Patrick O'Brian, The Mauritius Command|‎I'm in a win-win playoff. " Response of a Christian dying of cancer at thirty on the prospect of miraculous healing.
J.M. Coetzee, Waiting for the Barbarians|I truly believe I am not afraid of death. What I shrink from, I believe, is the shame of dying as stupid and befuddled as I am.
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|When you wake up one morning realizing you have piled so much on yourself that you feel you can't afford to get out, GET THE FUCK OUT!
Meik Wiking, The Little Book of Hygge: Danish Secrets to Happy Living|If a city is designed in a way that makes a long drive to work necessary, we harm the social health of that city. If a lot of people cycle, it's probably an indication that you live in a healthy neighborhood. This is something that should be seriously considered in urban planning, if you want to ensure a neighborhood togetherness and trust among locals.
Deyth Banger|Today here, then there, then DEAD (IT"S A FACT, you can't do anything just take it like this.... or be prepare for the worst. Who is prepared never get suprised easy!).
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Work, and not wishing, is what brings motion and results from your vision. Don’t be lazy. Try and try again, learn and practice, review and refine, then go back to implement again.
Sebastian Pinera|I think we have to keep working enormously hard to see that every single Indigenous child - every Australian child - has true equality of opportunity. We've got to work harder at it. I think, you know, the heartland issue for us is the gap; the gap in life expectancy in this country.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|They’re like chocolate-chip cookies, though. Can’t have just one.
Swarnakanthi Rajapakse, The Master's Daughter|Families could often trace their lineage back several centuries. Their livelihood was earned from drum playing, a service considered to be dis-respectable. As members of a low caste, the drummers were forbidden to build decent houses. There were allowed to build wattle and daub huts, and to live rent-free on their patrons' properties. The right to own the country's land was restricted in this manner, a vicious condition that arose through tradition and was reinforced by law. Patterns of financial power and political hierarchy existed hand in hand.
Trevor D. Richardson, Dystopia Boy: The Unauthorized Files|Sometimes I hate him. When he does the dishes, he shakes off each one before setting it in the drying rack. Water flies everywhere. A couple of drops always hit me in the face. I have to leave the room to avoid smashing a plate against his head.
Molly Harper, Nice Girls Don't Have Fangs|We finally settled on Francis Ford Coppola's version of Dracula, which, unfortunately, Gabriel seemed to think was a comedy. I think it was the combination of Keanu Reeves's British accent and Gary Oldman's elderly Count Dracula hairstyle. They're just misleading.
Linda Deir, Guided: Her Spirit Guide Angels Were Her Best Friends and Life Coaches|Love is here.” Chamuel pointed to her chest. “If you can’t feel it, Lilly, that’s on you.
Steve Maraboli|Words reveal your beliefs and intentions. Actions reveal your character. When they are in alignment, they reveal your greatest life.
David  Cain|The standard way of reducing stress in our culture is to put as much energy as possible into trying to arrive at a moment that matches our preferences. This ensures that we feel some level of stress until we get there (assuming we ever will) and worse, it makes the present moment into an unacceptable place to be.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|The weakest link in any chain of security is not the technology itself, but the person operating it; iron gates have no compassion to appeal to, nor fears to exploit, nor insecurities to use to one’s advantage. They are, however, operated by us – by beings of unlimited vulnerability and limited energy. Why waste time brute-forcing what can be easily circumvented by a clever façade and a crimson tongue?
Angela M. Hudson|But I still did not realize how mad she was, and how accustomed to dreaming; and that she would not cry out for reality, rather would feed reality to her dreams, a demon elf feeding her spinning wheel with the reeds of the world so she might make her own weblike universe.
Avina Celeste|Examine the energy you are sending into the world. Is it positive, loving and hopeful or is it negative, hostile and angry?
Traci Brimhall, Our Lady of the Ruins|Stranger inside me, when you are born, I will give youa closed book and ask you never to read it, never rest, never forgive a man who wants to save you.
Israelmore Ayivor|Ingratitude to God does not rely only on our refusal to give the verbal thanksgiving due to Him, but also recides in our inability to appreciate his gifts and potentials in us by leaving them untapped.
Savitri Devi|If I had to choose a motto for myself, I would take this one — pure, dure, sûre, [Pure, hard, certain] — in other words: unalterable. I would express by this the ideal of the Strong, that which nothing brings down, nothing corrupts, nothing changes; those on whom one can count, because their life is order and fidelity, in accord with the eternal.
W.W. Jacobs, The Monkey's Paw|I have learned one lesson in all this and I will share it knowing it will do no one any good. The lesson is this: "There are none more complicit in one's undoing than one's own heart".
Cynthia Heald, Becoming a Woman of Freedom|Or he’d watch the news: more plagues, more famines, more floods, more insect or microbe or small-mammal outbreaks, more droughts, more chickenshit boy-soldier wars in distant countries. Why was everything so much like itself?
Captain Hank Bracker, "Seawater One...."|Long before Christopher Columbus, the celebrated Chinese navigator Zheng He travelled through the south and westward maritime routes in the Indian Ocean and established relations with more than thirty countries in Asia, Africa, and the Middle East.
Ann Brashares, The Last Summer|All you have to do is revise your point of view. Instead of trying to achieve perfection, simply relax and enjoy human imperfectability. With that perspective you achieve the ultimate godhead. You see man as infinite possibility always in the process of becoming. You see finally that man, in emulating the creative process, is nothing less than God.
Susan Gable, A Hero to Keep|Breathe in, take what life hands you; hold it, accept it; breathe out, let it go.
Jordan D. Paper, The Deities Are Many: A Polytheistic Theology|Monotheism generally allows for no greys. Ideas are either true or false. Hence, although science develops out of the alchemy of the medieval Christian milieu (derived from Arabic alchemy, which was stimulated by the much earlier Chinese alchemy), science is not understood by the nonscientific monotheistic population. The general Western public mistakenly thinks science presents unalterable truth, as does their religion, rather than theories to be tested and continually discarded to be replaced by new hypotheses, which is the actual scientific method.
Ernest Cline, Ready Player One|It was about you... what I wrote. It was all about you." His bottom lip began to quiver."I know," I said, my voice shaky. I started to cry then. There was no holding back. "I loved it, every word. It was so beautiful.
Lisa Kessler, Ice Moon|She stepped back, staring up into my eyes. “You’ve given me hope.” She ran her hand up my chest. “I don’t know how to thank you for that.”I grinned. “You can start by taking my calls.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Two Towers|Until the coming of another day of fear, they walked in silence with bowed heads.
Dan Brown, Angels & Demons|Symbols,” Langdon said, “in no way confirm the presence of their original creators.
Théophile Gautier, Mademoiselle de Maupin|One evening he was in his room, his brow pressing hard against the pane, looking, without seeing them, at the chestnut trees in the park, which had lost much of their russet-coloured foliage. A heavy mist obscured the distance, and the night was falling grey rather than black, stepping cautiously with its velvet feet upon the tops of the trees. A great swan plunged and replunged amorously its neck and shoulders into the smoking water of the river, and its whiteness made it show in the darkness like a great star of snow. It was the single living being that somewhat enlivened the lonely landscape.
Maya Banks, Fever|Words are just words. The evidence is in how you act, how you react.
Christine O'Keeffe Lafser, An Empty Cradle, a Full Heart: Reflections for Mothers and Fathers after Miscarriage, Stillbirth, or Infant Death|Some people say it is a shame. Others even imply that it would have been better if the baby had never been created. But the short time I had with my child is precious to me. It is painful to me, but I still wouldn't wish it away. I prayed that God would bless us with a baby. Each child is a gift, and I am proud that we cooperated with God in the creation of a new soul for all eternity. Although not with me, my baby lives.
Belinda Brown|Men and boys are constantly portrayed as predatory, sexist, their sense of humour is vilified and their behaviour is regarded as unacceptable. Factor in the constant diet we are fed of men as perpetrators of rape, murder and domestic violence. Boys must wonder whether they will ever be able to do anything right. This must make it painfully difficult for young men and women to build up relations based on honesty, love and trust.
|The lack of self-love has conditioned many to love those who inflict emotional pain on them, while hurting the ones who bring them the most joy.
Isaac Asimov|Your assumptions are your windows on the world. Scrub them off every once in a while, or the light won't come in.
Rachel Hanna, Love in the Falls: Sam & Camden|Kate giggled. “Excellent choice.”“I always make excellent choices.”“I don’t know about that.”“Of course I do. I picked ye, didn’t I?
J.A. Belfield, Eternal|The last time Sean found trouble, she arrived in a package of blonde hair and blue eyes.” ~ Giles on Jem
Yawatta Hosby, One By One|Yeah, there has to be a few screws loose when a girl asks you to drop everything to spend a three-day weekend on very short notice, and you say okey dokey without a care in the world.
Chanda Kaushik|We are often let down by the most trusted people and loved by the most unexpected ones. Some make us cry for things that we haven't done, while others ignore our faults and just see our smile. Some leave us when we need them the most, while some stay with us even when ask them to leave. The world is a mixture of people. We just need to know which hand to shake and which hand to hold! After all that's life, learning to hold on and learning to let go.
Wendy Owens, The Shield Prophecy|Gabe realized he was standing there alone, with a goofy smile on his face. Limping inside, he closed the door behind him, her words still lingering in his mind. Gabe wanted more than anything to be able to choose happiness. He wanted a rain storm to make him smile. He desired that the simple task of cooking would make him dance. To Gabe, however, it didn’t seem as simple as just making a choice. He hoped her joy was contagious, because he was in uncharted territories.
John Zorn|There was a time I was very much blaming the way I felt on L.A, that it was a vacuum of creativity, of humor or anything organic, and I was really angry at the place. But then today I feel completely different - I love L.A.!
Anton du Beke|Jack Palance was my distant uncle - that's the family gossip. Growing up, my family knew everything about his face getting burned and scarred in the military and how that mutilation led him to become such a famous 'heavy' in films. I prayed for good scars of my own. Not just acne scars.
Anthony T.Hincks|When the Illuminati thought of their name, they were hiding in a darkened room with one candle.They are still hiding in that room with the same candle.
Adam Rex, The True Meaning of Smekday|We could have made it to the Arizona border in a few more hours if we hadn't been distracting each other with stupid little arguments. Don't get me wrong; I liked J.Lo fine. I've made that bed. But I'm not sure there's a person in the world I could be with twenty-four hours a day for three weeks without getting a little snippy. If I ever meet such a person, I'm marrying them.
Dada Bhagwan|Whatever one does in this world, he does it out of compulsion; so it is indeed our lack of understanding when we scold someone for what they do. If you scold him, he will do it even more. (Instead) You should explain to him with love. All diseases will disappear with love. You will get pure love either from the Gnani Purush [the enlightened one] or his followers!
Robyn Schneider, Extraordinary Means|I love that there's such a rivalry. It's like, leaf water versus bean water, ya know? - Charlie
Libba Bray, The Sweet Far Thing|War." Gorgon spits the word. "That is what they call it to give the illusion of honor and law. It is chaos. Madness and blood and the hunger to win. It has always been thus and shall always be so.
Swami Sivananda|In October, a maple tree before your window lights up your room like a great lamp. Even on cloudy days, its presence helps to dispel the gloom.
John Godfrey Saxe|Give me kisses! Nay, 'tis true I am just as rich as you; And for every kiss I owe, I can pay you back, you know. Kiss me, then, Every moment, and again.
Ilia Berends|Imperfects are funny, lovable and perfect to be happy. Perfects are appreciated and left alone everytime!!!.
Sarah Castille, Luca|There was something wild beneath the surface that his suit couldn't hide. He had the cocky arrogance of a man who broke the rules with impunity. A man who feared nothing. A very, very dangerous man.
Kindle Alexander, Always|I love you, Kane. Now let's go begin our always.
Michelle Cruz-Rosado|Life is a whirlwind of many opportunities. Choose to embrace all of them in deepest gratitude. Learn to forgive yourself and honour the heart that beats within you, as well as the head that rests on your shoulders. Learn how to believe in people again and not be judging or cynical to various beliefs.We are all of one light on this one Earth, and loving humanity makes all the difference.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|until we courageously find a cheaper antidote to our ignorance, we shall courageously pay a higher price for our ignorance always
John Christopher, The Pool of Fire|So I've come to the conclusion that it is thus my own fault when these people I have been talking about finally stop saying "Ah" and tell me it's a pity I always do such odd things.
Jay Grewal, A Slave to Want|I shake my head at my friend. “Not only is they lines, but you know good as I do where them lines be drawn.” Aibileen shakes her head. “I used to believe in em. I don’t anymore. They in our heads. People like Miss Hilly is always trying to make us believe they there. But they ain’t.
Ryan Sheckler|Just as the process of repealing national alcohol prohibition began with individual states repealing their own prohibition laws, so individual states must now take the initiative with respect to repealing marijuana prohibition laws.
Sonya Hartnett, Surrender|We’re miserable because we think that we are mere individuals, alone with our fears and flaws and resentments and mortality. We wrongly believe that our limited little egos constitute our whole entire nature. We have failed to recognize our deeper divine character. We don’t realize that, somewhere within us all, there does exist a supreme Self who is eternally at peace. That supreme Self is our true identity, universal and divine. Before you realize this truth... you will always be in despair.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|It's is not enough just to follow your heart. Use it in every breath and in each step. Meet and greet everyone with it. Put it into all you do, every dish you eat and all you create. Then your life and those of those you come into contact with will be truly rich - beyond material and transient things.
-Harrish Sairaman|IF you can fly above the CLOUD of politics, the storm is not for you.
Dennis Washington|I have the cliche 'struggling actor' story. I was waiting tables in New York, went out to L.A. soon after graduation to get some jobs, but it didn't work out. I wanted to cut my teeth in professional theater, so I came back to New York. It made my journey a longer one, but I really wanted to excel in the theater.
Brynn Kelly, Deception Island|You were a kidnapping waiting to happen - you're lucky it was me.""Luckiest day of my life.
Eve Ensler, The Vagina Monologues|The heart is capable of sacrifice. So is the vagina. The heart is able to forgive and repair. It can change it's shape to let us in. It can expand to let us out. So can the vagina. It can ache for us and stretch for us, die for us and bleed and bleed us into this difficult, wondrous world. So can the vagina. I was there in the room. I remeber.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|When we are able to break free from the imprisonment of our little, small self-thinking and dare to face the essence of life, we recognize we are never at home with ourselves. We are always on the road. By challenging the unknown and the unidentified we are capable of opening our skyline. ("Transcendental journey")
Walter Isaacson, Steve Jobs|Sometimes we focus so much on what we don't have that we fail to see, appreciate, and use what we do have!
DaShanne Stokes|No matter their party, people with a conflict of interest should be banned from the Electoral College.
Efren Peñaflorida Jr.|Never compare your love story to those you watch in movies. They're written by scriptwriters, yours is written by God.
Adrienne Wilder, Seven|When she heard about Mitch, it was Roberta that talked me into making the pizza.“You have to!” she’d nearly shrieked. She did this because I’d waxed on perhaps a little too enthusiastically about Mitch’s looks, his warm smile and his neighborly behavior.I shook my head. “I don’t know. He freaks me out.”“Yeah, I get that. Johnny Depp came in and fixed my faucet then told me he wanted to try my pizza that would freak me out too. But I’d still make him my freaking pizza.
Meg Donohue, Dog Crazy: A Novel of Love Lost and Found|I have a theory that you get the right dog, the dog you need, for a particular stage in your life.
Evinda Lepins, A Cup of Hope for the Day: Coffee Hour with Chicklit Power|When everything was right, something was bound to go wrong. (Jessica)
Jim C. Hines, Libriomancer|When life seems not worth living, ten minutes in a library proves otherwise.
Thomas à Kempis, The Imitation of Christ|Gratitude goes beyond the 'mine' and 'thine' and claims the truth that all of life is a pure gift. In the past I always thought of gratitude as a spontaneous response to the awareness of gifts received, but now I realize that gratitude can also be lived as a discipline. The discipline of gratitude is the explicit effort to acknowledge that all I am and have is given to me as a gift of love, a gift to be celebrated with joy.
Rick Yancey, The Last Star|Beyond their immaculate design, the reason sharks rule the ocean is their complete indifference to everything except feeding, procreation, and defending their territory. The shark does not love. It feels no empathy. It trusts nothing. It lives in perfect harmony with its environment because it has no aspirations or desires. And no pity. A shark feels no sorrow, no remorse, hopes for nothing, dreams of nothing, has no illusions about itself or anything beyond itself.
Stephen Richards, Anything You Wish: Beyond Limits|Love does not cost a thing, but it is priceless...
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|It has always been a happy thought to me that the creek runs on all night, new every minute, whether I wish it or know it or care, as a closed book on a shelf continues to whisper to itself its own inexhaustible tale.
Sheherazade Goldsmith|I'm attracted to soccer's capacity for beauty. When well played, the game is a dance with a ball.
Lemony Snicket|If you work hard, and become successful, it does not necessarily mean you are successful because you worked hard, just as if you are tall with long hair it doesn't mean that you would be a midget if you were bald.
Jay Woodman, Riding the Escalator and Terra Affirmative|SIMPLICITY is practicing a lifestyle that is increasingly free of excess, greed, covetousness, and other forms of dependence on the things of this world. The Holy Spirit works through simplicity to release spiritual gifts such as hospitality, mercy, and giving... to live free of anxiety, and to better take care of this Earth.
Joel Osteen|Over the years, I have been a house painter, farm worker, paste-up artist, Easter Bunny, pizza delivery person, homeless shelter staff member, and counselor for adults and kids with mental illness - I quit my last real job in 2000 to work on writing full-time.
Jesse Jackson|Because I could not stop for death, He kindly stopped for me; The carriage held but just ourselves and immortality.
Samantha Irby, We Are Never Meeting In Real Life|It's so weird that adults in committed relationships have a problem with something so innocuous as flirting. I would never expect you to walk around with a paper bag over your head to avoid catching the eye of a stranger, nor would I discourage you making friendly conversation with whomever you might encounter during the day. And if you needed to fuck somebody else, we could talk about it. People change, our desires evolve, and it feels foolish to me to expect what you'll want two, five, or ten years from now will be exactly the same thing that fills you up today. I mean, the way I feel about fidelity has evolved over the last ten years of my life. It's a hard-and-fast rule that we don't apply to any other thing in our lives: YOU MUST LOVE THIS [SHOW/BOOK/FOOD/SHIRT] WITH UNWAVERING FERVOR FOR THE REST OF YOUR NATURAL LIFE. Could you imagine being forced to listen to your favorite record from before your music tastes were refined for the rest of your life? Right now I'm pretty sure I could listen to Midnight Snack by HOMESHAKE for the rest of my life, but me ten years ago was really into acoustic Dave Matthews, and I'm not sure how I feel about that today. And yes, I am oversimplifying it, but really, if in seven years you want to have sex with the proverbial milkman, just let me know about it beforehand so I can hide my LaCroix and half eaten wedge of port salut. ('Milkmen' always eat all the good snacks.)
Alistair Darling|When you think of Yahoo, they had a shot to be what Vox is doing, in terms of taking content and distribution, and really focusing on news, sports, finance - the things that uniquely Yahoo was really terrific at - and really build that whole flywheel.
Robert G. Ingersoll|So, ministers say that they teach charity. This is natural. They live on alms. All beggars teach that others should give.
Brittany Butler, Unfazed|A university is a city of ideas, and we're grateful you became citizens of our city.
Chantal Kreviazuk|Yeah, I spent my teen years in West Virginia, and when I was a kid, in Louisiana. I definitely have that exposure to two different sorts of rural: the South and Appalachia.
Paul Bamikole|The flowers must have been the latest generation of perennials, whose ancestors were first planted by a woman who lived in the ruins when the ruins were a raw, unpainted house inhabited by herself and a smoky, serious husband and perhaps a pair or silent, serious daughters, and the flowers were an act of resistance against the raw, bare lot with its raw house sticking up from the raw earth like an act of sheer, inevitable, necessary madness because human beings have to live somewhere and in something and here is just as outrageous as there because in either place (in any place) it seems like an interruption, an intrusion on something that, no matter how many times she read in her Bible, Let them have dominion, seemed marred, dispelled, vanquished once people arrived with their catastrophic voices and saws and plows and began to sing and hammer and carve and erect. So the flowers were maybe a balm or, if not a balm, some sort of gesture signifying the balm she would apply were it in her power to offer redress.
Libba Bray, Beauty Queens|What did I do to make Mommy leave?”“You didn’t do anything. This isn’t your fault.”“Then why?” she’d wailed.“I don’t know,” her daddy had said, and he looked so sad.“It isn’t fair!”“No, it isn’t, baby. Not by a mile. The world’s only as fair as you can make it. Takes a lot of fight. A lot of fight. But if you stay in here, in your own little cave, that’s one less fighter on the side of fair.
Maisey Yates, Unexpected|Yeah.” He touchedKelsey’s arm and felt a shock, like static electricity. But this went deeper, beneath his skin. “I’mgoing to go see what Cade needs. See you later?”She licked her lips, the action sending a different kind of electricity down south. What a time for hislibido to make a reappearance. “Yeah. See you later
Betty Friedan|I find this wave of super-skinny women scary. I'm not going to lie to you, I've got to drag myself down to the gym like everybody else. But I look at the red carpet sometimes and it's like a pageant.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|In life, everyone must decide in what area of life he or she wants to be great. You must choose what territory you want to conquer.
Albert Einstein|Life without playing music is inconceivable for me. I live my daydreams in music. I see my life in terms of music, I get most joy in life out of music.
Lisa Carlisle, Dark Muse|Look at me, Regina.”She glanced up at him, appearing tiny. He stood almost a foot taller than her in his boots while she wore flats, which looked like ballet shoes. His palms heated and his heartbeat raced. Her scent that had teased him from afar now tormented him up close. God, he wanted to wrap himself in that scent, bury himself deep inside her.
Anonymous|Love and Friendship, when you have them or lose them they are much like the Greek story of Icarus...You can make you feel like you're soaring above the clouds with happiness when you have them or feel like you are plummeting to the depths of hell with despair when you lose them.
Christopher McDougall, Born to Run: A Hidden Tribe, Superathletes, and the Greatest Race the World Has Never Seen|The marathon will humble you. But the truth is, sometimes it will do more than humble you. Sometimes it will break your heart.
D.L. Given|I don’t want to look. I’ve got to look.” Vance... "Vital Perception
N. Stephan Kinsella|The State obtains its revenue by coercion, by threatening dire penalties should the income not be forthcoming. That coercion is known as “taxation,” although in less regularized epochs it was often known as “tribute.” Taxation is theft, purely and simply even though it is theft on a grand and colossal scale which no acknowledged criminals could hope to match. It is a compulsory seizure of the property of the State’s inhabitants, or subjects.
Dean Koontz, Odd Apocalypse|There is in me a darkness that, by darkness challenged, will rise up and have its way.
Debasish Mridha|O my beloved! Wherever I am, I am with you always because you are always in my heart.
Ellen DeGeneres|To understand a difficult topic like Iraq takes patience and care. Unfortunately, you rarely hear a patient, careful or thoughtful discussion of intelligence these days.
Thomas Becket|As far as having peace within myself, the one way I can do that is forgiving the people who have done wrong to me. It causes more stress to build up anger. Peace is more productive.
Richard Lovelace, The Lucasta Poems|I could not love thee, Dear, so much, Loved I not Honour more.
Frank Sonnenberg, Follow Your Conscience: Make a Difference in Your Life & in the Lives of Others|Edward, maybe you're seeking the wrong answer? You are asking the wrong question. It's not what you believe, but how you choose to believe. Everyone believes something. Even nothing is something.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|When people give you disappointment, don't worry; they are only showing you this- appointment. Just look and see.
Michael Ealy|My background is not typical hip-hop. I didn't grow up in the projects. I grew up in a single family home in a middle-class suburb. That doesn't mean I didn't experience hardship, but to me it's not about that, it's about the future and where we are trying to take it.
Tullian Tchividjian, One Way Love:  Inexhaustible Grace for an Exhausted World|Because Jesus paid it all, we are free from the need to do it all. Our identity, worth, and value, are not anchored in what we can accomplish but in what Jesus accomplished for us.
Alexander Ludwig|As a person, I was born to give out my opinions. By giving out my opinions, I realize who I am. As long as I can communicate, I'm not so lonely. If I cannot travel, or do art, or have company, if they take away all my belongings, it doesn't matter at all.
Robert J. Braathe|If we take the time to silence the chatter in our minds, it gives our heart the opportunity to awaken from its slumber. Peace of mind begins with peace in the heart.
Scott Hastie|Disparate energies come togetherThat have never been aligned before.And so bound,Is the world illuminated,Changed forever in an instant…
Belsebuub, The Astral Codex: Out-of-Body Experiences and Lucid Dreaming for Spiritual Knowledge|Dreams are an insight into our psychology: they are what we are, but stripped of the conventions and norms of psychology, and the rules of the physical world…
C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain|There is a paradox about tribulation in Christianity. Blessed are the poor, but by judgement (i.e., social justice) and alms we are to remove poverty wherever possible. Blessed are we when persecuted, but we may avoid persecution by flying city to city, and may pray to be spared it as. Our Lord prayed in Gethsemane. But if suffering is good, ought it not to be pursued rather than avoided? I answer that suffering is not good in itself. What is good in any painful experience is for the sufferer, his submission to the will of God, and for the spectators, the compassion aroused and the acts of mercy to which it leads. In the fallen and partially redeemed universe, we may distinguish (1) the simple good descending from God, (2) the simple evil produced by rebellious creatures, and (3) the exploitation of that evil by God for His redemptive purpose, which produces (4) the complex good out of simple evil does not excuse - though by mercy it may save -- those who do simple evil. And this distinction is central. Offences must come, but woe to those whom they come; sins do cause grace to abound, but we must not make that excuse for continuing to sin. The crucifixion itself is the best, as well as the worst, of all historical events, but the role of Judas remains simply evil...For you will certainly carry out God's purpose, however you act, but it makes a difference to you whether you serve like Judas or like John.
Dada Bhagwan|If we protect the ‘underhand’ [those working under us], then the ‘boss’ will protect us. If we constantly reprimand the ‘underhand’, then the boss will constantly reprimand us.
Haidji, SG - Suicide Game|A book, the greatest gift ever
Paulo Coelho, Warrior of the Light|Shame lurks in the pockets of the mind (or spirit), like lint. No matter how brave a face you put on things – and believe me, I did – you always have to face yourself in the end.
Voltairine de Cleyre, The Voltairine de Cleyre Reader|Man's nature, he postulated, was to be a "free conscious producer," but so far he had not been able to express himself freely in productive activity. He had been driven to produce by need and greed, by a passion for accumulation which in the modern bourgeois age becomes accumulation of capital. His productive activity had always, therefore, been involuntary; it had been "labour.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When we have graciously endured every adversity, we become like a shining diamond.
Muriel Spark, Memento Mori|If I had my life to live over again, I would form the habit of nightly composing myself to thoughts of death. I would practice, as it were, the remembrance of death. There is not another practice which so intensifies life. Death, when it approaches, ought not to take one by surprise. It should be part of the full expectancy of life.
Dina Luate-Wani|The past is a shadow, so I hid in the darkness. Little did I know I had made myself the unsuspecting prey of unseen predator. For only in light can you see what is dark.
Teresa Hampton, Leading Ladies: Willing Hearts, Willing Hands|Remember the power is not in the leader of the group, but in the Creator of the universe.
Heinrich Rohrer|To raise new questions, new possibilities, to regard old problems from a new angle, requires creative imagination and marks real advance in science.
Francis Chan, Forgotten God: Reversing Our Tragic Neglect of the Holy Spirit|And, yes we are much like kites when the image is one of spirituality and the winds of the Holy Spirit shaping, directing, instructing, and otherwise affecting our lives."~R. Alan Woods [2012]
Spiro T. Agnew|I was looking for a new challenge and got an interest in trying to make a difference for families. You become more aware of how important families are. They are the key institution in our culture. The reason I got into politics was to try to make a difference for that key institution, whether it was tax policy, education policy, or whatever.
Gore Vidal|One thing I can't do, and I hope that there are other people out there that feel the same way, is climb a rope. Oh my gosh, it's so hard to climb rope! It's all about grip and arms.
Jane Austen|I said to my soul, be still, and wait without hope, For hope would be hope for the wrong thing.
Nana Awere Damoah, I Speak of Ghana|Yes, it's important to inspire the next generation but let's not forget to inspire the now generation too.
Yevgeny Zamyatin|We need writers who fear nothing. ("Our Goal")
Sebastian Faulks, Engleby|A bit of the vagueness of music stops you going completely mad, I imagine.
Henry Hon, ONE: Unfolding God's Eternal Purpose from House to House|In Acts, every believer was living in a direct relationship with Him (Christ) and each one functioned normally as a member of His body in oneness with all believers.
Sammi Carter|I helped with customers who raced through the front door in a mad search for the perfect gift. One that looked as if they'd put hours of thought into their choice. And yes, you're right. They were mostly men." -- Abby Shaw, Sucker Punched
Anthony Powell, The Kindly Ones|An exceedingly well-informed report,' said the General. 'You have given yourself the trouble to go into matters thoroughly, I see. That is one of the secrets of success in life.
Stephen Richards|You have a right to feel the universe is willing to provide you with blessings, but not to the point that it cannot do without you.
Tanya R. Taylor|﻿If anyone views himself as being totally perfect in the actual sense of the word, he is undoubtedly imperfect in God's eyes. For the thought alone is one of presumption, impurity and imperfection. One may rightly strive for perfection pertaining to character and spirit, but must bear in mind that he will never reach its purest form within this human body. The fact that he has strived for it until the end has made him 'perfect' in the eyes of God.﻿
Andrew Davidson, The Gargoyle|There's a gentle sigh which descends like billowing silk upon the soul that accepts its coming death. It's a gentle pocket of air in the turbulence of everyday life... the silk settles around you as if it has been drifting towards the earth forever and has finally found it's target. The flag of defeat has been mercifully dropped and, in this action, the loss is not so bad. Defeat itself is defeated by the embrace of defeat, and death is swallowed up in victory.
Jeaniene Frost, Death's Excellent Vacation|By the time Bones announced it was Tammy's turn, I'd fallen in love with him all over again. Flowers and jewelry worked for most girls as a romantic gesture, but here I was, misty-eyed at watching him show my mother how to stab the shit out of him.
Stevie J. Cole, Exrated|The paradox of love is that its ultimate end is its opposite — hate. The paradox of hate is that its ultimate end is its opposite — love. Make deep hate inhabit any woman’s heart, and she can love one day. Make deep love inhabit any woman’s heart, and she can kill you one day.
Gillian Flynn, Sharp Objects|They always call depression the blues, but I would have been happy to waken to a periwinkle outlook. Depression to me is urine yellow, washed out, exhausted miles of weak piss.
Will Advise|I'm selling Jarod's life today. I mean virginity. He has no life. Email admin@allthegoodonesarealreadytaken.com for more information and please try to catch our special delivery at double-price deals, which will be posted somewhere on the internet at random, every other Tuesday, for half a night (on the previous day), unless it’s a Saturday, in which case you’ll have to wait and hope until the destined day comes and takes you away to heaven, which unfortunately, does not exist, except in the imagination of carefully selected individuals.
Embee, Tess Embers|How long he stood he did not know, but there was a foolish and yet delicious sense of knowing himself as an animal come from the forest, drawn by the fire. He was a thing of brush and liquid eye, of fur and muzzle and hoof, he was a thing of horn and blood that would smell like autumn if you bled it out on the ground. He stood a long time, listening to the warm crackle of the flames.
Norman Mailer|The writer can grow as a person or he can shrink. ... His curiosity, his reaction to life must not diminish. The fatal thing is to shrink, to be interested in less, sympathetic to less, desiccating to the point where life itself loses its flavor, and one’s passion for human understanding changes to weariness and distaste.
Latika Teotia|Loyalty begins with your own self. Be loyal to yourself, to your feelings, desires and demands of your soul. Start by following a small dictum- “Do unto others what you wish to be done by (others to you)” and you will realize how clearly you can see and how simple your life becomes. It’s a double edged weapon, you will set standards for your behavior with others and will expect no less from them either; it will also make you reasonable as well as realistic because you won’t expect the moon from others while you are not ready to do even half as much. In the past you may have bent backwards to please others, moulded yourself to suit their needs because you were too meek to stand up for your own self. You never thought of self love, your desire to grow and attain self fulfillment. Not anymore. You must be assertive, be firm and above all be loyal to yourself. If it doesn’t suit others, then so be it. They were never meant to be your fellow travelers, they were parasites who only wanted to use you, and having done that discard you when you had served their purpose. There was no ‘mutuality’ about such relationship. Be loyal to yourself and to others who are on the same wave length as you.
Sachin sawariya|Give something and Take take something "Love Is Love It Is Not any Selfless service
George R.R. Martin|I think there are two types of writers, the architects and the gardeners. The architects plan everything ahead of time, like an architect building a house. They know how many rooms are going to be in the house, what kind of roof they're going to have, where the wires are going to run, what kind of plumbing there's going to be. They have the whole thing designed and blueprinted out before they even nail the first board up. The gardeners dig a hole, drop in a seed and water it. They kind of know what seed it is, they know if planted a fantasy seed or mystery seed or whatever. But as the plant comes up and they water it, they don't know how many branches it's going to have, they find out as it grows. And I'm much more a gardener than an architect.
Jasmine Guy|I respect everybody, but at the same time, I carry myself with an aura that demands respect, too.
Mathew Henderson, The Lease|The air was motionless, carved, a block of warm copper fitting neatly around the earth, molded while soft to fit every house and every human being on the earth, and now hardened forever so that no man could move and no air ever came through. The earth rumbled down its alley like a golden bowling ball, shining.
Abhijit Naskar|Man is the master of Woman" - this statement may have been a glorious fact of primitive life in the wild, but it is nothing but an obnoxious stain on psyche of the thinking humanity.
James S.A. Corey, Leviathan Wakes|The accused rapist, Calvin Smith, had graduated from a small-town high school the previous June, where he'd distinguished himself as an athlete. Individuals who knew Smith have described him as "kind," "easygoing," and "goofy." But he had never had sex before meeting Kaitlynn Kelly, and a look at what he has posted on a social media site suggests that he was a frustrated, involuntary celibate. On January 11, 2011, Smith posted a line from the animated sitcom Family Guy on his Facebook page: "women are not people god just put them here for mans entertainment.
Paul Tillich, The Eternal Now|Our language has wisely sensed these two sides of man’s being alone. It has created the word “loneliness” to express the pain of being alone. And it has created the word “solitude” to express the glory of being alone. Although, in daily life, we do not always distinguish these words, we should do so consistently and thus deepen our understanding of our human predicament.
Benny Bellamacina|If you count sheep before you go to sleep, are you barrrrr'd from dreams?
Robert Liparulo, House of Dark Shadows|He lowered his eyes to his dad's face. There was fear there. Fear. When your dad was frightened, there was something to be frightened about.
Edgar Saltus, Poppies and Mandragora|I think our lives are surely but the dreamsOf spirits, dwelling in the distant spheres,Who as we die, do one by one awake.
J.R. Tompkins|She bent and placed a single daisy upon the grave. A simple white daisy. The plainest of flowers, perhaps the purest, Elspeth thought. It had cost next to nothing at all, and perhaps that was the point. She wasn’t being cheap. She was being symbolic. In her mind, Andrea deserved only the unstained purity of the simplest of daisies, a daisy that was unsoiled by a wealth that couldn’t find the money to have claimed her soul.
Charles Baudelaire, Les Fleurs du Mal|I walk alone, absorbed in my fantastic play, — Fencing with rhymes, which, parrying nimbly, back away; Tripping on words, as on rough paving in the street, Or bumping into verses I long had dreamed to meet.
Anthony Liccione|Poor Cook, thought Captain, I must be kinder to her. She makes a splendid pet. How faithful she is! I always say you can't get the same love from a dog that you can from a human. So clever, too. I believe she understands every word I say. I believe they have souls, just like dogs. It's uncanny how canine a human can be, if you are kind to them and treat them well. I know for a fact that when some dogs in history died, their humans lay down on the grave and howled all night and refused food and pined away. It was just instinct, of course, not real intelligence, but all the same it makes you think. I believe that when a human does, it goes to a special heaven for humans, with kind dogs to look after it.
Dorotea Brandin, Heart to heart(s) Communication @ work.Universal values of Buddhism to inspire open, compassionate and effective communication|No matter what we do, each instant contains infinite choices. What we choose to think, to say or to hear creates what we feel in the present moment, it conditions the quality of our communication and in the end the quality of our everyday life. Beliefs and attitudes are made of thoughts. Negative thoughts can be changed and by doing so we create for ourselves more pleasant inner states and have a different impact on the people around us
Donald Rumsfeld, Known and Unknown: A Memoir|There are known knowns, things we know that we know; and there are known unknowns, things that we know we don't know. But there are also unknown unknowns, things we do not know we don't know.
Robin Wright|If there were no bad people, there would be no good lawyers.
M.F. Moonzajer|Look out there. Can you feel them? Incredible to think - other human beings out there. You strain your eyes the whole day long, see nothing, hear nothing, still can't believe it somehow - but know it's true. Other warm bodies, hearts pumping blood. That ought to make us feel less lonely, or safer, it seems. Then why is it so shocking? Because - they don't belong here. The possibility of life in this place is more terrifying than the place itself. Can it be that we're really here?
Richelle E. Goodrich, Eena, The Two Sisters|I let my sword slip to the ground, and for the second time I stood unarmed in the presence of werewolves.Kresh put his lips to my forehead, and my skin burned beneath his kiss. When his hands repositioned to take me by the waist, my breathing—already shallow—ceased entirely. Then his lips fell on mine and I was suddenly everything he claimed me to be—his mate, his wife, his world.The taste of him seemed mysteriously new and old at the same time. Every bit of tension eased as if internally I had come home again, and yet a sense of foreignness made our connection a sweet venture. My breast was afire as he continued to grasp my hips, keeping me close. I burned for him as if vampire venom were coursing through every inch of me. The man was a constellation of suns in my desire, unlike Thaddeus who hardly equaled a speck of stardust. The thought of that coward reminded me of grim news. It took every bit of willpower I possessed to tear my lips away from what they craved, and yet I remained a submissive puddle in this werewolf’s arms.
Ivan Illich, Deschooling Society|Most learning is not the result of instruction. It is rather the result of unhampered participation in a meaningful setting. Most people learn best by being "with it," yet school makes them identify their personal, cognitive growth with elaborate planning and manipulation.
Samantha Chase, One More Kiss|Matt hissed her name as she moved above him, sliding along the hardened length of him. “What is it you want, baby?” he asked, his voice gruff.	“You,” she replied honestly. “I want more of you.” 	“You have me. All of me.
Nikolai Gogol, The Collected Tales of Nikolai Gogol|. . . there were masses of pictures she had not seen; however, Lily Briscoe reflected, perhaps it was better not to see pictures: they only made one hopelessly discontented with one’s own work.
Katie McGarry, Crash into You|One of his eyes was swollen shut, and his nose was thick and purple. It made her want to cry. And to kiss him. (Because apparently everything made her want to kiss him. Park could tell her that he had lice and leprosy and parasitic worms living in his mouth and she would still put on fresh ChapStick. God.)
Katie McGarry, Nowhere But Here|A woman who knows me, understands what I am, and who wants to have secret rules with me.
Rick Riordan, The Demigod Files|Percy: The Heka-what? Annabeth: The Hundred-Handed Ones. They called them that because... well, they had a hundred hands. They were the elder brothers of the Cyclopes. Tyson: Very powerful. Wonderful! As tall as the sky. So strong they can break mountains! Percy: Cool. Unless you're a mountain.
George Gordon Byron, Don Juan|But 'why then publish?' There are no rewardsOf fame or profit when the world grows weary.I ask in turn why do you play at cards?Why drink? Why read? To make some hour less dreary.It occupies me to turn back regardsOn what I've seen or pondered, sad or cheery,And what I write I cast upon the streamTo swim or sink. I have had at least my dream.
Debasish Mridha|Love is the light of life,Happiness is the delight of life.
Joy Mangano|I come from a short fiction background, and my mom is a poet, so I've always read poetry; I've always had a lot of different influences both linguistically and musically.
Latika Teotia|People will try your patience, bug you, irritate you, do something petty and won’t think twice about it. It’s up to you to react by confronting them, seek an apology or just ignore them. I would sincerely advise you to ignore and move on. There are far better and more important things to do then waste time over eliciting a confession or an apology. Moreover, the people who do something wrong are neither mature enough to realize their follies nor will they accept that they were wrong. You will be banging your head against a stone wall and spoiling your own day. Invest your time and energy on things which matter. Hold on to your peace- always.
Shannon  Mullen, See What Flowers|The west coast is a mecca for wild hearts, wild minds, wild spirits and I’m a WMD—I’ve got so much energy I’m about to explode.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Poems on Slavery.|Slavery is a sin when whites were put to the yoke, but not the African. All men are created equal, unless we decide you are not a man.
Debasish Mridha|If you help others to be happy, nobody can steal your happiness.
Prince Akwarandu|Rich people don't elicit much sympathy.It is not about how to save, invest, spend, hide and give away money, but unmasking the true nature of money, how it works.Be the one to create the system that supports the kind of society we desire for ourselves and the future generation.
L.A. Meyer, In the Belly of the Bloodhound: Being an Account of a Particularly Peculiar Adventure in the Life of Jacky Faber|I know, Ezra, that I tend to be a bit impulsive at times, but it all seems so reasonable at the time I do these things, and so unreasonable when everyone looks back at what happened and what I did
Upile Chisala, soft magic.|If you fast, the fat in your body will waste away.
Thomas Mullen, The Many Deaths of the Firefly Brothers|I’m not bipolar, I’ve just had a bipolar life foisted upon me.
Jim Morrison|Scientific truth is marvelous, but moral truth is divine and whoever breathes its air and walks by its light has found the lost paradise.
Timothy J. Keller, The Meaning of Marriage: Facing the Complexities of Commitment with the Wisdom of God|Marriage has the power to set the course of your life as a whole. If your marriage is strong, even if all the circumstances in your life around you are filled with trouble and weakness, it won't matter. You will be able to move out into the world in strength.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Many homes are on the rocks today because God has been left out of the domestic picture. With the clash of personalities in a domestic pattern, there must be an integrating force, and the living God is that Force!
Melissa Tagg, Like Never Before|Well, I did tell you I couldn’t give you a thing. Maybe you’ve just realised that Alistair can give the god damn world, and the pleasure of kissing his shiny slap-head every day!
Ta-Nehisi Coates, Between the World and Me|It began to strike me that the point of my education was a kind of discomfort, was the process that would not award me my own especial Dream but would break all the dreams, all the comforting myths of Africa, of America, and everywhere, and would leave me only with humanity in all its terribleness. And there was so much terrible out there, even among us. You must understand this.
Nathan Reese Maher|I steal one glance over my shoulder as soon as we are far from the foreboding luminance of the neon glow, and it is there that my stomach leaps into my throat. Squatting just shy of the light and partially concealed by the shade of an alley is a sinister silhouette beneath a crimson cowl, beaming a demonic smile which spans from cheek to swollen cheek.
FKA twigs|The poster boy for our superabled future is Oscar Pistorius, an increasingly famous South African sprinter who happens to have had both of his legs amputated below the knee. Using upside down question mark-shaped carbon fiber sprinting prosthetics, called Cheetah blades, Mr. Pistorius can challenge the fastest sprinters in the world.
Lailah Gifty Akita|You can build your strength, If you read enough books!
Ai Weiwei|In a typical history book, black Americans are mentioned in the context of slavery or civil rights. There's so much more to the story.
Bill Bryson, The Lost Continent: Travels in Small Town America|As my father always used to tell me, 'You see, son, there's always someone in the world worse off than you.' And I always used to think, 'So?
Kyra Jackson|Jemima was not pretty, the flatness and shortness of her face made her almost plain; yet most people looked twice at her expressive countenance, at the eyes which flamed or melted at every trifle, at the rich colour which came at every expressed emotion into her usually sallow face, at the faultless teeth which made her smile like a sunbeam.
Paul Robert Wolff|Humanity's moral conscience progresses, slowly yet surely...
Cheryl Strayed, Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail|Within forty minutes, the voice inside my head was screaming, WHAT HAVE I GOTTEN MYSELF INTO? I tried to ignore it, to hum as I hiked, though humming proved too difficult to do while also panting and moaning in agony and trying to remain hunched in that remotely upright position while also propelling myself forward when I felt like a building with legs.
Elizabeth Kostova, The Swan Thieves|Emily Dickinson , in my opinion, is the perfect (although admittedly slightly cliche) poet for lonely fat girls.
Ed Lynskey, The Quetzal Motel|The Quetzal Motel was a father/daughter operation, and they hurt for money but with just enough to stay in groceries. But who could tell? After tonight, their fortunes might perk up. It was better to look on the bright side. She took a deep breath and plunged back into Philip Nostrum’s realm of futuristicdoings.
Zygmunt Bauman, Modernity and the Holocaust|Free love may try to dissolve, and the concubinate to desecrate, the holiest tie, as it pleases; but, for the vast majority of our race, marriage remains the foundation of human society and the family retains its position as the primordial sphere in sociology.
Jim Butcher, Storm Front|Well, I hate to admit it, but it is possible that there is (one) such a thing as telepathy and (two) that the CETI project's idea that we might communicate with extraterrestrial beings via telepathy is possibly a reasonable idea--if telepathy exists and if ETIs exist. Otherwise we are trying to communicate with someone who doesn't exist with a system which doesn't work.
C. JoyBell C.|You can feel anything. All is free for you to feel. But I guarantee you that if you allow yourself to feel envy and then to swim in it, that envy will destroy you and the people around you. Envy is unlike anger. Envy is not a right wing nor a left wing, it is not on either end of the balancing beam. Nobody needs it and I can assure you that once you give yourself to it, you will be eaten up. Envy can even eat up nations, casting them up against each other and pull a whole nation down into an internal collapse.
Howard Jacobson|You lose attitude when you feel too comfortable, so I prefer to wear clothes that have a certain edge to them.
George Calleja, The Light|By walking in his spiritual life, the Christian will experience growing in his faith, becoming a holy person, understanding more the Word of God, being able to love one’s neighbour more, to do acts of mercy and experience more the light of God.
David Levithan, Two Boys Kissing|I'm sorry," he says. "I don't usually like people. So when I do, part of me is really amused and the other part refuses to believe it's happening.
Theodora Goss|If you’re a writer, your first duty, a duty you owe to yourself and your readers, and to your writing itself, is to become wonderful. To become the best writer you can possibly be.
Horace Bushnell|If thou art willing to suffer no adversity, how wilt thou be the friend of Christ?
Skrillex|I think that stocks have been this tremendous, tremendous equalizer for people in this country. Guys who can't make a lot of money at their jobs have been able to make a lot of money in the stock market.
John C. Maxwell|For good ideas and true innovation, you need human interaction, conflict, argument, debate.
Yevgeny Zamyatin|Time is the sole photographer of all the times, from the Big Bang till the possible Big Crunch!
Jodi Picoult, Plain Truth|If she spoke, she would tell him the truth: she was not okay at all, but horribly empty, now that she knew what it was like to be filled.
Sunday Adelaja|If opportunity doesn't come knocking at your door, build a brand.
Martin Luther King, Jr.|I think now that I'm in the autumn of my life, and I'm getting a chance of having an overview and looking at the shape of how things happen, when things happen, why things happen, I think it was fitting that I spent most of my early career doing mask work, because I just don't think I was that comfortable in my own skin.
Deyth Banger|Tactics and Checkmate in 1 move, show me some interesting stuff about chess... so far I can say that I see the chessboard different.
Miya Yamanouchi|Threatening a current or former partner isn't passion, or love, or heartache. It's violence, it's abuse and it's a crime.
James Runcie, Sidney Chambers and the Shadow of Death|Passion is such a stronge emotion that it dominates everything. It's like a strong spice in a meal, or a dominant red in a painting. Your senses are drawn to it at the expense of everything else. Dominic and I were not physical friends, so to speak. But I did love him. We can't help loving the people we do, can we? But the love doesn't have to be physical. You can be equally intimate. It doesn't matter.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|Communication is a major key to building any strong relationship, whether it is the relationship one has with oneself or with others. Sinful communication weakens yourself, weakens those you care about, and thus weakens your team.
Jim Corbett, Man-Eaters of Kumaon|Any human being has a fundamental right to fight for their rights, but that (own right) can not include anything that is fundamentally trying to deny others what is their fundamental right.The root of Tyranny of Majority that Telangana is witnessing in India since 1956 and is expected to end in early 2014
Deyth Banger|I believe that here on this planet there are people on the future and the last thing they will say won't be "We are from the future". Even they won't said, there aren't idiots!
Sherry Turkle, Alone Together: Why We Expect More from Technology and Less from Each Other|As with almost every long oration, there were loose ends.
Chloe Neill|So as I shivered, naked and damp, in front of the bathroom mirror, I raised my eyes skyward. "I hope we're still okay."I got no answer, but then, I didn't really expect one. Answer or not, it didn't matter. That's the thing about faith, I guess.
Sunday Adelaja|The perfect scenario is when you are living your dream, when you have found your gift and when you are working to bring it to perfection
Mary Steenburgen|It is lovely, when I forget all birthdays, including my own, to find that somebody remembers me.
Ani DiFranco|The majority of Taiwan people cannot accept Taiwan becoming a second Hong Kong, nor can we accept Taiwan becoming a local government of the People's Republic of China or a Special Administrative Region of China.
Patrick Lencioni|Millions saw the apple fall, but Newton was the one who asked why.
Kathryn Stockett, The Help|That's what I love about Aibileen, she can take the most complicated things in life and wrap them up so small and simple, they'll fit right in your pocket.
Cian Beirdd, Kediak of the Biainili|It’s only a cut, a reminder of this day. A reminder to ask every day, Why am I doing this?
Alyssa Rose Ivy, Flight|Costin regained his serious tone but his eyes softened."I won't force you into anything Sally. I know this is all different to you. I've known all my life that I had one perfect mate out there for me. And when I look at you, I'm in awe of what I've been given." Sally blushed as he paused. "I won't leave you unprotected, and allowing other males around you is something that neither I, nor my wolf, will be able to handle. Besides," he said, his eyes twinkling with mischief, "how could you not want to be around all this?"Sally let out a snort. "You've been around Jen way too much.""I don't know, she's quite educational.""Yeah, I don’t think I really want you to be educated by her.
Stephanie Witter, Six Years|All I could think about was the heat of his soft lips, the way they fitted so wonderfully as I was coaxing him to open them some more, just enough to let my tongue slip in and taste him. I needed a taste, needed to complete this fantasy of mine.
Jenson Button|In matters of conscience, first thoughts are best. In matters of prudence, last thoughts are best.
Joe Dunthorne, Submarine|That goddam stunted, red-faced, big-cheeked, apple-cheeked, curlyheaded, midget assed, , google-eyed, undersized, grinning, buck-toothed rat!!" Yossarian sputtered.~ Catch-22
Elana K. Arnold, What Girls Are Made Of|A beautiful girl in the library whispered to herself, "I too peek from the book shelves, but I can't stare longer.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Let go of all hate, love one another deeply.
Melita Tessy, Battle of the Spheres: Crust, Mantle and Core|Step my step, mile by mile. These were my medals and I had worked hard for each and every one of them and no matter what happened, no matter who horrible I felt on race day, those medals represent the blood, sweat, and tears that went into making me the runner I am today.
E. T. Jaynes|On Mars, the joke went, a man’s hole was his castle where values of castle approached dorm room.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|People need to understand that not everyone is out to hurt you. There are still some great people in this world. Do not allow yourself to believe that everyone is up to no good. Just because you have encountered some rude people along the way, doesn't mean that everyone is that way. When it comes to matters of the heart, Know which bridges to cross and which ones to burn.
Dee Waldeck|Life can be a strange yet wonderful experience to live, if only you learn to enjoy it more.
Nathan Myhrvold|It was interesting to think that the very first liquid ever poured on the Moon, and the first food eaten there, were communion elements.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Not because we think that it's still about to happen, thus makes our future life as though yet to be exist.Human mind can't yet perceive the nature of future.
Steve Easterbrook|The secret to the movie business, or any business, is to get a good education in a subject besides film - whether it's history, psychology, economics, or architecture - so you have something to make a movie about. All the skill in the world isn't going to help you unless you have something to say.
Alison Miller, Healing the Unimaginable: Treating Ritual Abuse and Mind Control|Since the 1980s, therapists have reported encountering clients or patients who had experienced extreme abuses featuring physical, sexual, emotional, spiritual, and cognitive aspects, along with a premeditated structure of torture-enforced lessons. The phenomena was first labeled "ritual abuse," and, later, as our understanding developed, "mind control.
Helen Potrebenko, Taxi!: A Novel|I like driving cab. Receptionists, sales clerks, waitresses -- they all have to look pleasant all the time. I can snarl if I want. There ain't too many women who can do that. Maybe garment workers are allowed to snarl at their sewing machines. But women mostly have to look pleasant when they're fucking miserable, and smile when they're angry.
Puerto Rican Princess|I hope you still dream when your eyes aint closed." -song:"As I Walk
Ragesh Nair|Quotes are just words, meaning is created by mind.
Gretchen McNeil, I'm Not Your Manic Pixie Dream Girl|Women are not on this planet exclusively to inspire men and make them happy. We have our own dreams and needs, our own shit to get done.
Adriana Trigiani, Big Cherry Holler|What-what do you want?" Annabeth asked, trying to maintain a tone of confidence.The voice cackled maliciously.'To curse you, of course! To destroy you thousand times in the name of Mother Night!'"Only a thousand times?" Percy murmured. "Oh, good...I thought we were in trouble.
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|Poets, you always write about women worth dying for. Write, for a change, something about the ones worth living for!
Charlotte Wood|To create is to defy emptiness. It is generous, it affirms. To make is to add to the world, not subtract from it.
Wentworth Miller|We have supported state terrorism against the Palestinians and black South Africans, and now we are indignant because the stuff we have done overseas is now brought right back to our own front yards. America's chickens are coming home to roost.
Manuela George-Izunwa|Love is more than feelings, yet feelings are important. Love is more than words, yet words are important.Love is a commitment to do, say and be the best you you can be for someone else.
Stephanie Perkins, Anna and the French Kiss|John’s voice cracked when he answered, and she could hear the pain seeping in no matter how hard he tried to cover it. “What if I lose focus? What if I lose you?” he asked. Katelyn framed his face with her hands and kissed him softly. “You won’t,” she said against his lips. “You won’t lose me.” He just wrapped himself around her, kissing her with his drugging kisses.
Rihanna|A great accomplishment shouldn't be the end of the road, just the starting point for the next leap forward.
Jan Jansen|A Change in life will not always be the Best, but a try to take a Chance for a Better life will be never a Loss in our Life.
Jess C. Scott, The Intern|Those sweet lips. My, oh my, I could kiss those lips all night long.Good things come to those who wait.
Cecilia Ekbäck, Wolf Winter|Sometimes when you had a thought, it refused to leave. You rejected it, disowned it, sent it away, to find, moments later, that you were still spending time with it. It might have a different shape or use different words, but there was no mistaking: it was the same one.
Meg Cabot, Jinx|I loved you way before you ever had a chance to put a spell on me. I loved you at 'I've never been to Long Island,'" Zach said.I couldn't keep a big goofy grin from my face.I loved you at 'I like seals,'" I admitted. He grinned back.
Michael Pollan, In Defense of Food: An Eater's Manifesto|[Government] regulation is an imperfect substitute for the accountability, and trust, built into a market in which food producers meet the gaze of eaters and vice versa.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|When you can actually monitor your passing life and be in control and be in charge of your time and making sure that you are actually converting every passing day into something, then you will never regret it.
Rebecca Rosen|Be the light you want to attract, and darkness will have no spell over you. Darkness is dispelled by light.
Andy Weir, The Martian|Fantastic accomplishments seem like something unattainable and everyone doing the extraordinary seems to be unlike you until YOU do something amazing. Then you realize those talented, heroic leaders are not different from you in any important way." Clara Branon, Ph.D., "This Is/Is Not the Way I Thought Things Would Change," Volume III, "The Spanners Series
Dierks Bentley|I started on the clarinet. I was going to a music school - my mother took me - and the guy said, 'What do you want to play?' I said the drums, and my mother said, 'No, you don't. You don't want to play the drums.' So I said, 'Maybe the trumpet would be cool.' And my mother said, 'I don't think so.' And then the clarinet was handed to me.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|So many people understand language, but few people understand the real meaning of language. They that understand the meaning of language understand language and life better!
Albert Schweitzer|The reality is, it takes daily cultivation of a spiritual path, preferably with spiritual kin in proximity, to sustain not the feeling of elation, but the focused, mindful path of steady growth.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|I have always loved Naoko, and I still loved her. But there is a decisive finality to what exists between Midori and me.
Laura Kreitzer|It’s okay. I’m—”“Fine?” Joseph chimed in. “Obviously not. You need to be checked out by a doctor.” “I am a doctor.” I rolled my eyes at him, but that didn’t deter him from his train of thought. “Not that kind of doctor.”“What is ‘that kind of doctor’ going to say when they see my shimmering pink blood, Joseph?” I changed my voice to mimic one of a concerned doctor. “I’m sorry ma’am, you appear to be suffering from a mild case of Pretty Pretty Princess syndrome. Have you ingested any magical woodland faeries recently?
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, The Sorrows of Young Werther|I was on the point of breaking off the conversation, for nothing puts me so completely out of patience as the utterance of a wretched commonplace when I am talking from my inmost heart.
Emme Rollins, Dear Rockstar|My panties were still on but he didn’t let that stop him, nosing them out of the way and tonguing my sex, making low, growling noises in his throat like a big cat purring with pleasure while it devoured its prey.
Elisa Marie Hopkins, Brilliant Cut|If I could do it all over again, I'd probably still leave. Except, this time, I would hold you closer, tighter, longer. I would kiss you a thousand more times, tell you I love you ten thousand more times, have sex with you one million more times. I didn't get it right the first time when you were mine. If I could it all over again, I would value your trust, stand by your actions, and never take score...even though I'm totally winning. So if you can just find it in your heart to shut the hell up and love me, I swear with every fiber of my being that I will spend every possible minute loving you." A smile that flirts with cruelty lifts on his mouth. "Your move. I'm wearing to many clothes.
Pearl Zhu, Digital Gaps: Bridging Multiple Gaps to Run Cohesive Digital Business|...Teachings are given to different men under different circumstances and in different times... [but] ...the Lord is the same yesterday, today and forever. If a parent commands a little child not to play with matches, and then commands a teenager to light the campfire, is this a contradiction? It's only a question of preparedness - one is ready and one is not.
Chaim Potok, My Name Is Asher Lev|Women, the most beautiful things in the world,” answers the model. As if it’s the only thing worth painting, as if everyone should aspire to it. Normally coming from a guy that answer would sound so incredibly skeezy—a greasy, obvious pick-up line. But something about this guy’s earnest tone tells me he means it." -from Model Position by Kitsy Clare
Sunday Adelaja|Being born-again Christian gives God the opportunity to gradually change your heart, mind, and thoughts
Autumn Doughton, The Bright Effect|The day drags through though storms keep out the sun;And thus the heart will break, yet brokenly live on:Even as a broken mirror, which the glassIn every fragment multiplies; and makesA thousand images of one that was,The same, and still the more, the more it breaks;And thus the heart will do which not forsakes,Living in shattered guise, and still, and cold, And bloodless, with its sleepless sorrow aches,Yet withers on till all without is old,Showing no visible sign, for such things are untold.
Candace B. Pert, Molecules Of Emotion: The Science Behind Mind-Body Medicine|When emotions are expressed...all systems are united and made whole. When emotions are repressed, denied, not allowed to be whatever they may be, our network pathways get blocked, stopping the flow of the vital feel-good, unifying chemicals that run both our biology and our behavior.
Brian Jacques|Aha! Today I shall become an author! And I will auth and auth and auth and make a squillion dollars, whoopee!
Christian D. Larson|Think only of what you desire, and expect only what you desire, even when the very contrary seems to be coming into your life. Make it a point to have definite results in mind at all times. Permit no thinking to be aimless. Every aimless thought is time and energy wasted, while every thought that is inspired with a definite aim will help to realize that aim, and if all your thoughts are inspired with a definite aim, the whole power of your mind will be for you and will work with you in realizing what you have in view. That you should succeed is therefore assured, because there is enough power in your mind to realize your ambitions, provided all of that power is used in working for your ambitions.
M|Often in life, you are forced to choose a different path than the one you desire, it is not fair, but who said life is fair. It is better sometimes to count your blessings instead of your losses and move on; although some losses are unforgivable. When deep in your heart, you reach to the conviction that "you did what you had to do and more", moving on will be second to nature for you. It is never easy but in the long run you will thank yourself for making that choice
Ina May Gaskin, Spiritual Midwifery|Typography is the use of type to advocate, communicate, celebrate, edu- cate, elaborate, illuminate, and disseminate. Along the way, the words and pages become art.
Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera|In the parlor was a huge camera on wheels like the ones used in public parks, and the backdrop of a marine twilight, painted with homemade paints, and the walls papered with pictures of children at memorable moments: the first Communion, the bunny costume, the happy birthday. Year after year, during contemplative pauses on afternoons of chess, Dr. Urbino had seen the gradual covering over of the walls, and he had often thought with a shudder of sorrow that in the gallery of casual portraits lay the germ of the future of the city, governed and corrupted by those unknown children, where note even the ashes of his glory would remain.
A.H. Carlisle III|Until you have experienced the true love of God, you will continue to accept his or her version of love and call it faith. #ChooseToWin
Ludwig van Beethoven|Those of you who are not aware of my brilliant career as a stand up comic, I'm not aware of it either so we might well wonder what we're doing here.
Jane Austen|Where people wish to attach, they should always be ignorant. To come with a well−informed mind is to come with an inability of administering to the vanity of others, which a sensible person would always wish to avoid.
James     Baldwin, Just Above My Head|The therapist, he thought, and it bothered him a lot more than it should have. After all, he had nothing permanent with Sophie. He just needed to touch her on a semiregular basis or he couldn't finish his sentences.
Steven Erikson, The Crippled God|Must the citizen ever for a moment, or in the least degree, resign his conscience, then? I think that we should be men first, and subjects afterward. It is not desirable to cultivate a respect for the law, so much as for the right.
Ken Poirot|We cannot change the past. We can only take action in the present and, therefore, change the future.
Eric Frank Russell, Wasp|Half of teachers leave the profession within their first four years, and kids with behaviour challenges and their parents are cited as one of the major reasons.
Yevgeny Zamyatin|Literature is painting, architecture, and music.
James Madison|In framing a government, which is to be administered by men over men, the great difficulty is this: You must first enable the government to control the governed; and in the next place, oblige it to control itself.
Robert Frost|We dance round in a ring and suppose,But the Secret sits in the middle and knows.
A.J. Mendez Brooks, Crazy Is My Superpower:  How I Triumphed by Breaking Bones, Breaking Hearts, and Breaking the Rules|No matter what your circumstance, if you provide kids with creative ammunition, they will blast holes into an oppressive reality, and conceive limitless worlds.
Kate Chopin|There were days when she was unhappy, she did not know why,--when it did not seem worthwhile to be glad or sorry, to be alive or dead; when life appeared to her like a grotesque pandemonium and humanity like worms struggling blindly toward inevitable annihilation.
Christopher Hitchens, god is Not Great: How Religion Poisons Everything|Atheism deprives superstition of its stand ground, and compels Theism to reason for its existence.
Katherine J. Walden, Dare to Call Him Friend|You can take the minister out of the pulpit, but you can’t take the ministry out of the minister.
Kim Basinger|People who think they are free eventually end up slaves to their own desires, and those who give their freedom away to the only One you can trust with that freedom eventually get it back.
Barbara Kingsolver, The Poisonwood Bible|A first child is your own best foot forward, and how you do cheer those little feet as they strike out. You examine every turn of flesh for precocity, and crow it to the world. But the last one: the baby who trails her scent like a flag of surrender through your life when there will be no more coming after--oh, that' s love by a different name.
Mary Oliver, New and Selected Poems, Vol. 1|And then I feel the sun itselfas it blazes over the hills,like a million flowers on fire --clearly I'm not needed,yet I feel myself turninginto something of inexplicable value.-from The Buddha's Last Instruction
Sonia Sotomayor, My Beloved World|I have come to believe that in order to thrive, a child must have at least one adult in her life who shows her unconditional love, respect, and confidence.
Ken Liu, LONTAR #6|As the wind continued to howl and groan through her decaying body, she began to sing her story.
Cindy Martinusen Coloma, Caleb + Kate|Love WasLove Will BeBut Most of All,Love is.Life Cannot Be Without ItIt is found in the WombIn The WoodsIn The Stars.To Be or Not to BeTo Love, or not to LoveThey Are Equal.My Soul Whispers Into the Spaces.Yes.
Douglas Preston, The Monster of Florence|How shall a man judge what to do in such times?''As he ever has judged,' said Aragorn. 'Good and ill have not changed since yesteryear...It is a man's part to discern them, as much in th Golden Wood as in his own house.
Sammy Rhodes|No matter how much we try to keep things in order, life seems determined to scatter Legos under our bare feet.
Neal Boortz|This war differs from other wars, in this particular. We are not fighting armies but a hostile people, and must make old and young, rich and poor, feel the hard hand of war.
M. Scott Peck, The Road Less Traveled: A New Psychology of Love, Traditional Values, and Spiritual Growth|Until you value yourself, you won't value your time. Until you value your time, you will not do anything with it.
Agnostic Zetetic|All I’m saying is that I want you to be happy. I don’t care how it happens, or what it takes to facilitate it. I don’t care if it happens with me or without me. I don’t care if you use me to get there, or if I’m entirely irrelevant to your process. None of me is attached to how your happiness happens; I care only that it does.
Zack Wamp|These days, all we hear about is that the industry is in trouble. Everybody is so scared, but our mission statement is having no fear.
George MacDonald, A Dish of Orts|I am not well-versed in theory, but in my view, the cow deserves her life. As does the ram. As does the ladybug. As does the elephant. As do the fish, and the dog and the bee; as do other sentient beings. I will always be in favor of veganism as a minimum because I believe that sentient beings have a right not to be used as someone else's property. They ask us to be brave for them, to be clear for them, and I see no other acceptable choice but to advocate veganism. If these statements make me a fundamentalist, then I will sew a scarlet F on my jacket so that all may know I'm fundamentally in favor of nonviolence; may they bury me in it so that all will know where I stood.
Brian Spellman|When all seems hopeless, cross your fingers and stick with the secular prayer.
Bessel A. van der Kolk, The Body Keeps the Score: Brain, Mind, and Body in the Healing of Trauma|BEFRIENDING THE BODY Trauma victims cannot recover until they become familiar with and befriend the sensations in their bodies. Being frightened means that you live in a body that is always on guard. Angry people live in angry bodies. The bodies of child-abuse victims are tense and defensive until they find a way to relax and feel safe. In order to change, people need to become aware of their sensations and the way that their bodies interact with the world around them. Physical self-awareness is the first step in releasing the tyranny of the past.In my practice I begin the process by helping my patients to first notice and then describe the feelings in their bodies—not emotions such as anger or anxiety or fear but the physical sensations beneath the emotions: pressure, heat, muscular tension, tingling, caving in, feeling hollow, and so on. I also work on identifying the sensations associated with relaxation or pleasure. I help them become aware of their breath, their gestures and movements.All too often, however, drugs such as Abilify, Zyprexa, and Seroquel, are prescribed instead of teaching people the skills to deal with such distressing physical reactions. Of course, medications only blunt sensations and do nothing to resolve them or transform them from toxic agents into allies. The mind needs to be reeducated to feel physical sensations, and the body needs to be helped to tolerate and enjoy the comforts of touch. Individuals who lack emotional awareness are able, with practice, to connect their physical sensations to psychological events. Then they can slowly reconnect with themselves.
Theodora Goss|I think part of my purpose in this life is to talk about magic, and to make it.
Paul Stanley|When somebody's in love with you, they think it's amazing you've written them a poem, and when they don't love you anymore, they hate those poems. They wish those poems would go away.
Mark Batterson, A Trip Around the Sun: Turning Your Everyday Life Into the Adventure of a Lifetime|...if you can truly surrender to Him, you will do more, be more, experience more. Life will just be more.
K.A. Applegate|The dragon, you know, hunkered in the village devouring maidens, heard the townsfolk cry 'Monster!' and looked behind him.
Anthony T. Hincks|I wish that I had been born a man, then I wouldn't be the boy that I am.
Danielle Lee Zwissler, The Boy Next Door: Best friends to lovers romance|It was not about the sea or the sand, but burying her feet there had seemed to cure what had worried her...
Stephen Colbert, I Am America|A spirit of satirical frivolity so dominated Britain in the 1960s that one critic feared the country "would sink giggling into the sea.
Triss|When you choose to light, I weep, when you choose to darken, I weep
Aakash Sharma|Don't just Recognize him.he don't need your recognition. he created you, not you created him. Understand the GOD.
Dani Pettrey, Still Life|They were all highly respectable in their professions and, together, practically unstoppable. But most importantly, they were on her side. She couldn't feel more blessed....or anxious. She sighed. *in italics* Forgive me, Lord, for being so antsy. For worrying, I know it adds nothing to my life or any help to the situation at hand, but it's my friend's disappearance that we're investigating, and I don't know where to start. I don't want to choose the wrong lead. Please direct our investigation and help me to bring Skylar home. I'm the reason she is the way she is. Please don't let it be too late. *end italics*
Richard Dawkins|Many of us saw religion as harmless nonsense. Beliefs might lack all supporting evidence but, we thought, if people needed a crutch for consolation, where's the harm? September 11th changed all that.
Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner|You have a good heart and you think the good thing is to be guilty and kind but it's not always kind to be gentle and soft, there's a genuine violence softness and kindness visit on people. Sometimes self-interested is the most generous thing you can be. 
Sylvia Loehken|...the whole 'know thyself' thing isn’t a journey to a fixed destination. Learning about myself changes me, forcing me to learn more. 'Know thyself' isn’t a goal; it’s a road.
Louise Erdrich, LaRose|Information, long of reach, devastating, and as a side benefit, a substance with no serious legal repercussions, was superior to any other form of power.
Edgar Allan Poe, Edgar Allan Poe: Selected Poems|Once upon a midnight dreary, while I pondered, weak and weary, Over many a quaint and curious volume of forgotten lore — While I nodded, nearly napping, suddenly there came a tapping, As of some one gently rapping, rapping at my chamber door.
Catherine Lacey, Nobody Is Ever Missing|Let me say that whoever invented wanting, whoever came up with desire, whoever had the first one and let us all catch it like a hot-pink plague, I would like to tell that person that it wasn't fair of him or her to unleash such a thing upon the world without leaving us a warranty or at the very least an instruction manual about how to manage, how to live with, how to understand this thing that can happen in a person against her will, by which I mean desire and the need it gnaws in us and the shadow it leaves when it's gone.
Bertrand Russell, Why I Am Not a Christian and Other Essays on Religion and Related Subjects|The Victorian Age, for all its humbug, was a period of rapid progress, because men were dominated by hope rather than fear. If we are again to have progress, we must again be dominated by hope.
Wallace Stegner, All the Little Live Things|wherever you find the greatest good, you will find the greatest evil, because evil loves paradise as much as good.
Galen Beckett, The Master of Heathcrest Hall|Besides, Mrs. Quesnt, did it never occur to you that we are not changing at all-that rather, we are simply becoming more ourselves?
Lisa Scottoline|What I'm doing is writing stories about women who care about justice. They are women who think about the difference between right and wrong, what's legal and illegal, ethical and unethical, moral and immoral.
Robert Louis Stevenson, Treasure Island|Pilgrims were people glad to take off their clothing, which was on fire.
Cormac McCarthy, The Road|This is my child, he said. I wash a dead man's brains out of his hair. That is my job.
Santosh Kalwar|Happiness is a good business these days, more you talk crap about happiness the large number of crowd you will gather.
Richard M. Knittle Jr., The Battle Lost: Ryder's Birth|Let us build for the tomorrow, build a nation strong and free; and the Lord who dwells above us, He will bless our destiny".
Drew Carey|I'm well trained. The only reason I am this slim is that I have to fit into the clothes. The samples are size 8, and I am naturally a size 10 to 12. I have been on a diet for my entire life.
Tom McDonough, The Situationists and the City: A Reader|Here too, as in the Commune almost a century earlier, the struggle was articulated around the hope that 'the antithesis between the everyday and the Festival--whether of labour or of leisure--will no longer be a basis for society.
Bien Sufficient|If you are determined to live life to the full, if you are determined to conquer in life, if you are determined to win in life, if you are determined to soar in life, you must not shy away from this particular demand. Life demands death.
Robert Winder, Bloody Foreigners: The Story of Immigration to Britain|The disease of intolerance is not communicated only in religious groups. I’ve seen it infect racial groups, economic groups and even whole nations (where it is often cleverly disguised as patriotism). Intolerance always fences people out. It creates one group we call US. And the rest we call THEM.
Elvia Alvarado, Don't Be Afraid, Gringo|I don't think that God says, "Go to church and pray all day and everything will be fine." No. For me God says, "Go out and make the changes that need to be made, and I'll be there to help you.
Susana Fortes, Waiting for Robert Capa|We're born with a mapped-out route. This one, not that one. Who you dream with. Who you love. It's one or the other. You choose without choosing. That's how it is. Each of us travels on their own path. Besides, how do you love someone without truly knowing who they are? How do you travel that distance when there's all that you don't know about the other?
Tarryn Fisher, Thief|Women hold all the power. They should use it like a whip, not offer it up like a sacrifice.
ARKOPAUL|If everything comes in your way just the way you wanted them to ,then you're probably in the wrong lane.
Rose Lerner, True Pretenses|She was the kind of art that was so valuable it wasn't even for sale, and she smiled when she saw Ash. His pulse jumped.
Chloe Thurlow, Katie in Love|When you cut the cords on the safety net and walk out on the highwire, you become yourself and become all that you can be and all that you were meant to be. But first, you must cut the cords.
Ann Brashares, The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants|She perched on her windowsill, gazing at the lurid sun soaking into the Caldera, trying to appreciate it even though she couldn’t have it. Why did she always feel she had to do something in the face of beauty?
Jurgen Moltmann|...the clearer the light is, the more it blinds and darkens the pupil of the owl; and the more we look at the sun, the greater is the darkness it causes in our vision ... in the same way, when the divine light of contemplation assails the soul that is not wholly enlightened, it causes spiritual darkness within it.
Pierre Teilhard de Chardin, Hymn of the Universe|So many things which once had distressed or revolted him — the speeches and pronouncements of the learned, their assertions and their prohibitions, their refusal to allow the universe to move — all seemed to him now merely ridiculous, non-existent, compared with the majestic reality, the flood of energy, which now revealed itself to him: omnipresent, unalterable in its truth, relentless in its development, untouchable in its serenity, maternal and unfailing in its protectiveness.
David Wong, John Dies at the End|Pack up all my care and woe, blackbird, bye-bye
J.Y.  Yang, Best New Singaporean Short Stories: Volume Two|But we will not bury our mother. We have no interest in putting her bones in soft ground, no desire for memorials and platitudes, no feelings attached to the organic detritus of her terminated existence.
Emily Barr, The One Memory of Flora Banks|All right, let's consider some history here. I see a number of girls are wearing pants. This used to be frowned upon. In 1938, Helen Hulick was jailed for wearing slacks -- put behind bars.Do you think society should have the right to jail or punish you for what you choose to wear?
Muriel Barbery, The Elegance of the Hedgehog|I had taken up my quill to begin writing many times before now, but I always abandoned it quickly: each time I was overcome with fear. Yes, may God forgive me, but the letters of the alphabet frighten me terribly. They are sly, shameless demons—and dangerous! You open the inkwell, release them: they run off—and how will you ever get control of them again! They come to life, join, separate, ignore your commands, arrange themselves as they like on the paper—black, with tails and horns. You scream at them and implore them in vain: they do as they please. Prancing, pairing up shamelessly before you, they deceitfully expose what you did not wish to reveal, and they refuse to give voice to what is struggling, deep within your bowels, to come forth and speak to mankind.
John Eldredge, Captivating: Unveiling the Mystery of a Woman's Soul|We think you'll find that every woman in her heart of hearts longs for three things: to be romanced, to play an irreplaceable role in a great adventure, and to unveil beauty. That's what makes a woman come alive.
Red Cloud|When I was a youngster growing up in South Dakota, we never referred to the national debt, it was always referred to as the war debt because it stemmed from World War I.
A.F. Stewart, Reflections of Poetry|...feel the fierce way desiretourniquets itself around you andclingsClubland South of Market tweak-chic trannies powder their noses frombullet-shaped compacts and flick their forkedtongues like switchblades as they burn the nightdown bleed day to night to day toMission sidewalks where pythons hidetwenty dollar balloons beneath their tongues whichget bartered in smiles quicker than a coke buzz andtossed out through the cracksCottonmouth kissescamouflage emotions andstrike with a vengeancewhen hewants and shewants and theywant and Iwon'tGenet was right, I supposewhen he wrote "The only wayto avoid the horror of horror isto give in to it"it'sthe nature ofthe economy of thebusiness it's thenature ofthings...
Christina Enevoldsen|I believed I was too sensitive and weak. To “prove” I wasn’t a victim anymore, I moved closer to painful experiences rather than away from them. Remaining in harm’s way and exposing myself to more pain kept me in the victim role rather than moving me out of it.
Mary Jane Hathaway, The Pepper in the Gumbo|We love films because they make us feel something. They speak to our desires, which are never small. They allow us to escape and to dream and to gaze into eyes that are impossibly beautiful and huge. They fill us with longing. But also. They tell us to remember; they remind us of life. Remember, they say, how much it hurts to have your heart broken. Remember about death and suffering and the complexities of living. Remember what it is like to love someone. Remember how it is to be loved. Remember what you feel in this moment. Remember this. Remember this.
Erik Pevernagie|A law of life: at the precise instant when someone tells a truth, that truth is transformed into a story
Joss Whedon|Passion. It lies in all of us. Sleeping... waiting... and though unwanted, unbidden, it will stir... open its jaws and howl. It speaks to us... guides us. Passion rules us all. And we obey. What other choice do we have? Passion is the source of our finest moments. The joy of love... the clarity of hatred... the ecstasy of grief. It hurts sometimes more than we can bear. If we could live without passion, maybe we'd know some kind of peace. But we would be hollow. Empty rooms, shuttered and dank. Without passion, we'd be truly dead.
Sheryl Sandberg|President Ford was a devoted, decent man of impeccable integrity who put service to his country before his own self interest. He helped heal our nation during a time of crisis, provided steady leadership and restored people's faith in the presidency and in government.
Maggie Nelson|Passing pleasures, like passing clouds, are all we have.
Douglas Coupland|It was Einstein's dream to discover the grand design of the universe, a single theory that explains everything. However, physicists in Einstein's day hadn't made enough progress in understanding the forces of nature for that to be a realistic goal.
Angele Gougeon, Sticks and Stones|Mind", can't make differences between real and not..., (OFF NOW THAT..., then that...), you are saying lie after lie..., then believing in false stuff. And thinking in positive sides so to scream not much as the other do, but as always you one moment scream you can't stop it... Now putting against me a knife and saying "Go away... give me my daughter... give me her back"..., don't you see the people laugh at you, don't you see it. Look their faces, with so many smiles, but they aren't people, they are from the army, off, off for god sake they are soldiers which have guns. Have killed few people, have taken your daughter and they are many as a number than you and your whole family... Probably this part as an General I must skip it, because it's logical however look it and from this side, nobody will sacrifice so you to be happy... you will die.. O, o, the poor little girl crying in front of the people, she just saw her mother pointing with a knife against the soldiers and now she is killed by one of the soldiers.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|I live a grateful life, and the result is pure joy and happiness.
Neil Gaiman, Anansi Boys|Different creatures have different eyes. Human eyes (unlike, say, a cat's eyes, or an octopus's) are only made to see one version of reality at a time.
Carsten Jensen, We, the Drowned|Just as God expressed his great love by giving his son to die for our redemption, so we will express our love for God by giving to others
Gavin Newsom|We have to remember that Putin was a member of the KGB. He has already demonstrated that kind of macho, dictatorial attitude. Russia has breached their pledge to uphold the Olympic charter. This is a great opportunity for the IOC to say we cannot, given the situation that exists currently, allow the Olympics to take place in Russia.
Noam Chomsky, Hegemony or Survival: America's Quest for Global Dominance|Destroying hope is a critically important project. And when it is achieved, formal democracy is allowed—even preferred, if only for public relation purposes. In more honest circles, much of this is conceded. Of course, it is understood much more profoundly by beasts in men's shapes who endure the consequences of challenging the imperatives of stability and order.
Dan Barber|So while I was in college I did a little study on the freight industry, the air freight industry. And I looked at this company called Flying Tiger. And I actually put a thousand dollars in it and I remember I thought this air cargo was going to be a thing of the future.
Natasha Pulley, The Watchmaker of Filigree Street|What's that?' Thaniel said, curious. The postmarks and stamps weren't English or Japanese.'A painting. There's a depressed Dutchman who does countryside scenes and flowers and things. It's ugly, but I have to maintain the estates in Japan and modern art is a good investment.
Richard Mitchell, Less Than Words Can Say|That's how ideas and the institutions they generate come to be in the first place. It is in strings of words that we make ideas. The words, however, can say anything that the language permits, which, in our case, is quite a lot, so a string of words can just as easily express inanities as ideas. When inanities are expressed, we can discover them just by paying attention to the words.
Frank Herbert, God Emperor of Dune|Military foolishness is ultimately suicidal. They believe that by risking death they pay the price of any violent behavior against enemies of their own choosing. They have the invader mentality, that false sense of freedom from responsibility for your own actions.
Steve Earle|Since His delights are to be with you, let yours be found in Him.
Collier Lumpkin, Love, to Taste|Sometimes people leave us because staying becomes an impossibility. Because the world just gets too small. Or, sometimes, because there is just one boat, and too many hands. ...Because maybe, life can be a bit bigger than it exists today. And because, somewhere else, there may be another boat.
Tom Robbins|When I was a child I had a nightmare, and in the morning, I asked my mother and father, 'If I kill someone, would you still love me?' My parents were very preoccupied with this, but I think I'm not the only one to ask for that - not love, but absolute fidelity.
R. N. Prasher|Freedom within is embodied in things as well as people. Like coins tossed into a wishing well, they contain our hopes and dreams.
Plato|Music is probably the only real magic I have encountered in my life. There's not some trick involved with it. It's pure and it's real. It moves, it heals, it communicates and does all these incredible things.
Billie Jean King|Every day is a new opportunity. You can build on yesterday's success or put its failures behind and start over again. That's the way life is, with a new game every day, and that's the way baseball is.
Robin Stevenson, The World Without Us|I stare past her at the inspirational kitten posters. There's one of a soaking-wet kitten climbing out of a toilet with the caption "it could be worse!""Just tell me whatever it is you're thinking," Mrs. Paulsen says. "Whatever is going through your mind right now.""I hope they didn't actually drop a cat in the toilet to get that picture," I choke out. "...Pardon?""Nothing. Sorry.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Duino Elegies|Here is the time for the sayable, here  is its home.Speak and attest. More than everthe things we can live with are falling away,and ousting them, filling their place, a will with no image.Will beneath crusts which readily crackwhenever the act inside swells and  seeks new borders.
Amit Kalantri|When you are angry try your best to go to sleep, it keeps you away from speaking, writing and thinking while you are angry.
Michael Ben Zehabe, Song of Songs The Book for Daughters|Her religious beliefs went first, for all she could ask of a god, or of immortality, was the gift of a place where daughters love their mothers; the other attributes of Heaven you could have for a song.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Man is more noble dead than alive, because in returning to the earth he becomes earth, and nothing is nobler than the earth that entombs us, closes our eyes, and blossoms in a beautiful eterneity.
Chiang Kai-shek|We Germans have a special responsibility to be alert, sensitive, and aware of what we did during the Nazi era and about lasting damage caused in other countries. I've got tremendous sympathy for that.
Michio Kaku, Physics of the Future: How Science Will Shape Human Destiny and Our Daily Lives by the Year 2100|The handsome and the beautiful may earn the admiration of society, but all the wondrous inventions of the future are a by-product of the unsung, anonymous scientists.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|By drinking, a boy acts like a man. After drinking, many a man acts like a boy.
William Gomes|Poverty is the events of forced separation of mass from the nature. Poverty is not the cause but the outcome. Poverty is not natural, it is created, it is abnormal, unexpected and unwanted. Its was never part of the nature and never will be. Poverty has been engineered by few Unwise, irresponsible and selfish individuals.
John Burdett|I'd love to look like my mum when I am her age. She taught ballet for years, and my attitude to exercise and fitness has definitely been influenced by her. She's 84 now, and I've watched how well she has aged, and a lot of that is to do with her fantastic posture.
Dan Alatorre|Now, in the Kingdom of School, to be asked into another child's room is like being asked inside their heart.
Ayaan Hirsi Ali|Every life is a profession of faith, and exercises an inevitable and silent influence.
Emmeline Pankhurst|Politics is for the present, but an equation is for eternity.
Mandy Moore|If you've gone into a marriage and you haven't been clear about how you're going to handle money, how you want to raise kids, who is going to work or stay home or what have you, then you've set yourself up for failure.
S. E. Smith|Mom rubbed the back of my neck and we kept walking, away from the kids and the colors and the high-pitched, happy voices. Seeing them made me feel like I was a million miles from anything good. I just got really lonely. I'm not sure why. All those kids smiling and laughing and my mom so fucking clueless and me feeling kinda shitty and high at the same time. All of a sudden, I couldn't figure out what the point was. I couldn't remember what mattered.
Karen DeCrow|In the finance world, we used to spend all of our time looking backwards, reporting on what happened. Can I book it? What are the numbers? Now it's about looking into the future. It's about planning and integration. The role of finance is now that of a partner in the business.
Gary Neville|It is very important to me to maintain a consistent workout regimen during the season. The Bulls staff does a great job with providing me with a weekly workout, and these kept me energized throughout my rookie season. In the off season, I try to increase my strength and add new dimensions to my game.
Maggie Stiefvater, Linger|Somewhere fate laughs in her far-off country, because now I am the human and it is Grace I will lose again and again, immer wieder, always the same, every winter, losing more of her each year, unless I find a cure.
Damon Runyon|I know why most people never get rich. They put the money ahead of the job. If you just think of the job, the money will automatically follow. This never fails.
Philip Seymour Hoffman|When I started acting, I thought if I got one or two jobs a year I'd be lucky. So yeah, my career has gone so much farther than I ever suspected it would, and as such I feel lucky for everything I get. I feel thankful and grateful.
Swami Satchidananda|In the holy solipsism  of the youngNow I can't walk thru a citystreet w/out eying eachsingle pedestrian. I feelthier vibe thru myskin, the hair on my neck--- it rises.
Regis Philbin|Every little detail of my life is, and has always been, surrounded by fashion - from the cup I drink my coffee from in the morning to my constant travels - fashion always pops up somewhere and somehow.
Curtis Tyrone Jones|The fun part is finding which thoughts, in that crazy beehive of emotion, are the ones that mass produce the honey.
Robert Fulghum, Maybe, Maybe Not|There are seconds, they come only five or six at a time, and you suddenly feel the presence of eternal harmony, fully achieved. It is nothing earthly; not that it's heavenly, but man cannot endure it in his earthly state. One must change physically or die. The feeling is clear and indisputable. As if you suddenly sense the whole of nature and suddenly say: yes, this is true. God, when he was creating the world, said at the end of each day of creation: 'Yes, this is true, this is good.' This . . . this is not tenderheartedness, but simply joy. You don't forgive anything, because there is no longer anything to forgive. You don't really love — oh, what is here is higher than love! What's most frightening is that it's so terribly clear, and there's such joy. If it were longer than five seconds — the soul couldn't endure it and would vanish. In those five seconds I live my life through, and for them I would give my whole life, because it's worth it. To endure ten seconds one would have to change physically . . . .
Olawale Daniel|Do not let anybody reign with you, until they suffer with you.
Hunter S. Thompson|It is Nixon himself who represents that dark, venal and incurably violent side of the American character that almost every country in the world has learned to fear and despise. Our Barbie-doll president, with his Barbie-doll wife and his boxful of Barbie-doll children is also America's answer to the monstrous Mr. Hyde. He speaks for the Werewolf in us; the bully, the predatory shyster who turns into something unspeakable, full of claws and bleeding string-warts on nights when the moon comes too close…
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|Stop comparing yourself with anybody. Compare yourself with yourself, for yourself and by yourself. We are uniquely pottered and purposed by our maker!
Tayeb Salih, Season of Migration to the North|The blood of the setting sun suddenly spilled out on the western horizon like that of millions of people who have died in some violent war that has broken out between Earth and Heaven. Suddenly the war ended in defeat and all-embracing darkness descended and pervaded all four corners of the globe, wiping out the sadness and shyness that was in her eyes.
George Korankye, Die Laughing: War Humour From WW1 To Present Day|More grief to hide than hate to utter love. Polonius, Hamlet.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|Those who believe in telekinetics, raise my hand.
Sonya Sones|You see that old woman? That will never happen to you. You will never grow old, and you will never die.And it means something else too, doesn't it? I shall never ever grow up.
Deborah Blake, Wickedly Powerful|You know, like Prince Charming. Because you never know, maybe he's an enchanted prince under an evil spell."	"Life isn't a fairy tale, you know," Sam said.	"Wanna bet?" The teen smirked at him.
Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel|Clinton's hands remain incredibly clean, don't they, and Tony Blair's smile remains as wide as ever. I view these guises with profound contempt.
Sharron Angle|A slave government is an oligarchy; and one, too, of the most arbitrary and criminal character.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If you stay determined, the obstacles cannot stop your progress. You will triumph over every mountain.
Mike Nichols|When the Left agitates over government policies, it's considered righteous anger. When the Right - and much of the center - agitate, it's painted as the rantings of the criminally and violently insane.
James K.A. Smith, Desiring the Kingdom: Worship, Worldview, and Cultural Formation|It's not that we start with beliefs and doctrine and then come up with worship practices that properly "express" these (cognitive) beliefs; rather, we begin with worship, and articulated beliefs bubble up from there. "Doctrines" are the cognitive, theoretical articulation of what we "understand" when we pray.
Heather Anastasiu, Glitch|I wanted color. I wanted to soar with happiness even if it meant dealing with the weight of fear and guilt, too. I wanted to live.
Hermann Hesse, Steppenwolf|What for me is bliss and life and ecstasy and exaltation, the world in general seeks at most in imagination; in life it finds it absurd.
David C. Pollock|Believe it or not, philosophy has consequences.
F.K. Preston|What is infinity? I haven’t a clue.But maybe that’s the whole point I’ve been attempting to explain to you.The fact that it’s not knownOr seenOr heard.Infinity is every person, every being, every bird. Infinity is a simple mystery.It looks like a mystery.Tastes mysterious.Feels like something completely delirious. We cannot imagine what this sound could be.All we can imagine is infinity.
Dave Matthews|Tell me about yourself - your struggles, your dreams, your telephone number.
Jennifer Beckstrand, Kate's Song|Leo leaned forward and met her soft lips. Their first underwater kiss created bubbles that floated lazily to the surface. Audrey ran her fingers through his coarse hair, and they lingered until his lungs were bursting.
Jacob Bronowski, The Ascent of Man|It is important that students bring a certain ragamuffin, barefoot irreverence to their studies; they are not here to worship what is known, but to question it.
Paul Ryan|The first thing out of Fidel Castro's mouth to me, he looked me right in the eye and said, 'You're a man of great courage.'
Roy Moore|The great constitutional corrective in the hands of the people against usurpation of power, or corruption by their agents is the right of suffrage; and this when used with calmness and deliberation will prove strong enough.
Malcolm-Jamal Warner|The American attitude is 'We're the best'. That's why the NBA guys who come from other countries, the Europeans, all sort of stick together away from the game.
Kathy Bryson, Fighting Mad|A country road, a gravel road, is a sign of civilization, sure, but it’s just a farm, an easy conquest. Iron means a stronghold, people who can defend what’s theirs.
Suzy  Davies, Snugs The Snow Bear|A happy childhood can fortify one against the ravages of life, and part of that happiness is found in books, which become our constant companions for the rest of our lives.
Don Swann II|Like overzealous religious converts, climbers originally from the lower rungs of society tend to go overboard when they ape the upper class.
Debasish Mridha|You are the candle, love is the light, enlighten the mind, and heart with your empowering light.
Horace|For 50 years, nuclear power stations have produced three products which only a lunatic could want: bomb-explosive plutonium, lethal radioactive waste and electricity so dear it has to be heavily subsidised. They leave to future generations the task, and most of the cost, of making safe sites that have been polluted half-way to eternity.
William A. Dembski, Signs of Intelligence: Understanding Intelligent Design|Constrained optimization is the art of compromise between conflicting objectives. This is what design is all about. To find fault with biological design - as Stephen Jay Gould regularly does - because it misses some idealized optimum is therefore gratuitous. Not knowing the objectives of the designer, Gould is in no position to say whether the designer has proposed a faulty compromise among those objectives.
Faraaz Kazi|It is very strange to think back like this, although come to think of it, there is no fence or hedge round Time that has gone. You can go back and have what you like if you remember it well enough.
Maz Jobrani|All I wanted was for my mom to say, 'I love you, and I'm here for you.' I never got that.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|It's entirely possible that there are memories you have buried or repressed, memories formed when you were too young to have a conscious recollection of them, that Brother Jeremiah can reach. It could help us a great deal.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie|Today, we live in a vastly different world. The person more qualified to lead is not the physically stronger person. It is the more intelligent, the more knowledgeable, the more creative, more innovative. And there are no hormones for those attributes. A man is as likely as a woman to be intelligent, innovative, creative. We have evolved. But our ideas of gender have not evolved very much.
Lisa Edelstein|Well, the hardest thing to do, as we know from our own experience on 9/11 is protect everything all the time.
Marquis de Lafayette|It was patriotism, not communism, that inspired me.
Lance Weller, Wilderness|Oyster Tom said that they were not talking about people but about men. He agreed that most men remain accountable to themselves only, and that but poorly. He said that the proper chore of a man is to be chargeable for those and that dear to him and that this was something women understood and knew how to do without being told. It was a thing women looked for in their men, and this was why most women lived lives of bottomless sorrow.
Pat Riley|It was the best of times, it was the worst of times.
Karen   White, On Folly Beach|Mama?""Yes, Emmy."She traced a rivulet of rain with her finger as it made its journey down the glass. "How do you know when it's been long enough?"Emmy could sense her mother smiling into the phone. "When you relaize that love doesn't have a time span. Only pain does. I think sometimes it's hard to distinguish between the two, so we just hold on to both of them like they're inseparable.
Temitope Owosela|I’m interested in people’s darker side, the ones that aren’t easy and well balanced. The cracks.
Chelsea Clinton|Play like you're positive on the victory, even though they're leading big now.
Dominic Riccitello|You were a rhyme who mattered, a being who slipped all too often.
Peter Singer, Writings on an Ethical Life|Were we incapable of empathy – of putting ourselves in the position of others and seeing that their suffering is like our own – then ethical reasoning would lead nowhere. If emotion without reason is blind, then reason without emotion is impotent.
Philip K. Dick|It really seems to me that in the midst of great tragedy, there is always the horrible possibility that something terribly funny will happen.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Expect good things from people; they feel it. You never know who you are going to meet, and projecting approachability will open doors of opportunity for you that you may not have discovered otherwise.
Deyth Banger|It's it, it's them it really doesn't matter. The languages are complex, as far I can tell.
Cindi Madsen, An Officer and a Rebel|She'd gotten even prettier over the years.And now she was in his house.And he had no idea if this was the best thing to happen to him or the stupidest thing he'd ever done.Kelsey watched Nate go, thinking this might've been the worst decision she'd ever made. Okay, so it wasn't nearly as bad as that time she'd decided to go on the Sky Screamer at the amusement park when she was drunk.
Albert Schweitzer|Expect trouble as an inevitable part of life and repeat to yourself, the most comforting words of all; this, too, shall pass.
Alex Gino, George|Artists are never appreciated at lunchtime," Kelly mumbled as she stuffed her camera into her pocket.
Doris Mortman|Until you make peace with who you are, you'll never be content with what you have.
Diane Kruger|I'm for absolute autonomy of the individual, and an adult, competent woman has absolute autonomy. It's her choice.
D.S. Mashego|Your propensity to succeed in life is largely dependent on your understanding of the concept, your ability to discover your purpose, and your willingness to pursue and act on your purpose.
Theodore Dreiser, Sister Carrie|Carrie felt this as a personal reproof. She read "Dora Thorne," or had a great deal in the past. It seemed only fair to her, but she supposed that people thought it very fine. Now this clear- eyed, fine-headed youth, who looked something like a student to her, made fun of it. It was poor to him, not worth reading. She looked down, and for the first time felt the pain of not understanding.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Sometimes she could swear that she saw, in Joe Grey's eyes, a judgment far too perceptive, a watchfulness too aware and intense for any cat.Charlie didn't understand what it was about those two [cats]. Both had a presence that set them apart from other felines.Maybe she just knew them better. Maybe all cats had that quality of awareness, when you knew them.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Too often we let others stamp a price tag on us, and we accept their appraisal of our worth, forgetting we are in fact priceless.
Kahlil Gibran|When you are joyous, look deep into your heart and you shall find it is only that which has given you sorrow that is giving you joy. When you are sorrowful look again in your heart, and you shall see that in truth you are weeping for that which has been your delight.
George Burns|There's a darkness under 'The Hangover' because ultimately there's a missing person and it's not really that funny. There's a sort of darkness under it that I love, and still people are laughing as hard if not harder than they did in 'Old School.'
Dillon Burroughs, Thirst No More: A One-Year Devotional Journey|In our modern world, we often separate faith from practice. But the way of Jesus rejects this notion. Only living our faith offers the credibility to teach our faith. Anything less is less that the teachings of Christ.
Ellen DeGeneres|...if you want to add a little spice to your life, plant some dill. And learn to salsa.
Olaotan Fawehinmi|Loving is giving and being loved is receiving. Loving should not depend on being loved, but to all intents andpurposes, your commitment in a relationship is grossly expressed by how much of yourself you share with your partner.
Helmut Newton|A photograph is always invisible, it is not it that we see.
Jamie Farrell, Blissed|I'm fine," she said. "I'm just hiding from the Queen General and her latest poster boy.""The Queen General?" Which one of his sisters fit that description?More like which one didn't."Queen General Marilyn," his visitor said. "Supreme ruler of Bliss and chairperson of Knot Festival."The words 'Knot Festival' twisted CJ's stomach, and the room seemed to climb ten degrees hotter. He tugged at his bow tie. The woman kept talking...Marilyn rewrote the Golden Husband Games rules so her Exalted Widower is eligible to be named Husband of the Half Century. And you know what? He's the reason my husband left me.
Jenni Ferrari-Adler, Alone in the Kitchen with an Eggplant : Confessions of Cooking for One and Dining Alone|Our holiday food splurge was a small crate of tangerines, which we found ridiculously thrilling after an eight-month abstinence from citrus.... Lily hugged each one to her chest before undressing it as gently as a doll. Watching her do that as she sat cross-legged on the floor one morning in pink pajamas, with bliss lighting her cheeks, I thought: Lucky is the world, to receive this grateful child. Value is not made of money, but a tender balance of expectation and longing.
Cole Ryan|There’s a certain worth that can only be given to us by God. You see, if you think about it, worth has nothing to do with the object. Worth has everything to do with how much someone is willing to pay for the object. God paid for each and every one of us with His son’s life. That gives me chills. That makes us worth a lot.
Kate White, I Shouldn't Be Telling You This: Success Secrets Every Gutsy Girl Should Know|They want you to be the solution. Whoever is waiting in there for you—interviewer, examiner, casting agent—is hoping you are the answer to their search. Our fear or self-doubt can persuade us that those waiting in the room want us to fail, but that means you carry that closed or victim energy in. People get into the negative habit of preempting the worst-case scenario as a misplaced way of protecting themselves. Try to walk in instead with an ‘I can be the solution to your problem’ attitude. Not arrogant, just open. The rest is out of your hands, but the positivity in itself is empowering.
Dejan Stojanovic|When all is lost, there is still a memory.
Israelmore Ayivor|Positive words left unsaid are like sachets of currency notes burnt in vain. Positive deeds left undone are like deep wells filled with soil to the brim. Do the undone, say the unsaid and turn the unturned.
Ta-Nehisi Coates, Between the World and Me|The earthquake cannot be subpoenaed. The typhoon will not bend under indictment. They sent the killer of Prince Jones back to his work, because he was not a killer at all. He was a force of nature, the helpless agent of our world's physical laws.
Andrea Dworkin|There are women who take it to the wire. That's what they are looking for, the ultimate confrontation. They want a smack.
Visakha Dasi, Five Years, Eleven Months and a Lifetime of Unexpected Love: A Memoir|I saw that, although they were at the mercy of the sweltering heat, or the pains of aging or poverty, they could tolerate these because their faith gave them the hope of being united in spirit with a supernatural presence. I still denied that presence. My denial, I was realizing, was my armor; it allowed me to deflect a barrage of difficult questions. But it didn't answer those questions. It protected me from charlatans, yes, but it didn't fill my emptiness or give me direction. Doubt served a purpose, but it also prevented me from trusting anyone or anything. Without trust, how could I ever be happy?
Ansel Adams|Both the grand and the intimate aspects of nature can be revealed in the expressive photograph. Both can stir enduring affirmations and discoveries, and can surely help the spectator in his search for identification with the vast world of natural beauty and wonder surrounding him.
R.M. Jones|Mystical experiences do not necessarily supply new ideas to the mind, rather, they transform what one believes into what one knows, converting abstract concepts, such as divine love, into vivid, personal, realities.
Brendan Iribe|Science, literature, and common sense tell us that the self is a fickle thing, subject to revision in real time, and that the chasm that exists between any two people exists inside each and every one of us.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|I'm not in pursuit of happiness, I'm happiness in pursuit; ready to happen everywhere I go.
Rainer Maria Rilke, The Selected Poetry of Rainer Maria Rilke|Interior of the hand. Sole that has come to walkonly on feelings. That faces upwardand in its mirrorreceives heavenly roads, which travelalong themselves.That has learned to walk upon waterwhen it scoops,that walks upon wells,transfiguring every path.That steps into other hands,changes those that are like itinto a landscape:wanders and arrives within them,fills them with arrival.
Rachel Cusk, Transit|By walking on the right path, you create a golden fate for yourself and you also become a silver lining for the others!
William Wordsworth|Crave for a thing, you will get it. Renounce the craving, the object will follow you by itself.
Elizabeth Wein, Code Name Verity|Oh Julie, wouldn’t I know if you were dead? Wouldn’t I feel it happening, like a jolt of electricity to my heart?
Valerio K. Riley, From a Problem Child to Another: And for our Shepherd's|To help someone, is to understand them
Emily Matchar, Homeward Bound: Why Women are Embracing the New Domesticity|If women cut back on their ambitions en masse, institutional change will never happen and the glass ceiling will lower. We need to be there to demand equal pay, mandatory maternity leave, more human hours. Leaving the “dirty work” of working to the men is a way of muffling our own voices.
Dan Harrington, Harrington on Hold 'em: Expert Strategy for No-Limit Tournaments, Volume I: Strategic Play|All serious poker players try to minimize their tells, obviously. There are a couple ways to go about this. One is the robotic approch: where your face becomes a mask and your voice a monotone, at least while the hand is being played. . . . The other is the manic method, where you affect a whole bunch of tics, twitches, and expressions, and mix them up with a river of insane babble. The idea is to overwhelm your opponents with clues, so they can't sort out what's going on. This approach can be effective, but for normal people it's hard to pull off. (If you've spent part of your life in an institution, this method may come naturally.)
Wulf Francú Godgluck, Of Gods and Monsters: Menoetius|Her intensity often surprises and mystifies the people within the Warrior Princess Submissive's circle of associates. They will occasionally forget how deeply she feels and believes in her causes and, as a result, suddenly find themselves being pummeled in a debate that they hadn't expected, nor wanted.
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr.|The Arctic is a place that historically, during all preceding human history, has largely been an icy realm with an impact on ocean currents. That, in turn, influences the temperature of the planet. The Arctic is now vulnerable because of the excess carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, with a rate of melting that is stunning.
Wilhelm Reich, American Odyssey: Letters & Journals, 1940-1947|I can imagine no greater catastrophe than if I were mistaken, and the theory were correct that what I consider secondary instincts or drives are actually primary instincts! Because in that case the emotional plague would rest upon the support of a natural law while its archenemies, truth and sociality, would be relying upon unfounded ethics. Until now both lies and truth have taken recourse to ethics. But only lies have profited because they were able to appear under the guise of truth. Under these circumstances, egoism, theft, petty selfishness, slander, etc., would be the natural rule. (26.july.1943)
Hubert Martin|We are the living whole of the fragments from the things we've experienced and people we've encountered. Each interaction changes us in a subtle or massive way. The masterpiece we are sheds it's weathered skin, becoming even more than it was before.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When you are walking on water it is fear, not sharks, that sinks you.
Joyce Carol Oates, Foxfire: Confessions of a Girl Gang|The strangeness of Time. Not in its passing, which can seem infinite, like a tunnel whose end you can't see, whose beginning you've forgotten, but in the sudden realization that something finite, has passed, and is irretrievable.
Lou Diamond Phillips|Unless India stands up to the world, no one will respect us. In this world, fear has no place. Only strength respects strength.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Money is a great asset, talent is an extraordinary asset, and courage is an exceptional asset.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, The Essays of Ralph Waldo Emerson|We, as we read, must become Greeks, Romans, Turks, priest and king, martyr and executioner; must fasten these images to some reality in our secret experience, or we shall learn nothing rightly.
Orson Pratt|We don't need new taxes. We need new taxpayers, people that are gainfully employed, making money and paying into the tax system. And then we need a government that has the discipline to take that additional revenue and use it to pay down the debt and never grow it again.
Anderson Paak|For me, most writing consists of siphoning out useless pre-story matter, cutting and cutting and cutting, what seems to be endless rewriting, and what is entailed in all that is patience, and waiting, and false starts, and dead ends, and really, in a way, nerve.
Hubert Martin|The flicker, the flutter, even thoughts can stutter.
Awdhesh Singh, Good and Evil: Two Sides of the Same Coin|Love can be simply stated to be the desire of the human being to integrate oneself with other selves in such a way that one starts feeling the pain and pleasure of another person as if of one’s own. Hatred can be defined as just the opposite – to derive pleasure in the pain of others, while feeling unhappy seeing others happy
Dada Bhagwan|Gnan (knowledge of the Self) can never become agnan (knowledge other than the self, of relative world). It is called agnan only when the focused applied awareness of the Self changes.
Matshona Dhliwayo|In a crowd do not lose your individuality, and in your individuality do not lose the crowd.
Tom Magliozzi, Car Talk Science: Mit Wants Its Diplomas Back|Only in comedy, by the way, does an obedient white girl from the suburbs count as diversity
Olga Núñez Miret, Teamwork|The Truth is different than human truths; they are like LIGHT.Truths are like a color, absolute and true, while THE TRUTH is all colors and still colorless; the duality of Truth.
Alexandra Robbins, The Geeks Shall Inherit the Earth: Popularity, Quirk Theory and Why Outsiders Thrive After High School|This constant mental diatribe and the frustrations, worries, insecurities and muscular tension that ensues are the self.
Bianca Jagger|In a war, you must hate somebody or love somebody; you must have a position or you cannot stand what goes on.
James Windell, A Widow's Guide to Healing: Gentle Support and Advice for the First 5 Years|After the death of a parent, children will typically start to worry about your safety as their mother, so they will need extra reassurance from you.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|...the literary manifestation of the mind-body dichotomy that dominates today's culture: the split between the "serious" and the "entertaining" - the belief that if a literary work is "serious," it must bore people to death; and if it is "entertaining," it must not communicate anything of importance. (Which means that "the good" has to be painful, and that pleasure has to be mindlessly low-grade.)
Colleen Atwood|I think a lot of people overlook the importance of the menu as a marketing tool and a way of communicating to the customer what the ambition of their restaurant is. Not only the typeface and the design, but what is it printed on? Is it cheap-looking? Is it the right kind of paper for that restaurant?
Neil Abramson, Just Life|Because…” Gabriel closed his eyes to his truth. Because the premise that a child must be threatened with harm to earn God’s blessing is no longer acceptable to me; because that smug face cannot be the face of my God; because a rejecting and shaming God is a God of men created by men to serve the agendas of men; because I couldn’t find any stained glass window maker who is able to capture the face of the God I want to see—the God of hope, of compassion, of acceptance.
Aimee Bender, The Color Master: Stories|And in it all, the sensation of shaking my fists at the sky, shaking my fists high up to the sky, because that is what we do when someone dies too early, too beautiful, too undervalued by the world, or sometimes just at all -- we shake our fists at the big, beautiful, indifferent sky, and the anger is righteous and strong and helpless and huge. I shook and I shook, and I put all of it into the dress.
Jeff Dixon - Storming the Kingdom|All of our lives are a living, breathing story, and each heartbeat means a new page has been turned; chapters don't close, they continue.
Charlotte Perkins Gilman|[The Yellow Wallpaper] was not intended to drive people crazy, but to save people from being driven crazy, and it worked.
Derek Landy, Skulduggery Pleasant|He put on his hat and wrapped his scarf around his jaw, but did without the wig and the sunglasses. He clicked his key chain and the car beeped and the doors locked."That's it?"He looked up. "Sorry?""Aren't you afraid it might get stolen? We're not exactly in a good part of town.""It's got a car alarm.""Don't you, like, cast a spell or something? To keep it safe?""No. It's a pretty good car alarm.
Sarah Dunant, In the Company of the Courtesan|If grace belongs to God, there are those who say that luck belongs to the Devil and that he looks after his own.
Louise Hawes, The Language of Stars|It was like diving into winter waves. "I can't," I told him."Why not?""Because I need to find out who I am by myself before I can be with anyone else.
Ben Affleck|From what I've been able to determine, many of our big stars are addicted to tobacco. They want to smoke in movies for the same reason I smoked as I wrote, which is that they think their performance is going to be better.
Adam Ross|'Park Avenue: Money, Power and the American Dream' is an intentionally angry film. How could it not be when the chance of an infant dying is five times greater on the Bronx Park Avenue than on Manhattan's Park Avenue just across the Harlem River?
Sara Humphreys, Trouble Walks In|I'm still a little hungry." She shot a sly glance at Ronan before tangling her fingers in his. "Not quite sure what I want, though.""Could've fooled me," Ronan murmured.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|When a pebble is thrown into a lake, everything, down to the furthermost depths, moves with it. ... And if, afterwards, everything seems as it was, the level of the lake has none the less been raised by imperceptible, incalculable degree. The old order has been overthrown -- by a pebble.
Karen Quan, Write like no one is reading 2|We'll meet again, but you're a lifetime away, and I need you now.
Ken Kesey, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest|To Vik Lovell who told me dragons did not exist, then led me to their lairs ...
Howie Mandel|I often have said that to be a college president, you need a thick skin, a good sense of humor, and nerves like sewer pipes.
George Orwell, 1984|If you want a vision of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face--forever.
Steven Magee|Ever theatrical, Jackie also viewed the home as a grand set: a malleable, working stage on which to play out the daily sketches of life...
Stephen King, Duma Key|Man is a culture, nothing but a culture! Question your culture! Just like monkeys picking lice from their skin, get rid of the stupidities in your culture!
Zakir Naik|Al-Qur'an is not a book of Science, ‘S-C-I-E-N-C-E’ but a book of Signs ‘S-I-G-N-S
Henry Winterfeld, Detectives in Togas|Miss Howard: Like a good detective story myself. Lots of nonsense written, though. Criminal discovered in last Chapter. Everyone dumbfounded. Real crime - you'd know at once.
Chris Pine|For a lot of the time I was in Berkeley, I was single. I was living in a kind of collegiate apartment by myself - it was like a protracted summer vacation. So at least in hindsight, I have gloomy emotions attached to Berkeley, whereas I started coming to New York because I was dating someone, and it was very exciting and romantic.
Kristina McMorris, Bridge of Scarlet Leaves|The line between him and the enemy had simultaneously blurred and solidified. Somehow, while perhaps it shouldn't have, this thought provided a strange sense of peace.
Hope Bradford, Oracle of Compassion: The Living Word of Kuan Yin|First, we must see that our negative actions arise due to prejudice and erroneous judgments. The discrimination that labels some as 'friends' and others as 'enemies' must be perceived as the root of our problems. We need to see that we label people and things in terms of our own desires, our own wishes. These wishes are transitory. The labeled objects are, themselves, impermanent. Such labeling is therefore very confused and false, yet it persists, and we continue to create suffering for ourselves. To avoid this, we need to develop equanimity for all beings suffering in samsara, tossed to and fro by their fleeting delusions, just like ourselves.
Zack Love, The Doorman|The sudden halt of all touches and movements made Lorenz look up. “Vha…whas ist…What’s wrong?” Lorenz stammered, trying to focus so he could speak properly. Cyrus blinked his eyes. “Hmm? Nothing’s wrong. I’m just admiring how beautiful you are.” Both Lorenz’s hands moved to cover his face. He was clearly embarrassed by what his vampire was saying.
Thomas Hardy, Far from the Madding Crowd|Being popular or not, having company or being alone, are not issues of concern for the developed soul.
Albert Einstein, The World As I See It|The pursuit of knowledge for its own sake, an almost fanatical love of justice and the desire for personal independence -- these are the features of the Jewish tradition which make me thank my stars that I belong to it.
Jenelle Joanne Ramsami|Though the Son of Man expressed His federation with humanity, He was very careful to note that He was like man in all things save sin. He challenged His hearers to convict Him of sin. But the consequences of sin were all His as the Son of Man. Hence the prayer to let the chalice pass; His endurance of hunger and thirst; His agony and bloody sweat; perhaps even His seeming older than He actually was; His condescension to wash the feet of His disciples; His absence of resentment as the swine-owning capitalists ordered Him from their shores; His endurance of false charges of being a winebibber, a glutton; His gentleness, which expressed itself in hiding when His enemies would have stoned Him; above all, His endurance of worry, anxiety, fear, pain, mental anguish, fever, hunger, thirst, and agony during the hours of His Passion-all these things were to inspire men to imitate the Son of Man. Nothing that was human was foreign to Him.
Enzo Ferrari|I've spent a long time giving people the benefit of the doubt, and I'm tired of it.
Jane Lovering, The Art of Christmas|There is an instinctive withdrawal for the sake of preservation, a closure that assumes the order of completion. Winter is a season unto itself.
John Zimmerman|I loved the house the way you would any new house, because it is populated by your future, the family of children who will fill it with noise or chaos and satisfying busy pleasures.
Faithful Akpaloo|You don't pray for the growth and success of the organization you work for, but you pray God favours you before your boss.Really?
Sarah Shun-lien Bynum, Madeleine is Sleeping|That was one other time when my whole body reacted to the fear and went out of my own control. My nerves came apart completely, and I started vomiting and vomiting. I couldn't stop. It had been such a narrow escape. I kept telling myself that I could take all of the pressure; but there were those times that my body seemed almost to shut itself down, to scream that what was happening was just too much.
Joe Lo Truglio|It is really quite amazing that all of the folks supporting privatization, from the president on down, keep invoking the name of my grandfather, Franklin Delano Roosevelt.
Dennis Liggio, Burning Monday|And most of the time, when you're young and dumb - you know everything! Charles Freeman Lee bebop pianist and trumpeter
Charlene Costanzo, The Twelve Gifts for Healing|But the healing place is within you. Healing is a gift you were granted at birth, just as you were granted others. Use your gifts, child. Use the beauty, the courage, the hope and the love that is in you. Call upon your strength. Use compassion and faith. Even during sad times joy is within you. Bring it forth. Wisdom is there to guide you. Use any one of your gifts and you will rouse the power of your healing place. Use all of them and you will sustain it.
Runaway Bunny|There was this movie that I would watch with her all the time, some stupid chick flick, and it had this opening line that would always make her catch her breath. 'I remember it hurt. Looking at her hurt', and I now realize that it was true. Every day I looked at her, it hurt. Hurt so much, because she was dying, and I couldn't help her.
Debasish Mridha|When you hate something for twenty years, you get to know it well.
Laini Taylor, Dreams of Gods & Monsters|Happiness wasn't a mystical place to be reached or won--some bright terrain beyond the boundary of misery, a paradise waiting for them to find it--but something to carry doggedly with you through everything, as humble and ordinary as your gear and supplies.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|At some point in life every person encounters haunting feelings of loneliness, because the feeling of being alone and withdrawing deeply into the inner self is part of the human condition. A person might choose to countenance or even cultivate their loneliness and turn the poignant hours of unerring solitude into poetry of their soul.
Louis-Ferdinand Céline, Journey to the End of the Night|All medieval and classic cultures of the ancient world, including those on which Tolkien modeled his elves, routinely exposed their young and marriageable women to the fortunes of war, because bearing and raising the next generation of warriors is not needed for equality-loving elves. 	Equality-loving elves. Who are monarchists. With a class system. Of ranks. 	Battles are more fun when attractive young women are dismembered and desecrated by goblins! I believe that this is one point where C.S. Lewis, J.R.R. Tolkien, and all Christian fantasy writers from before World War Two were completely agreed upon, and it is a point necessary in order correctly to capture the mood and tone and nuance of the medieval romances or Norse sagas such writers were straining their every artistic nerve and sinew to create. 	So, wait, we have an ancient and ageless society of elves where the virgin maidens go off to war, but these same virgin maidens must abide by the decision of their father or liege lord for permission to marry? -- The Desolation of Tolkien
Thomas Carlyle|We never know the journey another person has walked, so be kind to everyone.
William Lane Craig|The single greatest cultural contribution of postmodernity is that it eliminates the presumption of intellectual neutrality that modernity automatically associated with skeptical rationalism. (...) It shows, not that truth is socially constructed, but that the uniquely human act of bearing witness to the truth is always a moral as well as an intellectual or empirical or noetic act.
Drexel Deal, The Fight of My Life is Wrapped Up in My Father|You have to respect a person for what he can do, and you can’t judge him to the fella who shoots ten people who feels nothing, goes to jail and come out and shoots ten more. You have to make people feel that whatever you are good at, we appreciate and respect you for that. Scrooge, former leader of the Rebellion Raiders street gang that once boasted of having some ten thousand membersRespecting people, coaching, gang recruitment, gang membership, gang leaders, street code, street life, gang involvement, team members, self-esteem, self-confidence, feeling respected, feeling wanted, feeling good feeling apart, Rebellions-Raiders, Rebellion RaidersYou have to respect a person for what he can do, and you can’t judge him to the fella who shoots ten people who feels nothing, goes to jail and come out and shoots ten more. You have to make people feel that whatever you are good at, we appreciate and respect you for that. Scrooge, former leader of the Rebellion Raiders street gang that once boasted of having some ten thousand members
Katherine Center, Everyone Is Beautiful|That was the tricky part. You poured inordinate amounts of time and attention and affection into your kids, but the result was indirect. You didn't point out a cat to your one-year-old and then watch him, minutes later, say 'Cat.' Instead, you pointed out a hundred cats to your one-year-old and then, one day, watched him point to a cat and say 'Mama.
Sunday Adelaja|Men after the heart of God become the moral conscience, the guidance and custodians of justice, not simply in the security of the four walls of their church
Joe Penny|I enjoy punk, the attitude as well as the music, but I don't feel like I have to be a carbon copy of it and invite all this controversy just to be punk rock.
Essa Alam|Sometimes its better to take the stairs because till the time the other person opens the door of the elevator, you reach your destination.
Joyce Giraud|Man must evolve for all human conflict a method which rejects revenge, aggression and retaliation. The foundation of such a method is love.
Mehmet Oz|I try to not eat as much sugar, but it's so hard in our American diet to do that... It's hard to completely avoid.
Izaak Walton|My business is to teach my aspirations to confirm themselves to fact, not to try and make facts harmonize with my aspirations.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, Wind, Sand and Stars|Where mermaids live looks a bit like your pool.' said Bernard. 'Except they build houses out of whale bones and the wreckage of sunken ships. They play chess with seahorses. They wear capes of fish scales and sleep on beds made from seaweed.'As we listened, I thought I heard a slight splashing from the far end of the pool.'At night,' Bernard continued, 'they turn on an electric eel for a night-light, and they light a fire, and the smoke goes up a chimney made from coral.''Wait a minute,' interupted Zoe, clearly immersed in Bernard's description. 'If they live underwater, how could they have a fire?''You should ask them,' said Bernard.Zoe and I open our eyes.Now, look, I know the light was just playing tricks on us. And I know we'd all probably inhaled too much sequin glue. But for the briefest moment, the blue of Zoe's pool gave way to deeper, darker aqua-colored water. The few plants and rocks were replaced with a lagoon and a waterfall where several mermaids lounged half in the water, half in the sun. They splashed and dove, their laughter making the same sound as the water.
Ayaan Hirsi Ali, Infidel|Many well-meaning Dutch people have told me in all earnestness that nothing in Islamic culture incites abuse of women, that this is just a terrible misunderstanding. Men all over the world beat their women, I am constantly informed. In reality, these Westerners are the ones who misunderstand Islam. The Quaran mandates these punishments. It gives a legitimate basis for abuse, so that the perpetrators feel no shame and are not hounded by their conscience of their community. I wanted my art exhibit to make it difficult for people to look away from this problem. I wanted secular, non-Muslim people to stop kidding themselves that "Islam is peace and tolerance.
Flannery O'Connor, Mystery and Manners: Occasional Prose|I still suspect that most people start out with some kind of ability to tell a story but that it gets lost along the way. Of course, the ability to create life with words is essentially a gift. If you have it in the first place, you can develop it; if you don't have it, you might as well forget it.But I have found that people who don't have it are frequently the ones hell-bent on writing stories. I'm sure anyway that they are the ones who write the books and the magazine articles on how-to-write-short-stories. I have a friend who is taking a correspondence course in this subject, and she has passed a few of the chapter headings on to me—such as, "The Story Formula for Writers," "How to Create Characters," "Let's Plot!" This form of corruption is costing her twenty-seven dollars.
Michael Salter, Organised  Sexual Abuse|Some readers may find it a curious or even unscientific endeavour to craft a criminological model of organised abuse based on the testimony of survivors. One of the standard objections to qualitative research is that participants may lie or fantasise in interview, it has been suggested that adults who report severe child sexual abuse are particularly prone to such confabulation. Whilst all forms of research, whether qualitative or quantitative, may be impacted upon by memory error or false reporting. there is no evidence that qualitative research is particularly vulnerable to this, nor is there any evidence that a fantasy— or lie—prone individual would be particularly likely to volunteer for research into child sexual abuse. Research has consistently found that child abuse histories, including severe and sadistic abuse, are accurate and can be corroborated (Ross 2009, Otnow et al. 1997, Chu et al. 1999). Survivors of child abuse may struggle with amnesia and other forms of memory disturbance but the notion that they are particularly prone to suggestion and confabulation has yet to find a scientific basis. It is interesting to note that questions about the veracity of eyewitness evidence appear to be asked far more frequently in relation to sexual abuse and rape than in relation to other crimes. The research on which this book is based has been conducted with an ethical commitment to taking the lives and voices of survivors of organised abuse seriously.
E.L. Konigsburg, From the Mixed-Up Files of Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler|Happiness is excitement that has found a settling down place, but there is always a little corner that keeps flapping around.
P.J. O'Brien, Will Rogers: Ambassador Of Good Will, Prince Of Wit And Wisdom|Ultimately a regulation is a signal of design failure...it is what we call a license to harm: a permit issued by a government to an industry so that it may dispense sickness, destruction, and death at an "acceptable" rate.
Katie MacAlister, Sex, Lies and Vampires|…We were born vampires.""I thought you became –""— vampires by being bitten? Dear me, no. Oh, we can turn people into vampires, it’s an easy technique, but what would be the point? When you eat… now what is it you eat? Oh yes, chocolate… you don’t want to turn it into another Agnes Nitt, do you? Less chocolate to go around."He sighed. "Oh dear, superstition, superstition everywhere we turn.
Jimmy Iovine|I follow cool. When I went up to see Steve Jobs, I said, 'The party's at this guy's house.'
Owen Jones|If we want kids with 'aspiration', we need to give them something to aspire to.
Thich Nhat Hanh|Letting go takes a lot of courage sometimes. But once you let go, happiness comes very quickly. You won't have to go around search for it.
Peter Lynch|We went through this business of me writing out all the parts for these old songs from Gravity and Speechless and we'd been performing that, but we don't do that any more.
Douglas Adams, The Restaurant at the End of the Universe|Perhaps he even needs to have been a critic and a sceptic and a dogmatist and an historian, and in addition a poet and collector and traveller and puzzle-solver and moralist and seer and ‘free spirit’ and nearly all things, so that he can traverse the range of human values and value-feelings and be able to look with many kinds of eyes and consciences from the heights into every distance, from the depths into every height, from the corners into every wide expanse.
Max Lucado, Grace for the Moment|Meditation is the only intentional, systematic human activity which at bottom is about not trying to improve yourself or get anywhere else, but simply to realize where you already are.
Megyn Kelly, Settle for More|But if something that was good morphs into something that's not good - and is not changing back - one has to stay conscious of that too. Settling for more is not an endgame - it's an active process. It means staying aware of one's surroundings, because "more" is a fluid concept. Life changes, and requires that we change too.
Rainn Wilson|Religious humor is not really my area, so I probably wouldn't do anything about that, or politics or something.
Charles Martin, When Crickets Cry|Strength of character comes from being hit by stray verbal stones, while protecting discarded ciphers in the snow.
Herophilus|I run because if I didn’t, I’d be sluggish and glum and spend too much time on the couch. I run to breathe the fresh air. I run to explore. I run to escape the ordinary. I run…to savor the trip along the way. Life becomes a little more vibrant, a little more intense. I like that.
John Irving, The Cider House Rules|When time passes, it's the people who knew you whom you want to see; they're the ones you can talk to. When enough time passes, what's it matter what they did to you?
Albert Camus, The Stranger|If something is going to happen to me, I want to be there.
Lisi Harrison, Monster High|The articles were extremely eye-opening. Not just in Teen Vogue but in Seventeen and CosmoGirl as well. They were all about being yourself, staying natural, loving your body as is, and going green! The messages were the exact opposite of Vik and Viv's.Hmmmmm. Frankie turned to face the full-length mirror that was up against the yellow wardrobe. She opened her robe and examined her body. Fit, muscular, and exquisitely proportioned, she agreed with the magazines. So what if her skin was mint? Or her limbs were attached with seams? According to the magazines, which were - no offense! - way more in touch with the times than her parents were, she was suppose to love her body just the way it was. And she did! Therefor if the normies read magazines (which obviously they did, because they were in them), then they would love her, too. Natural was in.Besides she was Daddy's perfect little girl. And who didn't love perfect?
Dada Bhagwan|This world is not without causes. There is Moksha [ultimate liberation] when one’s causes stops. There is Moksha where everyone's 'claim' is completed. Without a cause, effect does not happen.
Ryū Murakami|There were little girls who would snuggle up to any grown man and try to guide his hand inside their underwear, and there were kids who compulsively bit their own arms. Kids who would suddenly start twitching and banging their heads against a wall, not even stopping when the blood ran down their faces. Kids who waddled around oblivious to the stinking load in their own pants. Watching children like this, it was all too easy to see why their parents beat them. It was only natural to hate such kids, to ignore them and shower only your other children with love. Who wouldn't? But of course that wasn't the way it really worked. Such behaviors weren't the reasons parents abused children, but the results of abuse. Children are powerless. No matter how viciously they're beaten, children were powerless to do anything about it. Even if Mother hit them with a shoehorn or the hose of a vacuum cleaner or the handle of a kitchen knife, or strangled them or poured boiling water on them, they couldn't escape her; they couldn't even truly despise her. Children would struggle desperately to feel love for their parents. Rather than hate a parent, in fact, they'd choose to hate themselves. Love and violence became so intertwined for them that when they grew up and got into relationships, only hysteria could set their hearts at ease. Kindness, gentleness - anything along those lines just caused tension, since there was no telling when it would turn to overt hostility.
Vince Vaughn|I became a novelist because of 'Gone With the Wind,' or more precisely, my mother raised me up to be a 'Southern' novelist, with a strong emphasis on the word 'Southern' because 'Gone With the Wind' set my mother's imagination ablaze when she was a young girl growing up in Atlanta.
Maggie Stiefvater, Forever|Voicemail #1: “Hi, Isabel Culpeper. I am lying in my bed, looking at the ceiling. I am mostly naked. I am thinking of … your mother. Call me.”Voicemail #2: The first minute and thirty seconds of “I’ve Gotta Get a Message to You” by the Bee Gees. Voicemail #3: “I’m bored. I need to be entertained. Sam is moping. I may kill him with his own guitar. It would give me something to do and also make him say something. Two birds with one stone! I find all these old expressions unnecessarily violent. Like, ring around the rosy. That’s about the plague, did you know? Of course you did. The plague is, like, your older cousin. Hey, does Sam talk to you? He says jack shit to me. God, I’m bored. Call me.”Voicemail #4: “Hotel California” by the Eagles, in its entirety, with every instance of the word California replaced with Minnesota. Voicemail #5: “Hi, this is Cole St. Clair. Want to know two true things? One, you’re never picking up this phone. Two, I’m never going to stop leaving long messages. It’s like therapy. Gotta talk to someone. Hey, you know what I figured out today? Victor’s dead. I figured it out yesterday, too. Every day I figure it out again. I don’t know what I’m doing here. I feel like there’s no one I can —”Voicemail #6: “So, yeah, I’m sorry. That last message went a little pear-shaped. You like that expression? Sam said it the other day. Hey, try this theory on for size: I think he’s a dead British housewife reincarnated into a Beatle’s body. You know, I used to know this band that put on fake British accents for their shows. Boy, did they suck, aside from being assholes. I can’t remember their name now. I’m either getting senile or I’ve done enough to my brain that stuff’s falling out. Not so fair of me to make this one-sided, is it? I’m always talking about myself in these things. So, how are you, Isabel Rosemary Culpeper? Smile lately? Hot Toddies. That was the name of the band. The Hot Toddies.”Voicemail #20: “I wish you’d answer.
Alphonse Karr, A Tour Round My Garden|We can complain because rose bushes have thorns, or rejoice because thorns have roses.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The living WORD, medicine for the soul.
Dalai Lama XIV, How to Practice: The Way to a Meaningful Life|He told me that while he was in a Chinese Communist gulag for almost eighteen years, he faced danger on a few occasions. I thought he was referencing a threat to his own life. But when I asked, "What danger?" he answered, "Losing compassion toward the Chinese.
Magda Alexander, Storm Damages|An image pops into my head of Gabriel Storm in my bed, his golden skin sheened with sweat while I ride him to paradise. Oh. My. God. Where did that come from? I’ve sworn to stay away from men.
Christina Engela, Dead Beckoning|The Hammer was a hard man, a smart man too, and he took pride in always having a plan ‘b’. For those troubling occasions when plan ‘b’ didn’t work, he would strive to also have a plan ‘c’ in place. In short, he was the kind of man who always had something up his sleeve besides his funny bone. The pilot, his trusted second man gave him a worried look. “What do we do now?
Ludwig von Mises, Liberalism|Where there is poverty, there will be destruction and exploitation by the corporations and governments benefitting from destroying our rainforests and trafficking wildlife.﻿
Oswald Chambers, My Utmost for His Highest|So, Mr. Mandrake, what is it you plan to do with me this evening?” I asked haughtily. “I presume,” he said, playing along, “that I will start with feeding you proper and then proceed with more…pestiferous acts.”I smiled through the confusion. I’d have to look up that word later.
Dan Brown|Of all the lessons most relevant to architecture today, Japanese flexibility is the greatest.
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|You know, there’s no pleasure like the joy of being a sexual woman. You can take your careers, your money, your houses and possessions, and you go and throw them in a lake. Because life is really all about sex. That’s what I keep learning, again and again. It’s the most important thing, woven into the very centre of life. And I just know I was put on this earth to be a sexual woman, and to explore as much about sex as I can.
Denis Waitley|It's time to say goodbye, but I think goodbyes are sad and I'd much rather say hello. Hello to a new adventure.
Rachel Caine, Fall of Night|Oh, I know that she's disgusted,cause she's feeling so abused.She gets tired of the lust,but it's so hard to refuse.
Orji Uzor Kalu|A good businessman must have nose for business the same way a journalist has nose for news. In places where people see a lot of obstacles, I see a lot of opportunities. A good businessman sees where others don’t see.
Ed Williams, Sex, Dead Dogs, And Me: The Juliette Journals|...Falon sucked hard on her straw and swallowed. “You haven’t mentioned a girlfriend or a wife.” “That’s because I don’t have one.” Haley touched the tip of her nose with her finger. “Whew, I’m feeling good. I should drink more often. My ex left me a year ago for someone else,” she admitted and giggled. “I’ve been surviving on a steady diet of hate and loathing.” Falon raised her cup. “Whatever works, right?” “Yeah, I guess,” Haley agreed with a shrug and a grin. “She always complained that I wouldn’t allow myself to be exciting. Look at me now, though, I’m stranded in another country with no money or passport, wearing shorts with sea turtles on them with no underwear. I’m drunk with someone I don’t know who could very well kill me in my sleep.” The empty cup dropped from her hand onto the floor as her head lolled back against the chair. “I’m fucking exciting now.
Leonce de Grandmaison|O Holy Spirit, give me a simple heart which will not retire within itself to savor its own sorrows, a heart magnanimous in giving itself, easily moved to compassion, a faithful, generous heart, which does not forget any favor received nor hold resentment for any injuries done to it.
Io Sakisaka|No gimmicks, only agape.
Abhijit Naskar, The Art of Neuroscience in Everything|A fulfilling long-term relationship is not accomplished by just finding the one. It is rather a co-operation between two passionate and highly motivated partners working together, figuring out every single situation holding hands. If there is trust at the root of the relationship, if the partners make an effort to keep it interesting, if difficulties are handled tactfully and if you can appreciate every single deed of your partner no matter how insignificant it is, the flames of love would never burn out and your love can truly live happily ever after.
William Blake, The Marriage of Heaven and Hell|The Prophets Isaiah and Ezekiel dined with me, and I asked them how they dared so roundly to assert, that God spoke to them; and whether they did not think at the time, that they would be misunderstood, & so be the cause of imposition.Isaiah answer'd, I saw no God, nor heard any, in a finite organical perception; but my senses discover'd the infinite in every thing, and as I was then persuaded, & remain confirm'd; that the voice of honest indignation is the voice of God, I cared not for consequences but wrote.
John Ortberg|God says, 'I will measure my people by the one standard that counts. It’s very simple. Are people hungry? Feed them. Are people sick? Help them. Are people oppressed? Stick up for them. Are the widows lonely? Visit them. Are there uneducated children? Teach them. Are people rejected because of the color of their skin? Befriend them.'The widow of Zarephath fed Elijah even though she had but a handful of flour and a little oil in a jug. (1 Kings 17:7–24) In this story she is recklessly generous. She gives the last of what she has to Elijah.We should all pause occasionally to ask if we are living with that kind of generous spirit. Maybe we have an abundance of oil and flour in our jars. Maybe we only have a little. Maybe we have a huge flour jar, or perhaps a very small one. No matter what we have, we can still learn to live with a generous spirit.
Joseph Campbell, The Hero's Journey: Joseph Campbell on His Life & Work|Just as anyone who listens to the muse will hear, you can write out of your own intention or out of inspiration. There is such a thing. It comes up and talks. And those who have heard deeply the rhythms and hymns of the gods, can recite those hymns in such a way that the gods will be attracted.
J. Tillman|You want people to feel something when you tell a story, whether they feel happy or whether they feel sad.
Erin Kellison, Shadow Touched|You're not alone."	Ellie snorted through her tears. "I'm never alone.
Orson Scott Card, Ender in Exile|What?" The dread in her tone told Rob she knew what. "How much longer?""Thirty seconds."She laughed with a panicked urgency. "I just tried to nod. I can't feel my body, but I keep reaching for it, you know?"Rob nodded, feeling guilty he was able to."How about this? I'll just tell you when I'm nodding, or shaking my head, or punching you.""Oh, no," Rob laughed, "are you planning on punching me often?""We'll see."Rob couldn't help glancing at the timer, though he knew it would only make Winter more aware of what was about to happen. Seven seconds."I keep expecting this to get easier, taht it will start to feel as if I'm going to sleep. But it doesn't. Maybe it's not possible to get used to dying."Rob reached out to comfort her, then remembered it was forbidden and drew back. If not for the surveillance, Rob would have reached under the silver cover and taken her hand, cold and stiff as it would have been.
Gift Gugu Mona|Since we aim for a healthy life for all, we should teach young girls that their worth can't be validated by dating older rich men, because that is risky for their health. Until we change certain perceptions in society, we will keep fighting the same battles.
Pete Wentz, The Boy With The Thorn In His Side|He sang “I wish I weren’t me” over and over again just flat of the key of love until he forgot the words and could only hum along. Everyday was the same. The same stupid smile on the same stupid boy. Until the days blurred into a haze and the boy dropped into a depression. Not a cool dark room and cigarette depression like the songs he loved, but one that felt like he was being smothered by a safe, suburban, monotonous blanket. Everything felt like a headache to the boy. Every face, every stupid stuttered sentence all wrapped up into the biggest headache ever. So the boy took an aspirin. And another and another and then went to sleep, lullabyed by hopes he would never wake up to.
Rose Wynters, My Wolf Protector|If, in all that you wish to do, you begin by asking yourself: am I certain that I would wish to do this an infinite number of times? This should be for you the most solid centre of gravity . . . My doctrine says, the task is to live your life in such a way that you must wish to live it again - for you will anyway! If striving gives you the highest feeling, then strive! If rest gives you the highest feeling, then rest! If fitting in, following and obeying give you the highest feeling, then obey! Only make sure you come to know what gives you the highest feeling, and then spare no means. Eternity is at stake! This doctrine is mild in its treatment of those who do not believe in it. It has neither hell nor threats. But anyone who does not believe merely lives a fugitive life in the consciousness of it.
Michaelson Williams|Pessimistic thoughts will only yield trees unwilling to bear edible fruit. Optimistic thinking will always feed those who are willing to sit at your table".
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|Using the voice is a physical act, one that first announces the existence of the body of residence and then trumpets its arrival in a public space.
Nicholas Notarberardino, The Economics of Sovereignty: A Citizen's Guide to Saving America|Because of the collapsing economy of America, it is nearly a mathematical certainty that this ship will soon flounder.
McCall Hoyle, The Thing with Feathers|Morino: What does the kidnapper do with those things?Yuka: Those things?Morino: You know, the stinky things with four legs that make a lot of 
Erica Chilson, Checkmate|Put four fingers back in baby, please.
Floyd Mayweather, Jr.|When I turned 16 and got my license, the Chevy Blazer was passed down from my sister, so it was very much a starter car.
Jeaniene Frost, Halfway to the Grave|I've always found that the most beautiful people, truly beautiful inside and out, are the ones who are quietly unaware of their effect." His eyes searched mine intently, and for a moment we stood there toe to toe. "The ones who throw their beauty around, waste what they have? Their beauty is only passing. It's just a shell hiding nothing but shadows and emptiness.
Paul Auster, Travels in the Scriptorium|The only reason for the many unknown excuses I had to make up to get out of the parties, school reunions, fake get together, informal office meetings was that I didn’t like ‘Gossiping’.
Idries Shah, Sufi Thought and Action|... we [humans] are an organic life form that became too sentient of our own existence. When we reached the moment we began to questionise our origin and our demise, that was the moment we should have stop evolving.
Adelaide Anne Procter|Our Beasts and our Thieves and our ChattelsHave weight for good or for ill;But the Poor are only His image,His presence, His word, His will; -And so Lazarus lies at our doorstepAnd Dives neglects him still.
Michelle Cruz-Rosado|We all have a different answer to what defines our happiness and fulfillment, but for all of us it begins with inner peace. Without inner peace, happiness and fulfillment is hard to reach.
Jennifer McMahon, Don't Breathe a Word|What if things happened to you—special, magic things—because you’d been preparing for them?
Virginia Graham, Consider the Years|When you're in bed to-night think not of wars, But rather of the Panda fast asleep, Her piebald head cushioned on woolly paws; Or think of velvet mice that warmly creepInto their holes to curl up round and soft. Transfer your thoughts from bellicose affairs;Though it be true that bombers fly aloft,Try to reflect on little furry 
Joseph Delaney, Attack of the Fiend|Do not cry for me, Azrael. Do not waste your tears. You made your decision. And this is mine. Sacrifice seems to be my destiny. A funny thing for a selfish man, isn't it? They always called me weak back then...
John Mulaney|As I see it, a green salad is an open invitation to carrots, onions, mushrooms, tomatoes, and the sprouts that grow in jars on my kitchen counter.
Darrell Calkins|I think that as a species we’ve played at being the self-indulgent, spoiled adolescent way too long, and now there are permanent damages and absolute risks that most people are ignoring.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If God charged us for every tear He shed for us, the world would be bankrupt.
Laurie Halse Anderson, Speak|I need a new friend. I need a friend, period. Not a true friend, nothing close or share clothes or sleepover giggle giggle yak yak. Just a pseudo-friend, disposable friend. Friend as accessory. Just so I don't feel or look so stupid.
Aleister Crowley, The Vision and the Voice: With Commentary and Other Papers|Thou art my father, thou my author, thou my being gav'st me; whom should I obey but thee, whom follow?
Bill Murray|I've been lucky, I've had movies that made a lot of money, so I don't feel like I have to kill every time out. I don't want that pressure. I don't need it.
Susan Orlean|In a modern loft, you can't just fill a space with furniture. Each piece has to be perfect.
Richard Baxter, The Saints' Everlasting Rest|Though every man naturally abhorreth sorrow, and loves the most merry and joyful life; yet few do love the way to joy, or will endure the pains by which it is obtained; they will take the next that comes to hand, and content themselves with earthly pleasures, rather than they will ascend to heaven to seek it ;l and yet when all is done, they must have it there, or be without it (491).
Hideaki Sorachi|Manga endings might always be the same. However when it comes to real life, neither you nor I are readers. We are the writers. We can change the ending.
Adele Kenny, A Lightness, a Thirst, or Nothing at All: Poems|What never happened will never change."(from "Oh, Leonardo")
Dominic Riccitello|It didn’t affect him because he couldn’t fathom how I felt. He never saw how I held or how I dealt. And when a breeze hits, his first thought is never a scent. We worked in different ways and different places, which were divided by a constellation.
C. JoyBell C.|People can have their opinions about everything in the world, but people's opinions end where the tip of my nose begins. Your opinions of others can only go so far as to where their own shoreline is. The world is for your taking, but other people are not. One is only allowed to have an opinion of me, if that person is done educating him/herself on everything about me. Before people educate themselves on everything about you, they're not allowed to open their venomous mouthes and have an opinion about you.
Donna Goddard|Whenever possible, choose peace.
Robert Tew|Experts say that denying bad feelings intensifies them, acknowledging bad feelings allows good feelings to return.
Jean Vanier, Eruption to Hope|Flowing from this union, source of a plenitude of joy, the love of the couple reveals itself through the daily acceptance of the limits and faults of each other and in mutual openness. It is this acceptance in and through gentleness, kindness, forgiveness, confidence and the desire to see shining in the other the warm light of the Spirit of God that becomes the great sign of the merciful love of God for man and His incessant forgiveness.
Taylor Swift|When he did think—when his brain began the slow chugging of rusty gears—the only thoughts that came were unspeakable things like, what’s the worst age a child can die? Worse yet was—after hours spent staring at the ceiling until it became a real-life Escher print with fans on the floor, useless windowsills, and dresser drawers that spilled underwear when opened—worse yet was when his mind found answers to those questions. Two-years-old isn’t so bad, he mused. They barely had a life. Twenty? At least they got to experience life! But fourteen... fourteen was the worst.
Donna Brazile|Climate change is a global problem. The planet is warming because of the growing level of greenhouse gas emissions from human activity. If this trend continues, truly catastrophic consequences are likely to ensue from rising sea levels, to reduced water availability, to more heat waves and fires.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|I find the best way to love someone is not to change them, but instead, help them reveal the greatest version of themselves.
Hazel Butler, Chasing Azrael|I swore as the knife I’d been using to dice our dinner bit into my finger. I dropped it on the floor, blood spattering the counter and cupboard doors a furious red. I watched, mesmerised, as the blood welled up and began to seep down my hand; I tried to catalogue the amount of pain I was in. Surprisingly little, I concluded, pushing at the edges of the wound to see how deep it went. Deep enough. I was starting to feel it now, but it didn’t hurt so much. I’d endured far worse.If it came to it, I could do it. There was comfort in that knowledge.
Lin-Manuel Miranda|It's astonishing the amount of time that certain straight people devote to gay sex - trying to determine what goes where and how often. They can't imagine any system outside their own, and seem obsessed with the idea of roles, both in bed and out of it. Who calls whom a bitch? Who cries harder when the cat dies? Which one spends the most time in the bathroom? I guess they think that it's that cut-and-dried, though of course it's not. Hugh might do the cooking, and actually wear an apron while he's at it, but he also chops the firewood, repairs the hot-water heater, and could tear off my arm with no more effort than it takes to uproot a dandelion.
Alan Alda|Whatever needed to be done, I need to know how to do it just as well as my wife. You know, for us to be able to really balance the parenting. It was very humbling, and it was also, um - terrifying. Because, you know, giving a baby a bath for the first time is one of the scariest things you can do on this whole earth.
David Mitchell|...the total number of galaxies in the universe seems to be in the region of ten billion, and that each of them has about a hundred billion stars the size of the sun. These numbers are so absurd that I strangely find myself in a good mood. It's all so immense. I think Paul feels a bit like this as well. There is so little I can do to make a difference. It is liberating.
George W. Bush|Government should do a few things, and do them right
Pope Francis|I show how much of the wars of religion involved Catholics killing Catholics, Lutherans killing Lutherans, and Catholic-Protestant collaboration. (Page 10 The Myth of Religious Violence)
Stevie Nicks|And if anyone asks, you're Chinese. The boy had nodded. "Chinese," he whispered. "I'm Chinese." "And I," said the girl, "am the Queen of Spain." "In your dreams," said the boy. "In my dreams," said the girl, "I'm the King.
Chad Sweeney, Parable of Hide and Seek|Soaked in painmy suits remain standingwhen I take them off - hollow men beside the closet,a museum of days.
Elizabeth Gilbert|I thought about one of my favorite Sufi poems, which says that God long ago drew a circle in the sand exactly around the spot where you are standing right now. I was never not coming here. This was never not going to happen.
Debbie Reynolds|The sad truth is that without complex business partnerships between African elites and European traders and commercial agents, the slave trade to the New World would have been impossible, at least on the scale it occurred.
Linda Alfiori, The Art of Loving Intelligently:Discover the Five Love Myths Hurting Women in America|After a major change in your life, either you get stuck in painful emotions or you take charge of your life and process your feelings to become emotionally stronger and resilient, the choice is yours.
Barbara W. Tuchman, The Proud Tower: A Portrait of the World Before the War, 1890-1914|Patriotism is a myth conceived by those old rogues to draw us into the infernal game. Let them fight as they will, but we want no part of it.
Jim Beaver, Life's That Way|Forgiveness is not something you do for someone else; it's something you do for yourself. To forgive is not to condone, it is to refuse to continue feeling bad about an injury.
Wayne Brady|Anywhere, anytime ordinary people are given the chance to choose, the choice is the same: freedom, not tyranny; democracy, not dictatorship; the rule of law, not the rule of the secret police.
Randy Pausch|Grateful attitude,Thank God for one specific thing daily and write it in a journal. You will be amazed at abundance of blessings which will flow in your life.
Noam Chomsky|At the end of the day, the true value proposition of education is employment.
Donna Galanti, The Dark Inside|I am not yet come of age, my lord. How can I be queen?” asked Constance fearfully.
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|It's a good story,' he said. He even grinned at me. 'I'll tell you.''Please,' I said.And then he did.
Alasdair Gray, Lanark|Who did the council fight?""It split in two and fought itself.""That's suicide!""No, ordinary behaviour. The efficient half eats the less efficient half and grows stronger. War is just a violent way of doing what half the people do calmly in peacetime: using the other half for food, heat, machinery and sexual pleasure. Man is the pie that bakes and eats himself, and the recipe is separation.""I refuse to believe men kill each other just to make their enemies rich.""How can men recognize their real enemies when their family, schools and work teach them to struggle with each other and to believe law and decency come from the teachers?""My son won't be taught that," said Lanark firmly."You have a son?""Not yet.
Lorrie Moore, Birds of America|Over his shoulder, she saw Skulduggery walk in. "Oh, hell," she muttered. Wreath's smile reappeared. "It's Skulduggery, isn't it?"Over his shoulder, she saw Skulduggery walk in. "Oh , hell," she muttered. Wreath's smile reappeared. "It's Skulduggery, isn't it?""Please don't annoy him.""Me? When have I EVER annoyed the great Skulduggery Pleasant?"Skulduggery arrived at their table. Wreath smile up at him. "Hello.""I will shoot you in the eye," Skulduggery said.Wreath glanced at Valkyrie. "I think I've annoyed him.
Debasish Mridha|The sun can shine, and it can burn. You can shine your love with a softer power than the sun.
Peter McWilliams|We are in a world where globalization, which is an ideology, has forgotten and put aside the people, the people's interests, aspirations, and dreams.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Christianity is not primarily a matter of externals, nevertheless it does find expression in conversation, habits, recreation, emphasis, and ambitions to be noted in our daily life.
George Matthew Adams|I'm one of these people that likes adrenaline and new things, like extreme sports. It makes me feel alive.
Stephen King, The Green Mile|A man with a good wife is the luckiest of God's creatures, and one without must be among the most miserable, I think, the only true blessing of their lives that they don't know how poorly off they are.
Mehmet Murat ildan|But every day I go to work I'm making a bet that the universe is simple, symmetric, and aesthetically pleasing—a universe that we humans, with our limited perspective, will someday understand.
David Mitchell, Ghostwritten|Have you noticed," said John, "how countries call theirs 'sovereign nuclear deterrents,' but call the other countries' ones 'weapons of mass destruction'?
Graham Greene, The Quiet American|Time has its revenges, but revenge seems so often sour. Wouldn’t we all do better not trying to understand, accepting the fact that no human being will ever understand another, not a wife with a husband, nor a parent a child? Perhaps that’s why men have invented God – a being capable of understanding. 
Kelly Moran, Redemption|Turned out, monsters were capable of love after all. But it didn’t mean they should.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón|I gave up hoping...But, still, I would think of him, I would cherish his image in my mind, and treasure every word, look and gesture that memory could retain.
Andrew Durbin, Mature Themes|We are chained to the earth by a chain of gold, but we dare not sever it; for fear of what lies beyond the drop.
RVM|The Sun, the Moon, the Stars, the Birds, the Animals, the Flowers are all proof that a Universal Power exists.
Marcus Aurelius|Lighten up, just enjoy life, smile more, laugh more, and don't get so worked up about things.
indonesia123|Big things in the glory of the world mean nothing. Small things in glory of God mean everything. Truly..., size doesn't matter in this world or in the world to come.
Roger Lowenstein|Practical men who believe themselves to be quite exempt from any intellectual influence, are usually the slaves of some defunct economist.
Miriam Makeba|Nature doesn't need people - people need nature; nature would survive the extinction of the human being and go on just fine, but human culture, human beings, cannot survive without nature.
Mandy Baxter, One Night More|The guilt over his secret was eating him up alive, but hell, the feel of her in his arms threatened to override all of it. This was Maria, the woman he’d fantasized about for almost a decade. In his arms.He shifted again and tried to pull his hips back, but Maria snuggled tighter against him, hooking one leg over his hip.Fuck.Yeah, he had to get out of here. It was still dark outside, so maybe he could salvage a few hours and get some rest in his own bed. She’d just asked him to stay until she fell asleep. Which he’d done. Now it was time to relocate.Slowly he reached back and lightly grasped her wrist, moving her hand so that she wasn’t wrapping her arm around him. Next, he tried to do the same with her leg. Grasping her silky-smooth thigh, he froze when she let out a tiny moan in her sleep. And when she practically ground against him, he groaned.Couldn’t help it. She felt so good the sound just escaped—and woke her up.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Human looks sure on face, while the earth lost in space.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|In everybody’s life there’s a point of no return. And in a very few cases, a point where you can’t go forward anymore. And when we reach that point, all we can do is quietly accept the fact. That’s how we survive.
Ilona Andrews, Bayou Moon|Don't you dare call me arrogant!If ever I had any at all-which I deny!- how much could I possibly have left after having been ridden over rough-shod by you and Thomas, do you imagine?
Steve Bivans, Be a Hobbit, Save the Earth: the Guide to Sustainable Shire Living|What’s interesting is that most free-marketers don’t seem to want a free market at all, but a status quo market. The market in the United States is anything but free. If it were, big business would have to survive without corporate welfare to the tune of about $1 trillion (that’s trillion) in government subsidies, the majority of which, about $650 billion, go to the fossil fuel industry! They are living off of the public dole on subsidies totaling billions of dollar—that we hand out either directly, or through tax breaks for their big corporations—with the false assumption that they are creating jobs. They are not. They are creating yachts, Leer Jets, and McMansions with swimming pools.
Tabitha Suzuma, Hurt|Sometimes, soulmates may meet, stay together until a task or life lesson is completed, and then move on. This is not a tragedy, only a matter of learning.
Lili Wilkinson, Green Valentine|How careless of me!" By which she meant that she had deduced that he had found [them] in his pocket and pitied him for needing to be forever in the right.
Andy Weir, The Martian|Problem is (follow me closely here, the science is pretty complicated), if I cut a hole in the Hab, the air won't stay inside anymore.
Nescio, Amsterdam Stories|The larks were singing everywhere, a heron flew past, the sky was so high in the trees were wrestling all around the house and the light-- could you catch the light and hug it tight and take it inside you?
Erma Bombeck|Marriage has no guarantees. If that's what you're looking for, go live with a car battery.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, The First Circle|The American Indians were Communists. They were. Every anthropologist will tell you they were Communists. No rich, no poor. If somebody needed something the community chipped in.
Angelina Jolie|One can find women who have never had one love affair, but it is rare indeed to find any who have had only one.
Trix Wilkins, The Courtship of Jo March: a variation of Louisa May Alcott's Little Women|For that is what you are, that is who you are – you are an author. You cannot cease to write any more than you can cease to breathe...This difficult season will pass – your eyes and mind will inevitably be opened once more to the wealth of ideas all around you...And even if the ideas around you fall short of what you seek – even if, as you say, you have not the heart to write… perhaps it is your heart you ought to write of. - Laurie to Jo, on writing
Tryon Edwards|Language is not only the vehicle of thought, it is a great and efficient instrument in thinking.
Diego Della Valle|Politics, where fat, bald, disagreeable men, unable to be candidates themselves, teach a president how to act on a public stage.
Roshni|Cause I'll know my weakness, know my voice. And I'll believe in grace and choice. And I know perhaps my heart is farce, But I'll be born without a mask.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Where will we spend eternity—with God in that place of endless joy the Bible calls heaven, or apart from Him in that place of endless despair the Bible calls hell?
David Burr Gerrard, The Epiphany Machine|Sheep sheep are adorable.Human sheep, not so much.Think for yourself, for flock’s sake.
G.S. Jennsen, Rubicon|The system is only as good as its leaders. When they fail—when the system fails—you better damn well hope I’m there to pick up the slack.”The man’s glower lost some of its fervor. “No one appointed you humanity’s protector.”“No one had to—and if you don’t understand why that is, then you’re not nearly the man I was told you are. I’m leaving now, and I’m going to assume we’re done. But if you threaten me again, you had better bring help.
Anonymous|Once you find your Happy space,you wouldnt be in the rat race
Jared Diamond, Guns, Germs, and Steel: The Fates of Human Societies|The history of interactions among disparate peoples is what shaped the modern world through conquest, epidemics and genocide. Those collisions created reverberations that have still not died down after many centuries, and that are actively continuing in some of the world's most troubled areas.
Israelmore Ayivor|Ballot papers do not define leaders. Leadership is defined by conviction, vision, passion and inspiration.
Vladimir Nabokov|Perhaps what matters is not the human pain or joy at all but, rather, the play of shadow and light on a live body, the harmony of trifles assembled...in a unique and inimitable way.
John Green, An Abundance of Katherines|As the doctors told him, he wanted to scream out loud and cry. He held his heavy head up and clenched his teeth and fists. “Men don’t cry,” his grandpa used to say. “Men don’t cry.” �8But he cried. Like a baby. He cried till he could feel cracks in his heart as he breathed. He cried till he knew he would never love again.
Moby|From the simple stringing together of lemon garlands for the goddess Durga, to dividing the prasadam or blessed foods for the children first, I came to associate food not only with feminity, but also with purity and divinity.
Jesse Petersen, Married with Zombies|Share in your activities and interests. If you are going to kill zombies anyway, why not do it together?
Debasish Mridha|By learning more, by doing more, by becoming more, and by creating a common vision, a leader is a person who can inspire others to change for the better.
Michael Lennick|No matter what level of success, there is no such thing as a secure writer
Janna Cachola|[On doors of opportunity] If that door doesnt open, Dont worry. It was probably best you got locked out than be locked in. Move on the next door.
Harlan Coben, The Woods|I think oysters are more beautiful than any religion,' he resumed presently. 'They not only forgive our unkindness to them; they justify it, they incite us to go on being perfectly horrid to them. Once they arrive at the supper-table they seem to enter thoroughly into the spirit of the thing. There's nothing in Christianity or Buddhism that quite matches the sympathetic unselfishness of an oyster. 
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|There's no point in writing my kind of stuff, when they're printing that kind of stuff. So I gave up and started drinking.
E.L. James, Fifty Shades Darker|Anastasia, you're going to have to learn to be rich, too, if you say yes.' He says softly. 'Wealth isn't something I've ever aspired to, Christian.' I frown. 'I know. I love that about you. But then you've never been hungry.' He says simply.
Carlos Ghosn|I approve designs not because I think I am more gifted or somebody who can see ahead three or four years from now, but just to make sure that the design is a logical, rational decision, taken after analyzing pros and cons.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|I have learned to thank God for what I cannot see, I have learned to trust God with what I cannot.
C. JoyBell C.|True kindness is an anchor that drops deep into the heart and you feel it while it’s dropping. Meanwhile, untrue kindness is merely a condition of the face.
Sōseki Natsume, Light and Darkness|Reflection may be essential to a scholar, but it’s taboo in social intercourse.
Marquis de Lafayette|I really believe that being flexible and grateful contributes a lot to your happiness, which contributes to your health and contributes to your look.
Rachel Cohn, Shrimp|She murmured, in that particular Nancy way of hers that grates most when my inner bitch is aching to be let loose, 'Someone woke up on the wrong side of the bed this morning.'My eyes popped open to see her lemon face standing over me.'SOMEONE,' I hissed, 'HASN'T EVEN WOKEN UP YET. GOD, WHAT IS YOUR ANEURYSM? CAN'T YOU JUST LEAVE ME ALONE?
William Shakespeare, Twelfth Night|I'll follow this good man, and go with you;And, having sworn truth, ever will be true.
Karen Katchur, The Secrets of Lake Road|No one touched the bottom of the lake and lived. If you were lucky, you'd surface wide-eyed and frantic, babbling at the darkness, the thickness of what lay below. If you were unlucky, underwater recovery dragged the lake for your body.
Donna Augustine, Jinxed|He didn't get it. That's exactly why I needed my Maker's Mark. You can't throw my life into turmoil, and then screw me out of my bourbon too.
Peter Cameron, Someday This Pain Will Be Useful to You|Having bad experiences sometimes helps; it makes it clearer what it is youshould be doing. I know that sounds very Pollyannaish but it’s true. People who have had only good experiences aren’t very interesting. They may be content, and happy after a fashion, but they aren’t very deep. It may seem a misfortune now, and it makes things difficult, but well—it’s easy to feel all the happy, simple stuff. Not that happiness is necessarily simple. But I don’t think you’re going to have a life like that, and I think you’ll be the better for it. The difficult thing is to not be overwhelmed by the bad patches. You mustn’t let them defeat you. You must see them as a gift—a cruel gift, but a gift nonetheless.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Through my choices and actions, I have learned the most effective way of speaking to God is without saying a word.
Sunday Adelaja|It's a hard thing to risk what you know and are sure of, just for the possibility of something better. Even when it's a pretty strong possibility, and something that's a whole lot better.
Tom Reynolds, Blood, Sweat and Tea|For more than a century-and-a-half, Europeans had been killing North American Indians with firewater… Now, in the first decades of the nineteenth century, Canada’s pioneer settlers were killing themselves with their own medicine. About Canada. Toronto: Civil Sector Press, November, 2012. Alcohol, North American Indians, Settlers, Canada
Margo Vader|I have ugly hands, but I'm grateful 'coz they work beautifully!
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|I may not be the smartest fellow in the world, but I can sure pick the smartest people to do business with and size them up very fast.
Ernest Hemingway, Death in the Afternoon|if I had waited long enough I probably never would have written anything at all since there is a tendency when you really begin to learn something about a thing not to want to write about it but rather to keep on learning about it always and at no time, unless you are very egotistical, which, of course, accounts for many books, will you be able to say: now I know all about this and will write about it.
Caroline George, The Vestige|Most frequently asked question at my AI talks: Will robots be conscious? We slaughter 60 billion animals/year, but are concerned for robots?
Betty Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn|It is good thing to learn the truth one's self. To first believe with all your heart, and then not to believe, is good too. It fattens the emotions and makes them to stretch. When as a woman life and people disappoint her, she will have had practice in disappointment and it will not come so hard. In teaching your child do not forget that suffering is good too. It makes a person rich in character.
James Clavell|Truth lies within a little and certain compass, but error is immense.
Jodi Picoult, Handle with Care|It was one thing to make a mistake; it was another thing to keep making it. I knew what happened when you let yourself get close to someone, when you started to believe they loved you: you'd be disappointed. Depend on someone, and you might as well admit you're going to be crushed, because when you really needed them, they wouldn't be there. Either that, or you'd confide in them and you added to their problems. All you ever really had was yourself, and that sort of sucked if you were less than reliable.
Chris Bohjalian, The Buffalo Soldier|A day doesn't go by when I don't look at them, she said. I can't have them up on the kitchen refrigerator or in a frame in the bedroom--I just can't do it, I just can't run into them casually when I'm supposed to be doing something else--but I also can't last a day without seeing them. Visiting with them when I am alone in the house.
Renee Olstead|At 20, I realized that I could not possibly adjust to a feminine role as conceived by my father and asked him permission to engage in a professional career. In eight months I filled my gaps in Latin, Greek and mathematics, graduated from high school, and entered medical school in Turin.
Rebecca Solnit, Wanderlust: A History of Walking|Drifting across the vast space, silent except for wind and footsteps, I felt uncluttered and unhurried for the first time in a while, already on desert time.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|Don't think you are irreplaceable, or the world will end when you are gone
Paul Bamikole|To understand me you should reach my level at my game, so far you are somewhere down I am above.
Tim Wu, The Attention Merchants: The Epic Scramble to Get Inside Our Heads|Attention, if sudden and close, graduates into surprise; and this into astonishment; and this into stupefied amazement.
Albert Einstein|There is no longer a single idea explaining everything, but an infinite number of essences giving a meaning to an infinite number of objects. The world comes to a stop, but also lights up.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Creation and Fall Temptation: Two Biblical Studies|Man no longer lives in the beginning--he has lost the beginning. Now he finds he is in the middle, knowing neither the end nor the beginning, and yet knowing that he is in the middle, coming from the beginning and going towards the end. He sees that his life is determined by these two facets, of which he knows only that he does not know them
Oliver Sacks, The Island of the Colorblind|Once again Love, that loosener of limbs,bittersweet and inescapable, crawling thing,seizes me.
Cameron Dallas|I want to become more famous, even more famous.
Graham Greene, Our Man in Havana|He began to realize what the criminal class knows so well, the impossibility of explaining anything to a man with power.
Ravi Howard|We were just sitting there talking when Peter Maurin came in.We were just sitting there talking when lines of people began to form saying, "We need bread."....If there were six small loaves and a few fishes, we had to divide them. There was always bread.We were just sitting there talking and people moved in on us. Let those who can take it, take it. Some moved out and that made room for more. And somehow the walls were expanded.We were just sitting there talking and someone said, "Let's all go live on a farm."It was as casual as all that, I often think. It just came about. It just happened.
Elizabeth Scott, Something, Maybe|I told you we were meant to be," he says, still smiling, still so Finn, who was always here but who I just didn't see and now--Well, now I kiss him.
Elizabeth Mattis-Namgyel|Elizabeth Mattis-Namgyel, when asked how to strike a better balance between family, work and self-realisation says: "You need the intention, good scheduling, and you have to be creative. If you don't find time to practice, one of the three is missing.
Charlotte Perkins Gilman|But the bars that held you, the bars that kept you in were the luxury and soft living. It is hard to walk out on a thing like that
Galileo Galilei|Truth is by nature self-evident. As soon as you remove the cobwebs of ignorance that surround it, it shines clear.
Drexel Deal, The Fight of My Life is Wrapped Up in My Father|Your love, not your worry, is the most valuable thing any of us can give our children.
David Watson, Beyond Bookchin: Preface for a Future Social Ecology|We are condemned to be modern. We can’t escape the facts of our history or of living in an age dominated by instrumental rationality, even as we look for ways out of it... But it has become our historic responsibility to acknowledge the continuing importance of myth, at a level beyond science, in realizing a more organic, holistic relation to the world. A future social ecology would transcend both anti-Enlightenment reaction and [a] reified Enlightenment counter-reaction, which remain only fragmented polarities within bourgeois modernity.
Joseph Addison|What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity. These are but trifles, to be sure; but scattered along life's pathway, the good they do is inconceivable.
John Crowley, Little, Big|Thinking is learning all over again how to see, directing one's consciousness, making of every image a privileged place.
Kevin W. Reese|When loving with human love one may pass from love to hatred, but divine love cannot change.
Neil deGrasse Tyson, Cosmos|There’s as many atoms in a single molecule of your DNA as there are stars in the typical galaxy. We are, each of us, a little universe.
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|For every woman you know who has been given substandard treatment by her parents, used by her friend or boyfriend, abused by her husband, discriminated by her employers and ridiculed by society, I know a man who has been burdened with family responsibility since childhood, humiliated by his girlfriend, bullied by his employers, pushed by society and harassed by his wife. Everybody is fighting their own battle.
J.A. Saare, Dead, Undead, or Somewhere in Between|Rhiannon's Law #16: If it looks like a rabbit, and it hops like a rabbit, run the other way and fast. That shit is liable to tear you arm off.
Andrew B. Newberg|The brain is a stubborn organ. Once its primary set of beliefs has been established, the brain finds it difficult to integrate opposing ideas and beliefs. This has profound consequences for individuals and society and helps to explain why some people cannot abandon destructive beliefs, be they religious, political or psychological.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Elohim is my salvation, my strength and my song.
Nomthandazo Tsembeni|But trust me, it's best to face something head on, smash it, and move on with your life. Lingering and wondering, waiting and worrying... that kills you.
Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich|When all the people in the world become technology and technology becomes the people, we shall see a new world!
Glen Robinson, Elijah|Then it’s decided. In the end, we are just as mortal as man. But while God will save a few, we will corrupt and destroy the rest of them. That is the best way to hurt Him. While many worship what you represent, most will come to believe that the existence of God is a myth.”	The woman spoke up. “But if they think He is a myth, won’t they think that you don’t exist either?”	The Chairman smiled broadly this time.	“Exactly.
Immanuel Kant, Prolegomena to Any Future Metaphysics|Conscious Evolution"Conscious evolution inspires in us a mysterious and humble awareness that we have been created by this awesome process of evolution and are now being transformed by it." Barbara Marx Hubbard 
Debasish Mridha|Imagination, persistence, perseverance, and trust transform dreams into reality.
Katie Ashley, The Proposal|Just because fate finds us our perfect match doesn't mean it's always easy and we don't have to work at it. Anything worth having takes fighting for sometimes."- Victor Marius
Woodrow Wilson|Not to sound corny, but intelligence is big. Everything fades, and everything can be modified. But intelligence is something you can't fake. I'm not even talking about whether you can read a thesaurus backwards. But there is a beauty in common sense.
Hillary Clinton|President Obama is also standing up for women in North Carolina and across our country. He has helped women fight for equal pay for equal work; he has fought to guarantee that women have access to quality, affordable health care, including making sure that insurance plans cover birth control with no out-of-pocket cost.
Satish Kumar|Within the moment of now, there is presence of ever there, As It is;, Invisible; Nothingness; of Still and silent awareness; in substratum; witnessing itself which U in real R...It has nothing to do with Your mind, Your body appearance and Your world...Wisdom is to let it recognize and and realize itself...Often in Ignorance of IT, ignorant start believing "In the Moment", "As It Is" words, which point towards IT (awareness), ignorantly for the appearing body, appearing mind and appearing creation...Be Happy and Keep Smiling...
Keith Donohue|I followed her into the library. The pale light from our chamber below dissipated in the room, but I could still make out – my heart leapt at the sight – row after row, shelf above shelf, floor to ceiling, a city of books. Speck turned to me and asked, Now, what shall we read first?
Sunday Adelaja|I am a Cartesian clear and distinct object on this pyramidal peak of the mountain, where the echoes trail off almost forever the horizon.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Each of us encounters many diverse experiences that make us grow and transform, but we seek to return to our roots, which is quietude.
Sonya Watson|Sometimes you may have not even talked to that person, just seen them at a distance, but inside something has ignited. It may be curiosity, to be able to understand the thoughts in that person’s head, their views on the world and how they can make you feel as a person.
Mary Norris, Between You  Me: Confessions of a Comma Queen|Unconsciously, I had doubts about everything around me, and all I had to do is to act selfish, and to walk through everything like a wise lady. So I attracted their eyes and I haunted their thoughts.
Mensah Oteh|Time does not create changes, wisdom does. Your wisdom decides the quality of your decisions.
William Kamkwamba, The Boy Who Harnessed the Wind: Creating Currents of Electricity and Hope|Although Geoffrey, Gilbert and I grew up in this small place in Africa, we did many of the same things children do all over the world, only with slightly different materials. And talking with friends I've met from America and Europe, I now know this is true. Children everywhere have similar ways of entertaining themselves. If you look at it this way, the world isn't so big.
Anonymous, The Bhagavad Gita|Some perceive God in the heart by the intellect through meditation; others by the yoga of knowledge; and others by the yoga of work. Some, however, do not understand Brahman, but having heard from others, take to worship. They also transcend death by their firm faith to what they have heard.
Will Durant, The Story of Philosophy: The Lives and Opinions of the World's Greatest Philosophers|But he had expressed to Mme. du Chatelet the hope that a way out might lie in applying philosophy to history, and endeavoring to trace, beneath the flux of political events, the history of the human mind. 'Only philosophers should write history,' he said. 'In all nations, history is disfigured by fable, till at last philosophy comes to enlighten man; and when it does finally arrive in the midst of darkness, it finds the human mind so blinded centuries of error, that it can hardly undeceive it; it finds ceremonies, facts and monuments, heaped up to prove lies.' 'History,' he concludes, 'is after all nothing but a pack of tricks which we play upon the dead;' we transform the past to suit our wishes for the future, and in the upshot 'history proves that anything can be proved by history.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Life moves forward, not backward, and it would be wise to listen to what change has to say.
Robin Sacredfire|Most people are asleep and need to be confronted, like adults that are still behaving like they're 5 years old, and don't want to assume responsibility for their mistakes.
John C. Maxwell|Someone told me that having a baby is like having your heart walking around outside of your body, and I didn't understand it until I had a baby. Now, like, everything he does literally crushes my heart. In a great way. And then if he's in pain, it's like my whole endeavor is to make sure he's not in pain.
Steven Cuoco|Discover what you love to do the most, and strengthen it.
Haruki Murakami, Colorless Tsukuru Tazaki and His Years of Pilgrimage|Everything has boundaries. The same holds true with thought. You shouldn't fear boundaries, but you should not be afraid of destroying them. That's what is most important if you want to be free: respect for and exasperation with boundaries.
Stephen King|Remember, Hope is a good thing, maybe the best of things, and no good thing ever dies.
Kylie Jenner|The Internet is part of our evolution. The mystics used to say, 'We can travel across the planet in a thought.' Now we really can. We can be connected with a million people at a time.
J.W. Lord|There was no guarantee of victory if I remained the same or just tried to be myself, but there was certain defeat in pretending to be something I was not.
Julia Roberts|In time of difficulties, we must not lose sight of our achievements.
Erika Johansen|We're going up there," she told them. "To the Keep. Your first instinct will be to protect me, I know-""Here it comes," Dyer muttered"But do me a favor and protect each other. Understand, Dyer?""Yes, Lady, yes! Because that's what I signed up for: to guard other guards while I leave the Queen to her own devices.
Susan Sontag|When you lay down a proposition which is forthwith controverted, it is of course optional with you to take up the cudgels in its defence. If you are deeply convinced of its truth, you will perhaps be content to leave it to take care of itself; or, at all events, you will not go out of your way to push its fortunes; for you will reflect that in the long run an opinion often borrows credit from the forbearance of its patrons. In the long run, we say; it will meanwhile cost you an occasional pang to see your cherished theory turned into a football by the critics. A football is not, as such, a very respectable object, and the more numerous the players, the more ridiculous it becomes. Unless, therefore, you are very confident of your ability to rescue it from the chaos of kicks, you will best consult its interests by not mingling in the game.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|It only takes a split second to smile and forget, yet to someone that needed it, it can last a lifetime.
Patricia Gaffney, The Saving Graces|All my life I've wanted to tell people I love them. Fear usually held me back, that they wouldn't care, or they wouldn't hear, or they would take too much from me once they knew.
Markelle Grabo, The Spell Master|He smiled at me, and just like that I was completely happy to be who I was. I knew it wouldn't be easy all the time, but right now it was as simple as sunshine because Nathan was here and had helped me to realize that I was still Ramsey, no matter how much things had changed.
Tom Schulman, Dead Poets Society|And medecine, law, business, engineering, these are noble pursuits and necessary to sustain life. But poetry, beauty, romance, love: these are what we stay alive for.
Jean M. Auel|You learn to write by writing, and by reading and thinking about how writers have created their characters and invented their stories. If you are not a reader, don't even think about being a writer.
Pamela Anderson|Life is like sex. It’s not always good, but its always worth trying.
Richelle Mead, Shadow Kiss|Consequently, if you believe God made Satan, you must realize that all Satan's power comes from God and so that Satan is simply God's child, and that we are God's children also. There are no children of Satan, really.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|When we understand people; when we understand situations;when we understand what matters;when we understand the why’s, the what’s and the how’s;when we understand the trigger of actions, we least inflict pain on ourselves and unto others.
Daniel Stern|I have got prostate cancer, and I have to keep monitoring that. It's no problem, it's under control and I'm very cool about it, but other people are dying from it.
Ned Hayes, The Eagle Tree|Many people think trees grow so big from soil and water, but this is not true. Trees get their mass from the air. They gobble up airborne carbon dioxide and perform an act of chemical fission by using the energy from sunshine... Essentially, trees are made of air and sunshine.
Anthony Liccione|Children don't understand, when things aren't given. The single parent struggling to provide; how they sacrifice themselves, by sweeping their dreams and goals under the table, just to bring bread and beans on the table.
M. Basilea Schlink|By our everyday actions, by our unwillingness to admit our mistakes and sins, we Christians have declared God dead - perhaps without even realizing it. For is we no longer want to humble ourselves before God and man, acknowledging our sins, if we no longer want to repent, we do not need a living Savior.
Brooke Shields|Religion kept some of my relatives alive, because it was all they had. If they hadn't had some hope of heaven, some companionship in Jesus, they probably would have committed suicide, their lives were so hellish.
Sanchita Pandey, Voyage to Happiness!|Surrender to God... When you surrender, God steps in for you and takes charge...By surrendering, automatically, the onus of your happiness and well being shifts on God.
Veronica Roth|For what it’s worth: trust your feelings. I can’t promise that you’ll never get hurt again, but I can promise you the risk is worth it.
Sylvia Townsend Warner, Lolly Willowes|Hold on to me!” Tedros yelled, hacking briars with his training sword.Dazed, Agatha clung to his chest as he withstood thorn lashes with moans of pain. Soon he had the upper hand and pulled Agatha from the Woods towards the spiked gates, which glowed in recognition and pulled apart, cleaving a narrow path for the two Evers. As the gates speared shut behind them,Agatha looked up at limping Tedros, crisscrossed with bloody scratches, blue shirt shredded away.“Had a feeling Sophie was getting in through the Woods,” he panted, hauling her up into slashed arms before she could protest. “So Professor Dovey gave me permission to take some fairies and stakeout the outer gates. Should have known you’d be here trying to catch her yourself.”Agatha gaped at him dumbly.“Stupid idea for a princess to take on witches alone,” Tedros said, dripping sweat on her pink dress.“Where is she?” Agatha croaked. “Is she safe?”“Not a good idea for princesses to worry about witches either,” Tedros said, hands gripping her waist. Her stomach exploded with butterflies.“Put me down,” she sputtered— “More bad ideas from the princess.”“Put me down!”Tedros obeyed and Agatha pulled away.“I’m not a princess!” she snapped, fixing her collar.“If you say so,” the prince said, eyes drifting downward.Agatha followed them to her gashed legs, waterfalls of brilliant blood. She saw blood blurring— Tedros smiled. “One . . . two . . . three . . .”She fainted in his arms.“Definitely a princess,” he said.
Jeff Fortenberry|I think people care. If not, why do so many people spend money going on vacations to see architecture? They go to the Parthenon, to Chartres, to the Sydney Opera House. They go to Bilbao... Something compels them, and yet we live surrounded by everything but great architecture.
Anthony Doerr|Life is wonderful and strange...and it’s also absolutely mundane and tiresome. It’s hilarious and it’s deadening. It’s a big, screwed-up morass of beauty and change and fear and all our lives we oscillate between awe and tedium. I think stories are the place to explore that inherent weirdness; that movement from the fantastic to the prosaic that is life....What interests me—and interests me totally—is how we as living human beings can balance the brief, warm, intensely complicated fingersnap of our lives against the colossal, indifferent, and desolate scales of the universe. Earth is four-and-a-half billion years old. Rocks in your backyard are moving if you could only stand still enough to watch. You get hernias because, eons ago, you used to be a fish. So how in the world are we supposed to measure our lives—which involve things like opening birthday cards, stepping on our kids’ LEGOs, and buying toilet paper at Safeway—against the absolutely incomprehensible vastness of the universe? How? We stare into the fire. We turn to friends, bartenders, lovers, priests, drug-dealers, painters, writers. Isn’t that why we seek each other out, why people go to churches and temples, why we read books? So that we can find out if life occasionally sets other people trembling, too?
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|Why travel? To be changed, and to be changed again and again.
Sergio de la Pava, A Naked Singularity|What was I supposed to do then I wondered. Was there even a supposed-to for this kind of situation? A situation when when I looked at my receding past everything seemed retrospectively marked by an extreme order and predictability yet all moments since seemed to obey, and promised to continue obeying, their own set of stochastic, undisclosed, and undiscoverable laws. Where I was fully aware of the pitfalls and folly of a finely-tuned narcissism but still the known universe seemed to bend and bend inexorably inward and towards me where it awaited my next move, supremely ready to react accordingly. And how I knew that decisions I would soon make or defer would have near-Sophoclean import and yet nonetheless it all seemed oddly irrelevant.
Penelope Cruz|I have stepped off the relationship scene to come to terms with myself. I have spent most of my adult life being 'someone's girlfriend', and now I am happy being single.
Kyra Lennon, Game On|If snowflakes are like people, how is anyone lucky enough to find anyone in this world.
Brian A. McBride, Dominion|War is an infidel; it holds no loyalties, neither to king nor countryman. She is a whore, selling herself to the highest bidder. Victory is bought in blood and steel.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Hocus Pocus|Usually when people talk about the trickle-down theory, it has to do with economics. The richer people at the top of a society become, supposedly, the more wealth there is to trickle down to the people below. It never really works out that way, of course, because if there are 2 things people at the top can't stand, they have to be leakage and overflow.
Sanjo Jendayi, I Now Pronounce You Single & Happy|A woman’s heart is her prized possession and if she shares it with you, consider yourself blessed. It is vital to her very being; it has the capability to pump life-giving love into every living cell of your body. It can make a man believe he can fly. It can be like water to a man dying of thirst. It has the ability to keep both of you breathing when one’s breath is taken away by life’s ups and downs. In order for it to achieve these awe inspiring feats, a man must do his part to keep her heart beating for him. Because of her heart’s vital role in sustaining the relationship, if you play with her heart and it stops beating for you…it most certainly will result in the death of the relationship. In order for her heart to deliver this life-giving love to all of your cells, a love equally as strong must be pumped into every fiber of her being. That love must be capable of purifying the bad blood she has taken in throughout the day that took her breath away and bring pure love back to her heart. In this way it is a continuous cycle allowing reciprocal life-giving love to flow between the two of you sustaining the very life of your relationship.
Alan Moore, Jerusalem|It is a disturbing aspect of human nature that if there is a place where there are no consequences and where the most grotesque murders are tolerated in the name of a cult claiming to be a faith, a certain type of person will be attracted to it.
R. Alan Woods, The Journey Is the Destination: A Book of Quotes With Commentaries|If you do not enter inside, what use the door to heaven can have?
Jim McGrath, A Death in Winter: 1963|Last time I was on the welcome Wagon, I was holding some guy by the balls for 15 minutes while the inspector explained why should leave (Birmingham) and go home... It were really painful.I bet it was.'Yeah I got terrible cramp in me fingers, but he were very attentive.
Simone de Beauvoir|Well, that's not true. I need to work for a living.”“No, that's not true. You think you need to work like this because that's what you've been told. That is merely an idea put into your head. In actuality, you can walk away any time you want.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Nightmares are not dreams. A good dream does not leave the dreamer in darkness, confusion and terror. Start having dreams, not nightmares!
Leah Raeder, Cam Girl|Still, perhaps that's all lives are, all the world is, a collision of vast conflagrations, each sparked from nothing.
Frank Ocean|In an ecology of love, people can relate in trust and face the future without fear. They do not need to play it safe. They can take uncertainty in their stride.
Kim Edwards|I'm happy to be at home with the kids, in my flannel pajamas; that's a treat.
Jennifer Donnelly, A Northern Light|You can't argue with the dead, no matter what you say, they always have the last word.
Andrew Clements, Things Hoped For|I suspect that most authors don't really want criticism, not even constructive criticism. They want straight-out, unabashed, unashamed, fulsome, informed, naked praise, arriving by the shipload every fifteen minutes or so.
Crystal Woods, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|Perhaps it was the way he'd look at me and smile,Perhaps it was the sound of his voice after being utterly defeated,Perhaps it was the warmth of his touch,Perhaps I've always been in love with you
Michael Cunningham, The Hours|So life isn't exciting?" continued Gary. "Great. Give me boredom. At least I know where I'm going to eat and sleep tonight. I'll still have a job on Monday. Yeah?" He turned and looked at Richard.Richard nodded, hesitantly. "Yeah.
Noorilhuda, The Governess|Be faithful to the unknown, plan for it by expecting it rather than waiting for it to knock you down. I believe your husband will take care of you, for he is a hardworking sensible man, but Jane, I had no one to look out for me when I was growing up, or when I had you all to myself, it did not make me rudderless, cynical or pacifist, but it did make me feel extremely alone. It blinded me, I did not know what to make of it. No person in life can fill up that feeling, no matter how many workers we have or friends to call on, or women fluttering about, you are in this alone, you have to be all you can be in this life, and no one can make it happen for you, it is necessary to be lonely every once in a while, it is even good, but there is a difference in being alone and being helpless. If you let yourself be helpless, if you find yourself in such a predicament where you feel there is no way out, then you will be crushed whether you are a flower or a mountain. And you must not allow yourself to be crushed." - Mr. Adams to daughter Jane
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|It’s never an insult to be called what somebody thinks is a bad name. It just shows you how poor that person is, it doesn’t hurt you.
Frank Herbert, The Dosadi Experiment|Governments always commit their entire populations when the demands grow heavy enough. By their passive acceptance, these populations become accessories to whatever is done in their name.
Martin Powell|To satisfy a want or a need, you must first go for it
William Gibson, Idoru|No," said Blackwell, "she won't, because that would be a violation of the very personal terms I will have established in our conversation. That's the key word here, Laney, 'personal.' 'Up close, and.' We will not meet, we will not carve out this deep and meaningful and bloody unforgettable episode of mutual face-time as representatives of our respective faceless corporations. Not at all. It's one-on-one time for your Kathy and I, and it may well prove to be as intimate, and I may hope enlightening, as any she ever had. Because I will bring a new certainty into her life, and we all need certainties. They help build character. And I will leave your Kathy with the deepest possible conviction that if she crosses me, she will die-but only after she's been made to desire that, absolutely." And Black-well's smile, then, giving Laney the full benefit of his dental prosthesis, was hideous. "Now how was it exactly you were supposed to contact her, to give her your decision?
Hannah Moskowitz, Teeth|Maybe it is desperation," I say. "Maybe we can't let things fall apart without trying. We can't let go of the people we love."He looks at me, and in the sunlight his eyes come alive with greens and golds. "Sometimes we can," he says.
Lao Tzu|It is better to die, than dive heart-first, into a pool of love, only knee-high deep.
Debasish Mridha|I love you not because I need you, but because you have created a place in my heart for you.
Kunal Nayyar|The Air Force was confused about what it wanted me to be when I grew up. I applied for an ROTC scholarship out of high school because I wanted to be an astronaut. None of my teachers had ever broken the news to me that I couldn’t fly into space, so the third-grade dream remained.
Felix Wantang, Face to Face Meetings with Jesus Christ 3: Revealing the End of the Age|If the world loves you, question your relationship with Jesus Christ. John 15:18-25.
Timothy Zahn, Star Wars: Thrawn|No battle plan can anticipate all contingencies. There are always unexpected factors including those stemming from the opponent's initiative. A battle must thus becomes a balance between plan and improvisation, between error and correction.It is a narrow line. But it is a line one's opponent must also walk. For all the balance of experience and cleverness, it is often the warrior who acts quickest who will prevail.
Peter Falk|Architecture is always the will of the age conceived as space - nothing else. Until this simple truth is clearly recognized, the struggle over the foundation of a new architecture confident in its aims and powerful in its impact cannot be realized; until then, it is destined to remain a chaos of uncoordinated forces.
David Marshall Brooks, The Necessity of Atheism|You know, people always talk about how Jesus came down to Earth as a human being. He became a human being, But no one ever takes into account what that means.
Sivaprakash Sidhu|It’s not so much about the cards you’re dealt; it’s a whole lot more about whether you play them well, or play them at all.
Virat Kohli|There's nothing better than having a baby. I've always loved children. I used to work summers at the YMCA and be in charge of, like, 30 preschool kids. I knew that when I had a child, I'd be overwhelmed, and it's true... I can't tell you how much my attitude has changed since we've got Frances. Holding my baby is the best drug in the world.
Barbara Johnson|To be in your children's memories tomorrow,You have to be in their lives today.
Tracie Peterson|A lot of people think I'm that guy in 'Betsy's Wedding', but I'm not. What it is for me is that, on some level, I connect with the character emotionally.
Brenda Cooper, Edge of Dark|In this instance, however, the answer was quite straightforward: "Men want women beautiful, romantic... birds of paradise instead of hurrying brown hens," said Bazaar in October 1945. As families were reestablished, there was a move toward a celebratory fashion of fecundity, with closer-fitting waists and rounder hips.
Auliq Ice|If you are going to be successful in creating the life of your dreams, you have to believe that you are capable of making it happen. Whether you call it self-esteem, self-confidence or self-assurance, it is a deep-seated belief that you have what it takes; the abilities, inner resources, talents and skills to create your desired results.
Laura McHugh, Arrowood|What I want, more than anything, is to turn back time a little. To become the kid I used to be, who believed whatever my mother said was one hundred percent true and right without looking hard enough to see the hairline cracks.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett|I know I won't live long. So I'm going to stand strong and not sit down in disbelief, hold my head up high and not waste my time wondering why my life has to be so rough and unfair. I'm going to strive and live everyday for the better until that day arrives.
Leila Sales, This Song Will Save Your Life|I believe that a person's taste in music tells you a lot about them. In some cases, it tells you everything you need to know.
Octavia E. Butler, Parable of the Talents|Consider--We are bornNot with purpose,But with potential.
Peter Clines, 14|Cattle... it called us cattle...We're hamburger, you mean.
David Byrne, How Music Works|In the early days, I might have gotten on stage and begun to sing as a desperate attempt to communicate, but now I found that singing was both a physical and emotional joy. It was sensuous, a pure pleasure, which didn't take away from the emotions being expressed—even if they were melancholic. Music can do that; you can enjoy singing about something sad.
Sunday Adelaja|We underestimate ourselves, we do not believe in our strength, abilities, and talents and we have a distorted vision of ourselves
Janet Fitch, Paint it Black|She had forgotten about this, the narcotic of the crowd. This is why you came to hear music. To stop being yourself, to let that thing that you supposedly were go, and just be part of a mob, synchronized by the heavy beat, mesmerized by a singer with big smeary red lips, her spooky chant.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|When you're appeasing too much, you might be egotistically over-estimating everyone's need for your approval.
Donna Lynn Hope|If you want to get warm you must stand near the fire: if you want to be wet you must get into the water. If you want joy, power, peace, eternal life, you must get close to, or even into, the thing that has them.
Paul Bryant|All my life, I've had these flashbacks, these dreams, nightmares, daymares, like visions, where I relive certain plays. Only the bad plays. I see them over and over, as if somebody's rewinding a tape and forcing me to watch.
Nicole Sobon, Capture|I really need to remember to block my thoughts.""Oh, come on," he pulled me closer towards him. "Why are you so scared?""Because the second that I let this conversation happen, I'll be letting my walls down. No matter what answer you give me, you'll have some sort of power over me, and I don't want that." I pushed past him, plopping down on the bed, not bothering to remove my boots.I could feel the mattress sink beside me. Ian ran his fingers through my hair. "Come here," he spoke softly. "Please." I pushed myself into a sitting position, and moved closer to him, leaning my head on Ian's shoulder. "I like this, a lot. It feels nice." Ian lifted my chin so that I was forced to look directly at him, and then he leaned in to kiss me.
Daryl Hannah|Primarily I'm a meat man, although once in a while I toy with a few vegetables.
Richard Baxter, The Saints' Everlasting Rest|When the world is worth nothing, then heaven is worth something. I leave every Christian to judge by his own experience, whether we do not overlove the world more in prosperity than in adversity (374) [.]
Noel Gallagher|When you come from desperate poverty, and that's exactly what I come from, you know that nonsenses are not to be tolerated. I'm not sure who gains from chaos, but I know it's not the poor folks in the council flats. The politics of vindictiveness is never, ever anything like a solution.
Kristin Cashore, Graceling|Temperamentally anxious people can have a hard time staying motivated, period, because their intense focus on their worries distracts them from their goals.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|You are your mother's trueborn son of Lannister.""Am I?" the dwarf replied, sardonic. "Do tell my lord father. My mother died birthing me, and he's never been sure.""I don't even know who my mother was," Jon said. "Some woman, no doubt. Most of them are." He favored Jon with a rueful grin. "Remember this, boy. All dwarfs may be bastards, yet not all bastards need be dwarfs."And with that he turned and sauntered back into the feast, whistling a tune. When he opened the door, the light from within threw his shadow clear across the yard, and for just a moment Tyrion Lannister stood tall as a king.
Paula Pell|When you have kids and get older, it goes beyond flowers and chocolate. It's about waking up with a baby, letting her sleep in, and making a coffee for her when she wakes up. To me, being romantic is putting someone else first and thinking about what makes them happy.
Jason Mraz|I’ve come to the conclusion that people who wear headphones while they walk, are much happier, more confident, and more beautiful individuals than someone making the solitary drudge to work without acknowledging their own interests and power.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Princess|Will. For a moment her heart hesitated. She remembered when Will had died, her agony, the long nights alone, reaching across the bed every morning when she woke up, for years expecting to find him there, and only slowly growing accustomed to the fact that side of the bed would always be empty. The moments when she had found something funny and turned to share the joke with him, only to be shocked anew that he was not there. The worst moments, when, sitting alone at breakfast, she had realized that she had forgotten the precise blue of his eyes or the depth of his laugh; that, like the sound of Jem's violin music, they had faded into the distance where memories are silent.
Leah Hager Cohen, Heart, You Bully, You Punk|Increasing pressure on students to subject themselves to ever more tests, whittling themselves down to rows and rows of tight black integers upon a transcript, all ready to goose-step straight into a computer.
Jane Austen, Emma|I would do what I pleased, and doing what I pleased, I should have my will, and having my will, I should be contented; and when one is contented, there is no more to be desired; and when there is no more to be desired, there is an end of it.
Susan Wojcicki|Hurricanes are dangerous things, and they're no fun to go through. And if you come out of it in one piece and your house comes out of in one piece, it's no fun living with no electricity for a day or a week, a month, whatever it is. And I speak, unfortunately, from personal experience on that matter.
Jim Rogers, A Gift to My Children: A Father's Lessons for Life and Investing|Don't wait for a better world. Start now to create a world of harmony and peace. It is up to you, and it always has been. You may even find the solution at the end of your fork.
T.L. Martin, Touched by Death|Whatever you practice, good or bad, you become good at it!
Frederick Buechner, The Magnificent Defeat|In honesty you have to admit to a wise man that prayer is not for the wise, not for the prudent, not for the sophisticated. Instead it is for those who recognize that in face of their deepest needs, all their wisdom is quite helpless. It is for those who are willing to persist in doing something that is both childish and crucial.
Deyth Banger|... You asked how am I?? Really?? So you care about me?? or you just decided to ask to return it back because people have learnt you to return everything back, what he has done to you to do the same to him. To behave in the same way, yeah but without curiousity to focus on this is like to go and get fucked by everyone starting from the bin guy (the guy who search food in the garbage) up to the guy who is rich. If you like that, I will say that there is some kind of problem with you, how can you even havee a sex with the garbage man.... oh, oh yeah if you are one of them you are out of this place. If you help this garbage man to succeed it goes that he develops something better and from poor up to rich... But to reach there you need time, you need to believe in that person, but again doesn't it disgusting this thing. Look it from side like Monk, how can you even touch such person??
Terence Kealey|An older generation, chastened by one depression, is afraid to be optimistic; and a younger generation, accustomed to security, is inexperienced at being pessimistic.
Raymond E. Feist, Mistress of the Empire|Perfectionism sucks the air out of your uniqueness and leaves you empty, away from who you could become.
Emily Thorne|Nature can be cruel. Predators are everywhere. Those who don't need to be protected from outside forces often need to be protected from themselves. In society, women are referred to as "the fairer sex". But in the wild, the female species can be far more ferocious than their male counterparts. Defending the nest is both our oldest and strongest instinct. And sometimes, it can also be the most gratifying.
Eric Clapton|Protection, as we use the word in Buddhism, is actually wisdom, it's insight. Protection is seeing and knowing deeply that all things in our experience arise due to causes, due to conditions coming together in a certain way.
Alex Gibney|I have warned many times about the guaranteed dangers of betting with your heart instead of your head - big darkness, soon come - but every once in a while you get a fair chance to have it both ways, and the annual NCAA basketball Tournament is one of them.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|That is the fear: I have lost something important, and I cannot find it, and I need it. It is fear like if someone lost his glasses and went to the glasses store and they told him that the world had run out of glasses and he would just have to do without.
A.W. Tozer|Mirrors on the ceiling,The pink champagne on iceAnd she said 'We are all just prisoners here, of our own device'And in the master's chambers,They gathered for the feastThey stab it with their steely knives,But they just can't kill the beastLast thing I remember, I wasRunning for the doorI had to find the passage backTo the place I was before'Relax,' said the night man,'We are programmed to receive.You can check out any time you like,But you can never leave ...
Robert Edison Fulton Jr., One Man Caravan|What manner of people they were only books and other people could tell... and the tale was a long and gory one dating from the dim, conjectural dawn of history. But being human they were as apt to change as mother nature to remain constant.
Adelaide Crapsey, Verse by Adelaide Crapsey|A radiant full moon of silver hangs in the black sky, between the veils of misty clouds.
Renee James|Sadly, it's much easier to create a desert than a forest.
Harry Mulisch, The Discovery of Heaven|In a world full of war, famine, oppression, deceit, monotony, what—apart from the eternal innocence of animals—offers an image of hope? A mother with a newborn child in her arms? The child may end up as a murderer or a murder victim, so that the hopeful image is a prefiguration of a pietà: a mother with her newly dead child on her lap.
Roger Ebert|Sometimes two people will regard each other over a gulf too wide to ever be bridged, and know immediately what could have happened, and that it never will.
G.S. Jennsen, Relativity|Set loose, a child would run down the paths, scramble up the rocks, lie on the earth. Grown-ups more often let their minds do the running, scrambling, and lying, but the emotion is shared. It feels good to be here.
Mencius, Mencius|It seemed to him that she looked completely at home in the classic truck, but then, he supposed that spoke more of her personality than of the vehicle. She was probably at home...wherever she was planted. Ha! That thought had come straight from his wife. She was always admonishing the boys, "Bloom where you're planted." By the time they were in high school, they'd learned it did no good complaining to their mother about teachers, coaches, or chores. Her response was consistent throughout their road to adulthood.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Life rewards action. To get from where you are now to where you want to be requires forward movement and momentum. Although you may already know what it takes to bridge the gap, simply knowing what to do is not enough.
Elif Shafak|No reason to feel depressed about being depressed. A depression can be a golden opportunity to collect the pieces and build ourselves anew. Global Souls are always on the move, nomads at heart, connected to various cities, commuters between cultures, both from here and everywhere.
W.E.B. Du Bois, The Souls of Black Folk|What in the name of reason does this nation expect of a people, poorly trained and hard pressed in severe economic competition, without political rights, and with ludicrously inadequate common-school facilities? What can it expect but crime and listlessness, offset here and there by the dogged struggles of the fortunate and more determined who are themselves buoyed by the hope that in due time the country will come to its senses?
Harry Guntrip, Schizoid Phenomena, Object Relations and the Self|External relationships seem to have been emptied by a massive withdrawal of the real libidinal self. Effective mental activity has disappeared into a hidden inner world; the patient's conscious ego is emptied of vital feeling and action, and seems to have become unreal. You may catch glimpses of intense activity going on in the inner world through dreams and fantasies, but the patient's conscious ego merely reports these as if it were a neutral observer not personally involved in the inner drama of which it is a detached spectator. The attitude to the outer world is the same: non-involvement and observation at a distance without any feeling, like that of a press reporter describing a social gathering of which he is not a part, in which he has no personal interest, and by which he is bored. Such activity as is carried on may appear to be mechanical. When a schizoid state supervenes, the conscious ego appears to be in a state of suspended animation in between two worlds, internal and external, and having no real relationships with either of them. It has decreed an emotional and impulsive standstill, on the basis of keeping out of effective range and being unmoved.
Jane Green|To make a full-blooded puff pastry, you need time, you need patience, and you need precision. It's all about the lamination: it's all about building up the layers of butter, dough, butter, dough; as the butter melts, it creates steam, and that brings up the layers of the two doughs apart from each other, and that's what gives it the rise.
Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching|If you understand others you are smart.If you understand yourself you are illuminated.If you overcome others you are powerful.If you overcome yourself you have strength.If you know how to be satisfied you are rich.If you can act with vigor, you have a will.If you don't lose your objectives you can be long-lasting.If you die without loss, you are eternal.
Patricia Briggs, When Demons Walk|Fear makes idiots out of us all, at some time or other.
Tessa Shaffer, Heaven Has No Regrets|Death will paint everything a different shade of remorse. You’ll feel guilty that you’re still breathing.	But you can’t stop.You’ll feel guilty for wanting to laugh again. 	And it will be awful the first time that you do. You’ll feel guilty for just about everything at first.And someday, at some point, you’ll start to feel guilty . . . for forgetting to feel guilty.But of all Heaven’s lessons, guilt isn’t one of them. You don’t need to hold on to it. It doesn’t need to be a practice and it shouldn’t be your life. 	Heaven would never approve of your guilt.Because Heaven has no regrets.
Jonathan Edwards, The Religious Affections|For when God is said by these things to try men and prove them, to see what is in their hearts and whether they will keep His commandments or no, we are not to understand, that it is for His own information, or that He may obtain evidence Himself of their sincerity (for he needs no trials for His information); but chiefly for their conviction, and to exhibit evidence to their consciences...So when God tempted or tried Abraham with that difficult command of offering up his son, it was not for His satisfaction, whether he feared God or no, but for Abraham's own greater satisfaction and comfort, and the more clear manifestation of the favour of God to him.
George Lakoff, Philosophy in the Flesh: The Embodied Mind and its Challenge to Western Thought|The problem with classical disembodied scientific realism is that it takes two intertwined and inseparable dimensions of all experience - the awareness of the experiencing organism and the stable entities and structures it encounters - and erects them as separate and distinct entities called subjects and objects. What disembodied realism ... misses is that, as embodied, imaginative creatures, we never were separated or divorced from reality in the first place. What has always made science possible is our embodiment, not our transcendence of it, and our imagination, not our avoidance of it.
Brittany Burgunder|The most important progress and success can't be seen. If you can validate yourself internally, then external validation becomes a byproduct.
Swami Dhyan Giten, The Silent Whisperings of the Heart - An Introduction to Giten's Approach to Life|I was tired in the evening yesterday. I felt drained by the last days outer conflicts. I felt separated from life. Suddenly I heard the wind blowing through the trees outside my open window, whispering a silent and playful invitation: "Do you want to play? Do you want to join the dance?" This playful invitation again joined my heart and being with the Existential dance. I was again in a silent prayer and oneness with life.
Merce Cunningham|Luck relies on chance, labor on character.
Becky Watson|The Bible is a book that every Christian should read, listen to, or have read to him or her throughout his or her lifetime; however, in the event that God has gifted a person with the characteristic for the utter joy that envelopes some during times of, what they would describe as, “pleasure reading” (an often times rare characteristic), it is only acceptable that he or she (particularly) reads His Holy Word at least once during his or her lifetime. At least, that’s what I think.
Terry Pratchett, The Truth|[Magnus] held on to the boy, newborn in grave dirt and blood, and he wished that he had found him dead.
Richard Llewellyn, How Green Was My Valley|Though no longer living in silence, I continued to carry pain and memories.
Vladimir Nabokov|Aunt Rosa, a fussy, angular, wild-eyed old lady, who had lived in a tremulous world of bad news, bankruptcies, train accidents, cancerous growths—until the Germans put her to death, together with all the people she had worried about.
Catie Marron, City Squares: Eighteen Writers on the Spirit and Significance of Squares Around the World|It seems we would rather have a past filled with great scientists than just great artists and writers who could dream up these wonderful and awe-inspiring creations. It's a strange irony: we're spending our time trying to find the truth in our past, but creating myths of ourselves in the present.
P.G. Wodehouse, The Girl in Blue|It was one of the dullest speeches I ever heard. The Agee woman told us for three quarters of an hour how she came to write her beastly book, when a simple apology was all that was required.
Maeve Binchy|I don't want to be too proud, but I have a good personal style.
Megan McCafferty, Second Helpings|I believe that what we get out of life is what we've set ourselves up to get, so there's no such thing as an inconsequential decision. Our destinies are the culmination of all the choices we've made along the way, which is why it's imperative to listen hard to your inner voice when it speaks up. Don't let anyone else's noise drown it out.
MercyMe, I Can Only Imagine - The Songs of Mercyme|Surrounded by Your glory, what will my heart feelWill I dance for you Jesus or in awe of you be stillWill I stand in your presence or to my knees will I fallWill I sing hallelujah, will I be able to speak at allI can only imagineI can only imagine
Kate DiCamillo, The Tale of Despereaux|The April sun, weak but determined, shone through a castle window and from there squeezed itself through a small hole in the wall and placed one golden finger on the little mouse.
David Attenborough|Black history isn't a separate history. This is all of our history, this is American history, and we need to understand that. It has such an impact on kids and their values and how they view black people.
Russell Brand, My Booky Wook|Of all the consumer products, chewing gum is perhaps the most ridiculous: it literally has no nourishment – you just chew it to give yourself something to do with your stupid idiot Western mouth.Half the world is starving, and the other’s going, ‘I don’t actually need any nutrition, but it would be good to masticate, just to keep my mind off things.
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|Her mouth was wide; no rosebud that could only open just enough to let out a 'yes' and 'no', and 'an't please you, sir'.
Mark Ruffalo|That's why I've always loved country music. Whether it's sad, pumps you up, or it's breakup songs, it's all real-life things.
kamil Toume|No one can be managed or led, people are inspired and cared for.
Amy Andrews, Seduced by the Baron|...the Princess Saralinda thought she saw, as people often think they see, on clear and windless days, the distant shining shores of Ever After. Your guess is quite as good as mine (there are a lot of things that shine) but I have always thought she did, and I will always think so.
Chanakya|Our failure as a society to properly acknowledge and confront the psychological, social, and political effects of white privilege has perpetuated racial inequality and race-based political resentments.
Mikidady Selungwi|Once you talk to your brain and emotions, thus how is going to respond.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Mother Night|This will be my last year, Lord. I have gotten what I can. Thank You.
Brian Dennehy|Today what is more important for me is performance. At the risk of sounding immodest, I have done it all - 61 movies over 12 years. But now I am looking for quality. It's easy to be a star. Now I want to be an actress.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Today is another day! Yesterday is gone but not its memories. There were so many things we expected yesterday which did not happen and what we least expected happened instead. Some are still expecting something. Expectation is a pillar of life. We all do have our expectations for today. Though we may or we may not be able to tell with certainty how our expectations would materialize. We ought to take life easy. Well, it may not be so easy to take it easy but, take it easy! Stay focused and entrust your trust in God. After all what you least expects can happen; serendipity can visit you and stay with you forever at a twinkle of an eye. The coin of life can however turn within a moment of time and your expectations can become a big had I know and a night mare; the vicissitudes of life can rob you at any moment of time. No one knows what the next second really holds. What matters in life is to do what matter; plant the seed of life God has entrusted in your hands and dare to ensure its abundant fruitfulness. The very problem in life is living to neglect the very reasons why you are living because of the problems you may face in living why you must live. When you trade why you must live for why you must not live, you are ruled by what you know but you do not know how it is ruling you. Once we have life, let us live for life all about living and living life is life!
Alain Yaovi M. Dagba, Secrets to Divine Manifestations: Finding Your Life Purpose Through the Rebirth of Your Soul|The path that takes us from here, to the fulfillment of our life purpose is who we are. We are the bridge to our destiny." (From the Secrets to Divine Manifestations)
|You have what it takes to push forward or to move backwards, but only one of these directions is capable of compensating you for all your pain and sufferings.
Cristina Rayne, Claimed by the Elven King: The Complete Edition|It’s your choice now,” he whispered in my ear, making the hairs at the back of my neck stand on end. “I will bed you. That is not the choice, but whether or not you wish to experience my touch or to be oblivious. It’s in my power to grant you either.
Muhammad Iqbal|Modernity is the transitory, the fugitive, the contingent, which make up one half of art, the other being the eternal and the immutable. This transitory fugitive element, which is constantly changing, must not be despised or neglected.
Anthony Liccione|Don't be in temper, to leave so quickly, that I may be dying. But all too soon, the leaves and debris will gather elsewhere.
M. Molly Backes, The Princesses of Iowa|Neither one of them could turn off their feelings, even with so much time and distance between them. The more they were apart, and the more they weren't allowed to be together, the more they loved each other.
Floyd Abrams|Jazz is about freedom within discipline. Usually a dictatorship like in Russia and Germany will prevent jazz from being played because it just seemed to represent freedom, democracy and the United States.
Brad Thor|We have an incredible warrior class in this country - people in law enforcement, intelligence - and I thank God every night we have them standing fast to protect us from the tremendous amount of evil that exists in the world.
Jennifer R.  Hubbard, The Secret Year|But we'd only had so many nights together, and the notebook had so many pages, and the world was never going to get bigger.
Claire North, The First Fifteen Lives of Harry August|[We] need people who are kind by instinct, not by effort. But that is what we lack in this time. For progress, we have eaten our souls up, and nothing matters anymore.
Alma Katsu, The Descent|Who can be 100 percent sure of one's choices in life? How do you know that your beloved will always remain the same, or that you'll never change your mind? Growth and change are two of the great gifts we get from time. It would be shortsighted to spurn them.
Nenia Campbell, Cloak and Dagger|Mamá had always made it clear she believed girls who got raped deserved it. I hadn't done any of the things she said “bad” girls did, though. I didn't parade myself around in sluttish clothes and make untoward advances. But Mamá had been wrong about everything else so far, so maybe she'd been wrong about that, too. Maybe it didn't matter whether you were bad or good, prudish or wanton: maybe just being female was enough, for some men. Maybe, like so much else, it was only about control. But then why do I feel so guilty?
Michael   Lewis, The New New Thing: A Silicon Valley Story|But Bennie knew that what he was bringing into the world was shit. Too clear, too clean. The problem was precision, perfection; the problem was digitization, which sucked the life out of everything that got smeared through its microscopic mesh. Film, photography, music: dead. An aesthetic holocaust! Bennie knew better than to say this stuff aloud.
Richard Feynman, Surely You're Joking, Mr. Feynman!: Adventures of a Curious Character|When it came time for me to give my talk on the subject, I started off by drawing an outline of the cat and began to name the various muscles.The other students in the class interrupt me: "We *know* all that!""Oh," I say, "you *do*? Then no *wonder* I can catch up with you so fast after you've had four years of biology." They had wasted all their time memorizing stuff like that, when it could be looked up in fifteen minutes.
Elizabeth Bard, Picnic in Provence: A Memoir with Recipes|I was too old for my father to (be protective), too young to be flattered.
Ogwo David Emenike|Our imagination goes ahead of us, bringing our yesterday's imagings into present realities.
Matt Lauer|When I first started submitting my work professionally - and we're talking years and years ago - I had no patience for editorial response times. I hated waiting to hear back from people, hated waiting to see my work in print.
Leon Panetta|Because hip-hop has no requirements, you deal with people that have the least intelligence on the planet. Some of the people that compare themselves to me, compare themselves to me because they rap and I rap. They can't even read the contracts that they sign to be a rapper, to do the deal.
Luther Blissett, Q|When a faith stubbornly maintained comes into contact with learning, the product of that encounter is always something magnificent, whether it be for good or ill.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|Once you attain the state of Absolute Oneness or Non-Duality, you become one of those spiritual legends that humanity so gloriously venerates as the founding fathers of religion.
Marion Coutts, The Iceberg|I'm not one of those people who think that cancer is some kind of jousting match. People live or die based on good medicine, good luck, and the grace of God. The people that die from it did not fail. The people who live will die another day.
J.M. Roberts, The New History of the World|Preparation for the future was necessary, and he was willing to admit that the great change would perhaps come in the upheaval of a revolution. But he argued that revolutionary propaganda was a delicate work of high conscience. It was the education of the masters of the world. It should be as careful as the education given to kings.
Debasish Mridha|To transcend to a higher level, become the symbol of love and kindness.
Ben Marcus, The Flame Alphabet|Suspense left my life a long time ago, now it has returned. I do not care for it.
Lao Tzu|Let us form one body, one heart, and defend to the last warrior our country, our homes, our liberty, and the graves of our fathers.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Onyx|Daemon pressed his forehead against mine. "Oh, I still want to strangle you. But I'm insane. You're crazy. Maybe that's why. We just make crazy together.
Israelmore Ayivor|On this thanksgiving, I would like to thank that one girl, who never lost hope despite all odds were against her, who always worked, and moved on, despite losing all friends just after leaving school, a time when you need friends the most! Who had immense strength and will-power and so much inspiration inside her that she ended up being happy, satisfied, and successful, all alone. That one girl who always smiles in the mirror, and says, 'Bitch, you have a long way to go, and you gotta travel all alone, depending upon anyone will make you weak, so buck up, there's a lot you gotta do!' On this thanksgiving, I thank myself, my soul for being so majestically robust! I would have thanked other people, but sadly, nobody ever helped me, more than I helped myself...
Joanne Harris, Chocolat|For a time, then, we stay. For a time. Till the changes.
Guy Kawasaki|If you have a level of expectation in your life that you have to be a quote-unquote star, whatever that means, you might be setting yourself up for failure.
Ramesh Ponnuru|[To admit that college isn't for everyone] may sound élitist. It may even sound philistine, since the purpose of a liberal-arts education is to produce well-rounded citizens rather than productive workers. But perhaps it is more foolishly élitist to think that going to school until age 22 is necessary to being well-rounded, or to tell millions of young adults that their futures depend on performing a task that only a minority of them can actually accomplish.It is absurd that people have to get college degrees to be considered for good jobs in hotel management or accounting — or journalism. It is inefficient, both because it wastes a lot of money and because it locks people who would have done good work out of some jobs. The tight connection between college degrees and economic success may be a nearly unquestioned part of our social order. Future generations may look back and shudder at the cruelty of it.
Mark Hewer|If silence is to be broken, let it be with the majesty of music.
Viola Shipman, The Charm Bracelet|Laying in a hammock, darkness surrounds me.
Richard P. Feynman|Education is a business - the growth business. It cultivates the growth of our learners, translates the growth of new knowledge, and builds professional growth.
A.E. Via|Okay. Do you have something to do today?” Day asked.“No. I want to go back to the hotel and change,” God responded.Day thought if he should ask God about staying with him until he found another place. He didn’t want to freak God out, they’d just said they loved each other, but it didn’t mean they were ready to pick out china. He felt God’s thick fingers under his chin, pulling his face back to face him.“Just ask already?” God snorted a laugh.Day rolled his eyes. Sometimes he forgot how perceptive they both were. Day could pick up most of God’s thoughts, just like the man could pick up his. “Fine.” Day grumbled. “Do you want to stay here with me? I’m not trying to clamp a ball and chain around your ankle or anything, I just thought economically it’d make more sense you know, not having to pay that kind of money for weeks when I’m right here with all this extra room. Then it would be beneficial that you didn’t have to travel to pick me up for work, we could split the housework too because I hate raking the leaves and you don’t seem to mind. Also, I thought—”“Leo, shut the hell up.” God’s eyes were wide as he stared at him.Day registered that he had rambled on, letting his nerves get the best of him while he was basically asking God to move in with him. The man was his partner but he was also so damned guarded.“I could stay here with you, until I find my own place.” God kissed him on the forehead and nudged him off him so he could raise up and swing his long legs over the side.
Stanley Victor Paskavich, Stantasyland: Quips Quotes and Quandaries|I heard this when I was in the Air Force: “There’s never enough time to do the job right, but always enough time to do it over.
Jeanne Birdsall|Write a book, not the book.
Paula Heller Garland|Many rulers would have spent the morning complaining loudly about the cold and the discomfort, as if their complaints would actually serve to alleviate the situation and as if their attendants should be able to do something about it. Not the emperor. He accepted the situation knowing that he could do nothing to change the weather. Best to endure it without making life more difficult for those around him.
Terry Spear, Alpha Wolf Need Not Apply|As soon as she was ready for work, she called out to Eric's closed door. "Anything in particular you want for breakfast?"	"Yeah," he said, heading for the door. "But I don't think it's on the menu.
Hermann Hesse, Demian. Die Geschichte von Emil Sinclairs Jugend|This change did not bring me into the community of the others, did not make me closer to anyone, but actually made me even lonelier. My reformation seemed to point in the direction ofDemian, but even this was a distant fate. I did not know myself, for I was too deeply involved. It had begunwith Beatrice, but for some time I had been living in such an unreal world with my paintings and my thoughtsof Demian that I'd forgotten all about her, too. I could not have uttered a single word about my dreams andexpectations, my inner change, to anyone, not even if I had wanted to. But how could I have wanted to?
Gavin Newsom|When you're making pictures out of heartfelt passion, it hurts when someone calls them a calculated business move.
Ty Dolla Sign|I learnt how to make candles when I was a kid. My mom used to make them. Then, when I broke my leg once and couldn't really move around, I started playing around with it... putting the scent inside and dried flowers, and that's it.
Hillary Clinton|This club is all about winning trophies and we've got a chance of bringing the greatest trophy of them all back to Anfield, so it means a great deal obviously.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|Whatever you do today, impacts your historicity.
Magnus Nwagu Amudi|Have you ever taken time to think about the commoners who are slaughtered in wars? Any war! Those who didn’t want the war, those who couldn’t say no, even those who have no voice. Why would another man have the power to declare war on behalf of anyone? Why should people be made to die by the mere fact that someone somewhere decides that the answer to a problem is war? Call me a coward, but war is not an answer to any question.
G.A. Aiken, Light My Fire|Granamyr doesn't fight humans, Granamyr wins.
Gerry Cooney|That brain of mine is something more than merely mortal, as time will show.
Kat Graham|The high-spirited man may indeed die, but he will not stoop to meanness. Fire, though it may be quenched, will not become cool.
James Bryce|Others control our opportunities, we control our readiness.
Sue Fitzmaurice|When you stop doing what insults your Soul, your Journey accelerates and your Life beings to fill with joy.
Sunday Adelaja|Talent is not enough, hard work makes the difference
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, Mirror|You’re overly hostile, and that’s not a good thing. Pulsar, especially, are very controlled in their emotions.’‘So I’ve been told,’ I mutter.‘They’re like water: elegant, neutral in all feeling. You, though, you’re like fire: blazing, belligerent, existing on all feelings – so unsuited to being a Pulsar.’‘Maybe that’s why we clash so much, you and me, because we’re fire on fire.
Lene Fogelberg, Beautiful Affliction|{She] laughed so that the street seemed full of little silver bells,
J.K. Rowling|I'm a what?" gasped Harry."A wizard, o' course," said Hagrid, sitting back down on the sofa, which groaned and sank even lower, "an' a thumpin' good'un I'd say, once yeh've been trained up a bit. With a mum an' dad like yours, what else would yeh be?
Beth Revis, Paper Hearts, Volume 1: Some Writing Advice|FAILURE IS INEVITABLE. I will fail. We all will. And having failed, and gotten back up, and failed again, taught me that I can survive failure. This is a downfall in most modern stories: the hero always wins. Because while this story is inspiring, it’s also false. In reality, not everyone wins. It’s 100% true that no one wills all the time, and we expect that—every hero must fall at least once. But it’s also 100% true that some people never win at all, and that’s the thing we try so hard to ignore behind the pretty stories. I could spend the rest of my life trying to be a prima ballerina, and it would not happen. I would fail at that for the rest of my life. FAILURE TEACHES US WHO WE ARE. Because even though I know I would fail forever at being a prima ballerina, I also know that I am not someone who should be a prima ballerina. It’s not who I am, it’s not what I want. Of course I would fail at it.
John M Sheehan|I was all too aware that there's an unspoken law that you should never start to cry if you have too many reasons to do so. I told myself that my tears were due tot he cold, and I believed myself.
Paulette Mahurin|To lose one parent might be considered a misfortune, or a reason to deny God’s existence at the least. To lose two looks like He may be up to something.
Jim Adam, Five Times More Jesus:  Why Christians Should Decanonize the Old Testament|Jesus is supposed to be the Alpha and the Omega, but in the Bible he's neither. He's stuck in the middle like the letter Q.
E.A. Bucchianeri|If typos are God's way of keeping a writer humble, plot holes certainly keeps one on their knees.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Behind you, leave your enemies. Beside you, keep your family. Around you, maintain your friends. Within you, cherish God.
M.L. Hall, The Apprentice|You're anxious to jump into the river, but you haven't checked to see if the water is deep enough." I don't bother pretending. "Sopeap, you speak in riddles. What are you saying?""I'm saying that life at the dump has limitations, but it serves a plate of predictability. Stung Meanchey offers boundaries. There are dangers, but they are understood, accepted, and managed. When we step out of that world, we enter an area of unknown. I'm questioning if you are ready. Everyone loves adventure, Sang Ly, when they know how the story ends. In life, however, our own endings are never as perfect.
Hafsa Shah|Sophia could just as well have gutted me. In Allah's name, I drank beer for you. I dismantled my entire value system of holding Allah's word above all for you. I reinterpreted my Islamic teachings to justify being with you.
Rick Riordan, Percy Jackson's Greek Gods|Yet the experience of reading a novel has certain qualities that remind us of the traditional apprehension of mythology. It can be seen as a form of meditation. Readers have to live with a novel for days or even weeks. It projects them into another world, parallel to but apart from their ordinary lives. They know perfectly well that this fictional realm is not 'real' and yet while they are reading it becomes compelling. A powerful novel becomes part of the backdrop of our lives, long after we have laid the book aside.
Moshe Katsav|If we were in India now, there would be servants standing in the corners of this room and I wouldn't notice them. That is what my society is like, that is what the divide is like.
Chang-Rae Lee|My dance teacher will show me pictures of girls who are rhythmic gymnasts, and they are super skinny. But I don't want to be too skinny. I think that looks a little gross when you are dancing. You don't want to be a scrawny, bony thing.
William Shakespeare|Death and burial were a public spectacle. Shakespeare may have seen for himself the gravediggers at St Ann's, Soho, playing skittles with skulls and bones.
Venerable Bede|Cultures have long heard wisdom in non-human voices: Apollo, god of music, medicine and knowledge, came to Delphi in the form of a dolphin. But dolphins, which fill the oceans with blipping and chirping, and whales, which mew and caw in ultramarine jazz - a true rhapsody in blue - are hunted to the edge of silence.
Dag Hammarskjöld, Markings|You are not the oil, you are not the air—merely the point of combustion, the flash-point where the light is born. You are merely the lens in the beam. You can only receive, give, and possess the light as the lens does. If you seek yourself, you rob the lens of its transparency. You will know life and be acknowledged by it according to your degree of transparency—your capacity, that is, to vanish as an end and remain purely as a means.
Kazuo Ishiguro|When I watched you dancing that day, I saw something else. I saw a new world coming rapidly. More scientific, efficient, yes. More cures for the old sicknesses. Very good. But a harsh, cruel world. And I saw a little girl, her eyes tightly closed, holding to her breast the old kind world, one that she knew in her heart could not remain, and she was holding it and pleading, never to let her go. That is what I saw. It wasn't really you, what you were doing, I know that. But I saw you and it broke my heart.
Herbert M. Shelton, The Science and Fine Art of Natural Hygiene|The corn is planted first, followed by beans, then squash between the rows.They are called the Three Sisters. They sustain each other, the earth, and us. But the Big Ones do not know that. They do not care for the earth, and its children, properly.
M.T. Anderson, Thirsty|At some point, even the greatest misery begins to fade. Life, or what passes for life, plods on in it's own unending weary footsteps, and somehow we plod along with it, if we stay lucky.
Quentin R. Bufogle|Writing is the dragon that lives underneath my floorboards. The one I incessantly feed for fear it may turn and devour my ass. Writing is the friend who doesn't return my phone calls; the itch I'm unable to scratch; a dinner invitation from a cannibal; elevator music for a narcoleptic. Writing is the hope of lifting all boats by pissing in the ocean. Writing isn't something that makes me happy like a good cup of coffee. It's just something I do because not writing, as I've found, is so much worse.
Maria Woodworth-Etter|I was very timid, and bound as with chains in a man-fearing spirit. When I arose to testify I trembled like a leaf, and began to make excuses - O God, send someone else! Then the Lord in a vision caused me to see the bottomless pit open in all its horror and woe. There was weeping and wailing and gnashing of teeth. It was surrounded by a great multitude of people who seemed unconscious of their danger, and without a moments warning they would tumble into this awful place. I was above the people on a narrow plank-walk, which wound up toward heaven; and I was exhorting and pleading with the people to come upon the plank and escape that awful place. Several started.There was a beautiful bright light above me, and I was encouraging them to follow that light and they would go straight to heaven."In all these trials God was preparing me and opening the way for the great battle against the enemy of souls and now the great desire of my heart was to work for Jesus. I longed to win a star for the Savior's crown.
J.M. Green|Do you believe in magic?," she asked. "I believe in you," he said. "And you're the closest thing to magic that I've found.
Compton Gage|O Lord that bear rule, who may know these things, but he that had not his dwelling with men?
Jessica Hagedorn The Gangster of Love|That illusion of a world so shaped that it echoes every groan, of human beings so tied together by common needs and fears that a twitch at one wrist jerks another, where however strange your experience other people have had it too, where however far you travel in your own mind someone has been there before you - - is all an illusion. We do not know our own souls, let alone the souls of others. Human beings do not go hand in hand the whole stretch of the way. There is a virgin forest in each; a snowfield where even the print of birds' feet is unknown. Here we go alone, and like it better so. Always to have sympathy, always to be accompanied, always to be understood would be intolerable.
Dan Brown, Angels & Demons|And when I look into his eyes there’s a feeling of something I can only describe as familiarity, a sense of safety. Like coming home.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Faust: First Part|You can’t, if you can’t feel it, if it neverRises from the soul, and swaysThe heart of every single hearer,With deepest power, in simple ways.You’ll sit forever, gluing things together,Cooking up a stew from other’s scraps,Blowing on a miserable fire,Made from your heap of dying ash.Let apes and children praise your art,If their admiration’s to your taste,But you’ll never speak from heart to heart,Unless it rises up from your heart’s space.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|Rose had the sort of eyes that manage perfectly well with things close by, but entirely blur out things far away. Because of this even the brightest stars had only appeared as silvery smudges in the darkness. In all her life, Rose had never properly seen a star.Tonight there was a sky full.Rose looked up, and it was like walking into a dark room and someone switching on the universe.
John Mark Green|She always said she’d already lost one child to gangs and she was not losing another. We were surrounded by gangs and kids getting in trouble blaming it on the area they lived in, but Memo and I are living proof of what my mom always said to us. You are who you choose to be. You’re only a victim of your environment if you allow yourself to be.
Holly Smale, Picture Perfect|Love puts itself first, and makes its own plans. It maps you out instead. Maybe that's what makes it perfect
Jewel|Sometimes people offer you plays, they offer you parts, but they only offer it because I'm famous.
Walt Disney Company|Don't take rest after your first victory because if you fail in second, more lips are waiting to say that your first victory was just luck.
Alex Bosworth|I stared out at the waves. "Why am I here?" I thought. Finally it came to me. But it was too late. I was a terrible lifeguard.
Karen Marie Moning, The Immortal Highlander|And okay, fine. If you have to kiss her, you have to kiss her. And believe me, I do not envy you. That's taking one for the team a little far. I mean, I think I'd rather endure the stabbing myself instead of having to kiss her.
John Rampton|Effective leadership is putting first things first. Effective management is discipline, carrying it out.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Thank God, who delivered us from great death, the doom of distress.
Shirley Corder, Strength Renewed: Meditations for Your Journey through Breast Cancer|I suppose it's unfair, tricks of argument that leave wounds, but with this sort of thing that (C.S.) Lewis does, what I feel is a craftsman's joy at the sight of a superior performance.
Brenda Rothert, Barely Breathing|At first, like a lot of trauma survivors, I was impatient and wanted immediate results. Once I caught myself in this behavior, I realized that it takes consistent commitment to heal patterns. After three or four months, I noticed a huge positive shift within myself. I felt a new level of happiness and contentment that I hadn't even known existed. I finally understood how my old trauma patterns had attracted drama in my present life. once I saw this dynamic, I made a conscious decision to "Drama Detox," and the patterns faded away.
Vishwas Chavan, Vishwasutras: Universal Principles for Living: Inspired by Real-Life Experiences|Our friends in remote areas say of a committed, organized man to be dour, taciturn. This is because they cannot see us strolling about, which is a result of our daily-to-do’s and priorities that prevent us from affording any second to lose. By the art of commitment we have learned that whenever you are loose, you lose!
Michelle Franklin|You will try to improve me, Captain, but I tell you it cannot be done. I am resigned to moral apathy and corporeal decrepitude, and have done with projections. No, Captain,” with a pining sigh, “I think I will simply sit in the shade and wait for either a customer or death, the latter I might prefer, at such a point.
Franz Kafka|In our time, the symbol of state intrusion into the private life is the mandatory urine test.
Janet Evanovich, One for the Money|I like the way you've let your hair go curly," he finally said. "Suits your personality. Lots of energy, not much control, sexy as hell,"Joe Morelli to Stephanie Plum
Jennifer Megan Varnadore|If God created great things with a point of vulnerability, it would lie in the reality that great things die in the hands of great ignorance.
Debbie Mason, The Trouble with Christmas|Vivi held up the front page of the New York Times, pointing out the headline: 'The Grinch Who Killed Christmas.'"Way to go, Grinch,
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|If you see her staring into space, probably her mind is in a deep poetic embrace or a story is brewing in her clever little head. This girl is in a trance, it will pass, just let her be until she has completed her beautiful internal dance.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Imagine if we were all magical leprechauns, and every wish ever made on a four-leaf clover obliged us to help others obtain their wishes. Now imagine if people simply lived like this were true.
Anita Diamant, The Boston Girl|My world got very small, the way it always does when someone in your family is sick.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, Tender is the Night|There's more than one way to tell each other things, and there's more than one way to listen, too.
Rainbow Rowell|Biochemistry is the science of life. All our life processes - walking, talking, moving, feeding - are essentially chemical reactions. So biochemistry is actually the chemistry of life, and it's supremely interesting.
Gretel Ehrlich, The Solace of Open Spaces|The toughness I was learning was not a martyred doggedness, a dumb heroism, but the art of accommodation. I thought: to be tough is to be fragile; to be tender is to be truly fierce.
Neil Gaiman, The Wake|But we do not need to recount every sermon and eulogy. After all, you were there.
Leonard Darwin, The Need For Eugenic Reform|Not that chance dominated events in the early Solar System, for scientific determinism was also functioning. But chance is an essential factor in all evolutionary events, and the birth and development of our planetary system were not exceptions.
Anaïs Nin, Henry and June: From "A Journal of Love"--The Unexpurgated Diary of Anaïs Nin|The impetus to grow and live intensely is so powerful in me I cannot resist it. I will work, I will love my husband, but I will fulfill myself.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|He isn't the best, neither am I. But we are the best version of ourselves with each other. And that's pretty close to Perfection.
