-Shandel Slaten|Patience is not a natural gift of a leader, it is a learned one. The more you broaden your awareness, understanding, and compassion, the better results you will get out of your people.
John Webster|The making of friends who are real friends, is the best token we have of a man's success in life.
Steve Maraboli|It's bad when they don't treat you right... but it's tragic that you continue to allow it. Let today be the day you love yourself enough to say, NEVER AGAIN!
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|Don't stop talking to me, Makenna. I need your words. Your voice.""I don't know what to say is all. I want to take away your hurt."His cheek lifted into a smile under her hand. "Thank you. But sometimes I think I need it. It reminds me I'm alive. And it makes the good times that much better. Like right now, being here, with you.
Dzongsar Jamyang Khyentse, Not For Happiness: A Guide to the So-Called Preliminary Practices|There will be times, for example, when you feel you are faking it. However hard you try genuinely to practice, it just doesn't feel right. And on the rare occasions it does feel authentic, the sensation is over almost before it began. So, try to be content with your practice, whatever it feels like, even when you are doing little more than paying it lip service, because at least you are making an effort.
Joan Baez|If it's natural to kill, how come men have to go into training to learn how?
Lisa Kleypas, Sugar Daddy|I'd sell my soul to have you. In my whole life, you'll always be what I wanted most."~ Hardy Cates
Sunday Adelaja|If you hold fast to the past, the devil will take advantage of this and use it as a weapon against you
Amelia Beamer, Loving Dead, The|Be nice to her,” I muttered under my breath. “She’s my sister; she got sick. She lost her kid. For all I know, she may have eaten her.
Anthony Trollope|In social life we hardly stop to consider how much of that daring spirit which gives mastery comes from hardness of heart rather than from high purpose, or true courage. The man who succumbs to his wife, the mother who succumbs to her daughter, the master who succumbs to his servant, is as often brought to servility by a continual aversion to the giving of pain, by a softness which causes the fretfulness of others to be an agony to himself,—as by any actual fear which the firmness of the imperious one may have produced. There is an inner softness, a thinness of the mind's skin, an incapability of seeing or even thinking of the troubles of others with equanimity, which produces a feeling akin to fear; but which is compatible not only with courage, but with absolute firmness of purpose, when the demand for firmness arises so strongly as to assert itself.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Women are the best thieves you will ever meet; they steal your heart and your last name, but never get to spend the night in jail.
Jacqueline Pawl, Defying Vesuvius|I’d seen a thousand lifetimes come and go, but had never truly lived.
Debasish Mridha|To find the rainbow and life’s incredible beauties, learn to play with adversity.
Kemi Sogunle, Beyond the Pain by Kemi Sogunle|Life is a journey filled with experiences but without the experiences, there will be no life.
John Nix-McReynolds|When either grace is turned into painted, but rotten nature, as Arminians do, or into wantonness, as others do, the error to me is of a far other and higher elevation, than opinions touching church government. Tenacious adhering to Antinomian errors, with an obstinate and final persistence in them, both as touching faith to, and suitable practice of them, I shall think, cannot be fathered upon any of the regenerated; for it is an opinion not in the margin and borders, but in the page and body, and too near the centre and vital parts of the gospel.
Anne Lamott, Help Thanks Wow: The Three Essential Prayers|Or you might shout at the top of your lungs or whisper into your sleeve, "I hate you, God." That is a prayer too, because it is real, it is truth, and maybe it is the first sincere thought you've had in months.
Scarlett Thomas, The End of Mr. Y|Real life is physical. Give me books instead. Give me the invisibility of the contents of books, the thoughts, the ideas, the images. Let me become part of a book. . . . an intertextual being: a book cyborg, or, considering that books aren't cybernetic, perhaps a bibliorg.
Joshua Bell|My fans are honestly so unique and so similar. Wherever I travel, they are so, so different but so the same.
Kajol|My grandmother was energetic and fearless - a talented poet and songwriter. She was also interested in chemistry and history and medicine, taking care of the people in her hacienda in Mexico, delivering babies. She could have become anything, but this was the 1930s, and she was forced into an arranged marriage.
Matshona Dhliwayo|One who is wise is rich, one who is virtuous is wealthy, one who is happy is affluent, and one who is loving is prosperous.
D A Carson|In a few years all our restless and angry hearts will be quiet in death, but those who come after us will live in the world which our sins have blighted or which our love of right has redeemed.
Ray Dalio|Nature gave us pain as a messaging device to tell us that we are approaching, or that we have exceeded, our limits in some way.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The devil’s overriding goal is to block God’s work— and if he can convince you God doesn’t really love you, or that you can’t fully trust Him, then he has blocked God’s work in your life and achieved his goal.
Joshua Rothman|The is no master in love, WE are all learners.
Jalaluddin Rumi, The Rumi Collection|I made a gift for you, Good Proctor. I had to sit long hours in a chair, and passed the time with sewing." - Mary Warren
Michelle Phan|I have always been delighted at the prospect of a new day, a fresh try, one more start, with perhaps a bit of magic waiting somewhere behind the morning.
Homer|When the soul looks out of its body, it should see only beauty in its path. These are the sights we must hold in mind, in order to move to a higher place.
Richelle E. Goodrich|If all of our sins, bad habits, and poor choices were permanently inked into our skin like tattoos, we would all dress quite modestly.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|You will never know the peace with God, peace of conscience, peace of mind, and peace of soul until you stand at the foot of the cross and identify yourself with Christ by faith . . . this is peace with God.
Sanjida Kay, Bone by Bone|In the fleeting light she saw the meadow, dotted with stunted hawthorns, their twisted limbs dense with red berries, and then a shape: achingly familiar, child-sized, shockingly still.
Caitlín R. Kiernan, Threshold|You think one's any different from the next? I mean, when it comes right down to brass tacks, people killing each other since they figured out how, that's all. Give them pretty names and numbers, but it's all the same to the worms.
Ray Bradbury|Self-consciousness is the enemy of all art, be it acting, writing, painting, or living itself, which is the greatest art of all.
Nina LaCour, Everything Leads to You|Echo, kissing you for the rest of my life would be good enough, and you need to get these fucked-up thoughts out of your brain. I’m scared of making love to you because you’re too good for me. I’m terrified that after I share this with you, you’ll realize the mistake, and I can’t take that. Not from you.
Alexandre Dumas|I do as I please, Monsieur Beauchamp, and believe me, what I do is always well done.
Richard J. Borden, Ecology and Experience: Reflections from a Human Ecological Perspective|A challenge to us is a great joy to us! If you see an open door, there is no challenge there and therefore there is no joy! A door must be closed so that we can obtain the joy of trying to open it!
Anne Rice, The Vampire Lestat|Of all the forces in the universe, the hardest to overcome is the force of habit.
Pearl Zhu, Digital Valley: Five Pearls of Wisdom to Make Profound Influence|Creativity is the ability to create novel value, creative mind is defined as the originator.
Tara  Leigh, Penthouse Player|So you don't do one night stands. And you're not looking for a boyfriend, or a husband. What do you want, Reina?” I swallowed, my throat suddenly dry. How could one sentence strike with the force of a lightning bolt? “How about you make me an offer?
Miranda Liasson, A Man of Honor|Kiss after wet kiss, he devoured her, almost a full year of pent-up desireunleashing in one terrible flood.
Akiroq Brost|Thinking too much about the future, especially in terms of wants and desires, constricts us. First of all, it does little, if anything to achieve goals. Secondly, consider, that what you think you may want tomorrow may not actually be what you want tomorrow. You are ever-changing and constantly evolving. It’s OK to want better for the future, but don’t expect for the future. Just as introspection is very challenging, so is knowing what is in fact good or best for us and the path there. We may think we need to do things one way, when in fact, we may need to do them in a completely different way.
Marcel Proust, Jean Santeuil|Your true self is enough. There is no need to be better than everyone else around you to be happy. True happiness comes when you are in harmony with yourself and no longer feel the need to one-up other people. Make healthy decisions, pursue your passions, and live your truth, do it all for you.
Tom Wolfe, I am Charlotte Simmons|Loneliness wasn't just a state of mind, was it? It was tactile. She could feel it. It was a sixth sense, not in some fanciful play of words, but physically. It hurt... it hurt like phagocytes devouring the white matter of her brain. It wasn't merely that she had no friends. She didn't even have a sanctuary in which she could simply be alone.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|I did not know how to reach him, how to catch up with him... The land of tears is so mysterious.
Shannon L. Alder|Every time I pass for a bad time I think of you and I forget everything. Do not think I’m exaggerating, that’s because I love you.
Michael Dell|If you want to sustain excellence over a long time, you'd better come up with a system that works well. Anyone can sprint for a little while, but you can't sprint for forty years.
Adolf Guggenbhuhl-Craig, Marriage: Dead or Alive|The central issue in the marriage is not well-being or happiness. It is, as this book has tried to demonstrate, salvation. Marriage involves not only a man and a woman who happily love each other and raise offspring together, but rather two people who are trying to individuate, to fond their soul's salvation.
Nizar Qabbani|Light is more important than the lantern,The poem more important than the notebook
Bernard Levin|It is a sad truth, but we have lost the faculty of giving lovely names to things. 
Juvy Ann, String of Fate|Life is short break the rules.forgive quickly, kiss slowly love truly. Laugh uncontrollably and never regret anything that makes you smile...
Lexis De Rothschild, The Cat Letters: A Tale of Longing, Adventure and True Love|The ocean swells around us. Sometimes, we are in a bowl of water and sometimes on the top of the lip. The horizon curves.We are sitting on top of the world.In theory, anyone is on the top of their world at every moment, given that the Earth is truly round. But, it’s hard to see that in a subway under New York City and completely obvious out here.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Dogs are loyal friends, and if they could talk, your secrets would still be safe. (If my cat could talk, I’d have to let the dog eat her.)
Trevor Noah, Born a Crime: Stories From a South African Childhood|She was thankful that in her job, she didn’t have to choose sides—she fought against currency counterfeiters, stock and bond forgers, money launderers, diamond smugglers—in short, lowlifes like Spyro Leandrou who engaged in activities that were universally perceived as wrong.
Steve Maraboli|Some people will try to talk you out of chasing your goals; not because they think you’ll fail, but because they are scared you’ll succeed.
Isaac Deutscher|Can't you see? Before you knew the truth, we were happy. What's the god in ferreting out the truth all that time? It's always unpleasant.""Is it only lies that are Pleasant?""Usually. That's why people tell them. To make life bearable.
Julie Kagawa, Talon|The gate is perfectly simple," Temeraire said. "There is only a bar across the fence, which one can lift very easily, and then it swings open; Nitidus could do it best, for his forehands are the smallest. Though it is difficult to keep the animals inside the pen, and the first time I learned how to open it, they all ran away," he added. "Maximus and I had to chase after them for hours and hours--it was not funny at all," he said, ruffled, sitting back on his haunches and contemplating Laurence with great indignation.
Joss Whedon|Each morning I do my ballet class for one hour; after that, it means one hour less to get ready.
Katie McGarry, Breaking the Rules|Oh, but my netherling side did, and she casts my human armor aside.She guides my hands, knots my fingers through his hair, teases his tongue with hers. She won’t let me pull away, because she wants to be there again. In Wonderland, where his tobacco-flavored kisses always take us . . .Because the things I loathe are the things she adores: His snark, his infuriating condescension. His menacing mastery of half-truths and riddles. The way he shoves me into the face of danger, forces me to look beyond my fears and reach for my full potential.Most of all, because he encourages me to believe in the madness ...in her . . . the darker side of myself: the queen who was born to reign over the Red kingdom and to give Wonderland a legacy of dreams and imagination.His gloved palms seek the bend of my waist, the bow of my hips. He moves me on top of him, so close there’s not enough space for a blade of grass between us. His kisses grow insistent, desperate. His flavor winds through me, fruit and smoke and earth, and other things born of shadows and storms . . . things I can’t put a name to.
Hubert Selby Jr.|I was sitting at home and had a profound experience. I experienced, in all of my Being, that someday I was going to die, and it wouldn't be like it had been happening, almost dying but somehow staying alive, but I would just die! And two things would happen right before I died: I would regret my entire life; I would want to live it over again. This terrified me. The thought that I would live my entire life, look at it and realize I blew it forced me to do something with my life.
Cheryl Tiegs|I'm really into fitness, so my hobbies are yoga, Pilates, and working out.
Rush Limbaugh|I am a traditionalist, and I'm an innovator. Most of what I do is to weigh change and legislate to the best of my ability on what should change and what should not. Do I have a respect for tradition? Of course I do. Do I have a blind belief in it? No.
Krystal Sutherland, Our Chemical Hearts|You think you can change a guy, that he’ll be different with you, that you’ll finally be the one to tame him… and before you know it, you’re alone in your underwear at nine o’clock on a Saturday night, crying to Adele songs, eating ice cream straight from the gallon, and wondering what the hell is the matter with you that you fell for such a goddamned man-child, after he explicitly warned you not to.
John Lydon|In America, the dreamers, the disabled and the disadvantaged are not left to defend themselves, alone in their struggles.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Well, young man, have you found anyone worthy of your respect?"Artemis smiled back. "Yes," he said. "I believe I have.
Brian Moore, The Lonely Passion of Judith Hearne|And the bell jangled, the driver started. The bus whirled off, to the last stop, the lonely room, the lonely night.
Jonathan Lockwood Huie|Grant that I may radiate Thy Light, Thy Love,Thy Healing, Thy Joy, and Thy Peaceto all those around meand all those in my thoughtsthis day and ever more.
Stephen Vizinczey|Desperation is a necessary ingredient to learning anything, or creating anything. Period. If you ain't desperate at some point, you ain't interesting.
Elena Ferrante|It seemed to me - articulated in words of today - that not only did she know how to put things well but she was developing a gift that I was already familiar with: more effectively than she had as a child, she took the facts and in a natural way charged them with tension; she intensified reality as she reduced it to words, she injected with energy. But I also realized, with pleasure, that, as soon as she began to do this, I felt able to do the same, and I tried and it came easily.
Martin Luther King Jr., The Autobiography of Martin Luther King, Jr.|Odi et amo. Quare id faciam, fortasse requiris. Nescio. des fieri sentio et excrucior.I hate and I love. You may ask, why I do this. I do not know. But I sense that I do and it pains me.
Brandon Sanderson, The Final Empire|He actually did it, didn't he?" Marsh said, shaking his head in wonder. "That bastard. There are two things I'll never forgive him for. The first is for stealing my dream of overthrowing the Final Empire, then actually succeeding at it."Vin paused. "And the second?"Marsh turned spike-heads towards her. "Getting himself killed to do it.
Lady Gaga|Gay kids aren’t a “plot point” that you can play with. Gay kids are real, actual kids, teenagers, growing up into awesome adults, and they don’t have the books they need to reflect that. Growing up, my nose was constantly stuck in a book. Growing up as a lesbian, I was told over and over and over by the lack of gayness in said books that I did not exist. That I wasn’t important enough to tell stories about. That I was invisible. Why are we telling our kids this? Why are we telling them that they’re a minority, and they don’t deserve the same rights as straights, that they’re going to grow up in a world that despises them, that the intolerance of humanity will never change, that they’re worthless. It’s not true.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov: A Novel in Four Parts With Epilogue|She holds herself with such reserve. She smiles, but the smile doesn't reach her eyes, even in the company of the girls she's chosen to eat with. Why?I have no clue, and I really don't want to spend my time worrying about it. But my brain pushes at the question anyway.Why are people aloof?Because they don't want to let others in.Why don't they want to let others in?Well, sometimes because they're shy, and sometimes because they're convinced of their own superiority.But those aren't the only reasons. Sometimes it's because thay have something to hide.
Benson Grayson, Strange Science Fiction and Fantasy Omnibus|In reality, time doesn't pass; we pass. Time itself is invariant. It just is. Therefore, past and future aren't separate locations, the way New York and Paris are separate locations. And since the past isn't a location, you can't travel to it.
Mao Dun, Rainbow|You have the right to promote your own happiness just like everyone else, just like me. Your present dream has been shattered, but you can dream another. You should know that 'you can't relive old dreams.' Even if you force them to come true, they won't bring you happiness.
Rebecca Solnit, A Field Guide to Getting Lost|When I first began to write, I had been a child for most of my life, and my childhood memories were vivid and potent, and the forces that shaped me, Most of them have grown fainter with time, and whenever I write one down, I give it away: it ceases to have the shadowy life of memory and becomes fixed in letters: it ceases to be mine; it loses that mobile unreliability of the live.
Stephen King, Mr. Mercedes|You're in the story with the rest of us now, and you must go with it, whether you will or no.
François de La Rochefoucauld|To me, life without veal stock, pork fat, sausage, organ meat, demi-glace, or even stinky cheese is a life not worth living.
Søren Kierkegaard|You once said that you would like to sit beside me while I write. Listen, in that case I could not write at all. For writing means revealing oneself to excess; that utmost of self-revelation and surrender, in which a human being, when involved with others, would feel he was losing himself, and from which, therefore, he will always shrink as long as he is in his right mind-- for everyone wants to live as long as he is alive-- even the degree of self-revelation and surrender is not enough for writing.Writing that springs from the surface of existence-- when there is no other way and deeper wells have dried up-- is nothing, and collapses the moment a truer emotion makes the surface shake. That is why one can never be alone enough when one writes, why there can never be enough silence around one when one writes, why even night is not night enough.
Sherry K. White|People have a hunger to experience the spectacular, but the Lord is supernatural.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Challenges are unavoidable, yet unpredictable! ...but the good news is "every challenge is overcome-able". You are an over-comer. Believe and overcome!
Mark Andrew Poe, Halloween Nightmares|Diligence, hard work, perseverance, excellence are the values that cause things to happen.
Francis Bacon|I wanted to race cars. I didn't like school, and all I wanted to do was work on cars. But right before I graduated, I got into a really bad car accident, and I spent that summer in the hospital thinking about where I was heading. I decided to take education more seriously and go to a community college.
Debasish Mridha|How you accept a situation, is your choice and depends on your power of perception.
Eraldo Banovac|A free man does not do what must be done, but what should be done.
Princess Mazzaloulou, The Beautiful Dance of Life|Everything happens at the open window, the portal into another world. Our experience of life depends upon whether we stay the safe side of the window or have the courage to go through." The Beautiful Dance of Life.
Jessica Sorensen, The Ever After of Ella and Micha|Just because death would eventually separate us, that didn't mean it would destroy what we had. I am forever yours, in this life or the next. Some things could penetrate even the formidable barrier of death, and love was one of them.
Matt Haig, Reasons to Stay Alive|Goals are the source of misery. An unattained goal causes pain, but actually achieving it brings only a brief satisfaction.
John James Audubon|There's so much beautiful music in the world, and the kids are getting robbed.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Be assertive, in speech and in conduct.
William Shakespeare, Macbeth|One of the Georges," said Psmith, "I forget which, once said that a certain number of hours' sleep a day--I cannot recall for the moment how many--made a man something, which for the time being has slipped my memory. However, there you are. I've given you the main idea of the thing; and a German doctor says that early rising causes insanity.
Bette Lee Crosby, The Regrets of Cyrus Dodd|I once heard an elder say that the dead who have no use for their words leave them as part of their children's inheritance. Proverbs, teeth suckings, obscenities, even grunts and moans once inserted in special places during conversations, all are passed along to the next heir.
Emma Mills, First & Then|I'm glad you're here,' said Laurent. 'I always thought that I'd have to face my uncle alone.' He turned to look at Damen, and their eyes met.'You're not alone,' said Damen.Laurent didn't answer, but he did give a smile, and reached out to touch Damen, wordlessly.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Beautiful and Damned|...because when you're young, you don't really believe you'll ever be anything other than young.
Ilona Andrews, Magic Slays|Andrea raised her hand. “This is the hand that slapped Aunt B.”“Maybe you should have it gold-plated.”“Here, you can touch it, since you’re my best friend.
Alafair Burke|As both a local resident and a parent with a CF-afflicted child, I'm thankful for companies like Canon, Chase and Outback who believe that giving back to the community is critical to their role as corporate citizens.
Rainer Maria Rilke|It is always what I have already said: always the wish that you may find patience enough in yourself to endure, and simplicity enough to believe; that you may acquire more and more confidence in that which is difficult, and in your solitude among others. And for the rest, let life happen to you. Believe me: life is right, in any case.
Bella Forrest, A Shade of Blood|This, Derek, is what you’re going to turn into without her in your life. You can only get worse from here. This is why you need her.
Tim Kimmel, Why Christian Kids Rebel: Trading Heartache for Hope|Now they seemed to be in a contest over who could irritate her more, and she sometimes had to remind herself that teenagers had souls
Mehmet Murat ildan|Democracy means government by the uneducated, while aristocracy means government by the badly educated.
John Cheever, The Stories of John Cheever|Standing in the rain outside the door of Percy’s old house, we seemed bound together not by blood and not by love but by a sense that the world and its works were hostile.
Isabelle Joshua, The Swallow|Describing our romantic longings in 'Life preserves,' therapist Harriet Lerner shares that most people want a partner 'who is mature and intelligent, loyal and trustworthy, loving and attentive, sensitive and open, kind and nurturant, competent and responsible.' No matter the intensity of this desire, she concludes: 'Few of us evaluate a prospective partner with the same objectivity and clarity that we might use to select a household appliance or a car.' To be capable of critically evaluating a partner we would need to be able to stand back and look critically at ourselves, at our needs, desires, and longings..... We fear that evaluating our needs and then carefully choosing partners will reveal that there is no one for us to love. Most of us prefer to have a partner who is lacking then no partner at all. What becomes apparent is that we may be more interested in finding a partner than in knowing love.
Richelle Mead, Frostbite|It was a lame excuse, and I knew that wasn't the reason he was canceling. If he wanted to avoid me, I would have preferred he made up something about how he and the other guardians had to up Moroi security or practice top-secret ninja moves.
C. JoyBell C.|It takes a really long time to realize this, but if you’re lucky you eventually see that you’ve got this life on this planet and you’re responsible for really loving yourself. And I mean really, really, really loving yourself. Love is never a corruption. I’m talking about loving yourself with a true love, a love that’s incorruptible and everlasting.
Halldór Laxness, Independent People|The distinctive features of the world's civilisations are not simply and solely the giraffe and the city of Rome, as the children may perhaps have been led to imagine on the first evening, but also the elephant and the country of Denmark, beside many other things. Yes, everyday brought its new animal and its new country, its new kings and its new gods, its quota of those tough little figures which seem to have no significance, but are nevertheless endowed with a life and a value of their own, and may be added together or subtracted from one another at will. And finally poetry, which is grater than any country ; poetry with its bright palaces.
Lorna Sage, Bad Blood|They sent spies", Gramma went on, her voice a hush, "and they look like one man, but they can split into two, then four, and so on. I've seen it before. During the war. It's a Communist trick and they taught it to the Democrats so that they could take our guns. I would have fought them off, but they already made the shotgun disappear.
David Rockwell|With imagination and personal creativity, people who sew can design the way they look to suit themselves.
Sanhita Baruah|Sometimes it's your fragrance that comes to me, out of the blue, on a crowded road in a Sunday afternoon.But more often, it's memories of us that cross my mind almost every lone evening.All I want is to lessen the pain I feel every night.But every morning I wake up is another day, hopeless and miserable, with nothing but a deafening silence, a wave of tears, memories and your absence.
Syed Arshad, If It's Not Love|People who think love can happen twice, actually never fell in it the first time.
Patrick Carman, Into the Mist|Thorn gazed back and forth between the two of us. "You could have left me behind, but you stayed. I won't forget that.
Ehsan Sehgal|Love is the natural constitution of life. Its main clause; the sex and others such as respect, equality and tolerance are the essential terms to succeed the pleasure of life.
JJ FIELD|you can win a talent show and be so famous that you cant walk down the street,but no-one knows you next monday.
Jellis Vaes|Understand one thing very clearly. Because all this: your time, this world, your life in it and all of those opportunities, they have a deadline.
Beryl Markham, West with the Night|We need a home in the psychological sense as much as we need one in the physical: to compensate for a vulnerability. We need a refuge to shore up our states of mind, because so much of the world is opposed to our allegiances. We need our rooms to align us to desirable versions of ourselves and to keep alive the important, evanescent sides of us.
Don Carpenter|The more he loved and was loved, the better his life got. At once it seemed to Jack like a magical solution to everything. If only everyone loved everyone else! Then there would be no trouble in the world. It seemed so easy. If we all just reached our hands out to each other, what peaks of human joy could we not achieve!
Vincent Louis Carrella|There is his religion of art, my young successor: rejecting life! Not living is what he makes his beautiful fiction out of! And you will now be the person he is not living with!
Gustave Courbet|Be careful that you do not write or paint anything that is not your own, that you don't know in your own soul.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|A blessed hope, a blessed life.
Scott Adams, The Dilbert Future: Thriving on Stupidity in the 21st Century|I'd rather be the last runner who saw a cool thing that everyone else missed, than to be a speedy runner who had a miserable experience.
Rebecca McNutt, Mandy and Alecto: The Collected Smog City Book Series|If Iona's heart were to burst and his misery to flow out, it would flood the whole world, it seems, but yet it is not seen. It has found a hiding-place in such an insignificant shell that one would not have found it with a candle by daylight....
Randa Manning-Johnson|When you consciously decide to be in a good mood every morning, you create an atmosphere of joy and peace. Practice mood control daily... it will then become a habit. Don't put the control of your emotions in the hands of others.
Deyth Banger|The Orthodox liturgy begins with the solemn doxology: "Blessed is the Kingdom of the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit, now and ever, and unto ages on ages." From the beginning the destination is announced: the journey is to the Kingdom. This is where we are going- and not symbolically, but really. In the language of the Bible, which is the language of the church, to bless the Kingdom is not simply to acclaim it. It is to declare it to be the goal, the end of all our desires and interests, of our whole life, the supreme and ultimate value of all that exists. To bless is to accept it. This acceptance is expressed in the solemn answer to the doxology: Amen.
Jackie Kay, Wish I Was Here|Let it rain to You and drips on me, together we will get wet
Lailah Gifty Akita|Without the nourishment of the soul, there is no strength of spirit.
Benjamin Franklin, The Way to Wealth|The wicked are wicked, no doubt, and they go astray and they fall, and they come by their deserts; but who can tell the mischief which the very virtuous do?
William Shakespeare, Twelfth Night|And here, I believe, the wit is generally misunderstood. In reality, it lies in desiring another to kiss your a-- for having just before threatened to kick his; for I have observed very accurately, that no one ever desires you to kick that which belongs to himself, nor offers to kiss this part in another.
Bram Stoker, Dracula|We learn from failure, not from success!
Charlotte Eriksson, Another Vagabond Lost To Love: Berlin Stories on Leaving & Arriving|Her direct stare probed, as if the story of my life were written in my eyes in a few succinct lines that she could read.
Nanette L. Avery|When we are young we squander time as though it were unlimited; When we grow older, then like beggars we wish for crumbs of remembrance...
Washington Irving, Tales of the Alhambra|Such were our minor preparations for the journey, but above all we laid in an ample stock of good-humour, and a genuine disposition to be pleased; determining to travel in true contrabandista style; taking things as we found them, rough or smooth, and mingling with all classes and conditions in a kind of vagabond companionship. It is the true way to travel in Spain.
Sarah Hackley, Women Will Save the World|My God, what have they done to you? This isn't a man, it's a broken kite.
Andry Chang, Sang Pemburu|Come forth, Paladins!Fulfill your destiny!
Charles de Montesquieu|If you think aficionados of a living Constitution want to bring you flexibility, think again. You think the death penalty is a good idea? Persuade your fellow citizens to adopt it. You want a right to abortion? Persuade your fellow citizens and enact it. That's flexibility.
Fennel Hudson, Traditional Angling - Fennel's Journal - No. 6|Angling is a sport, so sporting ethics should apply.
Kenya Wright, Fire Baptized|If there is in this world a well-attested account, it is that of vampires. Nothing is lacking: official reports, affidavits of well-known people, of surgeons, of priests, of magistrates; the judicial proof is most complete. And with all that, who is there who believes in vampires?
Brandon Sanderson, Steelheart|Who are your heroes?" asked Jo."Grandfather and Napoleon.
Dag Hammarskjöld, Markings|Acts of violence-- Whether on a large or a small scale, the bitter paradox: the meaningfulness of death--and the meaninglessness of killing.
Chuck Palahniuk, Survivor|Six hundred and forty fish later, the only thing I know is everything you love will die. The first time you meet someone special, you can count on them one day being dead and in the ground.
Kei Miller, The Cartographer Tries to Map a Way to Zion|They might be talking in perfect latin tongue and without warning begin to talk in perfect anglo tongue and keep it up like that, alternating between a thing that believes itself to be perfect and a thing that believes itself to be perfect, morphing back and forth between two beasts until out of carelessness or clear intent they suddenly stop switching tongues and start speaking that other one. In it brims nostalgia for the land they left or never knew when they use the words with which they name objects; while actions are alluded to with an anglo verb conjugated latin-style, pinning on a sonorous tail from back there. Using in one tongue the word for a thing in the other makes the attributes of both resound: if you say Give me fire when they say Give me a light, what is not to be learned about fire, light and the act of giving? It’s not another way of saying things: these are new things
Missy Lyons, Alien Promise|My fingers itched to touch, my lips begged to taste and my body buzzed with a frenzied energy, but my mind screamed to move far away from him fast.
John Webster, The White Devil|Maybe tell me about those letters. Confession is good for the soul."I expected her to tear into me yet again, but instead she stayed silent for several seconds, running her fingers over the trim of her blanket. "I do belive my soul is past the point of helping.""That's not true. It's never too late."She looked at the town as we walked by, her eyes heavy with fatigue. And an ache so deep, it didn't have a name. I'd seen that look in my own mirror."I gave up that right many years ago," she said. "My fate is like those envelopes-sealed and tossed aside.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Daybreak: Thoughts on the Prejudices of Morality|The drive to knowledge has become too strong for us to be able to want happiness without knowledge or of a strong, firmly rooted delusion; even to imaginesuch a state of things is painful to us! Restless discovering and divining has such an attraction for us, and has grown as indispensable to us as is to the lover his unrequited love, which he would at no price relinquish for a state of indifference – perhaps,indeed, we too are unrequited lovers.
Alexandra Kleeman, Intimations: Stories|Say something to it, he said.As I looked at the baby, I felt nothing taking shape in mind or mouth. I had no idea what the sort of things were that somebody would say to a baby. I had no idea why anyone would say anything to a baby. I held it carefully, as one would a sack of apples. And then, with him watching me, nodding encouragingly, I began to say to it, for lack of anything else to say, all the words I had ever known, in order.
Jeff Lindsay, Dearly Devoted Dexter|I know family comes first, but shouldn't that mean after breakfast?
Akhenaton|My advice to you is not to inquire why or whither, but just enjoy your ice cream while it's on your plate.
Katrina Abbott, This Point Forward|Fate was cruel to play this trick on her, although if she were honest she knew she only had herself to blame. She had taken the chance and now she had to pay the price.
Carol Vorderman|Our judgments judge us, and nothing reveals us, exposes our weaknesses, more ingeniously than the attitude of pronouncing upon our fellows.
Scarlett Thomas, PopCo|In the past few decades quite a few people have suggested -- citing most often the offence of impossible proportions -- that Barbie dolls teach young girls to hate themselves. But the opposite may be true. British researchers recently found that girls between the ages of seven and eleven harbor surprisingly strong feelings of dislike for their Barbie dolls, with no other toy or brand name inspiring such a negative response from the children. The dolls "provoked rejection, hatred, and violence" and many girls preferred Barbie torture -- by cutting, burning, decapitating, or microwaving -- over other ways of playing with the doll. Reasons that the girls hated their Barbies included, somewhat poetically, the fact that they were 'plastic.' The researchers also noted that the girls never spoke of one single, special Barbie, but tended to talk about having a box full of anonymous Barbies. 'On a deeper level Barbie has become inanimate,' one of the researchers remarked. 'She has lost any individual warmth that she might have possessed if she were perceived as a singular person. This may go some way towards explaining the violence and torture.
clinton peter|everyone needs a hand, which takes them to an another world
Criss Jami, Healology|Whether you try too hard to fit in or you try too hard to stand out, it is of equal consequence: you exhaust your significance.
B. Brett Finlay, Let Them Eat Dirt: Saving Our Children from an Oversanitized World|He thought, Yeah. Yeah, non-smokers live seven years longer. Which seven will be subtracted by the god called Time? It won't be that convulsive, heart-bursting spell between twenty-eight and thirty-five. No. It'll be that really cool bit between eighty-six and ninety-three.
Max Ehrmann, Desiderata - A Poem for a Way of Life|Every notion that any man, dead, living, or unborn, might form as to the universe will necessarily prove wrong
Doug MacLeod, Siggy and Amber|I feel like I’m going to die,’ he says.‘Could we talk for a few minutes before you die?’‘Only if you do it quietly.’‘I met this girl last night. I need your advice.’‘Come back later.’‘No. You might be dead.
Dee Duncan|Ruthless destruction of an ego is a rather simple matter. Preserving the host deprived of an ego is a more delicate affair. How does a person engage in momentous battle with the self while simultaneously struggling to maintain their cerebral, emotive, and spiritual equilibrium in the thin air of consciousness? How assiduously does an agitated mind need to work in order to achieve the elusive degree of emotional and mental quietness that I seek?
Juan Felipe Herrera|The reason why we do maths is because it's like poetry. It's about patterns, and that really turned me on. It made me feel that maths was in tune with the other things I liked doing.
Mignon McLaughlin|So then learn to conquer your fear. This is the only art we have to master nowadays: to look at things without fear, and to fearlessly do right.
F.T. McKinstry, The Eye of Odin|Master of magic, god of war, Odin wanders alone.
Robert G. Ingersoll, Humboldt From 'The Gods and Other Lectures'|The glory of science is, that it is freeing the soul -- breaking the mental manacles -- getting the brain out of bondage -- giving courage to thought -- filling the world with mercy, justice, and joy.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|We can block our blessings with one thought, one decision. Sometimes your blessing may require certain actions on your behalf. You asked for the job? Now, you must get dressed and go to the interview and prove yourself worthy of the position. When you move, you activate your faith. And, suddenly everything falls into place. Faith without works is dead.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|The unfortunate thing is that, sometimes, we slip, but, fortunately, consciously or unconsciously, we learn from our slips all the time, except some people!
Frank Sonnenberg, BookSmart: Hundreds of real-world lessons for success and happiness|Keeping score, in friendships, is a losing game.
Robert A.F. Thurman, Why the Dalai Lama Matters: His Act of Truth as the Solution for China, Tibet, and the World|Buddhism is all about science. If science is the systematic pursuit of the accurate knowledge of reality, then science is Buddhism, Buddhism is science.
Robert Thier, Storm and Silence|When you live by the demands and supply of life, it becomes a pleasurable adventure.
Maggie Georgiana Young, Just Another Number|It wasn’t really a loud-mouthed, hyperactive little pig-tailed blonde that made Carl cringe. It was what I represented. While his upbringing was battered humiliation, I was spoiled, doted on, and spoon-fed by the world. I don’t think he was even aware of his intentions to reduce that child to his own state of self-loathing, but he was truly brilliant at it.
C.M. Rayne, Dark Oracle|Darkness swallows everything, even pain. That’s what makes it so tempting. Comforting. It disguises weakness as strength.
Gabriela M. Sanchez|No matter what happens, I will always love myself.
Perry Moore|Heroes are more than just stories, they’re people. And people are complicated; people are strange. Nobody is a hero through and through, there’s always something in them that’ll turn sour... you’ll learn it one day. There are no heroes, only villains who win.
Artist Lisa May|Aaron's therapist calls him a wounded bird, but, I ask you, who wouldn't care for a wounded bird? What kind of person sees a bird with a broken wing, cat on the horizon, and walks on by?
Colleen Atwood|I worked in fashion, but I worked more in the sales side of fashion than in design. I was an assistant buyer for a department store back in the '70s and the early years of Saint Laurent. And I used to have a lot of private clients that I bought for.
Tina Packer, Women of Will: Following the Feminine in Shakespeare's Plays|[Shakespeare realized that] Women are able to understand themselves better on a personal level and survive in the world if they dress in men's clothing, thus living underground, safe (...). The presence of women disguising themselves as men dictates that the play be a comedy; women remaining in their frocks, a tragedy. In four great tragedies -Julius Caesar, Hamlet, Othello, and King Lear- almost all the women die (...). How much the women have to adhere to the rules and regulations of their enviroment makes a large difference. Once Rosalind [disguised as a man in As You Like It] has run away from the court, she has no institutional structures to deal with. Ophelia [in her frocks] is surrounded tightly by institutional structures of family, court, and politics; only by going mad can be get out of it all.
Julius Caesar|The whole secret of existence is to have no fear. Never fear what will become of you, depend on no one. Only the moment you reject all help are you freed.
Derek Landy, Last Stand of Dead Men|Frames 221 to 223: The motorcade is now in front of the camera lens, moving ever so slowly. The President and First Lady are waving to the crowd. The President almost stands up to send kisses to a few ladies in the front rows, but the First Lady holds him by the arm. The President sits back comfortably in his Lincoln. He is enjoying himself terribly.
Abraham Hicks|If there is any intelligence guiding this universe, philosophy wishes to know and understand it and reverently work with it; if there is none, philosophy wishes to know that also, and face it without fear. If the stars are but transient coagulations of haphazard nebulae, if life is a colloidal accident, impersonally permanent and individually fleeting, if man is only a compound of chemicals, destined to disintegrate and utterly disappear, if the creative ecstasy of art, and the gentle wisdom of the sage, and the willing martyrdom of saints are but bright incidents in the protoplasmic pullulation of the earth, and death is the answer to every problem and the destiny of every soul--then philosophy will face that too, and try to find within that narrowed circle some significance and nobility for man.
Osunsakin Adewale|Your yesterday does not really matter , what matter most is the days to come .
Aatish Taseer, The Way Things Were|That particular fear has the texture you can neither forget nor describe. It is like the fear of the victims of an earthquake, of people who have lost faith in the stillness of the earth. And yet it is not the same. It is without analogy for it is not comparable to the fear of nature, which is the most universal of human fears, nor to the fear of violence of the state, which is the commonest of modern fears. It is the fear that comes from the knowledge that normalcy is utterly contingent, that spaces that surround one, the streets that one inhabits, can become, suddenly and without warning, as hostile as a desert in a flash flood. It is this that sets apart the thousand million people who inhabit the subcontinent from the rest of the world - not language, not food, not music - it is the special quality of loneliness that grows out of the fear of the war between oneself and one's image in the mirror.
Kristine K. Stevens, If Your Dream Doesn't Scare You, It Isn't Big Enough: A Solo Journey Around the World|I was 8,569 miles away, 37 butt-numbing hours of travel across seven time zones in the last two days, or was it three? Amelia Earhart, eat your heart out.
Garey  Gordon, The Values Pursued Life: Excellence and Greatness from Within|In essence, we are deeper than being; we are character, which contains the conscious forces of love, justice, kindness, faith, and forgiveness.
ketan r shah|Mel opened her jaw wide to stretch it out before she spoke again so that her words were very clear. “I am going to kill you. I’m going to drag your sorry carcass out into the desert, pour honey all over you, and let the fire ants eat you.”“You’re angry,” he said.“Thank you, Captain Obvious,” Mel snapped.
Nathaniel Hawthorne|America is now wholly given over to a damned mob of scribbling women, and I should have no chance of success while the public taste is occupied with their trash.
Frances Watts, The Peony Lantern|I watched as he raised his hand to run a finger down my nose to my lips, then traced my mouth.The feather-light touch made me shiver. "What are you doing?""I'm drawing you, so that I'll have you in my fingertips while you are gone.
Elizabeth Bowen|«…you’re too old not to have had, how shall I say, certain experiences. You’ve had bad internet dates. You’ve had people be creeps to you. You’ve seen what you’ve seen; you’ve felt what you’ve felt. Ideology is for people who don’t trust their own experiences and perceptions of the world»«I feel like I am going mad»«Madness is actually quite rare in individuals. It’s groups of people who go mad. Countries, cults ... religions»
Catherynne M. Valente, In the Night Garden|I would have chosen any other than this for my prison. A rhinoceros is as ugly as a human being, and it too is going to die, but at least it never thinks that it is beautiful.
Kimberly Stedronsky Adams, Fall|Intelligence is not measured by the mind's ability to compute, but by the heart's will to contrive.
Alexandra Fuller|The doctor in Murare is old - old for anybody. He is especially old for a doctor and especially old for an African. But he doesn´t have the luxury of retirement to look forward to. There aren´t enough doctors in Africa. Those who choose to become doctors here don´t do it for the money or because thy want to do good. They do it because they have to heal, the way most people need to breath or eat or love. They can´t stop. As long as they are alive, they will never not be a doctor. They can be old, or alcoholic or burnt-out, but they will always be a doctor.
Robert C. Solomon|J'ai lu les postmodernistes avec un certain intérêt avec même admiration. Mais quand je les lis, j'ai toujours cet horrible sentiment lancinant que quelque chose d'absolument essentiel est oublié. Plus on dit qu'une personne est un produit social, ou un confluent de forces ou fragmentée, ou marginalisée et plus on ouvre tout un nouveau monde d'excuses.
Bahauddin, The Drowned Book: Ecstatic and Earthy Reflections of the Father of Rumi|Grief is better than happiness, because in grief a person draws close to God. Your wings open. A tent is set up in the desert where God can visit you. Wealth that arrives in grief is what we spend in joy. The soul is greater than anything you ever lost.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|A great future awaits you. However, you have to divorce your past and get hooked for a better life. Embrace the great future ahead with all optimism!
Mary Ellen Mark|More and more companies are reaching out to their suppliers and contractors to work jointly on issues of sustainability, environmental responsibility, ethics, and compliance.
Arne Jacobsen|If architecture had nothing to do with art, it would be astonishingly easy to build houses, but the architect's task - his most difficult task - is always that of selecting.
Paul Johnson, Modern Times|His (Lenin's)humanitarianism was a very abstract passion. It embraced humanity in general but he seems to have had little love for, or even interest in, humanity in particular. He saw the people with whom he dealt, his comrades, not as individuals but as receptacles for his ideas. On that basis, and no other, they were judged. He judged man not by their moral qualities but by their views, or rather the degree to which they accepted his.
Robert Louis Stevenson, Prince Otto|The vastest things are those we may not learn.We are not taught to die, nor to be born,Nor how to burnWith love.How pitiful is our enforced returnTo those small things we are the masters of.
Kevin J.  Donaldson, 10 Secrets of the New Rich: How To Join The World's New Breed Of Millionaires|The only way to stop the blaming-complaining cycle is to start being truly positive. No matter how bad your day is, always find something to be grateful for everyday. And expect only the best from people.
Nike Campbell-Fatoki|Be dissatisfied with what is, but remain visionary of what can be done.
Carl Bernstein, All the President's Men|Until the August 1 story about the Dahlberg check, the working relationship between Bernstein and Woodward was more competitive than anything else. Each had worried that the other might walk off with the remainder of the story by himself. If one had gone chasing after a lead at night or on a weekend, the other felt compelled to do the same.-- Carl Bernstein, Bob Woodward
Curtis Tyrone Jones|‪A wise man once said, 'Life is like breathing. If you try to hold it, you'll lose it. But let it come & go & you'll always be connected to it.'‬
Eleanor Catton, The Luminaries|Love cannot be reduced to a catalogue of reasons why, and a catalogue of reasons cannot be put together into love.
Rosen Topuzov|Time is money, but money isn't time
Isabel  Lopez, Isabel's Hand-Me-Down Dreams|Rick guided her to the outside balcony where they made love under the springtime mountain night. As Renee moaned across the valley below, Rick realized that he hadn’t closed the door and that her delightful calls probably echoed into the lobby below. There was a thought that he should close the door. But he didn’t.
Gregory David Roberts, Shantaram|A wise man once told me- he’s a muslim by the way- that he has more in common with a jew than he does a fanatic of his own religion. He has more in common with a rational, reasonable-minded Christian or a Buddhist or Hindu than he does with a fanatic of his own religion. In fact, he has more in common with a ration, reasonable-minded atheist than he does with a fanatic of his own religion
Mark Twain|No, what he didn't like about heroes was that they were usually suicidally gloomy when sober and homicidally insane when drunk.
Cherise Sinclair, The Dom's Dungeon|You see, when you're excited, your body has trouble telling the difference between pain and pleasure.
Kiera Van Gelder|But what if you simply don't have a solid self to return to—if the way you are is seen as basically broken? And what if you can't conceive of "normal" or "healthy" because pain and loneliness are all you remember?
Colleen Houck, Tiger's Quest|You didn’t think I’d let you go alone, did you?”“No, but I’m grateful that I had you with me.”“Grateful is all I’m going to get, isn’t it?”“What else were you hoping for?”“Adoration, devotion, affection, infatuation, or just plain finding me irresistible.”“Sorry, Don Juan. You’ll have to live with my undying gratitude.
Lailah Gifty Akita, The Alphabets of  Success: Passion Driven Life|Imagination of a place, attracted the possibility of my travel to the place.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Why do we come to the world, only to suffer and depart? This is a unsolved misery.
sel|That was how people got through life, he supposed: by acknowledging death and telling it, “Not today.
A. E. van Vogt|People say I don't write books, I make Christmas presents.
Joyce Carol Oates, Foxfire: Confessions of a Girl Gang|... because the Legs wasn't fearful of heights or swimming in rough water or Death itself she wasn't afraid to risk making a fool of herself. Maybe you think that's something of no consequence but it isn't - for making a fool of yourself, offering yourself to others to laugh at, to jeer, that takes guts.
Gina Damico, Croak|Y’all ever seen that 'monkeys typing in a room for eternity would eventually create the works of Shakespeare' quote? Well, one time Drew got high and stated, 'Wait, that happened already. We’re monkeys, and space is eternity, and we typed, and it happened.' He insisted we put it in the book.
Henry Drummond|Come with me into the woods where spring isadvancing, as it does, no matter what,not being singular or particular, but oneof the forever gifts, and certainly visible.
Alex Gaskarth|Life's greatest tragedy is not that it will someday end, but that most only live to follow directions and sometimes we end up totally lost.
James Caskey|Descending south into St. Augustine’s Historic District along A1A, visitors are immediately confronted by an edifice which serves as a stark reminder that the city was originally founded as a military outpost, deep in hostile territory. Jutting up like a molar from the defensive teeth of the Ancient City is the forbidding fortress of Castillo de San Marcos, a coquina fortification which has served many roles it its nearly three hundred fifty year history.
Shannon L. Alder|You either live the life that is easy or you live the life that is difficult, but appreciate it more.
Stephanie Lawton, Want|His grip on my shoulder tightens. His other hand behind my head caresses me softly and I sigh."Touch me, Skye."His voice is rough, almost sounding like a groan.
B.R. Ambedkar, Writings And Speeches: A Ready Reference Manual|Though, I was born a Hindu, I solemnly assure you that I will not die as a Hindu
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Christianity is being compared with other religions as never before. Some so-called Christian leaders even advocate the working out of a system of morals, ethics, and religion that would bring together all the religions of the world. It cannot be done. Jesus Christ is unique.
Inio Asano, Solanin|The step that we are on is only a step to the next place, and no step regardless of how massive is ever a destination.
Neil Gaiman, The Graveyard Book|Bod shrugged. "So?" he said. "It's only death. I mean, all of my best friends are dead.
Sami Abouzid|I cannot resist your heart, you are so hard to find, each and every night I’m always thinking of you
Leanne Waters, My Secret Life|Remember to stop as often as necessary to re-connect your energy. Stay full, stay in a state of love. Remember that once you achieve the state of love, nothing nor anyone can pull more energy from you that you can replace. In fact, the energy flowing out of you creates a current that pulls energy into you at the same rate. You can never run out. But you must stay conscious of this process in order for it to work. This is especially important when you interact with people.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|In a world like this one, only the random makes sense.
Yann Martel, What is Stephen Harper Reading?: Yann Martel's Recommended Reading for a Prime Minister and Book Lovers of All Stripes|You might have noticed that I have been sending you used books. I have done this not to save money, but to make a point which is that a used book, unlike a used car, hasn't lost any of its initial value. A good story rolls of the lot into the hands of its new reader as smoothly as the day it was written. And there's another reason for these used paperbacks that never cost much even when new; I like the idea of holding a book that someone else has held, of eyes running over lines that have already seen the light of other eyes. That, in one image, is the community of readers, is the communion of literature.
Dean F. Wilson, Worldwaker|Darkness gathered there, smothering out the sunlight. As the fleet headed towards it, it threatened to smother them too.
J.L. Powers, The Confessional|I've always thought that love was being foolish and stupid. It's about being on the edge and I like being on the edge. It's not divine madness like some people think, there's no such thing as divine madness, madness is just madness. Love is hallucinating without drugs.
Alice Hoffman|What was desire anyway, when examined in the clear light of day? Was it the way a woman searched for her clothes in the morning, or the manner in which a man might watch her sit before the mirror and comb her hair? Was it a pale November dawn, when ice formed on windowpanes and crows called from the bare black trees? Or was it the way a person might yield to the night, setting forth on a path so unexpected that daylight would never again be completely clear?
Margaret Thatcher|I always cheer up immensely if an attack is particularly wounding because I think, well, if they attack one personally, it means they have not a single political argument left.
Jasper Siegel Seneschal, Citations: A Brief Anthology|He was of the mold from which great men are made. Having said of anything 'Let it be done' he at once felt not only that it was accomplished, but that he had done it himself.
Anita Brookner, Look at Me|Of course, the spectacle of two people's happiness is always something of a magnet for the unclaimed.
Debasish Mridha|When you search for happiness, it flies away.When you serve others, you will find the way.When you share blessings and express kindness,You will find the source of enduring happiness.
Jack Kerouac, On the Road|Our battered suitcases were piled on the sidewalk again; we had longer ways to go. But no matter, the road is life
William E. Jefferson|Even in societies where words are often strictly controlled, messages diverse never die. Resembling seeds scattered here and there, they find all manner of cracks and crevices to root.
Daniel "Z" Hastings, Soulfire|In life it is difficult to find a way of life, but later is much more difficult to stay on that road... So before any decisions think carefully.
D.H. Lawrence, Lady Chatterley's Lover|The best heroines, she'd always believed, took their fate into their own hands.
Carroll Bryant|There are so many simple things getting unnoticed in me, it makes me feel I am a robot!
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Build a name. Personal branding is all about name building. I don’t just mean alphabetical name, but a name that can be spelt in the skills you have and pronounced with the things you do
Jay Pharoah|I try to study the background of the country I am in and what were my hits there, so I can at least give them some of what they want. It's like a wedding - give them something old, something new, something borrowed and definitely something blue!
Roger Bannister|As far as I'm concerned, Americans don't drink nearly enough. A good alcoholic poisoning of the brain now and then clears it out in a way that nothing else can.
Adalbert de Vogüé, Aimer Le Jeune: L'Experience Monastique|The discrepancy between the modern observance and the prescriptions of the Rule had struck me ever since the novitiate, and no satisfactory explanation had ever been given to me. People said that man had changed: the weakness of people's health no longer allows us to fast. Was it true?
Mercy Cortez, Messy and Shattered|Who do you think's after you, Shane, my lad? Or is it just the dark you're afeared of?
Nikki Rowe|There is no certainty, not even your next breath. Live like you are dieing because in reality we all are.
Hélène Cixous, The Book of Promethea|But I am just a woman who thinks her duty is not to forget. And this duty, which I believe I must fulfill, is: "as a woman" living now I must repeat again and again "I am a woman," because we exist in an epoch still so ancient and ignorant and slow that there is still always the danger of gynocide.
Robert Breeze, 2083: The Chronicles Of Hope|Most people are surprised to hear how they really sound, as the American media uses the call of the red-tailed hawk when showing an eagle. They don’t think the eagle sounds regal enough. And so we lie to ourselves about the very identity of our national icon . . .
Anne Hathaway|My father's very public life as Famous Amos was the opposite of that of his ex-wife, my mother Shirley, who was fighting a very private, solitary battle with mental illness.
Richard Ford, The Sportswriter|For writers - even sportswriters - bad news is always easier than good, since it is, after all, more familiar.
Debasish Mridha|Peace is inner joy, tranquility, nonjudgmental love and universal compassion.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart|…because talent isn't genius, and no amount of energy can make it so. I want to be great, or nothing.
Jacob Appelbaum|One of the first unanswerable questions I asked was when I was eight years old. Some cousins of mine always said a prayer before eating: God is kind, God is good, And we thank him For our food.At that time we always heard the children in Europe were starving, therefore we should not waste any food. Two questions arose in my mind. First, what I knew about poetry was that it had to rhyme, and 'food' and 'good' didn't rhyme, so I always said 'Fud' with a silent sneer, and made it rhyme.Second: I once asked my aunt if god is good and we thank him for our Fud, why are the kids in Europe starving? I asked her if the kids in Europe were all bad. I remember her saying, 'Be thankful that you have food,' but, of course, she couldn't deal with the rest of it.I never accepted religion so I had nothing to reject as such. The history of 'Christiansanity' (my own coinage of which I am proud!) is so brutal of mind, emotions, freedom, progress, science, and all that I hold precious, that by any standards of justice its leaders in almost any given period would be incarcerated for life, or worse!
Kathy Najimy|Students often have such a lofty idea of what a poem is, and I want them to realize that their own lives are where the poetry comes from. The most important things are to respect the language; to know the classical rules, even if only to break them; and to be prepared to edit, to revise, to shape.
Marissa Meyer, Winter|WINTER SPOILER KINDACinder stared at his whitened knuckles and struggled for something meaningful to say. Her grand plan of revolution and change had just begun and already she felt like a failure. This seemed worse than failing the people of Luna, though. She'd failed the people she cared about most in the universe.Finally, she whispered, "I'm so sorry, Thorne.""Yeah," he said. "Me too.
Jackie Joyner-Kersee|There is no attitude required. The hat brings the attitude. And when people try on a hat they like, it is a bit of fun. It makes them laugh. You don't laugh when you put on a pair of shoes, but you do with a hat.
Robert Matsui|There are whole months at a time when my head is so full of ideas that I wake in the middle of the night and lie in the dark telling myself stories. There are also long, dark nights when I just know I'll never write another word: I'm finished, empty, a husk... Oh dear, yes, twitch, yawn, how I've suffered insomnia for my art.
Henri J.M. Nouwen|[Praying] demands that you take to the road again and again, leaving your house and looking forward to a new land for yourself and your [fellow human]. This is why praying demands poverty, that is, the readiness to live a life in which you have nothing to lose so that you always begin afresh.
Yasmin Mogahed|She stood up. Something inside her had changed. "It was finally time," she thought. It was finally time to leave the past in the past. And move on. She took her first step. It felt like walking for the first time. It was strange to not be chained anymore. It felt like life. Like hope. Like happiness.
G.K. Chesterton|But it is clear that no political activity can be encouraged by saying that progress is natural and inevitable; that is not a reason for being active, but rather a reason for being lazy.
Kevin Hart|It's no use crying over spilt milkWhat’s done, is done.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Developing a positive attitude is one of the most transformational things you can do to shift your mindset, improve your disposition, manifest good things, and attract quality people into your life.
Buddy Guy|The old 7 Series, the E38, was an elegant car, an evolution of the classic BMW look. But it wasn't penetrating the luxury market as we desired. It just didn't have the presence to be noticed.
Kate White, Eyes on You|Well, be careful,” she said, her words deliberate. She quickly twisted her head, as if making certain no one was behind her. When she turned back around, her green eyes were hard and filled with hate. “Because wouldn’t it be terrible if you slipped and hurt yourself?
Elon Musk|One day I said to my dad, 'Are you disappointed that I'm working a minimum-wage job and I didn't go to college?' I'll never forget his response. He said, 'It's not about how much money you make or what your job is, but it's more about your character. For that, I'm proud of you.'
Philip Emeagwali|There are now over 5,000 medical physicists in the U.S more than 50 times the number in 1958.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If the caterpillar could not see beyond his present state, he would never become a butterfly.
Seth Adam Smith|Lord I am willing to walk with you, take my hand.
ZOEgirl, Zoegirl - Different Kind of Free|Yeah – Sure I rememberMatter of fact it was just last SeptemberShe still calls it the fall to rememberLittle Heather when it all came togetherYou remember the first time you met her?She cried when it rained and blamed the weatherBut inside she strained with suicide lettersThe kind of cold you couldn’t warm with a sweater Hardly lasted past December She said she was headed down to defeat That’s the last you’d seen and never had dreamed That the same little Heather – It’s who you saw last weekIn an instant you couldn’t have missed her gleamAs she listened she looked like a distant queen With a difference, there for all to seeShe found a different – A different kind of free
Debasish Mridha|With love in the heart and kindness in the mind, nothing is impossible.
Frances Beinecke|The NFL, sadly, has a fatal environmental problem: It kills its workers.
Lady Sophia Fermor, Woman Not Inferior to Man: Or, a Short and Modest Vindication of the Natural Right of the Fair-Sex to a Perfect Equality of Power, Dignity and Esteem with the Men|So weak are their [Men's] intellectuals, and so untuned are their organs to the voice of reason, that custom makes more absolute slaves of their senses than they can make of us. They are so accustom'd to see things as they now are, that they cannot represent to themselves how they can be otherwise. It wou'd be extremely odd they think to see a Woman at the head of an army giving battle, or at the helm of a nation giving laws; pleading causes in quality of counsel; administring justice in a court of judicature; preceded in the street with sword, mace, and other ensigns of authority; as magistrates; or teaching rhetoric, medicine, philosophy, and divinity, in quality of university professors.
David duChemin, Within the Frame: The Journey of Photographic Vision|Bad decisions create a good lessons, photos however create a good stories.
Jill Scott|The perfection of our union, especially our commitment to equality of opportunity, has been a story of constant striving to live up to our Founding principles. This is what Abraham Lincoln meant when he said, 'In giving freedom to the slave, we assure freedom to the free - honorable alike in what we give, and what we preserve.'
Jack Campbell, Dreadnaught|For the first time, but certainly not the last, I began to believe that Arsenal's moods and fortunes somehow reflected my own
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|Nature intends all men and women to be mental and spiritual giants, and does not intend that any one should follow the will of another.
Lundy Bancroft, Why Does He Do That?: Inside the Minds of Angry and Controlling Men|THE ABUSER’S PROBLEM IS NOT THAT HE RESPONDS INAPPROPRIATELY TO CONFLICT. HIS ABUSIVENESS IS OPERATING PRIOR TO THE CONFLICT: IT USUALLY CREATES THE CONFLICT, AND IT DETERMINES THE SHAPE THE CONFLICT TAKES.
CLAMP|For the record, suspicion can kill, and prejudice can destroy. And a thoughtless, frightened search for a scapegoat has a fallout all its own, for the children and the children yet unborn. And the pity of it is that these things cannot be confined to the Twilight Zone.
Thaddeus of Vitovnica, Our Thoughts Determine Our Lives:  The Life and Teachings of Elder Thaddeus of Vitovnica|Until you have suffered much in your heart, you cannot learn humility.
Alan King|The British are supposed to be particularly averse to intellectuals, a prejudice closely bound up with their dislike of foreigners. Indeed, one important source of this Anglo-Saxon distaste for highbrows and eggheads was the French revolution, which was seen as an attempt to reconstruct society on the basis of abstract rational principles.
Kelseyleigh Reber, If I Resist|As I lifted the ash dagger, something inside me fractured so completely that there would be no hope of ever repairing it.
Jeremy Aldana|Insecurities have the ability to shape and mold our minds to live with everything that’s bad; like crying on the inside, while smiling on the outside…thus creating pain…but, alas, I have the answer; forget about what you thought and enjoy (embrace) what you feel
Bruce R. McConkie|and to die with the Warrior's Prayer on his lips. For, 'Yes', he had sighed on his dying breath, and all knew that was the ultimate prayer one could offer to life. Acceptance.
Jessica Khoury, The Forbidden Wish|The well-defined principles last when time moves on. However, a progressive organization or society will love to break the old or hidden rules in order to move forward.
Donna Marie Timney|Like, a flood seems like a great way to punish every living creature in the world except for fish. What the hell is a god supposed to do when all the FISH start being assholes?
God, New King James Version|If he was looking for fancy embellishment, or obvious signs of wealth, he was to be disappointed. Amanda couldn't bear pretension or impracticality, and so she had chosen furniture for function rather than for style. If she bought a chair, it must be large and comfortable. If she bought a side table, it must be sturdy enough to hold a stack of books or a big lamp. She did not like gilding and porcelain disks, nor all the carving and hieroglyphics that were certainly fashionable.
Debasish Mridha|Peace means the way of finding the inner calmness, tranquility and joy, in the midst of conflicts and injustice.
Sook Nyul Choi, Echoes of the White Giraffe|when evoking personal recollections, patients with depersonalization often complain that memories feel as if they really didn't happen to them
Amy Huntley, The Everafter|...Maybe instead of fire and brimstone, hell is just a feeling of loneliness
S.E. Hinton, Hawkes Harbor|No fear is unbearable, she concluded, unless you've got time on your hands and a healthy imagination.
Virginia Woolf, Selected Essays|In reading we have to allow the sunken meanings to remain sunken, suggested, not stated; lapsing and flowing into each other like reeds on the bed of a river
Stanley Hauerwas, Hannah's Child: A Theologian's Memoir|What we do determines much of what happens in the world to come, not just for ourselves, but for those around us.
Jill Shalvis, The Sweetest Thing|For some unknown reason, success usually occurs in private, while failure occurs infull view.
Ayaz mallah|Could I please amend that suggestion? Could you not be there in the second darkest shadow one hour before midnight, to see who steps into the darkest shadow?
Beth Revis, The Body Electric|Don't let one shade tears for u, wen they go from your life,u will be left with those tears in your eyes.
Mercedes Lackey, Winds of Fury|You marry who you think your beloved is, and then discover who they really are over the years. It’s that discovery that makes a marriage work.
Max Weber|Whenever I go to New York or any European country, they say: 'Nawal, why don't you get a facelift?' I tell them, 'I am proud of my wrinkles. Every wrinkle on my face tells the story of my life. Why should I hide my age?'
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|Do not imagine that if you meet a really humble man he will be what most people call 'humble' nowadays: he will not be a sort of greasy, smarmy person, who is always telling you that, of course, he is nobody.Probably all you will think about him is that he seemed a cheerful, intelligent chap who took a real interest in what you said to him.If you do dislike him it will be because you feel a little envious of anyone who seems to enjoy life so easily. He will not be thinking about humility: he will not be thinking about himself at all.
Arkaye Kierulf|Maybe princes aren’t real,” Sada said. Her eyes were crafty and sad at the same time. “But monsters are.” She opened her mouth wide and showed Azhar the wildflowers sitting on her tongue.
Paul Tremblay, No Sleep Till Wonderland|For as long as I could remember, I had been transparent to myself, unselfconscious, learning, doing, most of every day. Now I was in my own way; I myself was a dark object I could not ignore. I couldn't remember how to forget myself. I didn't want to think about myself, to reckon myself in, to deal with myself every livelong minute on top of everything else - but swerve as I might, I couldn't avoid it. I was a boulder blocking my own path. I was a dog barking between my own ears, a barking dog who wouldn't hush. So this was adolescence. Is this how the people around me had died on their feet - inevitably, helplessly? Perhaps their own selves eclipsed the sun for so many years the world shriveled around them, and when at least their inescapable orbits had passed through these dark egoistic years it was too late, they had adjusted. Must I then lose the world forever, that I had so loved? Was it all, the whole bright and various planet, where I had been so ardent about finding myself alive, only a passion peculiar to children, that I would outgrow even against my will?
Bauvard, Some Inspiration for the Overenthusiastic|The problem with our society is that our values aren’t in the right place. There’s an awful lot of bleeding and naked bodies on prime-time networks, but not nearly enough cable television on public programming.
Andrew Weil|If you look at human society, it is very easy, of course, to compare our warfare and territoriality with the chimpanzee. But that's only one side of what we do. We also trade, we intermarry, we allow each other to travel through our territory. There's an enormous amount of cooperation.
Knud Haakonsen|The problem: If you've an antique for sale, then, sad to relate, the world isn't your oyster. It's not that easy. Even if somebody gives you the National Gallery, your options are still very, very limited. Okay, you can sell the Old Masters, set up a trust, buy your favorite brewery. But that's strictly it. You're limited by honesty on one hand and law - that hobble of sanity - on the other.
Robert McChesney|It is impossible to exaggerate the wide, and widening, gulf between the American attitude on the Iraq war and the view from our friends across the Atlantic.
Susan Meissner, A Fall of Marigolds|The person who completes your life, is not so much the person who shares all the years of your existence, but rather, the person who made your life worth living -- no matter how long or short a time you are given to spend with them.
Bob Hicok|It's taken years for me to understand that dying doesn't end the story; it transforms it. Edits, rewrites, the blur, aand epiphany of one-way dialogue. Most of us wander in and out of one another's lives until not death, but distance, does us part-- time and space and heart's weariness are the blander executioners or human connection.
Marty Rubin|The idea of reappropriation isn’t a new one. The process of turning negative words, symbols, or ideas into positive parts of our own identity – was used for social justice movements long before hipsters thought that being ironic was cool. Whether it is repurposing a racial epithet or taking on a stereotype for sociopolitical empowerment, it’s an important process that has been around for thousands of years and continues to change society today.
Ilona Andrews, Fate's Edge|Jack didn’t fully get Jesus. Audrey tried to explain it, and he could repeat it back to her, word for word, but he still didn’t comprehend most of it. The best he could gather was that Jesus lived long ago, told people to be nice, and they killed him for it. At the end, he asked who was Jesus’ necromancer and if he was in the Bible, then Kaldar couldn’t stop laughing and had to sit down.
Barbara Feldon|Our goal is to make finance the servant, not the master, of the real economy.
Dada Bhagwan|As long as man has pride, he will appear unattractive and no one will be attracted to him. He may have a handsome face, his pride makes him unattractive.
John Keats, The Complete Poems|To SorrowI bade good morrow,And thought to leave her far away behind;But cheerly, cheerly,She loves me dearly;She is so constant to me, and so kind.
Ta-Nehisi Coates, We Were Eight Years in Power: An American Tragedy|The good doctor reassured John these were people who put their psychopathy to good use. They lived productive, well-adjusted lives as surgeons, CEOs and ambulance drivers. The light bulb went on. The CSC [Correctional Service of Canada] doesn't have to go through all these gyrations to reprogram anyone, they just have to find every inmate the right job!
Brian Christian, Algorithms to Live By: The Computer Science of Human Decisions|There are some things that, once lost, no amount of money can regain. Thus to justify the destruction of an ancient forest on the grounds that it will earn us substantial export income is problematic, even if we could invest that income and increase its value from year to year; for no matter how much we increase its value, its could never buy back the link with the past represented by the forest.
Saiber, Stardust and Sheets|The sea loved the moonWhen she was supposed to love the shore.The moon knewAnd hence made his intentions known. That she should love the shoreWho was destined for her.Yet his protests seemed weak. And even when he pushed her towards the shore-She always retreated back.To want, to need, to love the moonFor all she's worth.Everyone said, it wasn't meant to happen.Yet, the Tsunami rose that night for their union.
Mark O'Connell, To Be a Machine: Adventures Among Cyborgs, Utopians, Hackers, and the Futurists Solving the Modest Problem of Death|When, some months later, Zoltan emailed me about his decision to run for president, I immediately called him. The first thing I asked was what his wife thought of the plan.“Well, in a way,” he said, “it was Lisa who gave me the idea. Remember how I said she wanted me to do something concrete, get some kind of a proper job?”“I do,” I said. “Although I’m guessing running for president on the immortality platform was not what she had in mind.”“That’s correct,” he confirmed. “It took a little while for her to come around to the idea.”“How did you break it to her?”“I left a note on the refrigerator,” he said, “and went out for a couple hours.
J.L. McCoy, Blood of the Son|I took a deep breath and slowly blew it out. He won't hurt me, I silently reminded myself. 'Never,' Archer said, shaking his head. 'I'll never hurt you again, Skye.
Barack Obama, The Audacity of Hope: Thoughts on Reclaiming the American Dream|We say we value the legacy we leave the next generation and then saddle that generation with mountains of debt. We say we believe in equal opportunity but then stand idle while millions of American children languish in poverty. We insist that we value family, but then structure our economy and organize our lives so as to ensure that our families get less and less of our time.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|It’s supernatural, hard to explain it any further.
A.E.  Kirk, Demons at Deadnight|A whoosh and the lines of fire sucked back toward Ayden, flames disappearing into his hands. Back to normal.“Ayden’s the most visually effective,” Matthias said.A burning scent lingered but no damage to the “hottie” in front of me. I know, I know, but I couldn’t resist.
Dorothy L. Sayers, Gaudy Night|If it ever occurs to people to value the honour of the mind equally with the honour of the body, we shall get a social revolution of a quite unparalleled sort.
M.F.K. Fisher|A plate of roast duck, steamed dumplings, spicy noodles with beef gravy, pickled cucumbers, stewed tongue and eggs if you have them, cold please, and sticky rice pearls, too,' Ai Ling said, before the server girl could open her mouth. "I don't know what he wants." Ai Ling nodded toward Chen Yong.'I'm not sure I have enough coins to order anything more,' he said, laughing.
Hadewijch, Hadewijch: The Complete Works|For this is love's truth; she joins two in one being, makes sweet sour, strangers neighbors, and the lowly noble.
Rudyard Kipling, Kim|This was a little house, with a ceiling that kept getting higher and higher, a hot place with no windows. This was anger.
Alex Steffen|My mother's sister was killed in a trolley car accident, so I was raised as one of eight with my sister and six male cousins.
Morrissey, Autobiography|Why do you live out here? You're a great healer; you could get work in the inner city if you wanted to. Even in E-star, I bet." 	"Well, I just don't want to live anywhere else," She looked up, smiling so that the lines at the edges of her eyes crinkled. As she looked out into the expanse of endless desert that led up to the crater wall, she seemed as though her thoughts were far away. "This place is our home. It was my mother's home, and her mother's before that. This is what we know, and even though our lives aren't as long as those with the clean air... this is our land.
Richard Sibbes, Christ Is Best|It should be the art of Christians to present death as a passage to a better life, to labour to bring our souls into such a condition, as to think death not to be a death to us, but the death of itself. Death dies when I die, and I begin to live when I die. It is a sweet passage to life. We never live till we die.
Jennifer E. Smith, The Comeback Season|Rich dreams now which he was loathe to wake from. Things no longer known in the world. The cold drove him forth to mend the fire. Memory of her crossing the lawn toward the house in the early morning in a thin rose gown that clung to her breasts. He thought each memory recalled must do some violence to its origins. As in a party game. Say the words and pass it on. So be sparing. What you alter in the remembering has yet a reality, known or not.
Zhuangzi, The Complete Works of Chuang Tzu|He who knows he is a fool is not the biggest fool; he who knows he is confused is not in the worst confusion. The man in the worst confusion will end his life without ever getting straightened out; the biggest fool will end his life without ever seeing the light. If three men are traveling along and one is confused, they will still get where they are going - because confusion is in the minority. But if two of them are confused, then they can walk until they are exhausted and never get anywhere - because confusion is in the majority.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|Practice is the hardest part of learning, and training is the essence of transformation.
Seth Godin|(Everyone, I guess, sees their position as the neutral one and everyone else's position as biassed. I wonder why 177 minutes of the Today programme is completely secular; you feel horribly excluded by 3 minutes of Thought for Today. I see a sinister anti-religious bias when David Attenborough goes through a whole series without ever once aying "On the other hand maybe God made it all"; you feel that 30 minutes of hymn singing on Sunday evening amounts to theocratic oppression.)
Jennifer E. Smith, The Statistical Probability of Love at First Sight|She couldn't ignore the disjointed sensation that they were now two different pieces of two puzzles, and nothing in the world could make them fit together again.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Black Ice|I like having you around, Britt. That's the truth. I'm not leaving you. Even if you were a pain in the butt, I'd stay with you. It's the right thing to do. But it turns out I find you likable and interesting, and while I'm not glad you have to go through this, I'm glad we have each other.
Vanessa Diffenbaugh|Refuse to accept the belief that your professional relevance, career success or financial security turns on the next update on the latest technology. Sometimes it's good to put the paddle down and just let the canoe glide.
Ernst Mayr|The rare few, who, early in life have rid themselves of the friendship of the many.
Elaine Moran|We can only bring about change in our lives when we clearly see two truths: that the pain of remaining the same is greater than the pain of fighting our toughest battles, and that by taking the biggest risks, we gain the most valuable rewards.
N. Scott Momaday, House Made of Dawn|It is one of the poignant anxieties of the thinker that he sees the shadow resting on the human soul, and that he gropes in darkness without being able to awake that slumbering Progress.
Bertrand Russell, Sceptical Essays|We had these sudden revelations that employment, the daily nine-to-five, was driving us far from our better selves.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Whatever is above will be managed by the powers above you. Don’t live as a man, pretending to be God. Do what you can do; leave what you can’t to God!
M.F. Moonzajer|We have barely emerged from centuries of barbarism. It's not a surprise that there are shocking inequities in this world. It is hard work to climb down out of the trees and walk upright,and build a viable global civilization when you start with technology that is made of rocks and sticks and fur. This is a project, and progress is dificult.
Anonymous|America needs to understand Islam, because this is the one religion that erases from its society the race problem. Throughout my travels in the Muslim world, I have met, talked to, and even eaten with people who in America would have been considered white, but the white attitude was removed from their minds by the religion of Islam. I have never before seen sincere and true brotherhood practiced by all together, irrespective of their color.
Graham Greene, The End of the Affair|Yes,” said Talon, his voice the hiss of a coiled serpent.
Tonny K. Brown|If you are truly looking for purpose,Something to verify your self-worth.Then give yourself to some cause,some greatness in which the only return, is knowing that your deeds have become to someone, a gift that is too good to believe
Anna Lyndsey, Girl in the Dark|And all my ethical reasoning crumbles to ash in the sheer fact of his presence. Because together, even in darkness, we light up a room; because the clotted guilt inside me breaks up and disperses before a surge of stupid happiness; because I love him, and I know I cannot leave him, am incapable of leaving him, unless he asks me to go. And he has not asked me. And that is the miracle which I live with, every day.
Susan  Spence, A Story of the West|... those sectaries in Europe who are always expecting the end of the world, but who hope that, after the earth has been consumed by fire, they will be seated in glory: grilled a little, crisp at the edges and blackened in parts, but still, thanks be to God, alive for eternity, and seated at his right hand.
N.T. Wright, Simply Christian: Why Christianity Makes Sense|With different changes but the same plot, sometimes our story has already unfolded. It's just trapped in the pages of ink and paper. God is waiting in His Word.
Stefan Collini|In trying to justify the humanities, as in trying to live a life, what may turn out to matter most is holding one's nerve.
Dada Bhagwan|Once an opinion is formed, there will be attachment-abhorrence. A person without opinion is also without attachment-abhorrence.
Alistair Begg|The preaching of God's word is hateful and contrary unto them. Why? For it is impossible to preach Christ, except thou preach against antichrist; that is to say, them which with their false doctrine and violence of sword enforce to quench the true doctrine of Christ.
Alexis Lawrence, O.U.R. Café|The very name of the genre itself - fairy tale - originated during this time, for the French writers coined the term conte de fee during the seventeenth century, and it has stuck to the genre in Europe and North America ever since. This "imprint" is important, because it reveals something crucial about the fairy tale that has remained part of its nature to the present. The early writers of fairy tales placed the power of metamorphosis in the hands of women - the redoubtable fairies. In addition, this miraculous power was not associated with a particular religion or mythology, through which the world was to be explained. It was a secular mysterious power of compassion that could not be explained, and it derived from the creative imagination of the writer. Anyone could call upon the fairies for help, and it is clear that the gifted French women writers of the seventeenth century preferred to address themselves to a fairy and to have a fairy resolve the conflicts in their tales rather than the Church, with its male-dominated hierarchy. After all, it was the Church that had eliminated hundreds of thousands of so-called female witches during the previous two centuries in an effort to curb heretical and nonconformist beliefs. However, those "pagan" notions survived in the tradition of the oral wonder tale and surfaced in published form in France when it became safer to introduce in a symbolical code supernatural powers and creatures other than those officially sanctioned by the Christian code. In short, there was something subversive about the institutionalization of the fairy tale in France during the 1690S, for it enabled writers to create a dialogue about norms, manners, and power that evaded court censorship and freed the fantasy of the writers and readers, while at the same time paying tribute to the French code of civilite and the majesty of the aristocracy. Once certain discursive paradigms and conventions were established, a writer could demonstrate his or her "genius" by rearranging, expanding, deepening, and playing with the known functions of a genre that, by 1715, had already formed a type of canon, which consisted not only of the great classical tales-"Cinderella," "Sleeping Beauty," "Rapunzel," "Rumpelstiltskin," "Puss in Boots," "Little Red Riding Hood," "Beauty and the Beast," "Blue beard, " "The Golden Dwarf," "The Blue Bird," and "The White Cat"-but also the mammoth collection The Arabian Nights.
Bruno Apitz, Nackt unter Wölfen|Here. Here I am.You've taken everything from us, but not who we are! We still exist! One day grass will grow here and overgrow the ruins. Or day this will be forgotten. But you... No one will ever forget you! The shame of humanity.
Bryan Sykes, The Seven Daughters of Eve: The Science That Reveals Our Genetic Ancestry|DNA is the messenger which illuminates that connection,handed down from generation to generation,carried,literally,in the bodies of my ancestors.
Jawaharlal Nehru|As I've grown - dare I say it - older, I had hopes of indulging my dreams of being a sailor.
Ryohgo Narita, バッカーノ！1710 Crack Flag|The lesson learned: never take your loved ones for granted. And if you're ever lucky enough to find that one person in life who makes you love more than any other person could possible make you love, you treat every day together as if it were your last. You cherish every moment.
Thomas Carlyle|He who has health, has hope; and he who has hope, has everything
Jaye Wells, Meridian Six|When the dead are afraid, you know there's a big problem.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Love is deserved, not desired.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If I am sufficiently brave to extract the cancer of fear, I have effectively gutted my conviction that what stands before me is impossible.
Maryam Abdullah Alnaymi|Your thinking, goals, positions, and detailed personality dimensions are forming by the influence of your environment.The brain reflects what he absorbed from the surrounding ambiance, exactly as the body reflects what he fed on.The independent will is the initiative to choose the life that suits us, not following the others of what they choose for us.
Steven Wright|I hooked up my accelerator pedal in my car to my brake lights. I hit the gas, people behind me stop, and I'm gone.
J.M.  Richards, Tall, Dark Streak of Lightning|Well, if you can accept that I’m a great big geeky fangirl, then I guess I can accept that you’re a skeptic and a realist.
L. Frank Baum, Ozma of Oz|You see, in this country are a number of youths who do not like to work, and the college is an excellent place for them.
Sherry Shahan, Skin and Bones|Alice's dinner consisted of one-half cup medium-grain white rice (120 calories), four spears of asparagus (20 calories), and a pat of butter (40 calories). Bones watched as she used her index finger to smear the butter on an asparagus spear. Then she sucked her middle finger, pretending to remove the excess butter. The buttered finger scratched an ankle, and the calories disappeared into her leg warmer."Tricky," he said under his breath.She smiled. "Just good technique.
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross|Learning is not attained by chance, it must be sought for with ardor and diligence.
Charles Finch, The September Society|Defending the library service from the predations of ideologically-motivated public schoolboys who had immensely privileged childhoods isn’t ‘whining,’ it is the pursuit of passionately held beliefs.
Robin Wasserman|Dex's mother knew she should be afraid for her daughter. This, she'd been told, was the tragedy of being a girl. To live in fear–it was the fate of any parent, maybe, but the special provenance of a mother to a daughter, one woman raising another, knowing too well what could happen. This was what lurked inside the luckiest delivery rooms, the ones whose balloons screamed It's a girl!: pink cigars and flowered onesies and fear.
Anthony Liccione|The funny thing about life is, there's nothing better to do than live it.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Then we got into a labyrinth, and, when we thought we were at the end,came out again at the beginning, having still to see as much as ever.
Kevin J. Vanhoozer|In face of this modern nihilism, Christians are often lacking in courage. We tend to give the impression that we will hold on to the outward forms whatever happens, even if God really is not there. But the opposite ought to be true of us, so that people can see that we demand the truth of what is there and that we are not dealing merely with platitudes. In other words, it should be understood that we take this question of truth and personality so seriously that if God were not there we would be among the first of those who had the courage to step out of the queue.
Peter Watts, Maelstrom|A good story feels both surprising and inevitable, fresh and familiar.
Toni Braxton|Yet it looks as if the thing we use to solve our problems with is the source of our problems. It's like going to the doctor and having him make you ill. In fact, in 20% of medical cases we do apparently have that going on. But in the case of thought, its far over 20%.
Nikolai Gogol|I am fated to journey hand in hand with my strange heroes and to survey the surging immensity of life, to survey it through the laughter that all can see and through the tears unseen and unknown by anyone.
Charles Finch, The Last Enchantments|[Self] Perception is directly proportional to performance. Change a youth's perception, and you change their performance, their future... and their life.
Walter Mosley|I've always loved science fiction. I think the smartest writers are science fiction writers dealing with major things.” – Associated Press interview, 12-7-11
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., A Man Without a Country|For some reason, the most vocal Christians among us never mention the Beatitudes (Matthew 5). But, often with tears in their eyes, the demand that the Ten Commandments be posted in public buildings. And of course, that's Moses, not Jesus. I haven't heard one of them demand that the Sermon on the Mount, the Beatitudes, be posted anywhere."Blessed are the merciful" in a courtroom? "Blessed are the peacemakers" in the Pentagon? Give me a break!
Ellen Key|We are the only beings on the planet who lead such rich internal lives that it's not the events that matter most to us, but rather, it's how we interpret those events that will determine how we think about ourselves and how we will act in the future.
Fozia Malik|Yesterday is not ours to recover,but tomorrow is ours.
Jim Goad, The Redneck Manifesto: How Hillbillies, Hicks, and White Trash Became America's Scapegoats|We passed from laughter to terror which, like love and hate, are close relatives.
Cecilia Llompart, The Wingless|Chemistry is great, but eventually your relationship moves out of the laboratory.
William Makepeace Thackeray|All of us every single year, we're a different person. I don't think we're the same person all our lives.
William Banting|The best physicians are Dr. Diet, Dr. Quiet, and Dr. Merryman.
Rohinton Mistry, Family Matters|For that moment at least they seemed to give up external plans, theories, and codes, even the inescapable romantic curiosity about one another, to indulge in being simply and purely young, to share that sense of the world’s affliction, that outgoing sorrow at the spectacle of Our Human Condition which anyone this age regards as reward or gratuity for having survived adolescence.For them the music was sweet and painful, the strolling chains of tourists like a Dance of Death. They stood on the curb, gazing at one another, jostled against by hawkers and sightseers, lost as much perhaps in that bond of youth as in the depths of the eyes each contemplated.
Ymatruz|It is a fact of life that when you are small, people expect little things from you. But when you've done a great thing, people are amazed.
Marcel Proust|And once the novelist has brought us to this state, in which, as in all purely mental states, every emotion is multiplied ten-fold, into which his book comes to disturb us as might a dream, but a dream more lucid and more abiding than those which come to us in sleep, why then, for the space of an hour he sets free within us all the joys and sorrows in the world, a few of which only we should have to spend years of our actual life in getting to know, and the most intense of which would never be revealed to us because the slow course of their development prevents us from perceiving them. It is the same in life; the heart changes, and it is our worst sorrow; but we know it only through reading, through our imagination: in reality its alteration, like that of certain natural phenomena, is so gradual that, even if we are able to distinguish, successively, each of its different states, we are still spared the actual sensation of change.
Wesley Hill, Washed and Waiting: Reflections on Christian Faithfulness and Homosexuality|When you strip it of everything else, Pentecost stands for power and life. That's what came into the church when the Holy Spirit came down on the day of Pentecost.
Mary DeTurris Poust, Cravings: A Catholic Wrestles with Food, Self-Image, and God|When we infuse our actions with a focus on God and on the many blessings we receive in even the most mundane moments of our lives, we create sacred rituals that bring a sense of holiness, a sense of wholeness, to what we do and who we are. Like the Eucharistic feast that nourishes our heart and soul, every meal we eat with mindfulness[,] each bite we take with gratitude, has the power to transform us inside and out, for all time.
Alyson Noel, Blue Moon|For me that's the only way of understanding a particular term that everyone here bandies about quite happily, but which clearly can't be quite that straight forward because it doesn't exist in many languages, only in Italian and Spanish, as far as I know, but then again, I don't know that many languages. Perhaps in German too, although I can't be sure: el enamoramiento--the state of falling or being in love, or perhaps infatuation. I'm referring to the noun, the concept; the adjective, the condition, are admittedly more familiar, at least in French, although not in English, but there are words that approximate that meaning ... We find a lot of people funny, people who amuse and charm us and inspire affection and even tenderness, or who please us, captivate us, and can even make us momentarily mad, we enjoy their body and their company or both those things, as is the case for me with you and as I've experienced before with other women, on other occasions, although only a few. Some become essential to us, the force of habit is very strong and ends up replacing or even supplanting almost everything else. It can supplant love, for example, but not that state of being in love, it's important to distinguish between the two things, they're easily confused, but they're not the same ... It's very rare to have a weakness, a genuine weakness for someone, and for that someone to provoke in us that feeling of weakness.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr., Autocrat of the Breakfast Table|Every now and then a man's mind is stretched by a new idea or sensation, and never shrinks back to its former dimensions.
N.D. Wilson, Death by Living: Life Is Meant to Be Spent|Don't give a gift with the expectation to get,but if you have a gift, always try to give.
Mark Galli, Chaos and Grace: Discovering the Liberating Work of the Holy Spirit|As is typical of this God [of Israel], he calls his people into freedom in the most unlikely place.
Nicola Salter|The art of tea, whichever way you drink it, or whichever country you are from, has one underlining thread for all of us. It is the cultivation of yourself as you follow the ceremony of preparing your tea, the way in which you make your tea, how and where you drink it, and with whom. Making a cup of tea creates a space for just being.
Carla Harris, Expect to Win: Proven Strategies for Success from a Wall Street Vet|I learned that when you can turn a presentation into a conversation, you have won the battle of converting a client; and second, I learned that the real Carla was my best competitive weapon and my key personal advantage.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Religion, Philosophy and life|The specialist serves as a striking concrete example of the species, making clear to us the radical nature of the novelty. For, previously, men could be divided simply into the learned and the ignorant, those more or less the one, and those more or less the other. But your specialist cannot be brought in under either of these two categories. He is not learned , for he is formally ignorant of all that does not enter into his speciality; but neither is he ignorant, because he is "a scientist," and "knows" very well his own tiny portion of the universe. We shall have to say that he is a learned ignoramus, which is a very serious matter, as it implies that he is a person who is ignorant, not in the fashion of the ignorant man, but with an the petulance of one who is learned in his own special line.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Looking for a good book to read and a great teacher to listen to? Here is a good book and here is a great teacher: Other cultures! To read this book and to listen to this teacher, all you need is to travel!
Bashar al-Assad|In every war zone that I've been in, there has been a reality and then there has been the public perception of why the war was being fought. In every crisis, the issues have been far more complex than the public has been allowed to know.
J.D. Robb, Big Jack|Do you remember the first time we made love?" He touched his lips to hers as he said it. "We rode up in the elevator like this and couldn't keep our hands off each other, couldn't get to each other quick enough. I was mad for you. I wanted you more than I wanted to keep breathing. I still do." He deepened the kiss as the elevator doors opened. "It's never going to change.
J. J. Abrams|I'm always going to be making costumes. It's one of the ways I relax my brain. In addition to the pleasure of having the piece, there is a deep and abiding pleasure for me assembling something in my head - learning to know something in its totality in my head, and then putting together all the constituent parts into a cohesive whole.
Robert Grudin, The Grace of Great Things: Creativity and Innovation|...as we proceed to higher and higher levels of expertise, and as the stakes get higher and higher, the agonies of excellence reappear in new and frightening ways. A tiny minority gets through to the top, to memorable excellence or profound understanding. The rest of us stop at stages along the way, perhaps for a temporary rest, perhaps for a period of reassessment. But once we stop, we are unlikely to start up again. Security is suddenly far sweeter than enterprise. The sufferings of the ascent, so long endured by insuppressible aspiration, suddenly seem pointless.
Eraldo Banovac|For example, the citizens will live out the value of diligence in their enterprises. They will live out the value of prudence in their finances. They will live out the value of industry in the economy. They will live out the value of love in their neighbourhood. They will live out the value of dignity of labour in the market place, etc. All these will go a long way into propelling both the economy and political life of a nation to the greatest height possible.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself. Believe in yourself, your abilities and your own potential. Never let self-doubt hold you captive. You are worthy of all that you dream of and hope for.
Izey Victoria Odiase|We should always have a plan B, but at the same time, treat plan A like it were our only option.
Francis Ford Coppola|I am unable to watch the Olympics due to the blustering jingoism that drenches the event. Has England ever been quite so foul with patriotism? The 'dazzling royals' have, quite naturally, hi-jacked the Olympics for their own empirical needs, and no oppositional voice is allowed in the free press.
Lisa Bedrick, Hard Times|Paul says that our troubles are “light.” Granted I may not see them as light in the midst of trauma, but looking back on them, they may seem light. He also says they are “momentary.” They only last for a short time.
Marianne Moore, Complete Poems|ROSEMARY Beauty and Beauty’s son and rosemary— Venus and Love, her son, to speak plainly— born of the sea supposedly, at Christmas each, in company, braids a garland of festivity. Not always rosemary— since the flight to Egypt, blooming differently. With lancelike leaf, green but silver underneath, its flowers—white originally— turned blue. The herb of memory, imitating the blue robe of Mary, is not too legendary to flower both as symbol and as pungency. Springing from stones beside the sea, the height of Christ when thirty-three— it feeds on dew and to the bee “hath a dumb language”; is in reality a kind of Christmas-tree.
Linda Morris, Melting the Millionaire's Heart|He’s been fighting a lot on the Midwest circuit, but Vegas is the big-time. If he ever wants to get anywhere, he has to fight here. And since we’re here, we thought we’d get married, since Vegas is so romantic.”Ivy could think of a dozen cities more romantic than Vegas—Akron, Ohio came to mind—but she didn’t argue.
Christina Daley, Radiant|Ther is nothing called a great quote, rather the one which makes your heart to take a dip in river Ganges.
Merritt Wever|However, if a poem can be reduced to a prose sentence, there can't be much to it.
Eduardo Galeano|Languages, symbols and universals do not change, they cannot by virtue of what they – thus, with the passing of the Ages, Tradition does not change, but the form in which it decides to manifest does – thus some religions succeed whilst others fail and become extinct. Tradition itself can never cease to exist, but the religions which are its voice perish with the rise and fall of civilizations
Nelson Mandela, Long Walk to Freedom|One day, I was on the front lawn of the property and aimed the gun at a sparrow perched high in a tree. Hazel Goldreich, Arthur's wife, was watching me and jokingly remarked that I would never hit the target. But she had hardly finished the sentence when the sparrow fell to the ground. I turned to her and was about to boast, when the Goldreichs' son Paul, then about five years old, turned to me with tears in his eyes and said, "David, why did you kill that bird? Its mother will be sad." My mood immediately shifted from one of pride to shame; I felt that this small boy had far more humanity than I did. It was an odd sensation for a man who was the leader of a nascent guerrilla army.
Bo Bennett|You look at marketing: everything that's happening in marketing is digitized. Everything that's happening in finance is digitized. So pretty much every industry, every function in every industry, has a huge element that's driven by information technology. It's no longer discrete.
Vint Cerf|When I took my first job, I was among only a handful of women. It was isolating at times. My love for technology kept me going, and I got to where I am today driven by my passion and self confidence.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Repent, return and be restored by Jesus Christ.
Sunday Adelaja|The often-used phrase “pay attention” is apt: you dispose of a limited budget of attention that you can allocate to activities, and if you try to you try to go beyond your budget, you will fail.
Steve Case|The trick with computers I think, is to approach old and new things with the same reverence as you would like your favourite chair and not be seduced by the constant innovation otherwise you never do anything.
Suzy Kassem|Whenever you should doubt your self-worth, remember the lotus flower.Even though it plunges to life from beneath the mud, it does not allow the dirt that surrounds it to affect its growth or beauty. Be that lotus flower always. Do not allow any negativity or ugliness in your surroundings destroy your confidence, affect your growth, or make you question your self-worth.
Honoré de Balzac|Love is the most melodious of all harmonies and the sentiment of love is innate. Woman is a delightful instrument of pleasure, but it is necessary to know its trembling strings, to study the position of them, the timid keyboard, the fingering so changeful and capricious which befits it.
Alan Bradley, I Am Half-Sick of Shadows|Think of the billions of trillions of snowflakes, and the billions of trillions of hydrogen and oxygen molecules in every single one of them. It makes you wonder, doesn’t it, who wrote the laws for the wind and the rain, the snow and the dew? I’ve tried to work it out, but it makes my head spin.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|I am not much given to profanity, but when I am sorely aggravated and vexed in spirit I declare to you that it comes as such a relief to me, such a solace to my troubled soul, and brings me such Heavenly peace to every now and then allow a word of phrase to escape my lips which can serve me no other earthly purpose, seemingly, other than to render emphatic my otherwise mildly expressed ideas.
George H. Scithers, Isaac Asimov's Science Fiction Magazine, February 1980|You have to finish things — that’s what you learn from, you learn by finishing things.
Anne Lamott|You will lose someone you can’t live without,and your heart will be badly broken, and the bad news is that you never completely get over the loss of your beloved. But this is also the good news. They live forever in your broken heart that doesn’t seal back up. And you come through. It’s like having a broken leg that never heals perfectly—that still hurts when the weather gets cold, but you learn to dance with the limp.
Angel Blessing|That's my girl," he murmured."I'm not your girl.""Well," he said not bothering to hide his smile from her sightless eyes, "the good news is that the honey gave you back your sparkling personality.""And the bad news?""The honey gave you back your sparkling personality.
Kamand Kojouri|Know this: whenever you think of leaving, a part of you has already left. But it’s never too late to get it back.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|He, who fails to acknowledge and appreciate the real courage of our fathers, fails to appreciate the real lessons that the courage of our fathers teaches us today! The courage and the wisdom that propelled our fathers to move unrelentingly in their days must be nothing to us, but, a real reason for us to be more than courageous enough to do the undone distinctively in our days.
Kenny Porpora, The Autumn Balloon|I look away from her. “I have felt like an old man my whole life. And they get to have fun and snort their fucking drugs and get wasted and it doesn’t matter who they’re hurting because they’re young and having fun and I’m a judgmental prick if I say anything.” “Do you think they’re having fun?” I don’t have an answer for her. “I’ll never be able to compete against it.” “Maybe you don’t understand how powerful it is,” she says. “How powerful is it?” “Very.” “And that’s an excuse?” “No.” “When do they get to take responsibility?” “For themselves?” she asks. “Yes.” “Always,” she says.
Noel DeJesus|Failure is the ultimate motivator, the supreme teacher, and the definitive guarantee of life. Failure is what makes success so addictive.
Orly Wahba, Kindness Boomerang: How to Save the World (and Yourself) Through 365 Daily Acts|Perfecting your character isn’t a marathon, a race, or a competition. It can only be won in stride with daily motivation.
Sunday Adelaja|One way or another way it will happen..., until then make the correct choice. You don't want to go into the wrong path!
Katie Reus, Deadly Fallout|Bing tightened his fingers around hers...."I know what I want."	She raised an eyebrow. "What is that?"	"Only you." And as he said the words, he felt a tremendous weight lifting from his chest. "It's always been only you..."	"All right." She narrowed her eyes. "But if you break my heart, I'm going to have Peaches have words with you."	"That's threatening a police officer. Technically.""What are you going to do?" She flashed him a teasing smile. "Arrest me?"	He bent his head to hers, all the way to her ear. "Stick with me and there might just be some handcuffs in your future," he whispered.	She laughed out loud. "I'll take that as an incentive to speedily recover.
Danielle L. Jensen, Stolen Songbird|How did you know it was love?" "It never really hurt this much before.
K. Lee Lerner, Human Geography: People and the Environment|There is adventure in finding compelling stories and exploring complex issues in challenging environments, but there is also a responsibility to tell those stories accurately and objectively.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Most people do not really want others to have freedom of speech, they just want others to be given the freedom to say want they want to hear.
William James|Truth is a demure lady, much too ladylike to knock you on your head and drag you to her cave. She is there, but people must want her, and seek her out.
Sam Kean, The Disappearing Spoon: And Other True Tales of Madness, Love, and the History of the World from the Periodic Table of the Elements|And then, to the sound of death, the sound of the jets cutting the sky in two black pieces beyond the horizon, he would lie in the loft, hidden and safe, watching those strange new stars over the rim of the earth, fleeing from the soft color of dawn.
Nathaniel Hawthorne|When people get married because they think it's a long-time love affair, they'll be divorced very soon, because all love affairs end in disappointment. But marriage is a recognition of a spiritual identity.
Natalie Brenner, This Undeserved Life: Uncovering The Gifts of Grief and The Fullness of Life|Something significant in me snapped when I miscarried; that something hadnt unsnapped yet. It hadn't been put back together and I was afraid it never would. I knew Jesus was with me, but my insides twirled threatening to take me down from the inside out. I knew He was with me, giving me permission to be in the broken parts of my story...
Sandra Sealy|Thankfully existing only in SMALL pockets within our discipline, is “intellectual” snobbery. It’s a hushed but ugly truth that people are made to feel not worthy to be among a certain set – didn’t attend the right school or don’t have the requisite abbreviations to follow their name. I know what that feels like. Good thing I'm pigheaded, have a bigger vision and committed to my craft, or I would’ve succumbed to it long ago. That is why when I meet an emerging writer who’s serious about developing their craft, I try to encourage them as much as I can. I say IGNORE the highbrow cliques and prove your mettle by growing, accepting balanced feedback and most of all, creating work that will stand the test of time. Period.
Ron Baratono, The Writings of Ron Baratono|When we face every challenge with optimism and learn to fail with our heads up, a great attitude is always success, no matter the outcome.
Sara Gruen, Water for Elephants|Even as your body betrays you, your mind denies it.
Patricia Storace, The Book of Heaven: A Novel|You cannot know how many other miracles one sole miracle begets. She was not a savior. She did not confer salvation. She said we were to be the saviors. She said we know God only through each other. That God is not in us, but between us. That we deliver God to each other, like a flame passed from cupped hand to cupped hand. We bring God to life in each other.
Candice Olson|When I'm doing kitchen planning as well as bathroom design, I try to walk through the day with the homeowner. If we're talking about a kitchen, it will be: So, we are walking in with the groceries. When we are taking them out of the car, where will they go? What is the distance to fridge, to pantry?
Helen Keller, Rebel Lives: Helen Keller|Then the Dean repeated the mantra that has had such a marked effect on the progress of knowledge throughout the ages.“Why don’t we just mix up absolutely everything and see what happens?” he said.And Ridcully responded with the traditional response.“It’s got to be worth a try,” he said.
U2, Miracle Drug|There is no failure here sweetheart, just when you quit.
Dwight Yoakam|Of course, MIT was notable not just for its faculty but also for its students. And, facing such extremely bright kids as a rookie teacher was something like being thrown to the wolves.
|A lot of people have attained financial success in the negative and positive directions, but we are yet to see anyone achieve a happy life in the negative direction.
Big Sean|I feel an obligation to set the record straight. Actors that say they're affected by something, that it changes their life, that they take it home with them, they're just trying to get nominated for an Oscar!
Tom McDonough, The Situationists and the City: A Reader|So many problems we will get to the bottom of later, but whose spatial aspect we must grasp right away. If the space of the industrial economy dominates the social space in which the Parisian worker or intellectual develops, to what extent could residential space, cultural space, or political space be planned without it being necessary to first intervene in economic structures?...In short...: to what extent can we freely build the framework for a social life in which we might be guided by our aspirations and not by our instincts?
Garry Wills, Bomb Power: The Modern Presidency and the National Security State|There are times that insistence of demands becomes the stumbling obstacle, that instead of paving way to something smooth for the realisation of some matters which end up in a ditch of rejection.
Naguib Mahfouz, Palace of Desire|Beauty itself is a painful convulsion in the heart, an abundance of vitality in the soul, and a mad chase undertaken by the spirit until it encounters the heavens.
Tom Tatum|Baseball isn't just a game. It's life being played out on a field—a field of dreams—on diamonds of green, where players pursuing their dreams try to be the best they can be on the grandest stage of all—where men become boys and boys become men, all speaking one universal language without uttering a single word.
Joseph Campbell, Thou Art That: Transforming Religious Metaphor|How does the ordinary person come to the transcendent? For a start, I would say, study poetry. Learn how to read a poem. You need not have the experience to get the message, or at least some indication of the message. It may come gradually. (92)
Kimberly Willis Holt, When Zachary Beaver Came to Town|It seems like our town has closed down these days leading up to the funeral. Old people still sit on their porches and talk, but their conversations aren't sprinkled with laughter anymore. Since the new, little kids haven't played outside, as if their moms are afraid someone might snatch them out of their yards and send them off to war.
Todd Stocker|If at first you don't succeed, tweak it before you toss it.
Dada Bhagwan|For how long will you keep on wandering around for infinite lifetimes? Your own light is not there. For how long will you keep on wandering in the dark? One has walked for billions and billions of miles and yet he has not seen the light. He has not found the right path. The truth will have to be known, will it not?
V.C. Andrews|He won't listen to the music, and I can't turn it off.
Christopher Fry|Man is wise and constantly in quest of more wisdom; but the ultimate wisdom, which deals with beginnings, remains locked in a seed. There it lies, the simplest fact of the universe and at the same time the one which calls forth faith rather than reason.
Levon Helm|I do promotion when it is necessary, but I always want to get back to the music.
Erik Pevernagie|Is happiness a sort of blissful state of mind or just a kind of surreal propensity? It may be hard to recognize its very nature, if we remain guilelessly confined in a state of woeful unawareness or in a no-man’s-land of emotions. In their dogged and obstinate quest for the zenith of happiness, many forget to take pleasure in the small things of everyday and, thus, become disgruntled and depressed instead, which leads them to a mire of gloom. ("C’est quand le bonheur “)
Sally Kirkland|The winner's edge is not in a gifted birth, a high IQ, or in talent. The winner's edge is all in the attitude, not aptitude. Attitude is the criterion for success.
Sergio de la Pava, A Naked Singularity|..books look as if they contain knowledge, while e-readers look as if they contain information.
Steven Magee|If we do not judge flow of life by the limited human understanding, we will flow through life calmly and effortlessly.
S.L. Northey, Good Grieving: Narrative Perspectives of Loss and Bereavement|I know it's me that needs this moment. Your hand to hold my heart still cares. A thought I will hold when I wake in the morning, when I turn to you and you're not there.
Rupi Kaur|When I get depressed, I try to get something for the terrible sadness that comes over me and create something in terms of poetry.
Sachin Kumar Puli|I don't buy junk. When I buy something, it's got to be perfection or I don't want it. You won't find me coming home with five cheap suits, one for each day of the week. I'd rather have one perfect suit or none.
Lailah Gifty Akita|We can do no good, without God's grace,
Osho, Bliss: Living beyond happiness and misery|As long as there is thirst in you, water can quench it; but you can live a kind of life in which you never feel thirsty; do not go in the sun, do no manual work, stay at home and relax and you will not feel the thirst. But then you will find no joy in drinking water. He who toils all day, enjoys the bliss of a good night’s rest. This is ironical: if you want to enjoy the pleasure of a good night’s sleep you have to work like a labourer all day. The trouble is that you want to spend your days like an emperor and your nights like a labourer.
Julie Klam, Please Excuse My Daughter: A Memoir|The last remnants of Deanna the child--the idealist, the sheltered elite--had been torn loose by tonight's tragedies, slain with the same bullet that had felled her would-be killer. She had no idea who the new person inhabiting this shell of her old self would become. The realization frightened her.
Laurie Graham, The Future Homemakers of America|I thought the invention of mobile phone was to save our time & money, be we are doing exactly the opposite.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Nothing good stands without the right attitude. You may know how to do it, but if the attitude is negative, all you can say is “I could have done it”.
Mitch Kynock|Never feel that you are alone, as someone is always be your side.
Jonathan Franzen, How to Be Alone|Reading enables me to maintain a sense of something substantive– my ethical integrity, my intellectual integrity.
John O'Donohue|In a multi-racial society, trust, understanding and tolerance are the cornerstones of peace and order.
Robin Hobb, Fool's Errand|Life is a balance. We tend to forget that as we go blithely from day to day. We eat and drink and sleep and assume we will always rise up the next day, that meals and rest will always replenish us. Injuries we expect to heal, and pain to lessen as time goes by. Even when we are faced with wounds that heal more slowly, with pain that lessens by day only to return in full force at nightfall, even when sleep does not leave us rested, we still expect that somehow tomorrow will all come back into balance and that we will go on. At some point, the exquisite balance has tipped, and despite all our flailing efforts, we begin the slow fall from the body that maintains itself to the body that struggles, nails clawing, to cling to what it used to be.
Candace Cameron Bure|I actually study boxing - my dad was a Golden Gloves champion so I learned how to fight at a very young age. Growing up in Brooklyn you always had to watch your back, so I pretty much learned to protect myself.
Jonathan Edwards|One may be "outside" the church, but one can never be "outside" of God's love.
Monika Zands|It is in the darkest hour, when we are faced with our deepest most wrenching fears, that we are given the greatest strength. The choice is whether we succumb to the fear or rise with courage to face our truth and shine our brilliance as our sword of valor.
Joshua Foer, Moonwalking with Einstein: The Art and Science of Remembering Everything|Over the last few millennial, we've invented a series of technologies … that have made it progressively easier and easier for us to externalize our memories, for us to outsource this fundamental human capacity.
Michael Pollan, The Botany of Desire: A Plant's-Eye View of the World|A good many times I have been present at gatherings of people who, by the standards of the traditional culture, are thought highly educated and who have with considerable gusto been expressing their incredulity at the illiteracy of scientists. Once or twice I have been provoked and have asked the company how many of them could describe the Second Law of Thermodynamics. The response was cold: it was also negative. Yet I was asking something which is about the scientific equivalent of: Have you read a work of Shakespeare's?
Erin Kellison, Tempted by Fire|You see?" Thane waved at the photo. "Everything about her is nonsensical. A dragon who lies with a wolf? I suppose pigs fly and the moon is blue, too.
Kendrick Lamar|Most people are completely unaware of their breath. They violate your space, they have no idea that they have halitosis.
Bindi Irwin|I think the best thing about my job is that I have my life documented, which not many people get to have. They have a photo here and there and maybe some video footage from a birthday. My kids will be able to see me growing up.
Steven Redhead, Keys to Creating Your Reality|Life is indeed a gamble, the ultimate game of chance, based purely upon having the ability to make the right choices at the right time. You never win or lose in life if you realise it is all just for the experience. Learn to create your own destiny, don't wait to see what fate throws your way.
Kenya Wright, Escape|Say you’re beautiful,” I whispered, stroking her. “I’m beautiful.” “Good,” I murmured, kissing her jaw then moving south. “Say it again.
Amy E. Butcher, Visiting Hours: A Memoir of Friendship and Murder|I realise now that the pain Kevin felt - that night, and for nearly eighteen months beforehand, since his suicide attempt - was no less real, no less urgent, than a heart attach, a stroke, a seizure. Than the sensation of running too hard or running too fast, keeling over, grasping for air. Wishing for something to fill your lungs - to rush in and then revive you - except nothing ever does, and maybe nothing ever can.It is unpleasant, of course, to sympathise with suicide. It is unpleasant to believe in a reality in which death is the only option. And it is problematic, certainly, to compare suicide to running, to cardiac arrest, to terminal cancer. But this is precisely the problem: There is no fair parallel that can be drawn between those who felt the dark pull of suicide and those who never have.
Amit Ray, Walking the Path of Compassion|When a person becomes aware of their genius and they live it and they give generously from it, they change the world, they affect the world. And when they depart everyone knows something is missing.
Mattie Stepanek|Delicious autumn! My very soul is wedded to it, and if I were a bird I would fly about the earth seeking the successive autumns.
Mary Balogh|I believe,” he said gently, “we all have a perfect right to make ourselves unhappy if that is what we freely choose. But I am not sure we have the right to allow our own unhappiness to cause someone else’s. The trouble with life sometimes is that we are all in it together.
Osjusn CC|Truly being authentic is knowing what matters to you, on the deepest level of who you are, and committing always to act from that authentic center.
Mark Twain|Warm summer sun,  shine brightly here, Warm Southern wind,  blow softly here, Green sod above,  lie light, lie light, Good night, dear heart;  good night, good night.
Bryan  Murphy|Things stayed peaceful in there, even as the crashing vehicles and the cries of the injured and dying reached a crescendo outside. "I fry mine in butter!" indeed.
B.J. Daniels, Rescue At Cardwell Ranch|I know what you're up to.""I doubt that." Hayes leaned toward her, his hand looping around the back of McKenzie's neck as he gently drew her to him. "Because if you could see what I was up to, then you'd know I was about to kiss you.
Slavoj Žižek|The fact that a cloud from a minor volcanic eruption in Iceland—a small disturbance in the complex mechanism of life on the Earth—can bring to a standstill the aerial traffic over an entire continent is a reminder of how, with all its power to transform nature, humankind remains just another species on the planet Earth.
Daniele Lanzarotta|You understand nothing," I told him with a weary shake of the head, but I would not try to make him understand. That there was no justification for it: the murder of another, no matter how vile. We had all been wrong and, blackest of ironies, I had known this to hold that precious and wondrous thing, life, in my hands. To hold it in my hands before I destroyed it.
Frank Herbert, Dune Messiah|The flesh surrenders itself. Eternity takes back its own. Our bodies stirred these waters briefly, danced with a certain intoxication before the love of life and self, dealt with a few strange ideas, then submitted to the instruments of Time. What can we say of this? I occurred. I am not...yet, I occurred.
Shane Claiborne, The Irresistible Revolution: Living as an Ordinary Radical|Critics of soccer contend that the game inherently culminates in death and destruction. They argue that the game gives life to tribal identities which should be disappearing in a world where a European Union and globalization are happily shredding such ancient sentiments. Another similar widely spread thesis that holds that the root cause of violence can be found in the pace of the game itself. Because goals come so irregularly, fans spend far too much time sublimating their emotions, anticipating but never releasing. When those emotions swell and become uncontainable, the fans erupt into dark, Dionysian fits of ecstatic violence.
Debasish Mridha|To enjoy life at its best, be an epitome of style and elegance.
George R.R. Martin, A Clash of Kings|It was pleasant to think that men still sang, even in the midst of butchery and famine.
Jim Butcher, Changes|Ack!" I said.Fearless master of the witty dialogue, that's me.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|I claim that space is part of our culture. You've heard complaints that nobody knows the names of the astronauts, that nobody gets excited about launches, that nobody cares anymore except people in the industry. I don't believe that for a minute.
Clive Anderson|Some types of environmental restoration projects are well-known; restored wetlands, for instance, or coal mine reclamation projects. Recently though, larger dam removal projects have started, a number of them in Washington state.
William Wiley|Facebook is massive in scale and scope. Twitter is a public communication forum, but if I'm following you, you're not necessarily following me. LinkedIn is, simply, a professional network.
Danica Patrick|The cool thing is that now that people have made this evolution where cooking is cool, people are doing it on weekends, they're doing their own challenges. It's back to cooking. And it's real cooking.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|When your vision is clear for your life, goals, and dreams, the confidence and assurance gained bear fruit to joy and peace.
David Brier, The Lucky Brand|If your brand is a cliché, your brand is losing sales and growth. Why? If your brand is using clichés to promote itself, you’re promoting your “category,” not your unique, individual brand. Painful? Yes. Solvable? Absolutely.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you have no product to show for your time, you are a time waster.
Auliq Ice|Lets try to put last year's problems behind us and make what's bright now, for last year is not now.
Christina Baker Kline|BAIT GOATThere is a distance where magnets pull, we feel, having held them back. Likewise there is a distance where words attract. Set one out like a bait goat and wait and seven others will approach. But watch out: roving packs can pull your word away. You find your stake yanked and some rough bunch to thank.
Tice Davids aka David T. Parker|I want to earn more money but my body says "I'm tired," and my spirit says "I have no desire," whoever said "I'm not a trinity" is a complete liar!
Mercedes Lackey|If I'm walking on thin ice, I might as well dance my way across.
Michel O'Brien|Bad art has the power to deform a people just as good art generates new reflection, growth, vision, and hope.
Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea|In the latter months of his own long sickness the Master Herbal had taught him much of the healer's lore, and the first lesson and the last of all that lore was this: Heal the wound and cure the illness, but let the dying spirit go.
Sandra Day O'Connor|I am not going to leave this land, I will die as a martyr at the end … I shall remain, defiant. Muammar is leader of the revolution until the end of time.
Rachael Taylor|As for Guns N' Roses, I don't think there's ever a chance of a reunion.
Sylvia Earle|I did not want to be a tree, a flower or a wave. In a dancer's body, we as audience must see ourselves, not the imitated behavior of everyday actions, not the phenomenon of nature, not exotic creatures from another planet, but something of the miracle that is a human being.
Earthschool Harmony, Back To Grace: Spiritual poetry and reflections|Surrender your pain, look within and see your perfect and divine self.
Agatha Christie, Hercule Poirot's Christmas|The singing grew louder as they approached the church. It made Harry’s throat constrict, it reminded him so forcefully of Hogwarts, of Peeves bellowing rude versions of carols from inside suits of armour, of the Great Hall’s twelve Christmas trees, of Dumbledore wearing a bonnet he had won in a cracker, of Ron in a hand-knitted sweater…
Stan Goff, Full Spectrum Disorder: The Military in the New American Century|What matters most is not 'what' you are, but 'who' you are.
Brandon Sanderson, Elantris|The Shaod, it was called. The Transformation... When it came, the fortuante person's life ended and began anew; he would discard his old, mundane existence and move to Elantris. Elantris, where he could live in bliss, rule in wisdom, and be worshiped for eternity.Eternity ended ten years ago.
Elaine Dundy, The Dud Avocado|For someone who likes to get around as much as I do, I really travel quite badly. Planes frighten me, boats bore me, trains make me dirty, cars make me car-sick. And practically nothing can equal the critical dismay with which I first greet the sight of new places.
Jacob M. Appel, The Biology of Luck|In Life There are No Limits, Only Plateaus.
Harriet Beecher Stowe, Uncle Tom's Cabin|An intellectual is usually someone who isn't exactly distinguished by his intellect," Corelli asserted. "he claims that label to compensate for his inadequacies. It's as old as that saying : "Tell me what you boast of and I'll tell you what you lack. Our daily bread. The incompetent always present themselves as experts, the cruel as pious, sinners as devout, usurers as benefactors, the small-minded as patriots, the arrogant as humble, the vulgar as elegant, and the feeble-minded as intellectual. Once again, it's all the work of nature. Far from being the sylph to whom poets sing, nature is a cruel, voracious mother who needs to feed on the creatures she gives birth to in order to stay alive.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg|College graduates should not have to live out their 20s in their childhood bedrooms, staring up at fading Obama posters and wondering when they can move out and get going with life.
Sunday Adelaja|When a person builds his life on the Word of God, he is not afraid of any trial.
Alisha Boe|Mainly, I thought of Barney as a kid. You can always look into the faces of kids and see what they're thinking, if they're happy or sad. That's what I tried to do with Barney.
Unknown|Her eyes were a different shade of green today, a soft green. The colour of autumn leaves just before they started turning brown. He had known her for three years, and there were no two days that she looked the same. Every day was a different form of beauty that was slotted irrepressibly into his memory.
Shane Claiborne, The Irresistible Revolution: Living as an Ordinary Radical|For even if the whole world believed in resurrection, little would change until we began to practice it. We can believe in CPR, but people will remain dead until someone breathes new life into them. And we can tell the world that there is life after death, but the world really seems to be wondering if there is life before death.
Charlotte Eriksson|My mind is killing me”— The Glass Child, Stuck In My Mind
Mahatma Gandhi|To call woman the weaker sex is a libel; it is man's injustice to woman. If by strength is meant brute strength, then, indeed, is woman less brute than man. If by strength is meant moral power, then woman is immeasurably man's superior. Has she not greater intuition, is she not more self-sacrificing, has she not greater powers of endurance, has she not greater courage? Without her, man could not be. If nonviolence is the law of our being, the future is with woman. Who can make a more effective appeal to the heart than woman?", Oct. 4, 1930)]
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Princess|Brastias. My friend.” Uh-oh, this couldn’t be good. “Do you lie to me?”“Uh . . . no.”“See? That’s a lie!
Thomas Hardy, Under the Greenwood Tree|If we be doomed to marry, we marry; if we be doomed to remain single we do.
Mary Oliver, Dog Songs|I hate metaphors. That’s why my favorite book is Moby Dick. No frou-frou symbolism. Just a good, simple tale about a man who hates an animal.
Andrea Portes, Anatomy of a Misfit|Sure, stories can be like a fire on a cold night. But they can burn too. There ain't nothin' can cut deeper or sting with more poison than words can.
Al Franken|There's a saying. If you want someone to love you forever, buy a dog, feed it and keep it around.
Larry Hagman|We all become great explorers during our first few days in a new city, or a new love affair.
Dan Millman, Way of the Peaceful Warrior: A Book That Changes Lives|Its not workload that kills you, its worry that kills you.
Andrew Weil|I put quite a few trees in last autumn. A lot of silver birch and a couple of native trees - just generally doing gardening, putting plants in and hedges in. It takes quite a lot of time and I love it.
Anthony Liccione|Depression, is like trying to find a light switch in pitch darkness. Defeating it takes much assistance and resource. First, it's letting in loved ones that are reaching out, when light will begin to shine.
Don Baker, The God of Second Chances: The Remaking of Moses|Amazed, Fat said, "She's decomposing and yet she's still giving birth?""Only to monsters," Dr. Stone said.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The early bird gets the first worm, but the wisest bird gets the fattest one.
Ingmar Bergman|I have always maintained a strong opposition to marriage because I would have to be in serious denial to pretend I wasn't born with a personality for divorce. Whatever the opposite of amicable is, that's how my breakups tend to play out.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, This Side of Paradise|The castle grounds were gleaming in the sunlight as though freshly painted; the cloudless sky smiled at itself in the smoothly sparkling lake, the satin-green lawns rippled occasionally in a gentle breeze: June had arrived.
Munia Khan|If God sets your speed limit high, don't be afraid of your life-car being crashed.
James MacGregor Burns|Educationists should build the capacities of the spirit of inquiry, creativity, entrepreneurial and moral leadership among students and become their role model.
Lailah Gifty Akita|One spirit, one shepherd
Mamur Mustapha|The imaginary fortress in your head you seek refuge in; never has, & never will protect your physical being from harm.
Tina Fey, Bossypants|My parents raised me that you never ask people about their reproductive plans. “You don’t know their situation,” my mom would say. I considered it such an impolite question that for years I didn’t even ask myself. Thirty-five turned into forty faster than McDonald’s food turns into cold nonfood.
Beau Taplin|Self love is an oceanand your heart is a vessel. Make it full,and any excess will spill overinto the lives of the peopleyou hold dear. But you must come first.
Louis L'Amour, The Lonesome Gods|You are to consider that a certain melancholy and often a certain irascibility accompany advancing age: indeed it might be said that advancing age equals ill-temper. On reaching the middle years a man perceives that he is no longer able to do certain things, that what looks he may have had are deserting him, that he has a ponderous great belly, and that however much he may yet burn he is no longer attractive to women; and he rebels. Fortitude, resignation and philosophy are of more value than any pills, red, white or blue.
Elia Kazan|Art: If the object of poetry is, to make men, then poetry is the heir of prophecy.
Rem Koolhaas|After my schooling, I was not thrilled by the idea of treading the usual doctor-engineer line. I wanted to pursue something artistic, and I was good at drawing. The options before me were architecture, fashion, and interior designing.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We are to be catch basins for the fullness of God. Like a freshly running spring, we are to overflow and let our lives touch the lives of those around us.
Ravindra Shukla|Engaging in activities devoid of difficulty, lounging in risk-free zones, is life without great meaning.
John Jeremiah Sullivan, The Best American Essays 2014|Nietzsche lampooned the romantics of his day (a half century later), noting that "they muddy the waters to make them look deep.
Mohd Asri Zainul Abidin, Islam in Malaysia: Perceptions & Facts|Islam is not man's ultimate justification to do as he pleases--it is, instead, a religion built on reason and evidence. If each of us asks the ustaz for the causes of his religious opinions, then we should, by doing so, help realise the principles of Islam and thus improve intellectual discussion in our own community.
Brian Spellman, Cartoonist's Book Camp|Many moral advances have taken the form of a shift in sensibilities that made an action seem more ridiculous than sinful, such as dueling, bullfighting, and jingoistic war. And many effective social critics, such as Swift, Johnson, Voltaire, Twain, Oscar Wilde, Bertrand Russell, Tom Lehrer, and George Carlin have been smart-ass comedians rather than thundering prophets. What in our psychology allows the joke to be mightier than the sword?Humor works by confronting an audience with an incongruity, which may be resolved by switching to another frame of reference. And in that alternative frame of reference, the butt of the joke occupies a lowly or undignified status. ...Humor with a political or moral agenda can stealthily challenge a relational model that is second nature to an audience by forcing them to see that it leads to consequences that the rest of their minds recognize as absur
Inazo Nitobe, Bushido: The Soul of Japan. A Classic Essay on Samurai Ethics|Prayer is the most tangible expression of trust in God. If we would trust God for our persecuted brothers and sisters in other countries, we must be diligent in prayer for their rulers. If we would trust God when decisions of government in our own country go against our best interests, we must pray for His working in the hearts of those officials and legislators who make those decisions. The truth that the king's heart is in the hand of the Lord is meant to be a stimulus to prayer, not a stimulus to a fatalistic attitude.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I pray for sufficient wisdom to understand that wisdom apart from God is the stuff of opinion tainted by the rot of bias. And if I am somehow apt to confuse such rubbish with wisdom, I will think myself wise but find myself living in a landfill.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, Disciples of Fortune|Hope is soothing, but it can become deceptive if we cling to it as the last resort against reality.
Charles F. Glassman|I may not be the kind of person you want me to, but I will always be there for you.
Kay Redfield Jamison, An Unquiet Mind: A Memoir of Moods and Madness|Mental illness turns people inwards. That's what I reckon. It keeps up forever trapped by the pain of our own minds, in the same way that the pain of a broken leg or a cut thumb will grab your attention, holding it so tightly that your good leg or your good thumb seem to cease to exist.
Galway Kinnell, Three Books: Body Rags; Mortal Acts, Mortal Words; The Past|When a group of people get up from a table, the table doesn’tknow which way any of them will go.
W.D. Lady|Always set small, realistic goals that you know you can achieve first. But don't give up on the bigger ones that may seem too far from your reach.
Deyth Banger|I lost my voice and my best friend tooOn swift, fierce winds and wings of blue, The cold rain fell where beams had shone, So I wrapped up tight and safe. Alone.But I missed my friend, I missed my voice, And my heart still whispered of another choiceTo break out of my binding, safe, and warm,And see what the world looked like after the storm.So I struggled free and was greeted byColorful brushstrokes across the sky,The melody of the summer breezeAnd blue wings like mine in hazel trees.On the soft, sweet air of the mountain glade,We gathered together in cool, green shade,And told our stories, beginnings to ends,And found our song in the hearts of new friends.
Cherríe L. Moraga|Horseman. I know you were born back when women were thought of as little more than brood mares and slaves, but it's the twenty-first century, and we can do anything a man does.
William Makepeace Thackeray, Vanity Fair|The Crusaders lead to the Knights Templar; the Knights Templar lead to the Masons; and the Masons lead to the Shriners, a secret society that controls world government, toys with our banking system, and single-handedly keeps the fez industry afloat.
P.S. Bartlett|When a day goes by and I haven't written anything, I better have been doing something worth writing about.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|When I feel threatened, vulnerable, or insecure, whether it from simply walking into a room of unknown people, meeting someone for the first time, an unexpected or expected confrontation, or doing something new, I affirm in my mind (over and over): There is no danger, there is no threat. From there, the discomfort lessens and I become open for discovery and adventure.
Deyth Banger|You win, not by defeating others, but by performing better than before.
Kiersten White, Supernaturally|The website didn't say how much brains--or even how many--I should eat, only that I should eat them in 48 hours OR ELSE. Why doesn't anyone pay attention to details anymore? Would it be so hard to add a simple line like, BTW, Maddy, 3 pounds of brains per week is plenty?Seriously, am I the first new zombie ever to ask?
Mark Blyth, Austerity: The History of a Dangerous Idea|Misconceptions of business are almost inevitable in a society where most people have neither studied nor run businesses. In a society where most people are employees and consumers, it is easy to think of businesses as “them” – as impersonal organizations, whose internal operations are largely unknown and whose sums of money may sometimes be so huge as to be unfathomable.
Kenneth C. Davis, Don't Know Much about History: Everything You Need to Know about American History But Never Learned|The following twenty years would be the nadir of American Indian history, as the total Indian population between 1890 and 1910 fell to fewer than 250,000. (It was not until 1917 that Indian births exceeded deaths for the first time in fifty years.)
David Carradine|If you can not be a poet, be the poem.
Dianna Bellerose|True friends are always together in spirit." Lucy Maud Montgomery
David Rosenfelt, Leader of the Pack|When the subject is sacred, proud and clever men may come to think that the outsiders who don't know it are not merely inferior to them in skill but lower in God's eyes; as the priests said, 'All that rabble who are not experts in the Torah are accursed.' and as this pride increases, the 'subject' or study which confers such privilege will grow more and more complicated, the list of things forbidden will increase, till to get through a single day without supposed sin becomes like an elaborate step-dance, and this horrible network breeds self-righteousness in some and haunting anxiety in others.
Craig Ferguson, American on Purpose: The Improbable Adventures of an Unlikely Patriot|It is impossible to understand addiction without asking what relief the addict finds, or hopes to find, in the drug or the addictive behaviour.
Immanuel Kant, Fundamental Principles of the Metaphysic of Morals|A man reduced to despair by a series of misfortunes feels wearied of life, but is still so far in possession of his reason that he can ask himself whether it would not be contrary to his duty to himself to take his own life. Now he inquires whether the maxim of his action could become a universal law of nature. His maxim is: From self-love I adopt it as a principle to shorten my life when its longer duration is likely to bring more evil than satisfaction. It is asked then simply whether this principle founded on self-love can become a universal law of nature. Now we see at once that a system of nature of which it should be a law to destroy life by means of the very feeling whose special nature it is to impel to the improvement of life would contradict itself, and therefore could not exist as a system of nature; hence that maxim cannot possibly exist as a universal law of nature, and consequently would be wholly inconsistent with the supreme principle of all duty.
Christine Feehan, Dark Desire|Gregori was the one who came up with the idea about human psychic women, and I’m certain he’s right. You and your mother support his theory. He also thinks there’s something in the Carpathian woman’s chemistry that makes it nearly impossible for the female chromosome to beat out the male.” “Wouldn’t you know he’d think it was the woman,” Shea sniffed contemptuously. “More than likely the men determine the sex, just like in humans, and they just can’t produce girls.” She grinned at Raven. “The men bring about their own destruction.” Raven laughed. “Mikhail would never let me speak to you again if he could hear us. He thinks I’m too independent and disrespectful already.” She shrugged carelessly. “It’s probably true, but it’s a lot of fun. I love the way he gets that pained look on his face. He’s so cute.” “Cute? I’ll bet he likes that description.
Barbara Morgenroth, Bad Apple|The future was something I had resolutely ignored. If didn't put my full attention to the day at hand, I was afraid that the impenetrable dark on the horizon would engulf me
Jules Verne, Journey to the Center of the Earth|Science, my boy, is made up of mistakes, but they are mistakes which it is useful to make, because they lead little by little to the truth.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|God does not need our money. He owns everything, including “our” money. What He wants [us] to discover is where our central focus of worship lies. Is that focus on God or our money?
Shunryu Suzuki, Zen Mind, Beginner's Mind: Informal Talks on Zen Meditation and Practice|He knows not where he's going,For the ocean will decide,Its not the destination,It's the glory of the ride
Jerzy Pilch, The Mighty Angel|It is not in the entrails of doves that the fall of empires can be read, but in the breeding of secrets and the multiplication of lies.
Scott Andrews, PiSlamistan|He hiccupped and continued: "I write therefore I come...But unfortunately, my orgies are never eternal!...
R.C. Sproul, Lifeviews: Make a Christian Impact on Culture and Society|I’ve often wondered where Jesus would apply His hastily made whip if He were to visit our culture. My guess is that it would not be money-changing tables in the temple that would feel His wrath, but the display racks in Christian bookstores.
Alexandra Robbins, The Geeks Shall Inherit the Earth: Popularity, Quirk Theory and Why Outsiders Thrive After High School|If there is a single factor that spells out the difference between the cafeteria fringe headed for greatness and those doomed for low self-worth, even more than a caring teacher or a group of friends, it is supportive, accepting parents who not only love their children unconditionally, but also don't make them feel as if their idiosyncrasies qualify as "conditions" in the first place.
Mira Nair|I am worried about development in the field of information technology, communication, etc. So you cannot say that I have become inactive.
Lisa Kessler, Harvest Moon|Jason lifted me up, and I wrapped my legs around his waist. His forehead rested against mine. "I've never liked dancing." He started to sway with the music and the tide, turning us slowly. "But maybe I just never had the right partner.
John Steinbeck, East of Eden|Sometimes, a lie is told in kindness. I don't believe it ever works kindly. The quick pain of truth can pass away, but the slow, eating agony of a lie is never lost.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Love builds, encourages and strengthens.
Johnny Rich, The Human Script|I may not be free, but I’m not about to surrender the illusion of choice.
William Lloyd Garrison|In Medford, I awaked the Captain of the Minute Men; & after that, I alarmed almost every house, till I got to Lexington.
Will Durant, Our Oriental Heritage|In some way the god had to be appeased and satisfied; for his worshipers had made him in the image and dream of themselves, and he had no great regard for human life, or womanly tears.
Anatoliy Obraztsov, A Crossing or the Drop`s History|A person is a great process, a bridge from animal to Soul. But we do not know about it
Mark Twain|It is by the goodness of god that in our country we have those 3 unspeakably precious things: freedom of speech, freedom of conscience, and the prudence never to practice either of them.
Jodi Picoult, Salem Falls|If I tell you another seven hundred times, maybe one of these days you might turn your clothes right side out when you put them in the hamper, eh?
The power of one|Little beat big When Little smart. First with the head, then with the heart.
lauren klarfeld|As change is a constant – as our houses, our money, our friends, our things and even our lovers can always disappear - the one thing that we will always remain the closest to, will be our minds and our bodies.
Francis de Sales|The same Everlasting Father who cares for you today will take care of you tomorrow and every day of your life. Either He will shield you from suffering, or He will give you unfailing strength to bear it. Be at peace then, and put aside all anxious thoughts.
Laura Hillenbrand, Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption|The paradox of vengefulness is that it makes men dependent upon those who have harmed them, believing that their release from pain will come only when they make their tormentors suffer. In seeking the Bird's death to free himself, Louie had chained himself, once again, to his tyrant. During the war, the Bird had been unwilling to let go of Louie; after the war, Louie was unable to let go of the Bird.
S.F. Chandler, We The Great Are Misthought|You know you've reached rock bottom when you're standing on the beach, looking to the horizon, and you don't notice you'r ankle-deep in dead fish.
Billy Coffey, The Devil Walks in Mattingly|People who talk too much are tiresome, especially those who are not informative, thought-provoking, or funny.
Paulo Coelho|you don't need to go that far in the future, you just have to go 2000 years ago,
Natalia Jaster, Touch|Putting her mind to it, Love would become familiar with his body. She would know him from top to bottom, from beginning to end.Touching this boy would be the death, and life, of her.
Barkha Chainani|Home...Is there really any place like it? A warm place filled with comfortable things. The smells and sounds of a home can ease the heaviest of hearts. A place where everything we cherish is nestled within its walls and greets us with familiar smiles as we walk through its' doors. When we wander away, if we're lucky enough, its arms await to embrace us once more.
Amy Poehler|Someday you will wake up feeling 51 percent happy and slowly, molecule by molecule, you will feel like yourself again.
Nick Paumgarten|Once you have hundreds of millions of dollars, it’s hard to know where to put it all. Art is transportable, unregulated, glamorous, arcane, beautiful, difficult. It is easier to store than oil, more esoteric than diamonds, more durable than political influence.
Neil Gaiman, The Graveyard Book|I've discovered the true secret of happiness, Daddy, and that is to live in the now. Not to be ever regretting past, or anticipating the future; but to get the most that you can out of this very instant . It's like farming. You can have extensive farming and intensive farming; well, I am going to have intensive living after this. I'm going to joy every second, and I'm going to know I'm enjoying while I'm enjoying it. Most people don't live, they just race. They are trying to reach some goal far away on the horizon, and in the heat of the going they get so breathless and panting that they lose all sight of the beautiful, tranquil country they are passing through; and then the first thing they know, they are old and worn out, and it doesn't make any difference whether they've reached the goal or not. I've decided to sit down by the way and pile up a lot of happiness.
Thomas Moore|My favorite hobby is being alone. I like to be alone. I also like dancing, fishing, playing poker sometimes and vegetable gardening - corn, tomatoes, cucumbers, I have a big garden every year.
Simone Elkeles, Perfect Chemistry|you think you've never been wrong before?"-alex"sure i have why just last week I bought bobbi brown sandwash petal lip gloss when the pink blossom color would have looked so much better with my complexion. needless to say the purchase was a total disaster"- brittney"ill bet"-alex."havent you ever been wrong before?"-brittany "absolutely. last week, when i robbed that bank over by the walgreens, I told the teller to hand over all the fifties he had in the till. what i really should have asked for was the twenties 'cause there were way more twenties than fifties"- alex"what a disaster"- brittany
Frederick Buell, From Apocalypse to Way of Life: Environmental Crisis in the American Century|The principle of fair reduction is based on the concept of historic responsibility. Developed countries finished industrialising first. Thus, over the last 60 years, the developed countries, which represent 17 percent of the world's population, have been responsible for 70 percent of carbon emissions. The developed countries should adjust for this disparity accordingly. In contrast, developing countries, which represent 83 percent of the world's population, have contributed only 30 percent of total carbon emissions over the past 60 years. It is therefore fair to give developing countries more leeway to produce carbon emissions.
Brittany Burgunder|No one knows your truth but you. If you're secure in yourself, no one and no(thing) can touch you.
Robert Griffin III|If there were no schools to take the children away from home part of the time, the insane asylums would be filled with mothers.
Susan Campbell Bartoletti|Fame, I have already. Now I need the money.
James Joyce, Ulysses|To create, I destroyed myself; I made myself external to such a degree within myself that within myself I do not exist except in an external fashion. I am the living setting in which several actors make entrances, putting on several different plays.
Adelaide Crapsey|Is it as plainly in our living shown,By which way the wind hath blown?
Cassia Leo, Black Box|This is called ‘Black Box’, for the girl who holds the key to mine.
Jennifer Lopez|I like the bad-boy types. Generally the guy I'm attracted to is the guy in the club with all the tattoos and nail polish. He's usually the lead singer in a punk band and plays guitar. But my serious boyfriends are relatively clean-cut, nice guys. So it's strange.
Sven Lindqvist, Exterminate All the Brutes: &, Desert Divers|I am in good company, simply following those in front of me and knowing others are following behind. We are on our way up a narrow staircase. The bannister is a thick rope suggesting safety. The stairs go around and around inside a church tower; or perhaps it is a minaret? The whorls of the staircase grow narrower and narrower, but as there are so many people behind there is no longer any possibility of turning around or even stopping. The pressure from behind foeces me on. The staircase suddenly stops at a garbage chute in the wall. When i open the hatch and squeeze my way through the hole, i find myself on the outside of the tower. The rope has dissappeared. It is totally dark. I cling on to the slippery, icy wall of the tower while vainly trying to find a foothold in the emptiness.
Javed Jamil, Muslim Vision of Secular India: Destination & Roadmap|The current political dispensation in the country takes pride in its affiliations with religion and culture. But unfortunately, they have become a corporate government more than a moral government. Religion to them does not mean the supremacy of moral, family and social values prescribed by religion, but hatred based on religious identity. If they can revisit their strategy, and take a bold stand against social vices, almost all the religious communities of the country, which means more than 95 pc of the people, will be standing behind them. But unfortunately, they stand for the rest 5 per cent.
Robin Hobb, Royal Assassin|He crept up, and touched the face of the boy. "Didst thou dream that I should be faithless and forsake thee? I— a dog?" said that mute caress.
Thich Nhat Hanh|For thousands of years, human beings have been obsessed with beauty, truth, love, honor, altruism, courage, social relationships, art, and God. They all go together as subjective experiences, and it's a straw man to set God up as the delusion. If he is, then so is truth itself or beauty itself.
Mark Denman|PHOTOGRAPHY is the best way, where you can SAVE your sweet PAST.
Willa Cather|Maybe nature is like you and me. It works like all of us. If the weather changes all the time,then it must be on duty. On this cold day winter has started it's shift therefore let us leave it to do it's job.
Jalaluddin Rumi|Late, by myself, in the boat of myself,no light and no land anywhere,cloudcover thick. I try to stayjust above the surface, yet I'm already underand living within the ocean.
Jandy Nelson, The Sky Is Everywhere|That's just how it is. Grief and love are conjoined, you don't get one without the other.
Isak Dinesen, Out of Africa|After being told that the Professor “found it possible to believe for a moment in the existence of God,” Isak thought, “Has it been possible to God, at Mount Elgon, to believe for a moment in the existence of Professor Landgreen?
Karl Pilkington, An Idiot Abroad: The Travel Diaries of Karl Pilkington|I'm going on a diet.  (Crud, I know)I am going to be cranky. I am going to be irritable.I am going to be moody and sad and mean. And, yes, I am going to be hungry. Please don't feed me, even if I try to bite you. Please don't tease me, I may hurt you.Please don't try to encourage me, I may growl and snap at you. Please don't help me, I may blame you for everything aggravating in the known universe.  Please don't be offended by my scowl, I cannot smile.  But most importantly, please keep your distance until this trial is over to prevent any unnecessary casualties. Thank you for your understanding. 
Gretchen Rubin|Happiness is a critical factor for work, and work is a critical factor for happiness. In one of those life-isn't-fair results, it turns out that the happy outperform the less happy. Happy people work more hours each week - and they work more in their free time, too.
Anne Rice|I am not the kind of girl who trusts a man to tell her everything she needs to know in his own due time, so I did some research on my sire. You can take the girl out of the library, but you can't take the neurotic, compulsively curious librarian out of the girl.
Sarah Kay|I cannot speak for more than an hour exclusively about poetry. At that point, life itself takes over again.
Terry Brooks, Magic Kingdom For Sale/Sold|People don´t need a job, they need a vision.
Debasish Mridha|To be happy, pursue your purpose with love and honesty.
Leonard Seet|More than once, the broken moon would cast through the window a silver light and remind me of independent events yielding to their own momentum and interacting under natural laws while my mind would impose happiness, grief, beauty, ruin, justice and chaos.
Auliq-Ice|Not only do our trials become classrooms that teach us life’s most profound lessons, they add joy and meaning to daily living.
Arjun Kapoor|Therefore trust to thy heart, and to what the world calls illusions.
Anonymous|I love to read books. I love to read anything really, even the back of the cereal box.But there is nothing that will ignite your soul like reading God’s Word.
Dave Zebian|True pillar of subtle light embrace humanity between dimensions, they are serene consciousness washing the pains of all soul's.
Darnell Lamont Walker|When you don't make it too far from the plantation, you might as well befriend your captors.
Russ Whitney|Without commitment and real selflessness, real love shall always be like a sea without fish; a forest without the sweet harmonious chorus of the birds and a stomach without food
Andrea Goeglein|Complicated things CHALLENGE us most,HURTS us the most,and there, we LEARN the most.
Rachel Naomi Remen|Perhaps when we face our maker, we will not be asked, 'How many positions did you hold,' but rather, 'How many people did you help?
José Rizal|One should remember that where nobody flees, there is no pursuer: that where there are no little fish, there can be no big ones. Why does the girl not require her lover a noble and honoured name, a manly heart to protect her weakness, and a resolute spirit which will not be satisfied with engendering slaves? Let her discard all fear, behave nobly and yield not her youth to the weak and faint-hearted.
D.S. Murphy, Shearwater|I watched the colored lights and sparkles coming off of Sebastian in the dark water, as the ocean began the process of rebuilding his tail. I longed to join him in the water, to wrap my arms around him and let him carry me under the sea; but I wasn't ready. For him, the ocean was a home; for me it was death. Without being able to transform, the ocean depths would suffocate me, the pressure collapse my bones and flesh.
Hiromi Uehara|I had a lot of energy, and my mom decided to look for a place where I can spend the energy, because I was jumping on the couch and furniture, and I was jumping on the top of the things in the house.
Kathryn Hurn, HELL HEAVEN & IN-BETWEEN: One Woman's Journey to Finding Love|How easily such a thing can become a mania, how the most normal and sensible of women once this passion to be thin is upon them, can lose completely their sense of balance and proportion and spend years dealing with this madness.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Princess|If someone tells you you're not beautiful, turn around and walk away so they canhave a great view of your fabulous ass.
Scott Eastwood|I feel ups and downs are a part of one's career, and this totally depends on how you take it. You can either be knocked down by the negative things, or you can take it in a positive way and learn from it.
Bella Andre, Candy Store|There comes a point in your life when you realize who matters, who never did, who wont any more and who always will. And in the end you will learn who is fake, who is true and who would risk it all for you.
Brandi Salazar, Buried Secrets|You look good, Clearwater. Been working out?' Danie teased. 'He does, doesn't he?'Janelle agreed. 'This will totally work.'James' eyes darted back and forth between the girls, his head spinning. 'Wait, what will work?
James S.A. Corey, Abaddon's Gate|Holden was starting to feel like they were all monkeys playing with a microwave. Push a button, a light comes on inside, so it’s a light. Push a different button and stick your hand inside, it burns you, so it’s a weapon. Learn to open and close the door, it’s a place to hide things. Never grasping what it actually did, and maybe not even having the framework necessary to figure it out. No monkey ever reheated a frozen burrito. So here the monkeys were, poking the shiny box and making guesses about what it did.
Timothy Radcliffe|With a great poet the sense of Beauty overcomes every other consideration, or rather obliterates all consideration.
Stephen Hawking, A Briefer History of Time|As to your Newton, I confess I do not understand his void and his gravity; I admit he has demonstrated the movement of the heavenly bodies with more exactitude than his forerunners; but you will admit it is an absurdity to maintain the existence of No
David McCullough, John Adams|You've got to marinate your head, in that time and culture.You've got to become them."(Speaking about researching, and reading, and immersing yourself in History)
Shirley A. Martin, Bengalo Moon: Jook and Gypsies Vol. 2|We are inheritors of progress, of a technological rebirth that had only ever been imagined before now. We don’t talk about it, but at some point, it became clear to me: I am the child of a bookless age.
Peter S. Beagle, The Last Unicorn|When I was alive, I believed — as you do — that time was at least as real and solid as myself, and probably more so. I said 'one o'clock' as though I could see it, and 'Monday' as though I could find it on the map; and I let myself be hurried along from minute to minute, day to day, year to year, as though I were actually moving from one place to another. Like everyone else, I lived in a house bricked up with seconds and minutes, weekends and New Year's Days, and I never went outside until I died, because there was no other door. Now I know that I could have walked through the walls. (...) You can strike your own time, and start the count anywhere. When you understand that — then any time at all will be the right time for you.
Maryanne Raphael, What Mother Teresa Taught Me|When You Care, People Notice
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls:Life Lessons from Solo Moments in New York|My main concern while in New York wasn't becoming a hot shot. I was more concerned with staying alive, and that took all the pleasure out of the experience. I didn't know where to find a grocery store so I subsisted on hot dogs, peanuts and whatever else I could buy from a street vendor. I didn't know how to hail a cab (apparently there's an art to it). I stood on the edge of the sidewalk and waved my arms around but no one stopped, so I limited my entire universe to however far I could walk and I never walked too far because I was afraid I'd get lost and never find my way back home again. Perhaps that's why there are so many homeless people in New York; maybe they're not really lost, maybe some of them have homes but they just don't know how to get there.
Kevin Michel, Moving Through Parallel Worlds To Achieve Your Dreams|Every hour of your life that ticks by, there are numerous points and moments when you can choose to pause - and be aware of your mental and physical state. At any given point, you can freeze the flow that is your life, and be fully conscious for a moment.
Bond Bixler|I don't know about you, but this whole life thing has been the cause of all my problems.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|Her eyes, always sad, now looked into the mirror with particular hopelessness. "She's flattering me," thought the princess, and she turned away and went on reading. Julie, however, was not flattering her friend: indeed, the princess's eyes, large, deep, and luminous (sometimes it was as if rays of light came from them in sheaves), were so beautiful that very often, despite the unattractiveness of the whole face, those eyes were more attractive than beauty. But the princess had never seen the good expression of thise eyes, the expression they had in moments when she was not thinking of herself. As with all people, the moment she looked in the mirror, her face assumed a strained, unnatural, bad expression.
Aireen Pontillo|Some people love me for being odd, and some want to kill me for the same reason
Elle James, Justice Burning|When he stood before her naked, he couldn't believe this beautiful woman, with the pale skin, flaming auburn hair, and eyes the color of spring hay, lay waiting for him.	Phoebe's cheeks flushed a pretty pink. "You look like you're hungry and ready to eat the proffered offering."	"I am, and I will.
Anna Comnena, The Alexiad|The stream of Time, irresistible, ever moving, carries off and bears away all things that come to birth and plunges them into utter darkness, both deeds of no account and deeds which are mighty and worthy of commemoration; as the playwright [Sophocles] says, it 'brings to light that which was unseen and shrouds from us that which was manifest.' Nevertheless, the science of History is a great bulwark against this stream of Time; in a way it checks this irresistible flood, it holds in a tight grasp whatever it can seize floating on the surface and will not allow it to slip away into the depths of Oblivion....I, having realized the effects wrought by Time, desire now by means of my writings to give an account of my father's deeds, which do not deserve to be consigned to Forgetfulness nor to be swept away on the flood of Time into an ocean of Non-Remembrance; I wish to recall everything....
David Blunkett|I've had maybe 20 jobs, big and small, and I've never hated any of them. At the same time, the moment the learning curve flattened, I was out of there.
Hannah Moskowitz|In contrast we let go of existence, meaning, and the sublime as categories to describe the object “God.” Instead these become ways in which we engage with the world. Yet, as we affirm the world in love, we indirectly sense that in letting go of God we have, in fact, found ourselves at the very threshold of God.
Chirag Tulsiani|There’s this thing about shadows.They mimic us. They are a constant reminder of the fact that we are not alone, we are never alone.They follow and they obey much like a disciple and his teacher. But when in darkness, they abandon us and are as lost as we are, they seek the same light we seek for only light can bring back their identity and ours.
Stephen Richards, Scottish Hard Bastards|When Barlinnie’s Prison doctor, Dr Danson, came to see Dingus, he turned in disgust at the state Dingus was left to lie in. Doctor Danson refused to treat him as he knew Dingus’s injuries were life threatening, he told the top warden that Dingus would need to be rushed to Glasgow Royal Infirmary for emergency surgery. The screws in the seg block refused to listen to the doctor, they pushed and manhandled their own doctor out of Dingus’s cell and threatened him with a severe beating if he made anything public about Dingus’s injuries.
Murray Bookchin, Post-Scarcity Anarchism|Limitation of scope, however, could represent a profound advantage from an ecological point of view. The sun, the wind and the earth are experiential realities to which men have responded sensuously and reverently from time immemorial. Out of these primal elements man developed his sense of dependence on—and respect for—the natural environment, a dependence that kept his destructive activities in check. The Industrial Revolution and the urbanized world that followed obscured nature's role in human experience—hiding the sun with a pall of smoke, blocking the winds with massive buildings, desecrating the earth with sprawling cities. Man's dependence on the natural world became invisible; it became theoretical and intellectual in character, the subject matter of textbooks, monographs and lectures. True, this theoretical dependence supplied us with insights (partial ones at best) into the natural world, but its onesidedness robbed us of all sensuous dependence on and all visible contact and unity with nature. In losing these, we lost a part of ourselves as feeling beings. We became alienated from nature. Our technology and environment became totally inanimate, totally synthetic—a purely inorganic physical milieu that promoted the deanimization of man and his thought.
Anne-Marie Slaughter, The Chessboard and the Web: Strategies of Connection in a Networked World|Weary looked at him and shook his head and put the tailgate up and drove down the gravel towards the bivouac, carrying two drunks, who both fatuously imagined, that once in a dream somewhere, sometime, someplace, they had managed for a moment to touch another human soul and understand it.
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|If you want to see, then begin to see how you see.
S.A. Tawks, Mule|I figured that maybe he was only hanging around for the tea and tobacco and when one ran out, so would he.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|The more you defend a lie, the angrier you become.
Dale Ahlquist, Common Sense 101: Lessons from G.K. Chesterton|He seems so frivolous and so careless, but he gives money to beggars, not frivolously or carelessly, but because he believes in giving money to beggars, and giving it to them “where they stand”.He says he knows perfectly well all the arguments against giving money to beggars. But he finds those to be precisely the arguments for giving money to them. If beggars are lazy or deceptive or wanting a drink, he knows only too well his own lack of motivation, his own dishonesty, his own thirst.He doesn’t believe in “scientific charity” because that is too easy, as easy as writing a check. He believes in “promiscuous charity” because that is really difficult. “It means the most dark and terrible of all human actions—talking to a man. In fact, I know of nothing more difficult than really talking to the poor men we meet.” (pp. 13-14)
Epicurus|Is God willing to prevent evil, but not able? Then he is not omnipotent. Is he able, but not willing? Then he is malevolent. Is he both able and willing? Then whence cometh evil? Is he neither able nor willing? Then why call him God?
Isaac Asimov|[…] without much ardor but quite unmistakably, she was writhing her hips as if she were dancing. When he was very close, he saw' her gaping mouth: she was yawning lengthily, insatiably: the great open hole was rocking gently atop die mechanically dancing body. Jean-Marc thought: she’s dancing and she’s bored.He reached the seawall: down below, on the beach, he saw men with their heads thrown back releasing kites into the air. They were doing it with passion, and Jean-Marc recalled his old theory: there are three kinds of boredom: passive boredom: the girl dancing and yawning; active boredom: kite-lovers; and rebellious boredom: young people burning cars and smashing shop windows.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When mind is so easy, body becomes so tranquil and so fearless.
Nora Ephron|I think I deal with my anger toward my relationship or about my relationship or about my friendships or my family - I deal with it on stage in a passive-aggressive way, and that can be very harmful if it gets back to them, which it always does.
Thomas C. Oden, Pastoral Theology: Essentials of Ministry|This worship of Humanity, with its rituals of Liberty and Equality, always struck me as like being a revival of the ancient cults, in which animals were gods or the gods bore the heads of animals.
Milan Kundera, Identity|Darling, my darling, don't think that I don't love you or that I didn't love you, but it's precisely because I love you that I couldn't have become what I am today if you were still here. It's impossible to have a child and despise the world as it is, because that's the world we've put the child into. The child makes us care about the world, think about it's future, willingly join in its racket and its turmoils, take its incurable stupidity seriously.
Georges Bernanos|God does say He will graciously entertain our prayers. He says that if we exercise faith, and if our request is in accordance with His will, He will hear us.
Sammy Sutton, King Solomon's Journey|Afterall, trust is greater than love, and to truly trust another humanbeing is rare. Love can exist without trust, but trust cannot exist without love. Antonio; Hidden Mountain
Daniel M. Gilbert|You can change the place you live, your clothes, your interests, your friends, your religion and even your partner. However, if you forgot to change your mind, attitude, beliefs about the world, how you treat people and how you plan to be different this time around, why did you even bother?
Mary E. DeMuth, Thin Places: A Memoir|My stubborn, self-savvy heart will not reach for the sky if my earth becomes everything I need. If people fill me up then where is my need for the transcendent? If everything is glory and beauty and sweetness and light, will I be the type of soul that reaches to Jesus?
Robert Stephen Parry, Virgin and the Crab - Sketches, Fables and Mysteries from the Early Life of John Dee and Elizabeth Tudor|Only danger is real, and difficulty. Yet we live to make our lives safe - and those of others. (..) I will fight my own people to keep them from fighting, for as long as can be. Never fight, until it is unsafe not to fight, unsafe for our souls as well as our bodies. Then fight for their safety, - but when it is won, remember that safety itself is unsafe. For what is safety? It is sleepy thing. It does not make one happy. It does not remind one that it is good to be alive. Life is taken for granted, so it is no longer surprise. It grows dull and monotonous, one lives as a tree or a cabbage or a cow in the straw of the byre. Our forefathers scorned "a straw death". A straw life is worse.
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Kiss an Angel|Anger is stupid, and stupidity will kill you more surely than your opponent's blade.
Jessica Shook, Shrapnel|When a hug is this big, you feel it for days.
Natalie C. Parker, Beware the Wild|He speaks in a way that leaves no room for argument, on the edge of condescension and caring. It's a trick all men of the South have to learn before they're accepted as one of the good ol' boys.
Jane Velez-Mitchell|See how fortune deludes us, and that which we put carefully into her hands, she either breaks or lets it fall from her hands, or causes it to be removed by the violence of another, or suffocates and poisons, or taints with suspicion, fear and jealousy to the great hurt and ruin of the possessor.
Sarah Noffke, Revived|Fate was a bitch, but she always had a wicked sense of humor. Today, he was her punch line. Tomorrow, she'd be laughing at them.-Darling's thoughts
A. Lee Martinez, In the Company of Ogres|It's not about having things figured out, or about communicating with other people, trying to make them understand what you understand. It's about a chicken dinner at a drive-in. A soft pillow. Things that don't need explaining.
Ahmad Dwidar|I could try to care, but I ain't sure it's worth the bother.
Ernst von Salomon, Der Fragebogen|Something, which the police called a bomb, had exploded in his shed. Investigations were begun, and the efforts of the authorities were soon to be categorized by the appropriate officals as "feverish", for bombs began to go off all over the place. The police collected fragments of the exploded bombs, and the press, anxious to help the police in their work, published impressive pictures of the fragments as well as a drawing of a reconstructed bomb together with a very detailed description of how it had been made.The police had done a really first-rate job. Even my brother and myself, both of us extremely untalented men in technical matters, could easily grasp how the bomb makers had gone to work. A large quantity of ordinary black gunpowder, such as is the be found in the cartridges sold for shoutguns, was encased in plasticine; in it was embedded an explosive cap, of the type used in hand grenades during the war, at the end of a thin wire; the other end of the wire was joined to the battery of a pocket flashlight -- obtainable at any village store -- and thence to the alarm mechanism of an ordinary alarm clock. The whole contratation was packed into a soapbox. Of course my brother did his duty as a journalist.He published the police report, together with the illustrations, on page one. It was not my brother's doing that this issue of the paper had a most spectacular success and that for weeks men were still buying it; no. the credit for that must go to the police; they had done their bit to ensure that the peasantry of Schleswig-Holstein would have a healthy occupation during the long winter evenings. Instead of just sitting and indulging in stupid thoughts, or doing crossword puzzles, or assembling to hear inflamatory speeches, the peasantery was henceforth quetly and busily engaged in procuring soapboxes and alarm clock and flashlight batteries.  And then the bombs really began to go of.... Nobody ever asked me what I was actually doing in Schleswig=Holstein, save perhaps Dr. Hirschfeldt, a high official in the Prussian Ministry of the Interior, who had recently taken to frequenting Salinger's salon. Occasionally, and casually, he would glance at ne with his green eyes an honour me with a question, such as: "And what are the peasants up to in the north?" To which I would usually only reply: "Thank you for your interest. According to the statistics, the standard of living is going up -- in particular, there has been in increased demand for alarm clocks.
Ashly Lorenzana|If we can share our story with someone who responds with empathy and understanding, shame can't survive.
Akiba Ben Joseph|If what is soft wears down the hard, how much the more so shall the words of the Torah, which are as hard as iron, hollow out my heart, which is flesh and blood.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading 3|Some women feel the need to act like they're never scared, needy or hurt; like they're as hardened as a man. I think that's dishonest. It's ok to feel delicate sometimes. Real beauty is in the fragility of your petals. A rose that never wilts isn't a rose at all.
Robin S. Sharma|The more you recover your authentic self, the more your destiny will unfold before your eyes. Just keep doing your inner work - that's the most essential thing.
Liane Moriarty, Truly Madly Guilty|Damn it, woman,” he snapped. “Stop crying. Are you hysterical?” “Maybe.” Her voice was muffled by the pillow and her hands.-Maxim & Airiana
Alejandro Jodorowsky|What I wear on and off stage is my mask. You see, a mask doesn't hide you, it exposes you.
Edgar Ramirez|For me, no ideological or political conviction would justify the sacrifice of a human life. For me, the value of life is absolute, with no concessions. It's not negotiable.
Theodora Goss|Write all the time. I believe in writing every day, at least a thousand words a day. We have a strange idea about writing: that it can be done, and done well, without a great deal of effort. Dancers practice every day, musicians practice every day, even when they are at the peak of their careers – especially then. Somehow, we don’t take writing as seriously. But writing – writing wonderfully – takes just as much dedication.
Viggo Mortensen|On a practical level, poetry isn't something anybody has really made a great living at. I might sell some books and, once in a while, someone might pay to hear me read.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Obsidian|How long have you been standing there?""Just long enough to see you give Daemon the middle finger.""He deserved it.
Diana Gabaldon, "I Give You My Body . . .": How I Write Sex Scenes|You want to anchor the scene with physical details, but by and large it’s better to use sensual details rather than overtly sexual ones.
Victor Hugo, The Hunchback of Notre-Dame|Nell walks what feels like the length of Paris. She walks through the numbered arrondissements, meandering through a food market, gazing at the glossy produce, both familiar and not at the same time, accepting a plum at a stallholder's urging and then buying a small bag in lieu of breakfast and lunch. She sits on a bench by the Seine, watching the tourist boats go by, and eats three of the plums, thinking of how it felt to hold the tiller, to gaze onto the moonlit waters. She tucks the bag under her arm as if she does this all the time and takes the Metro to a brocante recommended in one of her guidebooks, allowing herself an hour to float among the stalls, picking up little objects that someone once loved, mentally calculating the English prices, and putting them down again. And as she walks, in a city of strangers, her nostrils filled with the scent of street food, her ears filled with an unfamiliar language, she feels something unexpected wash through her. She feels connected, alive.
Maya Angelou|There are only two things. Truth and lies. Truth is indivisible, hence it cannot recognize itself; anyone who wants to recognize it has to be a lie.
Khaled Ibrahim|Time is your weapon, If you lose it, you will lose the battle.
Jennifer A. Nielsen|You eat with your left hand. That's unacceptable. Can you do it with your right?""Can you do it with your left?
Karen DeCrow|We run into some pretty tough arguments sometimes, but the idea is that at the end of the day, my wife and I realize that we'll always be holding each other's hand. This is a lifelong relationship, and after 12 years she hasn't gotten rid of me yet.
Linda Bender, Animal Wisdom: Learning from the Spiritual Lives of Animals|HOW DO YOU FIND THE RIGHT POSITIONTO LIE DOWN WITH PEOPLEOR EVEN ANIMALS?OFTEN ONE OF THE PARTNERS ISSMOTHERED OR CONTORTED.WHEN DONE PROPERLY, THOUGH,EVERYONE IS HAPPY.
Christopher Bollen, Orient|Are we all, at heart, just Internet trolls?
Richard Rohr, Falling Upward: A Spirituality for the Two Halves of Life|How much more reasonable is it to say with the sage Plato, that the perfect happiness of a state consists in the subjects obeying their prince, the prince obeying the laws, and the laws being equitable and always directed to the good of the public?
Dan Quayle|Most of us still haven't grasped the fact that everything we commit to the digital space - not just our public blogs and broadcast tweets, but every private text message, email, and voicemail is likely to be stored and accessible. Forever.
Benjamin Disraeli, Sybil, or the Two Nations|When the middle classes get passionate about politics, they're arguing about their treats—their tax breaks and their investments. When the poor get passionate about politics, they're fighting for their lives. Politics will always mean more to the poor. Always. That's why we strike and march, and despair when our young say they won't vote. That's why the poor are seen as more vital, more animalistic. No classical music for us—no walking around National Trust properties or buying reclaimed flooring. We don't have nostalgia. We don't do yesterday. We can't bear it. We don't want to be reminded of our past, because it was awful: dying in means, and slums, without literacy, or the vote. Without dignity. It was all so desperate then. That's why the present and the future is for the poor—that's the place in time for us: surviving now, hoping for better later. We live now—for our instant, hot, fast treats, to pep us up: sugar, a cigarette, a new fast song on the radio. You must never, never forget when you talk to someone poor, that it takes ten times the effort to get anywhere from a bad post code. It's a miracle when someone from a bad post code gets anywhere, son. A miracle they do anything at all.
Georgette Heyer, Frederica|When you really love someone, you think about him all the time. No matter where you are or what you're doing, he never completely leaves your thoughts. When you're apart, you want to be with him. When you're together, you're conscious of every move he makes, every word he says, and every breath he takes. Just the sight of him makes your heart rae and your mouth go dry. And when he touches you, the rest of the world disappears.
Jiddu Krishnamurti|My kind of loyalty was loyalty to one's country, not to its institutions or its officeholders. The country is the real thing, the substantial thing, the eternal thing; it is the thing to watch over, and care for, and be loyal to; institutions are extraneous, they are its mere clothing, and clothing can wear out, become ragged, cease to be comfortable, cease to protect the body from winter, disease, and death.
Ignazio Silone|There are two men inside the artist, the poet and the craftsman. One is born a poet. One becomes a craftsman.
Jason Daniel Chaplin|In any case, this was a deep human prejudice. Human beings to find a central command in any organization. States had governments. Corporations had CEOs. Schools had principals. Armies had generals. Human beings tended to believe that without central command, chaos would overwhelm the organization and nothing significant could be accomplished.
Napoleon Bonaparte|Money can come and go, and fame comes and goes. Peace of mind and a relationship with God is far more important, so this is the precedent that we've set in our lives. The bottom line is, we all die, so Jesus is the answer.
Savannah Stuart, Worth the Risk|He might be an alpha wolf but so was she. She didn't take well to orders, even if they were from her mate.
Elizabeth Hardwick, Sleepless Nights|Alas, the heart is not a metaphor, or at least not always a metaphor.
Tim Liwanag, Why Jesus Came To Hell|Perhaps you are experiencing 'hell on earth' right now, but you and I are not hopeless. We are not in a desperate state. You don't have to fear any future hell as well. Jesus has the keys already. He has the power over death and the grave. He is alive forevermore! Look to that. Rest on that always.
Charles Baxter, El festín del amor|What's agitating about solitude is the inner voice telling you that you should be mated to somebody, that solitude is a mistake. The inner voice doesn't care about who you find. It just keeps pestering you, tormenting you--if you happen to be me--with homecoming queens first, then girls next door, and finally anybody who might be pleased to see you now and then at the dinner table and in bed on occasion. You look up from reading the newspaper and realize that no one loves you, and no one burns for you.
Jeff Olson, The Slight Edge: Secret to a Successful Life|People are mostly layers of violence and tenderness wrapped like bulbs, and it is difficult to say what makes them onions or hyacinths.
Donella Meadows|The cognitive skills prized by the American educational establishment and measured by achievement tests are only part of what is required for success in life. Character skills are equally important determinants of wages, education, health and many other significant aspects of flourishing lives.
G.K. Chesterton, Manalive|And one more thing: Sometimes comfort doesn’t matter. When a shoe is freakin’ fabulous, it may be worth a subsequent day of misery. Soak in Epsom salts and take comfort in the fact that you’re better than everyone else.
Charles P. Pierce, Idiot America: How Stupidity Became a Virtue in the Land of the Free|Should a priest reject relativity because it contains no authoritative exposition on the doctrine of the Trinity? Once you realize that the Bible does not purport to be a textbook of science, the old controversy between religion and science vanishes . . . The doctrine of the Trinity is much more abstruse than anything in relativity or quantum mechanics; but, being necessary for salvation, the doctrine is stated in the Bible. If the theory of relativity had also been necessary for salvation, it would have been revealed to Saint Paul or to Moses.
Daniela I. Norris, On Dragonfly Wings: A Skeptic's Journey to Mediumship|Visiting new places and meeting interesting people – even if "What remained after paying the rent for the Tel Aviv flat, which I shared with a roommate, and the tuition at university was close to nothing – it was the experiences that mattered.
Michael J. Fox|My happiness grows in direct proportion to my acceptance, and in inverse proportion to my expectations.
Rainbow Rowell, Landline|It was Christmas Eve. Big snowflakes fluttered slowly through the air like white feathers and made all of the Heavenly Valley smooth and white and quiet and beautiful.Tall fir trees stood up to their knees in snow and their outstretched hands were heaped with it. Those that were bare of leaves wore soft white fur on their scrawny, reaching arms and all the stumps and low bushes had been turned into fat white cupcakes.
Alice McDermott|In grammar school I read 'Act One' by Moss Hart, and being a playwright struck me as the most magical and romantic career anyone could have... But I never did write a play.
Graham Greene, Our Man in Havana|You should dream more, Mr. Wormold. Reality in our century is not something to be faced.
Andrew Solomon, Far from the Tree: Parents, Children, and the Search for Identity|Lack of communication has a way of clipping our wings, which keeps us from flying. When things are left unspoken, we forget that everyone is destined to share the sky together.
Eckhart Tolle, A New Earth: Awakening to Your Life's Purpose|Somebody becomes an enemy if you personalize the unconsciousness that is the ego. Non-reaction is not weakness but strength. Another word for non-reaction is forgiveness. To forgive is to overlook, or rather to look through. You look through the ego to the sanity that is in every human being as his or her essence.
Marina and the Diamonds|When we think of the major threats to our national security, the first to come to mind are nuclear proliferation, rogue states and global terrorism. But another kind of threat lurks beyond our shores, one from nature, not humans - an avian flu pandemic.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Avonlea|People who are different from other people are always called peculiar,' said Anne.
Laurie Matthew, Who Dares Wins|Political prisoners describe:- extreme physical and emotional torture- distortion of language, truth, meaning and reality- sham killings- begin repeatedly taken to the point of death or threatened with death- being forced to witness abusive acts on others- being forced to make impossible "choices"- boundaries smashed i.e. by the use of forced nakedness, shame, embarrassment- hoaxes, 'set ups', testing and tricks- being forced to hurt othersRitual abuse survivors often describe much the same things.
Georgia Clark|My relative examined you, observed a few of your normal body cells, compared them with what it had learned from other humans most like you, and said that you had not only a cancer, but a talent for cancer.
Michelle Harrison, One Wish|To do something you're afraid of, especially for the sake of somebody else, is the very definition of courage.
Christina Aguilera|To a shameful extent, the charm of marriage boils down to how unpleasant it is to be alone.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|If you are going to grow in personal effectiveness, you must become an excellent communicator. Achieving your goals and fulfilling your mission calls for communication excellence verbally, vocally and non-verbally. As you grow in this regard, you make forward strides towards significance – the capacity to make contributions that count and matter.
Erica Goros, The Daisy Chain|Money can't buy love, but money can reprove one's care, especially when there is little to give in its efforts to help.
Nalo Hopkinson, The Salt Roads|They are me, these women. They are the ones who taught me to see; I taught me to see. They, we, are the ones healing the Ginen story, fighting to destroy that cancerous trade in shiploads of African bodies that ever demands to be fed more sugar, more rum, more Nubian gold.
James Reston Jr.|He inherited some good instincts from his Quaker forebearers, but by diligent hard work, he overcame them.
Louis de Bernieres|Obviously, my life and my job in 2010 is very different from Peggy's experience in the 1960s. I exist in a world that enjoys more equality between men and women. But I don't take any of that into my performance. I just want to play the character as who she is as an individual - scene to scene.
William F. Nolan, Logan's Run|The seeds of the Little War were planted in a restless summer during the mid-1960s, with sit-ins and student demonstrations as youth tested its strength. By the early 1970s over 75 percent of the people living on Earth were under 21 years of age. The population continued to climb—and with it the youth percentage.In the 1980s the figure was 79.7 percent.In the 1990s, 82.4 percent.In the year 2000—critical mass.
D.E. Navarro|Those who deserve to die, die the death they deserve.
Aaliyah|Fortunately, somewhere between chance and mystery lies imagination, the only thing that protects our freedom, despite the fact that people keep trying to reduce it or kill it off altogether.
William Ralph Inge|The world as it is is the world as God sees it, not as we see it. Our vision is distorted, not so much by the limits of finitude as by sin and ignorance. But the more we raise ourselves in the scale of being, the more will our ideas about God and the world correspond to reality.
Randy Alcorn, Money, Possessions and Eternity|The opportunities for using our financial resources to spread the gospel and strengthen the church all over the world are greater than they've ever been. As God raised up Esther for just such a time as hers, I'm convinced he's raise us up, with all our wealth, to help fulfill the great commission. The question is, what are we doing with that money? Our job is to make sure it gets to his intended recipients.
Henning Hansmann, Education for Special Needs: Principles and Practice in Camphill Schools|The objective of learning is not necessarily to remember. It may even be salutary to forget. It is only when we forget the early pains and struggles of forming letters that we acquire the capacity for writing. The adult does not remember all the history s/he learned but s/he may hope to have acquired a standard of character and conduct, a sense of affairs and a feeling of change and development in culture. Naturally there is nothing against having a well-stocked mind provided it does not prevent the development of other capacities. But it is still more important to allow knowledge to sink into one in such a way that it becomes fruitful for life; this best done when we feel deeply all we learn. For the life of feeling is less conscious, more dream-like, than intellectual activity and leads to the subconscious life of will where the deep creative capacities of humanity have their being. It is from this sphere that knowledge can emerge again as something deeply significant for life. It is not what we remember exactly, but what we transform which is of real value to our lives. In this transformation the process of forgetting, of allowing subjects to sink into the unconscious before "re-membering" them is an important element.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Our cultural lens is so much a part of us that we are not even aware of how obvious it is to others. Like the nose on your face, you may forget that it is there, but everyone else sees it. I can’t look at you and not see your nose.
Virginia Alison|I want your scent to intoxicate my passions to the point where lust is merely a word, dancing upon our flames of desire...
Kamand Kojouri|Always ask yourself: "What will happen if I say nothing?
Bien Sufficient|The person you think is useless and a nobody today, might be the very person you will need tomorrow. Never look down on anyone.
Daphne Oz|I was a vegetarian first. I had high blood pressure at 27, everybody in my family died of cancer, and I knew it was in the food, so I changed my diet.
John Dingell|Leadership is getting someone to do what they don't want to do, to achieve what they want to achieve.
William Hardy McNeill, Europe's Steppe Frontier, 1500-1800 a Study of the Eastward Movement in Europe|Today every city, town, or village is affected by it. We have entered the Neon Civilization and become a plastic world.. It goes deeper than its visual manifestations, it affects moral matters; we are engaged, as astrophysicists would say, on a decaying orbit.
Nenia Campbell, Terrorscape|It's why I get miffed at all the dashing around in recent zombie films. It completely misses the point; transforms the threat to a straightforward physical danger from the zombies themselves, rather than our own inability to avoid them and these films are about us, not them. There's far more meat on the bones of the latter, far more juicy interpretation to get our teeth into. The first zombie is by comparison thin and one dimensional and ironically, it is down to all the exercise.
Shey Stahl, Waiting for You|To become a man is to carry out your word because you gave your word. And your word is you as a man." - The Legacy Letters, by Carew Papritz
Richard Burr|The world does not need tourists who ride by in a bus clucking their tongues. The world as it is needs those who will love it enough to change it, with what they have, where they are.
Gift Gugu Mona|The favour of God, forfeits the failure of men.
Debasish Mridha|If we could see the beauty and miracle of transformation that happens to us every second, we would never complain again.
Georges Perec, Life A User's Manual|From this, one can make a deduction which is quite certainly the ultimate truth of jigsaw puzzles: despite appearances, puzzling is not a solitary game: every move the puzzler makes, the puzzlemaker has made before; every piece the puzzler picks up, and picks up again, and studies and strokes, every combination he tries, and tries a second time, every blunder and every insight, each hope and each discouragement have all been designed, calculated, and decided by the other.
Totok R. Biyanto|When you turn the construction of your life over to God, He'll build something beautiful.
Walter de la Mare, The Return|Fancies were all very well for a change, but must be only occasional guests in a world devoted to reality.
Christopher Pike, Sati|You’re in love with your image of Linda. Mr. Green is in love with his image of Jesus. Both of your images have little to do with reality. Both of you are making yourselves miserable.’'That’s not fair, comparing me to him. You don’t see me hammering nails in people.’'You prefer to hammer them through your own hands.
Katie McGarry, Pushing the Limits|After a moment, he added more seriously: 'I don't get as angry as m'father used to about things. Or maybe I', just better at hiding m'feelings.''I fear I'm not very good at hiding my feelings.'He covered my hand with his own. 'That's what I like about you. I liked it from the first. You're so different from the others.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|Try any goddam thing you like, no matter how boringly normal or outrageous. If it works, fine. If it doesn't, toss it. Toss it even if you love it.
John Wesley|Holy solitaries' is a phrase no more consistent with the Gospel than holy adulterers. The Gospel of Christ knows no religion but social; no holiness, but social holiness.
Pittacus Lore, I Am Number Four|There is a crucifix, a few cloves of garlic, a wooden stake, a hammer, a blob of Silly Putty, and a pocketknife. “You do realize these people aren’t vampires, right?” I say when Sam walks back in. “Yeah, but you never know. They’re probably crazy, like you said.” “And even if we were hunting vampires, what the hell is the Silly Putty for?” He shrugs. “Just want to be prepared.
Sarah Manguso, Ongoingness: The End of a Diary|A question asked in earnest, deserves an earnest answer.
Rebecca Solnit, A Field Guide to Getting Lost|Fear of making mistakes can itself become a huge mistake, one that prevents you from living, for life is risky and anything less is already loss.
Melissa de la Cruz, Alex and Eliza|Eliza had never seen Alex quite so happy and relaxed. She shook her head and laughed at the incongruity of it all: Imagine General Washington's famous aide-de-camp taking the time to stop and admire the birds."One day, Alex, when you tire of being a soldier, we will spend all of our days just like this, watching birds and taking in the sun, surrounded by children of our own. You'd like that, wouldn't you, my love?""Eliza, you and the Pastures have already taken a perfectly fine soldier and turned him into a lovesick pup. And at this moment, on this very day, there's nothing and nowhere I'd rather be.
Clarice Lispector, The Hour of the Star|I ask myself: is every story that has ever been written in this world, a story of suffering and affliction?
Kahlil Gibran, Sand and Foam|Be aware, as long as you live, of judging people by appearance
Sherwood Anderson, Winesburg, Ohio|Disappointment to a noble soul is what cold water is to burning metal; it strengthens, tempers, intensifies, but never destroys it.
Erich Fromm, The Art of Loving|The child starts out by being attached to his mother as "the ground of all being." He feels helpless and needs the all-enveloping love of mother. He then turns to father as the new center of his affections, father being a guiding principle for thought and action; in this stage he is motivated by the need to acquire father's praise, and to avoid his displeasure. In the stage of full maturity he has freed himself from the person of mother and of father as protecting and commanding powers; he has established the motherly and fatherly principles in himself. He has become his own father and mother; he is father and mother. In the history of the human race we see—and can anticipate—the same development: from the beginning of the love for God as the helpless attachment to a mother Goddess, through the obedient attachment to a fatherly God, to a mature stage where God ceases to be an outside power, where man has incorporated the principles of love and justice into himself, where he has become one with God, and eventually, to a point where he speaks of God only in a poetic, symbolic sense.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Hobbit|The stars are far brighterThan gems without measure,The moon is far whiterThan silver in treasure;The fire is more shiningOn hearth in the gloamingThan gold won by mining,So why go a-roaming?
Zen Cho, Spirits Abroad|I thought: if I die, I hope I get reincarnated into a mosquito so I can bite that fucker kau-kau.
E.B. White|At the end of the day it’s not ‘what looks good’ that matters, it’s ‘what feels’ good.
Whitney Otto, Eight Girls Taking Pictures|Later, Jenny would say she seldom knew what she would take a picture of when she picked up a camera, that she only knew once she peered through the viewfinder, as if the photograph had finally found her.
Rachel Caine, Bite Club|Methinks I lied all winter, when I sworeMy love was infinite, if spring makes it more.
Haruki Murakami, Colorless Tsukuru Tazaki and His Years of Pilgrimage|Success is never about money, it's always about talent.
Alex Weinle, The Decapaphiliac: Or Love in the Time of Cappuccinos|Terrible times breed terrible things, my lord.
Augusten Burroughs, Running with Scissors|But a mother-son relationship is not a coequal one, is it? He is lonely with only you just as you are lonely with only him.
Jeff Benedict, The System: The Glory and Scandal of Big-Time College Football|No matter how long the preparation, you will never feel ready to write an exam, to start a business, to be parent or even to die. Just go for it.
Upton Sinclair, The Jungle|Reform or no reform, he never ceased to promote the interests of St. Denis and the Royal House of France with the same naive, and in his case not entirely unjustified, conviction of their identity with those of the nation and with the Will of God as a modern oil or steel magnate may promote legislation favorable to his company and to his bank as something beneficial to the welfare of this country and to the progress of mankind.
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|I'm not afraid to die. What I'm afraid of is having reality get the better of me, of having reality leave me behind.
Sheila M. Reindl, Sensing the Self: Women's Recovery from Bulimia|A bulimic person's shame may lead her to try to hide not only her eating-disorder behaviors but also her basic needs and yearnings. She may wish that her needs and desires did not exist and may try to act as if she does not need or want anything or anyone. When that attempt inevitably fails, she may wish that others could magically read her mind and respond to her needs and wants without her having to ask for anything. To avoid the shame of expressing her needs and desires, she turns to food, rather than relationships, for comfort".
Vincent Van Gogh|I'm a serious Christian. I take my faith seriously. I try to practice it every day of the week, not just on Sunday.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|Enjoy the RIDE NOW. You'll be SUCCESSFUL later, however YOU define SUCCESS.
Adam Hammond|Is this life?'Alice wondered, not doubting that the question was original and all her own. 'Is it life to spend your time imagining things that aren't so, and never will be? Beautiful things happen to other people; why should I be the only one they never can happen to?
Alexander Jablokov, Carve the Sky|His action of joining them, which would have been rude in a restaurant that was not moving at three hundred kilometers an hour, was perfectly acceptable on a train, which mimicked the entirely random joinings of life but revealed their true nature by making them last only hours or days, rather than years and decades. People on a train form an alliance, as if the world that surrounded the parallel rails were hostile and and they refugees from it. The dining car, humming and rocking gently in the night, annihilated past and future and made all associations outside of itself seem vaguely unreal. So they welcomed him at their table, for he was one of them, a traveler, not one of those wraiths through whose night-lit cities they passed.
Albert Camus|Moreover, most people, assuming they had not altogether abandoned religious observances, or did not combine them naively with a thoroughly immoral way of living, had replaced normal religious practice by more or less extravagant superstitions.
John Patrick Hickey, Oops! Did I Really Post That|Trustworthiness is a mark of a success-minded person. To be seen as trustworthy is a great compliment. When people trust you, they expect that you will honor their trust.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Don't give up.I know you've made a thousand attempts to reach your goal, but look at it this way: after repeatedly banging your head against the wall, you ought to be numb enough break through this time.
Ashis Nandy, The Intimate Enemy: Loss and Recovery of Self Under Colonialism|In fact, the anti-Muslim stance of much of Hindu nationalism can be construed as partly a displaced hostility against the colonial power which could not be expressed directly because of the new legitimacy created within Hinduism for this power. Such a dynamic would seem to roughly duplicate the displacement of Oedipal hostilities in the authoritarian personality.
Jo Linsdell|And you realize that there’s no such thing as an individual, we’re just all a collection of each other’s influence on each other. Everyone says things to each other, the television, your parents, your friends, that’s all we are, is a collection of intermingling ideas as a collective.
Daniel Boulud|Great dancers are not great because of their technique, they are great because of their passion.
Christopher Moore|You are almost not free, if you are teaching a group of graduate students, to become friends with one of them. I don't mean anything erotically charged, just a friendship.
Wendy Wunder, The Probability of Miracles|In the moment I faced dying, I finally knew my reason for living.
J.M. Darhower, Ghosted|The Western church needs to regain its confidence in the role of outsiders, relocators who come in humility and grace to learn first and then to offer a different perspective.
Patrice O’Neal|Some boys feel they are like girls,They are gentle, and like their hair in curls.
Elizabeth Winder, Pain, Parties, Work: Sylvia Plath in New York, Summer 1953|Hell of a sight. She let out a scream and just fell to pieces. Can't say I blame her. Like I said, this sort of thing is not for the female temperament." He directed that last sentiment at me, making eye contact for the first time."I dare say you're right, sir," I conceded, meeting his gaze. "Out of curiosity, though, is there someone whose temperament you do find suited to this sort of thing? I think I would be most unnerved to meet a man who found it pleasant.
Laura Kelly, Dispatches from the Republic of Otherness|[T]he success of democracy depends, in the end, on the reliability of the judgments we citizens make, and hence upon our capacity and determination to weigh arguments and evidence rationally.
C. JoyBell C.|Again, I am surprised why people seek to eliminate lust and cling to love; as they wish to ignore happiness and cleave unto joy! Now, now, let's not sugar-coat things! Lust has a lot more to do with life and what is the good of life if you do not carry much lust inside of you at all times? And joy is a noble thing, but happiness though fleeting can be found every day and in every small little way!
Brian Tracy|Develop an attitude of gratitude, and give thanks for everything that happens to you, knowing that every step forward is a step toward achieving something bigger and better than your current situation.
Paul E. Miller, A Praying Life: Connecting with God in a Distracting World|Sometimes when we say "God is silent," what's really going on is that he hasn't told the story the way we wanted it told. He will be silent when we want him to fill in the blanks of the story we are creating. But with his own stories, the ones we live in, he is seldom silent.
George Bernard Shaw|Chapter one is where you reach out your hand to the reader and say, "Come, let's have an adventure together.
Melita Tessy, Battle of the Spheres: Crust, Mantle and Core|Stop treating your feelings like they are worth so little. I'm your heart, you idiot. Stop treating me like I'm worth so little. Choose me over your brain for once... Please...
Michael Bassey Johnson|My friend is my friend, even if he wears rag, even if he wasn't born with a silver spoon, even if nobody wants to be his friend, i will hurt his critics by remaining his friend.
Naomi Shihab Nye, Red Suitcase|No one lives in these regionsof rock and sun. It is a lucky part of the world; to grow old without buildings and roadways, to dissolve quietly without feeling stunned.
Sandra Newman, How Not to Write a Novel: 200 Classic Mistakes and How to Avoid Them—A Misstep-by-Misstep Guide|Giving a reader a sex scene that is only half right is like giving her half a kitten. It is not half as cute as a whole kitten; it is a bloody, godawful mess. A half-good sex scene is not half as hot; it actually moves into the negative numbers, draining any heat from the surrounding material.
Sarojini Naidu|We want deeper sincerity of motive, a greater courage in speech and earnestness in action.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading|There is no such thing as luck. Only chance. The chance that something good might happen. The chance that something bad might happen. It is our decision to choose how we will react, respond & resurrect from each life encounter! Every situation is but the Universe offering opportunities that have the power to push each to his/her fullest potential. All things happen for a reason.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Children respect discipline. They want to be guided. It gives them a sense of belonging, a sense of security.
Eric Hobsbawm, How to Change the World: Marx and Marxism 1840-2011|In the old days, farmers would keep a little of their home-made opium for their families, to be used during illnesses, or at harvests and weddings; the rest they would sell to the local nobility, or to pykari merchants from Patna. Back then, a few clumps of poppy were enough to provide for a household's needs, leaving a little over, to be sold: no one was inclined to plant more because of all the work it took to grow poppies - fifteen ploughings of the land and every remaining clod to be built; purchases of manure and constant watering; and after all that, the frenzy of the harvest, each bulb having to be individually nicked, drained and scrapped. Such punishment was bearable when you had a patch or two of poppies - but what sane person would want to multiply these labours when there were better, more useful crops to grow, like wheat, dal, vegetables? But those toothsome winter crops were steadily shrinking in acreage: now the factory's appetite for opium seemed never to be seated. Come the cold weather, the English sahibs would allow little else to be planted; their agents would go from home to home, forcing cash advances on the farmers, making them sign /asámi/ contracts. It was impossible to say no to them: if you refused they would leave their silver hidden in your house, or throw it through a window. It was no use telling the white magistrate that you hadn't accepted the money and your thumbprint was forged: he earned commissions on the oppium adn would never let you off. And, at the end of it, your earnings would come to no more than three-and-a-half sicca rupees, just about enough to pay off your advance.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Everyday life, everyday miracle.
Gideon Haigh|George Orwell famously described international sport as 'war minus the shooting'. But for all Orwell's greatness as a thinker, this was one of his least felicitous lines, analogous to 'murder minus the death' or 'life minus the breathing'.
Will Schwalbe, The End of Your Life Book Club|Since science is essentially objective, involving the study of how things actually are, "materialism" would therefore seem to be its antithesis, since its starting point is the desire to impose upon the natural world a particular and limited way of looking at it.
Friedrich Nietzsche|Thus I spoke, more and more softly; for I was afraid of my own thoughts and the thoughts behind my thoughts.
Vivian Amis, I Am: The Key to Manifesting|The Prayer that is answered is not of many words, but of Oneness.
Sōseki Natsume, And Then|This story, which takes place one a Sunday in July in a hot, deserted Lisbon, is the Requiem that the character I refer to as “I” was called on to perform in this book. Were someone to ask me why I wrote this story in Portuguese, I would answer simply that a story like this could only be written in Portuguese; it's as simple as that. But there is something else that needs explaining. Strictly speaking, a Requiem should be written in Latin, at least that's what tradition prescribes. Unfortunately, I don't think I'd be up to it in Latin. I realised though that I couldn't write a Requiem in my own language and I that I required a different language, one that was for me A PLACE OF AFFECTION AND REFLECTION.
Michael Denton, Evolution: A Theory In Crisis|To grasp the reality of life as it has been revealed by molecular biology, we must magnify a cell a thousand million times until it is twenty kilometers in diameter and resembles a giant airship large enough to cover a great city like London or New York. What we would then see would be an object of unparalleled complexity and adaptive design. On the surface of the cell we would see millions of openings, like the port holes of a vast space ship, opening and closing to allow a continual stream of materials to flow in and out. If we were to enter one of these openings we would find ourselves in a world of supreme technology and bewildering complexity.
Zan Marie Steadham|An idea for a story can be anything. The sky is not the limit, the limit is beyond it.
Deborah Blake, Wickedly Ever After|Barbara felt lightheaded, almost dizzy with what she was about to say. But she said it anyway. "As you wish, Your Majesty. In that case, I am afraid I must resign my position as Baba Yaga. If I am forced to choose between the work I was destined to do and the man I was destined to love, I choose the man.
Timothy J. Keller|Ought we not to look upon our own history as being at least as full of God, as full of His goodness and of His truth, as much a proof of His faithfulness and veracity, as the lives of any of the saints who have gone before? We do our Lord an injustice when we suppose that He wrought all His mighty acts, and showed Himself strong for those in the early time, but doth not perform wonders or lay bare His arm for the saints who are now upon the earth.
Peter S. Fogg|Expectation is an anchor, a heavy burden every man is to first carry and then overcome if he is to ever reach the shorelines of his dreams.
David   Silverman|Every single Biblical doctrine of theology, directly or indirectly, ultimately has its basis in the book of Genesis.
Emma Winters, Equal Parts|Because you made me feel, Flick. Everyone is so predictable, but you? You showed up and rocked my world.
Brené Brown, Daring Greatly: How the Courage to Be Vulnerable Transforms the Way We Live, Love, Parent, and Lead|Emma, okay, enough with the singing. Mommy's getting a three-pill headache.
Fiston Mwanza Mujila, Tram 83|Yet torture is above all an art, an artistic discipline just like literature , cinema, or contemporary dance. All detained in the City-State ghettos bitterly missed the torturers of yesteryears, those monsters who worked with the precision of a Swiss watch-maker.
Mensah Oteh|You were born for a purpose and a special reason.Your purpose identifies your passion, your potential, the source of your fulfilment in life, and ultimately your success
R. Alan Woods|‎"The more we spend our time 'practicing the presence' of Jesus, the more we become like Him"~ R. Alan Woods
Robert A. Heinlein, Starship Troopers|Owning Languages, Owning identities.
Pablo Neruda|Love.Because of you, in gardens of blossomingFlowers I ache from the perfumes of spring.I have forgotten your face, I no longerRemember your hands; how did your lipsFeel on mine?Because of you, I love the white statuesDrowsing in the parks, the white statues thatHave neither voice nor sight.I have forgotten your voice, your happy voice;I have forgotten your eyes.Like a flower to its perfume, I am bound toMy vague memory of you. I live with painThat is like a wound; if you touch me, you willMake to me an irreperable harm.Your caresses enfold me, like climbingVines on melancholy walls.I have forgotten your love, yet I seem toGlimpse you in every window.Because of you, the heady perfumes ofSummer pain me; because of you, I againSeek out the signs that precipitate desires:Shooting stars, falling objects.
S.O'Sade|This was life on the surface of the sea. A calm, placid exterior that could soothe you into submission or swell up and kill you with no notice; beneath it always a dangerous world of life and death.
Robert M. Sapolsky, Why Zebras Don't Get Ulcers|On an incredibly simplistic level, you can think of depression as occurring when your cortex thinks an abstract thought and manages to convince the rest of the brain that this is as real as a physical stressor.
J.D Scrubs|By loving you more, you love the person you are caring for more. 
Irum Zahra, Psychaotic: See The World In Red And Black|LatelyI’ve been dreaming about youAbout usSharing our secretsTalking, even if we arguedKept talking, till we sleptMaybe I woke upOn the wrong side of bedMaybe I thought about youJust a little too much
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Until you learn how to confidently say NO to so many things, you shall always say YES to so many things. The real summary of a regretful life is a life that failed to balance YES and NO. Yes! A life that failed to recognize when to courageously say NO and when to confidently say YES!
Russell D. Moore|Jesus, Willard says, “does not call us to do what he did, but to be as he was, permeated with love. Then the doing of what he did and said becomes the natural expression of who we are in him.
Chelsey Philpot, Even in Paradise|Before that night, I didn't grasp that the shadows that sometimes crossed her face weren't momentary clouds passing in front of the sun. Her deep silences were more than daydreams. And her habit of standing with her arms wrapped around her ribs was a way of holding herself together.I didn't get there must be balance.She couldn't hold so much life, light and joy without also containing their opposites.
Samuel Alexander|That future depends on the values of self-government, our sense of duty, loyalty, self-confidence and regard for the common good. We are a diverse country, and getting more diverse. And these virtues are what keep this great country together.
Jessica Abel|Even though I was manically overachieving and involved in everything, I still never felt like I belonged. That's definitely affected my whole life and why I wanted to become an actor and tell people stories, because communication and feeling like you belong is such an integral part of our social fabric.
Jean Baudrillard, America|Everyone likes to reminisce, but not one wants to listen, and everyone feels annoyed when someone else tells a story.
H.J. Gerald, Blame It on My Youth: Stories by students on the art of being young|When I was young and I was forced to watch Disney films, I would fast forward the good guys, wasn't interested in princes and princesses, only by the villains.
C. JoyBell C.|I don't look for love. Love looks for me." "Why?" "Because it needs me. Because I'm not afraid of it.
Holly Black, Red Glove|I never fell. I don't care what they say. I'm still doing my job, as I see it.
Cherie Priest, Maplecroft|Had Moreau had any intelligible object, I could have sympathized at least a little with him. I am not so squeamish about pain as that. I could have forgiven him a little even, had his motive been only hate. But he was so irresponsible, so utterly careless! His curiosity, his mad, aimless investigations, drove him on; and the Things were thrown out to live a year or so, to struggle and blunder and suffer, and at last to die painfully.
Erich Fromm, The Sane Society|Protect me from knowing what I don't need to know. Protect me from even knowing that there are things to know that I don't know. Protect me from knowing that I decided not to know about the things that I decided not to know about. Amen.Lord, lord, lord. Protect me from the consequences of the above prayer.
John Maynard Keynes|In fact, being a unique individual is as much of a farce as trying to be like everyone else. Maybe more.
RJ Blizzard|The courage to live in the present, between time and timelessness. No matter the circumstance, it is where life is found.
Brian W. Aldiss, Hothouse|The misfortune of a young man who returns to his native land after years away is that he finds his native land foreign; whereas the lands he left behind remain for ever like a mirage in his mind.However, misfortune can itself sow seeds of creativity.---- Afterword to "Hothouse" Brian Aldiss
Drake Milligan|I don't go back home to Sardinia as much as I would like, just for Christmas and family events.
Arash Pakravesh, The Letter|On the protocol, I don't know what to do... ain't good with talking to new girls... I even don't have a girl friend and the most shitty thing I am little afraid of nothing getting too much into it... knowing somebody and he starting to ignore you...
Jonathan Nolan, Memento mori|Here's the truth: People, even regular people, are never just any one person with one set of attributes. It's not that simple. We're all at the mercy of the limbic system, clouds of electricity drifting through the brain. Every man is broken into twenty-four-hour fractions, and then again within those twenty-four hours. It's a daily pantomime, one man yielding control to the next: a backstage crowded with old hacks clamoring for their turn in the spotlight. Every week, every day. The angry man hands the baton over to the sulking man, and in turn to the sex addict, the introvert, the conversationalist. Every man is a mob, a chain gang of idiots.
Banana Yoshimoto, NP|Everything that had happened was shockingly beautiful, enough to make you crazy.
Tiffany Madison|No man owns me. All man can do is practice the timeless, criminal art of threatening to separate my soul from her physical host.
Debasish Mridha|Life is not about success; life is about joy, peace, and happiness.
Greg  Curtis|Some places will, however, be left behind. Not every city will succeed, because not every city has been adept at adapting to the age of information, in which ideas are the ultimate creator of wealth.
Rosecrans Baldwin|It's so warm now, and Thanksgiving came so early - is it just me, or does it not really feel like Ramadan?
Hugh Jackman|The people of Hong Kong are criticized for only being interested in business, but it's the only thing they've been allowed to do.
John Irving|There is a lie that acts like a virus within the mind of humanity. And that lie is, ‘There’s not enough good to go around. There’s lack and there’s limitation and there’s just not enough.’The truth is that there’s more than enough good to go around. There is more than enough creative ideas. There is more than enough power. There is more than enough love. There’s more than enough joy. All of this begins to come through a mind that is aware of its own infinite nature.There is enough for everyone. If you believe it, if you can see it, if you act from it, it will show up for you. That's the truth.
Evander Holyfield|Gambling is legal and betting is legal, for what I bet.
Dara Ó Briain|Before the counter-culture revolutionary Li Lian was executed in 1971 for criticising the Cultural Revolution, pour policemen pushed her face against the window of a truck, lifted her shirt and cut out her kidneys with a surgical knife,’ Mau Sen said, his face stony and white. ‘I think that removing the organs of convicts while they are still alive is too much. It completely contravenes medical ethics.’ ‘This is a dissection class, not a political meeting,’ Sun Chunlin said.
Jane Taylor Starwood, Shattered Blue|She strove for poised composure, despite feeling like a powerless pawn in a despicable game of human chess, played for the amusement of those who enjoyed tragic endings at the expense of someone else’s happiness—no—their very existence.
Deyth Banger|The doorbell rings and I sink into a heap on the carpet. With any luck, whoever is down there will just go away. But I’m just starting to think nothing goes away, no matter how deep you try to bury it.
Mary Jane Hathaway, Persuasion, Captain Wentworth and Cracklin' Cornbread|Because you're a girl and when a girl says she's fine, she's lying.
Cathleen Falsani, Sin Boldly: A Field Guide for Grace|I've heard it said that grace is God reaching God's hands into the world. And the Bible tells us that we are part of the body of Christ, that if we let the Spirit move through us, we can become the hands of Christ on earth. Hands that heal, bless, unite, and love. I'd like to think God's hands are a bit like Grace's man hands—gentle but big, busy, and tough. God's hands are those of a creator—an artist who molded and shaped the universe out of a void, who hewed matter from nothingness.
John Donne, John Donne - The Major Works: Including Songs and Sonnets and Sermons|I contemplate the impossible and achieve madness. This is my blessing. This is my curse. My heaven, my hell.
Brandon Sanderson|Before the Wright brothers flew, flying was fantasy. Before the civil rights movement, people getting along together and the races being equal was a fantasy. Things change because we imagine a different world, a world that is not. And I think that imagination is one of the most important and defining aspects of human existence: our ability to imagine a world that is not.
Deepak Chopra, The Path to Love: Spiritual Strategies for Healing|The energies that make us act out of anger,fear,insecurity and doubt are extremely familiar. They are like an old,dark house we return to whenever things get too hard to handle.It feels risky to leave this house and see what's outside,yet we have to leave if we expect to be loved.So we take the risk.We walk out into the light and offer ourselves to the beloved.This feels wonderful;it's like nothing we have imagined in our old,dark house.But when things get tough,we run back inside,we choose familiarity to fear and lovelessness over the vulnerability of love, until finally we feel safe enough to go back and try love again.This is essentially the rhythm of every intimate relationship-risk and retreat. Over and over we repeat this rhythm,accepting love and pushing it away until finally something miraculous happiness. The old,dark house isn't necessary anymore.We look around, and we have a new house, a house of light. Where did it come from?How did we build it? It was built from the love of the heart.It has silently been weaving our higher and lower natures,blending fear,anger,survival and protection into the energies of devotion,trust,compassion and acceptance.
Cecelia Ahern, The Book of Tomorrow|Our minds do unusual things sometimes, Tamara. When we’re looking for things it takes it upon itself to go down its own route. All we can do is follow
Joan Didion|There are a lot of historical lofts in Houston, and it's amazing for me that a lot of them were built in the 1920s. I love the exposed bricks and the very industrial stuff.
Samuel Johnson|I was brought up in a family which valued natural history. Both my parents knew the names of all the British wildflowers, so as we went walking the country, I was constantly being exposed to a natural history sort of knowledge.
A. Ashley Straker, Infected Connection|Every scrape, site, range and page; every game, download, hack, song, movie and virrie on the Web. Everything on your phone. Everything on your 'puta. Even the content directories of your cupboards. Almost every system has been brute-forced; passwords cracked, firewalls breached. Nothing has been left untouched.
Ray Bradbury, The Martian Chronicles|Fantasy is totally wide open; all you really have to do is follow the rules you've set. But if you're writing about science, you have to first learn what you're writing about.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|You are not walking slow enough, when taking a walk, if you do not come across as bored or depressed (to the average sane person).
Darren Main, The River of Wisdom: Reflections on Yoga, Meditation, and Mindful Living|Standing at the end of a diving board looking at the water never made the water warmer, but it will make taking the plunge unnecessarily hard.
Max Eastman|Lesbian humor isn't trying to sell anything, it doesn't have to sell out. Coming out as a lesbian onstage is still a very political act; if it weren't, more women would do it.
Jean Baudrillard, Simulacra and Simulation|All the wild beasts have been extinct for years, but it's perfectly possible to synthesize them autobiogenically. On the other hand, why be bound to what was once produced by natural evolution? The spokesman for surrealist zoology was most eloquent - we should populate our preserves with bold, original conceptions, not slavish imitations, we should forge the New, not plagiarize the Old.
Grace Helbig|Oh, my dating skills are the worst. No, I pick the wrong men; it's amazing. I am awful, the worst dater.
Robin Sloan, Mr. Penumbra's 24-Hour Bookstore|He's like a storybook spirit, a little djinn or something, except instead of air or water his element is imagination.
Richard Buckminster 'Bucky' Fuller|It is not. The aspiring leader has been set up to fail. He just doesn't recognize it yet. The first few months go well, but reality soon sets in. It is not easy for one person to create change in a large corporation. After one year, the leader feels though he is trying to make innovation happen inside an organization that is, in every way, determined to fight his every move.
Osip Mandelstam|I knew you didn't love me, but I dangerously adored you anyways.
Rachel Caine, Ghost Town|He started to touch the mechanism under the keyboard, then pulled his hand back with a snap."Ah," he said. "Must deactivate the security....Turn around, please.""What?""Turn around, Claire. It's a secure password!""You have GOT to be kidding.""Why ever would I joke about that? Please turn.
Alain de Botton|Within you, you will find everything you need to be complete.
Booth Tarkington, The Magnificent Ambersons|Like so many women for whom money has always been provided without their understanding how, she was prepared to be a thorough and irresponsible plunger.
Charlie Kaufman|There really is only one ending to any story. Human life ends in death. Until then, it keeps going and gets complicated and there's loss. Everything involves loss; every relationship ends in one way or another.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, Warning to the West|For me and my friends, for people who think the way I do over there, for all ordinary Soviet citizens, America evokes a mixture of admiration and compassion...You're a country of the future, a young country, with yet untapped possiblities, enormous territory, great breadth of spirit, generosity, magnanimity. But these qualities—strength, generosity, and magnanimity—are usually combined in a man and even in a whole country with trustfulness. And this has already done you a disservice several times.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making|Why do you need that thing?" September asked. "None of the airports back home have them.""They do. You just can't see them right," Betsy Basilstalk said with a grin. "All customs agents have them, otherwise, why would people agree to stand in line and be peered at and inspected? We all live inside the terrible engine of authority, and it grinds and shrieks and burns so that no one will say, lines on maps are silly. Where you live, the awful machinery is smaller, harder to see. Less honest, that's all. Whereas Rupert here? He's as honest as they come. Does what it says on the box.
Steve Goodier|We are stronger than we think. We have emotional, spiritual and even physical resources at our disposal. We may get knocked down, but we don’t have to stay down.
Michael Moss|I am very much about promoting Lima because I think Peru and the mountains and the Incas, everybody is aware of those, but Lima is something that people should discover - especially our food.
Tamara Hughes, Tempting the Pirate|Eyuran,” I addressed his Node. “What was in this one?”He came closer and studied the huge case, which was easily twice the height of an adult Danna and had body slots for some kind of gear.“I don’t know for sure. I haven't seen this before. It resembles a gearbot sarx, but those are usually larger. Must be a new, compact model.” Observing the empty sarx, a wave of bad feelings came over me.“I also saw some of the weapon crates with broken locks.”“If someone is operating a gearbot, a bunch of guns will be the least of our worries. A hull repairer can’t even begin to compete with the power of an assault exomachine.” He looked around and frowned. “By the way, the whole hull repairer rack is empty. Counting the one you took out, we should have seven more roaming somewhere on the ship.
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|I know that the whole point—the only point—is tofind the things that matter, and hold on to them, and fight for them, and refuse tolet them go.
Stephanie Witter, Patch Up|The imagination is closer to the actor than real life-more agreeable, more comfortable.
Agatha Christie, Murder on the Orient Express|But I know human nature, my friend, and I tell you that, suddenly confronted with the possibility of being tried for murder, the most innocent person will lose his head and do the most absurd things.
Linda Przybyszewski, The Lost Art of Dress: The Women Who Once Made America Stylish|Mortals trotted about in shoes and corsets made to limit movement, fashion for prey.
Catherine the Great|The more a man knows, the more he forgives.
Celso Cukierkorn, Secrets of Jewish Wealth Revealed!|As we understand it, everything is in the Bible for one reason – to teach us a lesson. Thus, in the beginning of the Bible, we see how God budgets His time for labor, and He saves the seventh day for rest, or retirement. The concept of budgeting was created by God to give us a life of prosperity in the world He created for us, so we should learn to budget as a way to emulate God in our financial life.
Daniel  Patterson, One Chance|Dear Lord," she prayed, "please help me to handle all the work You've set before me. I can only do this with You at my side. Amen.
Frederik Pohl, The Midas Plague|It was madness to leave without your useless shit. You came in with it, you left with it--that was how it worked. What would you use to clutter a new office with if not your useless shit? We could remember Old Brizz with this box of useless shit, shifting the box from arm to arm as he talked with the building guy. Of course, Old Brizz never had an office again. His useless shit really was useless. He had cause to leave his useless shit behind. But his was a rare case. All things considered, it was better to take your useless shit with you.
Abbey Lee Kershaw|Pet me, touch me, love me, that's what I get when I perform. That's when I'm really getting what I want.
Ian McEwan, Atonement|Fear,’ he whispered. ‘There is nothing quite like it. I love how it looks, I love how it feels, I love how it smells. And I especially love the sound of it.’ I felt his tongue on my cheek. ‘I even love the taste of it
Rainer Maria Rilke|Whether he acted rightly or not, I have never been sure. It was the future of a child that was at stake. A child, he felt, ought to be given the benefit of a doubt.
WIlliam R. Keates, Proceed with Caution: A Diary of the First Year at One of America's Largest, Most Prestigious Law Firms|Fourth, I paid attention to every detail I could while working on my cases. I found that one of the most ironic facets of the law is that the correct answer to a problem often rests on small legal nuances and factual details. The presence or absence of a particular fact can frequently make or break the case. The senior attorney I worked for, Brad, was extremely adept at assimilating large amounts of information quickly, paying close attention to details, and using his mastery of them to weave brilliant defenses. His ability to identify the most critical of details while constructing solid defenses always impressed me, and I tried to emulate that particular skill.Fifth, I was conscientious about creating good first impressions. As I later learned, lawyers who work with new summer and permanent associates virtually always form quick conclusions about them, and give “hallway evaluations” to other lawyers in the firm. I often heard about or participated in these hallway evaluations, and know that even one negative impression can have a devastating impact. In general, young attorneys who get a reputation for sloppy work – earned or unearned – have a very steep climb up the law firm ladder.Sixth, I was vigilant about meeting deadlines, every time. This meant I had to carefully plan ahead, since partners, colleagues, clients, courts, and other parties often rely on assignments and legal services to be performed by a certain time. With the workload I had, and the interruptions I faced, of course this wasn’t always possible, and in those situations I found the best route wasn’t just to tough it out, but rather let the supervising attorney know as early as possible if I couldn’t meet a deadline.I learned this lesson the hard way. My first assignment as a summer associate was to research whether we could squeeze one of our clients into an exception to a well-settled legal doctrine. The senior attorney who gave me the assignment asked me to research the issue and then get back to him by Friday afternoon. I just didn’t feel comfortable with my research when Friday afternoon came around, and decided to buy some additional time by letting him contact me. He didn’t try to reach me Friday afternoon, so I took advantage of that and submitted the assignment on Monday. The incident later came back to haunt me, though, because in his evaluation of my work for my midsummer review, he mentioned that I didn’t report to him by the established deadline.
Laura Busche, Lean Branding|Research conquers doubt. It aligns everyone around the incontestable. Research is the key to clarity—in startups, enterprises, and life itself.
Mike  Carey|Dragons were a problem sometimes, but they only came on Tuesdays, so you could work around them.
Alan Cohen|If someone thinks you can help or heal them, and you think you can’t, choose their faith over your doubt.
Will Ferguson, Happiness|Human nature, at its best, had always been based on a deep heroic restlessness, on wanting something--something else, something more, whether it be true love or a glimpse just beyond the horizon. It was the promise of happiness, not the attainment of it, that had driven the entire engine, the folly and glory of who we are.
Mark Twain|A successful book is not made of what is in it, but what is left out of it.
Manoj Arora, Happiness Unlimited: How to be happy always|You either bend, or you break. Suppress your ego to stay happy.
Hina Hashmi, Your Life A Practical Guide to Happiness Peace and Fulfilment|After dissolution of fears, your mind and emotions act in harmony to help you to make you a joyous soul. You don’t need to do extra efforts to get what you desire.
Guy Sajer, The Forgotten Soldier|I had often thought that if I managed to live through the war I wouldn't expect too much of life. How could one resent disappointment in love if life itself was continuously in doubt? Since Belgorod, terror had overturned all my preconceptions, and the pace of life had been so intense one no longer knew what elements of ordinary life to abandon in order to maintain some semblance of balance. I was still unresigned to the idea of death, but I had already sworn to myself during moments of intense fear that I would exchange anything - fortune, love, even a limb - if I could simply survive.
Michele Boldrin, Against Intellectual Monopoly|It is certainly true that imitation is everywhere, from sport to business, from dancing to dressing, from driving to singing. In fact, imitation is at the heart of competitive behavior and of almost any kind of social interaction. Like the fixed cost cum marginal cost argument that, as we pointed out earlier, is so powerful an argument that it can be applied to any and every thing, imitation is so widespread that, when taken literally, it is also everywhere. By this token one should see unpriced externalities in every market where producers imitate each other, thereby concluding that all kinds of economic activities should be allowed some form of monopoly power. Restaurants imitate each other, as coffee shops, athletes, real estate agents, car salesmen, and even bricklayers do, but we would certainly find it foolhardy to grant to a firm in each of these businesses monopoly power over one technique or another. This suggests that equating imitation with unpriced externalities leads us into a dark night in which all cows are gray.
Nikki Rowe|Don't dim magic because there are non believers, let it shine out of you and they won't know how to look away.
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|Are you following me?" she asks, but doesn't meet my gaze."Yeah," I say."Why?"I give her the only honest and true answer I have. "You're where I want to be.
Lionel Richie|The secret to modern life is finding the measure in time management. I have two kids, career and I travel, and I don't think my life is any different than most couples. The most valuable commodity now for many people is time and how to parcel that out.
Peter Mendelsund, What We See When We Read|Audition requires different neurological processes than vision, or smell. And I would suggest that we hear more than we see while we are reading.
Charlene Costanzo, The Twelve Gifts of Birth|Use your gifts well and you will discover others, among them a gift that is uniquely you. See these noble gifts in other people. Share the truth and be ready for the miracle to unfold
Leah Price, Unpacking My Library: Writers and Their Books|I was impressed by the scene in Apollo 13 where the astronauts request confirmation of their calculations and several people at Mission Control dive for their slide rules. For several months after that, my standard response to statements like "We must implement multi-processor object-oriented Java-based client-server technologies immediately!" was "You know, FORTRAN and slide rules put men on the moon and got them back safely multiple times."Tended to shut them up, at least for a moment.
Jonathan Franzen, Purity|There's the imperative to keep secrets, and the imperative to have them known. How do you know that you're a person, distinct from other people? By keeping certain things to yourself. You guard them inside you, because, if you don't, there's no distinction between inside and outside. Secrets are the way you know you even have an inside. A radical exhibitionist is a person who has forfeited his identity. But identity in a vacuum is also meaningless. Sooner or later, the inside of you needs a witness. Otherwise you're just a cow, a cat, a stone, a thing in the world, trapped in your thingness. To have an identity, you have to believe that other identities equally exist. You need closeness with other people. And how is closeness built? By sharing secrets. . . . Your identity exists at the intersection of these lines of trust.
Randy S. Woodley|Mother Teresa would seek no other pulpit than the hovels of the poor, and no other sermon than her works of love, performed for the unloved, in God's name.
Jessica Hagy, How to Be Interesting: An Instruction Manual|Your greatest accomplishments, no matter how impressive you think them to be, are some else's worst nightmare. Your most prized possession is another man's disgusting chunk of trash. Be careful what you brag about.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In any situation, listen and follow the first instinct, the sacred inner voice.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|This place was truly the highest and the lowest of all worlds - the most beautiful senses, the most exquisite emotions.. the most malevolent desires, the darkest deeds. Perhaps it was meant to be so. Perhaps without the lows, the highs could not be reached.
Miguel de Cervantes|Yeah, I spent about 20 years in a dorm room. It took me a while to graduate.
Andrea Levy, Small Island|There are some words that once spoken will split the world in two. There would be the life before you breathed them and then the altered life after they'd been said. They take a long time to find, words like that. They make you hesitate. Choose with care. Hold on to them unspoken for as long as you can just so your world will stay intact.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Lodore|Those moral laws on which all human excellence is founded—a love of truth in ourselves, and a sincere sympathy with our fellow-creatures.
C. Terry Warner|Honesty. Sobriety. My virginity. No way to regain  the first two, I almost gave away the last.
Peter S. Beagle, A Fine and Private Place|If you have a room which you do not want certain people to get into, put a lock on it for which they do not have the key. But there is no point in talking to them about it, unless of course you want them to admire the room from outside! The honorable thing to do is put a lock on the door which will be noticed only by those who can open it, not by the rest.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The sun does not rise abruptly, but perseveres until it rules the sky.
Danny Glover|Everybody kind of perceives me as being angry. It's not anger, it's motivation.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making|Stories don't end," he says. "They just turn into new beginnings." (pg. 123)
Lloyd Alexander, Westmark|Forgive me....I called you an idiot. I spoke too hastily. You are not. Had I given it more thought, I would have called you a scoundrel.
Carol Rifka Brunt, Tell the Wolves I'm Home|It's the most unhappy people who want to stay alive, because they think they haven't done everything they want to do. They think they haven't had enough time. They feel they've been shortchanged.
De philosopher DJ Kyos|To loveres our theree...Sometimes we get carried away with the fights we are having. With the mistakes and problems we have in a relationship. That we forget to show each other and tell each other, how much we love each other. We concentrate on the bad things and forget what do we mean to each other and what brought us together. We forget to show appreciation and that we care for one another.
Francis de Sales|The more uncivilized the man, the surer he is that he knows precisely what is right and what is wrong. All human progress, even in morals, has been the work of men who have doubted the current moral values, not of men who have whooped them up and tried to enforce them. The truly civilized man is always skeptical and tolerant, in this field as in all others. His culture is based on - I am not too sure.
Paul Bettany|I was a student at Columbia College, actually, in the Architecture school. Paul would drive in from Queens, showing me these new songs. I can't remember us working it out.
Suheir Hammad|Occupation, curfew, settlements, closed military zone, administrative detention, siege, preventive strike, terrorist infrastructure, transfer. Their WAR destroys language. Speaks genocide with the words of a quiet technician.Occupation means that you cannot trust the OPEN SKY, or any open street near to the gates of snipers tower. It means that you cannot trust the future or have faith that the past will always be there.Occupation means you live out your live under military rule, and the constant threat of death, a quick death from a snipers bullet or a rocket attack from an M16.A crushing, suffocating death, a slow bleeding death in an ambulance stopped for hours at a checkpoint. A dark death, at a torture table in an Israeli prison: just a random arbitrary death.A cold calculated death: from a curable disease. A thousand small deaths while you watch your family dying around you.Occupation means that every day you die, and the world watches in silence. As if your death was nothing, as if you were a stone falling in the earth, water falling over water.And if you face all of this death and indifference and keep your humanity, and your love and your dignity and YOU refuse to surrender to their terror, then you know something of the courage that is Palestine.
T.N. Suarez, The Limbo Tree|Sadly, we can’t live forever. But we can write something that will.
Robert Henri, The Art Spirit: Notes, Articles, Fragments of Letters and Talks to Students, Bearing on the Concept and Technique of Picture Making, the Study of Art|I wonder if only artists can feel peace like this—such a gentle, inconspicuous peace that an ordinary person might not even notice.
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|They slow your brain down," he said, clutching an orange bottle of pills. "They iron out all the wrinkles...Maybe all the bad stuff happens in the wrinkles, but all the good stuff does, too..."They break your brain like a horse, so it takes all your orders. I need a brain that can break away, you know? I need to think. If I can't think, who am I?
Diane Ravitch, The Death and Life of the Great American School System: How Testing and Choice Are Undermining Education|Academia is to knowledge what prostitution is to love; close enough on the surface but, to the nonsucker, not exactly the same thing
Gautama Buddha|Mirror mirror on the wall, show the real me or naught at all.
Lisa Magnum|When I was small I dreamed of demons. I thought they were under my bed, but you said, it can't be so, you don't get demons our side of the river, the guards won't let them over London Bridge.
Meghan Blistinsky|Still am I the richest and most to be envied - I, the lonesomest one!
Confucius|It is in moments of illness that we are compelled to recognize that we live not alone but chained to a creature of a different kingdom, whole worlds apart, who has no knowledge of us and by whom it is impossible to make ourselves understood: our body.
Ayn Rand, We the Living|Well, I always know what I want. And when you know what you want--you go toward it. Sometimes you go very fast, and sometimes only an inch a year. Perhaps you feel happier when you go fast. I don't know. I've forgotten the difference long ago, because it really doesn't matter, so long as you move.
Bob Hope|Dogs laugh, but they laugh with their tails.
Hyman G. Rickover|Exposure and experience is all, what counts.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|You express the truth of your character, your dedication to your goals, and your commitment to your relationships with the choice of your actions.
Lisa Burstein, The Possibility of Us|Okay, on my first night, he tried to chat me up. You know how the story goes. ‘You have the most beautiful eyes, I’m very rich, want to see my bedroom?’ Blah, blah, blah.”“And because you turned him down, he’s more determined than ever,” Will guessed, with amazing accuracy. “You did turn him down, right?”“Of course,” I told him, insulted by the insinuation I would drop my knickers for a glass of wine. “Do you think I’d risk my job for a quick tumble in the sheets with him?
Fred Barnett|Vlad was sexting Elizabeth a picture of his pulă rigiditate, while he told Mina. “I vould like totally hang up on the dude. He’s no Baldwin." — Bats 2015
Alan W. Watts, Nature, Man and Woman|Thought and science are therefore raising problems which their terms of study can never answer, many of which are doubtless problems only for thought. The trisection of an angle is similarly an insoluble problem only for compass and straight-edge construction, and Achilles cannot overtake the tortoise so long as their progress is considered piecemeal, endlessly having the distance between them. However, as it is not Achilles but the method of measurement which fails to catch up with the tortoise, so it is not man but his method of thought which fails to find fulfillment in experience.
Deborah Stone, Policy Paradox: The Art of Political Decision Making|In this snug, over-safe corner of the world… we may realize that our comfortable routine is no eternal necessity of things, but merely a little space of calm in the midst of the tempestuous, untamed and streaming world.
James          Anderson, The Never-Open Desert Diner|Men were often far different in their roles as fathers than they were as suitors, the memories of which kept them, out of necessity, both vigilant and violent, and even in tender moments, to their daughters.
Alexander Freed, Rogue One - A Star Wars Story|Hope?" She eyed Cassian dubiously. "Is that the best the Rebel Intelligence can do?" Cassian might as well have shrugged. "Rebellions are built on hope," he said
Herbert A. Simon|As a kid, I was always into art at the same time as computers, and eventually I realised I was making more interesting stuff with my keyboard than with my hands. I really enjoyed modifying computer games more than playing them, so that got me into programming.
Pankaj Mishra|My great-grandmother lived to be 100 years old, so I got to know her. She always sent us birthday cards that had $2 bills inside - we kept them for good luck.
Ellsworth Huntington|The principle that human nature, in its psychological aspects, is nothing more than a product of history and given social relations removes all barriers to coercion and manipulation by the powerful.
Pauline Hanson|You have to respect your audience. Without them, you're essentially standing alone, singing to yourself.
Hannah Fry|The most successful relationships are ones with a really low negativity threshold. In those relationships, couples allow each other to complain, and work together to constantly repair the tiny issues between them. In such cases, couples don't bottle up their feelings, and little things don't end up being blown completely out of proportion.
Erik Pevernagie|Stolen moments” create a feeling of enjoyment in our “intensive time” awareness. The glow and the intensity of those instants can guide us throughout a whole lifetime. They can expose a second or a third dimension of the daily events and shed an expounding light on all the little details we encounter. ("Stolen moments" )
Jean Rhys, Good Morning, Midnight|How?' Irene enquired. She'd decided a while back that Socratic reasoning was a good idea, because (a) it got students thinking for them selves, (b) sometimes they came up with ideas she hadn't thought of, and (c) it gave her more time to think while they were trying to find answers.
Cotton Mather|The real 1960s began on the afternoon of November 22, 1963. It came to seem that Kennedy's murder opened some malign trap door in American culture, and the wild bats flapped out.
Nicolaus Copernicus|To know that we know what we know, and to know that we do not know what we do not know, that is true knowledge.
Melissa Pearl, Betwixt|Simon laughed heartily. “I’m afraid the rest of us have to find talents to get our women into bed. Of course once they’re there, I have other talents that keep them right where they are.”“Handcuffs hardly count,” Christian said offhandedly.“If you mean the ladies cuffing me to the bed so they can explore Hunt Island,” he said, rubbing his chest, “…then point taken. These hands are capable of making any female climax by the mere brush of a pinky across her bare breast.”“I must have gone to the wrong island,” I said with a private laugh.
Ken Poirot, Go Viral!: The Social Media Secret to Get Your Name Posted and Shared All Over the World!|You have a very high probability of your quote and your name being distributed, posted, and shared around the world!
William Goldman, The Princess Bride|Something of vengeance I had tasted for the first time; as aromatic wine it seemed, on swallowing, warm and racy: its after-flavour, metallic and corroding, gave me a sensation as if I had been poisoned.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Night Embrace|Sunshine, I... Starla's voice broke off as she entered the room and caught sight of him standing naked in the corner. She eyed him in an odd, detached way, as if he were an interesting piece of furniture.Talon and modesty were strangers, but the way she stared at him made him damned uncomfortable. In spite of the sunlight, Talon grabbed the pink blanket off the bed and clutched it to his middle.You know, Sunshine, you need to find a man like that to marry. Someone so well hung that even after three or four kids, he'd still be wall to wall.Talon gaped.Sunshine laughed. "Starla, you're embarrassing him.
Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom|No matter how many leaves would the tree of your soul have in front of the intense heat in the words of Time in this world, they can never shade the eternity lost inside you.
Sylvia Day, Entwined with You|ripped. I got a glance at his abs when he picked up the woman’s things.   Yeah, I looked up his shirt. What of it? Plenty of men have looked up my skirt. Consider it karma.~Julia
Paul Harding, Tinkers|Then he took the pages, smoothed them with the palm of his hand, and fixed them with pins to the walls. So that now, if he sat looking down upon Grape Street, the letters and images encircled him. And it was while he sat here, scarcely moving, that he was in hell and no one knew it. At such times the future became so clear that it was as if he were remembering it, remembering it in place of the past which he could no longer describe. But there was in any case no future and no past, only the unspeakable misery of his own self.
Victor J. Stenger|Superorganism. A biologist coined that word for our great African ant colonies, claiming that consciousness and intelligence resided not in the individual ant but in the collective ant mind. The trail of red taillights stretching to the horizon as day broke around us made me think of that term. Order and purpose must reside somewhere other than within each vehicle. That morning I heard the hum, the respiration of the superorganism. It's a sound the new immigrant hears but not for long. By the time I learned to say "6-inch Number 7 on rye with Swiss hold the lettuce," the sound, too, was gone. It became part of the what the mind would label silence. You were subsumed into the superorganism.
Julian Barnes, Levels of Life|Throw off your grief,' doubters imply, 'and we can all go back to pretending death doesn't exist, or at least is comfortably far away.
Carlos Fuentes, Myself with Others: Selected Essays|The great wheel of fire of ancient wisdom, silence and word engendering the myth of the origin, human action engendering the epic voyage toward the other; historical violence revealing the tragic flaw of the hero who must then return to the land of origin; myth of death and renewal and silence from which new words and images will arise, keeps on turning in spite of the blindness of purely lineal thought.
Jonah Goldberg|The government cannot love you, and any politics that works on a different assumption is destined for no good.
Kim Addonizio|Give me the strongest cheese, the one that stinks best;and I want the good wine, the swirl in crystalsurrendering the bruised scent of blackberries,or cherries, the rich spurt in the backof the throat, the holding it there before swallowing.Give me the lover who yanks open the doorof his house and presses me to the wallin the dim hallway, and keeps me there until I’m drenchedand shaking, whose kisses arrive by the boatloadand begin their delicious diasporathrough the cities and small towns of my body.To hell with the saints, with martyrsof my childhood meant to instruct mein the power of endurance and faith,to hell with the next world and its pallid angelsswooning and sighing like Victorian girls.I want this world. I want to walk intothe ocean and feel it trying to drag me alonglike I’m nothing but a broken bit of scratched glass,and I want to resist it. I want to gostaggering and flailing my waythrough the bars and back rooms,through the gleaming hotels and weedylots of abandoned sunflowers and the parkswhere dogs are let off their leashesin spite of the signs, where they sniff eachother and roll together in the grass, I want tolie down somewhere and suffer for love untilit nearly kills me, and then I want to get up againand put on that little black dress and waitfor you, yes you, to come over hereand get down on your knees and tell mejust how fucking good I look.- “For Desire
Sam Snead|I have learned silence from the talkative, tolerance from the intolerant and kindness from the unkind.I should not be ungrateful to those teachers. ~Kahlil Gibran~
P.G. Wodehouse, How Right You Are, Jeeves|She was, in short, melted by his distress, as so often happens with the female sex. Poets have frequently commented on this. You are probably familiar with the one who said, "Oh, woman in our hours of ease tum tumty tiddly something please, when something something something brow, a something something something thou.
Jeanette Winterson, Written on the Body|You said, 'I love you.' Why is it that the most unoriginal thing we can say to one another is still the thing we long to hear? 'I love you' is always a quotation. You did not say it first and neither did I, yet when you say it and when I say it we speak like savages who have found three words and worship them.
Lorii Myers, No Excuses, The Fit Mind-Fit Body Strategy Book|The life of the hero of the tale is, at the outset, overshadowed by bitter and hopeless struggles; one doubts that the little swineherd will ever be able to vanquish the awful Dragon with the twelve heads. And yet, ...truth and courage prevail and the youngest and most neglected son of the family, of the nation, of mankind, chops off all twelve heads of the Dragon, to the delight of our anxious hearts. This exultant victory, towards which the hero of the tale always strives, is the hope and trust of the peasantry and of all oppressed peoples. This hope helps them bear the burden of their destiny.
Confucius|Quality is not an act, it is a habit.
Franklin D. Roosevelt|If nations could only depend upon fair and impartial judgments in a world court of law, they would abandon the senseless, savage practice of war.
Alan Bradley, The Weed That Strings the Hangman's Bag|If you remember nothing else, remember this: Inspiration from outside one's self is like the heat in an oven. It makes passable Bath buns. But inspiration from within is like a volcano: It changes the face of the world.
Orrin Woodward|For most of my life I have thought of grace as a hope of a bright tomorrow in spite of the darkness of today--and this is true. In this way we are all like Pamela, walking a road to grace--hoping for mercy. What we fail to realize is that grace is more than our destination, it is the journey itself, manifested in each breath and with each step we take. Grace surrounds us, whirls about us like the wind, falls on us like rain. Grace sustains us on our journeys, no matter how perilous they may be and, make no mistake, they are all perilous. We need not hope for grace, we merely need to open our eyes to its abundance. Grace is all around us, not just in the hopeful future but in the miracle of now.
Arthur  Graham, Editorial|Write, write, write! Get your you-know-what in the chair and write more books: write the books of your heart and don’t let stress steal your joy.
Arabella Weir|Statistically, if you have ever dieted you are extremely likely not only to regain any weight you lose, but to go on to gain even more. Dieting makes you fat.
Alfred Tennyson|And this gray spirit yearning in desireTo follow knowledge like a sinking star,Beyond the utmost bound of human thought. 
Henry Cloud, Safe People: How to Find Relationships That Are Good for You and Avoid Those That Aren't|We grow in part by confessing our faults and weaknesses to each other (James 5:16; Eccl. 4:10). If we are always being strong and without needs, we are not growing, and we are setting ourselves up for a very dangerous fall.
Meg Cabot, Princess in Love|After you, it's all cheap tequila.
Tony Evans, Our God is Awesome: Encountering the Greatness of Our God|Accept the fullness in life's balance, which demands that there are positive gifts along with adversity.
Anne Lamott|I love things made out of animals. It's just so funny to think of someone saying, 'I need a letter opener. I guess I'll have to kill a deer.
Ella Maise, Untitled|Her heart just about stopped. “Us?” she asked in shock. “There is no us. There’s a you. And there’s a me. And okay, so sometimes we get crazy and become a very momentary us but it’s not real.” “It could be,” he said. She gaped at him, completely gobsmacked.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|As humans we have two great spiritual needs. The first is forgiveness, which God has made possible by sending His Son into the world to die for our sins. Our second need, however, is for goodness, which God also made possible by sending the Holy Spirit to dwell within us.
Jean Edward Smith, Eisenhower in War and Peace|I work with a great deal of discipline, although I usually take on more than I can handle and often have to extend due dates. I have always been appalled by bohemianism because of its laziness, disorder, and moral weakness. I understand that this way of living is a response to the fact of human frailty, but it leans too far in one direction. Being a little more buttoned up doesn’t mean that you’ll get so brittle that you’ll break. Nor does it mean that you don’t understand tragedy, loss, and, most of all, human limitation.I am more than well aware of those things and I feel very strongly, but on the other hand I like to run ten miles and return to a spotless well-ordered room, and I like my shirts heavily starched. When I used to go on a long run on Sunday morning when I lived on the Upper West Side, I would pass thousands and thousands of people in restaurants eating . . . (I won’t say this word, because I hate it so much, but it rhymes with hunch, and it’s a disgusting meal that is supposed to be both breakfast and lunch). There they were—having slept for five hours while I was doing calisthenics and running—unshaven (the women too), bleary eyed, surrounded by newspapers scattered as if in a hamster cage, smoking noxious French cigarettes, and drinking Bloody Marys while they ate huge quantities of fat. They looked to me like a movie version of South American bandits. I would never want to be like that. I prefer to live like a British soldier.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|for me, to say I yet to begin gives me reasons not to look back and see what I have done but ,to look ahead and see, understand and plan for what I am yet to do
Vonda Sinclair, My Daring Highlander|If only she had lived back then... experienced a real ball... not this play-acting. "Wouldn't that be amazing to truly be at this ball in 1834?" she whispered. The silver under her thumb flared with heat. The room spun. The air, colors and sounds muted as if she was inside an abstract color painting.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|I will not tell you our love story, because-like all real love stories-it will die with us,as it should.
Will Rogers|It seems to many of us that if we are to avoid the eventual catastrophic world conflict, we must strengthen the United Nations as a first step toward a world government patterned after our own government with a legislature, executive and judiciary, and police to enforce its international laws and keep the peace.
Katie Reus, Shattered Duty|Are you going to put some clothes on?" she blurted out."No. Are you going to take yours off?""No.""Right. Of course not.
Anthony Liccione|The Rain Falls Because sky can no longer handle its heaviness..Just like Tears,It falls because the heart can no longer handle the pain.. !
J. Sterling, The Perfect Game|But when you don't follow them up with any action, they're completely pointless. They're just sounds and syllables. But they mean absolutely nothing.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Release The Ink|People may not like you, but that's cool because your heart doesn't beat from their liking. You can't live to please everyone, you're not a puppet
bokir166|One, you moved here with your father, which means your a daddy's girl. No girl leaves their mother unless they are.
Carrie Ryan, The Forest of Hands and Teeth|Why now? Why not? Live or die, a man and a woman need love. There is a need in the race. We need to share. To belong. Perhaps you will die before the year is out. But remember this: to have may be taken from you, to have had never. Far better to have tasted love before dying, than to die alone.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, This Side of Paradise|All in all, it was a never-to-be-forgotten summer — one of those summers which come seldom into any life, but leave a rich heritage of beautiful memories in their going — one of those summers which, in a fortunate combination of delightful weather, delightful friends and delightful doing, come as near to perfection as anything can come in this world.
