Gena Showalter, The Darkest Night|Jason is explaining the ins and outs of being a bird shifter to Merry.She says:"Sheesh. Okay, I think I only have one more ques
Amy Andrews, Playing With Forever|His woman. Part of her knew she should object to the wording. She wasn’t his woman. They weren’t together like that. But the heaviness between her legs was blooming into something much fuller and fuck it, she liked the way it sounded on his lips while he pinned her to the railing and publically groped her.
Guy Berryman|I wouldn't recommend young kids see 'Speedway Junkie.' It's definitely an age-appropriate movie - dark and realistic and edgy. If young kids want to see me, go see the Christmas movie.
Ronald T. Potter-Efron|Some people just need to read and think, to spend time alone sorting through the stories in their heads
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment|olivia reminds me of a bird sometimes, how her feathers get all ruffled when she's mad. and when she's fragile like this, she's a little lost bird looking for its nest.
Russ Ramsey, Struck: One Christian's Reflections on Encountering Death|I, the infirm, find myself caring for the sorrows and fears of the well.
Julie James, A Lot like Love|First Pallas and now you,” the gray-haired man said, shaking his head at Nick. “It’s like I’m running a goddamn dating service around here.
Jonathan Kuiper, Our Place by the Sea|There is nothing greater in this world then love. Many things in this world have limits and expiration dates, but love is constant and everywhere. More important, it can take many forms and even when we lose those we care about, their love continues as long as we are open to receiving and reciprocating that love. Don't let the physical world dictate who you are and how to act, open your mind to something greater and as a result you will always find peace within your heart.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|If your gonna screw up, do it while you're young. Older you get, the harder it is to bounce back.
Debasish Mridha|Without change there is no gain, but every change brings some pain.
Lajos Kossuth|I had to think ahead. How much would I really enjoy committing five or seven years to working on this? When you're an unemployed actor offered a TV pilot, no matter who you are you're tempted by the good hunk of change to be made. It keeps you out of the unemployment line.
Gerard de Marigny, Signs of War|A writer fails, not when a reader is not moved; but when, as a reader, the writer is not moved.
Margaret Smith, Ritual Abuse: What it is, Why it Happens, and How to Help|Betrayal is too kind a word to describe a situation in which a father says he loves his daughter but claims he must teach her about the horrors of the world in order to make her a stronger person; a situation in which he watches or participates in rituals that make her feel like she is going to die. She experiences pain that is so intense that she cannot think; her head spins so fast she can't remember who she is or how she got there.All she knows is pain. All she feels is desperation. She tries to cry out for help, but soon learns that no one will listen. No matter how loud she cries, she can't stop or change what is happening. No matter what she does, the pain will not stop. Her father orders her to be tortured and tells her it is for her own good. He tells her that she needs the discipline, or that she has asked for it by her misbehavior. Betrayal is too simple a word to describe the overwhelming pain, the overwhelming loneliness and isolation this child experiences.As if the abuse during the rituals were not enough, this child experiences similar abuse at home on a daily basis. When she tries to talk about her pain, she is told that she must be crazy. "Nothing bad has happened to you;' her family tells her Each day she begins to feel more and more like she doesn't know what is real. She stops trusting her own feelings because no one else acknowledges them or hears her agony. Soon the pain becomes too great. She learns not to feel at all. This strong, lonely, desperate child learns to give up the senses that make all people feel alive. She begins to feel dead.She wishes she were dead. For her there is no way out. She soon learns there is no hope.As she grows older she gets stronger. She learns to do what she is told with the utmost compliance. She forgets everything she has ever wanted. The pain still lurks, but it's easier to pretend it's not there than to acknowledge the horrors she has buried in the deepest parts of her mind. Her relationships are overwhelmed by the power of her emotions. She reaches out for help, but never seems to find what she is looking for The pain gets worse. The loneliness sets in. When the feelings return, she is overcome with panic, pain, and desperation.She is convinced she is going to die. Yet, when she looks around her she sees nothing that should make her feel so bad. Deep inside she knows something is very, very wrong, but she doesn't remember anything. She thinks, "Maybe I am crazy.
Jeffrey Fry|We mourn the blossoms of May because they are to wither; but we know that May is one day to have its revenge upon November, by the revolution of that solemn circle which never stops-- which teaches us in our height of hope, ever to be sober, and in our depths of desolation, never to despair.
Awdhesh Singh, The Secret Red Book of Leadership|You do not become a leader because people follow you. Rather, people tend to follow you because you have leadership qualities. The journey of leadership often starts alone.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Life kept throwing me storms, but I kept finding rainbows.
|Life is not just about what we can do for ourselves; rather, it is about fulfilling ourselves while simultaneously showing others how to fulfill theirs.
Rick Doblin, Manifesting Minds: A Review of Psychedelics in Science, Medicine, Sex, and Spirituality|If we recognize the power of entheogenic substances to open us to the universal truth and full dimension of human experience, and if we accept the role of the shaman as hierophant and psychopomp into this realm, as enacted for example by the Huichol mara'akame, we have to conclude that today in Western society we are deprived of two key resources for complete human growth. Young people, in their hunger for meaning, will still gravitate toward entheogens. The more experienced among us may try to ease their journey, but in the absence of qualified guides not all will benefit from their experience.
Steve Maraboli|Don’t ask me to apologize for holding up a mirror. If you don’t like what it’s reflecting, take accountability and change it.
Elizabeth Norris, Undone|And the pomegranates,/like memories, are bittersweet/as we huddle together,/remembering just how good/life used to be
Julie Andrews Edwards, The Last of the Really Great Whangdoodles|There is only one possible road you can take,' he said, 'and that is t go by way of your imagination.
Joel T. McGrath|Water is the most versatile of all elements. It isn't afraid to burn in fire or fade into the sky, it doesn't hesitate to shatter against sharp rocks in rainfall or drown into the dark shroud of the earth. It exists beyond all eginnings and ends. On the surface nothing will shift, but deep in underground silence, water will hide and with soft fingers coax a new channel for itself, until stone gives in and slowly settles around the secret space.  Death is water's close companion, and neither of them can be separated from us, for we are made of the versatilitiy of water and the closeness of death. Water doesn't belong to us, be we belong to water: when it has passed through our fingers and pores and bodies, nothing separates us from earth.
Maggie Stiefvater|Criticism is just someone else’s opinion. Even people who are experts in their ﬁelds are sometimes wrong. It is up to you to choose whether to believe some of it, none of it, or all of it. What you think is what counts.
John Hersey, Hiroshima|The crux of the matter is whether total war in its present form is justifiable, even when it serves a just purpose. Does it not have material and spiritual evil as its consequences which far exceed whatever good might result? When will our moralists give us an answer to this question?
Thomas Love Peacock|You know, my friends, with what a brave carouse I made a Second Marriage in my house; favored old barren reason from my bed, and took the daughter of the vine to spouse.
Harper Lee, Go Set a Watchman|I do not believe we can stop them, Samori, because they must ultimately stop themselves. And still I urge you to struggle. Struggle for the memory of your ancestors. Struggle for wisdom. Struggle for the warmth of The Mecca. Struggle for your grandmother and grandfather, for your name. But do not struggle for the Dreamers. Hope for them. Pray for them, if you are so moved. But do not pin your struggle on their conversion. The Dreamers will have to learn to struggle themselves, to understand that the field for their Dream, the stage where they have painted themselves white, is the deathbed of us all. The Dream is the same habit that endangers this planet, the same habit that sees our bodies stowed away in prisons and ghettos.
Barry Goldwater|These men ask for just the same thing, fairness, and fairness only. This, so far as in my power, they, and all others, shall have.
William Shakespeare|The Fourth Amendment to the United States Constitution, intact for over 200 years, guaranteed that the right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by oath of affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized. After September 11th, 2001, those were just words on an old piece of paper, no longer a restriction of the Government’s overreaching power to shake down its subjects.
Cynthia Hand|Insert the biggest, most awkward silence in the history of big awkward silences. I stare at him. I'm suddenly exhausted by all the lies I've told him. He's my friend, and I lie to him every day. He deserves better. I wish I could tell him then, more than anything I've ever wanted. I wish I could stand in front of him and truly be myself and tell him everything. But it's against the rules.
H.E. Davey|A positive attitude is most easily arrived at through a deliberate and rational analysis of what’s required to manifest unwavering positive thought patterns. First, reflect on the actual, present condition of your mind. In other words, is the mind positive or not? We’ve all met individuals who perceive themselves as positive people but don’t appear as such. Since the mind is both invisible and intangible, it’s therefore easier to see the accurate characteristics of the mind through a person’s words, deeds, and posture.For example, if we say, “It’s absolutely freezing today! I’ll probably catch a cold before the end of the day!” then our words expose a negative attitude. But if we say, “The temperature is very cold” (a simple statement of fact), then our expressions, and therefore attitude, are not negative. Sustaining an alert state in which self-awareness becomes possible gives us a chance to discover the origins of negativity. In doing so, we also have an opportunity to arrive at a state of positiveness, so that our words and deeds are also positive, making others feel comfortable, cheerful, and inspired.
Keisha Keenleyside|don't make me throw my boot at you, because I will, you grumpy high testosterone driven male
Debasish Mridha|Life is so transient and ephemeral; we will not be here after a breath. So think better, think deeply, think with kindness, and write it with love so that it may live a little longer.
Edgar Allan Poe, The System of Doctor Tarr and Professor Fether|How are you still sane?""Who says I am? I only stopped asking myself the escape question when the walls started to answer me."Shit.
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|I think of you, therefore I exist.
Kevin J. Anderson|As much as I encourage communication with my readers, I don't want reviews from them, simply because I don't need to be hamstrung in the middle of working on something.
Saurabh Sharma|The problem with people today, is, they have religions but they have no spirituality. They go to church but they cannot even manage the condition of their own souls. They take pride to state the name of their religions and broadcast these things on facebook and everywhere, thinking that the nature of their religion represents the nature of their spirit. It's just the same as how they present their cars, houses, and degrees to the world— to stand as a representation of what they are. That's not spirituality; that's still materialism. Yes, perhaps your car, house and degree represents what you've achieved (or what your status in society is); but your religion does not represent what your spirit is like. You cannot go to a certain church or belong to a certain group of people and have that be a replica of your spirit.
Debasish Mridha|If you can feel it, you can find it.
Wayne Gerard Trotman, Veterans of the Psychic Wars|Fleshers used to spin fantasies about aliens arriving to ‘conquer’ Earth, to steal their ‘precious’ physical resources, to wipe them out for fear of ‘competition’…as if a species capable of making the journey wouldn’t have had the power, or the wit, or the imagination, to rid itself of obsolete biological imperatives. Conquering the Galaxy is what bacteria with spaceships would do – knowing no better, having no choice.
T.H. White, The Once and Future King|Their mother is Athene, the goddess of wisdom, and, although they are often ready to play the buffoon to amuse you, such conduct is the prerogative of the truly wise.
Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera|My hope is that we can navigate through this world and our lives with the grace and integrity of those who need our protection. May we have the sense of humor and liveliness of the goats; may we have the maternal instincts and protective nature of the hens and the sassiness of the roosters. May we have the gentleness and strength of the cattle, and the wisdom, humility, and serenity of the donkeys. May we appreciate the need for community as do the sheep and choose our companion as carefully as do the rabbits. May we have the faithfulness and commitment to family as the geese, and adaptability and affability of the ducks. May we have the intelligence, loyalty, and affection of the pigs and the inquisitiveness, sensitivity, and playfulness of the turkeys.My hope is that we learn from the animals what it is we need to become better people.
Gloria Steinem, My Life on the Road|His words started to wedge their way into me, and they would stay for a long time; twisting me up, and causing me to look at life in a whole new way.
John Osborne, Look Back in Anger|When a man is overcome by anger, he has a poisoned fever. He loses his strength, he loses his power over himself and over others. He throws away time in which he might have gained the end he desires. The is no time for anger in the world. - The Ancient One
Dada Bhagwan|Without ‘Gnan’ (True Knowledge of the Self), desire(s) will not go away.
Nicola Yoon, The Sun Is Also a Star|However, if the long shot is your only shot, then you have to take it.
Scott Lynch, The Republic of Thieves|You want a lesson, boy? If you find yourself being born, climb back in as quick as you can, because life's a bottomless feast of shit.
Debasish Mridha|The more loving, kind and simple we are, the more we resemble the God.
Moderata Fonte, The Worth of Women: Wherein Is Clearly Revealed Their Nobility and Their Superiority to Men|[M]en, though they know full well how much women are worth and how great the benefits we bring them, nonetheless seek to destroy us out of envy for our merits. It's just like the crow, when it produces white nestlings: it is so stricken by envy, knowing how black it is itself, that it kills its own offspring out of pique.
Madeleine L'Engle|Prayer was never meant to be magic,' Mother said.'Then why bother with it?' Suzy scowled.'Because it's an act of love,' Mother said.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|She supposed they were imperfections, those marks, but they didn't feel that way to her; they were a history, cut into his body: the map of a life of endless war.
Abraham Verghese, Cutting for Stone|All sanity depends on this: that it should be a delight to feel the roughness of a carpet under smooth soles, a delight to feel heat strike the skin, a delight to stand upright, knowing the bones are moving easily under the flesh.
Debasish Mridha|Falling in love is very easy, but staying in love is very difficult.
Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane|I wanted to shout down to him, to warn him that he was giving flowers to a monster, but I did not.
Henry James, Complete Stories, 1892-1898|Mr. Bird flung his food away and leaped to his feet, glaring around at no one in particular. 'I am not a dog!' he shouted agrily, his gold earrings flashing in the firelight.
Klaus Schwab|The violations of these diesel motors by our company go against everything that Volkswagen stands for... at this time, I don't yet have the answers to all the questions. I'm utterly sorry that we have damaged trust in this way. I offer my deepest apologies to our customers, the authorities, and to the public at large for our misconduct.
Tessie Bradford, Sensations|a man who uses a woman for his own sexual gratification, but belittles her into thinking she is no good in bed, is not a dominant personality, but a submissive one.
Kevin Paterson, Straight Talk to Christian Singles: Moving from "Hi, how are you?" to "Yes, I do"|I think we need to say, 'Okay, Jesus, give us your eyes. Give us childlike faith. Give us the eyes of faith so that we can begin to see the way Christ does and get used to looking for God’s glory in each other.
Gina Damico, Croak|Momentarily forgetting how wind works, Lex tried spitting at him. This failed
Brian L. Weiss, Many Lives, Many Masters: The True Story of a Prominent Psychiatrist, His Young Patient, and the Past Life Therapy That Changed Both Their Lives|Our task is to learn, to become God-like through knowledge. We know so little. You are here to be my teacher. I have so much to learn. By knowledge we approach God, and then we can rest. Then we come back to teach and help others.
Michael Krondl|Maybe your mind won't remember what I cooked last week, but your body will.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Maxims and Reflections|Government” itself does no harm, because it is a fictional entity. But the belief in “government” – the notion that some people actually have the moral right to rule over others – has caused immeasurable pain and suffering, injustice and oppression, enslavement and death.
S. Nassir Ghaemi, A First-Rate Madness: Uncovering the Links Between Leadership and Mental Illness|Empathy is a big part of Sparkleponies, because it’s also my belief (as a history and political science major) that societies that don’t practice rational empathy inevitably collapse – either by fomenting conflict from within by oppressing a segment/s of their populace, or seeking conflict from without by taking from others and eventually getting into a fight they can’t win.
Akshay Vasu|I have seen people starting the fire with water, turning every breeze into a storm, create chaos out of peace. Few people are meant to destroy everything and themselves no matter what, and if you hold on to them long they will take you into their abyss and tear you into pieces.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Be a peacemaker, seek peace.
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr.|Great companies that build an enduring brand have an emotional relationship with customers that has no barrier. And that emotional relationship is on the most important characteristic, which is trust.
Graham Moore, The Sherlockian|On Westminster Bridge, Arthur was struck by the brightness of the streetlamps running across like a formation of stars. They shone white against the black coats of the marching gentlefold and fuller than the moon against the fractal spires of Westminster. They were, Arthur quickly realized, the new electric lights, which the city government was installing, avenue by avenue, square by square, in place of the dirty gas lamps that had lit London's public spaces for a century. These new electric ones were brighter. They were cheaper. They required less maintenance. And they shone farther into the dime evening, exposing every crack in the pavement, every plump turtle sheel of stone underfoot. So long to the faint chiaroscuro of London, to the ladies and gentlemen in black-on-black relief. So long to the era of mist and carbonized Newcastle coal, to the stench of the Blackfriars foundry. Welcome to the cleasing glare of the twentieth century.
Euginia Herlihy|A person with out a faith, is like a like a body with out a soul.
Penn Jillette, God, No! Signs You May Already Be an Atheist and Other Magical Tales|Once you've condoned faith in general, you've condoned any crazy shit done because of faith.
J.K. Rowling|Be ruthless about protecting writing days, i.e., do not cave in to endless requests to have "essential" and "long overdue" meetings on those days. The funny thing is that, although writing has been my actual job for several years now, I still seem to have to fight for time in which to do it. Some people do not seem to grasp that I still have to sit down in peace and write the books, apparently believing that they pop up like mushrooms without my connivance. I must therefore guard the time allotted to writing as a Hungarian Horntail guards its firstborn egg.
Jake Byrne, First and Goal: What Football Taught Me About Never Giving Up|Mama:...you can keep trying. You can get brave and try some more. You don't have to give up.Jessie: I'm NOT giving up. This IS the other thing I'm trying. And I'm sure there are some other things that might work, but MIGHT work isn't good enough any more. I need something that WILL work. THIS will work. That's why I picked it.
Bernhard Schlink, The Reader|Rationally speaking, blaming one's behavior on alcohol or drugs is like blaming the ladder by which you descended into a pit, or the staircase that took you down to a cellar, for what you found there.
Debasish Mridha M.D.|Integrity is the essence of a beautiful, ethical life.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore|Fall in love with someonewho tastes like adventurebut looks likethe calm, beautiful morningafter a terrible storm
Judd Nelson|Republicans use think tanks to come up with a lot of their messages. The think tanks are the single worst, most undisciplined example of communication I've ever seen.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Purple Hibiscus|tread carefullyinto my life, my dear.the currents are strong.you will get lostin this warm oceanof my skin.
Tessa Watt, Introducing Mindfulness: A Practical Guide|The pursuit of material-external things as if they can provide deep and lasting happiness is contributing to a dwindling of real meaning and is a factor contributing to an increase in mental health problems. It just isn't possible to fill the hole inside us by piling up the things outside us." pg9
Jessie Douglas Kerruish, The Undying Monster: A Tale of the Fifth Dimension|If you see it's impossible, you may use others' eyes.
Tom Scholz|In syndication, the biggest buyers are car dealerships.
Théophile Gautier, Mademoiselle de Maupin|I have often been charged with falsehood and hypocrisy, yet there lives not the man who would more gladly than I speak truthfully and lay bare his heart; but as I have not one idea, one feeling in common with the people who surround me, as the very first word I should speak truthfully would cause a general hue and cry, I have preferred to keep silent, or, if I do speak, to utter only stupid commonplaces which everyone has agreed to believe in.
Andie MacDowell|A sad fact of life lately at the Museum of Modern Art is that when it comes to group shows of contemporary painting from the collection, the bar has been set pretty low.
Eliezer Yudkowsky|I am a full-time Research Fellow at the Machine Intelligence Research Institute, a small 501(c)(3) public charity supported primarily by individual donations.
Mother Teresa|Let no one ever come to you without leaving better and happier. Be the living expression of God's kindness: kindness in your face, kindness in your eyes, kindness in your smile.
Anna Kournikova|I always wanted so much glamour in my life, so I have always been obsessed with class, and from dating a few people who were from old money and a few from new money in my 20s, I just sort of became obsessed with this idea of clueless rich people.
Jaimie Roberts, Redemption|It's a good thing, right, when an author gets turned on by the dirty scenes they write?!
Jim Cymbala, Fresh Faith: What Happens When Real Faith Ignites God's People|Unbelief loves to paint the bleakest picture it can. It loves to get us mumbling to ourselves, I'm not going to make it. I just know this is going to turn out terrible. The future is bound to crash on me.Let me tell you that God, who began a good work in you, is not about to stop now. After sending his Son to die for your sins, after saving you at such incredible cost, why would he let you fail now?
Les Brown|I mean, every child at one stage dreams of being a prince or a princess.
Erich Fromm, Escape from Freedom|Human nature, though being the product of historical evolution, has certain inherent mechanisms and laws, to discover which is the task of psychology.
Chuck Palahniuk|Government isn't that good at rapid advancement of technology. It tends to be better at funding basic research. To have things take off, you've got to have commercial companies do it.
Reyna Pryde, Unique: A New Breed|I curled my lip at the sight of sizzling human hair and skin clinging to my demon flesh. Damn, I’d have given anything to be back in Boston, sipping chai tea latte." ~ Muse, Ties That Bind, #5 The Veil Series.
Richelle Mead, The Indigo Spell|Adrian smiled and clasped my hands, taking a few steps toward me. "And as for who you are, you’re the same beautiful, brave, and ridiculously smart caffeinated fighter you’ve been since the day I met you.” Finally, he put “beautiful” at the top of his list of adjectives. Not that I should have cared.“Sweet talker,” I scoffed. “You didn’t know anything about me the first time we met.”“I knew you were beautiful,” he said. “I just hoped for the rest.
Jeff Kinney, Double Down|Mhm, yeah it happen that's a fact... is it matter of time or not!?
Douglas Adams, So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish|He had a better mind and a more rigorous temperament than me; he thought logically, and then acted on the conclusion of logical thought. Whereas most of us, I suspect, do the opposite: we make an instinctive decision, then build up an infrastructure of reasoning to justify it. And call the result common sense.
Edna St. Vincent Millay|Well, I have lost you; and I lost you fairly;In my own way, and with my full consent.Say what you will, kings in a tumbrel rarelyWent to their deaths more proud than this one went.Some nights of apprehension and hot weepingI will confess; but that's permitted me;Day dried my eyes; I was not one for keepingRubbed in a cage a wing that would be free.If I had loved you less or played you slylyI might have held you for a summer more,But at the cost of words I value highly,And no such summer as the one before.Should I outlive this anguish, and men do,I shall have only good to say of you.
Edward Abbey, Postcards from Ed: Dispatches and Salvos from an American Iconoclast|Our institutions are too big; they represent not the best but the worst characteristics of human beings. By submitting to huge hierarchies of power, we gain freedom from personal responsibility for what we do and are forced to do - the seduction of it - but we lose the dignity of being real men and women. Power corrupts; attracts the worst and corrupts the best. ... Refuse to participate in evil; insist on taking part in what is healthy, generous, and responsible. Stand up, speak out, and when necessary fight back. Get down off the fence and lend a hand, grab a-hold, be a citizen - not a subject.
Luigina Sgarro|Revolutionaries do not only have different ideas (or even actions) from pseudo-revolutionaries. What they are is different, and the way they act is. They do not try to enrol people in order to represent them and be a power in their name ... Their action is never an attempt to organise others, only to express their own subversive response to the world.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|I am, for the most part, who I am because my good mother was who she was.
Khaled Hosseini, A Thousand Splendid Suns|Though there had been moments of beauty in it, Mariam knew that life for the most part had been unkind to her. But as she walked the final twenty paces, she could not help but wish for more of it. She wished she could see Laila again, wished to hear the clamour of her laugh, to sit with her once more for a pot of chai and left over halwa under a starlit sky. She mourned that she would never see Aziza grow up, would not see the beautiful young woman that she would one day become, would not get to paint her hands with henna and toss noqul candy at her wedding. She would never play with Aziza's children. She would have liked that very much, to be old and play with Aziza's children.Near the goalpost, the man behind her asked her to stop. Mariam did. Through the crisscrossing grid of the burqa, she saw his shadow arms lift his shadow Kalashnikov. Mariam wished for so much in those final moments. Yet as she closed her eyes, it was not regret any longer but a sensation of abundant peace that washed over her. She thought of her entry into this world, the harami child of a lowly villager, an unintended thing, a pitiable, regrettable accident. A weed. And yet she was leaving the world as a woman who had loved and been loved back. She was leaving it as a friend, a companion, a guardian. A mother. A person of consequence at last. No. It was not so bad,Mariam thought, that she should die this way. Not so bad. This was a legitimate end to a life of illegitimate beginnings. Mariam's final thoughts were a few words from the Koran, which she muttered under her breath.He has created the heavens and the earth with the truth; He makes the night cover the day and makes the day overtake the night, and He has made the sun and the moon subservient; each one runs on to an assigned term; now surely He is the Mighty, the Great Forgiver."Kneel," the Talib saidO my Lord! Forgive and have mercy, for you are the best of the merciful ones."Kneel here, hamshira and look down."One last time, Mariam did as she was told.
E.B. White, Charlotte's Web|After all, what's a life, anyway? We're born, we live a little while, we die.
Laurie Buchanan, PhD|There comes a time in everyone's life when they must decide if they will serve God or serve Satan. There are only two choices in life that will matter for eternity, and that is the question, "Who will you serve?
Pawan Mishra, Coinman: An Untold Conspiracy|I sat at a lunch table with a professor of premonotheistic spirituality, plus several women from some of the tribes in this state that has more Native Americans than any other. All agreed that the paradigm of human organization had been the circle, not the pyramid or hierarchy—and it could be again. I’d never known there was a paradigm that linked instead of ranked. It was as if I’d been assuming opposition—and suddenly found myself in a welcoming world; like putting one’s foot down for a steep stair and discovering level ground. Still, when a Laguna law student from New Mexico complained that her courses didn’t cite the Iroquois Confederacy as the model for the U.S. Constitution—or explain that this still existing Confederacy was the oldest continuing democracy in the world—I thought she was being romantic. But I read about the Constitutional Convention and discovered that Benjamin Franklin had indeed cited the Iroquois Confederacy as a model. He was well aware of its success in unifying vast areas of the United States and Canada by bringing together Native nations for mutual decisions but also allowing autonomy in local ones. He hoped the Constitution could do the same for the thirteen states. That’s why he invited two Iroquois men to Philadelphia as advisers. Among their first questions was said to be: Where are the women?
Johnny B. Truant, Sean Platt, David W. Wright|Slartibartfast's study was a total mess, like the results of an explosion in a public library.
Gregory of Nazianzus|But why would anyone on a joyous occasion rake over past unpleasantness and dwell on painful events horrible to experience and repellent to recall? Silence is mightier than words. It clothes the wreckage that befalls us in the deep folds of forgetfulness unless someone stirs up the painful memories for the sole purpose of edifying us by example and, as with illnesses, of helping us avoid the causes that led us to them.
Evy Michaels|I don't know about you, but I celebrate being in love with life by smiling.
Anthony T. Hincks|Each time I see a beautiful sunset or sunrise, I have to pinch myself because I can't believe that I'm awake and not dreaming.
Zac Goldsmith|For me, adventures are a vehicle for travelling deep into the fabric of society, coming to know the environmental conditions that shape people's lives and viewing the present in the context of history.
Mathew N.  Schmalz, Mercy Matters: Opening Yourself to the Life-Changing Gift|Remember that I have been a legalist. We are the ones who throw stones. We are quick to judge without knowledge. We feed rumors and incline our heads to hear more. We label the messy people and gossip about the sinners and shake our heads in disgust. And when you have been a legalist in ministry, it’s not pretty. And it’s not ministry. And it couldn’t possibly be what the Jesus had in mind when He said, “Go and teach them about me.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|We're merely one tree with various types, shapes and sizes of leaves that all wave differently in the breeze
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|If you have a sister and she dies, do you stop saying you have one? Or are you always a sister, even when the other half of the equation is gone?
Isaac Asimov|You mean old books?""Stories written before space travel but about space travel.""How could there have been stories about space travel before --""The writers," Pris said, "made it up.
Saahil Prem|The more you care for others, while denying yourself, the more pleasure life supplies you.
Bob Goshen|Leaders..should influence others..in such a way that it builds people up, encourages and edifies them so they can duplicate this attitude in others.
Clay Christensen|Questions are places in your mind where answers fit. If you haven't asked the question, the answer has nowhere to go.
Rebecca Goldstein, Plato at the Googleplex: Why Philosophy Won't Go Away|The good polis is made by the good person, his moral character intact, and the good polis, in turn, helps turn out good persons, their moral character intact.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|There’ll always be wars because men love wars. Women don’t, but men do..
Ruth Ahmed, When Ali Met Honour|― all you have to do is kill every citizen at birth and then, by God, you're left with the perfect ―
Suzannah  Rowntree, Pendragon's Heir|Then this is for you," Galahad said, and drew a knife from the pouch at his belt. It was an odd little thing, T-hilted and small enough to fit into a woman's hand. Its translucent blade, only an inch and a half long, was bound with scrolling bronze wire to the bone hilt. "Have a care. Obsidian is sharper than anything else in the world, sharp enough to make sunlight bleed.
Peter Ackroyd, Hawksmoor|Admire all the stars, but what you really must admire is your very own Sun, the cosmic candle of our beloved Earth!
Jennifer Crusie, Bet Me|It's not a problem. There are people out there with much worse problems than mine."-Cynthia"Doesn't make yours any more fun to bear."-Liza"No. But it does help with the self-pity."- Cynthia
Euginia Herlihy|The time of neutrality is over,this is the time of intervention where we can learn to grab the bull by the horns.
Amanda Craig, Hearts and Minds|I could hear it from far away, that sound which only very big cities can produce: a sound consisting of all sounds rolled into one: the hum of voices and the cries of animals, bells ringing and the chink of coins, children's laughter and hammers beating metal, knives and forks clattering and a thousand doors slamming - the grandiose sound of life, of birth and death, itself.
Plato|When you have a dark side, nothing is ever as good as it seems.
Gustave Flaubert|But that which fanaticism formerly promised to the elect, science now accomplishes for all men. 
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|If a person cannot protect you, it is because you were meant to perfect them.If they cannot perfect you, you are meant to protect them.
Murad S. Shah|Success is not an end in itself. It should be a means to an end - happiness. If success does not lead to happiness, it is called "failure".
Peter S. Beagle, The Last Unicorn|Strange, though I am saved from sin, I am not saved from sinning.
Ida R. Yulia, Andante Part 1: The Fallen Wings|Life, at its best, is a flowing, changing process in which nothing is fixed.
Kristin Walker, A Match Made in High School|I'm serious, Mar, I don't know how to act around him now. I can't be nice, because he'll hate that. But I can't be mean just to be nice.""You really need medication.""I'm in a quandary. A Catch-22. I'm screwed.
Edward Teller|You know, Piggly Wiggly never could hang on to a night stock manager. Your math skills would be a plus, maybe even your Spanish, and you don't mind staying up late.""Piggly Wiggly, wow. I hadn't thought about that. I'll swing by, pick up an application tomorrow. But if it doesn't pan out maybe ... Never mind, it's a crazy idea.""No, tell me. I want to hear it.""Well, just as a backup plan, I did hear that Sony has an opening. They're, um, they're looking for a rock star. The hours suck, but it's no worse than night stock manager at Pigs. I bet it pays better too."Isabel stopped in her tracks, playfully slapping his arm. "Aidan, that's genius! That's what you should do! I've heard you sing, you can carry a decent tune." She looked him up and down. "With a little work, you can probably pull off the image."He tugged on her arms until she was in his. "Only if you're sure. Only if it's what we want.""Aidan, it's who you are. I've known it since the day we brought that first guitar here. I'd never want to take that away.
Paula Hawkins, The Girl on the Train|The holes in your life are permanent. You have to grow around them, like tree roots around concrete; you mold yourself through the gaps.
Eda J. Vor, Lay Her Ghosts to Rest|It must be difficult to be a mother,” she continued thoughtfully. “To create and nurture and raise a tiny person, to invest all of your heart in it, only to have them grow up and not need you anymore. It must hurt to feel that kind of abandonment. To be forced to let go because of time and nature and the well-being of… both the child and the mother, I suppose?
Freddy Sakazaki, Land of the Rising Dead: A Tokyo School Girl's Guide to Surviving the Zombie Apocalypse|There are probably more of us. If we’re all zombies, thenthere’s got to be more. I say we go up to the cemetery and find out.”“Can we get soda on the way?”Nothing washes down brains better than a can of Coca Cola and a little shameless product placement. (Hey, the undead do have an image problem.)“Soda and cemeteries! Soda and cemeteries!” they chanted. “And braaaaaaaiiiiiiiiiins!”“Hey Bernie, you’re getting pretty good at that.”“Okay, you try.”“Braaa—” the zombie belched, ”—aiiinsss.”Earl heaved the coroner’s body out of the way. They headed off for the cemetery, each trying furiously to perfect their own, unique and personal call for brains like an undead choir, out of tune.“Braaaaiiiiins!” “Braaiiiiiiiinns!” “Braaaaaaaaaains!” “Bray-uns.”“That was just awful.” ...Away into the night.
Banana Yoshimoto|I’ll never be able to be here again. As the minutes slide by, I move on. The flow of time is something I cannot stop. I haven’t a choice. I go. One caravan has stopped, another starts up. There are people I have yet to meet, others I’ll never see again. People who are gone before you know it, people who are just passing through. Even as we exchange hellos, they seem to grow transparent. I must keep living with the flowing river before my eyes.
André Gide, The Immoralist|Rather than recount his life as he has lived it, he must live his life as he will recount it.
Sri Sri Ravi Shankar|Nothing in the world can bother you as much as your own mind, I tell you. In fact, others seem to be bothering you, but it is not other, it is your own mind.
David Brooks|And we convict almost every case, she thinks, because the law requires us to prosecute them for living their way of life.
Shannon Hale, Book of a Thousand Days|Sometimes my fancy gets to floating inside me, threatening to carry me away like a leaf on a wind. Better to be a stone.
Abhijit Naskar, The Film Testament|Never forget O Brave One, the best kind of existence is to exist for others.
Nicole O'Dell, The Shadowed Onyx|We've assembled a group of people, your team, people who love you and pray for you. Take a look around the circle. These people represent thousands of words spent in prayer before the throne of God, begging for your safe return to the fold, begging for your peace, your faith, your heart.
T.I. Harris|Everybody does stupid things in life. Some of us more than others. You think you're going to get away with it. Or one or both of you just stop thinking. But it happens. And when it does, you can keep drinking it like poison, or you can put it behind you and go make the most of the rest of your life.
Paul David Tripp, A Quest For More: Living For Something Bigger than You|Every time you ask for forgiveness, you declare that your life does not belong to you, but has been created for the purpose of Another.
Victoria Lorient-Faibish|Finding your "self-culture" is hero's work. I liken it to the journey of a warrior who is preparing for battle. There is no violence in the battle, but there is a plan of attack and a methodology that you need to employ to complete the journey. Page 12
Arthur Rimbaud|In the great glasshouses streaming with condensation, the children in mourning-dress beheld marvels.
Courtney Schafer, The Tainted City|When you pray, you are speaking to yourself. When you take action, you are speaking to God.
Stephen Colbert|Atheism, a religion dedicated to its own sense of smug superiority.
Jill Shalvis, Chasing Christmas Eve|I was just thinking of you,” she said…
Doug Stanhope|Artist communities love to bullshit each other and glad-hand one another, and there's no room for the crippling honesty of comedy."I'm a painter" -- well... you don't...probably need to do that.. . . if you're painting something that doesn't exist, I understand that, I can appreciate- . . . but if your pain- 'oh, it's a barnyard scene in autumn'--well then just take a picture of a barn in autumn! It's way better than a painting! - Before Turning the Gun on Himself [2012]
Laini Taylor, Night of Cake & Puppets|Lauren realizes right then that the prospect of being single—of recent events leading to a divorce and her being a single mother with child support checks and the like—scares her to death. Dating itself is such a frightening, vulnerable time period, no matter what the circumstances. It sucks, really. She doesn’t want to go through all that again.
Ted Sarandos|Men are taught that if we are not the ultimate provider, we are a complete failure. We have to be number one in everything we do. There is nothing more delusional or paralysing than what I have just described.
John duover, Rites|If we had met five years ago, you wouldn't have found a more staunch defender of the newspaper industry than me ... I was winning awards, getting raises, lecturing college classes, appearing on TV shows, and judging journalism contests. So how could I possibly agree with people like Noam Chomsky and Ben Bagdikian, who were claiming the system didn't work, that it was steered by powerful special interests and corporations, and existed to protect the power elite? And then I wrote some stories that made me realize how sadly misplaced my bliss had been. The reason I'd enjoyed such smooth sailing for so long hadn't been, as I'd assumed, because I was careful and diligent and good at my job ... The truth was that, in all those years, I hadn't written anything important enough to suppress ...
Debasish Mridha|People who are loving are kind, and those who are kind become beloved.
Anne Lamott, Bird by Bird: Some Instructions on Writing and Life|There may be a Nurse Ratched-like listing of things that must be done right this moment: foods that must come out of the freezer, appointments that must be canceled or made, hairs that must be tweezed. But you hold an imaginary gun to your head and make yourself stay at the desk.
Freedom Goodbird|Mankind is a melody, every being around you is a note you have to mix in the right order in your life
Michael Grant, Light (Gone Series, #6)|You didn't make me responsible. You don't have that power. This"—he held up his hands, and light glowed from his palms—"this made me responsible. Having power made me responsible. I had the power and you had the brains. So we were chosen. That's the way it works, isn't it? People who can have to help those who can't. The strong defend the weak from the strong. I don't think you invented that, Astrid; all you did was make me see it. Well, I see it. There it is. The FAYZ gave me this light, and the FAYZ made it necessary. And now the light isn't helping, is it? Now that monster is going to walk into town and kill people I care about and people I love. (Chapter Twenty-Six | 2 Hours, 56 Minutes)
Evan Sutter, Solitude: How Doing Nothing Can Change the World|When you don't know yourself, who you are and what you want, you just become a product of your environment - a leaf that gets blown each and every way until it just lands, in a big pile of mud, and gets stuck.
Chanda Hahn, The Silver Siren|One down, forever to go,” I whispered back.
Melina Marchetta, Saving Francesca|The people I'm stuck with in my life now aren't sucking the life out of me, they just suck.
Sigmund Freud|Most of your innovation is hiding in plain sight, you are institutionally blinded by your legacy systems and culture.
Elizabeth Esty|I took on pension reform, health care reform, and leave reform - all of those tough issues that so many elected officials prefer to kick down the road to the next generation. But that's not who I am. I am not persuaded by what is politically popular but what is best for the citizens of Baltimore.
Laura Kinsale, Flowers from the Storm|He didn’t reckon that God owed him anything. He reckoned that he’d had it all, and wasted it. Burning lakes and howling fiends had just never seemed that convincing, perils hardly fit to frighten naughty children.He turned over, staring up at the darkess.Damned…having found out now what hell was really like.
Jacquelyn Ayres, Under Contract|Sadly, I have to admit, my timing sucks. Not the best - or most romantic - idea to tell your woman "I love you" for the first time whilst impaling the crap out of her.
Courtney Milan, The Suffragette Scandal|She wagged a finger at him. “You’re mispronouncing that word.”  “Your pardon?” He groped, trying to remember what he’d said. “Suffragette? How does one pronounce it, then?”  “Suffragette,” she said, “is pronounced with an exclamation point at the end. Like this: ‘Huzzah! Suffragettes!
Clive Barker, The Scarlet Gospels|Men. Young men. Legal age, mind you. But young nonetheless. And it’s not what you think. When we meet, we make … magic.
Daniel Wallace|It would be better for us to have some doubts in an honest pursuit of truth, than it would be for us to be certain about something that was not true.	
Robert J. Braathe|If you aren't going out for business, you may go out of business.
Confucius, The Analects|Worthy admonitions cannot fail to inspire us, but what matters is changing ourselves. Reverent advice cannot fail to encourage us, but what matters is acting on it. Encouraged without acting, inspired without changing – there’s nothing to be done for such people.
Gina Greenlee, The Whole Person Guide to Your First Marathon: A Mind Body Spirit Companion|Unless you have thecourage to say ‘no’ tothe things you don’t want,it’s hard to say ‘yes’ tothe things that you do want.
Debasish Mridha|Happiness is there when your dreams, hopes, and desires are compatible with your actions.
Laura Antoniou, The Slave|I'm going to give you pleasure so good you'll forget your name... You're going to think my name is Yes, God Yes, or Fuck Yes.
Shannon L. Alder|God doesn't call us to mediocrity. He calls us to a greater standard that doesn't teach us to tear people down to reach him, but to lift others up. Be the type of person that when people walk away from you, they know who you represent!
Dawn Gluskin|You are beautiful and magical and perfect, especially because of your flaws. Those cracks are what let the light in, baby.
Sherry Turkle, Alone Together: Why We Expect More from Technology and Less from Each Other|Eric Erikson writes that in their search for identity, adolescents need a place of stillness, a place to gather themselves.
Chrys Fey|T[he rules of writing] require that the personages in a tale shall be alive, except in the case of corpses, and that always the reader shall be able to tell the corpses from the others.
Kim Wilkins, Unclaimed Heart|He smiled. He liked to imagine that she saw the beauty, that she could think outside the well-worn tracks of her countrymen, find something to like about this unsophisticated place. Because that just might mean she could find something to like about him.
Dan Garfat-Pratt, Citations: A Brief Anthology|Then there is the cosmologist, who views himself as nothing but a manipulation of atoms; his mind configured out of randomness into the tool a vast, blind universe might use to perceive itself. If this is so then truly "all is vanity". What could be more pleasing to the cosmic narcissist than to gaze eternally with a billion eyes into the mirror that is himself? What fault, however, if certain eyes ultimately don’t like what they see?
Heather Avis, The Lucky Few: Finding God's Best in the Most Unlikely Places|Today I'm aware of all the times I have said no to opportunities God has placed before me because I think I'm not rich enough, equipped enough, talented enough, strong enough, or crazy enough to say yes. All the times I have mistaken good things for bad. All the times I have allowed the opinions of an ignorant majority to guide my thinking instead of looking to Jesus and his heart in the matter. I wonder how many times we, his children, choose a comfortable no over a terrifying yes - the kind of yes that will lead us to the only place we should ever long to be: in the arms of Jesus.
Suki Waterhouse|I was feeling like a real misfit in middle school, but when I saw 'Wicked,' it made me feel really cool for being different... and you can carve that in stone!
T.S. Pettibone, Hatred Day|You'll regret that, Bourkan.
Jules de Goncourt, Journal des Goncourt, tome 2|After reading Edgar Allan Poe. Something the critics have not noticed: a new literary world pointing to the literature of the 20th Century. Scientific miracles, fables on the pattern A+ B, a clear-sighted, sickly literature. No more poetry but analytic fantasy. Something monomaniacal. Things playing a more important part than people; love giving away to deductions and other forms of ideas, style, subject and interest. The basis of the novel transferred from the heart to the head, from the passion to the idea, from the drama to the denouement.
Greg Graffin|Religion and ritual can be vehicles for entering stillness. It says in Psalm 46:10, 'Be still, and know that I am God.' But they are still just vehicles. The Buddha called his teaching a raft: You don't need to carry it around with you after you've crossed the river.
Kevin Spacey|Not everyone is fortunate enough to earn their living playing. But what draws people to art and artists is a desire to enjoy the propinquity of play. For it is the very freedom of the imagination. And what else were we born to do, but imagine freely?
Jim Butcher, Death Masks|How long have you been a Wiccan?''A what?''A pagan. A witch.''I'm not a witch,' I said, glancing out the door. 'I'm a wizard.'Sanya frowned. 'What is the difference?''Wizard has a Z'He looked at me blankly.'No one appreciates me.' I muttered.
Debasish Mridha|When we are non-judgmental and mindful, we find peace in the moment and the moment becomes blissful.
Anne Lamott|...[T]here should be a real sense of your imagination and your memories walking and woolgathering, tramping the hills, romping all over the place. Trust them. Don't look at your feet to see if you are doing it right. Just dance.
Nicole Krauss, The History of Love|When they write my obituary. Tomorrow. Or the next day. It will say, Leo Gursky is survived by an apartment full of shit
Magnus Nwagu Amudi|My brand new sandals are a little stiff, and I think they'll give me blisters. But I love them, so I'll probably wear them out.With cautious feet, we move forward. Today is the first step of our new lives.
T. Scott McLeod, All That Is Unspoken|Live on berries in a hollowed-out comet lit by artificial suns long enough, and you start to have delusions about achieving enlightenment.
Roxanne Gay|Oh, why did he slap her when she’s a widow, and that annoyed her even more. She said she should not have been slapped because she is a full human being, not because she doesn’t have a husband to speak for her.
Elton Trueblood, Abraham Lincoln: Lessons in Spiritual Leadership|Science, unlike theology, never leads to insanity.
Neil Gaiman, Neverwhere|A table for TONIGHT should certainly have been booked years before-perhaps, it was implied, by Richard's parents. A table for TONIGHT was impossible: if the pope, the prime minister, and the president of France arrived this evening without a confirmed reservation, even they would be turned out into the street with a continental jeer.
Rowan Coleman, Mommy by Mistake|Out in Saxe-Coburg Street she stood still for a moment and looked at the gardens. He kissed me, she thought. He made the move; I didn't. The thought was an overwhelming one and invested the everyday world about her, the world of the square, of trees, of people walking by, with a curious glow, a chiaroscuro which made everything precious. It was the feeling, she imagined, that one had when one vouchsafed a vision. Everything is changed, becomes more blessed, making the humblest of surroundings a holy place.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|There could be something wrong with me because I see Negroes neither better nor worse than any other race. Race pride is a luxury I cannot afford. There are too many implications bend the term. Now, suppose a Negro does something really magnificent, and I glory, not in the benefit to mankind, but the fact that the doer was a Negro. Must I not also go hang my head in shame when a member of my race does something execrable? If I glory, then the obligation is laid upon me to blush also. I do glory when a Negro does something fine, I gloat because he or she has done a fine thing, but not because he was a Negro. That is incidental and accidental. It is the human achievement which I honor. I execrate a foul act of a Negro but again not on the grounds that the doer was a Negro, but because it was foul. A member of my race just happened to be the fouler of humanity. In other words, I know that I cannot accept responsibility for thirteen million people. Every tub must sit on its own bottom regardless. So 'Race Pride' in me had to go. And anyway, why should I be proud to be Negro? Why should anyone be proud to be white? Or yellow? Or red? After all, the word 'race' is a loose classification of physical characteristics. I tells nothing about the insides of people. Pointing a achievements tells nothing either. Races have never done anything. What seems race achievement is the work of individuals. The white race did not go into a laboratory and invent incandescent light. That was Edison. The Jews did not work out Relativity. That was Einstein. The Negros did not find out the inner secrets of peanuts and sweet potatoes, nor the secret of the development of the egg. That wad Carver and Just. If you are under the impression that every white man is Edison, just look around a bit. If you have the idea that every Negro is a Carver, you had better take off plenty of time to do your searching.
Jaeda DeWalt|I must stay alone and know that I am alone to contemplate and feel nature in full; I have to surrender myself to what encircles me, I have to merge with my clouds and rocks in order to be what I am. Solitude is indispensible for my dialogue with nature.
Elbert Guillory|What did “good government” really mean? Langlie and his brotherhood promised an end to political corruption. (There’s no evidence that Langlie ever even took a drink, much less a bribe.) The days of “honest graft” were over, at least for a while. But seen from another perspective—that of ordinary citizens without access to Langlie and Abram’s elite network—Langlie didn’t so much end corruption as legalize it. Langlie wasn’t opposed to a government organized around the interests of the greedy; he just didn’t want to have to break the law to serve them.
Kathy Hepinstall, Blue Asylum|They had engaged in what could not be called treatment or even discussion, but open combat, the two of them a microcosm of the great war raging in the far distance: one side that desired autonomy, and the other that took independence as a sign of madness.
Bill Goldberg|The new age of terrorism isn't on the battlefield: it's in your own backyard. Whether it's at a concert in France or a restaurant in the United States, terrorism doesn't have to happen in a military installation by any stretch of the imagination.
Anna Pavlova|When a small child, I thought that success spelled happiness. I was wrong, happiness is like a butterfly which appears and delights us for one brief moment, but soon flits away. 
Gregg Korrol|Until the lion learns how to write, every story will glorify the hunter.
Riley Redgate, Noteworthy|There was something alienating about being on scholarship, a tense mixture of gratefulness and otherness. You're talented, the money said, and we want you here. Still, it had the twang of You were, are, and always will be different.
Stephen R. Covey, The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People: Powerful Lessons in Personal Change|It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.
Oscar Bimpong|I can text in complete sentences. Oh, yeah, it’s a skill.” He smiled, proud of his accomplishments. “And, thanks to my mom being a competitive dancer as a teen, I know how to do the Lindy hop and the jitterbug.”I sat bolt upright, and Akinli rolled his eyes.“I swear, if you tell me you can jitterbug, I’m going to . . . I don’t even know. Set something on fire. No one can dance like that.”I pursed my lips and dusted off my shoulder, a thing I’d seen Elizabeth do when she was bragging.As if he was accepting a challenge, he shrugged off his backpack and stood, holding out a hand for me.I took it and positioned myself in front of him as he shook his head, grinning.“All right, we’ll take this slow. Five, six, seven, eight.”In unison, we rock stepped and triple stepped, falling into the rhythm in our head. After a minute, he got brave and swung me around, lining me up for those peppy kicks I loved so much.People walked by, pointing and laughing, but it was one of those moments when I knew we weren’t being mocked; we were being envied.We stepped on each other’s toes more than once, and after he accidentally knocked his head into my shoulder, he threw his hands up.“Unbelievable,” he said, almost as if he was complaining. “I can’t wait to tell my mom this. She’s gonna think I’m lying. All those years dancing in the kitchen thinking I was special, and then I run across a master.
Kiera Cass, The Selection|You get confused by crying women, I get confused by walks with princes.
Chuck Palahniuk, Invisible Monsters Remix|The sky was almost black and then it started hailing. It was so beautiful and scary, I wondered about the science of storms and how sometimes it seemed that a storm wanted to break the world and how the world refused to break.
Juliet Daniel|Life without death simply isn't life, but death
Donald Rumsfeld|Reports that say that something hasn't happened are always interesting to me, because as we know, there are known knowns; there are things we know we know. We also know there are known unknowns; that is to say we know there are some things we do not know. But there are also unknown unknowns- the ones we don't know we don't know.
Jim Costa|As a governor, I am naturally inclined to focus on the domestic side of protecting the United States.
Raphael Zernoff, I Am|Lilies used to be a movie theatre, before. Students went there a lot; every spring they had a Humphrey Bogart festival, with Lauren Bacall or Katherine Hepburn, women on their own, making up their minds. They wore blouses with buttons down the front that suggested the possibilities of the word 'undone'. These women could not be undone; or not. They seemed to be able to choose.
Douglas Adams, The Original Hitchhiker Radio Scripts|What to do if you find yourself stuck in a crack in the ground underneath a giant boulder you can't move, with no hope of rescue. Consider how lucky you are that life has been good to you so far. Alternatively, if life hasn't been good to you so far, which given your current circumstances seems more likely, consider how lucky you are that it won't be troubling you much longer.
Ashutosh Gupta, The Constituents of Virtue|Art is neither a muscle nor a cure for ugliness. Ugliness has its own reasons and convictions to stay here. Art has a patience of a civilized, patience to withhold the gentleness of the civilization.
Paul Craig Roberts|Fess up, 'Hunger Games' fans: Does anyone care about Peeta or find him attractive? He's the Ron Weasley of the series: he gets points for callow valor and sympathy for his run of bad luck, but he remains a pasty, earnest bore.
Mike Doughty|It's tragic that extremists co-opt the notion of God, and that hipsters and artists reject spirituality out of hand. I don't have a fixed idea of God. But I feel that it's us - the messed-up, the half-crazy, the burning, the questing - that need God, a lot more than the goody-two-shoes do.
James     Martin, The Jesuit Guide to (Almost) Everything: A Spirituality for Real Life|Due to previous lack of systematic assessment of dissociative symptoms, many subjects experience the SCID-D as their first opportunity to describe their symptoms in their own words to a receptive listener.
Taylor Swift, Taylor Swift: Speak Now|Promise me this, that you'll stand by me forever. But if God forbid Fate should step in and force us into a goodbye. If you have children someday, when they point to the pictures please tell them my name. Tell them how the crowd went wild, tell them how I hope they shine.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|More often than not, the foolishness of our humanity drives us to destroy the very things that we need to keep ourselves from destroying ourselves. And because that’s the case, God will never allow us to destroy Christmas.
Gore Vidal, The City and the Pillar|Ideally, of course, a relationship is best, but then how many people are capable of deep feeling? Practically none.
Stewart Alsop|You can't be scared of death. When that time comes, it comes.
Daniel Suarez|To bring out a new technology for consumers first, you just had a very long road to go down to try to find people who actually would pay money for something.
Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility|And here is my sweet little Annamaria,’ she added, tenderly caressing a little girl of three years old, who had not made a noise for the last two minutes; ‘And she is always so gentle and quiet—Never was there such a quiet little thing!’ But unfortunately in bestowing these embraces, a pin in her ladyship’s head dress slightly scratching the child’s neck, produced from this pattern of gentleness such violent screams, as could hardly be outdone by any creature professedly noisy. The mother’s consternation was excessive; but it could not surpass the alarm of the Miss Steeles, and every thing was done by all three, in so critical an emergency, which affection could suggest as likely to assuage the agonies of the little sufferer. She was seated in her mother’s lap, covered with kisses, her wound bathed with lavender-water, by one of the Miss Steeles, who was on her knees to attend her, and her mouth stuffed with sugar plums by the other. With such a reward for her tears, the child was too wise to cease crying.
Sophie Kinsella, Confessions of a Shopaholic|I love new clothes. If everyone could just wear new clothes everyday, I reckon depression wouldn’t exist anymore.
Joe Slovo|We were doing it under the most extraordinary circumstances, but the first out of the tent in the morning would be David Lean. He said to me on the very first day of shooting, Pete, this is the beginning of a great adventure.
Morgan Tang|Friendship isn't partying with a group of people to get drunk or chatting with him/her once a week, it's exactly the opposite. Friends make sure you get home safely and they help you when you need it, no matter the scenario. They don't care about what clothes you wear or what you look like, and they don't last for a day. Real friends are more interested in what direction your life is headed rather than your popularity. They care about what you have to say and how you feel, and once you meet this person you'll know it without having to think twice.
Enoch Powell|It sounded so weird when people called shoyu "soy sauce." It made it sound like Tabasco or something instead of the clean and perfect thing that it was.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Eena, The Tempter's Snare|Don't ever give up. Don't ever give in. Don't ever stop trying. Don't ever sell out. And if you find yourself succumbing to one of the above for a brief moment, pick yourself up, brush yourself off, whisper a prayer, and start where you left off.But never, ever, ever give up.
Winston S. Churchill|This is no war of chieftains or of princes, of dynasties or national ambition; it is a war of peoples and of causes. There are vast numbers, not only in this Island but in every land, who will render faithful service in this war, but whose names will never be known, whose deeds will never be recorded. This is a War of the Unknown Warriors
Jocelyn White, The Ezekiel Experience|Yet I can’t bring myself to derail from her nor can I reject what I feel in the most primitive parts of me: hope. Because that’s what I feel with her, hope that the world can get better. Hope that a normal life can exist someday.
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|Let's get one thing clear right now, shall we? There is no Idea Dump, no Story Central, no Island of the Buried Bestsellers; good story ideas seem to come quite literally from nowhere, sailing at you right out of the empty sky: two previously unrelated ideas come together and make something new under the sun. Your job isn't to find these ideas but to recognize them when they show up.
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|Reading takes time, and the glass teat takes too much of it.
George Berkeley|Everything that is bad, the falling sickness - God save the mark - or the like, should be at its worst at the full moon. I suppose because it is the leader of the stars.
Robert Gately|We live by the golden rule “do unto others as you would have them do unto you”. That phrase, unfortunately, falls short of our true ability to love and be loved. I think the best thing I can expect of any society is for its citizens to examine the most precious individual of their lot, one who they would protect with their lives and gladly die if needs be, and ask themselves, ‘how do we want others to treat this precious individual?’, the answer to which is how we would behave towards others. … This, for all practical intent, is my new golden rule. From Fillossofee: Messages from a Grandfather, by Robert Gately
Andrea Lochen, The Repeat Year|Fanfare for the MakersA cloud of witnesses. To whom? To what?To the small fire that never leaves the sky.To the great fire that boils the daily pot.To all the things we are not remembered by,Which we remember and bless. To all the thingsThat will not notice when we die,Yet lend the passing moment words and wings.So fanfare for the Makers: who composeA book of words or deeds who runs may writeAs many who do run, as a family growsAt times like sunflowers turning towards the light.As sometimes in the blackout and the raidsOne joke composed an island in the night.As sometimes one man’s kindness pervadesA room or house or village, as sometimesMerely to tighten screws or sharpen bladesCan catch a meaning, as to hear the chimesAt midnight means to share them, as one manIn old age plants an avenue of limesAnd before they bloom can smell them, before they spanThe road can walk beneath the perfected arch,The merest greenprint when the lives beganOf those who walk there with him, as in defaultOf coffee men grind acorns, as in despiteOf all assaults conscripts counter assault,As mothers sit up late night after nightMoulding a life, as miners day by dayDescend blind shafts, as a boy may flaunt his kiteIn an empty nonchalant sky, as anglers playTheir fish, as workers work and can take prideIn spending sweat before they draw their pay.As horsemen fashion horses while they ride,As climbers climb a peak because it is there,As life can be confirmed even in suicide:To make is such. Let us make. And set the weather fair.Louis Macneice
Guillermo Cabrera Infante|I believe that writers, unless they consider themselves terribly exquisite, are at heart people who live by night, a little bit outside society, moving between delinquency and conformity.
Steve Maraboli|When you are deeply in love,. even the smallest thing can hurt u like hell and break u into pieces...
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|The new industries are brainy industries and so-called knowledge workers tend to like to be near other people who are the same. Think of the City of Hollywood. People cluster. This means you have winning regions, such as London and Cambridge, and losing regions. The people who want to be top lawyers in Sunderland are hoovered up by London.
Niklas Zennstrom|We can do things that we never could before. Stop-motion lets you build tiny little worlds, and computers make that world even more believable.
Pamela Moore, Chocolates for Breakfast|Oh, Al, shut up! Stop criticizing me! First I'm criticized for being a prude and sounding like a social worker or something, then I'm criticized for looking like a cheap broad. How am I supposed to live? Under the water or something, coming up only to say 'I beg your pardon if I disturb you by coming up for air. I'll do my best to remain submerged.
William Strunk Jr.|Do not, therefore, say "I feel nauseous," unless you are sure you have that effect on others.
Haniel Long|So much of what is best in us is bound up in our love of family, that it remains the measure of our stability because it measures our sense of loyalty.
Deepak Ranjan, Nights of the Velvet: A Conditional Dream|People say that Paris is the city of love, but for Raia, New York deserves the title more. It's imposible not to fall in love with the city like it's almost impossible not to fall in love in the city
Danica McKellar|I love stories with love in them. I just prefer those films. Every so often, I come across a film where there's no love story. It doesn't have to be romantic, but there's a lack of love, and I don't get that.
Matt Haig, Reasons to Stay Alive|We are all echoes of each other. We are all humans and feel both despair and happiness. Our similarities, as a species, are staggering. And our mental fragility is directly tied up with our humanity. We have nothing to be ashamed of in being human, any more than a tree should be ashamed of having branches. Let’s accept our own nature. Let’s be kind to ourselves and to each other. Let’s never add to the pain by blaming ourselves. We are all so weird that, really, none of us are. There are seven billion versions of strange on this freak wonder of a planet. We are all part of that. All freaks. All wonderful.
Kamand Kojouri|Because at nightwhen others are sleeping, I drown myself in poetry.
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|I believe the first draft of a book — even a long one — should take no more than three months…Any longer and — for me, at least — the story begins to take on an odd foreign feel, like a dispatch from the Romanian Department of Public Affairs, or something broadcast on high-band shortwave duiring a period of severe sunspot activity.
Rivka Galchen, American Innovations: Stories|They say no one reads anymore, but I find that's not the case. Prisoners read. I guess they're not given much access to computers. A felicitous injustice for me. The nicest reader letters I've receivedâ€“ also the only reader letters I've receivedâ€“ have come from prisoners. Maybe we're all prisoners? In our lives, our habits, our relationships?
J.G. Ballard, The Atrocity Exhibition|...reason rationalizes reality for him (Dr. Nathan) as it does for the rest of us, in the Freudian sense of providing a more palatable or convenient explanation, and there are so many subjects about which we should not be reasonable.
Erma I Talamante|The worst prisons were not constructed of warped steel and stone. They were carved out of expectations and lies, judgment and corruption.
Brad Alan Lewis, Assault on Lake Casitas|Pain? Yes, of course. Racing without pain is not racing. But the pleasure of being ahead outweighed the pain a million times over. To hell with the pain. What's six minutes of pain compared to the pain they're going to feel for the next six months or six decades. You never forget your wins and losses in this sport. YOU NEVER FORGET.
Lois Lowry, The Giver|Just then, just when I thought I would be free from the repeated blows to my tender head of the Stupidity Hammer, the Stupidity Hammer rose up from the shining screen, drew back, whirled hugely, and with great force and might and main slammed me right between the eyes so my brain squirted out my ears a yard past my shoulders in both directions. 	Bilbo does not seal the barrels. 	I will wait for you to recover in case you just got the sensation of a Stupidity Hammer clonking you from the page. Then I will repeat myself, because it is so dumb you might not believe me: 	Bilbo does not seal the barrels. He leaves the tops open. -- The Desolation of Tolkien
W.B. Yeats|If your not annoying somebody, you're not alive.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The devil is alive and kicking. But if you are in Christ and follow the rules of daily Bible study, prayer, and witnessing, he has no power over you.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Successful marriage hinges on the application of knowledge - knowing and understanding God's principles not the exchange of love.. Brother you can be in love all you want but that doesn't make the woman the right person. Same with ladues, you can be head over heels with him but that doesn't make him the right husband.In all your getting, get knowledge and understanding.
Dana Arcuri, Harvest of Hope: Living Victoriously Through Adversity, A 50-Day Devotional|Today, I challenge you to pay it forward. You don't need to save a village—only one lost soul. Be the reflection of Christ and shine His light. The cost is little, but the reward is rich.
Stephanie Grace Whitson|You need to have a WhyHaving a “Why” whatever it is, becomes food. It makes your dreams become more urgent.
Jessica Pan, Graduates in Wonderland: The International Misadventures of Two (Almost) Adults|Dear Miss Tremor. You are smart and kind and pretty. I think you have really excellent stuff under your clothes and I would like to see it, please. Let's go on a date and get married and you can be my rodent queen in my castle in the sewer. Love always and forever, --Mouse. P.S. I am sorry my rats ate some of your candy.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With great inspiration, every man can reach their highest potential.
David Mathis, Habits of Grace: Enjoying Jesus through the Spiritual Disciplines|…Take every word as spoken to yourself, with this essential anchor in place: Seek to understand first how God’s words fell on the original hearers, and how they relate to Jesus’ person and work, and then bring them home to yourself.
Walter M. Miller Jr., A Canticle for Leibowitz|Perhaps in his loneliness he had acquired the silent conviction that he was 'the last', the one, the only. And, being the last, he ceased to be Benjamin, becoming Israel. And upon his heart had settled the history of five thousand years, no longer remote, but become as the history of his own lifetime. His "I" was the converse of the imperial "We.
Sonia Rumzi|Work on your character, let life fall into place.
André Spicer, Guilty lives: The authenticity trap at work|one of the central themes associated with developing a sense of authenticity involves inventing plausible narratives of self. For instance, Charles Taylor (1992) argues that the modern desire for authenticity is often prompted by a feeling that our life is shattered and it is difficult, if not impossible, to piece our life together in a meaningful way. He suggests that reclaiming authenticity would entail the provision of a space where we can once again craft coherent narratives that bind our life together.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|Their heartbeats fought each other, a mess of rhythm. Liesel tried to eat hers down. The taste of heart was not too cheerful.
Nancy Grace|I had the honor to meet Nelson Mandela, and I heard him explain his forgiveness of his captors of 27 years by saying hatred and bitterness is destructive - the power is in love and forgiveness.
Michael Cudlitz|If no one ever took risks, Michaelangelo would have painted the Sistine floor.
Anuranjita Kumar, Can I have it all?|Believe in yourself, take a bet on yourself. If you don't, then who will?
Giacomo Casanova|Be the flame, not the moth.
Tommy Cooper|You know, somebody actually complimented me on my driving today. They left a little note on the windscreen, it said 'Parking Fine.
Jimmy Carr|All that a husband or wife really wants is to be pitied a little, praised a little, and appreciated a little.
Edward Bach|If you can't admit a failure, you're not an entrepreneur. You are not a good business person. There's nothing brilliant about what you are doing.
Vladimir Nabokov, Lolita|Don't cry, I'm sorry to have deceived you so much, but that's how life is.
Christopher Dines, The Kindness Habit: Transforming our Relationship to Addictive Behaviours|Drug and alcohol addiction almost killed me. I was a grave substance misuser in my teens. I started drinking at ten, smoking at eleven and by the time I attended high school aged twelve, I was regularly smoking marijuana and drinking alcohol on weekends. I was a full-blown alcoholic at thirteen. Tragically, I had my stomach pumped at fourteen and although I promised my family I would never drink again, I started less than two weeks later. I was completely hooked on alcohol.
Dada Bhagwan|One should not be obstinate even in worldly interaction. If you are obstinate with a ‘collector’, what will he do? He will throw you in jail. So then what will happen if you are obstinate with God? God won’t put you in jail, but his happiness upon you will break (will go away).
Sunday Adelaja|Life really could be an enjoyable experience, if we only knew what it demands of us.
E.A. Bucchianeri|If you cannot judge a book by its cover, surely we should not judge an author by one book alone?
Lailah Gifty Akita|The moment you awake ,you know the mystery of life.
Jim Rohn|The ultimate aim of the ego is not to see something, but to be something.
Pascal Mercier, Night Train to Lisbon|Each of us is several, is man, is a profusion of selves. So that the self who disdains his surroundings is not the same as the self who suffers or takes joy in them. In the colony of our being there are many species of people who think and feel in different ways.
Vladimir Nabokov|(T)here exist friendships which develop their own inner duration, their own eons of transparent time.
Martina Boone, Compulsion|I am thinking,’ he remarked quietly, ’whether I shall add to the disorder in this room, by scattering your brains about the fireplace.
James Levine|You should have mechanisms of communication, like faxes, which are obviously getting removed from offices because nobody uses them anymore. Faxes are great when e-mail doesn't work. I wouldn't be throwing them away.
Susan Sontag, As Consciousness is Harnessed to Flesh: Journals and Notebooks, 1964-1980|Can I love someone...and still think/fly? Love is flying, sown, floating. Thought is solitary flight, beating wings.
Marcus J. Borg, Speaking Christian: Why Christian Words Have Lost Their Meaning and Power - And How They Can Be Restored|Many programmers would prefer to mock in their client library specs, but doing so could result in the service and client passing all specs with hidden failures.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you look to money for happiness, you will be disappointed; to power, you will be disillusioned; to honor, you will be dissatisfied; to others, you will be disenchanted; but if you look to God, you will be fulfilled.
Francesca Zappia, Made You Up|Did you meet your soul mate? That always happens on the first day of school, right?''Oh God, Charlie, she's letting you read again! You went straight to the paranormal section, didn't you?
Mary Ellen Mark|Acting is not about anything romantic, not even fantasy, although you do create fantasy.
Jake Byrne, First and Goal|He who aspires to divine realities willingly allows providence to lead him by principle of wisdom toward the grace of deification. He who does not so aspire is drawn, by the just judgement of God and against his will, away from evil by various forms of discipline. The first, as a lover of God, is deified by providence; the second, although a lover of matter, is held back from perdition by God's judgement. For since God is goodness itself, he heals those who desire it through the principles of wisdom, and through various forms of discipline cures those who are sluggish in virtue.
Nathan McCall, Them|A man don't always have to eat what he's standing life. If he wants, a man can fix a meal of his own choosing.
Kid Cudi|If I took the 40 years of my dad talking to me about war and battles and taking me to battlefields and distilled it down into one question, it would probably be the idea of the necessary or unnecessary war.
Jessi Kirby, Golden|Life's too short to play it safe sometimes. (If he feels something special about Emma, he should go for it.)
Sanober  Khan, A touch, a tear, a tempest|let me diefrom having being drunk onindigo skies, my liver...overflowing with stars.
Debasish Mridha|Happiness is the fragrance, not the fruit of an action.
Jesus Christ|You're not looking for perfection in your partner. Perfection is all about the ego. With soulmate love, you know that true love is what happens when disappointment sets in - and you're willing to deal maturely with these disappointments.
Alan Paton, Cry, the Beloved Country|	— This world is full of trouble, umfundisi.—	Who knows it better?—	Yet you believe?	Kumalo looked at him under the light of the lamp. I believe, he said, but I have learned that it is a secret. Pain and suffering, they are a secret. Kindness and love, they are a secret. But I have learned that kindness and love can pay for pain and suffering. There is my wife, and you, my friend, and these people who welcomed me, and the child who is so eager to be with us here in Ndotsheni – so in my suffering I can believe.— I have never thought that a Christian would be free of suffering, umfundisi. For our Lord suffered. And I come to believe that he suffered, not to save us from suffering, but to teach us how to bear suffering. For he knew that there is no life without suffering.Kumalo looked at his friend with joy. You are a preacher, he said.
Charlie Fletcher, Silvertongue|We oft know little of who we were, only something of who we are, and nothing of who we may be.
Malcolm X|Many of us do not continue to grow spiritually because we prefer to choose on the basis of our rights, instead of relying on God to make the choice for us.
Fakeer Ishavardas|If you're still living, you are yet! winning.
Kathy Kulig|It was damn hard leaving you,” he said. “I was afraid that if I didn’t, you’d be killed or tortured, or we both would.”-Kathy Kulig, Red Tape
Paullina Simons, The Bronze Horseman|I'm not hungry," Alexander whispered. "I'm famished. Watch out for me. Now, don't make a single sound," he said, moving on top of her. "Tania, God....I'll cover your mouth, just like this, and you hold on to me, just like this, and I'm going to-just like this-
Sabrynne McLain|This was a characteroloical prelude, but it wasn’t chemical or somatic. It was the anatomy of melancholy, not the anatomy of his brain.
Joan Bauer|A lively discussion is usually helpful, because the hottest fire makes the hardest steel.
Richelle E. Goodrich, The Tarishe Curse|Never believe you're so great or important, so right or proud, that you cannot kneel at the feet of someone you hurt and offer a humble, sincere apology.
Ruth McLeod-Kearns, Blood Mother|The morning was brisk and the coffee was hot and roasted with little gurgles in the room. Rosie hadn’t moved, but she let out a tiny snore every now and again that made everything perfect.
Andrew J. Bernstein|Despite Arizona's remarkable growth in recent years, we have met the current federal health standards for ozone pollution and the Environmental Protection Agency recently approved our dust control plan.
Jon Ronson, So You've Been Publicly Shamed|On the internet skin colour can not be seen, we are all one in this new dimension.
Mark  Jackman, Shadow of the Badger|The Butcher of Babylon featured in over 500 porn films between 1974 and 1982, and was best known for his motto: Come for the butcher, stay for the meat.
David J. Pollay, The Law of the Garbage Truck: How to Respond to People Who Dump on You, and How to Stop Dumping on Others|Many people are like garbage trucks. They run around full of garbage, full of frustration, full of anger, and full of disappointment. As their garbage piles up, they look for a place to dump it. And if you let them, they’ll dump it on you. So when someone wants to dump on you, don’t take it personally. Just smile, wave, wish them well, and move on. Believe me. You’ll be happier.
Eileen Anglin|Our soul longs to be of service in some way. It's why we are here. If you weren't meant to touch the world in some way, you wouldn't be here.What act of service calls to you? Even the smallest thing has an effect in eternity.
Will Herberg, Judaism and Modern Man - An Interpretation of Jewish Religion|The late 1920s were an age of islands, real and metaphorical. They were an age when Americans by thousands and tens of thousands were scheming to take the next boat for the South Seas or the West Indies, or better still for Paris, from which they could scatter to Majorca, Corsica, Capri or the isles of Greece. Paris itself was a modern city that seemed islanded in the past, and there were island countries, like Mexico, where Americans could feel that they had escaped from everything that oppressed them in a business civilization. Or without leaving home they could build themselves private islands of art or philosophy; or else - and this was a frequent solution - they could create social islands in the shadow of the skyscrapers, groups of close friends among whom they could live as unconstrainedly as in a Polynesian valley, live without moral scruples or modern conveniences, live in the pure moment, live gaily on gin and love and two lamb chops broiled over a coal fire in the grate. That was part of the Greenwich Village idea, and soon it was being copied in Boston, San Francisco, everywhere.
C.G. Jung|Astrology is assured of recognition from psychology, without further restrictions, because astrology represents the summation of all the psychological knowledge of antiquity.
Tom Clancy|After a sharp inward struggle, he concluded to stay and see it out. He should despise himself, more than he cared to face, if he gave in now.
Trevor Noah, Born a Crime: Stories From a South African Childhood|The hood is also a low-stress, comfortable life. All your mental energy goes into getting by, so you don’t have to ask yourself any of the big questions. Who am I? Who am I supposed to be? Am I doing enough? In the hood you can be a forty-year-old man living in your mom’s house asking people for money and it’s not looked down on. You never feel like a failure in the hood, because someone’s always worse off than you, and you don’t feel like you need to do more, because the biggest success isn’t that much higher than you, either. It allows you to exist in a state of suspended animation.
Janet G. Nestor|Love can flow like the river, fly with the bird, sing with the crickets at night. It is in the energy of the river, the flight of the bird, the song from the cricket. There is nowhere where love is not.
Lawrence M. Krauss, The Greatest Story Ever Told--So Far: Why Are We Here?|For most people, the central questions of existence ultimately come down to transcendental ones: Why is there a universe at all? Why are we here?Whatever presumptions one might bring to the question "Why?," if we understand the "how" better, "why" will come into sharper focus.
Lucian Bane, Beg For Mercy|The only place the broken past has in our present, is the place we give it.
Wayne Gretzky|I skate to where the puck is going to be, not where it has been.
Barbara Pym, Excellent Women|When virtue has slept, it will arise again all the fresher.
Annie Dillard|Life was simple before World War II. After that, we had systems.
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|The only true, unchallenged, and un-legalized free-will we have is internal.
Haoran Meng|. . . Like ashes of gold in a cinnamon-flame,My youthful desires have been burnt with the years– And tonight in the chilling sunset-windA cicada, singing, weighs on my heart.
Sesan Kareem|A man can be richer than Solomon, the richest man that ever lived on our planet earth, or he may be greater than Alexander the Great, the greatest man in history. His name may be felt from the east where the sun rises to the west where it sets. He may travel around the world just like Dhul-Qarnain. Yet, he can still be a loser if he exempts God from his life.
J. Lynn, Be with Me|Speaking of body decorations, I luuhhhvv your belly piercing!” Heeb said, looking at the gold ring in the center of her slim, tan waist. Despite the artic cold, Angelina had opted for a skin tight, black tube top that ended just above her belly, on the assumption that a warm cab, a winter coat, and a short wait to get into the club was an adequate frosty weather strategy. Heeb was still reverently staring at her belly when Angelina finally caught her breath from laughing.“Do you really like it? You’re just saying that so that you can check out my belly!”“And what’s so bad about that? I mean, didn’t you get that belly piercing so that people would check out your belly?”“No. I just thought it would look cool…Do you have any piercings?”“Actually, I do,” Heeb replied.“Where?”“My appendix.”“Huh?”“I wanted to be the first guy with a pierced organ. And the appendix is a totally useless organ anyway, so I figured why the hell not?”“That’s pretty original,” she replied, amused.“Oh yeah. I’ve outdone every piercing fanatic out there. The only problem is when I have to go through metal detectors at the airport.”Angelina burst into laughs again, and then managed to say, “Don’t you have to take it out occasionally for a cleaning?”“Nah. I figure I’ll just get it removed when my appendix bursts. It’ll be a two for one operation, if you know what I mean.
Benjamin M. Strozykowski, Psychic Skin Volume 2|How simple death without weapons was. How safe for the killer.("Mind Over Murder")
Chuck Palahniuk, Lullaby|After long enough, everyone in the world will be you enemy.
Christine Woodcock, The Evolution of Us: Portraits of Mothers and Their Changing Roles|You are not yourself in autobiography. It is never going to be you, it is only words on a page. Memories are unreliable, so adding the magic of imagination will make your story come alive.
Aurobindo Sri|You may not be the smartest, or the fastest, or the most talented. But you CAN work the hardest.
Elsa Maxwell|Look at all the buses now that want exact change, exact change. I figure if I give them exact change, they should take me exactly where I want to go.
Rick Pitino|Poetry is simply the most beautiful, impressive, and widely effective mode of saying things.
Cynthia D. Witherspoon, Downfall|If he loved me, he couldn't kill me.
Lemony Snicket, The Slippery Slope|For Beatrice, when we first met, I was lonely, and you were pretty.Now I am pretty lonely.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|But she knew that no matter what beauty lay behind, it must remain there. No one could go forward with a load of aching memories.
Pamela Druckerman, Bringing Up Bébé: One American Mother Discovers the Wisdom of French Parenting|Awakening is about introducing a child to sensory experiences, including tastes. It doesn't always require the parent's active involvement. It can come from staring at the sky, smelling dinner as it's being prepared, or playing alone on a blanket. It's a way of sharpening the child's senses and preparing him to distinguish between different experiences. It's the first step toward teaching him to be a cultivated adult who knows how to enjoy himself. Awakening is a kind of training for children in how to profiter - to soak up the pleasure and richness of the moment.
Paul Murray, Skippy Dies|Never before in history had societies thought that such a set of high expectations about marriage was either realistic or desirable. Although many Europeans and Americans found tremendous joy in building their relationships around these values, the adoption of these unprecedented goals for marriage had unanticipated and revolutionary consequences that have since come to threaten the stability of the entire institution.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|If you lack open communication and honesty in your life – It’s time to look within. Are you someone who handles heavy, emotional, or tough information well or do you often get excessively agitated, upset, or depressed? My rule of thumb is that no topic ‘should’ ever be off limits with a loved one. That is the goal to work towards. The point being, if you’re easy to talk to, people will talk to you! If you’re not, then they won’t!
Tom Robbins, Tibetan Peach Pie: A True Account of an Imaginative Life|If I have been given any gift in this life, it’s my ability to live simultaneously in the rational world and the world of imagination.
Octavia Randolph, The Circle of Ceridwen|The dear girl, I fear, may be contemplating some alarming, disruptive perhaps dangerous project. In which case, I would naturally do all in my power to keep her from any such rash or foolhardy enterprise – unless she wished me to accompany her.
Katie Reus, Bound to Danger|Sin is the monster we love to deny. It can stalk us, bite a slice out of our lives, return again and again, and even as we bleed and hobble, we prefer to believe nothing has happened. In Jesus Christ we are forgiven and empowered to overcome sin...but toying with an animal that is actually toying with us is a sure way to lose part of ourselves.
Joan Walsh Anglund, The Friend We Have Not Met: Poems of Consolation|Farewell, my dearest. You have but gone ahead...but I shall follow, and run, at last, again into your arms...and laugh away the years that came between.
Missy Elliott|There can be no passion, and by consequence no love, where there is not imagination.
Isabel Hoving, The Dream Merchant|What's supposed to happen, at the end of a quest? Cheers and accolades, Josh knew; people throw their hats in the air, and you glow with pride as they lift you to their shoulders. What else? Medals, speeches and a great feast, and then a ballad about your exploits, and finally, as the fireworks go off overhead, a soft, clean, fresh bed.
Rashmi Bansal, Poor Little Rich Slum|Everyone loves a flawed hero. I don't want perfect people. I want people who have a story, have been through some shit, dance to their own beat and still make i work, not the fake-arsed posh fuck-wits who look down on us slightly geeky weird-but-cool entrepreneurs.
Lionel Fisher|Horace, like all dogs, heard dead-voices quite often, and sometimes saw their owners.
Roumaissa|Just because you're with someone, doesn't mean you're not alone.
Susan Block, The Bonobo Way|My nerves came back in full force. I'd thrown myself in the deep end, and, feeling like I had no idea how to swim, I had to get back to shore somehow. "I'm sorry," I whispered.
Kristine Grayson, Wickedly Charming|He must have seen her shock, because he said, "You can't defeat the power of the book. But you can make it work for you.
Stephanie Nielson|I finished the [blog] post reflecting on the fact that, despite all the changes in my life, maybe I wasn't so different after all. If I typed it, maybe I could believe it, too.
J.M.  Richards, Tall, Dark Streak of Lightning|Nice slippers,” Davin grinned. They were green and furry. “Thanks.” I shrugged and looked him over, half expecting to see a new injury. “So what’s up?” He had one hand behind his back.
Emily Giffin|I know that the problem isn't the dream per se. It was the way I felt afterward, once awake.
Matt Bevin|I believe forgiveness is possible for everybody, for everything, but I'm a Buddhist.
Esther Freud, Etchings|When all you see is darkness, turn to hope, and your heart will see the light.
Pink|Facts are many, but the truth is one.
Shelley Ramsey, Grief: A Mama's Unwanted Journey|As I lay in my bed unable to sleep I challenged Him: Pull out another miracle. Send him back. You can do that. You’re God. At that point in my grief, I envisioned how utterly fantastic it would be for others to see what a mighty and awesome God we serve. They could witness a modern-day miracle! I was convinced the only way for this to happen was for God to send Joseph back. It would be a win/win situation! Dozens would come to know Jesus—and —I’d have Joseph home in time for supper.
Sarah Kay, No Matter the Wreckage|The present is a great treasure, live in the present.
Diane von Furstenberg|I gravitate towards roles where women find strength in very difficult, uncompromising situations but maintain clarity in mind, discipline at heart, and a certain strength in spirit.
Abhijit Naskar, Biopsy of Religions: Neuroanalysis Towards Universal Tolerance|Whatever may be the position of science, whatever may be the position of philosophy, as long as there is such a thing as death in the world, as long as there is such a thing as weakness in the human heart, as long as the human heart sheds a drop of tear in weakness, there shall be a faith in God and divinity.
Tim Wise|If I have a thousand ideas and only one turns out to be good, I am satisfied.
Amunhotep El Bey, The Quotations Book of life and Death|I love with love, so that we all may love." ~ Amunhotep El Bey
Monica Bellucci|I absolutely love Ireland. It's one of the most beautiful places on Earth, and I have strong ties here. Both my grandmothers are from Ireland, and I have spent every summer in Bantry since my father, who is an artist, had the romantic idea 20 years ago to buy an old farmhouse on the west coast and renovate it.
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|This is Long Island, land of the rushed, home of the stressed.
Haidy Santos|Why do you want to read anyway – for the sake of amusement or mere erudition? Those are poor, fatuous pretexts. Reading should serve the goal of attaining peace; if it doesn’t make you peaceful, what good is it?
The Harvard Lampoon, Nightlight: A Parody|Aging gracefully - A that is rejected in 40s, but gracefully accepted in 50s...
Mango Wodzak, The Eden Fruitarian Guidebook|The best time to do anything, get drunk, surf, run, take a walk, gamble, make love, get high, watch a movie, read a book, is on a Monday, when everyone else is at work, as their depression will heighten your celebration, of not being them.
Tom DeLay|I'm pretty much a good Catholic girl at heart and I believe in family. I also have a basic belief that God takes care of me. I believe in prayer, even though I'm not that religious. I just have that foundation from my family. I mean when you think that you're just a human being and one of God's creatures, you can't take anything that seriously.
Sana Krasikov|The Bolshevik leaders perched atop the Mausoleum were no easier to tell apart than chess pawns. But Florence too was certain that she could recognise the twinkling eyes of Joseph Stalin, which looked down at her each workday from the oil painting above Timofeyev’s desk
Kuba Wojewódzki|I enjoy controlled loneliness. I like wandering around the city alone. I’m not afraid of coming back to an empty flat and lying down in an empty bed. I’m afraid of having no one to miss, of having no one to love.
Dada Bhagwan|Knowledge that brings closure [settlement] to the mind in every way is Absolute Knowledge and it indeed is the all encompassing Knowledge that always gives complete closure [settlement, solutions].
Mary Quant|When I won the Golden Gloves in 1960, that made me realize I had a chance. And when I won at the Olympics, that sealed it: I was the champ.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|When disappointment or tragedy or suffering strikes, we have a decision to make: Will we turn away from God, or will we turn toward Him? Which road will we take? One road leads to doubt, anger, bitterness, fear, hopelessness, and despair.The other leads to hope, comfort, peace, strength, and joy.
Kate Noble, Compromised|In that one, they'd done their darnedest to destroy Riley's Switch. This time, instead of two-by-fours and tire irons, they seemed a little more focused on choke holds and knees to the face. Their desire to be close to each other was sweet.
Don Ho|It is the union of independence and dependence of these branches - legislative, executive and judicial - and of the governmental functions possessed by each of them, that constitutes the marvellous genius of this unrivalled document.
Elisabeth Elliot, Shadow of the Almighty: The Life and Testament of Jim Elliot|Failure means nothing now, only that it taught me life.
Tanya Masse, Stripping Away the Insanity of Life & Parenthood!|Whatever circumstances you were born into, whatever family life and education you had or didn't have, you came here to make your dreams come true, and no matter where you are now, you are fully equipped with everything you need to do it!
John Desmond Bernal|Modern science is fast-moving, and no laboratory can exist for long with a program based on old facilities. Innovation and renewal are required to keep a laboratory on the frontiers of science.
Irving Kirsch, The Emperor's New Drugs: Exploding the Antidepressant Myth|Like antidepressants, a substantial part of the benefit of psychotherapy depends on a placebo effect, or as Moerman calls it, the meaning response. At least part of the improvement that is produced by these treatments is due to the relationship between the therapist and the client and to the client's expectancy of getting better. That is a problem for antidepressant treatment. It is a problem because drugs are supposed to work because of their chemistry, not because of the psychological factors. But it is not a problem for psychotherapy. Psychotherapists are trained to provide a warm and caring environment in which therapeutic change can take place. Their intention is to replace the hopelessness of depression with a sense of hope and faith in the future. These tasks are part of the essence of psychotherapy. The fact that psychotherapy can mobilize the meaning response - and that it can do so without deception - is one of its strengths, no one of its weaknesses. Because hopelessness is a fundamental characteristic of depression, instilling hope is a specific treatment for it it. Invoking the meaning response is essential for the effective treatment of depression, and the best treatments are those that can do this most effectively and that can do without deception.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Cooking is an art and patience a virtue... Careful shopping, freshingredients and an unhurried approach are nearly all you need. There is one more thing - love. Love for food and love for those you invite to your table. With a combination of these things you can be an artist - not perhaps in the representational style of a Dutch master, but rather more like Gauguin, the naïve, or Van Gogh,the impressionist. Plates or pictures of sunshine taste of happiness and love.
Dave Barry|The endless teen franchises that come out of Hollywood... more often than not, the central character doesn't have any discernible character traits. They're just the young, good-looking guy who goes on this journey. They're always played by fantastic young actors, but ultimately, they're not very interesting characters.
Richelle E. Goodrich|They say if you're a better person today than you were yesterday you're well on the road to perfection. So I figure if I'm a real snot today, tomorrow I should make huge progress.
Winston S. Churchill|Of this I am certain, that if we open a quarrel between the past and the present, we shall find that we have lost the future.
Barbara Ehrenreich, Living with a Wild God: A Nonbeliever's Search for the Truth about Everything|My religious friends - and my friends were almost all Catholics or Protestants or occasionally something more exotic like Jewish or Greek Orthodox - were convinced that God had a "plan" for us, and since God was good, it was a good plan, which we were required to endorse even without having any idea what it was. Just sign the paperwork; in other words, don't overintellectualize.
Henry David Thoreau, A Week on the Concord and Merrimack Rivers / Walden / The Maine Woods / Cape Cod|As with our colleges, so with a hundred ‘modern improvements;’ there is an illusion about them; there is not always a positive advance. The devil goes on exacting compound interest to the last for his early share and numerous succeeding investments in them. Our inventions are wont to be pretty toys, which distract our attention from serious things. They are but improved means to an unimproved end, an end which it was already but too easy to arrive at...
Howard Jacobson|If you want to reap financial blessings, you have to sow financially.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|The shark had never begged Jonah in order to get him swallowed; Jonah's own actions took him into the shark's belly! Failure may not chase after you, but when you miss your way, you will rather go chasing failure!
Katy Perry|The more painful it is, tragically, the more you do learn, though, that's the good part.
Dan Gilbert|I think people should be authentic and who they are. If that calls people to same-sex attraction and same-sex marriage, then they should be true to who they are, and I think that the world could benefit by more love.
Brett Armstrong|The last chapter in 'Alice in Worcestershire' is called 'Writing the book'.I started to write that 'Diary' chapter at the very beginning of the process and followed it through to the end... speaking to the reader.My decision to do this was because I've often read autobiographies and wondered how the author felt and how it impacted them writing about painful memories that had been locked away in a deep forgotten place.I wanted to know what was going in their 'present' life while they were writing; about the struggle with sharing their inner secrets and... I'm... inquisitive. (nosy)!It took me over five years to finish 'Alice in Worcestershire' because sometimes, I was simply too drained to continue. Periodically, I updated the 'Diary' chapter and, thankfully, it's enthusiastically appreciated by readers.
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|What exactly is it you'd like to know? [the book store manager asked]. He had an odd expression, like he was asking her a trick question. [Katherine] thought a minute. What DID she want to know? Why had she taken the trouble to come out in the cold to learn about a woman she'd never heard of until yesterday? She had that feeling she got when she was doing her art and suddenly discovered the missing piece that ties everything together: a tingling in the back of her neck, a crazy buzzed-rush of a feeling that spread through her whole body. She didn't understand the role that Sara Harrison Shea, the ring Gary had given her, or the book he had hidden would play, but she knew that this was important, and that she had to give herself over to it and see where it might lead.
Rhonda Tibbs, Song of the Snowman|Stacy smiled proudly and he filed the image of her sweet face in the section of his heart he shared with no one else ~ Brian, Song of the Snowman"Mom said if you put ears on your snowman, he’ll hear the music of the angels and sing songs to you.” ~ Stacy, Song of the SnowmanThe sweet promise of her embrace cured the loneliness in him. In her arms, he was whole. ~ Brian, Song of the Snowman He composed music, dreamed of the future, and kept the situations he couldn’t change at bay to the rhythm of his feet drumming on the concrete. Brian, Song of the SnowmanThis was as simple as his life got  rhythm, rhyme, and fingertips on cool keys. ~ Brian, Song of the Snowman
R.A. Rooney|I love being here, Evelyn, don't think that I don't. Yes, I do miss being in New York, but being with a great family for Christmas is the best thing any guy could get. It's been the best year I've had for a quite a long time.
Plato|There is always something left to love. And if you ain't learned that, you ain't learned nothing.
Jane Hirshfield, Come, Thief: Poems|The heart's actionsare neither the sentence nor its reprieve. Salt hay and thistles, above the cold granite. One bird singing back to another because it can't not.
E.M. Kelly|The difference between a boss and a leader: a boss says, 'Go!' – a leader says, 'Let's go!
Craig Ferguson, American on Purpose: The Improbable Adventures of an Unlikely Patriot|Those who divorce aren't necessarily the most unhappy, just those neatly able to believe their misery is caused by one other person.
Jean Vanier, Finding Peace|Peace is the fruit of love, a love that is also justice. But to grow in love requires work -- hard work. And it can bring pain because it implies loss -- loss of the certitudes, comforts, and hurts that shelter and define us.
Albert Camus, Notebooks 1935-1942|Beauty is unbearable, drives us to despair, offering us for a minute the glimpse of an eternity that we should like to stretch out over the whole of time.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|Each of us channel through the rest of us, which is true on every plane of being and in every field of enterprise and in all walks of life.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|They who lack talent expect things to happen without effort. They ascribe failure to a lack of inspiration or ability, or to misfortune, rather than to insufficient application. At the core of every true talent there is an awareness of the difficulties inherent in any achievement, and the confidence that persistence and patience something worthwhile will be realized. Thus talent is a species of vigor. (Eric Hoffer 1902-1983)
Sean F. Hogan, Painting Angels|The Judeo-Christian heritage has left us with the view of a universe composed of warring opposites, which are valued as either good or evil. They cannot coexist. A valuable insight of Witchcraft, shared by many earth-based religions, is that polarities are in balance, not at war.
Tennessee Williams|Don't look forward to the day you stop suffering, because when it comes you'll know you're dead.
Sylvia Kristel, Undressing Emmanuelle: A Life Stripped Bare|What I’m suggesting is that the essence of leadership is soundness and that the essence of soundness is soul, which paradoxical as you might think it is, is that child within.
Lemony Snicket, Horseradish|O, great wise man,' she said, 'I have been wondering so many things. Is life more than sitting at home doing the same thing over and over? Wise man, is life more than watching one's relatives do unpleasant things, or more than grim tasks one must perform at school and at work? Is life more than being entertained by literature, wise man, or more than traveling from one place to another, suffering from poor emotional health and pondering the people one loves? And what about those who lead a life of mystery? And the mysteries of life? And, wise man, what about the overall feeling of doom that one cannot ever escape no matter what one does, and miscellaneous things that I have neglected to mention in specific?
Ben Okri, The Age of Magic|Maybe true travel is not the transportation of the body, but a change of perception, renewing the mind.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|The secret to happiness is elusive because it is a paradoxical truth. To gain happiness, you must first cease pursuing it. Things perceived to provide happiness are like shiny, pretty bubbles that lure us this way and that way, chasing after their glossy buoyancy. But once they are handled, they “pop”—empty—vanishing along with the hope that happiness could ever be captured. Happiness cannot be caught or won or purchased or even handled. Happiness simply forms like a rainbow in the kindest and most grateful hearts.
H.G. Wells, A Dream of Armageddon|It is love and reason,' I said,'fleeing from all the madness of war.
Charlotte Featherstone, Lust|Why?" She asked in a confused whisper. "Out of all the women in the world, why did you choose this mortal?""Because fate drove me to you.
Nicole Krauss, The History of Love|Don't force to become the top, but loosen up to be the top....(as in don't try hard when people are before you but be glad... instead of working up your energy for the highest honor)
James Allen, As a Man Thinketh|All that man achieves and all that he fails to achieve is the direct result of his own thoughts. His suffering and happiness are evolved from within. As he thinks, so he is. As he continues to think, so he remains.
Bluenscottish|Whether we forget something we are not proud of, or embellish it, or blame somebody else, we want to save face by not owning up to shortcomings.
Friedrich Schiller|Only through Beauty's morning-gate, dost thou penetrate the land of knowledge.
John Ruskin|You're just a coward, like all those who stand behind the suffering of others.
Pierre Beaumarchais|We tell lies when we are afraid... afraid of what we don't know, afraid of what others will think, afraid of what will be found out about us. But every time we tell a lie, the thing that we fear grows stronger.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Either we are running ‘from’ what we fear or running ‘to’ what we fear. The former is a choice controlled by fear, the latter is an action inspired by it.
Lindsey Rietzsch, Successful Failures: Recognizing the Divine Role That Opposition Plays in Life's Quest for Success|Describing his experience with the sting of an extremely toxic jellyfish, he did something you don't often see a scientist do: he shivered.
Anthony Liccione|Trust, is the stone thrown into the sea, sinking deep in all its murkiness, unable to see what it once lived and believed to be a promise.
Megan Whalen Turner, The Thief|No friend had I made there, but I wasn't with this group to make friends, and besides, he sneered too much. I've found that people who sneer are almost always sneering at me.
Max Luthi|If there is one ‘constant’ in the structure and theme of the wonder tale, it is transformation.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|In a library we are surrounded by many hundreds of dear friends, but they are imprisoned by an enchanter in these paper and leathern boxes; and though they know us, and have been waiting two, ten, or twenty centuries for us,—some of them,—and are eager to give us a sign and unbosom themselves, it is the law of their limbo that they must not speak until spoken to; and as the enchanter has dressed them, like battalions of infantry, in coat and jacket of one cut, by the thousand and ten thousand, your chance of hitting on the right one is to be computed by the arithmetical rule of Permutation and Combination,—not a choice out of three caskets, but out of half a million caskets, all alike.
Hélène Cixous|Wouldn't the worst be, isn't the worst, in truth, that women aren't castrated, that they have only to stop listening to the Sirens (for the Sirens were men) for history to change its meaning?
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|When it comes to privacy and accountability, people always demand the former for themselves and the latter for everyone else.
Mitch Albom, The Five People You Meet in Heaven|The bride waits here," she said, running her hands along her hair, taking in her image but seeming to drift away. "This is the moment you think about what you're doing. Who you're choosing. Who you will love. If it's right, Eddie, this can be such a wonderful moment.
Paullina Simons, Tatiana and Alexander|There are different kinds of happy, some kinds don't need any proof-Ellie O'Neill, This is What Happy Looks Like
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Manipulation, fueled with good intent, can be a blessing. But when used wickedly, it is the beginning of a magician's karmic calamity.
Jay Woodman|Instead of letting our emotions run amok, we can use our minds as tools to build or create realities that serve us better
Jodi Picoult, Salem Falls|She understood how a world jammed with phones, email, and faxes could still leave you feeling utterly alone.
Neil Strauss, The Truth: An Uncomfortable Book About Relationships|Connected sex is a spiritual experience….It is spiritual because it’s a release from ego, a merging with the other, a discorporation into the atoms vibrating around us, a connection to the universal energy that moves through all things without judgment or prejudice. 	Thus, orgasm is the one spiritual practice that unites nearly everyone on the planet, and perhaps that is why there’s so much fear and baggage around it. Because…it is sacred.	And every orgasm. Is in itself an act of faith. An attempt to reach out. And just for a moment. Relieve our separateness. Escape from time. And touch eternity.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Happiness doesn't just happen. I'm convinced that for the most part, those who focus their minds on it, obtain it.
Eileen Anglin|My life's work is to create tools to empower and elevate life on the planet. To create global change, one heart at a time.
Neil Gorsuch|When I was four, my mother insisted I get out of the car and find my own way home. Although I got lost, I did find my way home. It taught me the value of independence at an early age.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|I see real love as the most fundamental of our innate capacities, never destroyed no matter what we might have gone through or might yet go through.
Chuck Klosterman, The Visible Man|Moments don’t last forever, but their memories do.
Frank Zappa, The Real Frank Zappa Book|Definition of rock journalism: People who can't write, doing interviews with people who can't think, in order to prepare articles for people who can't read.
Arundhati Roy, The God of Small Things|But what was there to say?Only that there were tears. Only that Quietness and Emptiness fitted together like stacked spoons. Only that there was a snuffling in the hollows at the base of a lovely throat. Only that a hard honey-colored shoulder had a semicircle of teethmarks on it. Only that they held each other close, long after it was over. Only that what they shared that night was not happiness, but hideous grief.Only that once again they broke the Love Laws. That lay down who should be loved. And how. And how much.
Mark Sherman Smeester|If integrity was legal, honesty would be a crime.
James Hollis, The Middle Passage: From Misery to Meaning in Midlife|We must try to remember everything, every movement, every stretch, every convulsion that made us how we move as we readily grow in our outer body that encompasses the planets, the suns and the moons in every other body that we touch, in every other mouth that we kissed, in every other language that we try to comprehend; for they are not the outside of a stranger, nor are they just images of our psyche, but the very being of ourselves, the dimensional levels of our very existence weaving colours in the tapestry of creation, yet the very non-existence of the template is proof of consciousness, of ascension, of Life.
Lauren Groff, Fates and Furies|It was mathematical, marriage. Not, as one might expect, additional. It was exponential.
Giselle Fox, Rock Candy|I had the dream again. I was leaning in the back corner of the elevator in my building looking down at the bundle of keys in my hand. Below my hand were the blurred outlines of my black leather lace-up boots and my frayed black jeans. There was ink all over my legs from the screen-printers in my shop. There was ink on the skin beneath the rips at my knee and my thigh where the rough edge of my work table had worn through... The detail was vivid, but there was an ethereal sparkle to everything around the edges. The periphery washed out of focus as if I was looking through a narrow lens... Then the elevator stopped and the door opened. A woman climbed on board. Her face was concealed behind large sunglasses. The realism of the dream became unsteady and I lost grip. The images became fleeting close-ups, stills, and sensations. She was looking at me and my heart began to race... A part of me worried that I was drunk and about to make an embarrassing pass at some poor woman from my building. But when I reached for her, she reached for me too... She pulled my hand down and then the elevator began to plummet. I realized I didn’t have much time. I was surrounded by her scent and warmth... I was so overwhelmed with the sensuality of everything that I lost myself in her... Then I watched her eyes fade into the blackness of my apartment as I woke up.
Oscar Wilde|If one cannot enjoy reading a book over and over again, there is no use in reading it at all.
Terry Wogan|If I like myself at this weight, then this is what I'm going to be. I don't have an eating disorder.
Amit Chatterjee|Success comes from people (leaders) who are motivated by the change, not who need to be motivated by the change.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|The number one reason why people stay stuck is because they cannot accept that they are stuck. Accept that you are stuck, that something needs to change, that you have plateaued, and that you have stopped growing. Realize and understand who and where you are in life.
Kabelo Mabona|Cheating is very easy, try something more challenging like being faithful to yourself, dreams, and partner. After all, it is how responsible we are of ourselves, dreams, and partner that we get to mature and grow wiser and responsible.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|Harry, don't go picking a row with Malfoy, don't forget, he's a prefect now, he could make life difficult for you...""Wow, I wonder what it'd be like to have a difficult life?" said Harry sarcastically.
Prinx Maurice|I’ve whittled my fascination with the cosmos down to this mantra: we can imagine the Universe as a giant void racing away from us at a frightening speed, or it could occur to us that, in fact, it is wrapped around us in all directions. Then, no matter where we are, we are at the centre of something wonderful. And that’s how I’ve always thought about it.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Every new morning brings new sunshine, new joy and new hope.
Garth Stein, The Art of Racing in the Rain|I, too, seem to be a connoisseur of rain, but it does not fill me with joy; it allows me to steep myself in a solitude I nurse like a vice I've refused to vanquish.
Elizabeth Scott, The Unwritten Rule|I think things are beautiful when you don’t plan them, and you don’t have any expectations, and you’re not trying to get somewhere in particular.
Jason Statham|I've learned to start from a really sound argument, boil down the essence of what you're trying to say, then build your humor around that, rather than starting with, 'This sounds funny,' and going from there.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|It is so easy to practice a creditable degree of so seeming virtue, and so difficult to purify and direct the affections of the heart, that I feel myself in continual danger of appearing better than I am; and I verily believe it is possible to make one’s whole life a display of splendid virtue and agreeable qualities, without ever setting foot towards the narrow path, or even one’s face towards the strait gate.” – Hannah More
Chris Martin|That is the definition of faith - acceptance of that which we imagine to be true, that which we cannot prove.
Lee Taylor, Bound|Good, if you were not part Lycanthrope that blow would have killed you. Now, stop fighting your pain and embrace it.
James Clavell|Wars are fought by teenagers, you realize that. They really ought to be fought by the politicians and old people who start these wars." (Interview with Don Swaim of CBS Radio-1986)
Derek Landy, Death Bringer|Fletcher was always going to be your ex-boyfriend, from the moment you met him. He's just finally caught up with where he's supposed to be.
Hermann Hesse|I may climb perhaps to no great heights, but I will climb alone.
Hiroko Sakai|I'm OK with being single, but I'm not OK when the time comes where I have to move my furniture around and to change the high ceiling light balls...
wisdom quotes|When faced with 2 choices, simply toss a coin. It works not because it settles the question for you. But because in that brief moment when the coin is in the air YOU SUDDENLY KNOW WHAT YOUR HOPING FOR. :)
Debasish Mridha|I do not fight with enemies, I try to help them and love them for their ignorance.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|In a fight, your doubt is a target of enemy's attack.
Tara Janzen, Avenging Angel|I believe in love at first sight, and I believe that’s what we’ve got going here. I was willing to die for you. I’m sure as hell not going to pass up a chance to live with you.
Ambrose Bierce|There are loads of actresses that modelled. They just weren't famous. There weren't a lot that were really known as models that became actresses, but there are hordes of them that did modelling before such as Anjelica Huston, Jessica Lange, Sharon Stone, Demi Moore and Geena Davis. There are loads of 'em.
Arthur Young|Courage, my friends; 'tis not too late to build a better world.
Craig Johnson, Another Man's Moccasins|The stories that unfold in the space of a writer's study, the objects chosen to watch over a desk, the books selected to sit on the shelves, all weave a web of echoes and reflections of meanings and affections, that lend a visitor the illusion that something of the owner of this space lives on between these walls, even if the owner is no more.
Edward T. Hall, Beyond Culture|If there is a religious agency in our lives, it has to appear in the manner of our times. Not from on high, but a revelation that hides itself in our culture, it will be ground-level, on the street, it'll be coming down the avenue in the traffic, hard to tell apart from anything else.
Rachel Caine, Chill Factor|And so the merry party began. It was one of those jolly, happy, bread-crumbling parties where you cough twice before you speak, and then decide not to say it after all.
Julia Quinn, How to Marry a Marquis|I don't know, Mom. Now that I'm about to graduate, I plan on being more spontaneous."Mom opened her eyes and burst out laughing.I said, "Got spontaneity on the calendar for next Tuesday.
A Que, Clarkesworld Magazine, Issue 104|This was what Ditlev loved: ceaseless gunfire, ceaseless killing, flapping specks in the sky terminated in an orgy of color. The slow drizzle of birds' bodies falling from above. The eagerness of the men to reload their weapons.
Jennifer Worth, In the Midst of Life|It is well nigh impossible to talk to anyone about death, I find. Most people seem deeply embarrassed. It is like when I was a girl and nobody could talk about sex. We all did it, but nobody talked about it! We have now grown out of that silly taboo, and we must grow out of our inhibitions surrounding death. They have arisen largely because so few people see death any more, even though it is quite obviously in our midst. A cultural change must come, a new atmosphere of freedom, which will only happen if we open our closed minds.
Christa Parravani, Her|Nobody wants to be alone in misery. Cara experienced no shame in admitting that need. Not only did she not want to suffer alone, she demanded co-suffering from all who dared love her.
Scott Westerfeld, The Last Days|I'd watched too many schoolmates graduate into mental institutions, into group homes and jails, and I knew that locking people up was paranormal - against normal, not beside it. Locks didn't cure; they strangled.
Debasish Mridha|You can twist perception, reality won't budge
Gabe Kaplan|I don't set out to be connected. My business has allowed me to meet lots of interesting people, some of whom have become friends; but you can't force it. This terrible word - 'networking' - I really hate.
James Russell Lingerfelt, The Mason Jar|Forgiving doesn’t mean forgetting. Forgiveness is you not letting your hate and anger rule your life. Because it will, whether you realize it or not. When you free the offender, you’re freeing yourself. Your forgiveness or lack of forgiveness has no effect on them. It’s your journey. It’s your struggle.
James     Baldwin, Giovanni's Room|My stomach hurts, but if it's guilt or impacted stool, I can't tell. Either way, I'm so full of shit.
Dean F. Wilson, Worldwaker|Jacob studied the iron graveyard, where every vehicle was its own gravestone. He drove slowly through, as if he was afraid to wake the dead. That was not it though. The general made it clear that they should fear the living.
Nikki Rowe|To be a seed in a world, is to remain safe almost unharmed living within a shell to protect you from the exterior world, what a risk it was to chose to bud and prosper into a little sprout unaware of what you will become, yet fearlessly ready to trust the process along the way.
Terry Pratchett|This isn't life in the fast lane, it's life in the oncoming traffic.
Tom Hodgkinson|In the world at large, people are rewarded or punished in ways that are often utterly random. In the garden, cause and effect, labor and reward, are re-coupled. Gardening makes sense in a senseless world. By extension, then, the more gardens in the world, the more justice, the more sense is created.
Max Eastman|To give pain is the tyranny; to make happy, the true empire of beauty.
Juan F. Cisneros Cisneros|Life is like a pencil, it can either be wasted; or, be used to create something beautiful.
Nick Hornby, The Polysyllabic Spree|Where would David Copperfield be if Dickens had gone to writing classes? Probably about seventy minor characters short, is where. (Did you know that Dickens is estimated to have invented thirteen thousand characters? Thirteen thousand! The population of a small town!)
Anthony Trollope, The Small House at Allington|It occurs to me that I really can't remember your face in any precise detail. Only the way you walked away through the tables in the café, your figure, your dress, that I still see.
Suzanne Venker, The Flipside of Feminism: What Conservative Women Know—and Men Can't Say|Does rejecting feminism mean rejecting women's equality? No, because that's not what feminism is about. Rejecting feminism means recognizing that women don't need feminism to make them equal to men because they already are equal--just not the same.
Anne McCaffrey, Dragon Harper|I honor the father in his son, not the son in his father. Each one receives a reward or punishment for his deeds, but not for the acts of others.
Molly Friedenfeld, The Book of Simple Human Truths|There is great power in our words, because theyare thoughts to which we have given additional energy by speaking them aloud so another person can know them.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban|Whether you come back by page or by the big screen, Hogwarts will always be there to welcome you home.
Janell Rhiannon, Song of Princes|I would take the solace of a forest over the hustle of London’s streets any day. Just listen to the silence. My father always said that if the mind is too cluttered, you will never hear your soul’s whispers. –Owen Locke, A Stranger at Fellsworth
Clementine Ford, Fight Like A Girl|...For I do now know that it is cowardly. We do not have the right to think only of poetry on this earth. It is magical, but utterly selfish.
Bing Crosby|To the American People: Christmas is not a time or a season but a state of mind. To cherish peace and good will, to be plenteous in mercy, is to have the real spirit of Christmas. If we think on these things, there will be born in us a Savior and over us will shine a star sending its gleam of hope to the world. Presidential message, December 25, 1927
Norton Juster, The Phantom Tollbooth|We never choose which words to use, for as long as they mean what they mean to mean, we don’t care if they make sense or nonsense.
Diana Gabaldon, An Echo in the Bone|Laughter feels like our flotation device -- it won't pull us out of the storm, but it might carry us through, if we can just hang on.
Sigmund Freud|When one does not have what one wants, one must want what one has.
Jerry Pinto, Em and The Big Hoom|After you were born, someone turned on a tap. At first it was only a drip, a black drip, and I felt it as sadness. I had felt sad before . . . who hasn't ? I knew what it was like. But I didn't know that it would come like that, for no reason. I lived with it for weeks.
Neshialy S.|What we need, is a break out. Out of our lives, out of Seattle, out of the dumb script of girl.
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Dream a Little Dream|Ironic, isn't it, what religion does to people?""I guess it's more ironic what people do to religion.
Tiffany Danielle, Candy Cane|Crime was my career. I considered myself a craftsman | a true professional. Everybody has a craft they practice. Clean or dirty, safe or dangerous, we all have a viable skill and a part to play in the enigma that comprises our world. A professional is a person who earns moneys for practicing their craft. Having labored many years and becoming experienced in a particular skill, you learn the gradations and eventually reach the title of master.
Jack Kerouac, On the Road|The stars here and the ones there are each special for their own reason. You grew up looking at these, while I looked at mine. Now we’ve both looked at each of them together.
Alexandre Dumas|There is in fact no such thing as art for art's sake, art that stands above classes, art that is detached from or independent of politics. Proletarian literature and art are part of the whole proletarian revolutionary cause.
Lisa Kleypas, Seduce Me at Sunrise|All the fires of hell could burn for a thousand years and it wouldn't equal what I feel for you in one minute of the day. I love you so much there is no pleasure in it. Nothing but torment. Because if I could dilute what I feel for you to the mil­lionth part, it would still be enough to kill you. And even if it drives me mad, I would rather see you live in the arms of that cold, soulless bastard than die in mine," Merripen said to Win.
Slade Combs, The Choice: Death Is Just The Beginning|Healing cannot occur by refusing to listen to the truth, unsettling as it may be.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|There were formerly horizons within which people lived and thought and mythologized. There are now no more horizons. And with the dissolution of horizons we have experienced and are experiencing collisions, terrific collisions, not only of peoples but also of their mythologies. It is as when dividing panels are withdrawn from between chambers of very hot and very cold airs: there is a rush of these forces together. And so we are right now in an extremely perilous age of thunder, lightning, and hurricanes all around. I think it is improper to become hysterical about it, projecting hatred and blame. It is an inevitable, altogether natural thing that when energies that have never met before come into collision—each bearing its own pride—there should be turbulence. That is just what we are experiencing; and we are riding it: riding it to a new age, a new birth, a totally new condition of mankind—to which no one anywhere alive today can say that he has the key, the answer, the prophecy, to its dawn. Nor is there anyone to condemn here (”Judge not, that you may not be judged!”). What is occurring is completely natural, as are its pains, confusions, and mistakes.
Juliette Binoche|During the off-season, I go to the movies almost every day.
Jerry Greenfield|Businesses can lead with their values and make money, too. You don't have to simply be purely profit-driven. You can integrate social and environmental concerns into a business, be a caring business, be a generous business and still do very well financially.
Richie Norton|How to "change the world" in two words: S.T.A.R.T. N.O.W.1. START - Serve. Thank. Ask. Receive. Trust.2. NOW - No Opportunity Wasted
Alan Bradley, Thrice the Brinded Cat Hath Mew'd|I do not encourage early morning chirpiness, even in those whom I know and love. It is generally a sign of a sloppy mind, and is not to be encouraged.
Jane Austen, Persuasion|Oh!" cried Anne eagerly, "I hope I do justice to all that is felt by you,and by those who resemble you. God forbid that I should undervaluethe warm and faithful feelings of any of my fellow-creatures! I should deserve utter contempt if I dared to suppose that true attachmentand constancy were known only by woman. No, I believe you capableof everything great and good in your married lives. I believe you equalto every important exertion, and to every domestic forbearance,so long as--if I may be allowed the expression--so long as you havean object. I mean while the woman you love lives, and lives for you. All the privilege I claim for my own sex (it is not a very enviable one;you need not covet it), is that of loving longest, when existenceor when hope is gone.
Douglas Coupland, Shampoo Planet|At least there's nothing scary about him and hopefully he doesn't see anything scary in me. We go way back, to summer camp. We KNOW each other. People I don't know just make me want to say YIKES! I'll take history over mystery any day of the week.
Azar Nafisi, Reading Lolita in Tehran|when your emotions are in motion, take a break and ponder!
Lundy Bancroft, Why Does He Do That?: Inside the Minds of Angry and Controlling Men|The fact of the matter is, if you haven’t been in an abusive relationship, you don’t really know what the experience is like. Furthermore, it’s quite hard to predict what you would do in the same situation. I find that the people most vocal about what they would’ve done in the same situation often have no clue what they are talking about – they have never been in the same situation themselves.By invalidating the survivor’s experience, these people are defending an image of themselves that they identify with strength, not realizing that abuse survivors are often the strongest individuals out there. They’ve been belittled, criticized, demeaned, devalued, and yet they’ve still survived. The judgmental ones often have little to no life experience regarding these situations, yet they feel quite comfortable silencing the voices of people who’ve actually been there.
Robert A.F. Thurman, Love Your Enemies: How to Break the Anger Habit & Be a Whole Lot Happier|In the practice of exchanging self & other, paradoxes abound.
Gauthama Buddha|The road forgets. Make your life a journey, keep moving toward what you want, leave behind anything that's too heavy to carry.
Faraaz Kazi|Lie beside me, oh my beloved! For thy thorns are more pleasurable than the petals of the world.Hold me in thy arms of hope, for the truth of separation can rest tonight.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Those who find courage to pursue their dreams, manifest gladness of their souls.
Donna Grant, Soul Scorched|Not once in her life had Darcy wanted to thumb her nose at danger and rip the clothes off a man, but she was contemplating that very thing.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness|If we don't discipline ourselves, the world will do it for us.
Barbara Samuel, The Sleeping Night|In the mirrors of the many judgments, my hands are the color of blood. I sometimes fancy myself an evil which exists to oppose other evils; and on that great Day of which the prophets speak but in which they do not truly believe, on the day the world is utterly cleansed of evil, then I too will go down into darkness, swallowing curses. Until then, I will not wash my hands nor let them hang useless.
Noreena Hertz|There are so many successful women working in intelligence, but it's still seen as a male-dominated world.
Matthew McConaughey|Apart from education, you need good health, and for that, you need to play sports.
Lorna Jackie Wilson, Black Butterfly: The Journey - The Victory|You are beautiful! Like the dew on rose petals, your beauty glistens and shines. Like the raindrops on eyelids, your beauty, forever defined. For those that can see you, they find beauty so rare. For those that receive you, find love in your care. Forever beautiful, Yes you are. You are beautiful!
Edward Carpenter|But you can count the dead bodies from alcohol, tobacco, and legal pharmaceuticals by the millions.
Jennifer H. Lau, Beautiful Hero: How We Survived the Khmer Rouge|She is not the child that mirrors me, and yet when you put us side by side, there are definite similarities. It's not in the shape of the mouth but the set of it, the sheer determination that silvers our eyes.
Tad Williams, The Dragonbone Chair|Users are a double-edged sword. They can help you improve your language, but they can also deter you from improving. So choose your users carefully, and be slow to grow their number. Having users is like optimization: the wise course is to delay it.
Karen Armstrong|...The world's benefactor has no choice; he is the surgeon who wields the healing scalpel. He does not want the violence, but the reality (which he has invented) drives him to use violence, in a way, against his will. Throwing a bomb into a crowded department store thus becomes an act of revolutionary love for mankind (and, in general, to quote Lübbe again, 'his primary intention is not to throw bombs into department stores or police stations, but rather into public consciousness.')
Lee Child, A Wanted Man|One of the Christian's biggest fears is appearing 'too Christian'. God forbid, because that's often characterized as god-awful! We want to be one, but without being 'one of them'.
Melissa Brayden, How Sweet It Is|Half the dogs in America will receive Christmas presents this year, yet few of us ever pause to consider the life of the pig-an animal easily as intelligent as a dog-that becomes the Christmas ham.
Joanna Faber, How to Talk so Little Kids Will Listen: A Survival Guide to Life with Children Ages 2-7|Many children are naturally picky eaters. It may even be genetic, or developmental. But given a range of healthy choices, children will choose a balanced diet—so long as junk food isn't included in the mix. Children are tempted by sweets and fried food just as much as we are.
Marcus Tullius Cicero|In the best works of fiction, there's no mustache-twirling villain. I try to write shows where even the bad guy's got his reasons.
Aloe Blacc|Yeah, I'm a thrill seeker, but crikey, education's the most important thing.
Joshua Edward Smith, Duality|Anything can happen, Pet. If there's one thing for certain, it's that nothing is for certain.
Robin Jarvis, Whortle's Hope|Lies breed distrust, and distrust brings conflict.
Mrs. Drussel|Life sucks, then you die.
Pope Francis|When a positive exchange between a brand and customers becomes quantifiable metrics, it encourages brand to provide better service, customer service to do a better job, and consumers to actively show their gratitude.
Tanya Gambhir|He cubbed her in his arms to sleep,even her demons snored that night ~
Doris Lessing, The Golden Notebook|In fact I've reached the stage where I look at people and say - he or she, they are whole at all because they've chosen to block off at this stage or that. People stay sane by blocking off, by limiting themselves.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Day by day, there exists the possibility for the dream to come true.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|Follow the path that leads to understanding. Only then, will you illuminate the way for others. Once you open your mind and gain knowledge, truth, you'll leave the darkness and enter into the light of wisdom.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|It’s OKAY to be scared. Being scared means you’re about to do something really, really brave.
Ernest Hemingway, A Moveable Feast|I regret always writing, writing. I gave my kid the whole plastic bag of marshmallows,so i could have 20 minutes to write. I sat at my mother's deathbed, writing.I did swab her mouth with water, and feel her pliant tongue enjoy water, then harden and die. Before I had language, before I had stories, I wanted to write. That desire is going away. I've said what I have to say. I'll stop and look at things I called distractions. Become a reader of the world, no more writer of it.
Alice Munro, Friend of My Youth|She thought back to what he had said. /I could make you very happy./ It was something men said then, when they were trying to persuade you, and that was what they meant. It seemed rash and sweeping to her, dazzling but *presumptuous*. She had to try to see herself, then, as somebody who could be /made happy/. The whole worrying, striving, complicated bundle of her -- was that something that could just be picked up and /made happy/?
Michael Ondaatje, The English Patient|I think novelists are in the education business, really, but they're not teaching you times tables, they are teaching you responsiveness and morality and to make nuanced judgments. And really to just make the planet look a bit richer when you go out into the street.
Neal Shusterman, Dread Locks|I came running down the stairs that morning, like it was Christmas. My parents were already up. In my family, presents never waited; they were there upon waking. Our family has a problem with what they called delayed gratification. We want what we want when we want it, and we always want it now.
De philosopher DJ Kyos|Children are no longer being parented, but are raised. Thats why they don't have morals, ethics,humanity and manners, because their parents neglected them. We now live in a society that doesnt care about right or wrong.
Sonia Sotomayor|An infinite question is often destroyed by finite answers...To define everything is to annihilate much that gives us laughter and joy...If I try self consciously to become a person, I will never be one. The most real people, those who are able to forget their selfish selves, who have true compassion, are usually the most distinct individuals
Jay Woodman|Like money used wisely, awareness comes & we let it go. Like life, it arises infinitely, to tease & to soothe, to flow through us.
Hilary Mantel|Imagination only comes when you privilege the subconscious, when you make delay and procrastination work for you.
Tracy Anne Warren, Wicked Delights of a Bridal Bed|Daniel, I did not knowwhat I wanted when I was agirl. And then I was a fool in every sense of the word. And now that I am a woman grown, I know that I love you and I want this son of yours, and our children who will come. I have seen a woman break her heart for love: my Queen Mary. I have seen another break her soul to avoid it: my Princess Elizabeth. I don't want to be Mary or Elizabeth, I want to be me: Hannah Verde Carpenter.""And we shall live somewhere that we can follow our belifs without danger," he insisted."Yes," I said, "in the England that Elizabeth will make.
Terraine Francois|I measure my friends not by being there with me when everything is going well, but embracing me when I'm criticized and when I endure tough times.
John Eldredge, Killing Lions: A Guide Through the Trials Young Men Face|Freedom is indivisible, and when one man is enslaved, all are not free. JFK
Sylvain Reynard, Gabriel's Inferno|You may have married her, but she is mine. Do you think I shall let you take her? She may be ten times your wife, but, by God, you shall never have her.
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|As soon as the rocky coast line of the island came into view, I ordered one of the ropes to wrap around Annabeth's waist, tying her to the foremast. "Don't untie me," she said, "no matter what happens or how much I plead. I'll want to go straight over the edge and drown myself." "Are you trying to tempt me?""Ha-ha.
Gwen Ifill|Simply as an exercise in efficient politics, Obama '08 rewrote the textbook. His accomplishment was historic and one that transformed how race and politics intersect in our society. Obama is the leading edge of this change, but his success is merely the ripple in a pond that grows deeper every day.
Nia Vardalos|I am usually part of any disaster at a wedding if I'm a bridesmaid, which I've been lucky enough to be several times.
Barack Obama|I am especially grateful that I have been able to keep my own style over the decades, in spite of the many changes that have taken place in the world of fashion and in its business.
Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse|What are these guys?" He whispered"Canadians," Percy said. Frank leaned away from him. "Excuse me?""Uh, no offense," Percy said. "That's what Annabeth called them when I fought them before. She said they live in the north, in Canada.""Yeah, well," Frank grumbled, "we're in Canada. I'm Canadian. But I've never seen those things before.
Ted Engstrom|I grew up watching and learning from the ultimate partnership, and that is of my father and late uncle.
David Platt, Radical: Taking Back Your Faith from the American Dream|Radical obedience to Christ is not easy... It's not comfort, not health, not wealth, and not prosperity in this world. Radical obedience to Christ risks losing all these things. But in the end, such risk finds its reward in Christ. And he is more than enough for us.
Khang Kijarro Nguyen|If you expect the battle to be insurmountable, you've met the enemy.It's you.
Debra Doyle|Zombies are not just fictional creatures that devour the flesh of the living. They also include those who follow the words of others without thinking for themselves. This world is falling apart. I don’t think anyone can disagree with that. People live in their twenty-mile-radius realities and don’t notice the world happening around them, until it finally breaks down their front door.
Duane Hewitt, Diminished Fifth: Diabolus in Musica|There is a journey that all must take regardless of its direction or apparent meaning. An artist plucks out their heart, holds it forth, and be it through agony or ecstasy, is prepared to be measured for the gift that is the highest honor, to create, and therein be judged on those merits alone. And, somewhere in the skein of all creation is that which demands of those whom would aspire to create beauty and wonder, no matter the cost, because creation, all of it, is worth every ounce the pain of its birth.From the novel, Diminished Fifth
Micah White, The End of Protest: A New Playbook for Revolution|Activists have not been passive. For decades, we have tried every tactic to shift the course of our governments. We have voted, written editorials and manifestos, donated money, held signs, protests in marches, blocked streets, shared links, signed petitions, held workshops, knitted scarves, learn to farm, turned off the television, programmed apps, engaged in direct action, committed vandalism, launched legal challenges against pipelines . . . and occupied the financial districts. All this has been for naught. A new approach to activism and a new kind of protest are desperately needed.
Aakash Deep, Those Days...I never cared about!|Everything is uncomfortable for the first time: School, Smoking or Sex.
Sara Ayad, The History of the Book in 100 Books: The Complete Story, From Egypt to E-Book|The replacement of independent bookstores by firms such as Barnes & Noble, Waterstones or Borders superficially provided a wide range of reading, but their policies further limited choice.
Leslie Feinberg, Stone Butch Blues|Bravery could only be found inside of fear. So she bore the feeling. After all, it was just a feeling.
Saru Singhal|No one likes a person that "should of" all over the place.
George Carlin, When Will Jesus Bring the Pork Chops?|And off we go, out onto the highway looking for a little fun. Perhaps a flatbed truck loaded with human cadavers will explode in front of a Star Trek reunion. One can only dream and hope.
Flannery O'Connor, Mystery and Manners: Occasional Prose|The fiction writer is an observer, first, last, and always, but he cannot be an adequate observer unless he is free from uncertainty about what he sees. Those who have no absolute values cannot let the relative remain merely relative; they are always raising it to the level of the absolute. The Catholic fiction writer is entirely free to observe. He feels no call to take on the duties of God or to create a new universe. He feels perfectly free to look at the one we already have and to show exactly what he sees.
Billie Jean King|Tennis taught me so many lessons in life. One of the things it taught me is that every ball that comes to me, I have to make a decision. I have to accept responsibility for the consequences every time I hit a ball.
E.E. Giorgi, CHIMERAS|Alana Marks had always known she was different. From her gypsy childhood, to the way she now made her living in the movies, she'd always lived on the edge. She'd been paid to leap from a sixteenth story window, roll a car to a cliff edge, get thrown off a speeding train and dragged into a river by a runaway horse. At the moment, she was about to set herself on fire and jump out of a burning barn.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|Trust me. If you do not decide where you are heading, and refuse to take the appropriate action, you will end up being shaped into what others would have you become. Then any change will not be made for your benefit but for theirs.
João Guimarães Rosa, Grande Sertão: Veredas|Even if it’s a really funny joke, don’t laugh if the devil’s the one telling it!
Matshona Dhliwayo|You cannot lead an enemy to Heaven, but you can lead a friend even to Hell.
Natalie Lloyd, The Key to Extraordinary|I woke up to an ache in my chest, the smell of chocolate, and the sound of the ghost making a racket in the kitchen. Now, I'm not the sort to dwell on doom and sorrow. Life is too short for that. But I should at least try to describe the ache briefly: It is not the kind that comes from eating tacos too late at night. It's the kind that comes from being left behind. I think my heart is smart enough to know there's a place I should be filling with new memories, new jokes, and wondrous adventures with the one person I loved most of all. But that person is gone now. And so, my heart has a giant hole. I call it The Big Empty.
Juliet Marillier, Son of the Shadows|And as I watched him, I knew that in every dark night there was, somewhere, a small light burning that could never be quenched.
William Goldman, The Princess Bride|It was only when the giant got halfway down the incline that he suddenly, happily, burst into flame and continued his trip saying, "NO SURVIVORS, NO SURVIVORS!" in a manner that could only indicate deadly sincerity.It was seeing him happily burning and advancing that startled the Brute Squad to screaming. And once that happened, why, everybody panicked and ran...
Adele|I make music for ears, not eyes
Chiang Kai-shek|Thomas Paine, so celebrated and so despised as he traveled through the critical events of his time, has long appealed to biographers. Paine was present at the creation both of the United States and of the French Republic. His eloquence, in the pamphlet 'Common Sense,' propelled the American colonists toward independence.
Sir George James Frazer|These hapless livers were probably not always mere myths, and these legends which traced their spilt blood in the purple bloom of the violet, the scarlet stain of the anemone, or the crimson flush or the rose were no idle poetic emblem of youth and beauty fleeting as the Summer flowers.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|Our heart calls us one way, the mind pulls us the other way, and we do the opposite. We cannot find peace when the mind rages war against the heart, when we fight with our thoughts the pull of our love.
J.D. Robb, Conspiracy in Death|In my hands is power. The power to hear or to destroy. To grant life or to cause death. I revere this gift, have honed it over time an art as magnificent and awesome as any painting in the Louvre. I an art, I am science. In all ways that matter, I am God.God must be ruthless and far-sighted. God studies his creations and selects. The best of these creations must be cherished, protected, sustained. Greatness rewards perfection.Yet even the flawed have purpose. A wise God experiment, considers, uses what comes into his hands and forges wonders. Yes, often without mercy, often with a violence the ordinary condemn. We who hold power cannot be detracted by the condemnations of the ordinary, by the petty and pitiful laws of simple man. They are blind, their minds are closed with fear-fear of pain, fear of death. They are too limited to comprehend that death can be conquered. I have nearly done so. If my work was discovered, they, with their foolish laws and attitudes, would damn me.When my work is complete, they will worship me.
Jim Butcher, Storm Front|I'd made the vampire cry. Great. I felt like a real superhero. Harry Dresden, breaker of monsters' hearts.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If we knew what is already there, there will be no need for research.
Ben Bernanke|The problem is that we are trying to prepare people for the new economy using a higher education system built for the old economy. As a result, many high-skilled, high-paying industries suffer from a shortage of labor, while too many low-paying industries suffer from a surplus.
Elizabeth Wurtzel|...occasionally I wished I could walk through a picture window and have the sharp, broken shards slash me to ribbons so I would finally look like I felt.
Nick Harkaway|Even people who despise ego and aspire to humility, who plan to be humble once they are successful, are worried that actually enacting those beliefs would sentence them to a life of obscurity or weakness or failure.
Barbara Claypole White, Echoes of Family|There is no reprieve when you have a broken mind; cease-fires are rare. Even on good days, you know everything could change on a dime. Fear is your constant shadow
Robin Williams|The single overriding objective in wellness is creating constant personal renewal where we recognize and act on the truth that each day is a miraculous gift, and our job is to untie the ribbons. That's the Law of Esprit: living life with joy.
Nick Hornby|Sometimes you know you've got a chance with a girl because she wants to fight with you. If the world wasn't so messed up, it wouldn't be like that. If the world was normal, a girl being nice to you would be a good sign, but in the real world, it isn't.
Tahir Shah, In Search of King Solomon's Mines|In moments of great uncertainty on my travels, I have always felt that something is protecting me, that I will come to no harm.
John Stuart Mill|We have to combine, certainly, but if we combine to fight on the idea of each man making more money for himself, then we end by fighting one another. And that's the trouble now... human dealings are founded - founded - not on money but on what is fair and just all round.
Taylor Swift|I wish [that when] I was 12 years old I'd been able to watch a video of my favourite actress explaining in such an intellectual, beautiful, poignant way the definition of feminism — I would have understood it and then earlier on in my life I would have proudly claimed that I was a feminist, because I would have understood what the word means.
Stephanie Klein, Straight Up and Dirty|Meant to be" allows for lazy. The idea of destiny alleviates anxiety; it comforts us. We stop believing that we had ownership, that we could have done something to change the outcome. It's lazier than The Clapper.
Sheryl Sandberg, Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead|Women can enter (...) negotiations with the knowledge that showing concern for the common good, even as they negotiate for themselves, will strengthen their position.
Willie Nelson|The information encoded in your DNA determines your unique biological characteristics, such as sex, eye color, age and Social Security number.
Maya Angelou|While the rest of the world has been improving technology, Ghana has been improving the quality of mans humanity to a man.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Bread We Eat in Dreams|Some foolish people must have a tragedy, for they cannot believe in happy endings
Julian Barnes|One of the things he had learned in life, and which he hoped he could rely on, was that a greater pain drives out a lesser one. A strained muscle disappears before toothache, toothache disappears before a crushed finger. He hoped - it was his only hope now - that the pain of cancer, the pain of dying , would drive out the pains of love. It did not seem likely.
Lara Giddings|At my heaviest, I was 5'8" and 175 pounds. I ate well, but in too large quantities, and I rarely made a concerted effort to burn off the extra calories. I'd beat myself up about being overweight, even though I had the tools to be in shape. Then I'd resort to an unhealthy diet to lose the weight that was making me self-conscious.
Dave Anderson, Becoming a Leader of Character: 6 Habits That Make or Break a Leader at Work and at Home|Besides, that MBA is a Masters of Business Administration, not a Masters of Business Leadership.
Douglas Adams|All that day she felt as if she were acting in a theatre with better actors than herself, and that her bad performance was spoiling the whole affair.
C.C. Hunter|The hole in my heart, I can’t even begin to describe. It’s hard when you open your heart and let someone in and then suddenly they’re not in it anymore. It doesn’t matter whose fault it is; that empty spot stings so bad that you want to find any kind of relief, or wrap yourself up so tight you can’t feel it anymore. I knew it might be there a little while. Or maybe even a long while. For both of us.
Toba Beta|In almost every detail, when one examines it closely, it is not Democracy which makes the system work, but the Individual democrats who, in it, use their powers correctly and in the way that they were intended to be used. If those in power were not essentially democrats, the whole situation would collapse. Its strength is not in itself, but in its members. Any “say” that the citizen has in ruling himself is due to the goodwill and the honesty of those to whom he has entrusted the power to rule him.
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|Leo couldn't help smiling. "That could be fun.""Fun" she said unhappily."Blue elephants.""Blue elephants.""Kiss me you fool.""You fool.
Hermann Bahr|Bondage And Service - that was what they all demanded and from everyone. This craving to find themselves in another, to subjugate and appropriate foreign territory, to create a new field for their own will in a second body, foreign flesh for their own soul; this greedy, consuming hunger devoured every other desire, and they called it friendship!
Jiddu Krishnamurti|Most people in the Western world grow up with the received wisdom that Mozart was a genius. But few people necessarily know why. More than anyone else, he captured this something which is the human condition, the fine line that we all constantly dance between joy and pain, between absolute happiness and absolute heartbreak.
Daniel Mackler, Toward truth: A psychological guide to enlightenment|Friendship requires truth, and there is no truth in her.
Valerie Tripp|If I loved someone, I could never let him go away from me. I would be too miserable and lonely.
Giorge Leedy, Uninhibited From Lust To Love|If youth was sold in a bottle of hair dye, we would all get in line.
Zhuangzi|In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock.
Susan Lieberman|I believe the wedding vows are sacred and precious, and it's been one of my goals as a writer to portray the kind of marriages I've seen modeled in my family - my parents and grandparents, who all celebrated fifty-year anniversaries and well-beyond.
Maggie O'Farrell|All I was aware of was this hole, this gaping hole where my heart should have been. I read somewhere once that your heart is supposed to be the same size as your clenched fist, but this hole felt far bigger. It seemed to expand over my whole upper body and it felt cold, vacant - the cooling wind seemed to cut right through it. I felt frail and insubstantial, as if the wind could have blown me away.
David W. Earle|Is God like the Greek god, Zeus, sending down lightning bolts to cause catastrophic events? Does God decree when tragic or untimely deaths occur? Does God have a list and when your time is up, you die? Is it “God’s will” these events happen? On the other hand, do tragic events happen because of laws of nature or the law of averages?
John Kuypers, Who's The Driver Anyway?  Making the Shift to a Collaborative Team Culture|If you first take a minute, an hour or a month to let go of feeling annoyed, frustrated or critical of the person or situation that may be driving you crazy, you set yourself up for much greater leadership and personal success.
Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies|If cats looked like frogs we'd realize what nasty, cruel little bastards they are. Style. That's what people remember.
Kendare Blake, Anna Dressed in Blood|Girls, on the other hand, have always come easy. I don't know why that is, exactly. Maybe it's the outsider vibe and a well-placed brooding look. Maybe it's something I think I see sometimes in the mirror, something that reminds me of my father. Or maybe I'm just damn easy on the eyes.
Émile Durkheim|Socialism is a philosophy of failure, the creed of ignorance, and the gospel of envy, its inherent virtue is the equal sharing of misery..
Yves Saint-Laurent|The most beautiful clothes that can dress a woman are the arms of the man she loves. But for those who haven't had the fortune of finding this happiness, I am there.
Kiese Laymon, How to Slowly Kill Yourself and Others in America|It has been a frustrating game thus far and [the natives] blow off steam by spending money. Happily there is retail at every turn so the crow doesn’t lack for buying opportunities, and it’s the same everywhere Bravo has been, the airports, the hotels, the arenas and convention centers, in the downtowns and the suburbs alike, retail dominates the land. Somewhere along the way America became a giant mall with a country attached.
Wayne W. Dyer|In any relationship in which two people become one, the end result is two half people.
Gabor Maté|Bottom lines are addictive behaviours that we make a conscious choice not to repeat. For example, a recovering cocaine addict would create a bottom line that they will not use a mind- or mood-altering substance to deliberately get high. A recovering sex addict might create a bottom line not to watch pornography or not to have sex without any emotional or spiritual connection. Bottom lines are a symbol of our intentions and are very useful at a practical level to address addictions. In many recovery communities, twelve-step fellowships and addiction rehabs, there is also a concept called ‘top lines’.
Janet Evanovich, To the Nines|Fuck," Ranger said.Ranger didn't often curse and he rarely raised his voice. The fuck has been entirely conversational. Like he was now midly inconvenienced. He put his Bates boot to the door and the door popped open..
Tyler Knott Gregson, Chasers of the Light: Poems from the Typewriter Series|Others of us are lost. We're forever seeking. We torture ourselves with philosophies and ache to see the world. We question everything, even our own existence. We ask a lifetime of questions and are never satisfied with the answers because we don't recognize anyone as an authority to give them. We see life and the world as an enormous puzzle that we might never understand, that our questions might go unanswered until the day we die, almost never occurs to us. And when it does, it fills us with dread.
Peter R. Pouncey, Rules for Old Men Waiting|t nightfall, atthe oppressive moment of transition, a storm of carnivorous mosquitoes roseout of the swamps, and a tender breath of human shit, warm and sad, stirredthe certainty of death in the depths of one’s soul.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|If the objective exchange-value of money must always be linked with a pre-existing market exchange-ratio between money and other economic goods (since otherwise individuals would not be in a position to estimate the value of the money), it follows that an object cannot be used as money unless, at the moment when its use as money begins, it already possesses an objective exchange-value based on some other use.
Beyonce Knowles|Hunting forces a person to endure, to master themselves, even to truly get to know the wild environment. Actually, along the way, hunting and fishing makes you fall in love with the natural world. This is why hunters so often give back by contributing to conservation.
Nick Armbrister|If that poem idea is in your head NOW, write it down. Right now. Or lose it. For when it's gone, it's gone forever...
Chloe Neill, Drink Deep|Have you noticed we can breathe in here too?Gosh, I wouldn't have picked up on that.
Richelle Mead, Shadow Kiss|Is this the girl?” Kieran’s voice was very different: It sounded like waves sliding up the shore. Like warm water under pale light. It was seductive, with an edge of cold. He looked at Emma as if she were a new kind of flower, one he wasn’t sure he liked. “She’s pretty,” he said. “I didn’t think she’d be pretty. You didn’t mention it.”Iarlath shrugged. “You’ve always been partial to blondes,” he said.“Okay, seriously?” Emma snapped her fingers. “I am right here. And I was not aware I was being invited to a game of ‘Who’s the Hottest?'"I wasn’t aware you were invited at all,” said Kieran. His speech had a casual edge, as if he was used to talking to humans.“Rude,” said Emma.
Nina Croft, His Fantasy Girl|You shouldn’t kiss me like that unless it means something to you.” Max’s lip trembled beneath her thumb. A deep groan rose from his chest. And then he was pushing to his feet, pulling her with him. His mouth covered hers, hot and wet and full of a driving need she answered kiss for kiss.
Elena Ferrante, Those Who Leave and Those Who Stay|I heard a baby cry. And this blood-splattered thing was put in my arms. My child. And, at that moment, it was like a gigantic plug appeared and - POW! - I was plugged into humanity in a way I'd never been before. Never could be. I was part of all mothers and all births from the beginning of time. I was a woman in a mud hut in Africa, in an igloo in the Arctic, a wigwam in America, a cave, a skyscraper, a spaceship. I was part of a flow and that flow was blood -
Laini Taylor, Daughter of Smoke & Bone|Karou wished she could be the kind of girl who was complete unto herself, comfortable in solitude, serene. But she wasn't. She was lonely, and she feared the missingness within her as if it might expand and... cancel her. She craved a presence beside her, solid. Fingertips light at the nape of her neck and a voice meeting hers in the dark. Someone who would wait with an umbrella to walk her home in the rain, and smile like sunshine when he saw her coming. Who would dance with her on her balcony, keep his promises and know her secrets, and make a tiny world wherever he was, with just her and his arms and his whisper and her trust.
Chris Cleave, Everyone Brave is Forgiven|One could always imagine that one's life, though smoldering in parts, might be undamaged in the west.
Robin Lee Hatcher, Fit to Be Tied|God makes each one of us for the time into which we are born. He creates us for a purpose. Our job is to know Him well, discover what He created us to do, and then do it for all we're worth for the rest of our lives. Ask God to show you your purpose. He will answer.
Bett Williams, Girl Walking Backwards|Runaways are romantic. The girls are waiflike with dyed ratty hair and baggy pants. They usually own a stray dog of the mutt variety and drag it along by a rope, plopping down in front of storefronts to beg for money from passersby. They're a mess. It is likely they'll charm you, make you think you're their best friend and savior only to end up using you and then they'll disappear. That's why they're romantic. They're there and then they're gone. Romance is always about people appearing in a flash out of nothing or people who are there and then suddenly are not. A magic trick.
Li-Young Lee, The City in Which I Love You|a bruise, bluein the muscle, youimpinge upon me.As bone hugs the ache home, soI'm vexed to love you, your bodythe shape of returns, your hair a torsoof light, your heatI must have, your openingI'd eat, each momentof that soft-finned fruit,inverted fountain in which I don't see me.
Victoria Moran|I realize that I'm a mature woman and one of these days, incredible diet or not, I'll be a little old lady.
Albert Camus, The Myth of Sisyphus and Other Essays|But this time is ours, and we cannot live hating ourselves
RJ Mitte|I knew I was going to love my daughter, but I had no idea how much I would love her.
P. J. O'Rourke|When power leads man toward arrogance, poetry reminds him of his limitations. When power narrows the area of man's concern, poetry reminds him of the richness and diversity of existence. When power corrupts, poetry cleanses.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Two Towers|Frodo raised his head, and then stood up. Despair had not left him, but the weakness had passed. He even smiled grimly, feeling now as clearly as a moment before he had felt the opposite, that what he had to do, he had to do, if he could, and that whether Faramir or Aragorn or Elrond or Galadriel or Gandalf or anyone else knew about it was beside the purpose. He took his staff in one hand and the phial in his other. When he saw that the clear light was already welling through his fingers, he thrust it into his bosom and held it against his heart. Then turning from the city of Morgul, now no more than a grey glimmer across a dark gulf, he prepared to take the upward road.
Mary E. Pearson, The Kiss of Deception|Writing a book is just reading one, except you get to choose the perfect ending everytime!
Donald Trump|You couldn't pay me enough to be a law enforcement officer. Their job is a tough job. You have to solve people's problems, you have to baby-sit people, you have to always be doing this cat-and-mouse game with the bad guys. My respect for them is immense.
Bob Dylan|I accept chaos, I'm not sure whether it accepts me.
|Dream as big as you desire, but don't forget to wake yourself from it with some consistent effective actions.
Basil W. Maturin, Self-Knowledge and Self-Discipline|The character, therefore, will depend upon the thoughts. I am what I think. I am what I think even more than what I do, for it is the thought that interprets the action. An act in itself good may become even bad by the thought that inspired it.
Charlie Chaplin|Without community service, we would not have a strong quality of life. It's important to the person who serves as well as the recipient. It's the way in which we ourselves grow and develop.
Katie Kiesler, 22 and Single: A Coming of Age Story...in Progress|Sometimes, most times, when I think back to the people that I loved, the person that I was... I feel like I'm reading the pages of a book written about someone else's life.I can't believe that was me. I can't believe that was you. I can't believe there was an us.It's not that I regret it. It just doesn't feel like it happened to me and yet, I can't forget it. I feel like it's still refracting and reflecting back on me, haunting me.Jesus intercepted my mind, my thoughts, my mistakes, my shame. He's changed me from the inside out. But I'm afraid you still see the stain.Lord, let them see my heart, look at You and Your still-in-progress work of art. Help us all to look beyond our burned bridges, charred reputations, scattered shards of memories, and gaze at the One who took on the weight of all the hate to find the freedom in redemption that we all crave.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Where your heart is, there lies your treasured home.
Brian Grazer|To Catholic, Orthodox, and some Protestant Christians, communion involves partaking of the physical real presence of God in the bread and wine of the Eucharist. By contrast, the Torah draws the Jew into engagement with God's infinite mind. Torah learning is the definitive Jewish mode of communion with God.
Emmeline Pankhurst|My father respected and admired my mother and was a person who was always standing by my side, encouraging me to do more and believed in my capacity. So in that sense, my own experience was very good in becoming an empowered woman. From early on, I carried that strong message: 'You can do it.' So I never had any doubt that women can do a lot.
|If God decides to elevate you, who out there would dare to downgrade you?
Jeffrey Fischer|humanity suffers terribly from the demons it has created over lengths of time. we learn from nothing that we do. we create religions, heritage, race, traditions, then they all in turn become our stumbling blocks from becoming one. we suffer from the creations of our own inability to interpret history. the only thing we have succeded on is seperation.we are not that different from one another as we think we are. but we are too corrupted to break our deconstruction.
Pierre Bourdieu, Distinction: A Social Critique of the Judgement of Taste|Thus, for an adequate interpretation of the differences found between the classes or within the same class as regards their relation to the various legitimate arts, painting, music, theatre, literature etc., one would have to analyse fully the social uses, legitimate or illegitimate, to which each of the arts, genres, works or institutions considered lends itself. For example, nothing more clearly affirms one's 'class', nothing more infallibly classifies, than tastes in music.
Julius Erving|There is no such thing as luck. It's a fancy name for being always at our duty, and so sure to be ready when good time comes.
Ann Wertz Garvin, I Like You Just Fine When You're Not Around|Why do you think movies and fiction authors invent vampires, lottery winners, and soulmates? I'll tell you why: because watching someone brush their teeth, shop for sandwich meat, and change the toilet paper roll is as mind-numbing for the observer as it is for the observed. Problem is, we live the toilet paper life, not the vampire life.'....'But we expect the vampires.
Debra Anastasia, Bittersweet Seraphim|I never have sympathy for those that have been blinded by the path of God. You chose to walk into the light, not realizing that you were already chained within the darkness. When a hand was offered to you, you looked up into the sky, and bowed your head in blind obedience, when you should have been creating a new possibility. Nothing is more pathetic than to see ignorance in action. Nothing is more laughable than to see the obedient ask an illusion for more power to stay frivolously obedient. I never have sympathy for those that have been blinded by the path of God. I only have sympathy for the Devil...
Michelle Smart, Once Upon A Twist|The silence stretched out between us as I stared at him, the tears blurring my vision as I waited for him to save me from this torment. Surely he could find a way.
Whoopi Goldberg, Book|Art is long, life is short.
Keith Jarrett|Unfortunately, the young generation, who I believe have their own place in the sun like I had mine; but I wish it was possible there were other ways to have them understand this music was here before they came, and the reason that it was here.
Anthony Liccione|Faith is, believing there is still a star out there to wish on, just for you, tucked away behind dark clouds.
Terry Pratchett, Witches Abroad|The great delusion of modernity, is that the laws of nature explain the universe for us. The laws of nature describe the universe, they describe the regularities. But they explain nothing.
Anonymous|In life we come across people who ditch us, break us. But we still continue to trust. We are scared of getting hurt again but we still trust, still share and still open our hearts to them. Why? Why do we trust even after knowing that people change?
John Edward Redmond|When any government, or any church for that matter, undertakes to say to its subjects, This you may not read, this you must not see, this you are forbidden to know, the end result is tyranny and oppression no matter how holy the motives.
Jack Nicklaus|As soon as men know that they can kill without fear of punishment or blame, they kill; or at least they encourage killers with approving smiles.
Jerome K. Jerome, Gaslit Nightmares: Stories by Robert W. Chambers, Charles Dickens, Richard Marsh, and Others|There are our ghosts,' Smithers said.It was a word he liked to use, said Brewster. Like most of us Brewster had read a few ghost stories, and to him the word 'ghosts' summoned up the creaking floorboards of a haunted house, shrouded white figures gliding silently through darkness, fluttering robes moving of their own bodiless accord, strangely transparent coaches travelling swiftly down a midnight road, and other such images quite remote from the chanting and drumming of desert folk in gaudy garb, with jingling anklets and necklaces, under a hot fierce sun. But the sounds of the Thar came from some invisible source, and to Smithers they were sounds made by ghosts.("Smithers And The Ghosts Of The Thar")
Hermann Hesse|Workshops, churches, and palaces were full of these fatal works of art; he had even helped with a few himself. They were deeply disappointing because they aroused the desire for the highest and did not fulfill it. They lacked to most essential thing—mystery. That was what dreams and truly great works of art had in common: mystery... It is mystery I love and pursue.
Patricia Robin Woodruff, The Call of the Spectacled Owl|I could feel a deep connection to Spirit in every glorious sunset and awesome wonder in every uncurling flower, but I couldn’t feel anything like that in the hollow words of men gone by.
Katherine McIntyre, Hunting for Spring|He knew too well the sting of loneliness and how over time it stole you away, piece by piece, until a mere shell remained.
Nora Ephron|He closed the pages and stuffed them back into his jacket. Keeping his eyes cast downwards as he sipped his wine, he pulled out and lit a cigarette – almost a post-coital gesture. from The Willow Lake Group by Kelly Proudfoot
Balajinnatha Pandita, Specific Principles of Kashmir Saivism|The mystic's idea of deliberately stupefying and stultifying himself is an "abomination unto the Lord." This, by the way, does not conflict with the rules of Yoga. That kind of suppression is comparable to the restrictions in athletic training, or diet in sickness.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh|The web of marriage is made by propinquity, in the day to day living side by side, looking outward in the same direction. It is woven in space and in time of the substance of life itself.
Dani Alexander, Shattered Glass|Being gay is like glitter, it never goes away.
Anthony D. Ravenscroft, Polyamory: Roadmaps for the Clueless and Hopeful: An Introduction on Polyamory|Polyamorous people are wary of having others' values inflicted upon themselves, and so tend to stay very far away from making such pronouncements, to the point that they will actively ignore predatory behavior that is affecting their own "community.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In state of deep depression, I stayed alone; my time was occupied with reading sacred books.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you want to be strong, exercise; if you want to be wise, study; if you want to be happy, smile; and if you want to be invincible, love.
John Masefield|Give me the purple smoke, rising higher and higher into my brain until I dance with the purple butterflies.” -Girl with the violet eyes.
Jodi Picoult, Between the Lines|I am not here to serve myself. I am not here to be lauded, petted, admired or ‘affirmed.’ I am here to build men, cultures and kingdoms. When I find myself in the midst of difficulties and pain, will I persevere, or will I become a coward and pity myself? We do not have time for self-pity! We have much to do, and the hour is late! We need a broader vision of home than just ourselves as wives and mothers, sisters and daughters. We need to understand that we are to work to build Christ’s kingdom—for eternity!
Steven Magee, Curing Electromagnetic Hypersensitivity|People with Electromagnetic Hypersensitivity (EHS) have the unfortunate choice of suffering Radio Frequency (RF) sickness without electromagnetically screening their homes or to get natural radiation deficiency sickness with the RF protective screening installed, the choice is which sickness is the most tolerable. It is a really bad situation to be in.
Elizabeth George, Finding God's Path Through Your Trials: His Help for Every Difficulty You Face|Faith is not a hothouse plant that must be shielded from wind and rain, so delicate that it has to be protected, but it’s like the sturdy oak which becomes stronger with every wind that blows upon it. An easy time weakens faith, while strong trials strengthen it.
Cesare Pavese|When I first started swinging a bat, I swung righty. So one time, my dad came home, and he wanted to see my batting stance. So I showed him. He says, 'You don't hit right-handed. You hit left-handed.' At that age I didn't even really think about it. Just like 'all right,' and I switched hands. He said I'd thank him later.
Seanan McGuire, The Ghosts of Bourbon Street|I have a swizzle stick shaped like a little monkey,” announced Rose. “Let’s help the dead man with his problem.
Carol Vorvain, A fool in Istanbul - Adventures of a self denying workaholic|In his humble opinion, she possessed the least appealing traits a woman can put on display: undiscriminating curiosity and nonsensical verbosity.
Sydney J. Harris|Concentrate on the goodness in the other, rather than the difference.
Timothy S. Lane, Relationships: A Mess Worth Making|reconciling grace, saving grace of Jesus"[In regards to struggles and potential in relationship],..we are sinner with capacity to to do great damage to ourselves and our relationships. We need God's grace to save us from ourselves. But we are also God's children, which means that we have great hope and potential-- not hope that rests on our gifts, experience, or track record, but hope that rests in Christ. Because he is in us and we are in him, it is right to say that our potential IS Christ. We are well aware that we are smack-dab in the middle of God's process of sanctification. And because this is true, we will struggle again. Selfishness, pride, an unforgiving spirit, irritation, and impatience will certainly return. But we are neither afraid nor hopeless. We have experienced what God can do in the middle of the mess. This side of heaven, relationships and ministry are always shaped in the forge of struggle. None of us get to relate to perfect people or avoid the effects of the fall on the work we attempt to do. Yet amid the mess, we find the highest joys of relationship and ministry.
Orhan Pamuk|I saw myself in the mirror, and from my expression I had a shocking intimation of the rift between my body and my soul. Whereas my face was drained by defeat and shock, inside my head was another universe: I now understood as an elemental fact of life that while I was here, inside my body was a soul, a meaning, that all things were made of desire, touch, and love, that what I was suffering was composed of the same elements.
Salman Rushdie|If you want to make God laugh, tell him-her your plan
Osho|If you have never been hated by your child, you have never been a parent.
Novalis, Novalis: Philosophical Writings|Man has one name, and many more than two natures. But the essential two are these: that he shall strive to impose order on chaos, and that he shall strive to take advantage of chaos… A third element of man’s nature is this: that he shall not understand what he is doing.
Betty Friedan, The Feminine Mystique|Why should anyone raise an eyebrow because a latter-day Einstein’s wife expects her husband to put aside that lifeless theory of relativity and help her with the work that is supposed to be the essence of life itself: diaper the baby and don’t forge to rinse the soiled diaper in the toilet paper before putting it in the diaper pail, and then wax the kitchen floor.
Julian Pencilliah|The First and Worst sin couples commit against one another is not adultery but Negligence because it's Negligence that breeds adultery..watch it couples , do not hold back in giving that care and attention.
C.S. Lewis|The home is the ultimate career. All other careers exist for one purpose, and that is to support the ultimate career.
Desmond Tutu|Forgiveness is a way of opening up the doors again and moving forward, whether it's a personal life or a national life.
Christopher Isherwood, A Single Man|No, Geo—underneath all that, Nan really loves me. It’s just she wants me to see things her way. You know, she’s two years older; that meant a lot when we were children. I’ve always thought of her as being sort of like a road—I mean, she leads somewhere. With her, I’ll never lose my way.
Mark Z. Danielewski|Smiling is confusing, she thought. This is why I don’t do it.
Richard Feynman, What Do You Care What Other People Think?|We have been led to imagine all sorts of things infinitely more marvelous than the imagining of poets and dreamers of the past. It shows that the imagination of nature is far, far greater than the imagination of man. For instance, how much more remarkable it is for us all to be stuck-half of us upside down-by a mysterious attraction, to a spinning ball that has been swinging in space for billions of years, than to be carried on the back of an elephant supported on a tortoise swimming in a bottomless sea.
Sherman Alexie, You Don't Have to Say You Love Me|As fantastical as America’s space ambitions might have seemed, sending a man into space was starting to feel like a straightforward task compared to putting black and white students together in the same Virginia classrooms.
Katy Perry|Always" is a good word to believe in.
Jeremy Sisto|After the 9/11 incidents, Islam has become a big question mark among westerners, especially Americans. The mass media constantly raise the issue of relationship between Islam and terrorism.
Tom Holland|A conservative is a man with two perfectly good legs who, however, has never learned how to walk forward.
Henry Hazlitt|End of Construction. Thank you 'for your patience. " Inscription on Ruth Bell Graham's grave -- inspired hy a road sign she saw.
Stella Payton|Plato is my friend, Aristotle is my friend, but my greatest friend is truth.
J.D. Robb|She, as no other ever could, reached every corner of his heart. His joy, and his salvation.
Saim .A. Cheeda|Show me that horizon, promise me a world better than this on the other side of the sun.
Thomas Paine, Rights of Man|Our tolerance is part of what makes Britain Britain. So conform to it, or don't come here.
Swami Vivekananda|An acre of poppies and a forest of spruce boggle no one’s mind. Even ten square miles of wheat gladdens the hearts of most . . . No, in the plant world, and especially among the flowering plants, fecundity is not an assault on human values. Plants are not our competitors; they are our prey and our nesting materials. We are no more distressed at their proliferation than an owl is at a population explosion among field mice . . . but in the animal world things are different, and human feelings are different . . . Fecundity is anathema only in the animal. "Acres and acres of rats" has a suitably chilling ring to it that is decidedly lacking if I say, instead, "acres and acres of tulips".
Chris Dee|The principles of storytelling do not change. Going home. Coming of age. Sin and redemption. The hero. The journey, The power of love. They are hardwired into us, just like our taste buds process sweet, sour, bitter, and salt. Can a new voice come up with something startling and creative and unprecedented? Absolutely. Can they invent a fifth taste? No. No, they can’t. Can they make it so we don’t like sweet anymore? No, no they can’t.
Alan Lee|When I draw something, I try to build some kind of history into it. Drawing an object that has a certain amount of wear and tear or rust; or a tree that is damaged. I love trying to render not just the object, but what it has been through.
Jules Verne, Journey to the Center of the Earth|We are of opinion that instead of letting books grow moldy behind an iron grating, far from the vulgar gaze, it is better to let them wear out by being read.
Roxane Gay, Bad Feminist|How do we reconcile the imperfections of feminism with all the good it can do? In truth, feminism is flawed because it is a movement powered by people and people are inherently flawed. For wathever reason, we hold feminism to an unreasonable standard where the movement must be everything we want and must always make the best choices. When feminism falls short of our expectations, we decide the problem is with feminism rather than with the flawed people who act in the name of the movement.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|Raise the bar for yourself, increase, improve and inspire others to do same. Never miss the success of each day!
Erik Pevernagie|Love is hope and expectation. If many want to pencil it in, some don’t dare to ink it in, because love also means mystery and enigma. ( " Love as dizzy as a cathedral")
Robert M. Drake, Black Butterfly|Chaos,leave me never,keep me wildand keep me freeso that mybrokenness will be,the only beautythe world will see.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Best memories never hurt, with good memories an individual can pass his whole life without depending on others...
Candy Schulman|As long as high schools strive to list the number of Ivy League schools their graduates attend and teachers pile on work without being trained to identify stress-related symptoms, I fear for our children’s health. I am not mollified by the alums of my daughter’s school who return to tell everyone that the rigor of high school prepared them for college, making their first year easier than they’d anticipated.If they make it that far.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Inspirational Quotes Of The Day, Inspirational Quotes About Life, Inspirational Quotes For Work, Inspirational Quotes For Difficult Time, Life Quotes Inspirational Quotes, Quotes Of The Day Motivational, Best Motivational Quotes, Motivational Quotes, best inspirational quotes, life quotes, quotes about life, inspirational life quotes, inspirational quotes about life, quotes on life
Debasish Mridha|To live a worthy life, just love. Love is the essence of life and it makes the life worthwhile.
Millicent Ashby, The Glass Serpent|I remember remembering,” she muttered, sitting down with a heavy sigh; she pulled her legs up to wrap her arms around her knees. “Feelings. Emotions. Like I have all these shelves in my head, labeled for memories and faces, but they’re empty. As if everything before this is just on the other side of a white curtain. Including you.
Elizabeth Kostova, The Swan Thieves|And how could anyone consent to give up the smell of open books, old or new?
Edwin Arlington Robinson|Whenever Richard Cory went down town,We people on the pavement looked at him:He was a gentleman from sole to crown,Clean favored, imperially slim.And he was always quietly arrayed,And he was always human when he talked;But still he fluttered pulses when he said,'Good-morning,' and he glittered when he walked.And he was rich--yes, richer than a king--And admirably schooled in every grace:In fine, we thought that he was everythingTo make us wish that we were in his place.So on we worked, and waited for the light,And went without the meat, and cursed the bread;And Richard Cory, one calm summer night,Went home and put a bullet through his head.
J.R.R. Tolkien, Tolkien on Fairy-stories|Although now long estranged,Man is not wholly lost nor wholly changed.Dis-graced he may be, yet is not de-throned,and keeps the rags of lordship once he owned:Man, Sub-creator, the refracted Lightthrough whom is splintered from a single Whiteto many hues, and endlessly combinedin living shapes that move from mind to mind.Though all the crannies of the world we filledwith Elves and Goblins, though we dared to buildGods and their houses out of dark and light,and sowed the seed of dragons- 'twas our right(used or misused). That right has not decayed:we make still by the law in which we're made.Fantasy remains a human right: we make in our measure and in our derivative mode, because we are made: and not only made, but made in the image and likeness of a Maker.
Rob Davis, The Motherless Oven|What does natural mean?Means non-artificial. Made by nature.But nature can't make things. It's not a person.Nature is the things that aren't made by people.But we're made by people, so what does that make us? Are we artificial?
Jeffrey Fry|Love is about giving freedom and power, not about gaining control or possession.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|The prank is entitled "Subverting the Patriarchal Paradigm".
Simon Sebag Montefiore, The Romanovs: 1613-1918|Who is fit to be elected?' asked Napoleon. 'A Caesar, an Alexander only comes along once a century, so that election must be a matter of chance.
John Stuart Mill, On Liberty|The eternal difference between right and wrong does not fluctuate, it is immutable.
Nicholas Sparks, Message in a Bottle|Theresa, I know there's a part of you that believes you can change someone, but the reality is that you can't. You can change yourself, and Garrett can change himself, but you can't do it for him.
Gerry Cooney|I think there's no question that vaccines have been absolutely critical in ridding us of the scourge of many diseases - smallpox, polio, etc. So vaccines are an invaluable medication. Like any medication, they also should be - what shall we say? - approved by a regulatory board that people can trust.
Barry Unsworth, Sacred Hunger|We forgive sometimes, and sometimes we don't. One thing that's consistent is, at least in the early going, we love to punish and we need to find a villian.
George MacDonald, Mary Marston|We need to have an understanding that no matter how difficult the situation is, the victory is ours
Dan Simmonsons, The Rise of Endymion|But the beginning of things, of a world especially, is necessarily vague, tangled, chaotic, and exceedingly disturbing.
Anthony Doerr|Leave home, leave the country, leave the familiar. Only then can routine experience—buying bread, eating vegetables, even saying hello—become new all over again.
Gabrielle Harbowy, Hellmaw: Of the Essence|Take your hands off my sentences, asshole. I sweat blood for that shit.
Bhavik Sarkhedi, The Weak Point Dealer|At any specific stage of your life, you are certain about few things which when passes over the time to be something uncertain and vice versa.
Terry Pratchett|It's strange. How hollow i feel. Like there might be echoes inside of me. Like I'm one of those chocolate rabbits they used to sell around Easter, the ones that were nothing more than a sweet shell encapsulating a world of nothing. I'm like that. I encapsulate a world of nothing.
Peggy Toney Horton|You are an intriguing combination, half child, half seductress, half angel.
Joris-Karl Huysmans|How inferior the human machine is, compared to man-made machines. They can be decoked, unscrewed, oiled and parts replaced. Decidedly, nature is not a very wonderful thing.
Sylvester Stallone|Everything has become so easy. It's great that it's at your fingertips, but I miss those good old days. And we're connected, but it can be very alienating. There is this distance between all of us because we're speaking to each other through cameras and monitors and icons and Emojis.
Courtney M. Privett, Mayfly Requiem|What do you live for when everyone and everything you love is gone? Do you keep going, keep stumbling through the dark, or do you find something new to cherish? Maybe neither. Maybe you walk silently and ignore the blows time takes on your heart.
Richelle Mead, The Ruby Circle|I shook my head, smiling in spite of myself, and gave him a kiss on the cheek. Adrian. My husband. If anyone had told me a year ago that I'd be married, I would've said they were joking. If they'd told me I'd be married to a vampire, I would've said they were delusional. Looking at Adrian now, I felt a surge of love well up within me, despite our earlier tension. I could no longer imagine a life without him in it. It was impossible. Could I imagine a life with him that didn't involve us being trapped in a suite of rooms with his mother while both our people reviled us and made plans against us? Definitely. There were any number of futures I'd love to have for us, but his was our current path until something spectacular happened. Outside, the Court's gates, my people wanted to imprison me. Inside them, his people wanted to assault him. At least in this suite, we were safe. Most importantly, we were together.
Chris Brown|I grew up in a family with two very strong women, my mother and my older sister, and they were big influences on my life.
Claire Dederer, Poser: My Life in Twenty-three Yoga Poses|If Samkhya-Yoga philosophy does not explain the reason and origin of the strange partnership between the spirit and experience, at least tries to explain the nature of their association, to define the character of their mutual relations. These are not real relationships, in the true sense of the word, such as exist for example between external objects and perceptions. The true relations imply, in effect, change and plurality, however, here we have some rules essentially opposed to the nature of spirit.“States of consciousness” are only products of prakriti and can have no kind of relation with Spirit the latter, by its very essence, being above all experience. However and for SamPhya and Yoga this is the key to the paradoxical situation the most subtle, most transparent part of mental life, that is, intelligence (buddhi) in its mode of pure luminosity (sattva), has a specific quality that of reflecting Spirit. Comprehension of the external world is possible only by virtue of this reflection of purusha in intelligence. But the Self is not corrupted by this reflection and does not lose its ontological modalities (impassibility, eternity, etc.). The Yoga-sutras (II, 20) say in substance: seeing (drashtri; i.e., purusha) is absolute consciousness (“sight par excellence”) and, while remaining pure, it knows cognitions (it “looks at the ideas that are presented to it”). Vyasa interprets: Spirit is reflected in intelligence (buddhi), but is neither like it nor different from it. It is not like intelligence because intelligence is modified by knowledge of objects, which knowledge is ever-changing whereas purusha commands uninterrupted knowledge, in some sort it is knowledge. On the other hand, purusha is not completely different from buddhi, for, although it is pure, it knows knowledge. Patanjali employs a different image to define the relationship between Spirit and intelligence: just as a flower is reflected in a crystal, intelligence reflects purusha. But only ignorance can attribute to the crystal the qualities of the flower (form, dimensions, colors). When the object (the flower) moves, its image moves in the crystal, though the latter remains motionless. It is an illusion to believe that Spirit is dynamic because mental experience is so. In reality, there is here only an illusory relation (upadhi) owing to a “sympathetic correspondence” (yogyata) between the Self and intelligence.
Morgan Matson, The Unexpected Everything|Finely blinked, "Griffin?""That's my girl." He murmured in a low tone, so no one but her could hear. Then, as the crowd drew too close, he swept her away,
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Fell Beneath Fairyland and Led the Revels There|Love not only transform your mental and emotional character/attitude, it also shifts your physical being, which goes thru subtle changes also. Love is POWERFUL! God is love.
L.J. Shen, Defy|My hands still on his shoulders. “Hi,” he says. “Sorry.” “For what?” “For the fact that you are such a big flirt.” He laughs. “You’re the one in my lap. I was just sitting here minding my own business.” “Just the plane, then?” “Of course.” I try to stand up, but he pulls me back down again. “Man, the plane is really bumpy today,” he says.
Mark Zuckerberg|Man is alone everywhere. But the solitude of the Mexican, under the great stone night of the high plateau that is still inhabited by insatiable gods, is very different from that of the North American, who wanders in an abstract world of machines, fellow citizens and moral precepts.
Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching|The heart that gives, gathers.
Hannah Baston, Alone: A shocking story of child abuse|For many people, the shock of sexual abuse pales before the shock of this mother’s statement, “I wish the fuck I never had her.” So thoroughly is motherhood sentimentalized that the mother who wishes to be rid of her child is considered a monster. In reality, women have always greeted the burden of motherhood ambivalently, even in the best of circumstances, and many women bear children involuntarily. But the approbrium which attaches to any woman who willing gives up her child is so great that some mothers will keep and mistreat their children rather than admit that they cannot care for them. Sometimes, the revelation of maternal neglect constitutes a plea for outside intervention, signaling the fact that a mother wants to be relieved of the duty to care for her child.
Douglas R. Hofstadter|But every now and then, when I steal a glance at the Girl, or feel her eyes on me, I helplessly drift back to thinking about her.
Ann Brashares, Sisterhood Everlasting|Like most humanoids, I am burdened with what the Buddhists call the "monkey mind"--the thoughts that swing from limb to limb, stopping only to scratch themselves, spit and howl. From the distant past to the unknowable future, my mind swings wildly through time, touching on dozens of ideas a minute, unharnessed and undisciplined. This in itself is not necessarily a problem; the problem is the emotional attachment that goes along with the thinking. Happy thoughts make me happy, but-whoop!-how quickly I swing again into obsessive worry, blowing the mood; and then it's all over again; and then my mind decides it might be a good time to start feeling sorry for itself, and loneliness follows promptly. You are, after all, what you think. Your emotions are the slaves to your thoughts, and you are the slave to your emotions.
Bess Streeter Aldrich|Regardless of the popular literary trend of the times, write the thing which lies close to your heart.
Taylor Swift|I write while listening to music, mostly because the world beyond my headphones is too chaotic.
Lao Tzu|Existence is beyond the power of wordsTo define:Terms may be usedBut are none of them absolute.In the beginning of heaven and earth there were no words,Words came out of the womb of matter;And whether a man dispassionatelySees to the core of lifeOr passionatelySees the surface,The core and the surfaceAre essentially the same,Words making them seem differentOnly to express appearance.If name be needed, wonder names them both:From wonder into wonderExistence opens.
Sarmad Shaheed, The Rubaiyat  of Sarmad|In reality, I am not dependent, butSo as to keep dignity of the GenerousI have resorted to beggary.
Debasish Mridha|Confidence is the beauty, kindness is the charm, style is the uniqueness and fashion is the mask.
Ben Carson|You control your future, your destiny. What you think about comes about. By recording your dreams and goals on paper, you set in motion the process of becoming the person you most want to be. Put your future in good hands - your own.
Sylvia Earle|Fourth of July. My birthday is July first, and my best friend's birthday is July fifth, so it's always been a favorite holiday. It's all about having a cooler full of sodas, hot dogs, and just hanging out and shooting off firecrackers, being low-key, watching the fireworks.
NightWriter-Booksie|Although I speak very highly of Marines, whether they are enlisted or officers, there always seems to be a statistical anomaly when it comes to the ratio of shitbags to non-shitbags everywhere in the world.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|God will generously give you wisdom, if thy will ask.
J.K. Rowling|Professor Moody!" said a shocked voice.Professor McGonagall was coming down the marble staircase with her arms full of books."Hello, Professor McGonagall," said Moody calmly, bouncing the ferret still higher."What - what are you doing?" said Professor McGonagall, her eyes following the bouncing ferret's progress through the air."Teaching," said 
Germany Kent|The truth no matter how hard it is to bear, must be accepted and confronted head on because it is real. Businesses and people who accept truth soar.
Ariel Sharon|The real Likud knows how to make peace, to give up territory, and on the other hand is conservative and responsible. My world view is that of the real Likud that truly came and safeguarded the Land of Israel.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|So," he asked. "How's death?""Hard," she said. "It just keeps going.
Teresa of Ávila|In order that love be fully satisfied, It is necessary that It lower Itself and that It lower Itself to nothingness and transform this nothingness into fire.
Osamu Dazai, The Setting Sun|When I pretended to be precocious, people started the rumor that I was precocious. When I acted like an idler, rumor had it I was an idler. When I pretended I couldn't write a novel, people said I couldn't write. When I acted like a liar, they called me a liar. When I acted like a rich man, they started the rumor I was rich. When I feigned indifference, they classed me as the indifferent type. But when I inadvertently groaned because I was really in pain, they started the rumor that I was faking suffering. The world is out of joint.
Cole Ryan, Dear Guys: A New Way To Date|Then let me be your mercy,” he said. “I’ll never be able to give you smart answers about why we suffer, but I can come into your world and try to be some kind of help to you.
Madeleine L'Engle|If it can be verified, we don't need faith... Faith is for that which lies on the other side of reason. Faith is what makes life bearable, with all its tragedies and ambiguities and sudden, startling joys.
Aisha Tyler|In America the schools have become too permissive, the kids now are controlling the schools, the tail is wagging the dog. We've got to make a change there and get it back to where the teachers have control of the classrooms.
Isaac Asimov, Robot Visions|We all know, intuitively, that if something is humanly possible, it is possible for ourselves.
C. JoyBell C.|You look beautiful sitting there spitting at me like a she-cat. All I have to do is look at you, and I lust. I'm going to take you back to the hotel and take off that delectable dress and make love to you until you don't have the energy to be mad at me anymore." Ian Connelly, Marquis of Derne
Søren Kierkegaard|Love has many positionings. Cordelia makes good progress. She is sitting on my lap, her arm twines, soft and warm, round my neck; she leans upon my breast, light, without gravity; the soft contours scarcely touch me; like a flower her lovely figure twines about me, freely as a ribbon. Her eyes are hidden beneath her lashes, her bosom is dazzling white like snow, so smooth that my eye cannot rest, it would glance off if her bosom were not moving. What does this movement mean? Is it love? Perhaps. It is a presentiment of it, its dream. It still lacks energy. Her embrace is comprehensive, as the cloud enfolding the transfigured one, detached as a breeze, soft as the fondling of a flower; she kisses me unspecifically, as the sky kisses the sea, gently and quietly, as the dew kisses a flower, solemnly as the sea kisses the image of the moon.I would call her passion at this moment a naive passion. When the change has been made and I begin to draw back in earnest, she will call on everything she has to captivate me. She has no other means for this purpose than the erotic itself, except that this will now appear on a quite different scale. It then becomes a weapon in her hand which she wields against me. I then have the reflected passion. She fights for her own sake because she knows I possess the erotic; she fights for her own sake so as to overcome me. She herself is in need of a higher form of the erotic. What I taught her to suspect by arousing her, my coldness now teaches her to understand but in such a way that she thinks it is she herself who discovers it. So she wants to take me by surprise; she wants to believe that she has outstripped me in audacity, and that makes me her prisoner. Her passion then becomes specific, energetic, conclusive, dialectical; her kiss total, her embrace without hesitation.—In me she seeks her freedom and finds it the better the more firmly I encompass her. The engagement bursts. When that has happened she needs a little rest, so that nothing unseemly will emerge from this wild tumult. Her passion then composes itself once more and she is mine.”—from_Either/Or: A Fragment of Life_, (as written by his pseudonym Johannes the Seducer)
Hilaire Belloc, The Path to Rome|For I know that we laughers have a gross cousinship with the most high, and it is this contrast and perpetual quarrel which feeds a spring of merriment in the soul of a sane man.
Jeanine Joy, Ph.D.|The very nature of education encourages group think and a fear of getting it wrong. When you read what great leaders throughout history have said, the willingness to take risks and be wrong is what leads to their eventual success. The thing that separates those who become great leaders and those who don’t is that great leaders are resilient. When their plans do not work out they try again. They don’t stop trying until they meet with success.
Jettie Necole, Ruby|... The freshly devoured peppermint she loved lofted from her breath and up to his nose with her loud bellow of Father in his ear, and Caxton was sure that he could smell that scent now out in the crisp night air. "You demon!" he screamed with all his might. ...
Camryn Manheim|People deal too much with the negative, with what is wrong. Why not try and see positive things, to just touch those things and make them bloom?
Chris Wooding, Broken Sky: #04|You leave a rumor long enough, give it the right soil, and it'll grow into a fact . . .
A.L. Jackson, Pulled|When sweet lullabies are whispered into the sky, my heart is filled with with the sorrow of time. So when the kiss of a midnight moon ends, drop sweet nothings to fill my ear. Too many years to be sincere, and too many lost favorites that were never there.A tear or two, and maybe three; apathy is-and may not be me. 
Gloria Steinem, My Life on the Road|You should write about take no-shit women like me. Girls need to know they can break the rules" p.79
Marisa de los Santos, Belong to Me|Chicken Soup for the Soul". You've heard of these books, am I right? We've all heard of them. But I wonder if you're aware of just how many "Chicken Soup" books exist on the planet. No offense, but I doubt it. I doubt it because in the time it would take you to come up with a number, the number would have become obsolete. Even as you read this, in some quiet, fecund place, another "Chicken Soup" book is being born.
Jason Statham|When I was growing up, my dad didn't have weights, so he made himself a weight bench. Instead of a hand-me-down jacket, it was a hand-me-down weight bench.
Sheri S. Tepper, King's Blood Four|I tell you, lad, that men will believe is one says, "The Gods say..." They will believe if one says, "I had a Vision..." They will believe if one says, "It was told me on a tablet of hidden gold..." But, if one says, "History teaches," then they will not believe.
Heidi Klum|People are more comfortable learning about wine because now they can just Google, you know, 'Soave,' and say, 'Oh, O.K., cool.'
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|It breaks my heart. Better than your words, your eye tells me all your peril.You are not yet free, you still search for freedom. Your search has fatigued you and made you too wakeful.You long for the open heights, your soul thirsts for the stars. But your bad instincts too thirst for freedom. Your fierce dogs long for freedom; they bark for joy in their cellar when your spirit aspires to break open all prisons.To me you are still a prisoner who imagines freedom: ah, such prisoners of the soul become clever, but also deceitful and base.
Gustave Flaubert, Sentimental Education|Whenever I happen to be in a city of any size, I marvel that riots do not break out everyday: Massacres, unspeakable carnage, a doomsday chaos. How can so many human beings coexist in a space so confined without hating each other to death?
Robert Jordan, The Eye of the World|I always find heroes who are just like me, I forget they’re only human, and like me, broken
Michael Bassey Johnson|That night, when you kissed me, I thought you did it because you were drinking. All I could focus on was getting you home before you did something you’d regret in the morning. I didn't want to be your regret, Serenity. My heart couldn’t handle it. Shit, it's been two years and my heart still can't handle the fact that we don’t talk anymore.
Kat Kaelin, LONE WALK FROM PANTHER CREEK: BASED ON A TRUE STORY - Dirty Little Secrets - Reader Discretion Advised|Suspense, murder, revenge, scandal; a delicious cocktail party.
Herman Melville|For, thought Ahab, while even the highest earthly felicities ever have a certain unsignifying pettiness lurking in them, but, at bottom, all heartwoes, a mystic significance, and, in some men, an archangelic grandeur; so do their diligent tracings-out not blue the obvious deduction. To trail the genealogies of these high mortal miseries, carries us at last among the sourceless primogenitures of the gods; so that, in the face of all the glad, hay-making suns, and the softcymballing, round the harvest-moons, we must needs give in to this: that the gods themselves are not for ever glad. The ineffaceable, sad birth-mark in the brow of man, is but the stamp of sorrow in the signers.
Plutarch, Parallel Lives|It is a thing of no great difficulty to raise objections against another man's oration, it is a very easy matter; but to produce a better in it's place is a work extremely troublesome.
Hunter S. Thompson, The Proud Highway: Saga of a Desperate Southern Gentleman, 1955-1967|I have no taste for either poverty or honest labor, so writing is the only recourse left for me.
Jan Hunter|Snowmageddon.Dirty glacial clouds hammered the city's anvil. On the District of Columbia’s northwestern edge, gusts of snow rolled across the Park Road Bridge like volcanic ash.
Ami McKay, The Virgin Cure|There she was, the mother of me, like a lit plinth,Heavenly, though I was reared to find this kind Of visitation impractical; she was an unbearable detailOf the supreme celestial map,Of which I had been taught that there wasNo such thing.
Angie karan|We are our own greatest teachers. One way to follow our daily bliss is to let our inner guidance system to imagine and acknowledge, all our blessings. This determines the criteria of our day, which is JOY. It puts us in tune with the positive constructive energy and raises our vibration. Making a conscious decision to creating our day and enjoy feeling good takes some good practice but the end result is worthwhile
Karen Quan, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|It's quite unfortunate how some people would like you when you are barely making ends meet, but would hate you with a passion if you start to do well.
Don Norman, The Design of Everyday Things|One of my rules in consulting is simple: never solve the problem I am asked to solve. Why such a counter-intuitive rule? Because, invariably, the problem I am asked to solve is not the real, fundamental, root problem.
Sarah Waters, Tipping the Velvet|With every step I took away from her, the movement at my heart and between my legs grew more defined: I felt like a ventriloquist, locking his protesting dolls in to a trunk.
Ehud Barak|The murky world of terrorism is more relevant than ever today: terrorist organizations, whether Bolshevik at the beginning of the twentieth century or Jihadi at the start of the twenty-first, have much in common.
Walter Kirn|Like two side to a coin, there are two sides to life: your reason and emotional facets.
Kae Maruya, Noble Contract|Long ago, the gods argued over where to hide the secret to happiness, so that in finding it, the people would appreciate its importance. One god suggested a high mountain-top. Another wanted to bury it deep in some unknown land. And yet another said to hide it in the darkest waters of the ocean. Where do you suppose they hid it? They hid it in the depths of the heart. Happiness lies within one's heart. When you touch someone's heart, or your heart is touched, you feel happiness. People are made that way.
Jacque Fresco|Carl Sagan spoke fluently between biology and geology and astrophysics and physics. If you move fluently across those boundaries, you realize that science is everywhere; science is not something you can step around or sweep under the rug.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|Don't you bully me with your politeness! Love is hard to believe, ask any lover. Life is hard to believe, ask any scientist. God is hard to believe, ask any believer. What is your problem with hard to believe?
Ogwo David Emenike|Relaxation is good, holidays are necessary, but there is nothing as rewarding and healthy as doing what you love and loving what you do. Our honest toil should inspire and satisfy us.
Jessica Sorensen, The Redemption of Callie & Kayden|I shrug and shuffle my toe across the carpet in front of me, feeling silly. "So? It's a compliment being like you."  All the humor evaporates from his face and his honey-brown eyes. Within seconds he has me in his arms and he hugs me like I'm the most important thing in the world to him. "Don't ever change, Callie Lawrence," he whispers in my hair. "Promise me you won't.
Dilip Bathija, The Superhero Soul: Quest for Inspiration, Happiness, Success and Greatness|Think crazily, even if others laugh at you. Act bravely, even if you are all alone.
John Sherman|The few who understand the system will either be so interested in its profits or be so dependent upon its favours that there will be no opposition from that class, while on the other hand, the great body of people, mentally incapable of comprehending the tremendous advantage that capital derives from the system, will bear its burdens without complaint, and perhaps without even suspecting that the system is inimical to their interests.
Mark Twain|Roses are red, violets are blue, I'm schizophrenic, and so am I.
Patrick Ness, A Monster Calls|And if one day,' she said, really crying now, 'you look back and you feel bad for being so angry, if you feel bad for being so angry at me that you couldn't even speak to me, then you have to know, Conor, you have to that is was okay. It was okay. That I knew. I know, okay? I know everything you need to tell me without you having to say it out loud.
Anthony Marais, Delusionism|It is said that the depressive has a clearer view of reality than does the euphoric. Perhaps, but the euphoric has a clearer view of life.
Stephen Richards, Scottish Hard Bastards|It was so funny, I witnessed this with my own eyes, Andy and the screw were like two WWF wrestlers, we were locked behind the grill gates cheering Andy on, the chants started. The chant was to the tune of Jingle Bells and went like this: Stab a screw, stab a screw, stab a screw today, all that fun it is to stab a screw on New Year’s Day, but it was only 29 December.
Lisa Ann Sandell, A Map of the Known World|I wish I could say we all lived happily ever after. I can't. But I can say we lived. Our love for Nate lives, and he's left us this piece of himself in his art; it was his gift to us. We know him through his art, and I can take comfort in that. I guess the thing about high school is, it's the moment when you start to cross from a being a kid to being an adult, and this journey to know yourself begins. Nate's journey ended to early, and I thought I had to run away to some far-off land to start mine. But, for now, it seems to me that I have enough to explore right here. There's a whole continent to discover in myself, and I know that it's love - love for my parents, my friends, my brother, and my art - that will guide me. Love will be my map.
Daphne du Maurier, Echoes from the Macabre: Selected Stories|Then Deborah stood at the wicket gate, the boundary, and there was a woman with outstretched hand, demanding tickets."Pass through," she said when Deborah reached her. "We saw you coming." The wicket gate became a turnstile. Deborah pushed against it and there was no resistance, she was through. "What is it?" she asked. "Am I really here at last? Is this the bottom of the pool?""It could be," smiled the woman. "There are so many ways. You just happened to choose this one."Other people were pressing to come through. They had no faces, they were only shadows. Deborah stood aside to let them by, and in a moment they had gone, all phantoms."Why only now, tonight?" asked Deborah. "Why not in the afternoon, when I came to the pool?""It's a trick," said the woman. "You seize on the moment in time. We were here this afternoon. We're always here. Our life goes on around you, but nobody knows it. The trick's easier by night, that's all.""Am I dreaming, then?" asked Deborah."No," said the woman, "this isn't a dream. And it isn't death, either. It's the secret world."The secret world... It was something Deborah had always known, and now the pattern was complete. The memory of it, and the relief, were so tremendous that something seemed to burst inside her heart."Of course..." she said, "of course..." and everything that had ever been fell into place. There was no disharmony. The joy was indescribable, and the surge of feeling, like wings about her in the air, lifted her away from the turnstile and the woman, and she had all knowledge. That was it - the invasion of knowledge. ("The Pool")
Jacques Barzun, Simple and Direct: A Rhetoric for Writers|I owe all my originality, such as it is, to my determination not to be a literary man. Instead of belonging to a literary club I belong to a municipal council. Instead of drinking and discussing authors and reviews, I sit on committees with capable practical greengrocers and bootmakers... Keep away from books and from men who get their ideas from books, and your own books will always be fresh.
Alexis  Hall|The only times you say what I'm thinking, it's without any of the sarcasm and therefore the exact opposite of what I mean.
Steve Maraboli|It's not about what I SEE for our future, or humanity; It's about what I DO for our future and humanity.
Paulina Ochoa Espejo, The Time of Popular Sovereignty: Process and the Democratic State|Antidemocracy, executive predominance, and elite rule are basic elements of inverted totalitarianism. Antidemocracy does not take the form of overt attacks upon the idea of government by the people. Instead, politically it means encouraging what I have earlier dubbed“civic demobilization,” conditioning an electorate to being aroused for a brief spell, controlling its attention span, and then encouraging distraction or apathy. The intense pace of work and the extended working day, combined with job insecurity, is a formula for political demobilization, for privatizing the citizenry. It works indirectly. Citizens are encouraged to distrust their government and politicians; to concentrate upon their own interests; to begrudge their taxes; and to exchange active involvement for symbolic gratifications of patriotism, collective self-righteousness, and military prowess. Above all, depoliticization is promoted through society’s being enveloped in an atmosphere of collective fear and of individual powerlessness: fear of terrorists, loss of jobs, the uncertainties of pension plans, soaring health costs, and rising educational expenses.
Wilson Greatbatch|When governments become large, voters cannot exercise close oversight, otherwise known as political power.
Jason Padgett, Struck by Genius: How a Brain Injury Made Me a Mathematical Marvel|Your mind is not just the wonderful power house that empowers your action and steps or the driver of your life but a wonderful city. A city in which people and things you think about dwell. Create therefore an effective and efficient licensing office in the city of your thought that will ensure that the right people and things live there. Do well to ensure that you differentiate between people and things that should stay permanently, those that should be just passersby and that which should not even get closer to this wonderful city. If you allow anything at all into this city, the city shall be filled with anything at all and you shall think about anything at all. Mind your mind!
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you have much, be generous; if you have little, be grateful; even if you have nothing, be hopeful.
Maxwell Grantly|The minds of small children are more interested in clockwork trains, jumping in puddles and other important childhood endeavours.
Bernard Cornwell, Enemy of God|Lord Derfel, you do insult a man so very easily. What was it to be? My head in a pit dunged by slaves? What a paltry imagination you do have. Mine, I fear, sometimes seems excessive, even to me.
KanyaACoffman|It is the small trivial things in life that makes a human happy, like opening a pickle jar.
Andi  Jones, Living Without Limits: A Memoir by Andi Jones|Think it, Believe it, Prepare for it, then give all you have to DO it!
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|Some of you say, “Joy is greater than sorrow,” and others say, “Nay, sorrow is the greater.”But I say unto you, they are inseparable.Together they come, and when one sits alone with you at your board, remember that the other is asleep upon your bed.
George R.R. Martin, Tuf Voyaging|The day my father came to claim me, my mother did not wish for me to go. ‘She is a girl,' she said, ‘and I do not think that she is yours. I had a thousand other men.' He tossed his spear at my feet and gave my mother the back of his hand across the face, so she began to weep. ‘Girl or boy, we fight our battles,' he said, ‘but the gods let us choose our weapons.' He pointed to the spear, then to my mother's tears, and I picked up the spear.
P.M. Highlanders, BLACK ROSE: Breve racconto del terrore|This isn't the end, and a beginning looks different. This is the moment in between, when everything still looks possible.
Sarah Kay|He is dangerous," Alton said, his voice rough.She parted her lips to refute his claim. His heated gaze studied her mouth.For a moment, she thought he wanted to kiss her. At the dining table. In front of her brother. Cook, who had just entered the dining hall with a tray full of fresh sourdough rolls. And one human prisoner. For one insane moment, she wanted him to. Kiss her.
David Simon|I would point out that if you're a believer in the Bible, one would have to say the Great Flood is an example of climate change and that certainly wasn't because mankind had overdeveloped hydrocarbon energy.
Erica O'Rourke, Torn|To photograph people is to violate them, by seeing them as they never see themselves, by having knowledge of them that they can never have; it turns people into objects that can be symbolically possessed. Just as a camera is a sublimation of the gun, to photograph someone is a subliminal murder - a soft murder, appropriate to a sad, frightened time.
Jennifer Ryan, The Chilbury Ladies' Choir|And isn't love between two people better than hatred, in this world of violence and mourning? There seemed to me a fragile kindness in their love that survived through this poisonous war. Even though one of them hadn't.
Ophelia London, Love Bites|Take off your dress. Leave the pumps on. Lie down with your hands above your head, don't move..... oh sweet sugar snaps!
John Conrad, Among the Walking Wounded: Soldiers, Survival, and PTSD|I held the cardboard and felt its scissor-cut edge. And for the first time I understood the shape of my grief. I could feel exactly how big it was. It was the strangest feeling, like holding something the size of a mountain in my arms. You have to be patient, he had said. If you want to see something very much, you just have to be patient and wait. There was no patience in my waiting, but time had passed all the same, and worked its careful magic. And now, holding the card in my hands and feeling its edges, all the grief had turned into something different. It was simply love.
Laini Taylor, Strange the Dreamer|He drifted about with his head full of myths, always at least half lost in some otherland of story. Demons and wingsmiths, seraphim and spirits, he love it all.
Christopher Bollen, Orient|Maya repeated the achingly slow process with the remote control in reverse, and in the profound quiet that ensued, looked at Leyla.‘Why are you doing this to me?’Yasmin turned on her mother. ‘She’s not doing anything, she is gay. It’s not a choice. So I think, actually, that you should be telling us why you have such a problem with it.
Sara Massa, The Shifting Moon|Then her brain caught up with her body and a trickle of uncertainty slid through her. She stilled, heart pounding, body aching with the most intense desire she’d ever known. Nathan stopped and raised his head to look down at her, his hand still cupping her breast. He was breathing as hard as she was, his eyes glittering with a hunger so raw it sliced her inside. When she didn’t say anything he started to remove his hand but she tightened her grip and held him there as she gazed into his eyes. “I can’t be just another notch on your belt, Nathan,” she whispered in an agonized voice. Not with him, it would crush her. If that’s all she was to him, she would rather stop things here than continue. She’d already battled long and hard to overcome feeling cheap and used. She wouldn’t do it again for any man, not even Nathan. The anguished look on his face made her feel terrible for saying it, but she’d had to make it clear. “No,” he insisted, leaning down to rest his forehead against hers and closing his eyes. She could feel the urgency in him, the way it strung his muscles tight, the fingers in her hair sliding open to cradle the back of her skull. The protective, possessive gesture made her melt and lean into his hold. “No, you’re not, I swear to God you’re not.
Sandra Kopp, Warrior Queen of Ha-Ran-Fel|Valiant warriors of Ha-Ran-Fel–and brave and noble allies who have joined us–our hour has come! We stand at the threshold: For some, the threshold of eternity; for others, the threshold of a new era. The malignancy spawned in the east now snakes its tendrils across our land to bind us. . .to choke and extinguish us. . .and to replace our young with its own. It comes not with the conventional weapons of warfare, but with magic and devilry. It comes without honorable rules of engagement, for this is not a fair fight. We know nothing of witchcraft or conjuring demons. We cannot hope to defeat such evil with what we know. But some among us will find the way with what lives in their hearts. They will effect the enemy’s destruction. From them will victory spring! For those who fall, the light of heaven will shatter the darkness of death! Those who live will see the dawning of a new day, a glad day, a day of peace and freedom! They will multiply and grow mightier than any who ever lived before!”“WE FIGHT!!” King Ruelon’s final speech.
Rutherford B. Hayes|Slavery is but half abolished, emancipation is but half completed, while millions of freeman with votes in their hands are left without education.
Krista Alasti, Taming Shadows|Been lickin’ peanut-butter spoons? Maybe I should call you butterfingers. It has a better ring than Hella Shella. - Tran'Answer my question, Tran. Right now. Or I show you just what these fingers'--I wiggled my fingers under his nose-- 'can really do.' I took a step closer, erasing the distance between us. 'And let me tell you, emo boy, you are not going to like it. Let’s just say, that peanut butter I ate, freshly made.' I licked my lips with care. 'I’m actually quite skilled when it comes to crushing nuts.' - Shella
Pete Spurrier, Unsavory Elements: Stories of Foreigners on the Loose in China|Why was I still traveling? Was it purely because it was better than turning around and going home, where I would have to make grown-up choices about my future? Or was I waiting to happen across a place that would tell me to stay?
Lilly Hale, Destiny For Three|Well I guess I should ask what your name is in case I slip and touch you without getting permission, I'd like to know who's punching me." She giggled and said, "Nah, you have permission but if you need a name it’s Sindy, S-I-N, not like the girl next door, and what should I call you, besides the man I want to get naked?” He said “Keith, and if you want me to be the boy next door I can try, but I’ll probably fail.” She said- “Nope the boy next door is too much like the one whose nose I just tried to break; you can be the sexy stranger.
John Piper, Don't Waste Your Life|But whatever you do, find the God-centered, Christ-exalting, Bible-saturated passion of your life, and find your way to say it and live for it and die for it. And you will make a difference that lasts. You will not waste your life.
Richard S. Weeder, Surgeon: The View from Behind the Mask|...my patient needed a great deal of reassurance that there had been nothing unusual about the way her mother died, that she had not done something wrong to prevent her mother from experiencing that "spiritual" death with dignity that she had anticipated. All of her efforts and expectations had been in vain, and now this very intelligent woman was in despair. I tried to make clear to her that the belief in the probability of death with dignity is our, and society's, attempt to deal with the reality of what is all too frequently a series of destructive events that involve by their very nature the disintegration of the dying person's humanity. I have not often seen much dignity in the process by which we die.
Rian Prasetia, @sekadar_coretan|merindukanmu adalah indahnya rasa, yang sukar kusembunyikan keresahannya
Muhammad Imran Hasan|To Be Happy, You Only Need To Understand Your Mind....
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|There is more than one way to lose your life; quickly through violence, or fettered-away and wasted around dreadful, toxic people.
Julia Quinn, The Duke and I|You have to wait together - for a week, for a year, for a lifetime, before the final intimate conversation may be attained ... and exhausted. So that ... That in effect was love.
Isak Dinesen|I have found adventure in flying, in world travel, in business, and even close at hand... Adventure is a state of mind - and spirit.
Shaun Hick|We are pushed towards eternal silence from the moment we are born. So when sadness tries to stifle us, we must not give in. We must keep whispering.
Debasish Mridha|Wherever you are, whatever you are doing, do something for peace.
C.G. Jung|The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two chemical substances: if there is any reaction, both are transformed.
Yogesh Pal|...in the end, we as individuals must make the best of our lives. Fix our households, educate ourselves. Learn to live peacefully and within our means.Spread love and not hate to others regardless of the poison they may spread. Life is like that. What we bring to the table of life is what we will have to eat.
Black Elk|We will grieve not, rather find strength in what remains behind. In the faith that looks through death, in years that bring the philosophic mind.
Friedrich A. Hayek, The Fatal Conceit: The Errors of Socialism|In families one can’t choose one’s siblings. Within regions one doesn’t choose one’s neighbors. And if you are one of the world’s leading producers of a critical industrial resource like copper, in the end you can’t really choose your customers. China and Zambia will just have to get along.
Gérard de Nerval, Selected Writings|I have seen so many lands vanish in my wake, torn down like stage sets. What survives of them? An image as fleeting as a dream: whatever beauties I discovered, I already knew by heart.
Francis de Sales, Introduction to the Devout Life|We all colour devotion according to our own likings and dispositions. One man sets great value on fasting, and believes himself to be leading a very devout life, so long as he fasts rigorously, although the while his heart is full of bitterness;–and while he will not moisten his lips with wine, perhaps not even with water, in his great abstinence, he does not scruple to steep them in his neighbour’s blood, through slander and detraction.
Manny Pacquiao|If you practice hard, you can win every battle.
Hayden Thorne, Arabesque|While it was well within their powers to toy around with mortals like hapless puppets, deeper human workings remained elusive to them. The heart, the soul, the very foundation of man’s nature—those were mysteries to the gods, for all their manipulations.
Anthony Liccione|God knew our lives would be really bad sometimes. Like maybe we'd be turned into a monster and then our best friend would get killed. So he made up this story about hell, so we could always say, 'Well it could be worse. It could be hell.' And then we'd keep going.
John Mark Green|As a bird with beautiful feathers is the target of hunters, so the gifted are targets of the envious.
Cate Campbell Beatty, Donor 23|...then inn a conversational tone said, "I slapped my Aunt Martha. When my fiancé died. She told me God needed him in heaven, and I hauled off and slapped her, a sixty year old woman....People say unbelievable things to you. They deserve slapping.
Sunday Adelaja|Once you become delivered, you have to find your calling and how to discover God’s purpose for your life
D.H. Lawrence, The First Lady Chatterley|Any man's a fool who lets himself be a wage-earning slave, today.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Unpublished Writings from the Period of Unfashionable Observations|For a man who finds life tolerable only by staying on the surface of himself, it is natural to be satisfied with offering no more than his surface to others.
Alice Hoffman, Skylight Confessions|People will come and go, so enjoy your seasons of friendship.
Nora Roberts|To be one's self, and unafraid whether right or wrong, is more admirable than the easy cowardice of surrender to conformity.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Yes, be different, but not for the vanities of being different.
Alin Sav|Speaking doesn´t make you a Leader, but if you have Leadership skills, people want to hear you speak.
Tom Giaquinto, Be A Good Human|As it is, the lover of inquiry must follow his beloved wherever it may lead him.
Morwen Navarre, Ghost's Sight|Gerry reached up to smooth a bit of that snowy mane. The strands slipped through his fingers like silk to reveal a witch's mark, a spiral of olive-green stones that seemed to be a part of Ghost’s very forehead, shining against the translucent skin. Gerry had seen such marks before, peculiar glyphs burned into a witch's skin in vibrant jewel-tone inks to offer protection or enhance their power, or so the witches claimed. This was the first time he had seen actual jewels used, though. He thought it was beautiful, exotic like all of Ghost, with that white hair and those ice blue eyes. Gerry returned to admiring the peaceful face resting on his shoulder.
Utkal Tripathy|Failures when are huge, dimish the small gasps of success, but these gasps are enough to bring the successful in you
Marissa Clarke, Love Me to Death|She needed him. More than just his blood or the pleasure he offered with his playground of a body, she needed him—and that was far more terrifying than becoming a blood sucking monster.
Idries Shah, Learning How to Learn: Psychology and Spirituality in the Sufi Way|You have come a long way, and you do not know it. You have a long way to go, and you do know what that means.
Madeline Kahn|I had often sought for the peace there is in Christ, but I could not seem to find the freedom I desired. A terrible sadness rested on my heart. I could not think of anything I had done to cause me to feel sad; but it seemed to me that I was not good enough to enter Heaven, that such a thing would be altogether too much for me to expect.
Beverly K. Bachel, What Do You Really Want?: How to Set a Goal and Go for It! A Guide for Teens|Your values form the foundation of your life. They also form the foundation of your dreams. And just as each person’s values are unique, so are each person’s dreams.
Missouri Vaun, All Things Rise|Love is the greatest unseen force in the universe." - Cole
Edna Ferber, A Peculiar Treasure: Autobiography|Andrew closed his eyes for a moment, breathing in the memories of that night as the rest of the world moved on around him. He realized that even after all this time he hadn’t forgotten the smile she seemed to have patented, the light blue tank top she wore so well, or the way she had laughed when he accidentally spilled an entire can of Mountain Dew on the carpet she’d spent hours steam cleaning. And although he hadn’t kissed Cooper McKay that night, or even held her hand, he could still remember the feeling of finding out that love at first sight did truly exist.
Michael Cunningham, The Hours|What she wants to say has to do not only with joy but with the penetrating, constant fear that is joy's other half.
Kim Dae Jung|No government fights fascism to destroy it. When the bourgeoisie sees that power is slipping out of its hands, it brings up fascism to hold onto their privileges.
Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet|A boat would seem to be an object whose one purpose is to travel, but its real purpose is not to travel but to reach harbour. We found ourselves on the high seas, with no idea of which port we should be aiming for.
Gary L. Francione|Modern medicine is not scientific, it is full of prejudice, illogic and susceptible to advertising. Doctors are not taught to reason, they are programmed to believe in whatever their medical schools teach them and the leading doctors tell them. Over the past 20 years the drug companies, with their enormous wealth, have taken medicine over and now control its research, what is taught and the information released to the public.
Robert Greene, Mastery|The phrase "I dont know" is the most honest thing anyone could ever say.
Amy Thomson, Analog Science Fiction and Fact, 2013 January/February|There is no reason for a sound faith to be irrational. A useful faith should not be blind, but should be well aware of its grounds. A sound faith should be able to use scientific investigation to strengthen itself. it should be open to the spirit not to lock itself up in the letter. A nourishing, useful, healthful faith should be no obstacle to developing a science of death.
Germaine Greer, The Female Eunuch|We can say the brotherhood of man, and pretend that we include the sisterhood of women, but we know that we don't. Folklore has it that women only congregate to bitch an absent member of their group, and continue to do so because they are to well aware of the consequences if they stay away. It's meant to be a joke, but like jokes about mothers-in-law it is founded in bitter truth.
Oscar Wilde|I don't want to earn my living, I want to live.
Michael Hyatt, Living Forward: A Proven Plan to Stop Drifting and Get the Life You Want|The busier you are, the more intentional you must be.
J.M. Colail, Wes and Toren|Don’t answer the door without a shirt! Now, go get dressed before you catch a cold,” I scolded.“Why? He was kinda cute. Do you think he would’ve went for it if I said I didn’t have any money?” Wesley asked.“You’re mine and I wouldn’t let you prostitute yourself for pizza. Now go put on a shirt,” I said, pulling two slices onto a plate.
Lilly Wilde, Touched|My head aches, my eyes burn, my arms and legs have given up, and my face in the mirror has a grayish cast. The bed, across the room, calls in its unmistakable lover's croon, Come to me, come, only I can make you truly happy, oh, how happy I'll make you, don't resist, remember how you moan with pleasure the instant we touch.....Laura Acosta
John Wyndham, The Chrysalids|We've got to believe that God is sane, Davie boy. We'd be lost indeed if we didn't do that.
Blaise Pascal, Pensées|You see, a secret is not something untold. It’s something which can’t be told.
Harry Crews, A Feast of Snakes|Joe Lon and Willard slipped out of their shirts. Willard flipped over and walked around in the dirt on his hands. Joe Lon took the bottle of whiskey out of his back pocket, set it carefully on the step of the Winnebago, checking out Susan Gender's red pants again as he did. Then he went into a steady handstand and did six dips, his nose just short of the dirt each time he went down. They both came off their hands and looked at Duffy."I'm impressed," said Duffy, shortly. "What the hell are you, gymnasts?""Drunks," said Joe Lon picking up the bottle.
Rachel Cusk, Aftermath: On Marriage and Separation|If you're always racing to the next moment, what happens to the one you're in? Slow down and enjoy the moment you're in and live your life to the fullest.
Emily Silver, Fifty Shades of Christ|But the most extraordinary is this relationship with Jesus. It’s not mass produced - one size fits all. No, it’s one to one, customized to fit the shape of who you have been, what you have done and where you want to be in the future. He’s taken that time to tune into me, into my patterns and my past.
Heather Dixon, Entwined|You don't enter a dance studio and say "I can't do that." If you do, then why are you in the studio in the first place?
Thomas S. Monson|Of all affairs, communication is the most wonderful.
Stephen Richards|Daring also means to act, however, and if you are not willing to act, then you have already lost the game.
Anne Brontë, Agnes Grey|He had not breathed a word of love, or dropped one hint of tenderness or affection, and yet I had been supremely happy. To be near him, to hear him talk as he did talk, and to feel that he thought me worthy to be so spoken to - capable of understanding and duly appreciating such discourse - was enough.
Amy Jackson|Everybody wanna be a super dad and the best dad ever, but sometimes, I'm just realizing that I'm not perfect.
John F. Kennedy|As someone who specializes in deception, I'll tell you this much: When someone insistently implores, 'Believe me,' don't. Pleading 'believe me' or 'trust me' - insisting to people that you are telling the truth - is a tell-tale sign that you probably aren't.
Amitav Chowdhury|Awareness is Brahman. The absolute cosmic consciousness. When you are aware, you are connected with Brahman.
Jack Nicklaus|You punch me, I punch back. I do not believe it's good for one's self-respect to be a punching bag.
Nora Roberts, The MacKade Brothers: Rafe and Jared|Are you telling me you're cooking me dinner?- Regan Its the quickest way, without physical contact, to get a woman into bed. The kitchen through there?
Nicholas Gane, Max Weber and Postmodern Theory: Rationalization Versus Re-enchantment|... Protestantism, in its quest for 'rational knowledge' of God's purpose and for an understanding of this world, engendered its own demise, for it lent legitimacy to a secular science that in turn rejected and devalued all religious values. And in this respect, Protestantism effectively devalued or disenchanted itself, for in its attempt to prove its own intrinsic rationality through non-religious means it affirmed the value of science, and with this laid itself open to the charge of irrationalism and to attack from the outside from 'rational', secular forms of this-worldly legitimation.
Lemony Snicket, When Did You See Her Last?|Boredom is not black licorice, Snicket," she said. "There's no reason to share it with me.
Lily Allen|I can get on with someone really, really, really well… and if they’re no good at having sex with me, it really upsets me, because I think, “oh God, this is someone I’d really like to spend the rest of my life with, but I cannot face having bad sex for the rest of my life.
Debasish Mridha|In the very center of your being, life begins in silence and in joy.
anotherwanderer DeviantArtist|Not every breakup hurts, not every love story sucks. It's the love that comes with a warning that it will hurt you and suck your blood out of you.
Tana French, Broken Harbour|If her mind had held even the smallest chance of a future, she would have had no reason to tell me anything at all, whether or not it could send her to prison. But this is what I know about people getting ready to walk off the edges of their own lives: they want someone to know how they got there. Maybe they want to know that when they dissolve into earth and water, that last fragment will be saved, held in some corner of someone's mind; or maybe all they want is is a chance to dump it pulsing and bloody into someone else's hands, so it won't weigh them down on the journey. They want to leave their stories behind. No one in all the world knows that better than I do.
Jim Thompson, A Hell of a Woman|I sat down in a booth, and the waitress shoved a menu in front of me. There wasn’t anything on it that sounded good, and anyway, one look at her and my stomach turned flipflops… Every goddamned restaurant I go to, it’s always the same way… They’ll have some old bag on the payroll — I figure they keep her locked up in the mop closet until they see me coming. And they’ll doll her up in the dirtiest goddamned apron they can find and smear that crappy red polish all over her fingernails, and everything about her is smeary and sloppy and smelly. And she’s the dame that always waits on me.
J.M. Barrie, The Little White Bird|The reason birds can fly and we can't is simply because they have perfect faith, for to have faith is to have wings.
Mike Royko|Show me somebody who is always smiling, always cheerful, always optimistic, and I will show you somebody who hasn't the faintest idea what the heck is really going on.
Mark Twain|I am what I am. I would tell you what you want to know if I could, for you have been kind to me. But I am a cat, and no cat anywhere ever gave anyone a straight answer.
Shannon L. Alder|Think of it as an eight-dimensional onion.’ Justine straightened her back and gave her father an exasperated look. ‘Thanks, Dad. That’s helpful. I always think in those terms, it really helps a lot.
Philippa Gregory, The Other Boleyn Girl|I would know you anywhere for my true love. Whoever I was and whoever you were, I would know you at once for my true love.
Deyth Banger|If you don't believe in time, your day will be longer (because reality time is an illusion, it exist only because of us and if we don't exist time doesn't exist!?)
Herta Müller, The Hunger Angel|He spoke Spanish, English, Italian, and just enough of every other language to be able to charm women around the world.
Emily Wing Smith, Back When You Were Easier to Love|But I loved the library simply because it was a library. I love libraries. I like reading, but I love libraries. Being surrounded by books makes me feel safe, the way some people need trees or mountains around them to feel secure. Not me – nature’s not what I cling to. I cling to books.
John O'Donohue, Anam Cara: A Book of Celtic Wisdom|When time is reduced to linear progress, it is emptied of presence.
J. Sheridan Le Fanu, Carmilla|There are horrors beyond life's edge that we do not suspect, and once in a while man's evil prying calls them just within our range.
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|Jason always tried to build a good relationship with his team. He'd learned the hard way that if somebody was going to have your back in a fight, it was better if you found some common ground and trusted each other. But Nico wasn't easy to figure out.
John Hillaby, Journey Through Europe|[Brodsky] loved cats, and sometimes for a greeting would meow.
Guy Consolmagno|Yet opponents should not herald the demise of evangelicalism. Although much of popular evangelicalism cannot intellectually meet the analyses that call it into question as a viable explanation for human origins and destiny, for most evangelicals it does not need to. Because of the transition from comprehending their religion as a set of doctrines to conceptualizing their religion as an emotional relationship with God, evangelicals have actually made their religion more resilient to intellectual challenges. Calling into question evangelicalism's intellectual foundation ultimately does not undermine the religion because for many evangelicals their adherence was never about those foundations anyway. Evangelicalism becomes true because it FEELS true. Modern evangelicalism has largely transitioned to a new form of truth, one based not on intellectual assent to propositions but on emotional connections.
Dave Sitek|I think each film I do has less and less dialogue. It really helps a lot for foreign sales, because when I go to Europe, there's very little problem with communication. All the gags are visual. The music they can understand, and it helps communicate a lot better.
Vladimir Nabokov, Glory|I believe in movement. I believe in that lighthearted balloon, the world. I believe in midnight and the hour of noon. But what else do I believe in? Sometimes everything. Sometimes nothing. It fluctuates like light flitting over a pond. I believe in life, which one day each of us shall lose. When we are young we thing we won't, that we are different. As a child I thought that I would never grow up, that I could will it so. And then I realized, quite recently, that I had crossed some line, unconsciously cloaked in the truth of my chronology. How did we get so damn old?
Suzi Quatro|I like indoor Christmas trees. And I like people who decorate their homes with lights and all that crap. I think it's a healthy outlet for them. If they weren't covering their lawns with twinkling lights, they'd be doing something that was really, really creepy.
Asif Kapadia|I was the first businessman to say, 'You should give tax benefit to only small companies. You should say your profits are exempt to a limit of Rs. 50 crore or so, but beyond that, you should pay taxes.' I have been arguing with successive finance ministers on this.
Gustav Hasford, The Short-Timers|And think about the precise meaning of that term: a Narcissus is not proud. A proud man has disdain for other people, he undervalues them. The Narcissus overvalues them, because in every person's eyes he sees his own image, and wants to embellish it. So he takes nice care of all his mirrors.
C.S. Lewis, The Magician's Nephew|Oh, Adam’s sons, how cleverly you defend yourselves against all that might do you good!
Criss Jami|The rather difficult antagonists towards the Church consist not nearly of the cruel and heartless, nihilistic intellectuals who hate God and humanity, but the well-meaning spirits who for the most part lack an understanding of the Spirit.
Julius Ceasar|Madeleine in her turn stared at him steadily, straight into his eyes, in a profound, strange way, as if seeking to read something there, as if seeking to discover there that hidden part of a human being which can never be fathomed but may perhaps be glimpsed for a fleeting instant, in those moments of unguardedness or surrender or inattention, that are like doors left ajar onto the mysterious depths of the spirit... they stood for a few seconds, each gazing into the other's eyes, each striving to reach the impenetrable secret of the other's heart, to probe each other's thoughts to the quick. They tried, in a mute and passionate questioning, to see the other's conscience in its essential truth: the intimate struggles of two beings who, living side by side, never really know one another, who suspect and sniff around and spy on one another, but cannot plumb the miry depths of one another's soul.
Chris Tucker|I thought 'The Artist' was a perfect way to find a good balance. The artistic challenge is obvious because the film is black-and-white and its silent, but I did my best to make the movie accessible and easy to watch. I really don't want to make elitist movies. I really try hard to work for the audience. Audiences are smart. They get everything.
Michael Perry, Population: 485 : Meeting Your Neighbors One Siren at a Time|Still more horrible was the color of the flames that licked the latticed cabin vents before shooting skyward, as though - might I say? - the sun itself had crashed to earth, spewing its heavenly fire in all directions.
Judith Lewis Herman, Father-Daughter Incest: With a New Afterword|It doesn't matter if you come from money or you are poor: If your family has already made you feel that you are not worthy, you begin to believe it, and when someone comes along and tells you that you are beautiful/special/wonderful and showers you with attention and gifts, or offers you money when you desperately need it, you are vulnerable and ready to trust
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|All these people talk so eloquently about getting back to good old-fashioned values. Well, as an old poop I can remember back to when we had those old-fashioned values, and I say let's get back to the good old-fashioned First Amendment of the good old-fashioned Constitution of the United States -- and to hell with the censors! Give me knowledge or give me death!
Howard Tayler, The Tub of Happiness|Kevyn, I'm promoting you from Tech Sergeant to Munitions Commander. I want you to take responsibility for all Company weapons.Munitions Commander? Why me?I don't know. Call it "suspicion of extreme competence" on my part.-Captain Tagon & Commander Kevyn Andreyasn
Trevor Noah, Born a Crime: Stories From a South African Childhood|I don’t regret anything I’ve ever done in life, any choice that I’ve made. But I’m consumed with regret for the things I didn’t do, the choices I didn’t make, the things I didn’t say. We spend so much time being afraid of failure, afraid of rejection. But regret is the thing we should fear most. Failure is an answer. Rejection is an answer. Regret is an eternal question you will never have the answer to. “What if…” “If only…” “I wonder what would have…” You will never, never know, and it will haunt you for the rest of your days.
Raymond E. Feist|In Tsurani culture, forgiveness was simply a less shameful form of weakness than capitulation.
Douglas Adams|Non-disclosure in the Internet Age is quickly perceived as a breach of trust. Government, corporations and each of us as individuals must recalibrate how we live and share our lives appropriate to the information now available and the expectations of others.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|A beautiful woman is a practical poet, taming her savage mate, planting tenderness, hope and eloquence in all whom she approaches.
Sami Abouzid|We are in the Same Boat Called Life , We All Struggling Day and night to make our Life Better ,Some of Us Succeeded and others Failed , so the Successful Ones Should Pray for the Ones Who Failed that they might have a better Luck Someday ….Amen
Jean Said Makdisi, Teta, Mother and Me: Three Generations of Arab Women|Thus did I receive, through the singing of these various hymns and the moral education that accompanied them, not only a religious, but a political schooling of sorts. For though the intertwining of morality and politics does not necessarily make for a clear understanding of the cynicism that governs world affairs., it does engender impatience with and a rejection of this cynicism, and a real belief in a more perfect, less unjust world. And though I regret not having been taught more about the real world, I have never regretted being taught this kind of morality first.
David Gemmell, Dark Moon|Yours is a race whose imagination is limited to its own small appetites. Greed, lust, envy - these are the motivating forces of humankind. What redeems you is that in every man and woman there is a seed that can grow to encompass love, joy and compassion. But this seed is never allowed to prosper in fertile ground. It struggles for life among the rocks of your human soul.
David Almond, My Name Is Mina|From Lankaster to Lorenz, scientists have gotten it wrong. Parasites are complex, highly adapted creatures that are at the heart of the story of life. If there hadn't been such high walls dividing scientists who study life - the zoologists, the immunologists, the mathematical biologists, the ecologists - parasites might have been recognized sooner as not disgusting, or at least not merely disgusting. If parasites were so feeble, so lazy, how was it that they could manage to live inside every free-living species and infect billions of people? How could they change with time so that medicines that could once treat them became useless? How could parasites defy vaccines, which could corral brutal killers like smallpox and polio?
Kevin Spacey|Actually, the moment of victory is wonderful, but also sad. It means that your trip is ended.
Sunday Adelaja|Physical beauty or sexual attraction in a woman was not a criterion in deciding, strengthening, or the survival of such relationships of these villagers.
Susan Sontag, In America|If you cannot understand my argument, and declare "It's Greek to me", you are quoting Shakespeare; if you claim to be more sinned against than sinning, you are quoting Shakespeare; if you recall your salad days, you are quoting Shakespeare; if you act more in sorrow than in anger; if your wish is farther to the thought; if your lost property has vanished into thin air, you are quoting Shakespeare; if you have ever refused to budge an inch or suffered from green-eyed jealousy, if you have played fast and loose, if you have been tongue-tied, a tower of strength, hoodwinked or in a pickle, if you have knitted your brows, made a virtue of necessity, insisted on fair play, slept not one wink, stood on ceremony, danced attendance (on your lord and master), laughed yourself into stitches, had short shrift, cold comfort or too much of a good thing, if you have seen better days or lived in a fool's paradise -why, be that as it may, the more fool you , for it is a foregone conclusion that you are (as good luck would have it) quoting Shakespeare; if you think it is early days and clear out bag and baggage, if you think it is high time and that that is the long and short of it, if you believe that the game is up and that truth will out even if it involves your own flesh and blood, if you lie low till the crack of doom because you suspect foul play, if you have your teeth set on edge (at one fell swoop) without rhyme or reason, then - to give the devil his due - if the truth were known (for surely you have a tongue in your head) you are quoting Shakespeare; even if you bid me good riddance and send me packing, if you wish I was dead as a door-nail, if you think I am an eyesore, a laughing stock, the devil incarnate, a stony-hearted villain, bloody-minded or a blinking idiot, then - by Jove! O Lord! Tut tut! For goodness' sake! What the dickens! But me no buts! - it is all one to me, for you are quoting Shakespeare.
Shelly Laurenston, Bite Me|As my daddy would say, time to start the killin
Michael Pena|When I was younger, I had a perm, and it was really big. My mom was a hairdresser, so even my dad had a perm! I looked like a poodle, but it was cool at the time.
Dashama Konah Gordon, Journey to Joyful: Transform Your Life with Pranashama Yoga|When you release a trauma on one level of your energetic being, you will experience relief on all other levels simultaneously.
Kelsey Browning, Personal Assets|Jack had a way of sneaking up on her, like a cold or...a chin hair.
Kaye Chambers, Angelic Avenger|You know I hate to chase. I'm only here to talk, but if you run, I'll have to chase and we both know where that usually ends up.
Hannah Lillith Assadi, Sonora|I meditated on my childhood, vague and distant before high school, where Laura still flickered only on the edge of things.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Focus your attention on the quality of your words, and not the quantity, because few sensible talks attracts millions of listeners more than a thousand gibberish.
Napoléon Bonaparte|Sometimes, Casey, people spend their whole lives living for a dream they can't have. And these people are so busy, so greedy for their dream that they forget all the good things they already have.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Return of Sherlock Holmes|Entrepreneur, stay hungry, stay humble & stay hopeful.
Kenneth Branagh|Perhaps we don't need these religious concoctions to pillow the fear of death. Just the fact that there is an unknown, and something greater, can bring a feeling of peace. That's enough for me.
Brooke Shields|From success you get a lot of things, but not that great inside thing that love brings you.
Matthew Woodring Stover, Traitor|Suffering is the fuel in the engine of civilization."-Vergere
Julia Quinn, Because of Miss Bridgerton|You have asked her to marry you, I hope''''I might have demanded it'', he admitted.''Even better
Sara Teasdale|This is the spot where I will lie When life has had enough of me, These are the grasses that will blow Above me like a living sea.These gay old lilies will not shrink To draw their life from death of mine, And I will give my body's fire To make blue flowers on this vine."O Soul," I said, "have you no tears? Was not the body dear to you?" I heard my soul say carelessly, "The myrtle flowers will grow more blue.
Arundhati Roy, The Ministry of Utmost Happiness|Enemies can't break your spirit, only friends can.
Bill Watterson, The Complete Calvin and Hobbes|There is a luxury in self-reproach. When we blame ourselves, we feel that no one else has a right to blame us. It is the confession, not the priest, that gives us absolution.
The Great Pacifist|Calamity with us, is made an excuse for doing wrong. With them, it is erected into a reason for their doing right. This is really the justice of rich to poor, and I protest against it because it is so.
David Pearce|Plants are not like us. They are different in critical and fundamental ways. As I catalog the differences between plants and animals, the horizon stretches out before me faster than I can travel and forces me to acknowledge that perhaps I was destined to study plants for decades only in order to more fully appreciate that they are beings we can never truly understand. Only when we begin to grasp this deep otherness can we be sure we are no longer projecting ourselves onto plants. Finally we can begin to recognize what is actually happening. Our world is falling apart quietly. Human civilization has reduced the plant, a four-million-year-old life form, into three things: food, medicine, and wood...
Dave Mustaine|If you carry joy in your heart, you can heal any moment.
Arianna Huffington|With social media, people share mostly their best moments. Don't feel like you're not doing enough when you see a mom posting about making applesauce after you bought it. Ha ha! It's fine! Just for raising a little human being, you should be commended.
Rachel Cohn, Dash & Lily's Book of Dares|But isn't this a dance? Isn't all of this a dance? Isn't that what we do with words? Isn't that what we do when we talk, when we spar, when we make plans or leave them to chance? Some of it's choreographed. Some of the steps have been done for ages. And the rest--the rest is spontaneous. The rest has to be decided on the floor, in the moment, before the music ends.
D.L. Given, Vital Perception|Look, I went to a lot of trouble to come here and try to help you. I’m in more trouble than I can guess, but if you don’t want my help… maybe I should have just stayed home.
Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason|Finally, I would like to point out that now in the age of English, choosing a language policy is not the exclusive concern of non-English-speaking nations. It is also a concern for English-speaking nations, where, to realize the world’s diversity and gain the humility that is proper to any human being, people need to learn a foreign language as a matter of course. Acquiring a foreign language should be a universal requirement of compulsory education. Furthermore, English expressions used in international conferences should be regulated and standardized to some extent. Native English speakers need to know that to foreigners, Latinate vocabulary is easier to understand than what to the native speakers is easy, child-friendly language. At international conferences, telling jokes that none but native speakers can comprehend is inappropriate, even if fun. If native speakers of English – those who enjoy the privilege of having their mother tongue as the universal language – would not wait for others to protest but would take steps to regulate themselves, what respect they would earn from the rest of the world! If that is too much to ask, the rest of the world would appreciate it if they would at least be aware of their privileged position – and more important, be aware that the privilege is unwarranted. In this age of global communication, some language or other was bound to be come a universal language used in every corner of the world English became that language not because it is intrinsically more universal than other languages, but because through a series of historical coincidences it came to circulate ever more widely until it reached the tipping point. That’s all there is to it. English is an accidental universal language.If more English native speakers walked through the doors of other languages, they would discover undreamed-of landscapes. Perhaps some of them might then begin to think that the truly blessed are not they themselves, but those who are eternally condemned to reflect on language, eternally condemned to marvel at the richness of the world.
Gabriela Mistral|I realized that I'm a child."William looked point-blank at her chest. "No.
Meg Cabot, Ninth Key|The idea was a splinter in my mind. Always there, always stinging,even when I wasn't conscious of it. Even when I wasn't thinking about it.
Jim Berg, Changed Into His Image|This is the real world, and only a believer walking in fellowship with His Creator and Redeemer can understand it. Everyone else is the world is experiencing a 'break with reality'.
Charles Dickens, A Tale of Two Cities|That, they never could lay their heads upon their pillows; that, they could never tolerate the idea of their wives laying their heads upon their pillows; that, they could never endure the notion of their children laying their heads on their pillows; in short , that there never more could be , for them or theirs , any laying of heads upon pillows at all , unless the prisioner's head was taken off.The Attorney General during the trial of Mr. Darnay 
Puerto Rican Princess|You may have something wise to say, but HOW YOU SAY IT may make it unwise! RECREATE it, else you'll REGRET it!
Kasie West, Lucky in Love|Sometimes regardless of what we want, reality takes over.
Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being|Perhaps all the questions we ask of love, to measure, test, probe, and save it, have the additional effect of cutting it short. Perhaps the reason we are unable to love is that we yearn to be loved, that is, we demand something (love) from our partner instead of delivering ourselves up to him demand-free and asking for nothing but his company.
Charles Bukowski|I'm one of those who doesn't think there is much differencebetween an atomic scientist and a man who cleans the crappersexcept for the luck of the draw - parents with enough money to point you toward a moregenerous death.of course, some come through brilliantly, butthere are thousands, millions of others, bottled up, keptfrom even the most minute chance to realize their potential.
Sabrina Bryan|I love life in spite of all that mars it. I love friendship, jokes and laughter.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Without hope, we are lifeless.
Simone de Beauvoir|One's life has value so long as one attributes value to the life of others, by means of love, friendship, and compassion
Sherwood Anderson, Death in the Woods and Other Stories|For six months I did what women do: I waited. This is what women are taught to be good at. It's said that a woman's life is merely preparation for the primal nine-month wait. Whatever the reason, they do it well. Sometimes they drink or bite their fingernails down to the wrist. They count stars and initials and wait: for something to happen, for something to pass, to change, to begin, to end.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|When you have a strong company culture it will shine through your brand and you can authentically say, “This is what our brand is about.
The Silver Elves, The Elven Way: The Magical Path of the Shining Ones|It takes a strong individual to live passionately, and with having quality in their conviction, that sets the results one achieves.
Leslie Ludy|I commit her to memory. When I'm alone, I feel a strange yearning, the hunger of a man fasting not because he believes but because he's ashamed. Not the cleansing hunger of the devout, but the feverish hunger of the hypocrite. I let her go every evening only because there's nothing I can do to stop her.
Jeremy Aldana|I don't think you're dying," I said. "I think you've just got a touch of cancer.He smiled. Gallows humor.
Christiane Northrup|[A]ny ecstatic experience can be healing not just for you but for others. Therapy is good to help you think differently and break patterns of pessimistic thinking or negative self-talk. But we have to be joyful, dance, and bring pleasure into our lives deliberately.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|I'm lonely. Why do you think I had to learn to act so independent? I also get mad too quickly, and I hog the covers, and my second toe is longer than my big one. My hair has it's own zip code. Plus, I get certifiably crazy when I've got PMS. You don't love someone because they're perfect. You love them in spite of the fact that they're not.
Judith Barrington, Writing the Memoir|The clown was an evil one. They’re either good or bad, and this one was definitely the latter.
Jayde Scott, A Job From Hell|I thought she wanted out. We should've brought cuffs and a gag." Clare frowned. "What's wrong with you, Blake? This is a rescue mission, not a kidnapping.
Rod McKuen|Theatre was my first love. I can't take the theatre out of me. And I wouldn't want to. To me, it's home.
Thomas Fuller|Teach us, O Lord, the disciplines of patience, for to wait is often harder than to work.
Jeff Bezos|Short boots are cool, in my humble opinion. They say, 'Hey! Winter is over, but summer hasn't yet arrived - so enjoy this halfway point!'
Laura Gentile, Seraphic Addiction|Instead of catching ourselves after we first felt angry, we develop a visceral sensitivity to what's happening within us in the moment & through mindfulness, we can shape our reaction right away.
John Wyndham|Yet, the dark fire waned: the life force oozed out of her, as he had so often witnessed before with other androids. The classic resignation. Mechanical, intellectual acceptance of that which a genuine organism - with two billion years of the pressure to live and evolve hagriding it - could never have reconciled itself to.
Jeannette Walls, The Glass Castle|Clarity and focus doesn’t always come from God or inspirational quotes. Usually, it takes your mother to slap the reality back into you.
Eleanor Robson Belmont|I can tell you, dearest friend, that if it became known how much friendship, love and a world of human and spiritual references I have smuggled into these three movements, the adherents of programme music - should there be any left - would go mad with joy.
Tobias Wolff|There are very few professions in which people just sit down and think hard for five or six hours a day all by themselves. Of course it's why you want to become a writer — because you have the liberty to do that, but once you have the liberty you also have the obligation to do it.
Renzo Piano|Let us together create the new building of the future, which will be everything in one form: architecture and sculpture and painting.
Elizabeth A. Lynn, Dragon's Treasure|That's the craziest, dumbass thing I ever heard tell of. What's the point of being a lesbian if a woman is going to look and act like an imitation man? Hell, if I wanted a man, I'll get the real thing not one of these chippies.
Rhonda Byrne, How The Secret Changed My Life: Real People. Real Stories.|Whether humanity will consciously follow the law of love, I do not know. But that need not disturb me. The law will work just as the law of gravitation works whether we accept it or not. - Mahatma Gandhi P.g16
Francine Rivers|Comedy is an escape, not from truth but from despair; a narrow escape into faith.
Dave Matthes, Sleepeth Not, the Bastard|Some people's glasses are half full. I'm the one drinking them. Some people have forgotten that Pluto is still a planet. I still remember my childhood. Some people are vegans. I have common sense.Some people call me Maurice. Some people call me the Gangsta of Love. Some people just want to live...but me, I'm the one still alive.
E.M. Bounds, Power Through Prayer|God's plan is to make much of the man, far more of him than of anything else. Men are God's method. The Church is looking for better methods; God is looking for better men. 
Joe Abercrombie, The Heroes|Thus it is that in war the victorious strategist only seeks battle after the victory is won, whereas he who is destined to defeat first fights and afterwards looks for victory.
Nina Hrusa|We suddenly arrived in this very lost and strange city. Somewhere in the middle of the mountains. We didn't know where we are. We were just heading back to the sea. When we walked trough the forgotten city in silence, something inside us changed. We lost a bit of ourselves too and gained space for something new.
Rupert Murdoch|In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men, the great difficulty lies in this: you must first enable the government to control the governed; and in the next place, oblige it to control itself.
Tanya Huff, Sing the Four Quarters|The capacity for erroneous belief is very great, especially where it coincides with convenience.
Richie Norton|Do you ever see someone doing something cool and you say to yourself, "I could do that" ... And then you don't? Ask yourself, why not? Honestly, why not? You really may not have a reason to do it, but if you'd regret not doing it? That's a whole other story.
Shannon L. Alder|I was never weighed down by beauty in my lifetime. However, I was beaten down by the sad fears of my gender- women who didn't allow you to feel pretty or rejoice in who you are, unless it fell beneath how they thought about themselves.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|You can't just make yourself matter and then die, Alaska, because now I am irretrievably different, and I'm sorry I let you go, yes, but you made the choice. You left me Perhapsless, stuck in your goddamned labyrinth. And now I don't even know if you chose the straight and fast way out, if you left me like this on purpose. And so I never knew you, did I? I can't remember, because I never knew.
Ruth Ozeki, A Tale for the Time Being|During my completely soul-shredding midlife crisis at the age of twenty-eight, I felt sure I had peaked too soon.
Jiddu Krishnamurti|Especially when you're working so closely with people and you have to develop intense relationships, it's great when you have a relationship and a rapport with them.
