Thomas Huxley|I'm not broke. Like everybody else, I owe money.
Margit Eva Bernard, STEP BACK: A Stepmother's Handbook|Since capitalism is a system based of the love of money,doesn't that make it the root of all evil?
Colm Tóibín|We can all have plenty of lives, but there are limits. You never can tell what they are.
Salman Rushdie|Nothing is forever, he thought beyond closed eyelids somewhere over Asia Minor. Maybe unhappiness is the continuum through which a human life moves, and joy just a series of blips, of islands in the stream. Or if not unhappiness, then at least melancholy.
Alisa Hope Wagner, Eve of Awakening|The heart easily commends and condemns itself, depending on our wave like performance. That is why we must base our worth in Jesus alone.
Moutasem Algharati|It was a thing that could not be articulated or explained. It merely was, like the sunrise or a sheer and sudden drop to the giant water that had stolen my breath, where the land ended in the ruins. My love for Fade strengthened me, made me determined never to give up. I would follow him until the world stopped or until I found him. I believed love hadn’t weakened me or left me soft; instead it made me powerful, determined beyond all belief.
Jillian Hervey|My mom has always just been one of those people who handle adversity and challenges, and really everything, with so much grace and elegance. I saw it all the time.
Dashama Konah Gordon, Journey to Joyful: Transform Your Life with Pranashama Yoga|If we are not living IN our bodies, honoring them as our TEMPLE, we are closing off the divine channels (nadis) of energy that run through us. Additionally, when we are not in good physical shape, we limit our enjoyment of our life experience. Thus, yoga is spiritual and physical.
Melina Marchetta, Quintana of Charyn|What if she's all I give you in this life of ours, my love?" she asked quietly. "Then I'll shout at the goddess in fury," he said fiercely. "I'll beg to know why I've been given so much when other men have so little.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|But he was pierced for our transgressions,  he was crushed for our iniquities;  the punishment that brought us peace was upon him,  and by his wounds we are healed.
Rauschenbusch Walter 1861-1918|When we comprehend how few wars have ever been fought for the sake of justice or the people; how personal spite, the ambition of military professionals, and the protection of capitalistic ventures are the real moving powers...then the mythology of war will no longer bring us to our knees.
Marilyn Manson, The Long Hard Road Out of Hell|But through years of myth-making and fear-sowing, Christianity meta-morphosed antichrists into a single Antichrist, an apocalyptic villain and Christian bogeyman used to scare people as much as Santa Claus is used to regulate children's behavior. After years of studying the concept, I began to realize the Antichrist is a character--a metaphor--who exists in nearly all religions under different names, and maybe there is some truth in it, a need for such a person. But from another perspective, this person could be seen as not a villain but a final hero to save people from their own ignorance. The apocalypse doesn't have to be fire and a brimstone. It could happen on a personal level.
Jodi Picoult, Nineteen Minutes|If you have fear of some pain or suffering, you should examine whether there is anything you can do about it. If you can, there is no need to worry about it; if you cannot do anything, then there is also no need to worry.
Stephen Richards|Everything we could possibly want or need is there for the taking, but we are blinded by fears of lack and limitation, and we have bought the lie that resources are limited, so we must therefore compete for the few that are left.
Jaime Allison Parker|Steffy risked a glance at her fellow neighbors and townspeople. She often looked for kindred spirits in the crowd. None were ever found. Just once, she wished to see someone trying to hide a smile, a snicker, or plain sighing at the absurdity. The rowdy outcasts among the community were not welcome in the church. They knew better than to show their faces.
Steven Magee|If you are living in the electrified wireless west, then you are living a very abnormal lifestyle that your genetics has no adaptation to.
Hilary Mantel, Giving Up the Ghost|When once the Heart is awakened, every single moment 'in-time' is a treasure to beheld
R. Alan Woods, Just Keep’in It Real: The Complete Collection of Essays, Notes, Letters, Articles, and Reviews|A determined man, a man who believes himself grossly abused, does not listen to reason
Chuck Norris|At the bottom of education, at the bottom of politics, even at the bottom of religion, there must be for our race economic independence.
Evan Peters|When you're out of sight for as long as I was, there's a funny feeling of betrayal that comes over people when they see you again.
Peter  Fryer, The Demon Inside: Lost Souls|At night in the town's countryside, you could just about feel and hear everything, but without using lamps, it was impossible to see anything other than shadows
Ilchi Lee, Brain Wave Vibration: Getting Back into the Rhythm of a Happy, Healthy Life|I don't believe in greatness that is bestowed as a rare gift to a few lucky ones. Rather, I think all people have greatness inside them. It is just a matter of persistence--sticking to what you have envisioned until it is reality. I have a deep conviction that everyone, including you, has been given exactly the right set of gifts to fulfill some magnificent purpose in life. Greatness must simply be chosen. And if you choose it, it will happen.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Rare and precious moments, how I long to live with you eternally! If only your sweetness never ceased to touch my lips, and the flutters you evoke nevermore faded away. I dream of your arm extended immeasurably to keep hold of my reaching hand. But Father Time, being a cruel master, will not grant such a wish. And so I tuck you away as cherished memories, stored in a treasure box buried in my heart. And in times of solitude, I shall bring you out to view like rainbows.
Pope Paul VI|It is not how old you are, but how you are old.
John M. Simmons, The Marvelous Journey Home|Hope is something that can never be taken from you unless you allow someone to take it. If you never lose hope, you will never truly be poor.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Lost World|The bent head, the averted eye, the faltering voice, the wincing figure- these, and not the unshrinking gaze and frank reply, are the true signals of passion.
Alan Bennett, The Uncommon Reader|Too late. It was all too late. But she went on, determined as ever and always trying to catch up.
Tingkat Delivery|He reminds me of a comfortable sweater that you pull on, knowing it will keep you warm every time.
John Carpenter|I said, "I want to wear something funny and cool. Marjorie, could I wear your sparkly baseball hat?"The three of us looked at Marjorie.Now I remember thinking that her answer could change everything back to the way it was; Dad could find a job and stop praying all the time and Mom could be happy and call Marjorie shellfish again and show us funny videos she found on YouTube, and we all could eat more than just spaghetti at dinner and, most important, Marjorie could be normal again. Everything would be okay if Marjorie would only say yes to me wearing the sparkly sequined baseball hat, the one she'd made in art class a few years ago.The longer we watched Marjorie and waited for her response, the more the temperature in the room dropped and I knew that nothing would ever be the same again.She stopped twisting her spaghetti around her fingers. She opened her mouth, and vomit slowly oozed out onto her spaghetti plate.Dad: "Jesus!"Mom: "Honey, are you okay?" She jumped out of her seat and went over to Marjorie, stood behind her, and held her hair up.Marjorie didn't react to either parent, and she didn't make any sounds. She wasn't retching or convulsing involuntarily like one normally does when throwing up. It just poured out of her as though her mouth was an opened faucet. The vomit was as green as spring grass, and the masticated pasta looked weirdly dry, with a consistency of mashed-up dog food.She watched Dad the whole time as the vomit filled her plate, some of it slopping over the edges and onto the table. When she finished she wiped her mouth on her sleeve. "No, Merry. You can't wear my hat." She didn't sound like herself. Her voice was lower, adult, and growly. "You might get something on it. I don't want you to mess it up." She laughed.Dad: "Marjorie..."Marjorie coughed and vomited more onto her too-full plate. "You can't wear the hat because you're going to die someday." She found a new voice, this one treacly baby-talk. "I don't want dead things wearing my very special hat.
Cristela Alonzo|The Viennese wash everything. Where else in the world does the government hire public servants to wash public telephone booths and the glass over traffic lights? Every time I see someone doing these things, I smile like a child.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A bird will only fall from the sky when it stops believing in its ability to fly, and a fish will only drown in water when it stops believing in its ability to swim.
Ellen J. Barrier|Money can buy some things to create happiness, but it can never buy happiness.
Lena Dunham, Not That Kind of Girl: A Young Woman Tells You What She's "Learned"|The way I saw it, I was fully capable of being treated with indifference that bordered on disdain while maintaining a strong sense of self-respect. I obeyed his commands, sure that I could fulfill this role while still protecting the sacred place inside of me that I knew deserved more. Different. Better.But that isn't how it works.
Ludwig von Mises, Economic Freedom and Interventionism|The social function of economic science consists precisely in developing soundeconomic theories and in exploding the fallacies of vicious reasoning. In the pursuit ofthis task the economist incurs the deadly enmity of all mountebanks and charlatanswhose shortcuts to an earthly paradise he debunks. The less these quacks are able toadvance plausible objections to an economist’s argument, the more furiously do theyinsult them.
Stephanie Witter, Six Years|Though in fairness, before tonight she wouldn't have known exactly how to classify them. Sorta childhood friends through her brother, turned business rivals who had absolutely incendiary chemistry when they let it loose, which was almost never. Yeah, that wasn't unclear at all... Sarcasm. Kady's second-favorite —asm.
Mary Queen|And this is where I'll end, before I know what happens next.
Henry Mosquera, Sleeper's Run|Some things are just like riding a bicycle; you jump on, pedal, and hope you don’t fall.
Jessica Atef|Where there is darkness, there is light and light from the darkness shall shine once again. At every moment in our lives we walk into a dark tunnel but at the end of that dark tunnel there is a path of light, we just have to tell ourselves to keep on walking until we reach the end of the dark tunnel towards the light. Then once we have reach the light, we must always remember where we came from and don't you ever change who you are. Always Hope. Faint is what keeps us strong.
Anthony L.S.|The strangest things in life, are often closer to reality, than reality would like to admit.
Voltaire, Micromegas and Other Short Fictions|The only part of evolution in which any considerable interest is felt is evolution applied to man. A hypothesis in regard to the rocks and plant life does not affect the philosophy upon which one's life is built. Evolution applied to fish, birds and beasts would not materially affect man's view of his own responsibilities except as the acceptance of an unsupported hypothesis as to these would be used to support a similar hypothesis as to man. The evolution that is harmful—distinctly so—is the evolution that destroys man's family tree as taught by the Bible and makes him a descendant of the lower forms of life. This ... is a very vital matter.
Auliq Ice|Life, is a chess game you win or loose, but just keep playing.
L.J. Smith, The Awakening|A few fires flickered, plumes of dark smoke marring the ruby sky.
Dave Shepp|Don’t walk through life stifling your authenticity, suppressing your uniqueness, hiding your truth out of fear of what others may think. Being someone other than you are only hampers your wellbeing and also wastes a whole lot of your energy.
Marie Coulson, Bound Together|I thought about how love was always the thing that did that - smashed into you, left you raw. The deeper you loved, the deeper it hurt.
Tessa Emily Hall, Purple Moon|It's hard to explain your passions, but sometimes it is harder to live them.
Pierre Corneille|I think when the full horror of being fifty hits you, you should stay home and have a good cry.
Eudora Welty, On Writing|Art, though, is never the voice of a country; it is an even more precious thing, the voice of the individual, doing its best to speak, not comfort of any sort, but truth. And the art that speaks it most unmistakably, most directly, most variously, most fully, is fiction; in particular, the novel.
Darrel Ray, Sex & God: How Religion Distorts Sexuality|Celibacy is nothing if not abnormal. The human body and brain are not made for such programming. Whatever normal is, it does not include celibacy.
David Schweikert|I came out of the Soviet Union no longer a communist, because I believed in personal freedom.
Emily Brontë|No coward soul is mine,No trembler in the world's storm-troubled sphere:I see heaven's glories shine,And faith shines equal, arming me from fear
Brian Josephson|As a child I always steered clear of science fiction, but in the autumn of 1977, the bow-wave of publicity for the first 'Star Wars' movie had already reached me, so I was eager for anything science-fictional.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Contrary to popular opinion, we are all a vast brotherhood of human beings whose very survival hinges not on what we keep, but on what we give. And it is in the giving that we not only survive to live another day, but we thrive to celebrate another day.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|If you have a hobby, you be happy.
M.I.A.|Anything you cannot relinquish when it has outlived its usefulness possesses you, and in this materialistic age a great many of us are possessed by our possessions.
Mark  Jackman, There's Something About Dying|Eagles, buffalos and deserts vast, it’s no good living in the fucking past.
Mensah Oteh|Don’t try to get even with those who wrong you, get ahead.
Katie McGarry, Red at Night|But then again, I shouldn't judge. That is, after all, my pet peeve.
Anamika Mishra|Let me show you how beautiful life is,Let me take away all your pain;Let me rekindle your faith in love,Let me make you believe in magic again!
Ainslie Hogarth, The Lonely|Is it that I can have fun, or i know not what it is that`s fun?
Cheryl Sterling, What Do You Say to a Naked Elf?|Charlie touched her face gently with long, tanned fingers. “Sometimes I don’t know half of what you say, but I’m damn glad I get to hear it.”“I bet you say that to all the mortals,” she joked, then winced as the pain shot through her again.“You’ve been hurt,” he said, as if noticing for the first time all the blood and gore and exposed body goo.“Yeah, but it only hurts when I laugh.”“Then don’t laugh,” he murmured, finishing the old routine as if he’d been born into Vaudeville. His hands gently probed the edges of the gash.
Tom Robbins, Skinny Legs and All|Whenever a state or an individual cited 'insufficient funds' as an excuse for neglecting this important thing or that, it was indicative of the extent to which reality had been distorted by the abstract lens of wealth. During periods of so-called economic depression, for example, societies suffered for want of all manner of essential goods, yet investigation almost invariably disclosed that there were plenty of goods available. Plenty of coal in the ground, corn in the fields, wool on the sheep. What was missing was not materials but an abstract unit of measurement called 'money.' It was akin to a starving woman with a sweet tooth lamenting that she couldn't bake a cake because she didn't have any ounces. She had butter, flour, eggs, milk, and sugar, she just didn't have any ounces, any pinches, any pints. The loony legacy of money was that the arithmetic by which things were measured had become more valuable than the things themselves.
Sara Nelson, So Many Books, So Little Time: A Year of Passionate Reading|Allowing yourself to stop reading a book - at page 25, 50, or even, less frequently, a few chapters from the end - is a rite of passage in a reader's life, the literary equivalent of a bar mitzvah or a communion, the moment at which you look at yourself and announce: Today I am an adult. I can make my own decisions.
Neil Postman|He watched the desert slip under the airship's nose, and the land roughened into highlands over which he had traveled at great cost, in great pain - dreamlike, such speed, looking down on a world where time moved more slowly, where realities were different and immediate and he had learned for a time to live.
Stephanie Lahart|Don’t ruin your life over somebody else’s foolishness. If they want to leave, let them leave! Manipulating, begging, or coercing someone to stay with you is an insult to SELF. Have confidence in yourself! Know your worth! Take a stand for YOU. You deserve to be loved, respected, and appreciated by someone who’s genuinely in love with you. It may hurt to let go, but trying to force someone to stay with you is more damaging than you realize. It’s VERY unhealthy. Set Yourself Free! Be a Priority to Yourself!
R.K. Lilley, Grounded|Oh fuck, he was right there. I was wet as hell and he could probably smell me now. I should have eaten strawberries or melon or a dozen roses or an entire mint plant. Did that work for women? I read an article that it worked for men. Their spunk tasted like what they ate. Did my vagina taste like spaghetti right now? God dammit! I shouldn't have eaten dinner!
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, The Cost of Discipleship|Fruit is always the miraculous, the created; it is never the result of willing, but always a growth. The fruit of the Spirit is a gift of God, and only He can produce it. They who bear it know as little about it as the tree knows of its fruit. They know only the power of Him on whom their life depends
Christopher Pike, The Last Vampire|For feeling, not events, is to me the essence of history.
Kiera Cass, The Elite|America: Land of the free and home of the gun. We are not brave, we are cowards, or we would have done something, anything after Newtown. Instead we did Nothing.
Angela Carter, Burning Your Boats: The Collected Short Stories|One day you're something, so promising and full o' dares, so big the world's too small a place to hold you. Then, 'fore you know it, you're old, and you realise all them things you had in mind you'll never get to. All them doors you felt too big to fit through have already shut. Only one left open and it leads to nothing but nothing.
Tiesto|I was a super-duper Tupac fan, and I realized later, when I became a huge Nas fan and a huge Eminem fan, I was drawn to the storytellers. They all told stories in different ways, but they were all like the best storytellers.
Fennel Hudson, Wild Carp - Fennel's Journal - No. 4|In the meantime, I’ll get a job. I’ll pay my own way.” “A job?” “Mmm, yeah. It’s that thing people do to make money.
Robin Sacredfire|Ask the person who found you about what kind of people she was looking for before meeting you, as she may not know that she has found one of them already.
Philip Yancey|Trust him not with your secrets, who, when left alone in your room, turns over your papers.
Deyth Banger|The Words 2012, one world is ruin and one new world is build. One twisted pictures, one couple which loved each other... just their relationship dies... And another person just steal somebody's life and then he finds the truth...
Dominique Wilson, The Yellow Papers|The night of the fireworks changed the course of many lives in England, though no one suspected the dark future as hundreds of courtiers stared, faces upturned in delight, at the starbursts of crimson, green, and gold that lit up the terraces, gardens, and pleasure grounds of Rosethorn House, the country home of Richard, Baron Thornleigh. That night, no one was more proud to belong to the baron’s family than his eighteen-year-old ward, Justine Thornleigh; she had no idea that she would soon cause a deadly division in the family and ignite a struggle between two queens. Yet she was already, innocently, on a divergent path, for as Lord and Lady Thornleigh and their multitude of guests watched the dazzle of fireworks honoring the spring visit of Queen Elizabeth, Justine was hurrying away from the public gaiety. Someone had asked to meet her in private.
Christine Grey, Whisper|Dearra felt a blush on her cheeks as she responded. "It's not something I wish to repeat. Let's just say that all men seem to have one thing in common - they are all remarkably protective of their... swords. " Neither girl spoke further, but each wore a wicked grin on her face that would have sent Tebreh running in horror.
Harry S Truman|I have always believed that technology should do the hard work - discovery, organization, communication - so users can do what makes them happiest: living and loving, not messing with annoying computers! That means making our products work together seamlessly.
Lisa Kleypas, A Wallflower Christmas|The letter had been crumpled up and tossed onto the grate. It had burned all around the edges, so the names at the top and bottom had gone up in smoke. But there was enough of the bold black scrawl to reveal that it had indeed been a love letter. And as Hannah read the singed and half-destroyed parchment, she was forced to turn away to hide the trembling of her
Debasish Mridha|Don't appreciate me, I'm not up to it. Don't criticize me, I don't deserve it. Just be my friend and forgive me, because I am craving for it.
Nora Roberts, The Pagan Stone|Hawaii once had a rat problem. Then, somebody hit upon a brilliant solution. import mongooses from India. Mongooses would kill the rats. It worked. Mongooses did kill the rats. Mongooses also killed chickens, young pigs, birds, cats, dogs, and small children. There have been reports of mongooses attacking motorbikes, power lawn mowers, golf carts, and James Michener. in Hawaii now, there are as many mongooses as there once were rats. Hawaii had traded its rat problem for a mongoose problem. Hawaii was determined nothing like that would ever happen again.How could Leigh-Cheri draw for Gulietta the appropriate analogy between Hawaii's rodents and society at large? Society had a crime problem. It hired cops to attack crime. Now society has a cop problem.
Charles Dickens, David Copperfield|If you wanted to create an education environment that was directly opposed to what the brain was good at doing, you probably would design something like a classroom. If you wanted to create a business environment that was directly opposed to what the brain was good at doing, you probably would design something like a cubicle. And if you wanted to change things, you might have to tear down both and start over.
Elizabeth Chandler, Summer in the City|Words are precious things meant to create, to imagine, to dream with.
Denis Johnson, The Name of the World|With a certain frustration I knew I spoke too soon, too urgently. I wanted to get out of the way the things I knew to say, wanted to say, the things I'd been thinking, all in the hope of moving into the unforeseen.
Harriet Beecher Stowe, Uncle Tom's Cabin|Then, somehow, I got caught up in one of Kevin's World War II books - a book of excerpts from the recollections of concentration camp survivors. Stories of beatings, starvation, filth, disease, torture, every possible degradation. As though the Germans had been trying to do in only a few years what the Americans had worked at for nearly two hundred. ... Like the Nazis, antebellum whites had known quite a bit about torture - quite a bit more than I ever wanted to learn.
Naomi Wolf, The Beauty Myth|We need to insist on making culture out of our desire: making paintings, novels, plays and films potent and seductive and authentic enough to undermine and overwhelm the Iron Maiden.
Barbara O'Connor, Wish|On the line beside Describe your family, I wrote, "Bad."What is your favorite subject in school? "None."List three of your favorite activities. "Soccer, ballet, and fighting."Two of those favorite activities were lies but one of them was the truth.I am fond of fighting.
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross|Death comes to all, but great achievements build a monument which shall endure until the sun grows cold.
Reay Tannahill, The Seventh Son|Aaron reached into his jacket pocket and took out his Bible, a gift from his father, Captain Benjamin K. Matthews, on the the day he had ridden off to war. Aaron opened to the Psalms, intending to read, but his eyes were heavy and closed against his will. O death, where is thy sting? Pastor Blackwell had told him that death had no power over him, but he sure felt that sting now. O grave, where is thy victory? How much longer would it be? Just four miles from home. Would Mama ever know?Shiloh, the place of peace. Good ground to die on. Holy ground.
Susan Sontag, Illness as Metaphor & AIDS and Its Metaphors|Some say you have only one shot in life, well if you get ammo, you can reload.
Barry Lyga, The Astonishing Adventures of Fanboy and Goth Girl|The best revenge is living well, my dad told me once.
RJ Cyler|Audiences like me doing action and comedy. I am a jovial person and have been so from childhood. I like to laugh my way through my work, and that attitude reflects in my roles. Even women hate me doing rona-dhona roles. So I don't do emotional films.
Anaïs Nin|But my faith seems naive, at least today. Maybe tomorrow I can believe again.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|A man's attraction towards a woman is propelled by his innate feelings, while a woman is more sort of involved in a mental game, an impossible preposition of sorts, its like playing soccer in a cricket ground!
Jeannette Walls, Half Broke Horses|I was naked and he had more possessions than he could use all at once. I was the proletarian, he was the capitalist, and my relations to him were reduced to the basic proposition of all revolutions: die, I want what you have. It was the first time in my life I'd taken an interest in politics.
Sam Crescent, Ugly|You want something enough that you’re going to hurt, then you stay, and keep it.
Katie Reus, Running from the Past|She made him want to lose control, something he never did. She also made him want things he'd never imagined for his own life, like a family and someone to come home to every night.
Ruta Sepetys, Out of the Easy|Jo, they have a baby grand piano, but no one in the family plays. They have shelves of books they've never read, and the tension between the couples was so thick it nearly choked us.""Let me tell you something 'bout those rich Uptown folk," said Cokie. "They got everything that money can buy, their bank accounts are fat, but they ain't happy. They ain't ever gone be happy. You know why? They soul broke. And money can't fix that, no sir. My friend Bix was poor. Lord, he had to blow that trumpet ten hours a day just to put a little taste in the pot. Died poor, too. You saw him, Jo, with that plate on his chest. But that man wasn't soul broke.
Karen Maitland, Company of Liars|Who are you?" the woman said at last."Lyra Silver—""No, where d'you come from? What are you? How do you know things like this?" Wearily Lyra sighed; she had forgotten how roundabout Scholars could be. It was difficult to tell them the truth when a lie would have been so much easier for them to understand.
John Vaillant, The Tiger: A True Story of Vengeance and Survival|They forget that we, too, have earned the right to live! So I say if we are going to die, my friend, let us die trying, not sitting.
Monica Furlong, Wise Child|We're on the border of this world, speaking a common language. That's all.
Juliet Hopkins|These were not people you could disagree with. If you disagreed, you were wrong."Juliet Hopkins, Tavistock Institute, as quoted in Relationships and how They Shape Our Capacity to Love By Robert Karen
Steven Wright|When humor works, it works because it's clarifying what people already feel. It has to come from someplace real.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|To be successful, one has to be one of three bees - the queen bee, the hardest working bee, or the bee that does not fit in. One success is inherited, and the the next one is earned. While the last one is self-sought, self-served, and happens on its own terms.
Latika Teotia|Dream big and dream of a beautiful world where the sun always shines; where everyone sports a smile; where sorrow doesn’t come knocking on any one’s door; where there is plenty of love and where time stands still to watch you enjoy life.Dream of a peaceful world, a world where children retain their innocence and are not violated even before they bloom; where love exists in its true form and breakups are never heard of; where families grow instead of shrinking; where loneliness doesn’t exist and old age is spent enjoying the fruits of love that you sowed.Dream of a world where unselfishness and selflessness rule the roost; where we are not divided on the basis of colour or creed, instead we treat each other with love and respect; where there is equality in everything and the line between the haves and have not's doesn’t exist. Such a world will bring Heaven on Earth.Fly out on the wings of imagination to build such a world and let not even the sky be your limit.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Hate when hate acquaints the burns,Love when love heals it!
Wogu Donald|No one woke up one morning out of the blue and just outright, fully loved themselves. It takes active effort. It takes active presence. You must learn to be more self-aware. You need to find things to be grateful for about yourself. You need to practice that love. Start small, but do it every day. Write it down if it helps. Keep growing the list of self-appreciation and love. Learn to look into the mirror and love the person looking back at you. Find that self-acceptance. Accept yourself not in perfection, but in love. Love the fallible and frail human you are. Develop self-love. If you want to have a successful and happy life you need to learn to become your own friend. You must foster and nurture the relationship you have with yourself. Out of all the people in your life, the one you will be with the longest is yourself. I can't stress enough how important it is to learn to love yourself. Practice it every day.
Ufuoma Apoki|The truth, when finally revealed, is sticky like wet dough. The majority of it stays in place as one handles it, but pieces break off and adhere, making certain facts seem larger, more portentous, than others.
Salman Rushdie, The Enchantress of Florence|This may be the curse of the human race, not that we are so different from one another, but that we are so alike.
Hermann Hesse|And was it not perhaps more childlike and human to lead a Goldmund-life, more courageous, more noble perhaps in the end to abandon oneself to the cruel stream of reality, to chaos, to commit sins and accept their bitter consequences rather than live a clean life with washed hands outside the world, laying out a lonely harmonious thought-garden, strolling sinlessly among one's sheltered flower beds. Perhaps it was harder, braver and nobler to wander through forests and along the highways with torn shoes, to suffer sun and rain, hunger and need, to play with the joys of the senses and pay for them with suffering. At any rate, Goldmund had shown him that a man destined for high things can dip into the lowest depths of the bloody, drunken chaos of life, and soil himself with much dust and blood, without becoming small and common, without killing the divine spark within himself, that he can err through the thickest darkness without extinguishing the divine light and the creative force inside the shrine of his soul.
Peter Baynham|I got my first instrument for Christmas when I was three or four years old. My parents got me a mandolin because it was the only instrument that would fit me because I was so small. I went straight from that into the drums when I was six, and then I started playing guitar when I was seven or eight.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|Nobody likes being alone that much. I don't go out of my way to make friends, that's all. It just leads to disappointment. 
Frederick Buechner, A Room Called Remember: Uncollected Pieces|From the essay on Love, in which he describes as a wilderness experience his daily visits with his wife to a hospital 3,000 miles from home in a strange city, where someone he loves is in danger of dying. “When the worst finally happens, or almost happens, a kind of peace comes. I had passed beyond grief, beyond terror, all but beyond hope, and it was thee, in that wilderness, that for the first time in my life I caught sight of something of what it must be like to love God truly. It was only a glimpse, but it was like stumbling on fresh water in the desert, like remembering something so huge and extraordinary that my memory had been unable to contain it. Though God was nowhere to be clearly seen, nowhere to be clearly heard, I had to be near him—even in the elevator riding up to her floor, even walking down the corridor to the one door among all those doors that had her name taped on it. I loved him because there was nothing else left. I loved him because he seemed to have made himself as helpless in his might as I was in my helplessness. I loved him not so much in spite of there being nothing in it for me but almost because there was nothing in it for me. For the first time in my life, there in that wilderness, I caught a glimpse of what it must be like to love God truly, for his own sake, to love him no matter what. If I loved him with less than all my heart, soul, and will, I loved him with at least as much of them as I had left for loving anything…I did not love God, God knows, because I was some sort of saint or hero. I did not love him because I suddenly saw the light (there was almost no light at all) or because I hoped by loving him to persuade him to heal the young woman I loved. I loved him because I couldn’t help myself. I loved him because the one who commands us to love is the one who also empowers us to love, as there in the wilderness of that dark and terrible time I was, through no doing of my own, empowered to love him at least a little, at least enough to survive. And in the midst of it, these small things happened that were as big as heaven and earth because through them a hope beyond hopelessness happened. “O Israel, hope in the Lord from this time forth and for evermore.”…The final secret, I think, is this: that the words “You shall love the Lord your God” become in the end less a command than a promise.
Jose Andres|Becoming a mom forced me to re-prioritize and make room for the things that are most important, while recognizing that there are things I can let go of, and the world won't crumble around me.
Herbert M. Shelton, Getting Well|There are many things to resist, but disease is not one of them.
Jandy Nelson, The Sky Is Everywhere|That's a misconception, Lennie. The sky is everywhere, it begins at your feet.
Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra, Don Quixote|Sometimes when a father has an ugly, loutish son, the love he bears him so blindfolds his eyes that he does not see his defects, or, rather, takes them for gifts and charms of mind and body, and talks of them to his friends as wit and grace. I, however—for though I pass for the father, I am but the stepfather to "Don Quixote"—have no desire to go with the current of custom, or to implore thee, dearest reader, almost with tears in my eyes, as others do, to pardon or excuse the defects thou wilt perceive in this child of mine. Thou art neither its kinsman nor its friend, thy soul is thine own and thy will as free as any man's, whate'er he be, thou art in thine own house and master of it as much as the king of his taxes and thou knowest the common saying, "Under my cloak I kill the king;" all which exempts and frees thee from every consideration and obligation, and thou canst say what thou wilt of the story without fear of being abused for any ill or rewarded for any good thou mayest say of it.
Ana Ortega|Some say that "there is no such thing as free lunch". And, I ask, why not? The joy of giving without expecting anything in return from a particular source is simply magic.
Hilary Boyd, Thursdays in the Park|Sixty is heaven," she [bohemian Aunt Norma] told Jeanie as they sat having tea. "The world is done with you, you become to all intents and purposes invisible, particularly if you are a woman. I like to think of it as your third life. There's childhood, then adult conformity - work, family, responsibility - then just when everyone assumes it's all over and you're on the scrap heap of old age, freedom! You can finally be who you are, not what society wants you to be, not who 'you' think you ought to be.
Greg Rucka, Star Wars: Guardians of the Whills|For the light to exist, there must be the dark. For the Force, there must be balance.
P.G. Wodehouse, My Man Jeeves|I love children, especially when they cry, for then someone takes them away.
Ida B. Wells|I'm just kind of taking a break now and enjoying the freedom of making my own choices. When you're on a television show for six years, they run your schedule.
Osho, Bliss: Living beyond happiness and misery|How can I know these trees, how can I know you, how can I know the other if I myself am unknown to me, if I am myself ignorant; when I do not know who I am.
Jennifer Jason Leigh|It was less in pity than in anger that the world was moved by the photograph of little Alan Kurdi, that dead three-year-old Syrian refugee boy whose name we're all remembering now on the first anniversary of his drowning, along with his five-year-old brother Galip and their mother Rehanna.
Stephanie Lahart|Most females are dissatisfied with how they look and battle with countless insecurities, not realizing that you look most beautiful when you think you don’t. I wish that women and girls all over the world knew just how uniquely beautiful that we ALL are. Loving yourself for who YOU are is empowering! There’s great freedom in being unbothered by other people’s opinion of you.
Tatjana Soli, The Lotus Eaters|Although it may be unused, the front door continues to appeal to our sense arrival. Call it the ceremony of coming home.
Bessel A. van der Kolk|He looks at me. His face is dotted with raindrops but I think there are tears too. 'I love her. I always have. You know that.' 'And me?'And I known he means how I feel about him and me kissing him.'You're my friend, Gabriel.''Do you kiss all your friends like that?' But he asks it without the harshness of his other questions. It's a real question.'Just you.
Rebecca Harding Davis|I think there's a supreme power behind the whole thing, an intelligence. Look at all of the instincts of nature, both animals and plants, the very ingenious ways they survive. If you cut yourself, you don't have to think about it.
David Nicholls|Aboard the gondola, Giacomo Foscarini sat facing Mathias. They were crossing the Canal Grande, then they would navigate around San Marco and return. Foscarini loved to travel around Venice this way. They stopped briefly at a mooring near the bridge to the Rialto, and Foscarini had a servant fetch green olives, fresh Piacenza cheese, a few sausages from Modena, and wine that had just been delivered from Crete. The nobleman often dined aboard his gondola, looking out over the city, watching his world. "Seen from this vantage point, Venice doesn't seem like it's in any of its terrible troubles at all magister," said Foscarini.
Rabindranath Tagore, The Home and the World|His love for me seemed to overflow my limits by its flood of wealth and service. But my necessity was more for giving than foe receiving; for love is a vagabond, who can make his flowers bloom in the wayside dust, better than in the crystal jars kept in the drawing-room.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|If the farmer is rich, then so is the nation.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens|If you live long enough, you see the same eyes in different people
Ralph Waldo Emerson|We are all inventors, each sailing out on a voyage of discovery, guided each by a private chart, of which there is no duplicate. The world is all gates, all opportunities.
Anthony Trollope, Can You Forgive Her?|She was as one who, in madness, was resolute to throw herself from a precipice, but to whom some remnant of sanity remained which forced her to seek those who would save her from herself.
Antoine François Prévost d'Exiles, Manon Lescaut|Believe it or not, you and your enemies want many of the same things and share values.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|It is always thus, impelled by a state of mind which is destined not to last, we make our irrevocable decisions
Mike Klepper|Every revolution begins with breakfast,’ I quoted as they left. ‘Is this your revolution, Jaxon?
Auliq Ice|Everthing-absolutely everything-will be my I love you, Eppie.
Rebecca McKinsey, Anterria|Even in its darkest passages, the heart is unconquerable. It is important that the body survives, but it is more meaningful that the human spirit prevails.
Dave Barry|Eating rice cakes is like chewing on a foam coffee cup, only less filling.
Warren Ellis, Gun Machine|Jim Rosato was recently married, to a Greek nurse. Rosato was half Irish and half Italian, and there was a pool on at the 1st as to which of the two would arrive at work wearing the other's skin as a hat within the year.
Suzanne Finnamore, The Zygote Chronicles|If there's one thing I hate, it's not knowing what's wrong with someone and all you want to do is make them feel better.
Sameh Elsayed|The universe is a life giving force that is part of us. It flows in harmony through us guiding our every step. It maintain the harmony and flow of life. It gives us the passion and the knowledge we need to live and be inspired by. Yet in return, it is inspired by the human spirit
Boyd K. Packer|It is a painful thing to say to oneself: by choosing one road I am turning my back on a thousand others. Everything is interesting; everything might be useful; everything attracts and charms a noble mind; but death is before us; mind and matter make their demands; willy-nilly we must submit and rest content as to things that time and wisdom deny us, with a glance of sympathy which is another act of our homage to the truth.
Cristin Harber, Winters Heat|Okay. Scrabble, donuts, flowers, corndogs, pre-pubescent British wizards and indie music. Am I missing anything important?”She’s still blushing and it’s like the heat in her face is trapping all the words inside of her. “What is it?” I ask, an involuntary grin tugging on my mouth. I love it when she blushes like this.Amy sighs, looks up toward the chandelier, “You, Cole. I like you.
Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner|A creative writing teacher at San Jose State used to say about clichés: 'Avoid them like the plague.' Then he'd laugh at his own joke. The class laughed along with him, but I always thought clichés got a bum rap. Because, often, they're dead-on. But the aptness of the clichéd saying is overshadowed by the nature of the saying as a cliché.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, The Cost of Discipleship|The earthly form of Christ is the form that died on the cross. The image of God is the image of Christ crucified. It is to this image that the life of the disciples must be conformed; in other words, they must be conformed to his death (Phil 3.10, Rom 6.4) The Christian life is a life of crucifixion (Gal 2.19) In baptism the form of Christ's death is impressed upon his own. They are dead to the flesh and to sin, they are dead to the world, and the world is dead to them (Gal 6.14). Anybody living in the strength of Christ's baptism lives in the strength of Christ's death.
Thomm Quackenbush, Pagan Standard Times: Essays on the Craft|We can learn a lot about a person in the very moment that language fails them. In the very moment that they have to be more creative than they would have imagined in order to communicate. It’s the very moment that they have to dig deeper than the surface to find words, and at the same time, it’s a moment when they want to communicate very badly. They’re digging deep and projecting out at the same time. […] The idea is that the psychology of people is going to live right inside those moments when their grammar falls apart and, like being in a shipwreck, they are on their own to make it all work out.
Hill Harper|So many of our young women today, they're growing up without a father, but they're still thirsty for that and desiring positive male love.
C.J. Redwine, Deception|And for me, it means honoring those who've loved me and sacrificed for me by choosing to be the kind of warrior who delivers justice even when it threatens to hurt me.
David Raney|The Australian jewel beetle has sex with beer bottles.The beetles are a light chocolate color with dimples all down their back and dark black legs and heads that peek out from underneath their carapeces. Their bodies are big and long instead of round, and they resemble cicadas more than they do ladybugs. The male Australian jewel beetle is hardwired to like certain aspects about the female jewel beetle. They like females to be big, brown, and shiny. The bottles they make love to are bigger, browner, and shinier than any female could ever hope to be. In Australia, a certain type of bottle called stubbies overstimulates male jewel beetles. In a trash heap filled with bottles, you will often see every single stubby covered in male jewel beetles trying to get it on. The stubbies are what evolutionary psychologists call supernormal releasers. They are superstimuli, better than the real thing. The beetles will mate with these bottles even while being devoured by ants.
Anthony Hopkins|In my 20s, life seemed endless. At 49, I've had a chance to see how dark life can be, and I am far more aware of the constraints of time than when I wrote 'The Kite Runner.' I realise there is only a limited number of things I can do.
Anonymous|You control your own destiny. Never let anyone put you in a box and say 'This is your space'; You have the whole world to choose from. If you have something to say, say it. Live your life as you want to live it, not how others perceive your life to be lived. Take control. Today.
Emily Colin, The Memory Thief|We sleep with dream, fantasy and hope, but we always get up with reality.
Whitney Wolfe|I grew up thinking that it's okay to be sad, angry, and express your emotions. I have also banged doors and fought, as I have seen my mom do that when she would fight with my dad. Everything that I've learnt is from them, so I've never struggled to express myself.
Bill Gross|Informed consent is required for every invasive medical procedure, from getting your ears pierced to having an abortion.
Bernard Stiegler, Acting Out|Radical space technologies never reach the public because unknown groups do not wish humanity to have access to the highest knowledge or the most advanced scientific inventions. Perhaps this suppression is out of fear that the masses may be able to explore our Solar System and the Universe beyond it. Whatever the case, it seems they want us to stay at ignorant levels forever.
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, Essence of Reality: A Clear Awareness of How Life Works|Because your life is a reflection of your inner Self, causality comes exclusively in changing your own nature, not trying to change the external world out there by manipulating it.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|The music of cri-cri and cigales droned on in a hypnotic rhythm, punctuated by the occasional croon of the nightingale. I thought of lullabies and how as a child they would placate my disappointment that another day had ended. I was used to sleeping in strange places, and would always focus on sound to relax. In the pawnshop, it was the ticking of grandfather clocks or the tuning of antique instruments. In the thieves’ den, it was striking of a match, the bubbling of a water pipe and the gentle murmur floating in off the streets. On the Wastrel, it was the wind or the creaking wood. It was important to me to find lullabies where I could. If death came with a lullaby, perhaps fewer men would fear it.
Haruki Murakami|The others in the dorm thought I wanted to be a writer, because I was always alone with a book, but I had no such ambition. ”― Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood
Kirsten Gillibrand|The communities and countries best at using energy to optimize a microclimate for human life are also the ones whose people have the longest average lifespans. Canada, Sweden, and Iceland - places with inhospitable winter weather - are frontrunners in sustaining human health and life.
Amy Grant|When you get just a complete sense of blackness or void ahead of you, that somehow the future looks an impossible place to be, and the direction you are going seems to have no purpose, there is this word despair which is a very awful thing to feel.
Paul Murray, The Mark and the Void|The stories we read in books, what's presented to us as being interesting - they have very little to do with real life as it's lived today. I'm not talking about straight-up escapism, your vampires, serial killers, codes hidden in paintings, and so on. I mean so-called serious literature. A boy goes hunting with his emotionally volatile father, a bereaved woman befriends an asylum seeker, a composer with a rare neurological disorder walks around New York, thinking about the nature of art. People looking back over their lives, people having revelations, people discovering meaning. Meaning, that's the big thing. The way these books have it, you trip over a rock you'll find some hidden meaning waiting there. Everyone's constantly on the verge of some soul-shaking transformation. And it's - if you'll forgive my language - it's bullshit. Modern people live in a state of distraction. They go from one distraction to the next, and that's how they like it. They don't transform, they don't stop to smell the roses, they don't sit around recollecting long passages of their childhood - Jesus, I can hardly remember what I was doing two days ago. My point is, people aren't waiting to be restored to some ineffable moment. They're not looking for meaning. That whole idea of the novel - that's finished.
Andrea Goeglein|When you use life's curve balls to create positive energy, you cultivate a Don't Die® spirit that powers you through moment by moment so that you live your life to the fullest until the very end.
Jacqueline Simon Gunn|I highly recommend running through grassy trails in the rain. There is a haven of serenity out in nature, the sound of raindrops and the scent of flowers, the feeling of the water along my skin. Even in the middle of a busy city and an insane world, there is beauty everywhere. All we have to do is pause long enough to notice.
Greg Mortenson, Stones Into Schools: Promoting Peace With Books, Not Bombs, in Afghanistan and Pakistan|If you teach a boy, you educate an individual; but if you teach a girl, you educate a community.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, The First Circle|Much of the way food has been shaped and formed in prisons is due to the cultural thought about prisoners in general, and how they should be treated by society and by the state. Food in prison is a reflection of culture and cultural thinking about criminal justice and reform.
Debasish Mridha|The prime purposes of our lives is to help others, love others, and be kind to others.
Ted Chiang, Stories of Your Life and Others|CURIOSITY DEMANDS THAT WE ASK QUESTIONS,THAT WE TRY TO PUT THINGS TOGETHER AND TRY TO UNDERSTAND THIS MULTITUDE OF ASPECTSAS PERHAPS RESULTING FROM THE ACTION OF A RELATIVELY SMALL NUMBER OF ELEMENTALTHINGS AND FORCES ACTING IN AN INFINITE VARIETY OF COMBINATIONS
Chiang Kai-shek|I have never been able to grasp the meaning of time. I don't believe it exists. I've felt this again and again, when alone and out in nature. On such occasions, time does not exist. Nor does the future exist.
Sade Andria Zabala, Coffee and Cigarettes|...The human mind is a complicated place...We hold on to things, images, words, ideas, histories that we don't even know we're holding on to.
Rebecca Gober, Exposing ELE|You do know baby. You’re just scared and that’s okay. But don’t throw away yourchance for happiness because you’re afraid to take the leap or because you know someone ends up hurt. No matter what you choose, someonewas always going to end up heartbroken. But if there’s a chance two hearts can be blissfully happy together in love, then that’s worth the broken heart of one. They will mend. They will find love again and be happy. But if you do this, let them both walk away, the only heart that will break andstay broken is yours baby.
Vincent van Gogh, The Letters of Vincent van Gogh|Well, what shall I say; our inward thoughts, do they ever show outwardly? There may be a great fire in our soul, but no one ever comes to warm himself at it, and the passers-by see only a little bit of smoke coming through the chimney, and pass on their way.
Mark Twain|It’s no company at all, when people know nothing and say nothing,’ she muttered.
Wilkie Collins, The Haunted Hotel: A Mystery of Modern Venice|What lurking temptations to forbidden tenderness find their finding-places in a woman's dressing-gown, when she is alone in her room at night!
Rita Mae Brown|The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four people is suffering from a mental illness. Look at your 3 best friends. If they're ok, then it's you.
George R.R. Martin|The lord of light made the sun and moon and stars to light our day, and gave us fire to keep the night at bay.
Barbara Kingsolver, The Poisonwood Bible|Do you ever plan to grow up, Veltan?” he asked.“Not if I can avoid it, no.
Pierre Teilhard de Chardin|The claim that too many criminals are being jailed, that there is over-incarceration, ignores an unfortunate fact: For the vast majority of crimes, a perpetrator is never identified or arrested, let alone prosecuted, convicted and jailed.
Tsunetomo Yamamoto, Hagakure: The Book of the Samurai|We don't need you to make us feel safe, Jake. Because you made us feel brave. And that's even better.
Debasish Mridha|Let us find the way to the peaceLe us make peace, the way of lifeLet us sing the song of peaceLet us dance together with joy of lifeLet us feel and love each otherLet us share and bloom togetherLet us dare to care for who sufferLet us dream a peaceful earth forever.
Paul Walker|The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved; loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves.
Don Borchert|The library knows that it is a temporary fix. We have a stamp for the inside front cover: BROKEN SPINE NOTED. It is like a bracelet worn by a diabetic. When you return the book with this message stamped inside, we know you're not the one responsible for this horrible thing. It was some other bastard before you. The book has a preexisting condition.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|The job of feets is walking, but their hobby is dancing.
Claire Hamelin Manning|Fanscination is what keeps a writer going. To be able to write, a writer has to be fascinated about a particular something that becomes the idea of the story
Emma Jane Unsworth, Animals|Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and today -- all without seeing him. It is a long time to be alone; still, it is better to be alone that unwelcome. I had to have company -- I was made for it, I think -- so I made friends with the animals.
Tom Clancy, Patriot Games|Have you ever been in love, Alison?" He leaned in and draped his arm along the back of her chair. "I'm not talking about a crush or infatuation. I'm talking about where you'd do anything for someone. Can't stop thinking about them. Be there if they were sick or just needed a shoulder to lean on. Someone you wanted to wake up to every single day and couldn't wait until you saw them again at night. Someone who made you feel like you're everything you've ever wanted to be.
Dr. Lucas D. Shallua|Dream big as you can and shoot for the stars, but get started even if its small baby steps, they count!
The Mother, Words of the Mother - II|Gratitude is an antidote to negative emotions, a neutralizer of envy, hostility, worry, and irritation. It is savoring; it is not taking things for granted; it is present oriented.
Frank Portman, King Dork|It was more like an abortion than music, but he got a wildly enthusiastic response from the crowd. Well, we're all pro-choice out here in Hillmont, after all.
Kathryn Stockett, The Help|Wasn't that the point of the book? For women to realize, We are just two people. Not that much separates us. Not nearly as much as I'd thought.
Clint Van Winkle, Soft Spots: A Marine's Memoir of Combat and Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder|I wasn't writing home. I wasn't writing a death letter, either. I was writing a death journal, a piece of fiction meant for my family and my fiancee, Sara.
Eliezer Yudkowsky, Harry Potter and the Methods of Rationality|Time and space were, from Death's point of view, merely things that he'd heard described. When it came to Death, they ticked the box marked Not Applicable. It might help to think of the universe as a rubber sheet, or perhaps not.
Dana Marton, Deathwatch|Yet Anthony knew that there were days when they hurt each other purposely—taking almost a delight in the thrust. Incessantly she puzzled him: one hour so intimate and charming, striving desperately toward an unguessed, transcendent union; the next, silent and cold, apparently unmoved by any consideration of their love or anything he could say. Often he would eventually trace these portentous reticences to some physical discomfort—of these she never complained until they were over—or to some carelessness or presumption in him, or to an unsatisfactory dish at dinner, but even then the means by which she created the infinite distances she spread about herself were a mystery, buried somewhere back in those twenty-two years of unwavering pride.
Charles R. Swindoll|God doesn't work on our timetable. He has a plan that He will execute perfectly and for the highest, greatest good of all, and for His ultimate glory.
Vicki Corona, Tahitian Choreographies: Intermediate to Advanced Level Female Instruction|Remember that life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away!
Elayne Boosler|It is wonderful to contemplate how the planetary forces balance each other so perfectly that universal equilibrium is maintained despite the disturbances of the 1,500 millions which inhabit the Earth alone, not to speak of other spheres.
Ishmael Beah, A Long Way Gone: Memoirs of a Boy Soldier|I was afraid to fall asleep, but staying awake also brought back painful memories. Memories I sometimes wish I could wash away, even though I am aware that they are an important part of what my life is; who I am now. I stayed up all night, anxiously waiting for daylight, so that I could fully return to my new life, to rediscover happiness I had known as a child, the joy that had stayed alive inside me even through times when being alive itself became a burden. These days I live in three worlds: my dreams, and the experiences of my new life, which trigger memories from the past.
Zora Neale Hurston, Their Eyes Were Watching God|..she began to stand around the gate and expect things. What things? She didn't know exactly. Her breath was gusty and short. She knew things that nobody ever told her. For instance, the words of the trees and the wind. .. She knew the world was a stallion rolling in the blue pasture of ether. She knew that God tore down the old world every evening and built a new one by sun-up. It was wonderful to see it take form with the sun and emerge from the gray dust of its making. 
Mohammad Hatta|I’d volunteer to go to prison, as long as there are books. Because with books I am free.
Dan  Harmon|Don't be so hard on yourself, don't put pressure on yourself, life is just a chain of experiments and results, and you'll be perfect when you're dead.
Zhuangzi|I cannot tell if what the world considers ‘happiness’ is happiness or not. All I know is that when I consider the way they go about attaining it, I see them carried away headlong, grim and obsessed, in the general onrush of the human herd, unable to stop themselves or to change their direction. All the while they claim to be just on the point of attaining happiness.
Sunday Adelaja|His heart...responds to those once-upon-a-time people, anonymous in the shadows, the faith it took them to come together and rest and listen through the gruesomeness, their patience for the ever after, happy or not.
Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel|I want a fever, in poetry: a fever, and tranquillity.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, The Untapped Wonderer in You: Dare to Do the Undone|Sure, Mom.They stop and say hello, and then once you pass they talk the back off you like you were nothing. They assess your outfit, your hairstyle, and they garble what you say so it comes out ugly.
Reinhold Niebuhr|Our true wisdom is to embrace with meek docility, and without reservation, whatever the holy scriptures have delivered.
Glenn Beck|We have allowed the system to be so corrupted that many want justice to be "empathetic," not blind.
Konstantin Batyushkov|Sleep is a kind of peace, and I have not yet earned peace.
Steve Maraboli|Stagnancy will suffocate a business… Leadership must be dynamic and evolving to ensure successful growth, enhancement, and longevity.
Sarah Orne Jewett, The Country of the Pointed Firs|Sometimes I think the urge to believe in our own worldview is our most powerful intellectual imperative, the mind's equivalent of feeding, fighting, and fornicating. People will eagerly twist facts into wholly unrecognizable shapes to fit them into existing suppositions. They'll ignore the obvious, select the irrelevant, and spin it all into a tapestry of self-deception, solely to justify an idea, no matter how impoverished or self-destructive.
Eric Braeden|There is something at work that's bigger than us. It's about having a trust in life and being at peace that things are happening the way they should. You do what you do as well as you can do it, and then you don't worry or agonize about the outcome.
Scott Stabile|Of course change is hard. It has to be. It carries with it - every single time - the potential to elevate, even revolutionize your life in ways you can never truly realize until you're already transformed, safely on the other side of your resistance and fear. Change is hard, but rarely as difficult as not doing anything.Now is the time - really, right now - to start making those changes you know you need to make in your life. Dive into change, into the sea of possibility it creates, and trust that all the hard work will bring you some deeply wonderful things - like a greater sense of calm and happiness, and a truer taste of freedom.If you can’t dive in, that’s okay. Tip toe, baby step, crawl if you have to. Just keep moving forward, no matter what, into what is already becoming your new and beautiful reality.
James Frey, Bright Shiny Morning|We may say that all ages are dangerous to all people, in this dangerous life we live. But the thirties are a specially dangerous time for women. They have outlived the shyness and restraints of girlhood, and not attained to the caution and discretion of middle age. They are reckless, and consciously or unconsciously on the lookout for adventure. They see ahead of them the end of youth, and that quickens their pace.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|When there is too much sorrow in your heart, true compassion gets its ways out of it. Don’t make a will over your sorrow, nobody needs to inherit it!
Jennifer L. Roberts|A novelist is essentially a person who covers distance through his patience, slowly, like an ant. A novelist impresses us not by his demonic and romantic vision, but by his patience.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|The human population would probably be way less than a thousand, if ejaculation were not usually accompanied by an orgasm.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Princess|I did not think you would be angry, Jem burst out, and it was like ice cracking across a frozen waterfall, freeing a torrent. We were engaged, Tessa. A proposal-an offer of marriage-is a promise. A promise to love and care for someone always. I did not mean to break mine to you. But it was that or die. I wanted to wait, to be married to you and live wit you for years, but that wasn't possible. I was dying too fast. I would have given it up-all of it up-to be married to you for a day. A day that would never have come. You are a reminder-a reminder of everything I am losing. The life I will not have.
G.K. Chesterton, The Man Who Was Thursday: A Nightmare|Who would condescend to strike down the mere things that he does notfear? Who would debase himself to be merely brave, like any commonprizefighter? Who would stoop to be fearless--like a tree? Fight thething that you fear. You remember the old tale of the English clergymanwho gave the last rites to the brigand of Sicily, and how on hisdeath-bed the great robber said, 'I can give you no money, but I cangive you advice for a lifetime: your thumb on the blade, and strikeupwards.' So I say to you, strike upwards, if you strike at the stars.
Ikechukwu Joseph, Repositioning Yourself for  Greater Success|-About potentials, ,decipher(decode),discern, decide and determine what they are
Sanober  Khan, A Thousand Flamingos|Only fools lay claims where lovers thread for when such love is renewed, lovers dance upon their heads.
Simon S. Tam|...legal procedure has always tacitly been concerned with human relations, rather than abstract justice, and that consequently in spite of the legal codes it is really the human relations underneath that determine the verdicts in the courts.
Destin Bays, True Love|Helena had been standing by her window looking out to sea, breathing in the fresh air and admiring the picturesque scene of a small ship sailing into the harbor.She had not been able to think of anything other than Mikolas for days."From LONGING the 3rd chapter of TRUE LOVE
Terry Spear, Phantom Fae|Will you return to your home if Prince Grotto's reign is ended?"	"Yes. It is home."	"Will you take me back as your gardener?
Jamila Woods|When I started writing poetry, it was always in very hip-hop influenced spaces: Someone would teach a Nas song side-by-side with a Gwendolyn Brooks poem, and we'd talk about the connections between those things.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|The waves of regret were gentle, but I knew they would ripple on forever.
Alyson Noel, Night Star|Soundlessly whispering into the void, my lips moving quickly, silently, without ceasing. Calling his name, calling him to me.Even though there's no use.Even though it's futile.Even though it's way past too late.
Danny Strong|Albania does not feel alone. It is part of the Partnership for Peace structures in NATO, and it will do what it can within that.
Ryan Lochte|Luck, like a Russian car, generally only works if you push it.
Sara Bareilles, Sounds Like Me: My Life (So Far) in Song|My emotional world imploded, and there is nothing that could have been said or done to make it easier. No one was in the wrong, and maybe that is what made it so painful. I wanted someone to blame, but instead got the two people I loved most doing their best to navigate uncharted waters.
Dani Alexander, Shattered Glass|If the shoe fits, buy another one just like it.
Anne Roiphe, Art and Madness: A Memoir of Lust Without Reason|For the first time I realized adults could back themselves into corners so remote that love, or its memory, could no longer reach them.
Elle Todd, The Elect|Lonely, Vaguely Pedophilic Swing Set Seeks the Butts of Children.
Katherine McIntyre, By the Sea|If I stay close to the sea, I will go on well.
Abdullah of Saudi Arabia|Over the course of my career, I have come to accept that some of my more provocative work courts controversy, and as an artist, I value the discourse that arises from this. I can only hope for this discourse to be informed by fact, so that whether you love my work or hate it, you give it, and me, the benefit of the truth.
Lee Pryke|Not until we are faced with a crisis or sadness do we begin to remember that if we only laughed a bit more, loved a lot more, and felt the simplicity of loving ourselves-just a little more…this day would be the greatest day ever!
Alan Greenspan|We hold back our true feelings and beliefs, whether it's from a sense of being polite or fear of hurting someone's feelings. But what I have seen on 'The Oprah Winfrey Show' is that no one benefits from holding back and keeping things bottled up inside. So I pride myself on speaking my mind and not being afraid to give honest feedback.
Auliq-Ice|No matter what the hatred is, preserve the possibility of peace and always have room for forgiveness.
Jael McHenry|A sous-chef with dreams of her own restaurant empire may have mastered the art of classical French sauce making, but not yet have developed the signature cooking style she imagines as the cornerstone of her own chain of restaurants. She gauges her progress not only by whether she is moving toward her aspirations, but also by her improving skills. Our chef may not yet have the stature of Chef Auguste Escoffier or Emeril Lagasse, but she can remember a time when she could not name the five French mother sauces, let alone execute them. She's made progress. Appreciating the skills she has developed is a marker along the path toward her culinary aspirations. The sense of accomplishment that accompanies improved skills is one of the rewards we reap when we dedicate ourselves to mastery.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Every moment you are open, as a humble student, you are surrounded with infinite possibilities of choice.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you follow your heart, you will always find happiness.
Meg Cabot|Sorry, Bex," Jason said "You don't have the recognizable facial characteristics - such as a huge chin, or a large amount of real estate between the eyes - that would merit the bestowing of a criminal mastermind nickname such as Lockjaw or Walleye. Whereas Crazytop here...well, just look at her." "Atleast I can blow-dry my hair straight," I pointed out. "Which is more than what I can say for your nose, Hawkface.
Stephen King, Joyland|She looked beautiful,standing there barefoot in her faded jeans. I wanted to take her in my arms, and lift her, and carry her into some untroubled future.Instead, I left her where she was. That's not the world we live in, she'd said, and how right she was,
Jack Steinberger|If heaven really exists: then, technically, living is an activity that believers keep themselves busy with — while they wait for their death.
Betty MacDonald|Her magic formula for dealing with children is ignoring all faults and accenting tiny virtues. She says, "Instead of telling Tommy day in and day out that he is the naughtiest boy in the United States of America, which could very well be true, take an aspirin and comment on his neatly tied shoes. Almost anybody would rather be known for expert shoe-tying than for kicking the cat." She always tells whiners how charming they are--bullies how brave--bad sports how good--sneaks how honest!
John Marshall|Oh judge! Your damn laws! The good people don't need them, and the bad people don't obey them.
Sarah Grimm, Not Without Risk|Simon leveled the gun at Will again. 'Now,' he said casually, 'someone's gonna die here in the next minute.'On the other side of the two-way mirror, Sammy took aim.'That's exactly right,' she whispered.
Scott Weiland|You just have to be prepared because in the Premier League, you are not always going to have more than once chance to score. When it comes your way, you have to be ready to take that chance. If you're not calm, you know it might not come again.
David Josiah Brewer|One of my favorite places I've visited is Havana, Cuba. On my way home from Costa Rica, I did a week in Havana. The colors, the music, the beautiful men and the cars! I love vintage and antique cars and own a couple myself.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Just as a prism refracts light differently when you change its angle, each experience of love illuminates love in new ways, drawing from an infinite palette of patterns and hues.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Dream Thieves|You don't have to do this," Ronan said."There isn't anything else, man.""There's reality."Kavinsky laughed the word. "Reality! Reality's what other people dream for you.""Reality's where other people are," Ronan replied. He stretched out his arms. "What's here, K? Nothing! No one!""Jus
Candace Bushnell, Sex and the City|There are worse things than being thirty-five, single, and female in New York. Like: Being twenty-five, singled, and female in New York. It's a rite of passage few women would want to repeat. It's about sleeping with the wrong men, wearing the wrong clothes, having the wrong roommate, saying the wrong thing, being ignored, getting fired, not being taken seriously, and generally being treated like shit. But it's necessary.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Many a mess, but greater the grace of mercy.
Rollo May, The Courage to Create|Poets may be delightful creatures in the meadow or the garret, but they are menaces on the assembly line.
Albert Einstein|Harry — I think I've just understood something! I've got to go to the library!”And she sprinted away, up the s
Christopher Bond|If the childhood obesity epidemic remains unchecked, it will condemn many of our kids to shorter lives, as well as the emotional and financial burdens of poor health.
Sanhita Baruah|It will be foolish not to get your heart broken, even once.For having a broken heart makes you realize the immense capability it possesses to mend and heal itself and to love far more intensely,with every affixed piece of it that was once broken and torn apart..
James S.A. Corey, The Butcher of Anderson Station|Thirty paces, twenty, and you can see the eyes of the men who will try to kill you, and see the spear-blades, and the instinct is to stop, to straighten the shields. We cringe from battle, fear claws at us, time seems to stop, there is silence though a thousand men shout, and at that moment, when terror savages the heart like a trapped beast, you must hurl yourself into the horror.Because the enemy feels the same.And you have come to kill him. You are the beast from his nightmares.
Non Pratt, Trouble|For my mum, to whom I'd turn in a heartbeat.
Maurice Sendak|Women respond to comfort and a sense of humor. I was always able to make them laugh, so that helps a lot.
Erik Pevernagie|We do not want to old to be sharper than we. It is bad enough that they were there first, and got the best things.
Bill Clinton|If one candidate is appealing to your fears, and the other one's appealing to your hopes, you’d better vote for the person who wants you to think and hope!
Ellen Schreiber, Love Bites|Library? That sounded reasonable. As my thoughts revolved around my days surrounded by books, something miraculous happened. My anger subsided. It ebbed away as the thoughts of books, pages, and comfort entered my head.
Don Cheadle|From the very first, it has been the educated and intelligent of the Negro people that have led and elevated the mass, and the sole obstacles that nullified and retarded their efforts were slavery and race prejudice; for what is slavery but the legalized survival of the unfit and the nullification of the work of natural internal leadership?
Kele Moon, Finding Eden|Pet, so far we've been playing at this. I'm going to take you a bit further. A play spanking can be erotic but I am going to take you flying, so high you'll never have felt anything like it." He paused and strolled around the kneeling boy. Damian pulled his hands together behind his back and linked the D rings on the cuffs. "Feel how helpless you are, on your knees to me, waiting for me to decide what to do to you?
Fatema Mernissi|She will at least be decently clothed as she waits. Tomorrow I shall find her a brush and powder and whatever else a woman of her dignity requires.” Fin rolled her eyes. “Is ‘dignity’ what you call it?” Jeannot offered her his hand. Fin took it and pulled herself up from the deck. She was barefoot and her pants and shirt were stained with everything from blood to oakum to lampblack. She stretched her shirt out between her hands and considered its mottle of stains. “I’m not dignified?” she asked. When Fin looked up, Jeannot had an eyebrow cocked high and one side of his mouth was curled in amusement. “Where you are concerned, much requires redefinition.
Lisa Kleypas, Devil in Winter|If you're the one whom i looking for from many years, then the beautiful end has come !!
Chris Matakas, My Mastery: Learning to Live through Jiu Jitsu|It was gratitude; gratitude, not merelyfor having once loved her, but for loving her still well enough to forgive all the petulance and acrimony of her manner in rejecting him.
Ada Huang & Anonymous|Feelings are murky, contrived and confusing. And the worst thing about them is no matter how hard you try, you can never sort them. They tangle more and more with thinking.
Auberon Herbert|Don't let the doubt in, because when it does it ruins everything.
Arthur Potts Dawson|Revenge is barren of itself: it is the dreadful food it feeds on; its delight is murder, and its end is despair.
Jen Hatmaker|Even when the truth is in fact simple, simplicity is still relative.
Charles Krauthammer|I use the music to vent, and a lot of the stuff that I am writing about or was writing about contained a lot of anger and anxiety, stress and depression, so that's how the album came out so dark.
Sebastian Rotella|A man who serves language, however imperfectly, should always serve truth.
Janet M. Tavakoli, Archangels: Rise of the Jesuits|I find it appalling that the Church claims Mary consented at the age of thirteen to become the mother of God.”“But she did,” James said. “There is ample evidence to show she consented.”“Isn’t that the classic defense of the pedophile?” Helena asked. “In Christ’s time and even today in some countries in the Middle East and India, child marriages are customary. But that doesn’t make it right. In Europe and the U.S. we prosecute adults for preying on children. God would be arrested for impregnating a girl below the age of consent.”“People didn’t live as long then,” James said.Helena would not back down. “But human biology hasn’t changed. My point is she was too young to consent. The brain of a young teenager isn’t fully developed.”“The mysteries of the faith require us to have faith.” “Don’t hide behind that nonsense. What kind of message is the Church sending to women? Only virgin children are pure? Experienced mothers are impure and unfit to raise Christ? It’s creepy and insulting when you think about it, but you would have me suspend rational judgment and just accept something I would tear your eyes out for thinking about my underage sister?
Sheri   Fink|Always be open to inspiration. You never know where it may come from. Begin with an open mind, end with an inspired heart.
Neil Leckman|A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush, unless it is the burning bush, in that case the value of your bird just went up!!
Melina Marchetta, Quintana of Charyn|In the games of queens and kings, we leave our dreams at the door and we make do with what we have. Sometimes if we’re fortunate, we still manage to have a good life.
Amie Kaufman, These Broken Stars|Whoa, whoa! Hold up, there, kid. She lives in Forks, remember? So she gets rained on.
Cornelius Elmore Addison, Tom Thorneval: Dream Merchant Extraordinaire|Being a samurai is all about selfless service and if the lord abuses the servant, it is no longer a situation of service; it becomes the situation of a victim. It is never acceptable for a samurai to be a victim. It is never acceptable to allow a lord to abuse you or rob you of your dignity. In such a situation, it is acceptable to walk away.
Akiroq Brost|Just as we use speech and gestures to communicate, so we use touch. Words can say, ‘I love you’, but touch can also say how and how much, and, at the same time, ‘I respect you’, ‘I need you’, and ‘thank you’. For a long time, scientists somehow thought that touch served merely to emphasize a verbal message. But now it is clear even to them that touch can be the message, and that it can be more nuanced and sophisticated than either speech or gestures, and more economical to boot. What’s more, touch is a two-way street; and a person’s reaction to our touch can tell us much more than their words ever could. Finally, while words can lie, or be taken for granted, primal touch is difficult to either ignore or discount.
The Silver Elves, Living the Personal Myth: Making the Magic of Faerie Real in One's Own Life|If you do not have the courage to be yourself, what will you be?
Robertson Davies|Pessimism is a very easy way out when you’re considering what life really is, because pessimism is a short view of life. If you look at what is happening around us today and what has happened just since you were born, you can’t help but feel that life is a terrible complexity of problems and illnesses of one sort or another. But if you look back a few thousand years, you realize that we have advanced fantastically from the day when the first amoeba crawled out of the slime and made its adventure on land. If you take a long view, I do not see how you can be pessimistic about the future of man or the future of the world.
Margaret Atwood, The Heart Goes Last|I'm going to remember this, I told myself sternly. I'm going to remember how awful they made me feel today. So when I'm scared and alone and whatever else is going to happen to me starts to happen, I'm going to remember that nothing could be as bad as being stuck here. Nothing.
Neil Abramson, Unsaid|Sometimes events that lead us bereft of anything but grief just happen for no reason other than happenstance--a car turns left instead of right, a train is missed, a call comes too late--and the real test of our humanness is whether, in light of that knowledge, we are ever able to recover. When we again find our way despite the inability to manufacture a deeper meaning in our suffering, that I think is when God smiles upon us, proud of the strength of his creation.
Donavan Nelson Butler, Master Sergeant US Army|You have a nearly a 0% chance of affecting change in others attitudes, behaviors, and skullduggery. However, you have a 100% chance of affecting your own attitude, behavior, resiliency, and reaction to all things within your direct ability to shape the outcome.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|No dream, no journey planed, no goals to dream for and achieve
Jacob Grimm, The Singing, Springing Lark|I shall eat anyone who tries to steal my singing, springing lark!
Whitney Houston|I've been left alone, even by the paparazzi, because what sells is sex and scandal. Absent that, they really don't have much interest in you. I'm still married, still working, still happy.
Qasim Habib|I guess its because we all want to believe that what we do is very important, that people hang on to our very word, that they care what we think. The truth is, you should consider yourself lucky if you even occasionally get to make someone-anyone-feel a little better.
|Enjoy life while you still have it. No one knows their time of departure from the face of this earth. Therefore, be sure to always seize every moment that comes to you, and make it very memorable.
Daniel J. Levitin, The World in Six Songs: How the Musical Brain Created Human Nature|No one alive today has a single ancestor in his or her past who died in infancy. We are the champions, my friend!
Irving Babbitt|I think romance is anything honest. As long as it's honest, it's so disarming.
Pico Iyer|Serendipity was my tour guide, assisted by caprice
F. Scott Fitzgerald, Gatsby Girls|If you teach success, you will taste success!
Haruki Murakami, Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World|You're wrong. The mind is not like raindrops. It does not fall from the skies, it does not lose itself among other things. If you believe in me at all, then believe this: I promise you I will find it. Everything depends on this." "I believe you," she whispers after a moment. "Please find my mind.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Eena, The Two Sisters|I like bubbles in everything. I respect the power of silence. In cold or warm weather I favor a mug of hot cocoa. I admire cats―their autonomy, grace, and mystery. I awe at the fiery colors in a sunset. I believe in deity. I hear most often with my eyes, and I will trust a facial expression before any accompanying comment. I invent rules, words, adventures, and imaginary friends. I pretend something wonderful every day. I will never quit pretending.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide|There are no absolutes, and your way is neither the only way nor the right way.
Debasish Mridha|In this complex modern world, it is impossible to be simple.
Lenore Kandel, Collected Poems of Lenore Kandel|Not speaking and speaking are both human ways of being in the world, and there are kinds and grades of each. There is the dumb silence of slumber or apathy; the sober silence that goes with a solemn animal face; the fertile silence of awareness, pasturing the soul, whence emerge new thoughts; the alive silence of alert perception, ready to say, “This… this…”; the musical silence that accompanies absorbed activity; the silence of listening to another speak, catching the drift and helping him be clear; the noisy silence of resentment and self-recrimination, loud and subvocal speech but sullen to say it; baffled silence; the silence of peaceful accord with other persons or communion with the cosmos.
Kim Edwards, The Lake of Dreams|... the Iroquois take dreams very seriously. They see them as the secret wishes of the soul--the heart's desire, so to speak. Not all dreams, maybe, but the important ones. [p.254]
Cory Booker|A man can fail many times, but he isn't a failure until he begins to blame somebody else.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: New International Version|What, then, shall we say in response to this? If God is for us, who can be against us? (Romans 8:31 NIV)
Joss Whedon|I also felt that Ron and Hermione would have gotten divorced. I'm sorry, I just do. The end of Harry Potter did feel ultimately to me...just the fact everybody had married everybody. The books were so real and so grounded in what things are really like when you're that age, she nailed that so beautifully. And then there was this slightly fantastical ending. I know that was there for her to say, 'Really, I mean it, no more books,' but you do sort of go, people who were in a war are different from people who haven't been, and how does it affect them? But am I going to second-guess my favorite writer? I think not.
Friedrich Nietzsche|Truth is a mobile army of metaphors, metonyms, anthropomorphisms, in short a sum of human relations which have been subjected to poetic and rhetorical intensification, translation and decoration […]; truths are illusions of which we have forgotten that they are illusions, metaphors which have become worn by frequent use and have lost all sensuous vigour […]. Yet we still do not know where the drive to truth comes from, for so far we have only heard about the obligation to be truthful which society imposes in order to exist"from, "On Truth and Lying in a Non-Moral Sense".
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|We are set in our ways, bound by our perspectives and stuck in our thinking.
Kathleen Glasgow, Girl in Pieces|I know you want her back, kid. And I know that people saying things like 'there are plenty more fish in the sea' is only going to make you hurt more. And I could tell you all about the science of what your brain is going through right now. How it's processing a pain as intense as hitting a nerve in your tooth, but it can't find a source for that pain, so you kind of feel it everywhere. I could tell you that when you fall for someone, the bits of your brain that light up are the same as when you're hungry or thirsty. And I could tell you that when the person you love leaves you, you starve for them, you crave them, Heartbreak is a science, like love. So trust me when I say this: you're wounded right now, but you'll heal.
Jodi Picoult, Lone Wolf|You know, he told me once, completely exasperated, you've got one glass of water inside your head, with all the tears for a lifetime. If you waste them over nothing, then you won't be able to cry for real when you need to.
Andres Segovia|Music is God's gift to man, the only art of Heaven given to earth, the only art of earth we take to Heaven.
Gina Marinello-Sweeney, The Rose and the Sword|Yes, it is,” I whispered, “and one day the spell will not cause you to forget it.
Plato, Timaeus|We are not alone!Everything has been orchestrated.If you think that the meteor that killed of the dinosaurs was natural. Think again!What use would a world of greed be if we had to worry about getting eaten by dinosaurs every minute of the day?It wouldn't be good for the economy, now would it?Think about it!
Lauren Willig|I manage through a sense of humor. We all work hard, and work has to be a really interesting, fun place. And that has to start at the top.
Elizabeth Wurtzel, Bitch: In Praise of Difficult Women|After all, as it says on a needlepoint sampler or throw pillow or the occasional bumper sticker: Good girls go to heaven, but bad girls go everywhere. In high heels. Or mules by Manolo Blahnik, the strappy, tangly kind that give you blisters. And when their feet start to hurt, they bitch about it a lot, until someone agrees to carry them home. Bad girls understand that there is no point in being good and suffering in silence. What good has good ever done? We women still only make seventy-one cents, on average, for every man's dollar. We still have to listen to studies telling us that a single woman over the age of 35 had best avoid airplanes because she is more likely to die in a terrorist attack than get married.
Mel Odom, The Quest for the Trilogy: A Rover Novel of Three Adventures|We're all blessed and we're all blighted, Chief Inspector," said Finney. "Everyday each of us does our sums. The question is, what do we count?
Matthew Klingle, Emerald City: An Environmental History of Seattle|We need a new ethic of place, one that has room for salmon and skyscrapers, suburbs and wilderness, Mount Rainier and the Space Needle, one grounded in history.
Sandra L. Schneider|Author describes one character's optimism as, that quiet well-being which perhaps you and I have felt on a sunny afternoon when, in our brightest youth and health, life has opened a new vista for us, and long to-morrows of activity have stretched before us like a lovely plain which there was no need for hurrying to look at, because it was all our own.
Alain de Botton, The Pleasures and Sorrows of Work|Yet our world of abundance, with seas of wine and alps of bread, has hardly turned out to be the ebullient place dreamt of by our ancestors in the famine-stricken years of the Middle Ages. The brightest minds spend their working lives simplifying or accelerating functions of unreasonable banality. Engineers write theses on the velocities of scanning machines and consultants devote their careers to implementing minor economies in the movements of shelf-stackers and forklift operators. The alcohol-inspired fights that break out in market towns on Saturday evenings are predictable symptoms of fury at our incarceration. They are a reminder of the price we pay for our daily submission at the altars of prudence and order - and of the rage that silently accumulates beneath a uniquely law-abiding and compliant surface.
Bill Bryson, A Walk in the Woods|I know a man who drives 600 yards to work. I know a woman who gets in her car to go a quarter of a mile to a college gymnasium to walk on a treadmill, then complains passionately about the difficulty of finding a parking space. When I asked her once why she didn't walk to the gym and do five minutes less on the treadmill, she looked at me as if I were being willfully provocative. 'Because I have a program for the treadmill,' she explained. 'It records my distance and speed, and I can adjust it for degree of difficulty.' It hadn't occurred to me how thoughtlessly deficient nature is in this regard.
Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra, Don Quixote|But it is obvious that absurdism hereby admits that human life is the only necessary good since it is precisely life that makes this encounter possible and since, without life, the absurdist wager would have no basis. To say that life is absurd, the conscience must be alive.
Taylor Swift|Daily Reminders1) Never compare myself to other people. It is comparing my behind the scenes to their highlight reel.2) Stay here, now. I will not think to far forward or back.3) It's okay to not be fine.4) Taylor need's me so I'm going to take care of myself.
Orrin Woodward|I believe that liberty is the only genuinely valuable thing that men have invented, at least in the field of government, in a thousand years. I believe that it is better to be free than to be not free, even when the former is dangerous and the latter safe. I believe that the finest qualities of man can flourish only in free air—that progress made under the shadow of the policeman’s club is false progress, and of no permanent value. I believe that any man who takes the liberty of another into his keeping is bound to become a tyrant, and that any man who yields up his liberty, in however slight the measure, is bound to become a slave. . . .In any dispute between a citizen and the government, it is my instinct to side with the citizen . . . I am against all efforts to make men virtuous by law.
Stalina Goodwin, Dear Beautiful: 31 Days of Affirmations for Women|Somewhere someone else’s break-through is hinging on you simply knowing that you matter. So please, remind yourself of this truth every single day.
Aleksandra Ninkovic, Write like no one is reading|At the age of eight, John Quincy Adams was made the man of his house while his father, John Adams, was off doing important John Adams things for America. This would be a lot of terrifying responsibility at any time in American history, but it just so happens that, when Adams was eight years old, the *Revolutionary freaking War* was happening right outside his house. He watched the Battle of Bunker Hill from his front porch, according to his diary, worried that he might be 'butchered in cold blood, or taken and carried ... as hostages by any foraging or marauding detachment of British soldiers.' I don't have the diary I kept at age eight, but I think the only things I worried about was whether or not they'd have corndogs in school the next day and if I had the wherewithal and clarity of purpose to collect all of the Pokemon. John Q, on the other hand, guarded his house, mother, and siblings during wartime.This isn't to imply that eight-year-old John Quincy Adams could have beaten eight-year-old you in a fight, but to imply that eight-year-old John Quincy Adams could beat you *as an adult*.
Charles Robert Maturin, Melmoth the Wanderer|To be proud of virtue, is to poison yourself with the Antidote.
Peter Zumthor|In our culture we have such respect for musical instruments, they are like part of God.
Robert A. Heinlein, Stranger in a Strange Land|Anybody can look at a pretty girl and see a pretty girl. An artist can look at a pretty girl and see the old woman she will become. A better artist can look at an old woman and see the pretty girl that she used to be. But a great artist--a master--and that is what Auguste Rodin was--can look at an old woman, portray her exactly as she is . . . and force the viewer to see the pretty girl she used to be . . . and more than that, he can make anyone with the sensitivity of an armadillo, or even you, see that this lovely young girl is still alive, not old and ugly at all, but simply prisoned inside her ruined body.
Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason|I have always strenuously supported the right of every man to his own opinion, however different that opinion might be to mine. He who denies to another this right, makes a slave of himself to his present opinion, because he precludes himself the right of changing it.
Jerome K. Jerome|I have found that when you are deeply troubled, there are things you get from the silent devoted companionship of a dog that you can get from no other source.
Scarlett Dawn, King Cave|He's not feeling well," Clary said, catching at Simon's wrist. "We're going.""No," Simon said. "No, I — I need to talk to him. To the Inquisitor."Robert reached into his jacket and drew out a crucifix. Clary stared in shock as he held it up between himself and Simon. "I speak to the Night’s Children Council representative, or to the head of the New York clan," he said. "Not to any vampire who comes to knock at my door—"Simon reached out and plucked the cross out of Robert's hand. "Wrong religion," he said.
Neil  Hayes, When the Game Stands Tall, Special Movie Edition: The Story of the De La Salle Spartans and Football's Longest Winning Streak|Baseball is a public trust. Players turn over, owners turn over and certain commissioners turn over. But baseball goes on. 
Mark W Boyer|If you have something standing between you and your goals, don't wait for it to move... go around it.
Alfred de Vigny, Stello|I have a private theory, Sir, that there are no heroes and no monsters in this world. Only children should be allowed to use these words
Jimi Hendrix|The story of life is quicker than the wink of an eye, the story of love is hello and goodbye...until we meet again
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|No misery compares to staring at a clear night's sky with arms stretched toward a coveted star, wishing on what is forever out of reach.
Kate Alcott, The Dressmaker|You have to humor them you know." Lucile sighed lightly as the door closed. "Men can be boring, but they are necessary. One needs to learn to work around them. Don't you think so?
Sally Lloyd-Jones, The Jesus Storybook Bible: Every Story Whispers His Name|And one day, God would send another baby, a baby promised to a girl who didn't even have a husband. But this baby would bring laughter to the whole world. This baby would be everyone's dream come true.
Mahatma Gandhi|There are people in the world so hungry, that God cannot appear to them except in the form of bread.
Melissa Cutler, Tempted into Danger|Hot damn, Diego Santero looked fine soaking wet. Everything about him radiated potent masculinity, from the slick, dark hair that drew emphasis to the angles of his cheeks and jaw, to the water beading off his forearms and the soaked black shirt and cargo pants that clung to every curve of muscle and flesh below.
Gena Showalter, The One You Want|We shoot our heroes and enjoy peripeteia as a spectacle akin to sport and perhaps harshly disavowing the past protects us from the disappointment of our outsized hopes--who knows, really, but shifts in taste don't fully account for the phenomenon. At any rate, nearly everything urgent and alive becomes doo-wop down the road, at least in this country's pop culture, and along the way a somewhat self-hating irony lays waste not only to the work but to the desires it once carried. It's like we die into adulthood.
Robert Bolt, A Man for All Seasons|What if I turned out to be a great kisser, and suddenly, girls everywhere wanted to kiss me? Did I really want to risk losing my free time to watch people so I could kiss every girl in town?
Bret Easton Ellis, American Psycho|I don't do 'black music,' I don't do 'white music'...I make fight music, for high school kids.
Steve Hockensmith, Dawn of the Dreadfuls|What humans want most of all, is to be right. Even if we're being right about our own doom. If we believe there are monsters around the next corner ready to tear us apart, we would literally prefer to be right about the monsters, than to be shown to be wrong in the eyes of others and made to look foolish.
Carl Bernstein, Bob Woodward|Bernstein was impressed by Sloan's thoughtfulness. Sloan seemed convinced that the President, whom he very much wanted to see re-elected, had known nothing of what happened before June 17; but he was as sure that Nixon had been ill-served by his surrogates before the bugging and had been put in increasing jeopardy by them ever since. Sloan believed that the prosecutors were honest men, determined to learn the truth, but there were obstacles they had been unable to overcome. He couldn't tell whether the FBI had been merely sloppy or under pressure to follow procedures that would impede an effective investigation. He believed the press was doing its job, but, in the absence of candor from the committee, it had reached unfair conclusions about some people. Sloan himself was a prime example. He was not bitter, just disillusioned. All he wanted now was to clean up his legal obligations - testimony in the trial and in the civil suit - and leave Washington forever. He was looking for a job in industry, a management position, but it was difficult. His name had been in the papers often. He would not work for the White House again even if asked to come back. He wished he were in Bernstein's place, wished he could write. Maybe then he could express what had been going through his mind. Not the cold, hard facts of Watergate necessarily - that wasn't really what was important. But what it was like for young men and women to come to Washington because they believed in something and then to be inside and see how things worked and watch their own ideals disintegrate.
John Cho|It is mind-boggling to me that there are so few movies about female friendship, considering women make up half the movie-going population.
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|He was the kind of man I wanted: wild, hot, horny, and losing control. And it all pointed back to me, about how much I felt in control of him, with the power of my body.
Akhil Sharma|Madison Square Garden, November 1984. I don't recall taking too much fear into the ring. I knew I could fight. But I got a big shock. They put me in with this rough, tough veteran called Lionel Byarm. He tested me to the limit. But I fought my heart out and, in the end, I prevailed. The story of my life, in my very first fight.
Omar Khayyám, Quatrains|As far as you can avoid it, do not give grief to anyone. Never inflict your rage on another. If you hope for eternal rest, feel the pain yourself; but don’t hurt others.
Louis Farrakhan|It was great. I mean, it's a blast directing underwater stuff.
Charlotte Eriksson|I get so god damn lonely and sad and filled with regrets some days. It overwhelms me as I’m sitting on the bus; watching the golden leaves from a window; a sudden burst of realisation in the middle of the night. I can’t help it and I can’t stop it. I’m alone as I’ve always been and sometimes it hurts…. but I’m learning to breathe deep through it and keep walking. I’m learning to make things nice for myself. To comfort my own heart when I wake up sad. To find small bits of friendship in a crowd full of strangers. To find a small moment of joy in a blue sky, in a trip somewhere not so far away, a long walk an early morning in December, or a handwritten letter to an old friend simply saying ”I thought of you. I hope you’re well.”No one will come and save you. No one will come riding on a white horse and take all your worries away. You have to save yourself, little by little, day by day. Build yourself a home. Take care of your body. Find something to work on. Something that makes you excited, something you want to learn. Get yourself some books and learn them by heart. Get to know the author, where he grew up, what books he read himself. Take yourself out for dinner. Dress up for no one but you and simply feel nice. it’s a lovely feeling, to feel pretty. You don’t need anyone to confirm it.I get so god damn lonely and sad and filled with regrets some days, but I’m learning to breathe deep through it and keep walking. I’m learning to make things nice for myself. Slowly building myself a home with things I like. Colors that calm me down, a plan to follow when things get dark, a few people I try to treat right. I don’t sometimes, but it’s my intent to do so. I’m learning.I’m learning to make things nice for myself. I’m learning to save myself.I’m trying, as I always will.
David Livingstone|God, send me anywhere, only go with me. Lay any burden on me, only sustain me. And sever any tie in my heart except the tie that binds my heart to Yours.
Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society, Benefit From Theocratic Ministry School Education|In order to benefit fully from the education provided in the Theocratic Ministry School, you, the student, must make a personal effort.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|I love the optimism on the shores of youth, where time hasn't yet eroded faith.
Scott Westerfeld, Pretties|Maybe human beings are programmed … to help one another, even to fall in love. But just because it's human nature doesn't make it bad, Tally. Besides, we had a whole city of pretties to choose from, and we chose each other.
Jodi Picoult|Outside the drizzling rain had begun again. It pattered around the house, and on the roofs and eaves, like a million, tiny, stealthy feet: softly, as though the night were teeming with a host of minute, dark beings.
Nenia Campbell, Cloak and Dagger|It seemed so good when it started.I gave my trust to you.I came to you open-hearted,Hoping it was true.Now I've gotten smart.Now I've learned some things.Now I know that what once was a start,Is just an ending.The longest good-byeI ever knew,The longest good-byeWas the dayI said hello to you.
Chrystia Freeland|I think, as athletes, we've been given a platform, and we can use it in a lot of different ways. We can use it for negative. We can use it for positive. We can be indifferent. But if you've been given a platform, I think God is pleased when you share... His truth in love.
H. Alazhar, City of Paradise|When a friend of mine boasted about living in a gated community, I thought he meant Folsom, and I wondered whether he knew Charles Manson.
Paul Pogba|My mum was very conscious about fashion, and my dad was born into the tailoring tradition, so fashion has always been my life, although now, really, I wear the same thing - just in different weights - light and heavy cashmere in winter and cotton in summer. And jeans.
Dada Bhagwan|Ambalal Muljibhai’ (Dada’s relative self) is under the control of worldly interactions, and ‘we’ (The Gnani Purush) are in the control of nischaya (realm of the Self). Worldly interaction should not be scorned at, at all.
Soman Chainani, The Last Ever After|If my goal is simply to survive the journey, then I’m not on the journey in the first place.
Lotte Roy, Lotus-eating Japan: Who is this man I hardly know?|Confounding though it seems, to acknowledge our dilemma, that we are no different from any animal coexisting on this planet, ironic really when through the ages, we have struggled with such pretense of something greater.
Malcolm Gladwell, Blink: The Power of Thinking Without Thinking|I have that hypocrisy of a parent in that I'm like,'Come on, you've got to toughen up at the same time let me take care of that for you.
Maria Bartiromo|The idea that we should write towards the unknown aspects of our experience was totally groundbreaking for me. It gave me the license I needed to try to write outside myself. This attitude has deeply informed my approach to fiction, emboldening me to write characters with voices or situations that are vastly different from my own.
Robert Winston|I started practicing yoga. I started learning some hands-on healing stuff. And I found really good chiropractors, really good massage therapists, and what I found is I've been able to actually peel off layers of trauma on my body and actually move better now than I did.
Karen Bohlin, Teaching Character Education Through Literature: Awakening the Moral Imagination in Secondary Classrooms|...there is a danger of churning out students who are rapid processors of information but may not necessarily be more reflective, thoughtful, and able to give sustained consideration to the information that matters most.
Kerrelyn Sparks, A Very Vampy Christmas|What's the matter with you?" I hissed at her as we followed Kieran and Solange inside.'She's royalty!'"And a vampire, remember?"'Oh yeah,' Chloe paused. 'Nope, princess trumps vampire.
Debasish Mridha|Don't try to hurt anyone, you will not succeed because you can hurt only yourself.
Sunday Adelaja|To know your purpose, you must identify yourself in the world and know who you are in the world
Dave Gahan|I spend a lot of time thinking about this business of letting go - letting go of the children God gives to us for such a brief time before they go off on their own; letting go of old homes, old friends, old places and old dreams.
Richard D. Wolff|Economic development is something much wider and deeper than economics, let alone econometrics. Its roots lie outside the economic sphere, in education, organisation, discipline and, beyond that, in political independence and a national consciousness of self-reliance.
Daniel Tammet|There's no training for the business, no credentials necessary to enter... It's all about entrepreneurs, innate street intelligence, and instincts. It's a business which encourages people with dreams. That's the essence of Hollywood.
Tirumalai S. Srivatsan|That is what a shadow is, and empty space, a hole in the light. Evil is this - a hole in the goodness of God.
Larry Ellison|What matters is hard work, and emotional intelligence.
Steven Spielberg|In the night of death, hope sees a star, and listening love can hear the rustle of a wing.
Janet Fitch, White Oleander|Always learn poems by heart,' she said. 'They have to become the marrow in your bones. Like fluoride in the water, they'll make your soul impervious to the world's soft decay.
James A. Michener|Public libraries have been a mainstay of my life. They represent an individual's right to acquire knowledge; they are the sinews that bind civilized societies the world over. Without libraries, I would be a pauper, intellectually and spiritually.
Jay Caspian Kang, The Dead Do Not Improve|The worst have scraped out the mantle of the best and wear it around as something real. It takes no genius to see that. But I moved to San Francisco because the masquerade of kindly gestures is, at least, kind. And it remains kind. And all the people who would sit back and comment on the garishness of the costumes, the hollowness of the dialogue, the lack of divine conviction, well, all those people are either dead or fifteen years old.
Bushra Khanum|It's hard to be content with your life, when you know the world has so much more to offer.
Thomas M. Disch, The Brave Little Toaster|But the toaster was quite satisfied with itself, thank you. Though it knew from magazines that there were toasters who could toast four slices at a time, it didn't think that the master, who lived alone and seemed to have few friends, would have wanted a toaster of such institutional proportions. With toast, it's quality that matters, not quantity.
Auliq-Ice|We know of the pain, the difficulty, the loneliness, the feeling of being abandoned. So we are more likely to reach out to those similarly struggling.
Steven Pinker, The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined|During a famine, the father and stepmother of Hansel and Gretel abandon them in a forest so that they will starve to death. The children stumble upon an edible house inhabited by a witch, who imprisons Hansel and fattens him up in preparation for eating him. Fortunately Gretel shoves the witch into a fiery oven, and “the godless witch burned to death in a horrible way.” 41 • Cinderella’s stepsisters, when trying to squeeze into her slippers, take their mother’s advice and cut off a toe or heel to make them fit. Doves notice the blood, and after Cinderella marries the prince, they peck out the stepsisters’ eyes, punishing them “for their wickedness and malice with blindness for the rest of their lives.” Snow White arouses the jealousy of her stepmother, the queen, so the queen orders a hunter to take her into the forest, kill her, and bring back her lungs and liver for the queen to eat. When the queen realizes that Snow White has escaped, she makes three more attempts on her life, two by poison, one by asphyxiation. After the prince has revived her, the queen crashes their wedding, but “iron slippers had already been heated up for her over a fire of coals.... She had to put on the red-hot iron shoes and dance in them until she dropped to the ground dead.
Edward Cline, Hugh Kenrick|If you feel pride in what you wish to achieve. The desire to achieve more never remains a desire, it becomes a self-commitment to attain greater achievements.
Linda Wells~Harr|We do not have to believe something is right- to believe a person has a right to choose it. God doesn't force us to serve him. It is a freewill choice we make, so why in the name of all that is holy and right do we think we can force other people to live by our particular brand of religion? We are commanded to Love if we are Christ servers.
Ellen Wittlinger|To grow up, a man must stand apart not only from his mother but from his fellows. Human achievement, according to this perspective, is always to be measured in difference, who is the fastest, the most handsome, the richest. The quarrel between Achilles and Agamemnon highlights this way of looking at human achievement. Not only do the two men compete for the most honor, symbolized by possessions, but they see their contest as a zero-sum game. That is, they—and all the other warriors—assume that there is a finite amount of honor available, so that if one man gets more, then someone else gets less.Achilles, with his semidivine nature and abundant physical gifts, would seem to be an example of a man fully equipped for success in this system. And yet, Achilles does not prosper in the world of the poem. As he pursues honor and status among his fellows, he becomes more and more isolated, the price of distinction in a competitive society.
Ryan Seacrest|No one has got close enough to use or abuse me, and even if they did, I wouldn't get too emotional about it. The only thing I ever get emotional about is my family. I am kind to everyone but I trust no one. That keeps me from getting hurt.
Sylvain Reynard, The Raven|In other words, Botticelli's ideal women look like women and not boys. They're soft and curvaceous. Healthy and rounded. Women of the size figured in this painting were considered beautiful for centuries, if not millennia. They were the aesthetic ideal during my lifetime and long after."He brought his mouth to her neck before whispering, "My ideal hasn't changed.
Debasish Mridha|Nothing happens easily in our lives. To get something, you have to attract it with the power of your love.
Ashley Tisdale|If you look at my movie career, I do switch it up a lot. I'm always looking for a lot of different parts. It's been a while since I've been in a situation that was romantic.
Amy King, Slaves to Do These Things|I had a theory; I’m not sure if it was my own but it worked for me. Public spaces, such as streets and subway stations, became inhabitable as I assigned them some value and imprinted an experience on them. If I recited a snatch of Paterson every time I walked along a certain avenue, eventually that avenue would sound like William Carlos Williams. The entrance to the subway at 116th Street was Emily Dickinson’s:Presentiment is that long shadow on the lawnIndicative that suns go down;The notice to the startled grassThat darkness is about to pass.
Drexel Deal, The Fight of My Life is Wrapped Up in My Father|Simple question,' Uncle Todd repeated. 'Do you deserve respect?''Yeah,' Dylan answered.'Well, you're never deserving of any more respect in life than you give. I don't see you showing the world much respect. Until you show the world respect, the world won't respect you, and neither will I.
Richard Rhodes, Visions of Technology: A Century of Vital Debate About Machines Systems and the Human World|The landed classes neglected technical education, taking refuge in classical studies; as late as 1930, for example, long after Ernest Rutherford at Cambridge had discovered the atomic nucleus and begun transmuting elements, the physics laboratory at Oxford had not been wired for electricity. Intellectual neglect technical education to this day.[Describing C.P. Snow's observations on the neglect of technical education.]
Daniel H. Pink, Drive: The Surprising Truth About What Motivates Us|I love the unabashed over-buttered, over-creamed, deep-fried, gooey, over-sugared excessiveness of Amish food,
Gong Li|The moment you cheat for the sake of beauty, you know you're an artist.
Anthony Liccione|Habitualization devours objects, clothes, furniture, one's wife, and the fear of war. If all the complex lives of many people go on unconsciously, then such lives are as if they had never been. Art exists to help us recover the sensation of life; it exists to make us feel things, to make the stone stony. The end of art is to give a sensation of the object seen, not as recognized. The technique of art is to make things 'unfamiliar,' to make forms obscure, so as to increase the difficulty and the duration of perception. The act of perception in art is an end in itself and must be prolonged. In art, it is our experience of the process of construction that counts, not the finished product.
Shannon L. Alder|The victory is not to change the mind of the critic; it is to evaluate what you can learn and discard, yet still walk away with peace in your heart.
Kevin McCarthy|Simon Bolivar, when history led him - and as Karl Marx said, men can make history, but only as far as history allows us to do so - when history took Bolivar and made him the leader of the independence process in Venezuela, he made that process revolutionary.
W.B. Yeats|THOUGH you are in your shining days,Voices among the crowdAnd new friends busy with your praise,Be not unkind or proud,But think about old friends the most:Time's bitter flood will rise,Your beauty perish and be lostFor all eyes but these eyes.
Thisuri Wanniarachchi|War crimes, you say?No matter how many policies you put on paper, in reality, there are no rights and wrongs in war. War itself is a crime. War cannot be justified. I believe, the only people, in this world, whose opinions matter, are the ones who go the extra mile to help other people expecting nothing in return. Soldiers who fight fiercely for their country, the doctors in Sri Lanka's public hospitals attending to hundreds of patients at a time for no extra pay , the nuns who voluntarily teach English and math to children of refugee camps in the north, the monks who collect food to feed entire villages during crises, they are the people worth listening to, their opinion matters. So find me one of them who will say: they wish the war didn't end in 2009, that they wish Sri Lanka was divided into two parts. Find me one of them who agrees with the international war crime allegations against Sri Lanka, and I will listen. But I will not listen to the opinions of those who are paid to find faults in a war they were never a part of, a war they never experienced themselves. I will not listen to the opinions of those who watched the war on tv or read about it on the internet or were moved by a documentary on Al Jazeera. The war is over. The damage is done. Let Sri Lanka move on. So our children will never have to see what we've seen.
Andrew Murray, Waiting On God|The giver is more than the gift; God is more than the blessing. And our being kept waiting on Him is the only way for our learning to find our life and joy in Himself. Oh, if God’s children only knew what a glorious God they have, and what a privilege it is to be linked in fellowship with Him, then they would rejoice in Him! Even when He keeps them waiting, they will learn to understand better than ever. ”Therefore will the LORD wait, that he may be gracious unto you.” His waiting will be the highest proof of His graciousness.
Charlotte Eriksson|I am a worried person with a stressed out soul, living a simple life with no capital.
Bram Stoker, Dracula|I could not resist the temptation of mystifying him a bit, I suppose it is some taste of the original apple that remains still in our mouths.
Albert Einstein|Science without religion is lame, religion without science is blind.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide|When life gives you lemons, use Cosmic Ordering!
Gerard Manley Hopkins, Gerard Manley Hopkins: The Complete Poems|What would the world be, once bereft Of wet and of wildness? Let them be left, O let them be left, wildness and wet; Long live the weeds and the wilderness yet.
T.S. Pettibone, Hatred Day|They were like lightning and rain, existing together but clashing at their very natures.
C.M. Stunich, Losing Me, Finding You|You have to be happy with who you are and the choices you make. If you don't like yourself, you'll never be truly happy.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When we dwell on the God’s promises; we find the faith, hope and courage to survive life.
Jane Austen, Mansfield Park|Fanny spoke her feelings. "Here's harmony!" said she; "here's repose! Here's what may leave all painting and all music behind, and what may tranquillise every care, and lift the heart to rapture! When I look out on such a night as this, I feel as if there could be neither wickedness nor sorrow in the world; and there certainly would be less of both if the sublimity of Nature were more attended to, and people were carried more out of themselves by contemplating such a scene.
Gabriel García Márquez|Horses frighten me as much as chickens do,’ he said.‘That is too bad, because lack of communication with horses has impeded human progress,’ said Abrenuncio. ‘If we ever broke down the barriers, we could produce the centaur.
Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being|He had come to find out that reality was more than a dream, much more than a dream!
Sarah Wendell, Everything I Know About Love I Learned from Romance Novels|Being in the habit of saying "Thank you," of making sure that people receive attention so they know you value them, of not presuming that people will always be there--this is a good habit, regardless...make sure to give virtual and actual high-fives to those who rock and rock hard.
Lee Gutkind|I got this second chance at life, and I live it.
David Viscott|The British were indeed very far superior to the Americans in every respect necessary to military operations, except the revivified courage and resolution, the result of sudden success after despair.
Gwendoline Riley|What they prefer to that is to find someone to have power over; someone to own and to bully, to smash and to waste. She wondered if she would ever be in love.
Sontia Levy-Mason, As Low as It Gets|Getting a spark of inspiration to write is the best feeling in the world, no matter what time it is...I get a feeling on the inside that urges me to get up from whatever I am doing, grabbing that pen and writing down whatever my heart and mind tell me too... it's beautiful." 
Doc, Finding Normal|I've got to tell you that my vocation, my true calling, is serving others. Medicine is my avocation; it's part of how I answer my calling, but it's not all of it. I minister to bodies, but I also minister to hearts and souls.
José Saramago, Seeing|In a matter of a moment the amount of sand in the upper part of the hour-glass had dwindled dramatically, the tiny grains were rushing through the opening, each grain more eager to leave then the last, time is just like people, sometimes it’s all it can do to drag itself along, but at others, it runs like a deer and leaps like a young goat, which, when you think about it, is not saying much, since the cheetah is the fastest of all the animals, and yet it has never occurred to anyone to say of another person He runs and jumps like a cheetah, perhaps because that first comparison comes from the magical late middle ages, when gentlemen went deer-hunting and no one had ever seen a cheetah running or even heard of its existence. Languages are conservative, they always carry their archives with them and hate having to be updated.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|Unfortunately for the university, none of that information could make the slightest place for itself inside the circuits of my brain. I was looking for education, but all I found was heartless indoctrination. And indoctrination is not just demeaning to the human conscience, it is lethal for the flourishing psychology of the hungry, young mind.
Pat Riley|On the monetization front, our strengthening leadership in internet user base and broadening reach of our platform have already positioned us as a must-buy platform in online video for brand advertisers to reach a nationwide audience within China.
Michael A. Contés II|If intellect could be acquired from books, nobody would have been more intellectual than a book monger.
Julian Barnes, Love, etc.|Disaster was an avalanche, gathering speed with such acceleration that you worried more about getting out of its path, not finding the pebble at its center.
Shannon Kopp, Pound for Pound: A Story of One Woman's Recovery and the Shelter Dogs Who Loved Her Back to Life|Joy sat in my throat like an egg resting on a spoon, quiet and fragile, but real.
A.A. Milne, The House at Pooh Corner|Thinking is like exercise, it requires consistency and rigor. Like barbells in a weightlifting room, the classics force us to either put them down or exert our minds. They require us to think.
Daisuke Hagiwara|When a girl smiles, she's as beautiful as a blooming flower.
Bill Courtney|Grace means that God steps into the lives of particular individuals with the purpose and effect of saving them. He needs no permission to do this, nor is He under any obligation to do so.
Ron Chernow|Almost all the ideas we have about being a man or being a woman are so burdened with pain, anxiety, fear and self-doubt. For many of us, the confusion around this question is excruciating.
C.J. Roberts, Captive in the Dark|People often believed they were safer in the light, thinking monsters only came out at night. But safety – like light – is a façade.
Wendell Berry, Bringing it to the Table: On Farming and Food|Why do farmers farm, given their economic adversities on top of the many frustrations and difficulties normal to farming? And always the answer is: "Love. They must do it for love." Farmers farm for the love of farming. They love to watch and nurture the growth of plants. They love to live in the presence of animals. They love to work outdoors. They love the weather, maybe even when it is making them miserable. They love to live where they work and to work where they live. If the scale of their farming is small enough, they like to work in the company of their children and with the help of their children. They love the measure of independence that farm life can still provide. I have an idea that a lot of farmers have gone to a lot of trouble merely to be self-employed to live at least a part of their lives without a boss.
Max Stirner|There were a few teachers who just did not like me because of my face. Once, I was told to stand in the corner until I cheered up. The attitude was, 'Oh, for God's sake, what's the matter with him?' But it's just a natural expression.
Kazuo Ishiguro, Never Let Me Go|That's most interesting. But I was no more a mind-reader then than today. Iwas weeping for an altogether different reason. When I watched you dancing that day, I saw something else. I saw a new world coming rapidly. Morescientific, efficient, yes. More cures for the old sicknesses. Very good. But aharsh, cruel world. And I saw a little girl, her eyes tightly closed, holding to her breast the old kind world, one that she knew in her heart could notremain, and she was holding it and pleading, never to let her go. That is what I saw. It wasn't really you, what you were doing, I know that. But I saw you and it broke my heart. And I've never forgotten.
Suzanne Enoch, The Rake|(Brin) 'How good is your lawyer, on a scale of Atticus Finch to Franklin and Bash?
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|You can always borrow ideas; but unless you improve them very significantly, never behave as if they are your own!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If you observe nature daily, it brings harmony with you and God.
Cisneros Sandra|Little thorn in my soul, pebble in my shoe, jewel of my life, the passionate doll who has torn my heart in two, tell me, cruel beauty that I adore, why you torment me. I have the misfortune of being both poor and without your affection. When the hope of your caresses flowered in my soul, happiness blossomed in my tomorrows. But now that you have yanked my golden dreams from me, I shiver from this chalice of pain like a tender white flower tossed in rain. Return my life to me, and end this absurd pain. If not, Rogelio Velasco will have loved in vain.
W. C. Doane|"Good enough never is" has become the motto of this company.
Arthur C. Clarke, 2001: A Space Odyssey|Why do you think, A.J.," they say in unison, "that you find these boys so attractive?" I didn't say that this fiery chemical explosion leaps from somewhere inside me. Parents don't want to hear these things. I shrugged and said nothing. "Maybe you should try sitting on the intensity," Mom suggests, "just until your feelings catch up with reality.""We could chain you to the water heater," Dad offers, "until these little moments pass."You see what I'm up against.
Carrie Fisher|Since when do grown men and women  who presume to hold high government office and exercise what they think of as "moral leadership " require ethics officers to tell them whether it is or isn't permissible to grab the secretary's behind or redirect public funds to their own personal advantage?
Jennifer Lopez|Faith must trample under foot all reason, sense, and understanding.
Jason Mraz|It's sad, something coming to an end. It cracks you open, in a way - cracks you open to feeling. When you try to avoid the pain, it creates greater pain.
A. R. Rahman|During prom season, I travel around the country with a 20-by-24 camera - which is logistically complicated - and photograph proms. My husband made a film of it.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Raven Boys|In her small voice, Persephone said, "I have nothing to add." After a moment of consideration, she added, however, "If you are going to punch someone, don't put your thumb inside your fist. It would be a shame to break it.
Chris Carter, The Crucifix Killer|Hunter let go of JJ who started dusting his jacket with both hands. ‘Look at what you’ve done to my suit man, these things don’t come cheap you know.’ Garcia checked his pocket change. ‘Here.’ He extended his hand towards JJ. ‘A dollar ninety-five. Go buy another one.
Jasper Siegel Seneschal, Citations: A Brief Anthology|Perhaps the most powerful and appealing aspect of another's words, however, is simply their convenience. Whether distilled in the briefest apophthegm, or spread out across some voluminous tome, the thought is ready-made, the heavy lifting done. It's there to be used like a weapon or tool, and as time wanders on, seemingly leaving us fewer and fewer new things to say, it becomes ever more useful. As technology moves forward, as well, it also becomes much easier. Indeed, in this "information age" where so much is available to so many so quickly that enlightenment nearly verges on light pollution, it can sometimes appear that expression has been reduced to nothing more than a mad race to unearth and claim references. As such, the citation is also there to be donned, like some article of fashion from which we may reap the praise of discriminating taste without ever exerting ourself in the actual toil of manufacture.
Stephenie Meyer, Midnight Sun|The sweetest part of being a couple is sharing your life with someone else.But my life, evidently, had not been good enough to share.
Clark L. Erickson|And he knew something else as a social evolutionist that he might stress someday in his 'Every Change Is for the Worse' should he ever find time to write it: Gold knew that the most advanced and penultimate stage of a civilization was attained when chaos masqueraded as order, and he knew we were already there.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man|All of a sudden I became aware of a little star in one of those patches and I began looking at it intently. That was because the little star gave me an idea: I made up my mind to kill myself that night. I had made up my mind to kill myself already two months before and, poor as I am, I bought myself an excellent revolver and loaded it the same day. But two months had elapsed and it was still lying in the drawer. I was so utterly indifferent to everything that I was anxious to wait for the moment when I would not be so indifferent and then kill myself. Why -- I don't know.
Karen Tei Yamashita, Tropic of Orange|Then you are a poet?' she asked, fingering the flyer in her pocket.'No not at all,' he waved his hand. 'I am merely a character in a poem.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|Perhaps there isn’t anything Alec is afraid of.”Magnus glanced at Alec and raised his eyebrows. “Boo,” he said.Jace was grinning. “Come on, surely you’ve got a phobia or two. What scares you?”Alec thought for a moment. “Spiders,” he said.Clary turned to Luke. “Have you got a spider anywhere?”Luke looked exasperated. “Why would I have a spider? Do I look like someone who would collect them?”“No offense,” Jace said, “But you kind of do.”“You know”---Alec’s tone was sour---”Maybe this was a stupid experiment.”“What about the dark?” Clary suggested. “We could lock you in the basement.”“I’m a demon hunter,” Alec said, with exaggerated patience. “Clearly, I am not afraid of the dark.
|Peace of mind always comes with knowing who you truly are, where you currently stand, where you positively need to be, and strongly believing in its possibility.
James Arthur|When I'm writing fiction, I read nonfiction or biographies. Now I'm watching very old movies or old foreign films. I don't immerse myself in whatever's going on in whatever area I'm working in.
Anthony Kiedis|My dad never told me that when you audition, you might not get the role. He wanted to wait until my first disappointment to tell me.
Seneca|Why shouldn’t I? I demand silently. Why shouldn’t I become a famous writer? Like Norman Mailer. Or Philip Roth. And F. Scott Fitzgerald and Hemmingway and all those other men. Why can’t I be like them? I mean, what is the point of becoming a writer if no one reads what you’ve written?Damn Viktor Greene and The New School. Why do I have to keep proving myself all of the time? Why can’t I be like L’il, with everyone praising and encouraging me? Or Rainbow, with her sense of entitlement. I bet Viktor Greene never asked Rainbow why she wanted to be a writer.Or what if-I wince-Viktor Greene is right? I’m not a writer after all.
David Nicholls, Us|Paris was all so... Parisian. I was captivated by the wonderful wrongness of it all - the unfamiliar fonts, the brand names in the supermarket, the dimensions of the bricks and paving stones. Children, really quite small children, speaking fluent French!
Charles Bukowski, On Cats|Today 5:14 p.m."Mrrrrrowl. Mrrrrrowl.""Ow! Ow, stupid cat! Ahem. You told me, 'stop calling, Isabelle,' but I'm not the one calling you. Church is calling you. Mine are merely the fingers that work the phone."See, here's something you may not have known before you committed your recent rash acts. Our cat, Church, and your cat, Chairman Meow? They're in love. I've never seen such love before. I never knew such love could exist in the heart of a... cat. Some people say that love between two dude cats is wrong, but I think it's beautiful. Love makes Church happier than I've ever seen him. Nothing makes him happy like Chairman Meow. Not tuna. Not shredding centuries-old tapestries. Nothing. Please don't keep these cats apart. Please don't take the joy of love away from Church."Look, this is really just a warning for your own good. If you keep Church and Chairman Meow apart, Church will start to get angry."You wouldn't like Church when he's angry."Beep
Vonnie Davis, Bearing It All|He was so damn hard, he could chip the ice from his truck's windshield with his rigid pecker.
Claire North, The First Fifteen Lives of Harry August|The more you can escape from how horrible things really are, the less it's going to bother you...and then, the worse things get.
Marianne Williamson, A Woman's Worth|Our parents were our first gods. If parents are loving, nurturing, and kind, this becomes the child’s definition of the creator. If parents were controlling, angry, and manipulative, then this becomes their definition.
Janet Evanovich, Visions of Sugar Plums|Time to the face the music,
C.J. Roberts, Captive in the Dark|The only way to truly be safer, was to accept the dark, to walk in it with eyes wide open, to be a part of it. To keep your enemies close.
Michael Hayden|In archaeology, context is the basis of many discoveries that are imputed to the deliberate workings of intelligence. If I find a rock chipped in such a way as to give it a sharp edge, and the discovery is made in a cave, I am seduced into ascribing this to tool use by distant, fetid and furry ancestors.
Glen Cook, The Black Company|there are people all over the world who carry the mermaid inside them, that otherworldly beauty and longing and desire that made her reach for heaven when she lived in the darkness of the sea.
Stephanie Pearl-McPhee, At Knit's End: Meditations for Women Who Knit Too Much|When confronted with a birthday in a week I will remember that a book can be a really good present, too.
Kate Hudson|What I am sad about is that there is now, in America, no equivalent to the art circuit.
George Bernard Shaw|Proselytism is solemn nonsense; it makes no sense. We need to get to know each other, listen to each other and improve our knowledge of the world around us.
Chris Prentiss, The Alcoholism and Addiction Cure|Being able to say, “No,” is a necessary ingredient in a healthy lifestyle.
Bill Maher, The New New Rules: A Funny Look At How Everybody But Me Has Their Head Up Their Ass|She wanted to get at the hate of them all, to pry at it and work at it until she found a little chink, and then pull out a pebble or a stone or a brick and then a part of the wall, and, once started, the whole edifice might roar down and be done away with.
Emoke B'Racz|Do not ignore inspiration, it is your guide to self discovery.
Mike Pompeo|People just hate the idea of losing. Any loss, even a small one, is just so terrible to contemplate that they compensate by buying insurance, including totally absurd policies like air travel.
Robyn Schneider, The Beginning of Everything|How many beers do y'all think it takes before one internationally scientist turns to another and says, 'Dude, bet you twenty bucks I can levitate a frog with a magnet?' ' Sam drawled.
Stephen Colbert|I have to say when a man lives for himself, it's hard to live with him. That's pretty much the story of all my divorces. I've been making records since I was 22 and done things my way, and it's hard for me to compromise. And of course, to have a successful relationship, one has to compromise. Sometimes I'm not good at it.
Alan King|Those on the downside of rising economic inequality generally do not want government policies that look like handouts. They typically do not want the government to make the tax system more progressive, to impose punishing taxes on the rich, in order to give the money to them. Redistribution feels demeaning. It feels like being labeled a failure.
Gary Vaynerchuk|When I was about nine years old, I announced to my mother that I was going to cook Thanksgiving dinner. And I went to the library and got this whole pile of books. I'd love to say it all turned out great. It didn't. But, sort of, from that point on, whenever there was serious cooking at home, I was the one who did it.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If we spend enough time dreaming, then the dream might eventually become real.
Julie Kagawa, The Iron King|Scott Waldron.' 'What?' Robbie's lip curled in a glimace of disgust. 'The jockstrap? Why, does he need you to teach him how to read?' I scowled at him. 'Just because he's captain of the football team doesn't mean you can be a jerk. Or are you jealous?' 'Oh, of course, that's it,' Robbie said with a sneer. 'I've always wanted the IQ of a rock. No, wait. That would be an insult to the rock...
Emma Forrest, Your Voice in My Head|Time heals all wounds. And if it doesn't, you name them something other than wounds and agree to let them stay.
Robert W. Service, The Spell of the Yukon and Other Verses|Have you suffered, starved and triumphed, grovelled down, yet grasped at glory,Grown bigger in the bigness of the whole? 'Done things' just for the doing, letting babblers tell the story,Seeing through the nice veneer the naked soul? Have you seen God in His splendours, heard the text that nature renders?(You'll never hear it in the family pew.) The simple things, the true things, the silent men who do things–Then listen to the wild–it's calling you.
James Josue, Love Is Alive|Bliss ThrivesFrom within,Deep insideWhere Love dives.
Joseph Fourier|All the truths of mathematics are linked to each other, and all means of discovering them are equally admissible.
Steve Goodier|Yes, love your family, and also love your friends. For some friends are truly family. Love the people in your life. Love them without measure. And don’t worry about spoilage. Potatoes spoil, people don’t spoil.
Maurice Maeterlinck, The Treasure of the humble|In all truth might it be said that beauty is the unique aliment of our soul, for in all places does it search for beauty, and it perishes not of hunger even in the most degraded of lives. For indeed nothing of beauty can pass by and be altogether unperceived. Perhaps does it never pass by save only in our unconsciousness, but its action is no less puissant in gloom of night than by light of day; the joy it procures may be less tangible, but other difference there is none.
Tyler Edwards, Zombie Church: Breathing Life Back Into the Body of Christ|The problem that we are facing in the church today is that we have so many Christians who have made a decision to believe in Jesus but not a commitment to follow Him. We have people who are planning to, meaning to, trying to, wanting to, going to, we just don't have people who are doing it.
Arthur Schopenhauer, Parerga and Paralipomena|Every society requires mutual accommodation and mutually agreeable temper; hence the larger it is, the duller.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|If you have a goal, write it down. If you do not write it down, you do not have a goal - you have a wish.
J.L. Bond|We are different, my friend. We are visionaries. A monkey looks up and sees and banana, and that is as far as he looks. But a visionary looks up and sees the moon.
Rachel Cohn, Beta|Let us forget that we are Baptists, Methodists, Catholics, Presbyterians, or Free-thinkers, and remember only that we are men and women. After all, man and woman are the highest possible titles. All other names belittle us, and show that we have, to a certain extent, given up our individuality, and have consented to wear the collar of authority—that we are followers. Throwing away these names, let us examine these questions not as partisans, but as human beings with hopes and fears in common.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|At a certain level of learning and understanding,right or wrong ain't the issue, but different interest.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|A spiritual realm is more obedient than a temporal one. In a spiritual realm, people obey the Supreme Being through his priests; in a temporal realm people don't obey wholeheartedly as they distrust their corrupt officials.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|In art, the hand can never execute anything higher than the heart can imagine
Madison Thorne Grey, Brilliance|... I should take off this ridiculous hood so they can see my face and catch a glimpse at real perfection." (Vincent)"Then you'd just be an enormous man with a hump and a beautiful face," Breccan said.Vincent hissed. "And the fact remains... you do think I'm beautiful," he said as he started to leave.
Jess C. Scott, The Intern|Please, touch me, I pray.
Carrie Ann Ryan, An Immortal's Song|First, there will be no kidnapping. I know you're stronger and bigger and have magic and crap, but I'm drawing the line at kidnapping.
Homer, The Odyssey|What a lamentable thing it is that men should blame the gods and regard us as the source of their troubles, when it is their own wickedness that brings them sufferings worse than any which destiny allots them.
Kate Avelynn, Flawed|This is my first real memory of James. In every memory before that, he’s just a flash of color, a warm body with a blurred face, a comforting voice begging me not to die. When he planted himself between our father and me that day, an eight-year-old with small fists clenched at his sides, I think I fell in love with my brother.
T.J. Klune, Bear, Otter, and the Kid|Otter! Otter! Otter!Don’t lead cows to slaughter!I love you, and I knowI should’ve told you soon-aBut you didn’t buy the dolphin-safe tuna!
Kenny D. Eichenberg|And yes, the Hemingways, the Fitzgeralds, the Faulkners and the Capotes. Drank while writing. Drink next to the typewriter. But the longer I lived in Brooklyn, the more writers I met, and I guess I was just too drunk to put it together before but now I realized about half of them were sober. So you could be a writer and be sober. Very interesting
Thomas Hardy, Tess of the D'Urbervilles|The true seekers pursued their goal so single-mindedly, they felt no urge to tamper with the faith of others
John Milton, Paradise Lost|Henceforth an individual solace dear; Part of my Soul I seek thee, and thee claim My other half: with that thy gentle hand Seisd mine, I yielded, and from that time see How beauty is excelld by manly grace.
Michael Benzehabe|You turn me on.” He cups my face, brushing my hair away from my eyes and a tear off my cheek.”“God, you turn me on. You're driving me crazy. I want you to need my hands on you. Do you?
Margaret Thatcher|Men are rather reasoning than reasonable animals, for the most part governed by the impulse of passion.
Orson Scott Card, Xenocide|It's like in the great stories Mr. Frodo, the ones that really mattered. Full of darkness and danger they were, and sometimes you didn't want to know the end, because how could the end be happy? How could the world go back to the way it was when so much bad had happened? But in the end it's only a passing thing this shadow, even darkness must pass. A new day will come, and when the sun shines it'll shine out the clearer. Those were the stories that stayed with you, that meant something even if you were too small to understand why. But I think Mr. Frodo, I do understand, I know now. Folk in those stories had lots of chances of turning back, only they didn't. They kept going because they were holding on to something.
Candice Olson|When I had a job catering, I catered a wedding for the Smashing Pumpkins bassist in Indiana. And I served Billy Corgan shrimp off a tray.
Constance Zimmer|With 'GoldenEye,' the franchise got locked into this legal fight. They couldn't make new Bond movies for about seven years. It was my first huge production. I figured if I did at least a yeoman-like job, it would be greeted as a complete revival of the series.
Namkhai Norbu, Dzogchen: The Self-Perfected State|What is personal death?Asking this question and pausing to look inward - isn't personal death a concept? Isn't there a thought-and-picture series going on in the brain? These scenes of personal ending take place solely in the imagination, and yet they trigger great mental ad physical distress - thinking of one's cherished attachments an their sudden, irreversible termination.Similarly, if there is 'pain when I let some of the beauty of life in' - isn't this pain the result of thinking, 'I won't be here any longer to enjoy this beauty?' Or, 'No one will be around and no beauty left to be enjoyed if there is total nuclear devastation.'Apart from the horrendous tragedy of human warfare - why is there this fear of 'me' not continuing? Is it because I don't realize that all my fear and trembling is for an image? Because I really believe that this image is myself?In the midst of this vast, unfathomable, ever-changing, dying, and renewing flow of life, the human brain is ceaselessly engaged in trying to fix for itself a state of permanency and certainty. Having the capacity to think and form pictures of ourselves, to remember them and become deeply attached to them, we take this world of pictures and ideas for real. We thoroughly believe in the reality of the picture story of our personal life. We are totally identified with it and want it to go on forever. The idea of "forever" is itself an invention of the human brain. Forever is a dream.Questioning beyond all thoughts, images, memories, and beliefs, questioning profoundly into the utter darkness of not-knowing, the realization may suddenly dawn that one is nothing at all - nothing - that all one has been holding on to are pictures and dreams. Being nothing is being everything. It is wholeness. Compassion. It is the ending of separation, fear, and sorrow.Is there pain when no one is there to hold on?There is beauty where there is no "me".
Sara  Miles, Take This Bread: A Radical Conversion|What happened once I started distributing communion was the truly disturbing, dreadful realization about Christianity: You can't be a Christian by yourself.
Gayle K. Horii|The County Jail looked like a tall, forbidding elementary school. Seven stories of dirty brown brick, one hundred years old and now operating at 330 percent of capacity.
Roger Harrison|But when you’re in love, you’re not in control of what you think or say or do. And there is nothing I love more than control, and nothing I love less than not having it. So you tell me —what is a person like me supposed to do with a feeling like that?
Brandon Sanderson, Steelheart|I’m going to destroy you, little man!" Sourcefield yelled after me. "I’ll rip you apart like a piece of tissue paper in a hurricane!""Wow," I said, reaching an intersection and taking cover by an old mailbox."What?" Tia asked."That was a really good metaphor.
J.T. Patten|A brief whiff of her mother had come through a cracked window that opened to a weed-infested courtyard. It was a fragrance that almost spoke to her, saying, 'Yes, it was an unjust end to the life of a good man.' A man who had accepted gratitude in the place of love, and who knew Magdalena's heart would always remain with Ales's father.
Mackenzie Herbert, Chasing Trains|She was of course only too good for him; but as nobody minds having what is too good for them, he was very steadily earnest in the pursuit of the blessing, and it was not possible that encouragement from her should be long wanting.
Julian Barnes|Adán fell asleep to these stories and slept like the dead until the sun struck him in the eyes and the whole long, wonderful summer day started again with the smell of fresh tortillas, manchaca, chorizo, and fat, sweet oranges.
Twyla Tharp|People like me who grew up in a working-class town, who don't have a college education, you don't usually hear from us.
Sara Farizan, If You Could Be Mine|No. I don´t think it does go away. I know it won´t for me. I will keep busy. I will distract myself. I will eventually have days when I don´t have to remind myself to breathe. I know Nasrin will exist, maybe even be happy, and I will be okay. I ´ll bury my love, but it will never really go away.
Vincent H. O'Neil, Death Troupe|Actors are all about entrances, but writers are all about exits.
Anne McCaffrey|A.J. watches Maya in her pink party dress, and he feels a vaguely familiar, slightly intolerable bubbling inside of him. He wants to laugh out loud or punch a wall. He feels drunk or at least carbonated. Insane. At first, he thinks this is happiness, but then he determines it's love. Fucking love, he thinks. What a bother.
Malak El Halabi|It is altogether fitting and proper that we should enjoy things made for us to enjoy. What is not at all fitting or proper is that we should set our hearts on them. Temporal things must be treated as temporal things - received, given thanks for, offered back, but enjoyed. They must not be treated like eternal things.
Thomas H. Huxley|Think about goodness like you think about gravity. Whether or not you believe in gravity, it is still there. Every day you are affected by gravity regardless of how well you understand the physics of it. In this chapter I am asking whether objective morality is something like gravity operating in accordance with the laws of the universe. Are there some things that are always right and some things that are always wrong? Put another way, has there ever been a time in history where it would have been acceptable for Hitler to kill over five million Jews? Or is mass murder always wrong no matter when or where you are? If mass murder is always wrong, then it turns out that objective moral values and duties do exist.
April   White, Changing Nature|Live your life as if everyone will discover what you do and who you are. If no one holds your secrets, there’s nothing to compel you to male choices that are not your own.
Michelle Cuevas, Confessions of an Imaginary Friend|It's like a nesting doll of imagination! It's like a painting of a painting! It's like the wind catching a chill from the wind, or a wave taking a dip in the ocean. It's like reading a novel that merely describes another novel. It's like music tapping its foot to a tune and saying 'Oh! I love this song!
David Beckham|Sunday, for me, is all about being home with the family with no plans.
John Steinbeck, East of Eden|It is argued that because they believed thoroughly in a just, moral God they could put there faith there and let the smaller insecurities take care of themselves. But I think that because they trusted themselves and respected themselves as individuals, because they knew beyond doubt that they were valuable and potential moral units- because of this they could give God their own courage and dignity and then receive it back. Such things have disappeared perhaps because men do not trust themselves anymore, and when that happens there is nothing left except perhaps to find some strong sure man, even though he may be wrong, and to dangle from his coat-tails.
Huston Piner, Light in Endless Darkness|Having delivered the expected daily miracle, Floote stood in his usual stance and warily watched the Templars work.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|When you make eye contact with another person, you can send thousands of silent messages without even speaking a word. No wonder eye contact can be both a direct form of communication and an elusive attribute at the same time.
Lyndon B. Johnson|Advertising reflects the mores of society, but it does not influence them.
Natalie Massenet|At Cisco, we are moving to collaboration teams, groups coming together that represent sales, engineering, finance, legal, etc. And we're training leaders to think across silos.
William Arthur Ward|Some people dream of success, while other people get up every morning and make it happen.
Darnell Lamont Walker|He disregarded everything, he gave everything to art. He tirelessly visited galleries, spent whole hours standing before the works of great masters, grasped and pursued a wondrous brush. He never finished anything without testing himself several times by these great teachers and reading wordless but eloquent advice for himself in their paintings.
Alan Jacobs, The Pleasures of Reading in an Age of Distraction|Great books are great in part because of what they ask of their readers: they are not readily encountered, easily assessed.
Terry Spear, Jaguar Pride|At dusk in the Corcovado National Park in Costa Rica, Melissa Overton barely heard the constant sound of crickets chirping all around them. Prowling through the dense, tropical rainforest as a jaguar, she listened for the human voices that would clue her in that her prey was nearby.	Waves crashed onto the sandy beaches in the distance as she made her way quietly, like a phantom predator, through the tangle of vines and broad, leafy foliage, searching for any sign of the poachers. Humans wouldn't have a clue as to what she and her kind were when they saw her - apparently nothing other than an ordinary jaguar. And she and her fellow jaguar shifters planned to keep it that way.	Her partner on this mission, JAG agent Huntley Anderson, was nearby, just as wary and observant. The JAG Special Forces Branch, also known as the Golden Claws, was only open to jaguar shifters and served to protect both their shifter kind and their jaguar cousins....
Juan Gabriel Vásquez, The Sound of Things Falling|What the eye doesn't see, the heart doesn't grieve over.
Morrissey|You don't like me, but you love me; either way, you're wrong.
Abbi Glines, Never Too Far|I will do anything. Anything, Blaire, just to be near you. I can’t think about anything else. I can’t focus on anything. So never think you’re inconveniencing me. You need me, I’m there.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You get what you work for, not what you think you deserve.
Gene Tierney|I existed in a world that never is , a prison of the mind.
Laura Ingalls Wilder, Farmer Boy|You can fill a glass full to the brim with milk, and fill another glass of the same size brim full of popcorn, and then you can put all the popcorn kernel by kernel into the milk, and the milk will not run over. You cannot do this with bread. Popcorn and milk are the only two things that will go into the same place.
Gene Wolfe, Sword & Citadel|Just as we may, through an appalled realization that we were unaware of what was going on in the mind of one we thought we knew, come to wonder how we ever know what another person is thinking or feeling, so too we may, having on some occasion wanted badly to understand and having clearly failed, come to wonder how we ever manage to understand, and how we know that we have succeeded.
Katie MacAlister, Dragon Fall|For the record," I do not desire your body. Not that you're hideous or anything, far from it. Even with those scars, your chest is really nice, and I like your legs because they aren't scrawny, and you have nice shoulders and naughty bits, but I've never been one to put physical attributes ahead of more important things."	"Such as?" He had his hands on his hips when he asked the question, which just made me want to giggle again.	"Intelligence, a sense of humor, and oh yes, not being a mythical creature." I swallowed another giggle. "Not that it wasn't a cool form, but still. I like my men without the sort of baggage that must go with being a shape-shifter."	"Is that so?" One eyebrow lifted.	"Yes."	"Then you will not like this." He pulled me against him, his mouth moving into place on mine, his breath hotter than I could have imagined. And then he kissed the very wits right out of my brain.
Rupert Murdoch|~In motivating people, YOU've got to engage their minds and their hearts. I motivate people, I hope, by example - and perhaps by excitement, by having productive ideas to make others feel involved~
Chris Chocola|Seventy years ago this November, Vladimir Lenin created the modern totalitarian state, transforming simpler forms of tyranny into history's most sophisticated apparatus of rule by terror.
Terry Pratchett, The Amazing Maurice and His Educated Rodents|A good motto in life, he'd reckoned, was: don't eat anything that glows.
Margaret Way, A Lesson in Loving|No, Karl, not now. Take it easy. It’s our happy day.”Poul-Erik’s MotherThe Informer by Steen Langstrup
Steve Harvey, Act Like a Lady, Think Like a Man: What Men Really Think About Love, Relationships, Intimacy, and Commitment|I know that you and your girls have been told for years on end that you just don’t pass up any opportunities when a man walks your way—he could be The One. But I’m here to tell you that this philosophy is just plain dumb. Women are smart—you all can tell when your friends are lying, you know when your kids are up to no good, co-workers can’t get anything past you atthe job. You’re quick to let each one of them know that you’re not stupid, that you see them coming a mile away, and you’re not going to let them play that game with you. But when it comes to your relationships with the opposite sex, all of that goes out the window; you relinquish your power and lose all control over the situation—cede it to any old man who looks at you twice. Just because he happened to look at you twice.
Dan Brown, The Da Vinci Code|Faith ― acceptance of which we imagine to be true, that which we cannot prove.
Neil Postman, Amusing Ourselves to Death: Public Discourse in the Age of Show Business|Regular crises perpetuate the past by reinvigorating cycles which started long ago. In contrast, (capital-C) Crises are the past's death knell. They function like laboratories in which the future is incubated. They have given us agriculture and the industrial revolution, technology and the labour contract, killer germs and antibiotics. Once they strike, the past ceases to be a reliable predictor of the future and a brave new world is born.
Dada Bhagwan|Just as one has no choice but to defecate, one has no choice but to get married. If your mind remains single, then there is no problem. However, one has no choice but marry if the mind is already married.
Richelle Mead, The Indigo Spell|I love snow for the same reason I love Christmas: It brings people together while time stands still. Cozy couples lazily meandered the streets and children trudged sleds and chased snowballs. No one seemed to be in a rush to experience anything other than the glory of the day, with each other, whenever and however it happened.
Lauren Beukes, Moxyland|You can map out a whole city according to the weight of memory, like pins on the homicide board tracking the killer's movements. But the connections get thicker and denser and more complicated all the time.
Marie Howe|Even If I Don’t See it Again Even if I don’t see it again.–nor ever feel it I know it is–and that if once it hailed me it ever does– and so it is myself I want to turn in that direction not as towards a place, but it was a tilting within myself, as one turns a mirror to flash the light to where it isn’t.–I was blinded like that–and swam in what shone at me only able to endure it by being no one and so specifically myself I thought I’d die from being loved like that.
S.L. Jennings, Fear of Falling|Life may not be pretty but it's always beautiful. We may only see the ugliness on the surface. The shit that only the world chooses to notice. But, if we dig deep, if we get to the heart of life, where there's no pain or fear, where we can just be who we are and love freely without judgement, it's really beautiful.
Seymour Hersh|God does not require you to follow His leadings on blind trust. Behold the evidence of an invisible intelligence pervading everything, even your own mind and body.
Bernadette Jiwa, Difference: The one-page method for reimagining your business and reinventing your marketing|As soon as we open our eyes in the morning, what we want most is to matter, to live a life and to do a work that has meaning. We have evolved to feel this way. Man's first thought was 'I AM'.
Julia L. Roberts|Deana Carter sings about it. Lady Antebellum sings about it. Eric Church. Gosh, not just country artists. Katy Perry. Everybody has a song about it because everybody's been through it. You find that person at eighteen and you lose yourself. And the tragedy is, it's the person who's completely opposed to everything you've ever wanted. You bond with that person, and that person breaks your heart. I'm that tragedy for you, and you're mine.
David W. Earle|When this low self-worth is hidden, one can understand why the person becomes hypersensitive to the opinions of others and has a great deal of difficulty accepting criticism no matter how warranted or gently said.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|...writers, like priests, should have compassion...and a sensitivity to pain...
Karen Armstrong, The Great Transformation: The Beginning of Our Religious Traditions|Unless there is some kind of spiritual revolution that can keep abreast of our technological genius, it is unlikely that we will save our planet. A purely rational education will not suffice.
Julian Quintero|The most difficult thing is letting go of something you believed you were born to do, but there is always other options.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|What is different is not necessarily dangerous, and what is similar is not always secure.
Idries Shah, Sufi Thought and Action|Envy, is Pride's greatest Fear.
Russell Gutierrez|If you treat every situation as a life and death matter, you’ll die a lot of times.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|Smartass Student : 'a man must have his own master.'Master of Stupidity: 'yea, everyone's somebody's bitch.
Peter Heller, The Dog Stars|If there is nothing else there is this: to be inundated, consumed.
André Aciman, Call Me by Your Name|They are embossed on every song that was a hit that summer, in every novel I read during and after his stay, on anything from the smell of rosemary on hot days to the frantic rattle of the cicadas in the afternoon—smells and sounds I’d grown up with and known every year of my life until then but that had suddenly turned on me and acquired an inflection forever colored by the events of that summer.
Dwayne Johnson|Cooking with your kids and engaging them in hands-on activities are two ways to begin to educate children about the healthy eating, and kick start the important task to help change how the younger generation looks at food and nutrition.
Margaret George, The Memoirs of Cleopatra|So I learned two things that night, and the next day, from him: the perfection of a moment, and the fleeting nature of it.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Soared Over Fairyland and Cut the Moon in Two|You haven't met your Way yet. It hasn't so much as kissed your hand! You haven't even at the door of the hall where your Way dances. But look here, look see, I've got them, I've caught them up just for you, a big bouquet of anywhere you want to go. Just pick a bloom, my girl, hold it to your pretty nose.
Destin Bays, True Love|I mean, I don’t want to pass judgment—I just wish my husband didn’t shoot deer.”“Oh, Mel, don’t worry. I’ve been hunting with your husband—the deer are completely safe.
Alain de Botton, Status Anxiety|There is always an inertia to be overcome in striking out a new line of conduct – not more in ourselves, it seems, than in circumscribing events, which appear as if leagued together to allow no novelties in the way of amelioration.
Melinda Gebbie|I think, honestly, the film industry is eating up comics characters at such a fast pace, and spewing them out as so much unspeakable, stench-y, crap. I mean, I think people are going to get pretty sick of the comics product of superhero, per se. Super-heroism seems to be so visceral for these times. Nobody needs a big clunky guy to throw cars about. You know, we’ve got drunks in town here that can do that. We don’t need that kind of superhero. What we need is a super-sage. We need a genuine group of wise people. We need to become wise. That’s the job of tomorrow; becoming wise, and integrated, and understanding.
Sarah Silverman|In my circle of friends, I've always been loud and funny and talkative. But as soon as I step out of that circle, I get very quiet and introspective. I don't want the spotlight on me.
Sanjo Jendayi|When you are doing all that you know to do yet all hell is breaking out around you, Hold onto your faithdon't you dare break! You're on the edge of your breakthroughNow is the time to praise your way through! God has already made a way for you.Remain prayerful & thankful!
Paul Monette, Borrowed Time: An AIDS Memoir|Tears are part of the leeway of the common areas of a hospital, since so many have to do their crying away from the patient's bed. You don't care who sees you cry in the lobby: it was port of entry for all the sorrows, and one gave up all one's previous citizenship at the border.
Thomas King|We’re currently faced with two entirely different challenges – facing down Islamism and jihadism on the one hand, and advancing human rights and democratic culture on the other.
Kate Meader, One Week to Score|In the name of forever, let's burn down our today and tomorrows.
Karen Chance, Embrace the Night|Oh no. Oh God. I couldn't possibly be so stupid.""Don't limit yourself. You can be anything you wish.
Thomas A. Edison|People who will not turn a shovel full of dirt on the project nor contribute a pound of material, will collect more money from the United States than will the People who supply all the material and do all the work. This is the terrible thing about interest ...But here is the point: If the Nation can issue a dollar bond it can issue a dollar bill. The element that makes the bond good makes the bill good also. The difference between the bond and the bill is that the bond lets the money broker collect twice the amount of the bond and an additional 20%. Whereas the currency, the honest sort provided by the Constitution pays nobody but those who contribute in some useful way. It is absurd to say our Country can issue bonds and cannot issue currency. Both are promises to pay, but one fattens the usurer and the other helps the People. If the currency issued by the People were no good, then the bonds would be no good, either. It is a terrible situation when the Government, to insure the National Wealth, must go in debt and submit to ruinous interest charges at the hands of men who control the fictitious value of gold.
Henryk Sienkiewicz, In Desert and Wilderness|...he began to fear whether in the presence of far greater events, all his acts would not fade into insignificance, just as a drop of rain disappears into the sea.
Jack Kornfield|Yes, our goal as Christians should be to do away with the things in our world that keep people from knowing the love and freedom of Christ. Equally, and maybe more so, our goal should be noticing and doing away with the things on our own lives that keep people from understanding Christ as well. After all, don't the systematic injustices usually grow from the individual ones?
Larry Wilde|Letter home from  college boy: "There are 370 boys here - I wish there were 369."
Bette Davis|I married the first man I ever kissed. When I tell this to my children, they just about throw up.
Ripley Patton|It’s very hard — weirdly hard — to clear your mind of all that crap so that you can just sit down and write and find that place where you’re just involved and enjoying the imaginary place you’ve discovered. All the other “problems” with writing are just puzzles, and they can be interesting to try to crack, even when it’s frustrating.
Nadine Artemis, Holistic Dental Care: The Complete Guide to Healthy Teeth and Gums|Through knowing death we can hold a beacon of love for every moment that has just passed, for every friend who has lost a friend, for every child who has lost a parent, for every parent who has lost a child; for any suffering anywhere.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I also able to graciously survive the PhD from the grace, which comes from prayer, bible reading, extensive story reading, fasting, fellowship, listen to music, daily dance and sacred writing.
Sophocles, Antigone|And of a Sunday swarm the folkUnder the honeysuckle vine, Quaffing, the while they talk and smoke, The sun, the melody, the wine.
Debasish Mridha|In our external world we create and attract with our beliefs, thoughts, emotions and perceptions.
Neil Gaiman, The View from the Cheap Seats: Selected Nonfiction|It's oneiric, a beautiful, formless sequence of silver nitrate shadows, and when it ends I wonder what happened, and then I begin to rebuild it in my head
A. Lynn, Itsy's Ugly|Reading haiku is as much an art as writing it. The reader needs to pause and listen to the silences, to feel the spaces between the words, and to journey into the depths of many multi-colored worlds.
Jessica Valenti, Sex Object|We say "misogynist"; I've written that "misogyny kills," but the world falls flat on your tongue - it's too academic sounding, not raw or horrifying enough to relay the truth of what it means.
Adedayo Olabamiji|Look forward, not behind. "Your best days are still out in front of you." Be focus & keep your dreams ALIVE
Ash Gray, Qorth|She is mad, and I am sane. To speak to her, even the first word, would be an acknowledgement and an acceptance of her madness, and from there I would have no choice but to follow her down the hole until both of us would be here alone in this ship among the clouds, endlessly circling the earth, our needs carefully ministered to by mechanical men, howling ourselves hoarse and counting off the ticks of the clock before the moon falls out of the sky.
Ai Weiwei|I was impressed by Hendrix. Not so much by his playing, as his attitude - he wasn't a great player, but everything else about him was brilliant.
Andrew Wilson, Patricia Highsmith, Ζωή στο σκοτάδι|As the new year began, [Patricia Highsmith] felt completely paralysed, incapable of reading or picking up the phone. 'I can feel my grip loosening on my self,' she wrote. 'It is like strength failing in the hand that holds me above an abyss.' She wished there was a more awful-sounding word for what she was feeling than simply 'depression'. She wanted to die, she said, but then realised that the best course of action would be to endure the wretchedness until it passed. Her wish was, 'Not to die, but not to exist, simply, until this is over'.
Patricia Briggs, River Marked|Riley knelt down, clasping the fur at the back of her neck. “You’re fucking bruised all down your back. Why the hell didn’t you tell me it hur
Matsuri Hino|You know that's why mermaids swim around topless all the time, right? It's because their boobs are too big and all bras are C shells.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|When you learn to have the heart of praise in the presence of your enemies, you set the table; if you can work with God in darkness enough depending on the light that He showed you in the last season, you will learn to read your enemies as a sign that it is time to eat. ( a bit deep). Whenever you sense a crisis in your life, note that your harvest is near.
Emm Roy, The First Step|I listen to the rain talk to the leaves. She tells a story of love and leaving (isn’t that always the story? Isn’t that always the punchline?) She tells it softly like someone who has recently lost something that cannot be replaced. She closes her eyes and remembers. The leaves quietly wait. They love in silence. They understand in the dark. And I too begin to understand. We are all part pouring rain, part fallen leaves. We are all part of the world, and we all have a story.
Holly Near|One day, people will be able to buy tickets to visit space.
Dorothy Koomson, My Best Friend's Girl|If things go wrong, you don't have to accept you made a bum decision.
Shannon L. Alder|The German language is so sonorous, isn't it? Beautiful language...the language of poetry. Angry, angry poetry.
David    Allen, Getting Things Done: The Art of Stress-Free Productivity|Most people feel best about their work the week before their vacation, but it's not because of the vacation itself. What do you do the last week before you leave on a big trip? You clean up, close up, clarify, and renegotiate all your agreements with yourself and others. I just suggest that you do this weekly instead of yearly.
Vivian Gornick, Fierce Attachments: A Memoir|At first I had not understood Mama. But as I grew older, maybe not wiser, certainly more realistic, I realized she did the best she could. She loved me, in her own way. Not everyone is born to be a mother. It does not come naturally to some women.
Cass Sunstein|From 1859 to 1971, the U.S. oil industry grew virtually continuously, in the process serving mightily to drive our economy and win our wars. But that growth was stopped dead in 1971 and sent into decline thereafter, as the advent of the EPA and the accompanying National Environmental Policy Act made it increasingly difficult to drill.
Lemony Snicket, The End|It is almost as if happiness is an acquired taste, like coconut cordial or ceviche, to which you can eventually become accustomed, but despair is something surprising each time you encounter it.
Pierce Brown, Golden Son|He always thinks because I'm reading, I'm not doing anything. There is no greater plague to an introvert than the extroverted.
Priya Ardis|Rough palms cradled my face while my fingers gripped the pillow on either side of his. Lips, teeth, tongue, mingled together. I ate him up and didn’t let go until I had to come up for air.
D.L. Hess, Sir: The Awakening|...a small part of me that worried that Tori wouldn’t be here when I arrived, that I pushed her too far, too fast, that somehow I read her wrong and asked her for more than she was willing to give. But she’s here. She’s magnificent. And she’s mine. That thought steals the air from my lungs. Her shoulders tense at my gasp, when she realizes she’s no longer alone. “Hello, beautiful,” my voice husky. I drop my bags by the door and swiftly cross the room. I only have a split second to take in how devastating she looks in her blue gown. I don’t know who moves first, but she’s in my arms as my lips descend on hers. With that first contact, the knot of tension that’s taken up residence between my shoulder blades releases, and I finally feel like I can breathe fully for the first time since I left for Los Angeles.
Diane Claire Benant, Just Jenna: How hard can it be to last a week without a man?|Toni Morrison said that if you can't find the book you want to read, write it. So I did! It's high time to give our heroines a different kind of happy ending.
Deyth Banger|Screams and laughter simultaneously rent the air. Women were being physically harassed by the soldiers who had just killed their husbands, fathers and brothers. After the battle, men would win but the women always lost.
J.G. Ballard, Cocaine Nights|With the sensation that he was passing through the Looking-Glass, Max stared at his father as if he had never seen him before—simultaneously impressed and unnerved at the thought that, after all these years, he still knew so little about him.
Jim George|Despite the sorrows of sin, you can count on God’s faithfulness and forgiveness.
Mark  Benjamin, A Change Of Heart|The sum is this, —As thou makest conscience of praying daily, so do thou of the acting of thy graces in meditation; and more especially in meditating on the joys of heaven, To this end, set apart one hour or half hour every day, wherein thou mayst lay aside all worldly thoughts, and with all possible seriousness and reverence, as if thou wert going to speak with God himself, or to have a sight of Christ, or of that blessed place so do thou withdraw thyself into some secret place, and set thyself wholly to the following work: if thou canst, take Isaac's time and place, who went forth into the field in the evening to meditate; but if thou be a servant, or poor man, that cannot have that leisure, take the fittest time and place that thou canst, though it be when thou are private about thy labours.Were there left one spark of wit or reason, they would never sell their rest for toil, or sell their glory for worldly vanities, nor venture heaven for the pleasure of a sin (627).
Violet Weingarten|Is life too short to be taking this shit, or is life too short to be minding it?
Homer|I'd die for your sins, but I'd probably enjoy them first
E.E. Cummings|I thank you God for this most amazing day, for the leaping greenly spirits of trees, and for the blue dream of sky and for everything which is natural, which is infinite, which is yes.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|Intuitions are like migratory birds, they come without a map without a reason.
Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief|Christmas in the Underworld was NOT my idea. If I'd known what was coming, I would've called in sick. I could've avoided an army of demons, a fight with a Titan, and a trick that almost got my friends and me cast into eternal darkness. But no, I had to take my stupid English exam.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|I once heard someone say that the concept of moderation seems a little extreme, and tonight...I agree.
Sergio Aragones|The waltz is a very important part of my life. It's a very important way for me to express my positiveness, bringing humor to the world.
Laurie Garrett, Betrayal of Trust: The Collapse of Global Public Health|In all, 86 per cent of the increased life expectancy was due to decreases in infectious diseases. And the bulk of the decline in infectious disease deaths occurred prior to the age of antibiotics. Less than 4 per cent of the total improvement in life expectancy since 1700s can be credited to twentieth-century advances in medical care.
Siim Land, Becoming a Self-Empowered Being: The Journey Towards Achieving Body-Mind-Mastery and Living According to One's Calling.|Feel body as luxury-- as a bird feels when shooting through the air, and as a child does always -- is health
Mary Roach, Gulp: Adventures on the Alimentary Canal|It's called the FATLOSE trail. FATLOSE stands for 'Fecal Administration To LOSE weight,' an example of PLEASE— Pretty Lame Excuse for an Acronym, Scientists and Experimenters.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Eena, The Companionship of the Dragon's Soul|Persistence is the twin sister of excellence. One is a matter of quality; the other, a matter of time.
Harriet Lerner, The Dance of Fear: Rising Above Anxiety, Fear, and Shame to Be Your Best and Bravest Self|Some people are like satellite. They can be in the middle of nowhere and still will strike messages like lightning using Whatsapp, Facebook, SMS and Skype to tell others what to do. Dont let people be the "Dick Taters" in your life and stop you from changing your lifestyle. Take control of your life as your happiness is in your hands.
Sun Yat-sen|The government should help and guide the weak and small racial groups within its national boundaries toward self-determination and self-government. It should offer resistance to foreign aggression, and simultaneously, it should revise foreign treaties in order to restore our equality and independence among the nations.
Jenni Schaefer, Goodbye Ed, Hello Me: Recover from Your Eating Disorder and Fall in Love with Life|Sometimes I felt lonely because I pushed people away for so long that I honestly didn’t have many close connections left. I was physically isolated and disconnected from the world. Sometimes I felt lonely in a crowded room. This kind of loneliness pierced my soul and ached to the core. I not only felt disconnected from the world, but I also felt like no one ever loved me. Intellectually, I knew that people did, but I still felt that way.
Dennis Prager|Another example was relentlessly expressed during Hillary Clinton’s campaign for the presidency, and especially since her defeat: the assertion that she was the victim of misogynistic comments and that she lost because she was a woman. None of it is true. But it keeps feminists thinking of women as victims — and people who think of themselves as victims are rendered weak....Modern feminists are afraid of life. They are afraid of differences of opinion, and especially afraid of men.....Feminists are outraged and unduly stressed by much of life itself.
Franz Kafka, The Zürau Aphorisms|In a deserted stretch of the Karadj highway Munis had come face-to-face with unbridled lust, although she knew what lust was before being touched by it. The problem was that she had an unbounded awareness of things, an awareness that instilled undue caution in her, making her fearful that action would lead to ignominy, humiliation. This created in her a desire to be ordinary, average. Yet she did not truly know what it meant to be ordinary. She did not know that it meant not loving an earthworm, not genuflecting at the altar of withered leaves, not standing in prayer at the call of a lark, not climbing a mountain to see the sunrise, not staying awake all night to gaze at the Ursa Major. She did not differentiate between earth and gravel, but she distinguished the earth from the sky. She had not seen the skies of the earth, but she knew there were earths of the sky. She saw herself in an inevitable process of stagnation. She was already partially rotten within."What can I do with this mass of trivial knowledge?" she wondered aloud. "How can I cut through it?
John Paul Warren|Cream always rises to the top...so do good leaders".
Alan Shepard|It is precisely the purpose of the public opinion generated by the press to make the public incapable of judging, to insinuate into it the attitude of someone irresponsible, uninformed.
Charlie Kimball|The first thing I think about when I wake up most mornings is the fact that I'm tired. I have been tired for decades. I am tired in the morning and I am tired while becalmed in the slough of the afternoon, and I am tired in the evening, except right when I try to go to sleep.
Julie Ann Knudsen, In the Middle of Nowhere|In the meantime, I’llwish it upon a star.'- Michael Cooper
Steve Wozniak|The day I realized I could speak well, I decided I won't speak for myself anymore.
Eknath Easwaran|You occasionally hear it said that spiritual aspirants should drop everything and set off for the woods, or go to India and wander about on the slopes of the Himalayas. But only through daily contact with people--not trees or brooks or deer--can we train ourselves to be selfless in personal relationships.
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway To Inspiration: Soulfully Inspiring You to Attain Your Goals by Utilizing the Power of Inspiration|Fathom the destiny that, does not just lay before you - but, awaits you.
Patrick Stuart, False Readings|Then Viol Chrime-Forgot and Sir Duno Chrime held each other tightly and wept sweet tears and Sir Duno Chrime swore that he did not care if his squire was a little strange and that he would never abandon him again so long as he lived and Viol Chrime-Forgot said he did not care if Duno Chrime was old, or mad or thought that he was made of glass, for he would never be apart from him again no matter what adventure fell, and though neither could hear each other over the roaring of the endless falls, or see each others tears for the misty dripping of the cave each knew what the other said and meant, and so they were friends again and remained so for as long as they both lived.
Jen Lancaster|The sheer novelty and glamor of the Western diet, with its seventeen thousand new food products every year and the marketing power - thirty-two billion dollars a year - used to sell us those products, has overwhelmed the force of tradition and left us where we now find ourselves: relying on science and journalism and government and marketing to help us decide what to eat.
Virchand Gandhi|A babe in the house is a well-spring of pleasure, a messenger of peace and love, a resting place for innocence on earth, a link between angels and men.
Emma Hooper, Etta and Otto and Russell and James|I have made you some things, for when you get back. I understand now, all the baking you sent me, stale and crumbled in brown paper and rough twine. Now you’re away and I am here. So I will make and make until you get back to remind you, and myself: there are reasons to come home.
Lois Greiman, Unplugged|There are lots of fish in the sea. Some are sharks, some are angels, and some are bottom feeders.
Sarah Lynn Phillips|One's ugly face and features may not be a problem. Conversely, one's such character displays, well a problem since no one tolerates it.
Jenny Downham, Before I Die|Stop being afraid of fear, let it be scared of you
Patrick Ness, A Monster Calls|So we got hold of him and cracked him with a few good horrorshow tolchocks, but he still went on singing.
Claude Monet|Color is my daylong obsession, joy, and torment.
Raj Tak|The word felt good, liberating. So, I repeat it. "Fuck." Then, again. And again. Because it made me someone else, someone normal and happy, someone who used words like that, like St. John. I repeated it, over and over until she walked away, wounded. Then, I was glad. And still, I kept repeating it, because that was the only thing that kept me from crying.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|1492. As children we were taught to memorize this year with pride and joy as the year people began living full and imaginative lives on the continent of North America. Actually, people had been living full and imaginative lives on the continent of North America for hundreds of years before that. 1492 was simply the year sea pirates began to rob, cheat, and kill them.
Anthony Marra, The Tsar of Love and Techno|The very act of writing then, conjuring/coming to 'see', what has yet to be recorded in history is to bring into consciousness what only the body knows to be true. The body - that site which houses the intuitive, the unspoken, the viscera of our being - this is the revolutionary promise of "theory in the flesh
Noel Jesse Heikkinen, Unchained: If Jesus Has Set Us Free, Why Don't We Feel Free?|Mmm, bacon.
Shannon L. Alder|Who were these people, these specially selected tenants? They were mothers and fathers and children. A dressmaker, a secretary, an inventor, a doctor, a judge. And, oh yes, one was a bookie, one was a burglar, one was a bomber, and one was a mistake.
Brynn Kelly, Edge of Truth|Looking at that pain in her eyes, he felt a closeness with her that he had never experienced before. Like they shared something powerful and unspoken, something so deep and devastating, it bonded them together. He knew then, that if she didn't forgive him, he would never survive.He was nothing without her.
Lily Collins|I just felt being part of my peer group so strongly. I was immersed in teen culture, but not taken in by it.
Deepak Chopra, The Return of Merlin|And stop talking in that puffed-up way they taught you. Words aren't brains, you know.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|Neither sugar nor salt tastes particularly good by itself. Each is at its best when used to season other things. Love is the same way. Use it to "season" people.
Charles Dickens|Oh, miss Haversham said I,there have been sore mistakes and my life has been a blind and thankless one, and I want forgiveness and direction far too much to be bitter with you.
Frederic Arnold Kummer Jr., Ladies in Hades: A Story of Hell's Smart Set & Gentlemen in Hades: The Story of a Damned Debutante|Politicians tend only to like democracy when it is to their personal advantage(From LONE WOLF, p.50)
Tamara Morgan, If I Stay|Forget being turned on. This man, this kiss, encompassed everything she ever wanted.
Benazir Bhutto|The Soviet government sprouted and grew out of the habits, the psychology, and the condition of the Russian people. It fitted them. They understand it.
Nicole Krauss, Man Walks Into a Room|I got in a fight with my girlfriend," I said. "I was just driving around, blowing off steam, you know?"Well, you should be more careful where you drive," the officer said. "You're making people nervous. You don't fit the profile of the neighborhood."I wanted to tell him that I didn't fit the profile of the country but I knew it would just get me into trouble.
Oscar Wilde|All I want to do now is look at life. You may come and look at it with me, if you care to.
I Love the way you love me|A series problem with a reactive language is that it become a self-fulfilling prophecy, People become reinforced in the paradigm that they are determined, and they produce evidence to support the belief, They ( Reactive People) feel increasingly victimized and out of control, not in charge of their life or their destiny, They blame outside forces -- other people, circumstances, even the stars -- for their own situation
Steve Maraboli|Even though she would dream of love, respect, and unfettered romance... it was a cyclical dilemma in her life that she seemed to be most attracted to poisonous men.
André Breton|My identity might begin with the fact of my race, but it didn't, couldn't end there. At least that's what I would choose to believe.
Lyman Abbott|Every life is a march from innocence, through temptation, to virtue or vice.
Mehmet Murat ildan|There was a time when I could have slept with his friend Briffa, for instance. Around him the air was always fraught with possibilities.
Emiliano Campuzano, Cielo Por Tu Luz|I just don’t know where to go from here, Alex.”“You don’t have to, we can trace our map together.
Armistead Maupin, More Tales of the City|Men whose only concern is other people's opinion of them are like actors who put on a poor performance to win the applause of people of poor taste; some of them would be capable of good acting in front of a good audience. A decent man plays his part to the best of his ability, regardless of the taste of the gallery.
Judith Krantz|I've been on so many blind dates, I should get a free dog.
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|No empty words and gestures, but hands filled with hands, hands pointing the way, hands tracing new lines as age slowly creases its course from the corners of my eyes.
Paul C. Nagel, John Quincy Adams: A Public Life, a Private Life|John Quincy Adams' depression was treated by his aunt with some reliable remedies, first sleep and then compassion. She said, " He was half cared for by having someone to care for him.
Ashly Lorenzana, Speed Needles|In some ways, forcing me to leave was the best thing that could have happened to me. In other ways, it was a disaster. I'm still glad they did it though, because I think I might have just died if I had stayed at the coast. Although I ended up there a couple years later, when my mother relapsed on a whim, I think I needed that two years away from that horrible little coastal town where time is frozen and ideas creep forward too slow to notice any progress.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Marriage is a great blessing, but it can be a great lesson
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|With your mind alert and your eyes wide open, you will be better able to assess your space and your place for optimizing exchanges and your communication impressions.
Ron Baratono, The Writings of Ron Baratono|People are never going to act exactly like we want them to. So if we stop expecting things from others, we’ll find peace in our hearts that will last a lifetime.
Paul W.S. Bowler, Death and Duty|Haftor was the Easer to the Easers. This was the most powerful man in Creation. Peder knew trouble was coming, but knew not what it was or how to deal with it.
Melissa Kantor, If I Have a Wicked Stepmother, Where's My Prince?|Everything that was not so must go. All the beautiful literary lies and flights of fancy must be shot in mid-air! So they lined them up against a library wall one Sunday morning thirty years ago, in 2006; they lined them up, St. Nicholas and the Headless Horseman and Snow White and Rumpelstiltskin and Mother Goose--oh, what a wailing!--and shot them down, and burned the paper castles and the fairy frogs and old kings and the people who lived happily ever after (for of course it was a fact that nobody lived happily ever after!), and Once Upon A Time became No More! And they spread the ashes of the Phantom Rickshaw with the rubble of the Land of Oz; they filleted the bones of Glinda the Good and Ozma and the shattered Polychrome in a spectroscope and served Jack Pumpkinhead with meringue at the Biologists' Ball! The Beanstalk died in a bramble of red tape! Sleeping Beauty awoke at the kiss of a scientist and expired at a fatal puncture of his syringe. And they made Alice drink something from a bottle which reduced her to a size where she could no longer cry 'Curiouser and curioser,' and they gave the Looking Glass one hammer blow to smash it and every Red King and Oyster away!
Tim Gunn, Gunn's Golden Rules: Life's Little Lessons for Making It Work|You can be too rich and too thin, but you can never be too well read or too curious about the world.
Colleen Houck|I want you to learn the lesson of the lotus. This flower springs forth from muddy waters. It raises its delicate petals to the sun and perfumes the world while, at the same time, its roots cling to the elemental muck, the very essence of the mortal experience. Without that soil, the flower would wither and die.
Robert W. McChesney, Profit Over People: Neoliberalism and Global Order|In a democracy the people choose a leader in whom they trust. Then the chosen leader says, 'Now shut up and obey me.' People and party are then no longer free to interfere in his business.
Stefan Molyneux|My practice as a scientist is atheistic. That is to say, when I set up an experiment I assume that no god, angel or devil is going to interfere with its course; and this assumption has been justified by such success as I have achieved in my professional career. I should therefore be intellectually dishonest if I were not also atheistic in the affairs of the world.
Mark Batterson, All In: You Are One Decision Away From a Totally Different Life|When God stirs our spirit or breaks our heart, we cannot sit back. We've got to step up and step in. We've got to go all in by going all out. But if we have the courage to make the choice or take the risk, it will become the defining moment of our lives.
Eva Chen|Traditionally, scientists have treated the laws of physics as simply 'given,' elegant mathematical relationships that were somehow imprinted on the universe at its birth, and fixed thereafter. Inquiry into the origin and nature of the laws was not regarded as a proper part of science.
Kandi Steiner, Tag Chaser|Sometimes you have to walk out on a limb, knowing you could fall thirty feet to the hard ground, just to see if that apple on the edge is worth the risk like you think it is.”“And what if it’s not?”“Then you get up, dust yourself off, and keep walking til you find the next tree.
Harrish Sairaman|Change is inevitable; what matters is whether you spend more time in denial, acceptance or performance?
Miranda Seymour|If you meet a woman in a burqa, she can't reply to your smile. It's a denial of identity.
Margot Lee Shetterly|We need leadership in this country, which will improve the lives of working families, the children, the elderly, the sick and the poor. We need leadership which brings our people together and makes us stronger.
Daniel Keyes, Flowers for Algernon|And as Sean climbs into bed and closes his eyes, Mother comes, riding astride a lion the size of a house, blowing a clarion from a horn made out of a hollowed-out elephant's tusk. Her eyes have a faint crimson glow from the lasers that are mounted behind her irises, ready to fire at will.'I touched a prince's chest today and made his heart stop,' she says. 'I'll do it again if I have to: they'll see what happens if anyone gets in my way. Good night, my son. Remember that I will always keep you safe; that I am always everywhere and always here.''Good night, Mom,' Sean says, and falls asleep.And Mother recedes, wise and beautiful and strong, a genius and a hero, a punisher of thieves and a slayer of wicked men, to watch over her son in all her different versions.
Juan Felipe Herrera|I came to poetry through the urgent need to denounce injustice, exploitation, humiliation. I know that's not enough to change the world. But to remain silent would have been a kind of intolerable complicity.
P.D. Ouspensky|When one realises one is asleep, at that moment one is already half-awake.
A.R. Braun, Horrorbook: twenty-two tales of terror|I essentially killed those men. Am I slated for hell?"He stepped to me. Put his fingers underneath my chin. Raised it until our gazes locked. "You're a god, Dutch. And the reaper. You don't get slated. You are the slate.
Jackie Braun, Revenge Best Served Hot|For my little dog, Pip, who joined our family during the writing ofthis story. Thanks for rescuing me.
Sham Hinduja|Georgie,' he said. Then he kissed her. That was it, really. That was when she added Neal to the list of things she wanted and needed and was bound to have someday. That's when she decided that Neal was the person who was going to drive on those overnight trips. And Neal was the one who is going to sit next to her at the Emmys. He kissed her like he was drawing a perfectly straight line. He kissed her in India ink. That's when Georgie decided, during that cocksure kiss, that Neal was what she needed to be happy.
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|When we look at something, we are often not aware of who is perceiving, and unaware of the mental-emotional filter created by past experiences, hopes and expectations.
Dominic Riccitello|You didn’t understand the poem, but that was because it wasn’t for you. It was for me to understand the pain you put me through.
Erik Larson|Don’t conclude so fast, you may never know what is behind the fact you know!
Kathleen Parker|I don't think we really think about where we get our equality from. There is a sense of feminism and women become passe, in my opinion.
Michael Moore|A government run by billionaires for billionaires is an affront to freedom, morality, and humanity.
Lukhman Pambra|What more crime can a woman commit by suffocating her sensuous body behind the tight dress. Stay Nude, Breathe Life!
Michael Johns|The writer may very well serve a movement of history as its mouthpiece, but he cannot of course create it.
Isabel Allende, Maya's Notebook|As my Popo used to say, life is a tapestry we weave day by day with threads of different colors, some heavy and dark, others thin and bright, all the threads having their uses. The stupid things I did are already in the tapestry, indelible, but I’m not going to be weighed down by them till I die. What’s done is done; I have to look ahead.
Khang Kijarro Nguyen|If nostalgia holds you hostage,the ransom is the present.
Sonja Livingston, Queen of the Fall: A Memoir of Girls and Goddesses|Those are the facts but not the truth, which does not even speak the same language.
Julie Gregory, Sickened: The Memoir of a Munchausen by Proxy Childhood|I learned in therapy the word "No" is a complete sentence.
Julie Klassen, The Silent Governess|Come to think of it, she did not speak a word. Yet I could have sworn she had the most beautiful voice.
Neale Donald Walsch|To travel a circle is to journey over the same ground time and time again. To travel a circle wisely is to journey over the same ground for the first time. In this way, the ordinary becomes extraordinary, and the circle, a path to where you wish to be. And when you notice at last that the path has circled back into itself, you realize that where you wish to be is where you have already been ... and always were.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|It is Satan’s purpose to steal the seed of truth from your heart by sending distracting thoughts . . . The difference between a Christian and a non-Christian is: though they both may have good and evil thoughts, Christ gives His followers strength to select the right rather than the wrong.
Twyla Tharp, The Creative Habit: Learn It and Use It for Life|Shirley: "Christopher, would you like to tell Olivia what "F.I.N.E" means?"Christopher: "Fucked-up, Insecure, Neurotic, and Emotional"...Olivia: "But what if you really do feel fine?"Shirley: "Christopher, care to answer that?"Christopher: "Um, there's no such feeling as fine.
Gordon B. Hinckley|Now, brethren, do not expect perfection in your choice of a mate. Do not be so particular that you overlook her most important qualities of having a strong testimony, living the principles of the gospel, loving home, wanting to be a mother in Zion, and supporting you in your priesthood responsibilities.Of course, she should be attractive to you....And one good yardstick as to whether a person might be the right one for you is this: in her presence, do you think your noblest thoughts, do you aspire to your finest deeds, do you wish you were better than you are?
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Before your mother's conception of you, God knew you; before His ‪consecration of you, He had up set your assignments right! You are not an accident!‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬
John Taliaferro, All the Great Prizes : The Life of John Hay, from Lincoln to Roosevelt|We know not which most to wonder at, the faithfulness of God or the unbelief of His people. He keeps His promise a thousand times, and yet the next trial makes us doubt Him. He never faileth; He is never a dry well; He is never as a setting sun, a passing meteor, or a melting vapour; and yet we are as continually vexed with anxieties, molested with suspicions, and disturbed with fears, as if our God were the mirage of the desert.
Kat Rosenfield|No person is completely wicked, just as no person is perfect. We are all grey
Plato|Wise men talk because they have something to say; Fools, because they have to say something.
Seyyed Hossein Nasr, Islam in the Modern World: Challenged by the West, Threatened by Fundamentalism, Keeping Faith with Tradition|The anti-religious modernism which now threatens Islam and Muslims everywhere can be fully understood only by understanding the religion of the civilization in whose bosom modernism first developed, against which it rebelled, and whose tenets it has been challenging through constant battle since the birth of the modern world in the Renaissance.
Mehmet Murat ildan|It is always possible that society you live in might go backwards, towards the land of ignorance and darkness! While this tragedy and stupidity happening, you must move forward! You must walk forward, towards the light and wisdom, to the land of reason!
Vanessa Veselka, Zazen|If you are a beautiful lair, you are the most wanted person in the world.
D.H. Lawrence, Lady Chatterley's Lover|You're bloody insane, Karede," Mat said. "Unfortunately, so am I.
Amari Soul, Reflections Of A Man|You can measure the true strength of a man by how well he controls others, but you measure his true power by how well he controls himself
Suad Amiry, Golda Slept Here|People of deserts cannot know the importance of forests; to know this, one must first have sweet memories spent in the forests!
Gore Vidal|As the age of television progresses the Reagans will be the rule, not the exception. To be perfect for television is all a President has to be these days. 
Philip Delves Broughton, The Art of the Sale|No political body is sacred, sustainable or under protection, which allows the exploitation of its weakest citizens.
Amy Harmon, A Different Blue|When the ancient Romans would conquer a new place or a new people, they would leave the language and the customs in tact – they would even let the conquered people rule themselves in most cases, appointing a governor to maintain a foothold in the region.” Wilson leaned against the whiteboard as he spoke, his posture relaxed, his hands clasped loosely.“This was part of what made Rome so successful. They didn't try to make everyone Romans in the process of conquering them. When I went to Africa with the Peace Corp, a woman who worked with the Corp said something to me that I have often thought about since. She told me 'Africa is not going to adapt to you. You are going to have to adapt to Africa.' That is true of wherever you go, whether it's school or whether it's in the broader world.
Twyla Tharp, The Creative Habit: Learn It and Use It for Life|In every situation, at the beginning or end of the workday, you have a choice. You can look back or you can look forward. My advice: look forward. Always think about the next day. Don't go into the studio thinking, 'Hmmm, let's see what I was doing yesterday?' It takes more energy to twist yourself around and look back that it does to face forward.
Kakuzō Okakura, The Book of Tea|Our mind is the canvas on which the artists lay their colour; their pigments are our emotions; their chiaroscuro the light of joy, the shadow of sadness. The masterpiece is of ourselves, as we are of the masterpiece.
Truth Devour, Wantin|Unspoken words between you and I,Present in the eyes of knowing,Lost in the realm of unforeseen beauty,I am yours.
Alexandre Dumas|She knew them by their thick woven cloaks, their hanging hair and beards, and their Anglisc voices: words drumming like apples spilt over wooden boards, round, rich, stirring. Like her father’s words, and her mother’s, and her sister’s. Utterly unlike Onnen’s otter-swift British or the dark liquid gleam of Irish. Hild spoke each to each. Apples to apples, otter to otter, gleam to gleam, though only when her mother wasn’t there.
Carolyn J. Rasmus, Simplify: A Guide To Caring For The Soul|He says, 'Anything could be happening down there, but up here you just wouldn't know it.'I know what he means. It could be pandemonium in all those little houses, everyone's dreams in a mess. But up here feels peaceful. Clean.
Walter de la Mare, Great Tales of Terror and the Supernatural|Poor sleepers should endeavor to compose themselves. Tampering with empty space, stirring up echoes in pitch-black pits of darkness is scarcely sedative.("Out Of The Deep")
Trix Wilkins, The Courtship of Jo March: a variation of Louisa May Alcott's Little Women|There are no words that can be said to justify the beauty of a bride walking down the aisle in anticipation of sharing the rest of her life with the man she esteems and loves the most, nor of the look on that man’s face, when he beholds the one who will be entrusting her life to him to protect and her heart for him to love. All that can be said is that all who witnessed it found themselves overwhelmed with the joy that comes with seeing that one moment when all feels and is as it should be.
Confucius|If you make a mistake and do not correct it, this is called a mistake.
Andy Quan, The Lost Library: Gay Fiction Rediscovered|Stories, like conjuring tricks, are invented because history is inadequate for our dreams.
A.E. Samaan|Trade protection accumulates upon a single point the good which it effects, while the evil inflicted is infused throughout the mass. The one strikes the eye at a first glance, while the other becomes perceptible only to close investigation.
Action Bronson|Grown men can learn from very little children for the hearts of little children are pure. Therefore, the Great Spirit may show to them many things which older people miss.
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|While the truth is putting on its shoes, the lie becomes a president!
Dillon Burroughs, Faith Acts: A Provocative Call to Live What You Believe|God does give times of peace in our Christian lives, but it is not all of the time.
Catherynne M. Valente, In the Night Garden|It’s one thing if a person learns you’re a witch. It’s quite another if he learns you’re a murderer. I almost forget I’m a witch now that I know I’m a murderer—murderess, actually. Murderess sounds so much worse.
Adam Johnson, The Orphan Master's Son|Love could be immortalized. It could be remembered and written forever into the world, inscribed on some inanimate object. It could be wonderful words given by a loved one, or simple letters combined to show an unbroken bond." Alexis from "The Shoreline
Anne Giardini, The Sad Truth About Happiness|It doesn't sound so far-fetched, right? When two people love each other? While a part of me still wants to believe it's possible, I know it's not going to happen
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|If only you want the best, do it till you get the best though all see is the worst! Don't ever give up on the rest, and rest; time changes!
Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince|He listened to their opinions, stated his own, and supported them with reasons; and from his being constantly occupied with such meditations, it resulted, that when in command no complication could ever present itself with which he was not prepared to deal.
Peter O'Donnell|On the whole I try to keep Modesty and Willie in timeless settings, which is why I avoid all the latest slang and in-words. It won't be long before 'brill' sounds as dated as 'super' does now. [Uncle Happy, 1990]
Peter S. Beagle, The Last Unicorn|Unicorns are immortal. It is their nature to live alone in one place: usually a forest where there is a pool clear enough for them to see themselves-for they are a little vain, knowing themselves to be the most beautiful creatures in all the world, and magic besides. They mate very rarely, and no place is more enchanted than one where a unicorn has been born. The last time she had seen another unicorn the young virgins who still came seeking her now and then had called to her in a different tongue; but then, she had no idea of months and years and centuries, or even of seasons. It was always spring in her forest, because she lived there, and she wandered all day among the great beech trees, keeping watch over the animals that lived in the ground and under bushes, in nests and caves, earths and treetops. Generation after generation, wolves and rabbits alike, they hunted and loved and had children and died, and as the unicorn did none of these things, she never grew tired of watching them.
Tim Hiller, Strive: Life is Short, Pursue What Matters|Without pain, how would we know what true joy feels like?
M.F. Moonzajer|What a face this girl possessed!—could I not gaze at it every day I would need to recreate it through painting, sculpture, or fatherhood until a second such face is born.
Debasish Mridha|The best Morning Prayer for endless peace would be, “Today I will forgive everyone for their mistakes. Today I will love everyone without judging them. Today I will be kind to everyone even if they do not deserve it. Today I will be a fountain of peace to create waves of joy around me.
Billy Marshall Stoneking|He said that I have to remember that even though I've changed a lot in here, I'm going back to a world that hasn't changed
Angela Carter|Why come back to this empty house, and this Manila with a strange face; the one I never knew? All those lonely islands. They will keep afloat without me.
David Attenborough|There's no question that as science, knowledge and technology advance, that we will attempt to do more significant things. And there's no question that we will always have to temper those things with ethics.
Tracy Sumner|Watching him, his hands buried in his pockets—to keep from circling her neck she supposed—she couldn't help but marvel at the curious mix of Southern courtesy and male arrogance, the natural assumption he shouldered of being lawfully in control. "Engaging in a moral battle isn't always hazardous to one's health, you know.""Doesn't look like it's doing wonders for yours.""Saints be praised, it can actually be rewarding."Looking over his shoulder, he halted in the middle of the room. "Irish.""I beg your pardon?""You. Irish. The green eyes, the tiny bit of red in your hair. Is Connor your real name?""Yes, why..." she said, stammering. Bloody hell. "Of course.""Liar."She felt the slow, hot roll of color cross her cheeks. "What could that possibly have to do with anything?""I don't know, but I have a feeling it means something. It's the first I've heard come out of that sassy mouth of yours that didn't sound like some damned speech." He tapped his head, starting to pace again. "What I wonder is, where are you in there?
Lisa Firestone, The Self Under Siege: A Therapeutic Model for Differentiation|To the extent that we retain the critical attitudes and destructive elements we have incorporated into our own personalities, we remain undifferentiated from our parents throughout our lifetime.
Toni Sorenson|When you’re rearranging the furniture to make way for the decorations and the tree, make sure you rearrange your heart to make room for the Savior of Mankind.
Brooke Shields|Admitting failure is quite cleansing, but never - pleasurable.
Wendy Vanderwal-Gritter, Generous Spaciousness: Responding to Gay Christians in the Church|One retired pastor, who felt that he was being called to write a book about homosexuality, interviewed me. He said he wanted his book to be pastorally compassionate toward gay people while exhorting the church to remain firm in holding to a traditional, biblical sexual ethic. He said, "You have to be careful to not love people too much. Loving people changes you." Indeed, loving people does change you. Loving people who are different than you changes you. But it seems to me that such change is consistent with the call of Christ. Allowing your heart to enter the beauty and brokenness of another's life (which really isn't so different from your own), to hear hopes and dreams and disappointments, fears and hurts and joys does change you. One ought not be afraid of that.
Munindra Misra, Eddies of Life|2. Humanity & Peace - 2.09 THE NUCLEAR QUESTIONAny act against the constitution,Must be declared to be but void,But atomic acts against humanity,Are the strength to be but tried.[22]	- 2The future of any of the countries,Does lie way above its people,And the future of humanity -On numerous BOMBS so ample.[23]	- 2
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Whenever you feel a little stricken down in pain, think about this. The knife has to be sharpened by striking and rubbing it against something strong before it can become useful! You are going to be great after the struggles.
Alberto Caeiro, The Collected Poems of Alberto Caeiro|She’s a manner of speaking.Even the flowers don’t come back, or the green leaves.There are new flowers, new green leaves.There are other beautiful days.Nothing comes back, nothing repeats itself, because everything is real.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Circus of the Damned|Can the sarcasm,' he said. 'Please, I always use fresh sarcasm, never canned.
Andrew Crumey, The Secret Knowledge|We are the unknown, he says, and you will join us.
Bob Beckel|There is a huge difference between gathering intelligence in foreign countries, even our allies, and secretly getting information on U.S. citizens.
Debasish Mridha|As a bird has the right to sing, so shall every human being have the right to think and express thoughts.
Thomas Jefferson, Letters of Thomas Jefferson|If once the people become inattentive to the public affairs, you and I, and Congress and Assemblies, Judges and Governors, shall all become wolves. It seems to be the law of our general nature, in spite of individual exceptions.
Rich Shapero, Too Far|-just on the verge ofbecoming a woman, and in these three years and almost five months, I'dreached maturity. I was older than the mountains outside. The wisdomof the attic was in my bones, etched on my brain, part of my flesh.
Robin Caldwell, When Women Become Business Owners|Cut the crap! I don’t care how many hours you work, I care how much work you do in those hours.
Krystal Sutherland, Our Chemical Hearts|Lola and I both highly believed in the value of metaphorical gifts, so while everyone else saw a demonic-looking cat skeleton dripping wax on the packaging, Lola saw the message: Our friendship is like this feline shaped candle - burn away all the shit, and you and me are still solid underneath. Always.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|I was raised in an era when part of respecting your elders was to call them by Mr. or Mrs. When my children were growing up, an occasional child would call me Susan. It was jarring, felt disrespectful, and I did not like it. We reached a mutual agreement and their friends began calling me Ms. Susan. Perhaps this is more prevalent in the South, however, your awareness and consideration can help prevent social missteps.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Sign of Four|No: I am not tired. I have a curious constitution. I never remember feeling tired by work, though idleness exhausts me completely." ~ Sherlock Holmes
James A. Murphy, The Waves of Life Quotes and Daily Meditations|If you’re not doing what you want to do. However, you still think about it every day. This means you have not given up. Only you know what action will make it happen and thought is an action. Keep focusing on what you want to do and figure out how to turn your thoughts into reality…
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|You were born on a certain day, in a certain place, and on a certain time. God has a plan for you.
Future|If I'm the biggest artist in the world, cool, but I want to just be me.
Michael Moorcock|There is not a more powerful weapon upon this earth capable of inflicting more damage, pain and suffering than a betrayal of the heart.
Lemony Snicket, The Reptile Room|My name is Cammie!” I didn’t think about all the people I could have woken, all the alarms that might have gone off. I just snapped, “How did you know about Boston? Why are you working with Mr. Solomon now? Are you my friend or are you my enemy, Zach? Or, wait, let me guess, you can’t tell me.
V.E. Schwab|If you want a better answer, krasivyy, ask a better question. - Koldan Vasin
Casey Stengel|Well, the future for me is already a thing of the past.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Any blunder committed in the past opens the avenue for the success of the future. However, the success of the future massively is fueled by the how positively the mistakes of the past are handled!
Ryan Lilly|Personally, I like to imagine the Godhead dancing it a rhythm of its own, something even grander than a waltz, touching, tasting, smelling, seeing, and hearing, creating wonder after wonder, and when it's finished, looking upon the handiwork and saying, "This is great!
Anonymous, The Dhammapada|Research suggests that people are typically unaware of the reasons why they are doing what they are doing, but when asked for a reason, they readily supply one.
Erwin Panofsky, Meaning in the Visual Arts|These two developments throw light on what is perhaps the most fundamental difference between the Renaissance and all previous periods of art. We have repeatedly seen that there were these circumstances which could compel the artist to make a distinction between the "technical" proportions and the "objective;" the influence of organic movement, the influence of perspective foreshortening, and the regard for the visual impression of the beholder. These three factors of variation have one thing in common: they all presuppose the artistic recognition of subjectivity. Organic movement introduces into the calculus of artistic composition the subjective will and the subjective emotions of the thing represented; foreshortening the subjective visual experience of the artist; and those "eurhythmic" adjustments which alter that which is right in favor of what seems right, the subjective visual experience of a potential beholder. And it is the Renaissance which, for the first time, not only affirms but formally legitimizes and rationalizes these three forms of subjectivity.
Temitayo Olami|What do you see when you look in the mirror? I hope it goes beyond beauty. I hope what you see is that person who's worth it and deserves nothing less than the best, I hope that you see beyond the pain, I hope that you see the glory ahead of you, I hope that you see the strong woman who doesn't break to fail, but breaks to stand the tallest and I hope that you'll always remember that you need to love the person in the mirror first to make a change
Peter Heller, The Dog Stars|There is a pain you can’t think your way out of. You can’t talk it away. If there was someone to talk to. You can walk. One foot the other foot. Breathe in breathe out. Drink from the stream. Piss. Eat the venison strips. And. You can’t metabolize the loss. It is in the cells of your face, your chest, behind the eyes, in the twists of the gut. Muscles, sinew, bone. It is all of you. When you walk you propel it forward. When you let the sled and sit on a fallen log and. You imagine him curling in the one patch of sun maybe lying over your feet. Then it sits with you, the Pain puts its arm over your shoulders. It is your closest friend. Steadfast. And at night you can’t bear to hear your own breath unaccompanied by another and underneath the big stillness like a score is the roaring of the cataract of everything being and being torn away. Then. The Pain is lying beside your side, close. Does not bother you with sound even of breathing.
Salman Rushdie|When I was a boy, I would ask about my family history, about my bloodlines. We really didn't know that much. We had a little Indian in us from the Oklahoma Trail of Tears.
Dada Bhagwan|How long does the experience of pleasure or pain stay with you? For as long as there is weakness within. Then, further ahead they will not be there. There, one remains the ‘Knower’ of experience of pleasure and pain.
Stephen Hawking|Cecile was teaching in Berkeley and I was [at Livermore]. He probably had, could have had, some influence on Teller, [for] Teller was quite generous in allowing me one whole semester off to be at Berkeley to work on something and also a semester off at the Institute for Advanced Study. Then I won the Gravity Research Foundation first prize.
Scott Lynch, The Lies of Locke Lamora|Advice," Doña Vorchenza chuckled. "Advice. The years play a sort of alchemical trick, transmuting one's mutterings to a state of respectability. Give advice at forty and you're a nag. Give it at seventy and you're a sage.
Charles Baudelaire|Poetry fettered, fetters the human race. Nations are destroyed or flourish in proportion as their poetry, painting, and music are destroyed or flourish.
Steven Magee|If your government keep making big mistakes and in return you keep supporting your government, then you are the biggest mistake for your country!
Christopher Hitchens|It is always difficult to make the transition to a modern world. I moved from the world of faith to the world of reason - from the world of excision and forced marriage to the world of secual emancipation. Having made that journey, I know that one of those worlds is simply better than the other. Not because of its flashy gadgets, but fundamentally, because of its values. The message of this book, if it must have a message, is that we in the West would be wrong to prolong the pain of that transition unnecessarily, by elevating cultures full of bigotry and hatred toward women to the stature of respectable alternative ways of life.
Sharan Newman, The Devil's Door|A piece of advice his father had given him surfaced in Edgar's mind. Sometimes, he had said, it's better just to keep quiet and think with your heart.
Aristotle|Old wood best to burn, old wine to drink, old friends to trust, and old authors to read.
John Christopher, The Sword of the Spirits|A man faced death, but when death drew back forgot it until the next time.
Alan J. Heeger|Maybe that's the whole teen oeuvre, you know covering people in disgusting bodily fluids and whatnot.
James Patterson, Nevermore|If I was an eccentric old spinster in a Merchant Ivory movie, I'd want to share my lovely cottage with Holly and that's the truth. I'd do the cooking and leave the decorating to her, and we'd be inseparable.
Martin Rees|The sad fact is that spending rises every year, no matter what people want or say they want.
Pooja Hegde|I have written a memoir here and there, and that takes its own form of selfishness and courage. However, generally speaking, I have no interest in writing about my own life or intruding in the privacy of those around me.
Peter Kreeft, Prayer: The Great Conversation: Straight Answers to Tough Questions about Prayer|Praying anywhere" can easily become "praying nowhere", just as "praying anytime" can easily become "praying at no time". Everything in general becomes nothing in particular".
Will Rogers|Too many people spend money they haven't earned, to buy things they don't want, to impress people that they don't like.
Brian Eno|To love God with all your heart, soul, mind, and strength is all-consuming and all-encompassing. It is no lukewarm endeavor.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Kavanagh|I have often felt that when an Atheist asks "Where is your God?" it means even he has an innermost desire to see 'The One' whom he has been rejecting all his life and when an unbeliever asks "Where is your God?" it means he is fed-up with the hand crafted God he has been meaninglessly serving all his life and in his heart even he wants to see the wonder working true living God in all His glory.
Cruce Stark|Be the character you want to be described as!(In a good way, of course!)
Napoleon Bonaparte|Trees bear fruits only to be eaten by others; the fields grown grains, but they are consumed by the world. Cows give milk, but she doesn't drink it herself - that is left to others. Clouds send rain only to quench the parched earth. In such giving, there is little space for selfishness.
Kakuzō Okakura, The Book of Tea|I had to make a large number of changes to clear Electromagnetic Hypersensitivity (EHS) up, it took years to figure it out. I kept on making change after change until one day I realized that EHS was no longer present.
Naveen Jain|Already from your own cells scientists can grow skin, cartilage, noses, blood vessels, bladders and windpipes. In the future, scientists will grow more complex organs, like livers and kidneys. The phrase 'organ failure' will disappear.
Barry White|Babies don't need fathers, but mothers do. Someone who is taking care of a baby needs to be taken care of.
Edmund A. Opitz, The Libertarian Theology of Freedom|Tom Paine generally took a critical stance when dealing with religion and the church, but in 1775, in an essay entitled, "Thoughts on Defensive War" he wrote as follows: "In the barbarous ages of the world, men in genernal had no liberty. the strong governed the weak a will; till the coming of Christ there was no sucht thing as political freedom in any part of the world... The Romans held the world in slavery and were themselves slaves of their emperors... Wherefore political as well as spiritual freedom is the gift of God through Christ
John Adams|Someone who has experienced trauma also has gifts to offer all of us - in their depth, their knowledge of our universal vulnerability, and their experience of the power of compassion.
Robert Morgan|Teaching writing over the years intrudes on your own writing in important ways, taking away some of the excitement of poetry.
Ann Brasco|Rather than idolizing perfection, we must choose to cherish what is real. To truly live is to love deeply, to get messy, to sometimes get hurt, and to stumble and fall. It is worth it. The alternative of living a life barren of these things in the pursuit of perfection would be tragically uninteresting.
Kelle Groom, I Wore the Ocean in the Shape of a Girl|No one has ever held me so tightly. It's a shock to matter this much. It isn't like arms are around me, it's more like a house, as if he has made a house around me. As he did around Tommy.
John Cena|I don't think we've got much of a chance to tell you the truth. But our main problem is our audience skews a little older than most shows, and I don't think our people can stay up that late. I certainly can't.
Ron Howard|Man is such an amazing animal, and the possibilities are infinite for each person.
A.E. Housman|Epitaph on an Army of Mercenaries These, in the day when heaven was falling, The hour when earth's foundations fled,Followed their mercenary callingAnd took their wages and are dead. Their shoulders held the sky suspended;They stood, and earth's foundations stay;What God abandoned, these defended,And saved the sum of things for pay.
Christopher Moore, You Suck|So I'm all, "Owned! Bee-yatch! Dog fucking owned you!" Doing a minor booty dance of ownage, perhaps, in retrospect, a bit prematurely. (I believe hip-hop to be the apprpriate language for taunting, at least until I learn French.)
Jonathan Guarino|I don't know where I am- somewhere between heaven and hell, a place of utter terror and endless confusion.
Roy Blount Jr., Where Books Fall Open: A Reader's Anthology of Wit & Passion|Summer flings always seemed amazing in movies, though that might be because the leading man did not ever call his romantic interest "dude.
Julia Cameron, The Prosperous Heart|Procrastination is not Laziness", I tell him. "It is fear. Call it by its right name, and forgive yourself.
Henry Ford|The job market of the future will consist of those jobs that robots cannot perform. Our blue-collar work is pattern recognition, making sense of what you see. Gardeners will still have jobs because every garden is different. The same goes for construction workers. The losers are white-collar workers, low-level accountants, brokers, and agents.
Kate McGahan, JACK McAFGHAN: Reflections on Life with My Master|You think the final act of love is setting them free to Rainbow Bridge? That is not the final act of love. The final act of love is releasing them from your leash of grief so they can be free in the heaven on the other side of the Bridge. Until you resolve your grief, you bind them to you in the land between Heaven and Earth while they wait, suspended between the worlds, for you to heal. When you are free of your grief, they are free of your grief.
Robert T. Kiyosaki, Rich Dad, Poor Dad|Emotions are what make us human. Make us real. The word 'emotion' stands for energy in motion. Be truthful about your emotions, and use your mind and emotions in your favor, not against yourself.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Passion, patient, perseverance and persistent are four keys to great achievements.
Kate Jacobs|I sometimes think we expect too much of Christmas Day. We try to crowd into it the long arrears of kindliness and humanity of the whole year. As for me, I like to take my Christmas a little at a time, all through the year. And thus I drift along into the holidays - let them overtake me unexpectedly - waking up some find morning and suddenly saying to myself: 'Why, this is Christmas Day!
Terry Pratchett, Monstrous Regiment|Then, aided by the booze, like a fool I tossed off one of those throwaway lines that would have been better thrown away. "Ah, Frank! I thought you were going to be down here fucking Lana.
Kurt Cobain|Religious freedom opens a door for Americans that is closed to too many others around the world. But whether we walk through that door, and what we do with our lives after we do, is up to us.
Anthony Liccione|For us to change history, we first need to change the future.
Naomi Judd|If you want to do really important things in life and big things in life, you can't do anything by yourself. And your best teams are your friends and your siblings.
Thomas Szasz|I take it that the good of mankind means the attainment, by every man, of all the happiness which he can enjoy without diminishing the happiness of his fellow men.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Raven Boys|There was nothing particularly intimate about the way they sat, but something about the scene made Gansey feel strange, like he’d heard an unpleasant statement and later forgotten everything about the words but the way they had made him feel.
Alija Izetbegović|Yasunari Kawabata, the Japanese Nobel Prize winner for literature in 1968, committed suicide in 1971. Two years earlier, in 1969, another great Japanese novelist, Yukio Mishima, ended his life in the same way. Since 1895 ,thirteen Japanese novelists and writers have committed suicide, including the author of the Rashomon, Ryunosuko Akutagawa, in 1927. That "continuous tragedy" of Japanese culture during 70 years coincides with the penetration of Western civilization and materialistic ideas into the traditional culture of Japan. Whatever it be, for the poets and the writers of tragedies, civilization will always have an inhuman face and be a threat to humanity. A year before his death, Kawabata wrote "men are separated from each other by a concrete wall that obstructs any circulation of love. Nature is smothered in the name of progress." In the novel The Snow Country, published in 1937 , Kawabata places man's loneliness and alienation in the modern world at the very focus of his reflections.
Cecil Baldwin|I'm not abnegation, I'm not dauntless, I am Divergent
Lailah Gifty Akita|When you love someone, you can just live without it. You desire to connect and communicate.
Valencia Mackie|Never give advice unless you have walked the walk, because anybody can talk the talk.
|If you want to drive your passion to the territory of greatness, you must limit your time and energy with people who don't respect or understand the importance and power of having a strong passion in something.
Marianne Faithfull|Real heroes are those who face death for a principle - say, to save the lives of others - without any promise of reward.
Robert Louis Stevenson, A Christmas Sermon|To be honest, to be kind - to earn a little and to spend a little less, to make upon the whole a family happier for his presence, to renounce when that shall be necessary and not be embittered, to keep a few friends but these without capitulation - above all, on the same grim condition, to keep friends with himself - here is a task for all that a man has of fortitude and delicacy. He has an ambitious soul who would ask more; he has a hopeful spirit who should look in such an enterprise to be successful.
James C. Crumbaugh, Logotherapy: New Help for Problem Drinkers|But in actuality, the assumption that there is no freedom leads to the exact opposite of order in human behavior. If we all really felt we were not free to make our own choices of how to face and deal with the conditions set for us by heredity and environment, we would also feel no responsibility for our behavior. And we would be right. We couldn’t be blamed for action over which we had no control, so we would make no real effort to act responsibly. We would give free rein to our passions on the grounds that whatever we did was part of the cause-and-effect sequence of events preordained by the conditions. Instead of orderly human conduct, there would be chaos. In fact, much of the irresponsible antisocial behavior that characterizes our modern society stems from the fact that many people have studied or otherwise absorbed this scientific doctrine of determinism. As a result, they have unconsciously excused their own behavior as well as that of others on the grounds that it is determined by factors beyond control.
Neal Stephenson|Until a man is twenty-five, he still thinks, every so often, that under the right circumstances he could be the baddest motherfucker in the world. If I moved to a martial-arts monastery in China and studied real hard for ten years. If my family was wiped out by Colombian drug dealers and I swore myself to revenge. If I got a fatal disease, had one year to live, and devoted it to wiping out street crime. If I just dropped out and devoted my life to being bad.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Alone a candle can only light a room, but in thousands they can even light a city.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|What would I have wanted to say if I had had the opportunity to see him one more time? I would like to think that I would have kept it simple and said, “I love you,” then just held his hand in silence, letting that thought linger in the space of the time we had left together.
Corbin Bernsen|Natural gas obviously brings with it a number of quality-of-life environmental benefits because it is a relatively clean-burning fuel. It has a CO2 footprint, but it has no particulates. It has none of the other emissions elements that are of concern to public health that other forms of power-generation fuels do have: coal, fuel oil, others.
Yossi Ghinsberg, Jungle: A Harrowing True Story of Survival|Most of us spend all our working life dreaming of doing nothing, then when we end up doing nothing, we long for something. When we have neither longing, I think that is what they call living for the moment.
Jeffrey Fry|Do only work that matters, and you will end up pleasing those who are important enough to care about it.
B. B. King|I grew up around salsa, merengue, bachata, bass music, freestyle, hip-hop, techno, house, rave.
Cokie Roberts|I think it's a lovely idea, but it will not pass the Congress. I live in a world of realities. The policy of our country is that we can drill our way to independence. I think that's a march to folly.
Denis Diderot|Give someone who has faith in you a placebo and call it a hair growing pill, anti-nausea pill or whatever, and you will be amazed at how many respond to your therapy.
J.A. Redmerski, The Edge of Never|Best friends, no matter what they do or how much they hurt you, it only hurts as much as it does because they are your best friend. And none of us are perfect. Mistakes were made for best friends to forgive; it’s what makes being a best friend official.
Minae Mizumura, The Fall of Language in the Age of English|Writers are writing in every corner of the globe.Writers are writing, moreover, in rich countries and poor countries alike.
James Alexander Thom, The Art and Craft of Writing Historical Fiction: Researching and Writing Historical Fiction|The schoolroom . . . Olivia had always adored its confines and endless horizons. The melodious purr of the teacher's voice rising up and down her lessons like a musical score. And the sight of book spines--black, blue, green--lined up side by side like London townhouses. Each leather rectangle a gift waiting to be opened and explored and savored.
Herbert Hoover|And it’s all my fault, Gale. Because of what I did in the arena. If I had just killed myself with those berries, none of this would’ve happened. Peeta could have come home and lived, and everyone else would have been safe, too.”“Safe to do what?” he says in a gentler tone. “Starve? Work like slaves? Send their kids to the reaping? You haven’t hurt people – you’ve given them an opportunity. They just have to be brave enough to take it.
Tiffany Reisz, The Night Mark|Hope is something God gives us. Hope is...Hope is a bright light on a dark night. If your hope is guiding you into this shore, then this is where you should drop your anchor.
Debasish Mridha|Music is the sweetest language for hearts, kindest prayer for souls, peaceful breeze for minds, and a magical sail for imaginations.
Emery Lee, The Highest Stakes|To those who have fought for it, freedom has a flavor that the protected will never know.
Ben Lerner|All I ask the haters--and I, too, am one--is that they strive to perfect their contempt, even consider bringing it to bear on poems, where it will be deepened, not dispelled, and where, by creating a place for possibility and present absences (like unheard melodies), it might come to resemble love.
Dan Smith, The State of the World Atlas|Knowledge is not the same as wisdom. You can know all the facts and still not be able to act wisely. But without knowledge, it is harder to be wise –– even if what wisdom tells us is that knowledge is very often provisional and that we cannot wait to have certainty about every fact before we act.
A.D.  Evans, Born Wicked|I want to move my hands, but they’re fused to his rib cage. I feel his lung span, his heartbeat, his very life force wrapped in these flimsy bars of bone. So fragile yet so solid. Like a brick wall with wet mortar. A juxtaposition of hard and soft.He inhales again. “Jayme,” he says my name with a mix of sigh and inquiry.I open my eyes and peer into his flushed face. Roses have bloomed on his ruddy cheeks and he looks as though he’s raced the wind.“Mm?” I reply. My mind is full of babble, I’m so high.“Jayme,” he’s insistent, almost pleading. “What are you?”Instantaneous is the cold alarm that douses the flames still dancing in my heart. I feel the nervousness that whispers through me like a cool breeze in the leaves.“What do you mean?” I ask, the disquiet wringing the strength from my voice.“It doesn’t hurt anymore,” he explains, inhaling deeply.I feel the line of a frown between my brows. Gingerly, I lift the hem of his shirt. And as sure as I am that the world is round and that the sky is, indeed, blue the bruises and welts on his torso have faded to nothingness, the golden tan of his skin is sun-kissed perfection. Panic has me frozen as I stare.“I don’t understand,” I whisper.He looks down at his exposed abdomen. “I think you healed me.”He says it so simply, but my mind takes his words and scatters them like ashes. I feel like I’m waking from a coma and I have amnesia and everyone speaks Chinese.I can’t speak. If I had the strength to, I wouldn’t have the words. I feel the panic flood into me and fear spiked adrenaline courses through me, I shove him. Hard. Eyes wide with shock, he stumbles back a few steps. A few steps is all I need. Fight or flight instinct taking root, I fight to flee. The space between us gives me enough room to slide out from between him and the car.He shouts my name. It’s too late. I’m running a fast as my lithe legs will carry me. My Converse pound the sidewalk and I hear the roar of his engine. It’s still too late. I grew up here and I’m ten blocks from home. No newbie could track me in my own neighborhood. In my town. Not with my determination to put as much distance as I can between me and the boy who scares the shit out of me. Not when I’ve scared the shit out of myself. I run. I run and I don’t stop.
Emory R. Frie, Wonderland|In the last photograph of her, the bullet wound looked like a cheerful summer rose arranged just above her left ear. A few petals had fallen on her kaffan, the white shroud she was wrapped in before she was laid to rest.
Brian Selznick, The Marvels|Standing on the roof at night, beside the golden shipI look across the city and I dream a wild trip.The waves are high, the wind is strong, the moon is white and full.I smell the salt upon the sea, a strong magnetic pull.I shout into the endless dark, awaiting the reply:'Away! Away' It says: 'Away! Now spread your wings and fly.
Sydney Pollack|Well, the wonderful thing about making movies, oddly enough, is that they're sort of highly motivated graduate studies in one or another field.
William Law|America is God's Crucible, the great Melting-Pot where all the races of Europe are melting and re-forming!
Carl Sagan, Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space|The significance of our lives and our fragile planet is then determined only by our own wisdom and courage. We are the custodians of life's meaning. We long for a Parent to care for us, to forgive us our errors, to save us from our childish mistakes. But knowledge is preferable to ignorance. Better by far to embrace the hard truth than a reassuring fable. If we crave some cosmic purpose, then let us find ourselves a worthy goal.
Angelica Hopes, Rhythm of a Heart, Music of a Soul|I’m thinking, handsome, it might be good to end the biker lesson now seeing as this particular one might piss me off.” “Not surprised, babe, but we had a good run.” “Pardon?” “Took you to work, brought you to my house, you cooked, we ate, we watched TV, all good. No fights. No backtalk. All day. But all good things come to an end.
Debasish Mridha|Life is a present; life is a miracle. Life is a song divine.When you touch my heart, hold my soul.Oh my pure valentine.
Emil M. Cioran|The desire to die was my one and only concern; to it I have sacrificed everything, even death.
Cody Lundin, When All Hell Breaks Loose: Stuff You Need to Survive When Disaster Strikes|Such beauty, he thought, was too perfect to have come about by mere chance. That day in the center of the Pacific was, to him, a gift crafted deliberately, compassionately, for him and Phil. Joyful and grateful in the midst of slow dying, the two men bathed in that day until sunset brought is, and their time in the doldrums, to an end.
Jane Kenyon, Otherwise: New and Selected Poems|Just as I am watching a tongue of blue flame rising in the fire, and my lamp is burning low, the horrible contraction will begin in my chest. I shall only have time to reach the bell, and pull it violently, before the sense of suffocation will come. No one will answer my bell. I know why. My two servants are lovers, and will have quarrelled. My housekeeper will have rushed out of the house in a fury, two hours before, hoping that Perry will believe she has gone to drown herself. Perry is alarmed at last, and is gone out after her. The little scullery-maid is asleep on a bench: she never answers the bell; it does not wake her. The sense of suffocation increases: my lamp goes out with a horrible stench: I make a great effort, and snatch at the bell again. I long for life, and there is no help. I thirsted for the unknown: the thirst is gone. 0 God, let me stay with the known, and be weary of it. I am content. Agony of pain and suffocation - and all the while the earth, the fields, the pebbly brook at the bottom of the rookery, the fresh scent after the rain, the light of the morning through my chamber window, the warmth of the hearth after the frosty air - will darkness close over them for ever?Darkness-darkness-no pain-nothing but darkness: but I am passing on and on through the darkness: my thought stays in the darkness, but always with a sense of moving onward ... ("The Lifted Veil")
Joanna Gaines, The Magnolia Story|If you’re not proud of what you do, you’re not done.
Dan Simmons, A Winter Haunting|What, after all, is more real to us than the geography of our childhoods?
Elif Shafak|Identity politics divides us; fiction connects. One is interested in sweeping generalizations, the other in nuances. One draws boundaries, the other recognizes no frontiers. Identity politics is made of solid bricks; fiction is flowing water.
Terri Farley, Seven Tears Into the Sea|Beckon The Sea,I'll Come To The....Shed Seven Tears, Perchance Seven Years....
Haruki Murakami|How are we to spend our lives, anyway? That is the real question. We read to seek the answer, and the search itself--the task of a lifetime--becomes the answer.
Alexandra Kleeman, Intimations: Stories|Soft hearts provide poor harbor; tin hearts can better stand against time and bad weather, thin and hollow as they are. So you pray to change from flesh to metal, and the dying Author of the world hears your plea and performs his final miracle. He lays His hand on you and then He vanishes. And what mortal man can undo that? What human on this earth has the power to change a tin man back to flesh?
Munindra Misra, Goals of Life|Artha - attainment of wealth, material prosperity,Its realization on righteous and moral basis be;- 5 -
Orlando Bloom|My father was the role model I looked up to. My dad was an entertainer, too. I patterned my life after him. He wanted me to do better than he did. He never sold a record in his life, but to me, he was still a rock star.
Thiessen, Sarah|Witchcraft is the attempt to gain special knowledge or power outside God. What do we mean by "special?" We mean power or knowledge that is not found or allowed by God in the natural order.
Debasish Mridha M.D.|Life is very simple, but to make ourselves feel intelligent, we insist on making it complex.
Francesca Lia Block, Weetzie Bat|1. Find your own style and have the courage to stick to it.2. Choose your clothes for your way of life.3. Make your wardrobe as versatile as an actress. It should be able to play many roles.4. Find your happiest colours - the ones that make you feel good.5. Care for your clothes, like the good friends they are!
W. Somerset Maugham|You can live a lifetime and, at the end of it, know more about other people than you know about yourself.
Isabelle Adjani|Work hard, use your common sense and don't be afraid to trust your instincts.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer|Judgement is the forbidden objectivization of the other person which destroys single-minded love. I am not forbidden to have my own thoughts about the other person, to realize his shortcomings, but only to the extent that it offers to me an occasion for forgiveness and unconditional love, as Jesus proves to me.
Mos Def|Then finally I said, 'Okay, well, I want to know all the details. I want creative input. I want to be consulted. I want to know what they're doing and who's involved. And I want to see the space.' So they took me to see it, and then I realized it was major! All these red flags on the Rue de Rivoli with my name on them right by the Louvre!
Laura Kaye, Dare to Resist|Type A Ellie liked to know the rules, like knowing what to expect. Flying blind made her nervous. He prepared to make her all kinds of nervous.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Woman Who Walked in Sunshine|Men, she thought, were odd about their clothes: they liked to wear the same things until they became defeated and threadbare.
Felicity Brandon, Hide & Seek|God, she was one big nerve ending, that girl, and those big brown eyes got just a little wider when she was close. And those bruises. And how she begged for them.I knew she was special the night I met her, I just didn't know how special.
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis|I have never taken sides, never leaped wholeheartedly into one scale or the other; nor do I realize disappointments, provided they are severe, until the occasion is long past. Yet I am ruled by my emotions, though I murder them at birth.
Corey Taylor, Seven Deadly Sins: Settling the Argument Between Born Bad and Damaged Good|Live your life, no matter what that life is.
Vendela Vida, Let the Northern Lights Erase Your Name|You look beautiful and tragic, just the way a heroine should on the eve of battle. Like Joan of Arc in her silver armor.
Catherine Fisher|And what would they be scared of? There's nothing to fear in a perfect world, is there?
Brené Brown, I Thought It Was Just Me: Women Reclaiming Power and Courage in a Culture of Shame|There is no disgrace in being knocked down, there is only shame in not getting back up; never quit!
Gudjon Bergmann, Empowerment Basics|Being positive all the time is such a catchy idea, and it’s easy to preach. I guess that’s why it is popular. But life reveals itself in successions of up’s and down’s and if you plan to be positive all the time you will definitely fail.
Bethany Mota|We have to design a health delivery system by actually talking to people and asking, 'What would make this service better for you?' As soon as you start asking, you get a flood of answers.
Derendrea, Valkyrie|Jason woke to a feeling of fear, borne from a dream that he couldn’t remember when waking. But as his mind focused, he found the dream right before him. The half-woman lay perfectly molded against his body, her wings draped down her back.
Joe Mari Fadrigalan|Any problem, and I emphasize "any" problem, represents our inability to consciously connect to our Source in the moment.
Marion Zimmer Bradley, The Mists of Avalon|Most humans, in varying degrees, are already dead. In one way or another they have lost their dreams, their ambitions, their desire for a better life. They have surrendered their fight for self-esteem and they have compromised their great potential. They have settled for a life of mediocrity, days of despair and nights of tears. They are no more than living deaths confined to cemeteries of their choice. Yet they need not remain in that state. They can be resurrected from their sorry condition. They can each perform the greatest miracle in the world. They can each come back from the dead...
Rachel Scott|These are the hands of Rachel Joy Scott and one day, will touch millions of people's hearts.
Rebecca Goldstein, Plato at the Googleplex: Why Philosophy Won't Go Away|It was what Aunty Ifeoma did to my cousins, I realized then, setting higher and higher jumps for them in the way she talked to them, in what she expected of them. She did it all the time believing they would scale the rod. And they did. It was different for Jaja and me. We did not scale the rod because we believed we could, we scaled it because we were terrified that we couldn't.
Patti LaBelle|Your purpose is to make your audience see what you saw, hear what you heard, feel what you felt. Relevant detail, couched in concrete, colorful language, is the best way to recreate the incident as it happened and to picture it for the audience.
Azim Premji|Information is not knowledge, and knowledge is not wisdom. Reading - even browsing - an old book can yield sustenance denied by a database search. Patience is a virtue, gluttony a sin.
Allan Dare Pearce, Hitler Burns Detroit|He was clearly not the murderer whom Hawksmoor was seeking, but it was generally the innocent who confessed: in the course of many enquiries, Hawksmoor had come across those who accused themselves of crimes which they had not committed and who demanded to be taken away before they could do more harm. He was acquainted with such people and recognised them at once - although they were noticeable, perhaps, only for a slight twitch in the eye or the awkward gait with which they moved through the world. And they inhabited small rooms to which Hawksmoor would sometimes be called: rooms with a bed and a chair but nothing besides, rooms where they shut the door and began talking out loud, rooms where they sat all evening and waited for the night, rooms where they experienced blind panic and then rage as they stared at their lives. And sometimes when he saw such people Hawksmoor thought, this is what I will become, I will be like them because I deserve to be like them, and only the smallest accident separates me from them now.
Charles Stross, Accelerando|I always thought I wasn't afraid to die. No... No one is afraid of death itself. Your pain and suffering is over in an instant. What really makes me suffer... Is seeing you crying over me... From the darkness of the Milky Way.I'm sorry... Please don't make that face. You look best when you're smiling, you know.
Linda Lappin, The Soul of Place: A Creative Writing Workbook: Ideas and Exercises for Conjuring the Genius Loci|...have always been known for their storytelling. It appears to be the supreme expression of their spirit. Perhaps they know that, without a story, there could be no nation, no culture, no civilization, no life.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|I only need to survive on tea, bread and fruits. I can keep working.
Aaron Paul|When people see your personality come out, they feel so good, like they actually know who you are.
Mark Z. Danielewski, House of Leaves|Make no mistake, those who write long books have nothing to say.Of course those who write short books have even less to say.
Ta-Nehisi Coates, Between the World and Me|Faint not, poor soul, in God still trust;Fear not the things thou suffer must;For, whom he loves he doth chastise, And then all tears wipes from their eyes.William BradfordPlymouth Colony Governor
Justine Picardie|There are times in one's life when a good book—the right book—feels like a voice speaking in the darkness,reaching out from the past;providing solace when all else seems lost.
William Shakespeare, Hamlet|- Where is Polonius?- In heaven; send hither to see: if your messenger find him not there, seek him i' the other place yourself.
Andres, Încă o dorinţă|To walk alone through life is a challenge; it sometime means adrenaline and a path full of surprises, but being with somebody means a lot more. And being with the right person means everything.
Codi Gary, Good Girls Don't Date Rock Stars|Want to stay over at my place tonight?” “But I don’t have anything to sleep in,” “Who said we’re going to be sleeping?
Tom Hiddleston|I try not to make plans. God always laughs at your plans. I’m going to keep the door open, and keep the page blank, and see what gets painted upon it.
Nick Hornby, The Polysyllabic Spree|I don't want anyone writing in to point out that I spend too much money on books, many of which I will never read. I know that already. I certainly intend to read all of them, more or less. My intentions are good. Anyway, it's my money. And I'll bet you do it too.
Iain Pears, The Dream of Scipio|[H]e initially conceived of Olivier as a man of the greatest promise destroyed by a fatal flaw, the unreasoning passion for a woman dissolving into violence, desperately weakening everything he tried to do. For how could learning and poetry be defended when it produced such dreadful results and was advanced by such imperfect creatures? At least Julien did not see the desperate fate of the ruined lover as a nineteenth-century novelist or a poet might have done, recasting the tale to create some appealing romantic hero, dashed to pieces against the unyielding society that produced him. Rather, his initial opinion -- held almost to the last -- was of Olivier as a failure, ruined by a terible weakness.
Elizabeth Warren|My mom is at my house every day, and she nags me about everything, especially hygiene.
Rebecca Solnit, Storming the Gates of Paradise: Landscapes for Politics|From the way his face lit with curiosity to the slight tilt of his jaw, even the lingering scent of brine and breeze gave him away.
Stacy London|Don't let fear or insecurity stop you from trying new things. Believe in yourself. Do what you love. And most importantly, be kind to others, even if you don't like them.
Kresley Cole, A Hunger Like No Other|Emma turned to him, bottom lip trembling. “For me?” “Always for you. All things for you. He coughed into his fist “All your own.
Camila Batmanghelidjh, Anti-Discriminatory Practice in Counselling and Psychotherapy|Religion should be a basis for overcoming division, not for creating it.
Colin Powell|The remarkable thing is, we have a choice everyday regarding the attitude we will embrace for that day.
Friedrich Nietzsche|Our friendship was based on my payouts. That wasn't a friendship when - as, for example, it's me, my friends, we are friends for many years, and it doesn't matter for me what the position is, where they work; we simply are friends. And with Mr. Berezovsky, our friendship was based on my payoffs.
Mary Kate|One thing I've learnt through writing is this: with everything in life, you have to look down deep into your heart! That fact is true with all things! If you have Jesus inside, He will give you all you need to say, and all the actions you need to do! It's not mere imagination the things I write; they are composed from the words lit up inside of me, from my Creator, who made all things bright!
Marquis de Sade, Betrayal|I barged through the palace, dripping a trail of blood behind me as I held the dead bird by the neck.
Dylan Thomas, Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Night|Do not go gentle into that good night, Old age should burn and rage at close of day; Rage, rage against the dying of the light.Though wise men at their end know dark is right, Because their words had forked no lightning they Do not go gentle into that good night.Good men, the last wave by, crying how bright Their frail deeds might have danced in a green bay, Rage, rage against the dying of the light.Wild men who caught and sang the sun in flight, And learn, too late, they grieved it on its way, Do not go gentle into that good night.Grave men, near death, who see with blinding sight Blind eyes could blaze like meteors and be gay, Rage, rage against the dying of the light.And you, my father, there on the sad height, Curse, bless me now with your fierce tears, I pray. Do not go gentle into that good night. Rage, rage against the dying of the light.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Respect everyone who crosses your path, even if you feel they don't deserve it.
Marty Rubin|All writers are exiles: some by circumstance, some by choice.
Helena Hunting|Gideon brought into my life. The acceptance and the love. The safety. Gideon had given me my freedom back, a life without terror. Giving him vows in return was too simple a repayment for that.
Glen Robinson, The Champion|Kadyn groaned. “I cannot believe this. I’m on lockdown over here, Patrick. I can’t leave.”“I know,” Patrick responded. “I’ve seen the news.” Patrick lowered his voice to a whisper. “You don’t think there’s a connection, do you?”Kadyn’s eyes locked on Phil’s as he collapsed into the chair across from Phil’s desk. “Kri has a stalker with terrorist connections, the Pentagon has been peppered with bombs, and Kri’s gone missing. Of course there’s a connection.
Amanda Ripley, The Unthinkable: Who Survives When Disaster Strikes - and Why|It's important to avoid mirrors if one is unprepared to accept their daily news, and I think, in something as insignificantly devastating as appearance, denial is more socially constructive than despondency. Not that there's anything especially wrong with me--just the usual.
Idries Shah, Caravan of Dreams|What do I sing, and what does my tambourine sing?
Jerry Falwell, Strength For The Journey: An Autobiography|The Bible is a love story. Time and time again it illustrates how much God loves the world in spite of its sinful disobedience...The last book of the Bible, the Revelation of St John the Divine, creates a beautiful and yet terrifying picture of those last days when God will reveal Himself in judgment and in grace to all creation.
Stephen King, Wizard and Glass|Now the two of them rode silently toward town, both lost in their own thoughts. Their way took them past the Delgado house. Roland looked up and saw Susan sitting in her window, a bright vision in the gray light of that fall morning. His heart leaped up and although he didn't know it then, it was how he would remember her most clearly forever after- lovely Susan, the girl in the window. So do we pass the ghosts that haunt us later in our lives; they sit undramatically by the roadside like poor beggars, and we see them only from the corners of our eyes, if we see them at all. The idea that they have been waiting there for us rarely if ever crosses our minds. Yet they do wait, and when we have passed, they gather up their bundles of memory and fall in behind, treading in our footsteps and catching up, little by little.
Shannon L. Alder|I don't understand women that call themselves a "bitch". It doesn't empower a woman. Rather, it reveals to everyone that you were deeply hurt at one time. Because of the pain your still carrying, you will continue to hurt anyone that reminds you of those moments when you let your guard down and were fooled. Sadly, it sends a clear message to the observant that you are still hurt. If only women would realize that "we all" have moments of stupidity then they would stop comparing themselves to the masses.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer|The author likens crisis, and particularly war, to stop motion photography in its capacity to make changes plain that are ordinarily too gradual to be seen.
Diet Eman, Things We Couldn't Say|I lay there for three whole days, totally paralyzed. My friends helped me to the bathroom and anywhere else I needed to move; but I have very vague impressions of those days because it was a time of complete darkness for me. Somebody told me later that what I had was a form of hysteria: my body and my mid fled into paralysis. There was nothing wrong with me organically, but somewhere inside I suffered a complete breakdown.
Arthur Miller, The Crucible|What victory would the Devil have to win a soul already bad? It is the best the Devil wants, and who is better than the minister." - Rev. John Hale
Donna Grant, Dark Craving|Who are you?" she asked."A man who will do anything for another kiss.""Just a kiss?""Nay. I want it all, but I'll take whatever you give me."The world faded away as his head bent to her. A dark lock of hair fell forward and tickled her cheek. Hal's pale blue eyes ensnared her, trapped her. Captured her.And then his lips were on hers.
Jonathan L. Howard, Johannes Cabal the Necromancer|It's a philosophical minefield!"Cabal had a brief mental image of Aristotle walking halfway across an open field before unexpectedly disappearing in a fireball. Descartes and Nietzsche looked on appalled. He pulled himself together.
Augustine of Hippo, Confessions|Your emotional capacity is an empty motor, and your values are the fuel with which your mind fills it. If you choose a mix of contradictions, it will clog your motor, corrode your transmission and wreck you on your first attempt to move with a machine which you, the driver, have corrupted.
Walt Whitman, The Complete Poems|It's September 21st, a day I love for the balance it carries with it.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Committed: A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage|My love affair with (him) had a wonderful element of romance to it, which I will always cherish. But it was not an infatuation, and here’s how I can tell: because I did not demand that he become my Great Emancipator or my Source of All Life, nor did I immediately vanish into that man’s chest cavity like a twisted, unrecognizable, parasitical homonculus. During our long period of courtship, I remained intact within my own personality, and I allowed myself to meet (him) for who he was.
Kelseyleigh Reber|life is delicate, its fragile, it's a precious thing. you never know when you're going to lose it. Live life when you can because you never know which second will be your last.
Compton Gage|Nevertheless now have I asked thee but only of the fire and wind, and of the day where-through thou hast passed, and of things from which thou canst not be separated, and yet canst thou give me no answer of them.
Karen L Milstein, Fergus and the Princess: A Lasker the Storyteller Tale|A story from beginning to end that might entertain, teach, or simply bore your listener. It's all in the delivery, my dear."He got a smug look on his face as he scooted his posterior deeper into the chair and took his pipe between his teeth. "I'm just better at it than most.
Sigrid Undset, Catherine of Siena|She [Catherine of Siena] found a place of refuge in a lonely wood, where some hermits lived. It is generally thought that this brotherhood was the community of hermits in Vallombrosa, founded by St. John Gualbert, the man who had spared the life of his deadly enemy because it was Good Friday, and later rushed into the nearest church and fell before the feet of the crucified Christ, as though drunk with this adventure - the adventure of forgiveness. And the Saviour leaned down from the cross and kissed the boy.
D.A. Botta|Ideally, love is unconditional; practically, it is more often the opposite.
Mark Z. Jacobson|Always keep your mind as bright and clear as the vast sky, the great ocean, and the highest peak, empty of all thoughts. Always keep your body filled with light and heat. Fill yourself with the power of wisdom and enlightenment.
Acharya Shantideva, A Guide to the Bodhisattva's Way of Life|When your pain gets tough, your game needs to get rough.
Olivia Sudjic, Sympathy|Your Mom's Car. Think about that. Try to wrap your brain around the supernatural and spiritual implications that the name bears down you. Your Mom's Car, holding its hand out straight, fingers curled, a zombie reaching for your neck.
Tennessee Williams|The people cannot be all, and always, well informed. The part which is wrong will be discontented, in proportion to the importance of the facts they misconceive. If they remain quiet under such misconceptions, it is lethargy, the forerunner of death to the public liberty. ... What country before ever existed a century and half without a rebellion? And what country can preserve its liberties if their rulers are not warned from time to time that their people preserve the spirit of resistance? Let them take arms. The remedy is to set them right as to facts, pardon and pacify them. What signify a few lives lost in a century or two? The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants. It is its natural manure.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Nothing is sweeter and addictive than power, the unlucky soul this demon possesses, if he is not sacrificed on its altar will sacrifice others himself to get it
Latika Teotia|Even though we keep talking about counting our blessings, looking at brighter side of things, being positive and so on, do we really practice them when things fall apart at the seams? That is the time we crib and grumble the most. “Why me? Why this? Why that?” and so on are the questions uppermost in our minds. That is the time to remember God’s innumerable mercies and Blessings showered on us in the past. That is the time to practice what you have been saying so many times. Rekindle your faith and Hold on to Him. Remember that there are still things to be thankful for.
Nalini Singh, Angels' Blood|The bastard kissed her. She was so mad, she bit him hard enough to draw blood. Raphael pulled back, lip already beginning to swell. “We are no longer even, Elena. You’re now in debt.”“You can deduct it from my slow and painful death.
Elton John|There's been so much corruption and so much cronyism in the taxi industry and so much regulatory capture, that if you ask for permission upfront for something that's already legal, you'll never get it.
B.J. Neblett|The human civilization has gone extremely so far; that in return, we have lost the line between stupidity and spirituality.
Nicole Krauss, The History of Love|there are two types of people in the world: those who prefer to be sad among others, and those who prefer to be sad alone.
Roman Vishniac|The world out there is nothing more than a load of places with people in ’em. And the people out there are neither more interesting, nor better, nor lower, than us here in Angle Tar. It’s humans, Rue. We’re the same wherever you go, no matter what we surround ourselves with.
Leah Raeder, Cam Girl|I wasnt looking for anything when I found you & it somehow made me question what I wanted, was i ready for love? I don't think anyone is ever ready, but when someone makes you feel alive again it's kind of worth the risk...
Jeremy Clarkson, The World According to Clarkson|...A person who is headstrong enough to open their eyes and their heart to the full depth and weight of the world is inviting in everything out there - both evil and good, both dark and light, and the sheer bravery of that openness enables them to gain profound insight into the human condition. It also fucks them up. It may even make them more prone to stick their head in an oven than to engage in self-promotional chitchat on Jay Leno.
Glenn Turner|I believe in the institution of marriage and it's like a tag to cement the relationship for your friends, family and public.
Gisele Walko, Cravings and Triggers|I feel like you’re trying to convince me that we don’t need condoms, but fuck that. If you impregnate me, I’m going to devour “ you like a praying mantis.” I pin Zeph against the wall and kiss her hard, because her threatening to kill or mutilate me is always so hot.
Kate Hudson|No matter how far you take it with your friends, whether you're fighting with them or you hate them for two months, you just really need them, because they're the ones who teach you the most about yourself.
Patrick Rhone, Keeping It Straight: You, Me & Everything Else|My skin tingled, and suddenly, Deanna materialized before us. I jumped.
Louise J. Kaplan|Children have neither a past nor a future. Thus they enjoy the present, which seldom happens to us.
Josh Homme|If you want to be popular and famous, you can do it; it's dead easy if you have that ego desire. But most of my ego desires as far as being famous and successful were fulfilled a long time ago.
Ilona Andrews, Magic Binds|He plugged the phone into the outlet.It rang. Roman stared at it as if it were a viper. The phone rang again. He unplugged it. “There.” “It can’t be that bad,” I told him. “Oh, it’s bad.” Roman nodded. “My dad refused to help my second sister buy a house, because he doesn’t like her boyfriend. My mother called him and it went badly. She cursed him. Every time he urinates, the stream arches up and over.
Kitty Thomas, The Last Girl|There is that moment when you first wake up and your dreams are still hovering like a fine mist in the air. For a tiny fragment of time you feel as though you could choose to live in either reality. In fact, in those seconds, as the dream replays in your mind, still so fresh, it seems more real, and this world seems unreal and fuzzy. I want to make the choice to go back to the dream, to live there.
Jasper Fforde, First Among Sequels|Yes, and imagine a world where there were no hypothetical situations.
Hiroko Sakai, "Rebirth"|The more I drive myself into the depth of my inside, the more things come up to my vision, visibly or invisibly... I even do not know if I am seeing them with my eye or with my mind. I just need to copy them on my canvases. But this mental process is always overwhelming. I often have hard time to deal with my emotion on this state. You could call this depression on surface? But actually, so many 're-birth' and 'reform' are going on on my thoughts, inspiration, philosophy...etc in the underwater. I believe this struggle make my art real. My art always comes from my emotion.
litymunshi|dream . larger than in sleep.dream ,if its helps you to growdream ,if you opened up to lifedream if you recognise another you inside your mind and heart my dear , don't let this go .dream, for everything ,you know this comes to you asking you that you can again
Sunday Adelaja|If the flesh says that you should stop, then you must move forward
Andy Andrews, The Noticer Returns: Sometimes You Find Perspective, and Sometimes Perspective Finds You|What has been done to you is one thing. Yet to really suffer, to truly be burdened with guilt and shame, such pain always begins not with what has been done to you—but with what you have done. André Chevalier
Lola Smirnova, Twisted|Vronsky meanwhile, in spite of the complete fulfilment of what he had so long desired, was not completely happy. He soon felt that the realization of his longing gave him only one grain of the mountain of bliss he had anticipated. That realization showed him the eternal error men make by imagining that happiness consists in the gratification of their wishes. When first he united his life with hers and donned civilian clothes, he felt the delight of freedom in general, such as he had not before known, and also the freedom of love—he was contented then, but not for long. Soon he felt rising in his soul a desire for desires—boredom. Involuntarily he began to snatch at every passing caprice, mistaking it for a desire and a purpose.
Steven Johnson, How We Got to Now: Six Innovations That Made the Modern World|The larger question is, as virologist Jonas Salk once asked, "Are we being good ancestors?
Takayuki Yamaguchi, シグルイ 15|If it's okay to enrich ourselves by denying foreigners the right to earn a living, why shouldn't we enrich ourselves by invading peaceful countries and seizing their assets? Most of us don't think that's a good idea, and not just because it might backfire. We don't think it's a good idea because we believe human beings have human rights, whatever their colour and wherever they live. Stealing assets is wrong, and so is stealing the right to earn a living, no matter where the victim was born.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann, Love Poems: Love Conquers All|A snowflake falls, so tenderly on your lips, I have learned to love this winter.
Debbie Millman, Look Both Ways: Illustrated Essays on the Intersection of Life and Design|Try not to compromise. So many people don’t do what they really want in their hearts because they feel like they’re not good enough, or they’re not smart enough, or they’re not talented enough… anything. And that doesn’t matter. In order for you to live a remarkable life — in order for you to live a life that is fulfilling — you need to be able to go after what you want. And if you don’t, you’re not going to achieve it — ever.
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|He doesn't know this now, but in the years to come he will, again and again, test Harold's claims of devotion, will throw himself against his promises to see how steadfast they are. He won't even be conscious that he's doing this. But he will do it anyway, because part of him will never believe Harold and Julia; as much as he wants to, as much as he thinks he does, he won't, and he will always be convinced that they will eventually tire of him, that they will one day regret their involvement with him. And so he will challenge them, because when their relationship inevitably ends, he will be able to look back and know for certain that he caused it, and not only that, but the specific incident that caused it, and he will never have to wonder, or worry, about what he did wrong, or what he could have done better. But that is in the future. For now, his happiness is flawless.
Timothy J. Keller|We can reach our world, if we will. The greatest lack today is not people or funds. The greatest need is prayer.
Gerald Morris, Parsifal's Page|Dead or not, I have come for his heart and I will have it.
Dean F. Wilson|There are always periodic opportunities to give up, while every single moment is an opportunity to persevere.
Mark LaMoure, Step into Your Vision 2.0: 24 Inspirational Leaders Share Their Goal-Setting Secrets|You tend to become that, what you want most. Look to the light of God, expect the best and give it your best. Make success happen with devotion and dedication. You can do it.
Nadun Lokuliyanage|Life without books, chocolate & coffee is just useless.
Alice Walker|What that song? I ast. Sound low down dirty to me. Like what the preacher tells you its sin to hear. Not to mention sing.She hum a little more. Something come to me, she say. Something I made up. Something you help scratch out my head.
Yevgeny Zamyatin, The Dragon: Fifteen Stories|In Mississippi the important thing is hooch, not bar equipment.
Michael Rowe, Wild Fell|But you need to make sure that the last thing you remember about today isn't that you fell down, it's that you got back up again. That's what we do when bad things happen to us.
David D. Burns|The human relationship to combustion is as mysterious as it is fraught with madness. From the candle flame to the nuclear blast, it has lit up the human imagination with fear and fascination.
Tim Hudson|With Fresh Healthy Vending growing by the day, my role is ever-evolving, just as the company is, and I intend to take on any necessary responsibilities in order to make a positive impact and spread a message we all believe in so strongly.
Johannes Kepler|I used to measure the skies, now I measure the shadows of Earth.Although my mind was sky-bound, the shadow of my body lies
Jacques Ellul, Anarchy and Christianity|No matter what God's power may be, the first aspect of God is never that of the absolute Master, the Almighty. It is that of the God who puts himself on our human level and limits himself.
Jeff Dunham|Jose: Do not drop me senorJeff:i wont drop you,joseJose:then i be jose jalapeno on the floorPeanut:do a little tap dance and we got salsa!Jeff:Thats terrible!Peanut:not with the right chips its notJeff:stop it! im sorry josejose:its okayjeff: okayJose:ill kick his ass laterpeanut:i'll turn ur ass into guacamolejeff: stop it!peanut: i will stir u with ur own stick!jeff:stop it!peanut: this is the way we stir the guac stir the guac stir the guac. OLE!!
Mason Cooley|Each party steals so many articles of faith from the other, and the candidates spend so much time making each other's speeches, that by the time election day is past there is nothing much to do save turn the sitting rascals out and let a new gang in.
Parker J. Palmer, Let Your Life Speak: Listening for the Voice of Vocation|Our problem as Americans -- at least, among my race and gender -- is that we resist the very idea of limits, regarding limits of all sorts as temporary and regrettable impositions on our lives.
Embee, Tess Embers|The Pacific is my home ocean; I knew it first, grew up on its shore, collected marine animals along the coast. I know its moods, its color, its nature. It was very far inland that I caught the first smell of the Pacific. When one has been long at sea, the smell of land reaches far out to greet one. And the same it true when one has been long inland.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Man may change, government may change, people may change but Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today and forever.
Alan Bennett, The History Boys|It's subjunctive history. You know, the subjunctive? The mood used when something may or may not have happened. When it is imagined.
Muhammad Imran Hasan|Don't Ignore Silence Cause It Has A Sound. When It Starts Speaking, Its Louder Than Thousand Volcanoes....
J.K. Coi, Protecting His Assets|She looked at his outstretched hand, seeing it for what it was. A challenge. An invitation. A promise. They could never be just a "fling." A fling was something you didn't put your heart into.
William Shakespeare, Henry V|Honor is no phantom. Duty doesn't melt away, no matter how much we might wish it to.
Rutger Hauer, All Those Moments: Stories of Heroes, Villains, Replicants, and Blade Runners|I have been to the speed of God, sir...and I discommend it.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Deep down inside I knew something was different . . .I wanted to tell others what had happened to me. I didn’t have any tears, I didn’t have any emotion, I didn’t hear any thunder, there was no lightning . . . but . . . I made my decision for Christ.
Thomm Quackenbush, Pagan Standard Times: Essays on the Craft|It is difficult to process the sacred masculine when your closest example has been a man smacking you around, verbally degrading you, lording over you, or otherwise proving a poor demonstration of the use of strength.
Maya Angelou, I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings|TRIPPING OVER JOYWhat is the differenceBetween your experience of ExistenceAnd that of a saint?The saint knowsThat the spiritual pathIs a sublime chess game with GodAnd that the BelovedHas just made such a Fantastic MoveThat the saint is now continuallyTripping over JoyAnd bursting out in LaughterAnd saying, “I Surrender!”Whereas, my dear,I am afraid you still thinkYou have a thousand serious moves.
Anaïs Nin|I am made only for passion; it is the temperature of love that I cannot endure. I am afraid, and I think it is death- everything but passion seems like death to me. Only in fever do I feel life.
TheSleepingSorcerer|The Imagination of the Mind is the Treasury that although liable to theft, never ceases to grow.
Joseph Brodsky|This assumption that the blue collar crowd is not supposed to read it, or a farmer in his overalls is not to read poetry, seems to be dangerous if not tragic.
Bram Stoker, Dracula|Do not think that I am not sad, though I laugh.
Nina George, The Little Paris Bookshop|Often it’s not we who shape words, but the words we use that shape us.
Joanna Shupe, A Daring Arrangement|Without love, we are pointless. With it, we are infinite.
H.P. Lovecraft, Pickman's Model|That's because only a real artist knows the actual anatomy of the terrible or the physiology of fear - the exact sort of lines and proportions that connect up with latent instincts or hereditary memories of fright, and the proper colour contrasts and lighting effects to stir the dormant sense of strangeness.
Elizabeth Chadwick, The Marsh King's Daughter|I know the difference between the confection of live as sung in a minstrel's tale and the sustaining bread of love in reality, he defended himself. Both are to be savoured in their own way.
Roisin Turner|It's not being in the past, but accepting who we were and being who we are.
