Bear Grylls|All my songs are different, but from the overall experience, I want people to sense that they can overcome and move through difficult times and find strength in my music. Maybe it's a song that makes them cry and move through something else.
M.F. Moonzajer|If wishes were horses," she murmured, "beggars would ride.
Art Buchwald|I met Leonardo DiCaprio and Busta Rhymes the same night, on my birthday in New York.
Mustafa Kemal Ataturk|Natural life, lived naturally as it is lived in the countryside, has none of that progress which is the base of happiness. Men and women in rural communities can be compared to a spring that rises out of a rock and spreads in irregular ever-widening circles. But the general principle is static.
Dana Marton, Deathtrap|He glanced around, his eyes widening a little when he looked toward her bedroom.	She winced, but resisted the urge to jump and close the door. He was staring at the poster above her bed, an image of Annie Oakley with the quote "I ain't afraid to love a man. I ain't afraid to shoot him either.
George MacDonald, Phantastes|For essential beauty is infinite, and, as the soul of Nature needs an endless succession of varied forms to embody her loveliness, countless faces of beauty springing forth, not any two the same, at every one of her heart-throbs, so the individual form needs an infinite change of its environments, to enable it to uncover all the phases of its loveliness.
Rocco DiSpirito|I believe it is an important project, it makes the cost of doing business lower and they will make us more competitive at the same time, it will also provide some satisfaction to the people who demand services for them of the quality they want and also quickly.
Cybill Cain, Poker Face|Be my shield, baby. Be my world
Chelsea Cain, Kill You Twice|Statues are too much like dolls, and dolls are creepy. You keep expecting them to blink. And the ones that smile, like this?" Eve kept her lips tight together and she curved them up. "You know they've got teeth in there. Big, sharp, shiny teeth."I didn't. But now I've got to worry about it.
Jack London|When you have a daughter, you want to protect her from the things that I've seen out there, you know, the things that's out there that ain't good for her. It's a crazy world we live in.
W.E.B. Du Bois|The function of the university is not simply to teach breadwinning, or to furnish teachers for the public schools, or to be a centre of polite society; it is, above all, to be the organ of that fine adjustment between real life and the growing knowledge of life, an adjustment which forms the secret of civilization.
Trent Reznor|When you design a building, you start from a general philosophy, and you come down, and you start from detail and come up. Only the theoretical architect believes that you can make the concept and then sometime, somebody will come to build it.
kurbhatt|St. Triduana devoted herself to God in a solitary life at Rescobie in Angus (now Forfarshire). While dwelling there, a prince of the country having conceived an unlawful passion for her is said to have pursued her with his unwelcome attentions. To rid herself of his importunities, as a legend relates, Triduana bravely plucked out her beautiful eyes, her chief attraction, and sent them to her admirer. Her heroism, it is said, procured for her the power of curing diseases of the eyes.
Adele Faber, How to Talk So Kids Will Listen & Listen So Kids Will Talk|The challenge for us is to find some response that actually inspires change rather than clinging to the old ways that cause resentment, and more importantly, distract from the real problem.
Theodore Volgoff, The Backpack|Loosing someone in our life (family members, friends, partner, and etc) might be hurt..but normal..is that because any relationship are never ending song of joy, happiness, love, comfort, respect and being that will always be remembered; we sometimes forget the lyrics fortunately always remember the tune..the verse might be different but the song remain the same...(Ejump,2016)
Michael Polanyi, Personal Knowledge|So far as we know, the tiny fragments of the universe embodied in man are the only centers of thought and responsibility in the visible world. If that be so, the appearance of the human mind has been so far the ultimate stage in the awakening of the world; and all that has gone before, the striving of myriad centers that have taken the risks of living and believing, seem to have all been pursuing, along rival lines, the aim now achieved by us up to this point. They are all akin to us, for all these centers - those which led up to our own existence and the far more numerous others which produced different lines of which many are extinct - may be seen engaged in the same endeavor towards ultimate liberation. We may envisage then a cosmic field which called forth all these centers by offering them a short-lived, limited, hazardous opportunity for making some progress of their own towards an unthinkable consummation. And that is also, I believe, how a Christian is placed when worshiping God.
Benjamin Disraeli|Things can get tough out there. I am in no way saying life is easy and we should breeze through it like a fart through silk filter; we are going to take our lumps and deal with our own unique adversity. What I am saying is that in all the chaos, remember to breathe, remember to smile, and remember that the only time to panic is when there is truly no tomorrow. Fortunately for the majority of us, tomorrow will always meet us in the morning with a cup of coffee and a fresh deck of cigarettes, ready to crack it's cocoon and mature into today. So ease the grip on your moralities and be yourself. Fantastic is really just the flaws. Nobody is perfect - not you, not me, not Jesus, Buddha, Jehovah, not God. But the great thing is that you do not have to be perfect to be alive, and that is what makes life absolutely perfect.
Cassandra Clare|But they love each other. Isn't that what love means? That you're supposed to be there for the other person to turn to, no matter what?
Maxwell Maltz|You make mistakes, mistakes don't make you
Erma Bombeck|I am proud to have been born in Iowa. Through the eyes of a ten-year-old boy, it was a place of adventure and daily discoveries - the wonder of the growing crops, the excitements of the harvest, the journeys to the woods for nuts and hunting, the joys of snowy winters, the comfort of the family fireside, of good food and tender care.
Gary Wolf|Moreover, as the leadership of the House confirmed last year, the Administration remains opposed to a congressional resolution on the Armenian Genocide due to Turkish objections. This approach sends absolutely the wrong signal to Turkey and to the rest of the world.
Michael Bassey Johnson|You are not flawed, you are as beautiful as you have always been and blessed with evidence of a life lived.
Sarahbeth Caplin, Someone You Already Know|Carl’s abuse isn’t obvious. It’s not something one can even notice while it’s happening. Carl doesn’t do you the favor of punching you in the face and sending you to school with a black eye so that you have a fighting chance of being rescued. Carl doesn’t hit, scream, or molest, allowing you to know you’re being mistreated.
Jayda Skidmore|The Atonement has not only helped me be cleansed, and be healed, but it has also helped me live.
Courtney Summers, Cracked Up to Be|In a cruel and imperfect world, she was living proof that God could still create perfection.
Rick Mayhew, Donovan's Law|He bolted right through the wooden cross arm at the parking garage exit and power-slid into traffic. A torrent of car horns and skids enveloped his vehicle, but the tears in Danny's eyes created the inability to differentiate one vehicle from another. The colors of the automobiles bled into each other like melting rainbow sherbet.
Ralph Ellison, Shadow and Act|...Food serves two parallel purposes: it nourishes and it helps you remember. Eating and storytelling are inseparable—the saltwater is also tears; the honey not only tastes sweet, but makes us think of sweetness; the matzo is the bread of our affliction.
Timothy Snyder, Bloodlands: Europe Between Hitler and Stalin|I'm waiting for the piece of shit to crawl out from under his rock. If it is who she said it is, then I'll be there to kick the throne from beneath his filthy, lying, murdering backside.” - Nik Driver
David Bergen, Stranger|I believe in the person I want to become.I believe in the freedom of the open road.And my motto is the same as ever:"I believe in the kindness of strangers. And when I'm at war with myself I ride, I just ride."Who are you?Are you in touch with all of your darkest fantasies?Have you created a life for yourself where you can experience them?I have. I am fucking crazy.But I am free.
Val Uchendu|If you seek success, serve others. If you seek immortality give. Serve or give your time, skills, talent or gift. In the end, what you leave behind are trials of the lives you changed and the hearts you touched.
Anna Bayes, It Is Time and Other Stories|No, I do not need an outrageous quest to prove my worth. I deserve happiness -- happiness on my own terms.
Joseph Bruchac|We need to walk to know sacred places, those around us and those within. We need to walk to remember the songs.
Carlito Sofer, Nik Krasno|The United States of America is logically the least magical place in the world. Planned by committee, not even a country, just a legal umbrella for fifty associated provinces, an elaborate polling system for creating other larger and more permanent committees. No mysteries; no demons; one God at the most. Sure, it had its own folklore and tall tales, but it wasn’t the same. Its rulers weren’t descended from men and women who spoke with birds and rode dragons. Johnny Appleseed and Paul Bunyan were hayseeds, folksy also-rans compared to the madness in the ancient royal blood going back to the Druids, to Byzantium, to Mithraic cults.
Kinoko Nasu, 空の境界 未来福音 [The Garden Of Sinners/Recalled Out Summer]|I no longer looked to the future or lost hope in it. The past and the future are, from the view of the present, nothing more than a distant paradise. As one who can never achieve divinity, all I could do is ponder that with all of my might.
Joseph P. Kauffman, Stillness: A Guide to Finding Your Inner Peace|Much of our suffering is caused by our false perceptions and attachment to mental images. We assume things to be true without really knowing whether they are true or not, then create a world of hurt for ourselves and others.
Erik Voorhees|We came from a family where we ran our own small business. Our dad made his own products. We made our own sausages, our own meatloafs, our own pickles. Dad had to do everything himself. He had to figure out how to finance his business.
Brian Clevinger, 8-Bit Theater|If this is how you feel about a desert, I can't wait until you see your first real tree. Your mind will explode.
Elizabeth Goudge, The Child from the Sea|It's the fools that make all the trouble in the world, not the wicked.
Monika Zands|I am on a mission to spread more love on this planet. It is shocking to me to see how little attention to spreading love there is. I will not rest until I am the AMBASSADOR FOR LOVE for the United Nations. It is time to give love its voice, its place, and its impact in the hearts of all mankind.
David Brooks|There is no way that the new WikiLeaks leaks don't leave Hillary Clinton holding the smoking gun. The time for her departure may come next week or next month, but sooner or later, the weakened and humiliated secretary of state will have to pay.
Edna St. Vincent Millay|TO what purpose, April, do you return again? Beauty is not enough. You can no longer quiet me with the redness Of little leaves opening stickily. I know what I know. The sun is hot on my neck as I observe The spikes of the crocus. The smell of the earth is good. It is apparent that there is no death. But what does that signify? Not only under ground are the brains of men Eaten by maggots. Life in itself Is nothing, An empty cup, a flight of uncarpeted stairs. It is not enough that yearly, down this hill, April Comes like an idiot, babbling and strewing flowers.
Paul Bowles, The Sheltering Sky|Whenever he was en route from one place to another, he was able to look at his life with a little more objectivity than usual. it was often on trpis that he thought most clearly, and made the decisions that he could not reach when he was stationary.
Tony Curl|Lessons are learned through making mistakes, falling and rising.
Cathleen Schine, She Is Me|If having an imagination means imagining all the things you don't have - imagining, in fact, the impossibility of your own happiness - is an imagination a good thing?
Huston Smith|Muhammad adhered meticulously to the charter he forged for Medina, which - grounded as it was in the Quranic injunction, "Let there be no compulsion in religion" (2:256) - is arguably the first mandate for religious tolerance in human history.
Thom S. Rainer, I Am a Church Member: Discovering the Attitude that Makes the Difference|What did you say, Gram? About there being no church out here?" "I said that the sky was the roof of my cathedral and the desert was its floor and any time I paid attention, I could feel a higher power all around me.
Rodney Dangerfield|One never reaches home, but wherever friendly paths intersect the whole world looks like home for a time.
Scott Stabile|Kindness danced through the streets,leaving warmer hearts and smiles everywhere it dared to show itself.
Edgar Allan Poe, The Complete Poetry|Twas noontide of summer,And mid-time of night;And stars, in their orbits,Shone pale, thro' the lightOf the brighter, cold moon,'Mid planets her slaves,Herself in the Heavens,Her beam on the waves.I gazed awhileOn her cold smile;Too cold–too cold for me-There pass'd, as a shroud,A fleecy cloud,And I turned away to thee,Proud Evening Star,In thy glory afar,And dearer thy beam shall be;For joy to my heartIs the proud partThou bearest in Heaven at night,And more I admireThy distant fire,Than that colder, lowly light.
Melanie Greenberg, The Stress-Proof Brain: Master Your Emotional Response to Stress Using Mindfulness and Neuroplasticity|And here I am sitting again, yes, sitting again by this faithful lamp, feeling indescribably serene and unhurried. I shall travel this day's path quite calmly and just take a little holiday—my eyes and head are slightly overstressed and overstrained. One must have the patience to do a little less.
Starhawk, The Spiral Dance: A Rebirth of the Ancient Religion of the Great Goddess|Aren't you going a little overboard?" I asked, picturing a day ahead of me trying to find these items in a town I didn't know."Nonsense, darling. What's the point of a party if you don't go overboard."I sat on the sofa watching her, admiring her. Not only was she beautiful, but she had a wonderful way of shaking off life's little problems, like water off a duck's back. Nothing seemed to upset her.
R.J. Palacio, Wonder|I think we're too young to be dating. I mean I don't see what the rush is." Summer says. "Yeah, I agree," said August. "Which is kind of a shame, you know what with all those babes who keep throwing themselves at me and stuff?
Daniel Goleman, Emotional Intelligence: Why It Can Matter More Than IQ|In a very real sense we have two minds, one that thinks and one that feels
Sara Sheridan, British Bulldog|I had to do something about my longing, so I got up, went to the kitchen in my nightgown, peeled a pound of potatoes, boiled them up, sliced them, fried them in butter, salted them generously and ate every bite of them - asking my body the whole while if it would please accept the satisfaction of a pound of fried potatoes in lieu of the fulfillment of lovemaking.My body replied, only after eating every bite of food: "No deal, babe.
Diana Dentinger, Modus Vivendi: Your Life Your Way|Your life purpose is about you. It is a tangible, practical, everyday way to be that evolves over time as you mature. It is not just a new age, cheesy, flaky, peace and love statement. It is the greatness of who you are taking meaningful action. This is how you stay healthy and happy. Then and only then does your energy ripple out to make the world a better place.
Alberto Caeiro, O Pastor Amoroso|I don’t regret anything I was before because I still am.I only regret not having loved you.Put your hands in mineAnd let’s be quiet, surrounded by life.
Adelaide Crapsey, Verse by Adelaide Crapsey|Three grey women walk with me Fate and Grief and Memory. My fate brought grief; my grief must be With me through Eternity, Such thy power, memory.Three grey women walk with me.
|Give your dreams the consistent actions that they desperately need, and in return they would surely give you the rewards that you hunger for.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Seeds, not doubting their potential, rise and become forests.
Daniel Handler, Adverbs|This is how it is in life and love. In life and love we are with people for a while, and then we join other people, people we have not met, and we walk with them, and we leave behind all the things we used to be. Sometimes we leave people behind too... This happens everyday. Everyday this happens and scarcely anybody cares.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Do not waste your life, in search for a job.Use your special gifts to create work for yourself.
Barack Obama|When those who are responsible for the leadership of State begin to move in villainous ways; when they begin to destroy the fabric of what it is that our nation is held together with; when they violate the Constitution of our nation and begin to do things that are false to our dreams and our hopes--it is incumbent upon every citizen by right, but also by responsibility, to challenge that administration, to raise their voice in vigorous dissent and to challenge the way in which the state is doing business. And those who fail to do that, should be charged with patriotic treason!
Jane McGonigal|We know that to become a Christian we shouldn’t try to fix ourselves up, but when it comes to praying we completely forget that. We’ll sing the old gospel hymn, “Just as I Am,” but when it comes to praying, we don’t come just as we are. We try, like adults, to fix ourselves up. Private, personal prayer is one of the last great bastions of legalism. In order to pray like a child, you might need to unlearn the nonpersonal, nonreal praying that you’ve been taught.
Eric Jerome Dickey, Genevieve|I myself shall continue living in my glass house where you can always see who comes to call, where everything hanging from the the ceiling and on the walls stays where it is as if by magic, where I sleep nights in a glass bed, under glass sheets, where who I am will sooner or later appear etched by a diamond.
Curtis Sittenfeld, Sisterland|Strangely enough, when you get older the things you didn't understand when you were a child start to make sense. "When this happened, I should have done that." "When that happened, I should have said this." those types of things. You start to understand rather than regret. It may be closer to repentance. So it may be that I do want to repent and erase the ignorant self from my childhood.
C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity|Charity, if you have the means, is a personal choice, but charity which is expected or compelled is simply a polite word for slavery.
Stacey T. Hunt, Game of Nightmares|After he's gone Greer sits for a long time. She rests her head on her knees and weeps - not because she loved Blake and not because she's lost him. But because she did not care of herself. She knew Blake's nature the moment she met him, just as she knew the philandering fiancé. She knew them and she knew herself. Greer thinks of the story of the scorpion and the frog, and she knows she cannot blame these men for her messy life, they only did what she always knew they would do. No, this is not about crushed hopes and broken dreams. This is about trusting her own heart. Hope doesn't even enter into it.
Camille Paglia|Men have sacrificed and crippled themselves physically and emotionally to feed, house, and protect women and children. None of their pain or achievement is registered in feminist rhetoric, which portrays men as oppressive and callous exploiters.
Elizabeth Morgan, Razel Dazzle|Kate was lying under him, spread on the table like a banquet for a starving man. And the scent of her arousal caused his hunger to spike suddenly and sharply from deep inside him. It surged out of him in a wave that overwhelmed him. Journey Into Submission (eXtasy)
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|The White Whale swam before him as the monomaniac incarnation of all those malicious agencies which some deep men feel eating them, till they are left living with half a heart and half a lung.
Nev Schulman|I'm enjoying dating. I'm single, though, I'm not in a relationship.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Cursed|I honestly don't think you do, at least not completely. Look, you will always hold a special place in my heart, but I can’t keep competing for a battle that’s already won.
Harlan Tarbell, The Tarbell Course in Magic Volume 2|A few people have ventured to imitate Shakespeare's tragedy. But no audacious spirit has dreamed or dared to imitate Shakespeare's comedy. No one has made any real attempt to recover the loves and the laughter of Elizabethan England. The low dark arches, the low strong pillars upon which Shakespeare's temple rests we can all explore and handle. We can all get into his mere tragedy; we can all explore his dungeon and penetrate into his coal-cellar, but we stretch our hands and crane our necks in vain towards that height where the tall turrets of his levity are tossed towards the sky. Perhaps it is right that this should be so; properly understood, comedy is an even grander thing than tragedy.
Margaret Dickinson, The Clippie Girls|If God rewards the faithful with earthly rewards, then what leverage does the devil have?
Michael Bassey Johnson|Ladies and gentlemen, when you paint your lips, eyes, nails, hair, side-beards, or whatever, to look beautiful or handsome, don't forget your up stairs, if you don't go up there to put things in order, then, consider the former attributes null and void.
Donald Pillai|Each of us will be remembered, either by those close to us or by those who have benefited from the greater good which we have done.
Lele Pons|I'm not Rihanna. I'm not cool. When people come up to me in the street, they often want a hug, not a photo, and they want that because they like my work.
raja shakeel mushtaque|Why some dreams of your life make you more restless till they are completed!Because dreams aren't spaced by time, only realities come with this feature
Elizabeth Gaskell|Zombies are far better than religious people, because they do not discriminate in killing.
Alain de Botton, The Pleasures and Sorrows of Work|Our exertions generally find no enduring physical correlatives. We are diluted in gigantic intangible collective projects, which leave us wondering what we did last year and, more profoundly, where we have gone and quite what we have amounted to....How different everything is for the craftsman who ... can step back at the end of a day or lifetime and point to an object--whether a square of canvas, a chair or a clay jug--and see it as a stable repository of his skills and an accurate record of his years, and hence feel collected together in one place, rather than strung out across projects which long ago evaporated into nothing one could hold or see.
Theodore Dreiser|This is what I like," said Jesse. "Everything seems better when we have to work to get it.
Paul Levy, Dispelling Wetiko|Indigenous people have been tracking the same 'psychic virus' for many centuries, calling it 'wetiko' in Cree (windigo in Ojibwa, wintiko in Powhatan), a term that refers to a biologically wicked person or spirit who terrorizes others by means of evil acts.
|One of the things that a lot of people fail to realize is that 'I will do it later' is not a time or date. It could end up being done months or years from now, or even not at all. Stay true to your goals and dreams at all times.
Jim Yackel, Dead-Ringer|Well, one day all the world’s wizards and witches will kneel before Jesus and call Him ‘Lord.
Joyce Carol Oates|Being able to say something lyrically, to say something that will do more than just be words, is really hard. It's easy to do when you're writing a chapter of a book or writing poetry, but it's really hard to do when you're confined to a melody line.
P. J. O'Rourke|Very early on in life, I decided the hell with it: material things weren't for me. Christmas would come, and other kids would have all these presents, and it wouldn't bother me a bit.
Ron White|City Ballet has to develop choreographers of stature and a new approach to coaching before everything we value about it fades away and, in the great tradition of the Cheshire Cat, there's nothing left but Peter Martins' smile.
1 Minuto na Palma da Mão|Although complex, life is simple. It is individual.Living is the challenge. It is interactive. It's collective.
Dorothy B. Hughes, In a Lonely Place|How Many Lumberjacks Does it Take to Ravish, Maim and Kill Five Feisty Female Co-eds?Read 'Lumberjacked' by Rich Bottles Jr. to find out!Lumberjacked: A Supernatural Tale of Murder and Mayhem in the Mountain State.
Suzannah  Rowntree, Pendragon's Heir|In the dim sunset Perceval looked the glade over and said, “Does your lady wife think so little of sending you out on deadly errands?” Sir Gareth unstrapped the blanket from behind his saddle. “It’s our fourth child. I’ve grown accustomed to it.” “Of course,” Perceval said with a grin, “even dragonfire might burn less hot than my lady aunt’s temper.” Sir Gareth cuffed Perceval across the ear. “For that piece of insolence, youngster, you take the first watch. And be glad you are so tender in years that I dare not risk my honour upon you in single combat to prove my Lynet as sweet-tempered as she should be.
Matthew M. Hurley|Yet the laboriously sought musical epiphany rarely compares to the unsought, even unwanted tune whose ambush is violent and sudden: the song the cab driver was tuned to, the song rumbling from the speaker wedged against the fire-escape railing, the song tingling from the transistor on the beach blanket. To locate those songs again can become, with age, something like a religious quest, as suggested by the frequent use of the phrase "Holy Grail" to describe hard-to-find tracks. The collector is haunted by the knowledge that somewhere on the planet an intact chunk of his past still exists, uncorrupted by time or circumstance.
Steven Redhead|Start creating a life you desire, bringing your dreams to life, taking what is then turning it around to create what is possible.
Gerard Manley Hopkins, The Poems of Gerard Manley Hopkins|...O if we but knew what to do When we delve or hew— Hack and rack the growing green! Since country is so tender To touch, her being só slender,
Freeman Dyson|People love dogs. This is, I hope, the least surprising sentence you will read in this book. I myself have had long discussions with my dog friends, and by that I mean my friends who are dogs.
Kirsten Siggins, The Power of Curiosity: How to Have Real Conversations that create Collaboration, Innovation and Understanding|When we aren't curious in conversations we judge, tell, blame and even shame, often without even knowing it, which leads to conflict." -The Power Of Curiosity: How To Have Real Conversations That Create Collaboration, Innovation and Understanding
Ava DuVernay|A black woman making art is a disruptive act. Every story that I tell as a woman is a political act, even if I want to tell a 'silly love story.' The fact it exists through my gaze is radical.
Simone Elkeles, Rules of Attraction|You’re dangerous,” he says.“Why?”“Because you make me believe in the impossible
Compton Gage|If therefore that which is sown be not turned upside down, and if the place where the evil is sown passes not away, then cannot it come that is sown with good?
M. J. Rose|I just want real reactions. I want people to laugh from the gut, be sad from the gut - or get angry from the gut.
Lavie Tidhar, Osama|Whatever happens right now, it has to happen.
Sheena Easton|If you love somebody, let them go, for if they return, they were always yours. And if they don't, they never were.
A.Giannoccaro|Oh the madness of battle! We fear it, we celebrate it, the poets sing of it, and when it fills the blood like fire it is a real madness. It is joy! All the terror is swept away, a man feels he could live for ever, he sees the enemy retreating, knows he himself is invincible, that even the gods would shrink from his blade and his bloodied shield. And I was still keening that mad song, the battle song of slaughter, the sound that blotted out the screams of dying men and the crying of the wounded. It is fear, of course, that feeds the battle madness, the release of fear into savagery. You win in the shield wall by being more savage than your enemy, by turning his savagery back into fear.
Story Musgrave|I certainly remember building model rockets. It was fun to watch the rocket blast into the air, suspenseful to wonder if the parachute would open to bring the rocket safely back.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Your body is always wherever it is; but your mind, often somewhere else! Thus, when a person talks to you, he often talks to your body, not to your mind!
Bharath Mamidoju|I still have people from my past who treat me wrong, i thank them for making me strong.
Kate McGahan, The Lizard from Rainbow Bridge: A True Tale of an Unexpected Angel|Animal spirits often will appear during the hours between dusk and dawn; also known as the “tween times”. They will always give you something. It may be just a simple pause within the chaos of life to remind you that there is more to life than the details of living it, working it and paying for it. It may be a shred of insight or a flash of recognition that comes to you in a fleeting thought or maybe in a dream in the tween times of your own mind.
Karl Pilkington, The Ricky Gervais Show - First, Second and Third Seasons|Stop looking at the walls, look out the window.
Eliot Pattison, The Lord of Death|The more one understands the world...the harder it is to obtain Buddhahood." Dakpo to Shan
Jiddu Krishnamurti, Education and the Significance of Life|To understand a child we have to watch him at play, study him in his different moods; we cannot project upon him our own prejudices, hopes and fears, or mould him to fit the pattern of our desires. If we are constantly judging the child according to our personal likes and dislikes, we are bound to create barriers and hindrances in our relationship with him and in his relationships with the world. Unfortunately, most of us desire to shape the child in a way that is gratifying to our own vanities and idiosyncrasies; we find varying degrees of comfort and satisfaction in exclusive ownership and domination.
Cyprian|It is a bad world, Donatus, an incredibly bad world. But I have discovered in the midst of it a quiet and good people who have learned the great secret of life. They have found a joy and wisdom which is a thousand times better than any of the pleasures of our sinful life. They are despised and persecuted, but they care not. They are masters of their souls. They have overcome the world. These people, Donatus, are Christians. . . and I am one of them.
Abhinav Rajput|I choose to say it is well even when it is not, because in every situation I find myself in, I still learn from it.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|If I speak of myself in different ways, that is because I look at myself in different ways.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|You don't do kind deeds expecting kindness in return. You don't do kind deeds because you deem the recipient worthy. You do kind deeds because it's who you are, and because you understand the powerful difference your gentle hand makes in this dreary world.
Lisa Samson, The Sky Beneath My Feet|Now, clear your minds. It knows what scares you. It has from the very beginning. Don't give it any help, it knows too much already.
H.P. Lovecraft, The Temple|Flirting with madness was one thing; when madness started flirting back, it was time to call the whole thing off.
Neil Gaiman|Costume jewelry is not made to give women an aura of wealth,but to make them beautifu
John Steinbeck, Travels with Charley: In Search of America|Strange how one person can saturate a room with vitality, with excitement. Then there are others, and this dame was one of them, who can drain off energy and joy, can suck pleasure dry and get no sustenance from it. Such people spread a grayness in the air about them.
Shawn Boreta|The slate black sky. The middle stepof the back porch. And long agomy mother's necklace, the beadsrolling north and south. Brokenthe rose stem, water into drops, glassknob on the bedroom door. Last summer'spot of parsley and mint, white rootsshooting like streamers through the cracks.Years ago the cat's tail, the bird bath,the car hood's rusted latch. Brokenlittle finger on my right hand at birth--I was pulled out too fast. What hasn''tbeen rent, divided, split? Broken the days into nights, the night skyinto stars, the stars into patternsI make up as I trace themwith a broken-off bladeof grass. Possible, unthinkable,the cricket's tiny back as I lieon the lawn in the dark, my harta blue cup fallen from someone's hands. 
Goldie Hawn|That's what it's come to, Miller thought, rubbing a hand across his chin. Pogroms after all. Cut off just a hundred more heads, just a thousand more heads, just ten thousand more heads, and then we'll be free.
Katee Robert, Falling for His Best Friend|Sweetheart, I’ve been there with you through all of it. I was the one who camped out with you in that old tree house for days on end and held you after your mom died. It was me who sat with you while we waited for your sister to come out of the surgery that cut out her cancer. I was the one holding your hand while we waited for those test results to come back, and I was the one who supplied the alcohol to get you drunk, and the shoulder to cry on while you processed it. I understand. You don’t have to do this alone.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning|From my rotting body, flowers shall grow and I am in them and that is eternity.
Holly Sprink, Faith Postures: Cultivating Christian Mindfulness|WHY PARADIGMS MATTERIdeas drive results. People's beliefs drive their actions. Actions that stem from a simple, complete and accurate paradigm result in personal fulfillment, harmonious relationships, and economic prosperity.Actions based on false, incomplete and inaccurate paradigms, however well intended or passionately defended, are the cause of widespread misery, suffering and deprivation.As detailed in Rethinking Survival: Getting to the Positive Paradigm of Change, a fatal information deficit explains the worldwide leadership deficit and related budget deficits. In a dangerous world where psychological and economic warfare compete with religious extremism and terrorism to undo thousands of years of incremental human progress, a healing balance is urgently needed. Restoring a simple, complete and accurate paradigm of leadership and relationships now could make the difference between human survival on the one hand, and the extinction of the human race (or the end of civilization as we know it), on the other. p. 7.
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|Don’t blame any one, including you. There is something called destiny.
Carl Sandburg|He picked up one of Lorna's roses and set it in my lap. "Here." I picked it up and smelled it. He poked me in the shoulder. "See what I mean? Thorns don't stop you from sniffing. Or putting them in a vase on the kitchen table. You work around them.... Cause the rose is worth it... Think what you'd miss.
Agatha Christie, Hercule Poirot's Christmas|Ah, but you must have a Christmas uncomplicated by murder.
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|Waiting for things to happen is like daydreaming. To break out of that cycle, you must be willing to take the first small step.
Christopher Hitchens, Love, Poverty, and War: Journeys and Essays|Nobody knows how many North Koreans have died or are dying in the famine—some estimates by foreign-aid groups run as high as three million in the period from 1995 to 1998 alone—but the rotund, jowly face of Kim Il Sung still beams down contentedly from every wall, and the 58-year-old son looks as chubby as ever, even as his slenderized subjects are mustered to applaud him.
Kiersten White, And I Darken|If a man realizes who he is, he cannot be hurt, humiliated or offended
Israelmore Ayivor|If you really want to eat, keep climbing. The fruits are on the top of the tree. Stretch your hands and keep stretching them. Success is on the top, keep going.
Aristotle|The topics just kind of come to me. If they are relevant, it's because they're happening in the world around me, and it's affecting me. Poetry is my way of dealing with it.
James Patterson, Angel|The first lesson a watcher learns is to separate truth from illusion. Because in the world of magicks, it's the hardest thing to do.
Theodore Dalrymple|Music escapes ideological characterization. Just as there are some social scientists who believe that what cannot be measured does not truly exist, and some psychologists used to believe that consciousness does not exist because it cannot be observed by instruments, so ideologists find anything that escapes their conceptual framework threatening - because ideologists want a simple principle, or a few simple principles, by which all things may be judged. When I was a student, I lived with a hard-line dialectical materialist who said that Schubert was a typical petit bourgeois pessimist, whose music would die out once objective causes for pessimism ceased to exist. But I suspect that even he was not entirely happy with this formulation.
Simon Sebag Montefiore, The Romanovs: 1613-1918|Power is always personal: any study of a Western democratic leader today reveals that, even in a transparent system with its short periods in office, personalities shape administrations. Democratic leaders often rule through trusted retainers instead of official ministers. In any court, power is as fluid as human personality.
Charles   Lee, The Way To Dawn: End of Days|Victory is possible, sisters, not by figuring out how to make this an easy process, but by choosing - over and over and over again - the absolute power available through God's truth.
Malik Pommy|Similar to theory of relativity, view towards life changes with passage of time!
Pascal Mercier, Night Train to Lisbon|He had walked on the beach and wished for icy winds to sweep away everything that sounded like mere linguistic habit, a malicious kind of habit that prevented thinking by producing the illusion that it had already taken place and found its conclusion in the hollow words.
James  Prescott, Mosaic Of Grace: God's Beautiful Reshaping Of Our Broken Lives|May we take responsibility for the truth of our lives and challenge others to do the same.May we learn to love and forgive others, even when we know their messes.against us.May we know the truth of how much we are loved and accepted right here,right now, as we are.
A.A. Milne, Winnie-the-Pooh|People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day.
Ally Condie, Crossed|It started to rain. Fat, heavy drops of summer rain - the kind that always struck her as vaguely lewd and debauched. Little potbellied drunkards, those summer raindrops, chortling on their way to earth and crashing open with glee.
Michael Bassey Johnson|There are no boundaries concerning your passion for education. No harm done, no offense given! Those who take education as an ass-suffering task makes it so because they have a phobia for alphabets.
Liz Jensen, The Uninvited|Will it take the rest of my life to process what has happened? I don't know.If Freddy were here, he would say, 'Yet', as per the rules of a playful accord we have concerning unacquired knowledge, whereby if one of us said they didn't know something, the other had to say 'Yet'. And then the other one--usually me--would provide the missing information, or we'd look it up, or just speculate.
Lauren Groff, Fates and Furies|I had often said that I would write, the wives of geniuses I have sat with. I have sat with so many. I have sat with wives who were not wives, of geniuses who were real geniuses. I have sat with real wives of geniuses who were not real geniuses. In short, I have sat very often and very long with many wives and wives of many geniuses.' Gertrude Stein wrote this in the voice of her partner, Alice B. Toklas, Stein being apparently the genius, Alice apparently the wife. 'I am nothing,' Alice said after Gertrude dies, 'but a memory of her.'...the flashing blues and red made him look ill, then well, then ill again...
Vivek Thangaswamy|There are three kinds of people in this world. One say I believe in God. Another say, I don’t believe in God, it doesn’t exist. Third one says, I have my life to live; I don’t want to believe in imaginary stuff in life and I am not here to prove your theory on imagination is wrong or right.
Max Scheler|We must reject entirely the frequently encountered assertion that consciousness is a "primal fact," that one ought not speak of an "origin" of consciousness. The very same laws and motives in accordance with which we think of consciousness' raising itself from one level of reflection to the next will apply when we think of consciousness itself originating out of a preconscious, partly subconscious, partly supraconscious condition of the being of the contents of knowledge. (And the motive is always suffering of some sort, suffering, as we shall see, at the hands of the real being [*Realsein*] which is ecstatically given prior to all consciousness.) Only a very definite historical stage of overreflective bourgeois civilization could make the fact of consciousness the starting point of all theoretical philosophy, without characterizing more exactly the mode of being of this consciousness."―from_Idealism and Realism_
Friedrich Nietzsche, Untimely Meditations|One has to take a somewhat bold and dangerous line with this existence: especially as, whatever happens, we are bound to lose it.
Warren Ellis, Transmetropolitan, Vol. 2: Lust for Life|Think about it; the quicktank is given a job most of us would laugh out of town. Build a sophisticated camera capable of full 3-D input and peripheral pickup, using only water and jelly.Build an eye.
Carrie Fisher|My world was very limited in size and experience. Small things took on extra importance, at least to a child.
Gifford Pinchot|Since the global financial crisis and recession of 2007-2009, criticism of the economics profession has intensified. The failure of all but a few professional economists to forecast the episode - the aftereffects of which still linger - has led many to question whether the economics profession contributes anything significant to society.
Brandon Sanderson, The Way of Kings|Just because I do not accept the teachings of the devotaries does not mean I've discarded a belief in right and wrong." determines what is right!" right? I believe that my own morality -- which answers only to my heart -- is more sure and true than the morality of those who do right only because they fear retribution.
Stephanie May Wilson, Dear Best Friends, Where Are You?|I can’t imagine anything more life-giving, more comforting, or more fun than being curled up andsurrounded by a group of women who know you deeply, and love you relentlessly.
Sharyan Alleyne, Our Lives|Something was wrong. I felt a cold shiver. I didn’t know what at first. Something was just… wrong. I thought of Azrael for some reason, the Imposter, in that cowl, pretending he was Batman. It was that same sick feeling, a crazy kind of panic sparking deep beneath the surface, ready to erupt any second but held in check for the moment by the cold shiver getting colder by the minute.My fingers were so cold… against the warmth of Bruce’s chest… and then the realization came, right underneath those cold fingertips, I knew what was wrong.“When did these heal?” I whispered.
Dan Simmons, Drood|When the last autumn of Dickens's life was over, he continued to work through his final winter and into spring. This is how all of us writers give away the days and years and decades of our lives in exchange for stacks of paper with scratches and squiggles on them. And when Death calls, how many of us would trade all those pages, all that squandered lifetime-worth of painfully achieved scratches and squiggles, for just one more day, one more fully lived and experienced day? And what price would we writers pay for that one extra day spent with those we ignored while we were locked away scratching and squiggling in our arrogant years of solipsistic isolation?Would we trade all those pages for a single hour? Or all of our books for one real minute?
Yotam Ottolenghi, Jerusalem: A Cookbook|HereYou always belonged here.You were theirs, certain as a rock.I’m the one who worriesif I fit in with the furniture and the landscape.	But I “follow too muchthe devices and desires of my own heart.”Already the curves in the roadare familiar to me, and the mountainin all kinds of light, treating all people the same.and when I come over the hill, I see the house, with its generous and firm proportions, smokerising gaily from the chimney.I feel my life start up again, like a cutting when it growsthe first pale and tentativeroot hair in a glass of water.
Ellen DeGeneres|I have a personal ambition to live my life honestly and honor the true love that I've had and also the people I've had around me. I want to stay hopeful, even though I get scared about why we're even alive at all.
Donna Tartt|...life - whatever else it is - is short... maybe even if we're not always so glad to be here, it's our task to immerse ourselves anyway: wade straight through it, right through the cesspool, while keeping eyes and hearts open.
Lao Tzu|The Master doesn't try to be powerful;thus he is truly powerful.The ordinary man keeps reaching for power;thus he never has enough.The Master does nothing,yet he leaves nothing undone.The ordinary man is always ding things,yet many more are left to be done.[…]Therefore the Master concerns himselfWith the depths and not the surface,With the fruit and not the flower.[…]Teaching without words,Performing without actions:That is the Master’s way.[…]The Master arrives without leaving,Sees the light without looking,Achieves without doing a thing.[…]The Master is above the people,And no one feels oppressed.She goes ahead of the people,And no feels manipulated.The whole world is grateful to her.Because she completes with no one,No one can complete with her.
Katie Reus, Deadly Fallout|Confused, she pressed a fist to her mouth to stifle her sobs as her tears came harder.	The door opened and Lucas stood there, bare-chested, a pair of jeans riding low on his lean hips. "Nora? Ah, hell. I hurt you, didn't I?"	He moved into the room and pulled her into his arms, hugging her to his chest. She wanted to fight it, avoid her feelings, but she melted into him, absorbing his warm strength.	"I'm sorry, baby," he murmured.	She shook her head. "you didn't hurt me."	Some of the tension left his muscles. "Well, not to worry, you only hurt me a little, but I'm taking it like a man.
Bram Stoker, Dracula|...My point is, I went crazy. When I saw what a black, awful joke the world was. I went crazy as a coot! I admit it! Why can't you?
Ella Dominguez, Continental Life|He towered over her, as intense and savage as only he could be, making her feel small and delicate in comparison, surrounded by his utter maleness. She felt trapped and she wanted to stay in his cage forever.
Neil Peart|Cerner's focus over the last 20 years has been to provide healthcare, predominately healthcare providers, with advanced clinical and management information systems. Our mission is to connect the appropriate persons, knowledge, and resources at the appropriate time and location to achieve the optimal health outcome.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|A politician, a man engaged in party contests, must be an opportunist. Let us give up saying that word as if it contained a slur. If you want to win in party action, I take it for granted that you want to lure the majority to your side. I never heard of any man in his senses who was fishing for a minority.
Santosh Adbhut Kumar|Don't become so materialistic and mechanized that one day you stop believing in God's created nature and the natural beauty,Enjoy god gifted natural beauty to the fullest as you have only one LIFE!!!
Mark  Rice, Metallic Dreams|Dying is the fastest route to fame for an aspiring rock star. The dead man’s melodies become profound, acquiring deep mystery and rising into a realm beyond the reach of human criticism. In the stopping of a heartbeat, the rocker is transformed from decadent, depraved hedonist into misunderstood genius. Aye, death and musical stardom go together like Scotland and rain.
Pearl Zhu, Thinkingaire: 100 Game Changing Digital Mindsets to Compete for the Future|We are souls of unlimited possibilities, yet limited by our minds!
Karen Gammons, Phoenix|Dorian, I have wings!” “I can see that.” “What am I?” I asked, as chills ran up my spine. “I—I can’t be positive, because I have never seen one. But I think you’re a phoenix,” he said in amazement. “You are so beautiful.
Dr Loretta Scott|You can't help everyone, but.... everyone can help someone.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|The average adult hates being treated like a child, unless it suits them.
Kendare Blake, Anna Dressed in Blood|Awesome . . .” Jared spoke up from the other side of the room. “Ember, the Otherworld's wonder mutt.
Alan Dershowitz|As Henry Dan Piper, one of Fitzgerald's most perceptive critics, has commented, his fiction heroes "are destroyed because they attempt to fulfill themselves through their social relationships. They cannot distinguish between social values like popularity, charm, and success, and the more lasting moral values." Their creator did make that distinction, however, and so was constantly surrounding his characters with a mist of admiration and then blowing it away.
Angie karan|Don't do something for recognition. Do it out of kindness. Do it because out of giving, it will make you whole and complete
Eleanor Brown, The Weird Sisters|Despite his money and his looks and all the good-on-paper attributes he possessed, he was not a reader, and, well, let's just say that is the sort of nonsense up with which we will not put.
Brent  Jones, The Fifteenth of June|If that’s the case, I understand why emotions are hard for you. You’ve numbed yourself to make room for the grief you carry.
Terry Tempest Williams, When Women Were Birds: Fifty-four Variations on Voice|He laid his hands on her head, pushing back the hood. He began to speak. His voice was soft, and the words were in no tongue she had ever heard. The sound of them came into her heart like rain falling. She grew still to listen.
Darko Suvin, Metamorphoses of Science Fiction: On the Poetics and History of a Literary Genre|Complete. What an awful word for an infected people, that final, animal stage that was the future of all of them. Chels swallowed, unsure what to say. “That’s…sad. I didn’t even know he was infected.”Semesz whispered, “He was just infected yesterday. We saw him last night, and he already had mouse whiskers and a tail.
Maggie Georgiana Young, Just Another Number|When an individual is raped in this country, more than 90 percent of the time the rapist gets away with the crime.
Adam Nicolson|We are wanderers, place shifters, the cosmic homeless. This is not a modern truth, and Achilles is not some new kind of existentialist hero. It is the oldest truth of all, surviving uncomfortably into the modern world of cities and overkings, diplomacy and accommodation, the power structures and the proliferation of stuff which the Mediterranean world provides.
Jerusha Anna Philipose|Make your dreams your goals, so that they are a part of you and not just a wish.
Sergei Lukyanenko, Night Watch|Many years ago someone told me something that I flatly refused to accept. And I still don't accept it now, despite all the times I've seen it proved right."The common good and the individual good rarely coincide..."Sure, I know, it's true.But some truths are probably worse than lies.
Felix Alba-Juez, The Perception of Time... and its Measurement|Without causality in the world, there is no point in educating people, or making any moral or political appeal.
Bryn Greenwood, All the Ugly and Wonderful Things|The home is the center of life. It is a refuge from the grind of work, the pressure of school, and the menace of the streets. We say that at home, we can “be ourselves.” Everywhere else, we are someone else. At home, we remove our masks. The home is the wellspring of personhood. It is where our identity takes root and blossoms, where as children, we imagine, play, and question, and as adolescents, we retreat and try. As we grow older, we hope to settle into a place to raise a family or pursue work. When we try to understand ourselves, we often begin by considering the kind of home in which we were raised.
Gayathri Jayakumar|My bridled soul leaps under the pressure of desires,Chained i am by this organic-societal form from galloping freeMy mind heaves me to safety,but heart is ready for doom...An all knowing glance pierced deep through my skinSmiling at my ailing and confused form,Invading my senses, feeding them to the eternal fires...
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Speak well to people; tell them the truth today! If you meet them another day, tell them the same truth! That shows how you can maintain the real character you poses!
Sunday Adelaja|Do not restrain yourself from fellowshipping with people, regardless of their age or status
Clarence Darrow|The fact is, when men carry the same ideals in their hearts, nothing can isolate them - neither prison walls nor the sod of cemeteries. For a single memory, a single spirit, a single idea, a single conscience, a single dignity will sustain them all.
John Dryden|Why is it so hard to get people to study the Scriptures? Common sense tells us what revelation commands: 'Faith comes by hearing, and hearing by the word of God'--'Search the Scriptures'--'Be ready to give to every one a reason of the hope that is in you.' These are the words of the inspired writers, and these injunctions are confirmed by praising those who obey the admonition. And yet, for all that we have the Bible in our houses, we are ignorant of its contents. No wonder that so many Christians know so little about what Christ actually taught; no wonder that they are so mistaken about the faith that they profess.
R. Alan Woods, Apologia: A Collection of Christian Essays|I choose to suppress the initial categories I want to put people in - rich, poor, together, not together, druggie, yuppie, rocker, loser, winner, cool, uncool. I choose to remember that I don't know their struggle or their pain. I choose to err on the side of grace because someday I'll stand before God, and I pray He'll err on the side of grace with me.
Benedict Cumberbatch|Looking for happiness is a sure way to sadness, I think. You have to take each moment as it comes.
Mary B. Morrison|In a world filled with people, some happy, others like me, I feel so all alone.
Dean Del Sesto, Shift Your Thinking: 200 Ways to Improve Your Life|Take the risk, and just be.
John Marsden, The Dead of Night|What's the Future? It's a blank sheet of paper, and we draw lines on it, but sometimes our hand is held, and the lines we draw aren't the lines we wanted.
Norman Davies|If you chase fame, you make bad choices. Being famous isn't interesting.
Zig Ziglar|When I was growing up, I was so fascinated by Mel Blanc and all of the different voices that he did for 'Looney Tunes' and watching Robin Williams record voice-over for the genie in 'Aladdin.' It always seemed to be a major honor - something you have to earn. Like people trust you when they want to have you there without seeing you.
Nathan Myhrvold|Although many people believe that the primary emphasis of my work is about diet, it's not. What we eat is important, of course, but what comes out of our mouth may be more important than what goes into it.
Thiruvalluvar, Thirukkural|Just as the hand rushes involuntarily to protect one's honor in case of accidental state of undress, so does a friend come to his friend's aid without being asked
John Pipkin, The Blind Astronomer's Daughter|Here the sky is wrapped in silk. The breathings of so many men and animals, and the smoke of your coal, and the fog, oh, it is too much. The Paris sky is perfect. A man must see clearly, to see something new.
John Green, Paper Towns|The worse thing I have done in my life is Diary writing.... a wastage of time, wastage of papers filled with some imaginary feelings and bunch of silly activities done each day.... I cant feel any glimpse of appreciable work done by me, as whatever right I did, my Diary says " you were suppose to do it, so it was not a big deal....huhhh..." I passed my last few nights in reading most of its pages.... "I laughed on the lines telling about my saddest moments and nights when I cried….. but I felt woeful and downhearted on the lines telling about the moments when I shared my smile with someone, when I enjoyed the moments with my friends and near and dear ones, who r far and far now, and we can’t get those moments back in this busy selfish life" So now its better in busy life to live evry day and forget it in night.... enjoy life.... save papers.... no diary writing from today..... Sorry Diary, You will Miss Me....
Mahendra Singh Dhoni|I'm not interested in trying to work on people's perceptions. I am who I am, and if you don't take the time to learn about that, then your perception is going to be your problem.
Herman Cain|I do a dance-based cardio workout infused with circuit training, and emphasizing strength and alignment.
V.E. Schwab, A Gathering of Shadows|No one is born a monster. But I wish some people were. It would make it easier to hate them, to kill them, to forget their dead faces.
Robin Hobb, Assassin's Quest|Trees are what paper was, and wants to be.
Tony Schwartz|It’s not possible to move from one activity to the next at blinding speed and be reflective at the same time. The more complex and demanding the work we do, the wider, deeper and longer the perspective we require to do it well. It’s almost impossible to do that when we create no white space in our lives.
George Bernard Shaw|Happiness: a good bank account, a good cook, and a good digestion.
Alan King|If you stop and think about it, nearly all great humor is at the expense of someone or something.
Olga Korbut|Any change, even a change for the better, is always accompanied by drawbacks and discomforts.
Dada Bhagwan|As long one is not able to let go of the insistence on a certain opinion [faith, sect], he has not earned the right for Moksha [Ultimate Liberation]. He is not worthy of Moksha if he is in the sect. He is only worthy of material happiness; he is worthy of a celestial life.
Philippa Gregory, The Other Queen|When a woman thinks her husband is a fool, her marriage is over. They may part in one year or ten; they may live together until death. But if she thinks he is a fool, she will not love him again.
Francis Bacon|Crafty men condemn studies; Simple men admire them; And wise men use them: For they teach not their own use: but that is a wisdom without them, and above them, won by observation.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|A single tiny light creates a space where darkness cannot exist. The light vanquishes the darkness. Try as it might, the darkness cannot conquer the light.
Malala Yousafzai, I Am Malala: The Story of the Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban|Our men think earning money and ordering around others is where power lies. They don't think power is in the hands of the woman who takes care of everyone all day long, and gives birth to their children.
Queen Elizabeth II|When the best leader's work is done the people say, 'We did it ourselves.'
Thomas Hardy|Situation after situation, shape your attitude! Situation after situation change your character!
Kimberly Guilfoyle|Nobody was like, 'Kimberly, we're going to let you anchor general news or host a show or do any of that.' I at first started out doing legal analysis, but I had to make the case to my bosses... give me a shot, give me a chance, and I was able to do that: say, 'Let me fill in. Let me show you my range. Nothing to lose here - it's the holidays.'
Howard Tayler, Under New Management|Judging by the sounds of general panic, I want a gun like that.
Harry Nilsson|I don't care what other critics say, I only hope to be played.
Ezra Taft Benson|I don't like posh hotels. I like small, eclectic hotels, and luxury for me would mean really good company with good food in a really funky, beautiful house in the middle of a field where someone came and serviced the place for us.
Juliet Marillier, Wildwood Dancing|The Religion Of The Blue CircleReligious Leader Petra Cecilia Maria HermansI respect my mission as I respect myself till the end.December 6, 1972 - May 2053
Rivera Sun, Steam Drills, Treadmills and Shooting Stars - a story of our times -|As long as we don't cut off our hearts, the inner workings of the universe illuminate before us.
VicDoo|The best method to make orders, is when you falling into a dream. And then your orders are appeared in life, are they appeared in real life, or they appeared in new life dream.And why, the best method when you are falling into dream?
Nancy Arroyo Ruffin, Letters to My Daughter: A Collection of Short Stories and Poems about Love, Pride, and Identity|I will teach my daughter to color outside the lines, to make mistakes, to take risks, and not be afraid to fail. I will teach her that even when the world tries to knock her down the best revenge is getting up and forging ahead. I will teach her to be brave enough to be different, to stand up for what's right. To never quiet her voice to make someone else feel comfortable. Because no one remembers the person that fits in. It's the one who stands out that people won't be able to forget.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Is your branding serving your needs for positive impact? Is it paving the way for a great first impression on people when they meet you, think of you, speak of you, or even see you on the Internet? If not, it’s time for a change, and it is perfectly within your control.
Sunday Adelaja|Snow is like a wide sea. One could go out and be lost in it and forget the world, and oneself.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you are a giant mountain, you cannot escape from being famous; all that you can do is to pray for the fog to cover you up!
Carl Sagan, The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark|You squeeze the eyedropper, and a drop of pond water drips out onto the microscope stage. You look at the projected image. The drop is full of life - strange beings swimming, crawling, tumbling; high dramas of pursuit and escape, triumph and tragedy. This is a world populated by beings far more exotic than in any science fiction movie...
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We talk out of both corners of our mouth at once. We say we are a Christian nation, but much of our literature, our social practices, our deep interests are not Christian at all. They are totally secular.
Thich Nhat Hanh, Good Citizens: Creating Enlightened Society|I acquired a central ability that was to help me through my entire career: patience. I'm serious. Patience is usually so underrated. I mean, for all these projects, from third grade all the way to eighth grade, I just learned things gradually, figuring out how to put electronic devices together without so much as cracking a book ... I learned to not worry so much about the outcome, but to concentrate on the step I was on and to try to do it as perfectly as I could when I was doing it.
Lauren Groff|And she had pushed, or she hadn't. The result was all the same. There had been no forgiveness for her. But she'd been so very young. And how was it possible, how could parents do this? How could she not have been forgiven?
Amit Kalantri|Count the deed, not the thought.
John Corey Whaley, Highly Illogical Behavior|Jealous of the crazy gay kid. That doesn't sound right.""Hey, Sol," she said, her tone getting serious for a second. "Those are two things about you out of a million. Don't box yourself in.
Michele Bardsley, Don't Talk Back To Your Vampire|There's something I gotta tell you," he said in a confidential tone as he leaned toward her. His face was close to hers, too close. He was making her uncomfortable again, as he no doubt intended. That notion stiffened her spine. "What?" she all but snapped. "I had a major case of the hots for you when I was in high school. I still do.
Debasish Mridha|Love is a magnetic force, you can't see it, but it can pull you toward the beloved.
C. JoyBell C.|Some people are farsighted and some people are nearsighted. In the mind and in the heart. A farsighted person forgets your magic the closer that you get to them; the nearsighted person sees your magic more and more, the closer and closer that you become to them. You've got to find the nearsighted people. That's just a rule in life. And you've got to be one, too.
Augusta DeJuan Hathaway|If we're afraid to be ourselves, then who are we? Where's there left to hide?But if we could concur that fear, we just might be strong, powerful. We just might be unstoppable.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Cursed Child - Parts One and Two|HARRY: Voldemort is going to kill my mum and dad — and there’s nothing I can do to stop him.DRACO: That’s not true. SCORPIUS: Dad, now is not the time . . . ALBUS: There is something you could do — to stop him. But you won’t. DRACO: That’s heroic. GINNY takes HARRY’s hand. GINNY: You don’t have to watch, Harry. We can go home. HARRY: I’m letting it happen . . . Of course I have to watch. HERMIONE: Then we’ll all witness it. RON: We’ll all watch.
Shannon L. Alder|If you truly loved someone and they couldn't be in your life you won't hurt them. You will pray for them. You will hope that they find their happiness and place in this world. You will want them to have the best life because love isn't about possession, fear or desperation. When you have a grasp on eternity you don't need to feel time is running out. Time is all you have. Love isn’t a game of musical chairs--grab a partner and sit down. It is a search for the right fit for your soul and life purpose. In a life that never ends you will either find the one that sees you as much as you see them, 0r who knows? Maybe, if there are such things as soulmates, God will introduce you, but keep you far enough apart, until each of you fulfill something more important for your growth or God’s plan. Regardless, when you can face eternity alone you will know what true love is and that letting go is not an insult to your soul. You can smile because the person you loved has your blessings of protection with them and God has your best interest also in mind. You will find that person to complete you because God wants you to, as much as you do.
Abhijit Naskar, Wise Mating: A Treatise on Monogamy|Polygamy is a luxury of the cave-people, and monogamy is an existential responsibility of the civilized society.
John Halstead, Godless Paganism: Voices of Non-Theistic Pagans|I sing to you of the deities of the Dictyostelidal slime molds, sexless and strange, at once a thousand voices and one song united. I sing to you of hard times when the wood has rotted away and the sun bakes the earth, and while as individuals we die, together we thrive. The divinities ask for sacrifice, the thousand voices demand it. Those who die to give life to the others, who raise up the new generation so that they may spread far and wide—these become a part of that sacred host, their voices immortalized not in cells but in spirit." - Lupa, "The Forgotten Gods of Nature
Sunday Adelaja|Do people look the same when they get to heaven?""I don't know. I don't think so.""Then how do people recognize each other?""I don't know, sweetie."She sounded tired."They just feel it.You don't need your eyes to love,right? You just feel it inside you. That's how it is in heaven. It's just love, and no one forgets who they love.
Jim George|If you need a guide for your ongoing relationship with God, read Psalms.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|Husbands and wives always loved each other, and that was what marriage meant. It was just so. Janie felt glad of the thought, for then it wouldn't seem so destructive and mouldy. She wouldn't be lonely anymore.
Enock Maregesi|Kuna nguzo saba ambazo hazina budi kuzingatiwa kama unataka kuheshimiwa na kuwaheshimu wengine. Kwanza kabisa jitambue: wewe ni nani na unafanya nini hapa duniani. Halafu, kabla ya kusema jambo lolote kwa mtu yoyote fikiria kwanza maana au madhara ya hilo unalotaka kulisema. Kisha jifunze tamaduni mbalimbali na watendee wengine kama vile unavyotaka kutendewa au kama vile wanavyotaka kutendewa. Jifunze kusamehe na kusuluhisha migogoro katika jamii unamoishi huku ukidumisha heshima na utu kwa binadamu wenzako. Jijengee imani kwa watu, punguza upendeleo, fanya kazi kama timu kwani hakuna ‘mimi’ katika umoja ila kuna ‘sisi’, na jitahidi kwa kadiri ya uwezo wako WOTE kwa manufaa ya wote. Kuwa kiongozi katika kila jambo unalofanya na katika kila kitu unachofanya. Jitahidi kufanya jambo au kitu kwa usahihi kwa kadiri utakavyoweza.
Cristina Marrero, The Unsung Love Story|For the first time in my life, I said the words, “I need a drink.
Brian Keene, Ghost Walk|Levi," Maria called. "Come back. We're not finished yet."He paused"What, Maria?""You asked me what I believe in? I believed in you."He nodded his head sadly. "Yes, you did. And before you met me, you believed in nothing. But that's the thing with belief, Maria. It's easy to believe in something when it doesn't require anything from you. It's much harder, though, when the object of your belief requires something of you or asks for something you don't want to give. That's when real belief occurs.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|To go to heaven, fully to enjoy God, is infinitely better than the most pleasant accommodations here.
Lorna Jane Cook, Outside Wonderland|It’s been a long, rocky life, with plenty of possibility but too much human ugliness.
Coco Chanel|Whoever said that money can't buy happiness, simply didn't know where to go shopping
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|Given the same honor and dignity as men, women can build a much better and more harmonious world.
Rob Dyrdek|I believe wholeheartedly in marriage. I don't exclusively mean a marriage with a legal contract, but any relationship that constitutes a marriage because of the quality of their relationship.
Roxy Boroughs, Letting Go|What I remember most about those days is how happy we all were. When I think back on my life growing up on Terra d’Amore, tides of warm memories wash over me like the waves of the Mediterranean. Our little farm, nestled in the hills and valleys of Montecalvo just outside Bologna, was idyllic. Indeed, it was an Italian paradise...a veritable heaven.
Joyce Meyer|The Spirit of God draws or leads the sinner from one phase to another, gradually, in proportion as one is found having a disposition to responsive hearing. Grace flows ordinarily from prevenient grace through the grace of baptism through the grace of justification toward sanctifying grace leading toward consummation in glory. The power by which one cooperates with grace is grace itself. In this way God draws all to himself, eliciting a hunger for righteousness and a desire for truth.
Nick Vujicic, Life Without Limits|Without trust in the possibilities for your life, where would you be? Where would any of us be? Our hopes for the future give us momentum.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurosutra: The Abhijit Naskar Collection|The very first few days when you actually start having symptoms of falling for someone special, are the days of heavenly bliss and unreasonable madness. This specific “madness” is one of the most rudimentary elements of the foundation of love. Along comes “Euphoria”. It feels like you have grown wings and you can fly around without a single care in the world. Everything starts to seem beautiful and better. The sun shines a bit brighter and the birds twitter a little louder and sweeter. As if you are stuck in an enchanting dream. You get butterflies in your stomach whenever the special person casts a blazing gaze upon you. And off course you all know about the thumping of heart and dilation of pupils.
Charlotte Eriksson|The final magnificent spark of a firework is only the last seconds of the fall. Though it’s invisible to most, it’s the way up that creates all the impact. 
Lailah Gifty Akita|The more you learn, the more you know there is still alot more to learn't
Yasmin Mogahed|Tear your heart out of your chest. And hand it to God. There is no other healing. I swear, there is no other healing.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|We exercise kindness in any moment when we recognize our shared humanity—with all the hopes, dreams, joys, disappointments, vulnerability, and suffering that implies.
Galileo Galilei|First, however, I must deal with the matter of Jesus, the so-called savior, who not long ago taught new doctrines and was thought to be a son of God. This savior, I shall attempt to show, deceived many and caused them to accept a form of belief harmful to the well-being of mankind. Taking its root in the lower classes, the religion continues to spread among the vulgar: nay, one can even say it spreads because of its vulgarity and the illiteracy of its adherents. And while there are a few moderate, reasonable, and intelligent people who interpret its beliefs allegorically, yet it thrives in its purer form among the ignorant.
Oscar Wilde|Never forget what you are, for surely the world will not. Make it your strength. Then it can never be your weakness. Armour yourself in it, and it will never be used to hurt you.
J.D. Salinger|One of the few things left in the world, aside from the world itself, that sadden me every day is an awareness that you get upset if Boo Boo or Walt tells you you're saying something that sounds like me. You sort of take it as an accusation of piracy, a little slam at your individuality. Is it so bad that we sometimes sound like each other? The membrane is so thin between us. Is it so important for us to keep in mind which is whose... For us, doesn't each of our individualities begin right at the point where we own up to our extremely close connections and accept the inevitability of borrowing one another's jokes, talents, idiocies?
Michelle Cuevas, Confessions of an Imaginary Friend|Life presents itself as a continual deception, in small matters as well as in great. If it has promised, it does not keep its word, unless to show how little desirable the desired object was; hence we are deluded now by hope, now by what was hoped for. If it has given, it did so in order to take. The enchantment of distance shows us paradises that vanish like optical illusions, when we have allowed ourselves to be fooled by them. Accordingly, happiness lies always in the future, or else in the past, and the present may be compared to a small dark cloud driven by the wind over the sunny plain; in front of and behind the cloud everything is bright, only it itself always casts a shadow. Consequently, the present is always inadequate, but the future is uncertain, and the past irrecoverable.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Time, it transpires, is not so good at telling after all.
L.A. Kuehlke, Delirium|Hauntingly active as they share space with the living, the dead refuse to give up their undead residency.
Colin Firth|Be more concerned with character than reputation. Character is what you are, reputation is what people think you are.
Usain Bolt|Maybe because I am from a sports background, I don't give up easily. I am a fighter.
Helena Hunting, Hooking Up|She's my sun and I'm her moon connected by an invisible thread, bound but free.
Susanna Clarke, Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell|But the other Ministers considered that to employ a magician was one thing, novelists were quite another and they would not stoop to it.
Mary Pierce|I've had one very bad ankle injury but otherwise I've been incredibly lucky with my fitness. I've worked hard at it and I've always been fit even compared to other players. That sustains you through various parts of your career, but I am 36.
C.G. Jung, The Red Book: Liber Novus|My soul, where are you? Do you hear me? I speak, I call you - are you there? I have returned, I am here again. I have shaken the dust of all the lands from my feet, and I have come to you, I am with you. After long years of long wandering, I have come to you again. Should I tell you everything I have seen, experienced, and drunk in? Or do you not want to hear about all the noise of life and the world? But one thing you must know: the one thing I have learned is that one must live this life. Do you still know me? How long the separation lasted! Everything has become so different. And how did I find you? How strange my journey was! What words should I use to tell you on what twisted paths a good star has guided me to you? Give me your hand, my almost forgotten soul. How warm the joy at seeing you again, you long disavowed soul. Life has led me back to you. Let us thank the life I have lived for all the happy and all the sad hours, for every joy, for every sadness. My soul, my journey should continue with you. I will wander with you and ascend to my solitude.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The mind, the body and the soul enfolds in divinity of spirit.
James Clavell, Shōgun|Listen, if you want peace you must learn to drink cha from an empty cup.
Sanhita Baruah|For grief has always been so dear to you that you would make me writhing in pain in the brothel of your imaginations than to be playing with a bunch of balloons in the yard where I should have been.""And may be that's why, you'd rather talk to me about this, than to write a story about me where I could live happily.
Oliver Herford, The Kitten's Garden of Verses|Cats, no less liquid than their shadows,Offer no angles to the wind.They slip, diminished, neat, through loopholesLess than themselves.
Debasish Mridha|In this loveless world, you’re my endless love.
G.S. Jennsen, Relativity|I am the scent that he will follow always, hunting for God.
Dave Reichert|Indeed, the most important product of knowledge is ignorance.
Rolf Harris|Now, personally, I like a car with some sort of character.
Orson Scott Card|She had always thought that if only people could communicate mind-to-mind, eliminating the ambiguities of language, then understanding would be perfect and there'd be no more needless conflicts. Instead she had discovered that rather than magnifying differences between people, language might just as easily soften them, minimize them, smooth things over so that people could get along even though they really didn't understand each other. The illusion of comprehension allowed people to think they were more alike than they really were. Maybe language was better.
Leon F. Litwack|But in the earlier hours, or so I have read, they still have got their daylight minds. It takes the midnight mind to do the black deed to the black man.
Richard Baxter, The Reformed Pastor|To live among such excellent helps as our libraries afford, to have so many silent wise companions whenever we please.
Kevin Dalton|I've still got the bible, I stole that night from my revival. From some hotel on 35.
Kenny Wayne Fields|You can't get away from yourself, or can you? So why are you trying to...
Stephanie Kingsmore|Figuring out what you want in life is hard, having the courage to full fill it is even harder!
David G. McAfee|And that’s basically the end of this story. I know it sounds unbelievable and all. And I’m not saying I can explain all the time travel parts or the magical tattoo parts. You may not even believe me. That’s okay, though. I know it happened and that’s all that counts.
Laurie Penny|We can have everything we want as long as what we want is a life spent searching for exhausting work that doesn't pay enough, shopping for things we don't need and sticking to a set of social and sexual rules that turn out, once you plough through the layers of trash and adverts, to be as rigid as ever.
Caliban Darklock|He didn’t have regular email like everyone else. He couldn’t afford that digital fingerprint that the NSA, the CIA, the FBI and all the other espionage alphabeticals counted on for their privacy-bashing surveillance of the entire formerly free world.
Todd M. Fink, Biblical Discipleship: Essential Components for Attaining Spiritual Maturity|The follower aspires with all his strength to be what he admires. And then, remarkably enough, even though he lives amongst a 'Christian people,' he incurs the same peril as he did when it was dangerous to openly confess Christ. And because of the follower's life, it will become evident who the admirers are, for the admirers will become agitated with him. Even these words will disturb many - but then they must likewise belong to the admirers.
Dwyane Wade|I was never one of those surly teenagers who doesn't smile. My lovely godfather said it was always lovely to see me because I was the only teenager who smiled. And I was so in awe of him, I thought it was one of the best things anyone had ever said to me. So it made me want to live up to what he said.
Chris Smith, The Daily Show: An Oral History as Told by Jon Stewart, the Correspondents, Staff and Guests|LIZZ WINSTEAD Instead of Jon playing a character—the news anchor, one of the derelicts in a derelict world of media—Jon made a creative decision to take the show in the direction of the correspondents presenting the idiocy, and then Jon is the person who calls out the idiocy with the eloquence that the viewer wishes they had. And he did it in a way that’s not condescending, it’s not smug. It’s funny, it’s emotional, it’s calling out bullshit. So Jon became the voice of the audience.
Cat Clarke, A Kiss in the Dark|To the attention of the New Fiddleham Police Department: You've got my middle-C, and I would like it back....Please return Jackaby's tuning fork. He's getting even more obnoxious than usual.
Ken Jennings|The mind when it has an old experience will add that data into its current experience, and it keeps coming up with wrong answers.
Richard Saul Wurman, Information Anxiety|Information is information, not matter or energy.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|To be truly satisfied that your life is well-lived, the object of your passion is something you feel you must be, do, or have. What lights your fire?
Molly Ivins, Molly Ivins Can't Say That, Can She?|Margaret Atwood, the Canadian novelist, once asked a group of women at a university why they felt threatened by men. The women said they were afraid of being beaten, raped, or killed by men. She then asked a group of men why they felt threatened by women. They said they were afraid women would laugh at them.
Katharine Hepburn|If you want to sacrifice the admiration of many men for the criticism of one, go ahead, get married.
Scilla Elworthy|While conscience is our friend, all is at peace; however once it is offended, farewell to a tranquil mind.
Garth Greenwell, What Belongs to You|And though her husband will appear to come alive, she knows that it is lust - too quickly ignited and too quickly extinguished - that animates him.
R. A. Delmonico|[I]f God as a subject is the determined, while the quality, the predicate, is determining, then in truth the rank of the godhead is due not to the subject, but to the predicate.
Diane Dettmann, Twenty-Eight Snow Angels: A Widow's Story of Love, Loss and Renewal|I realized, it is not the time that heals, but what we do within that time that creates positive change.
Balfour Stewart|It must have appeared almost as improbable to the earlier geologists, that the laws of earthquakes should one day throw light on the origin of mountains, as it must to the first astronomers, that the fall of an apple should assist in explaining the motions of the moon.
Brian Klemmer, The Compassionate Samurai: Being Extraordinary in an Ordinary World|Successful people do not have a part-time mindset nor a full-time mindset, but a lifetime mindset.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Human, All Too Human|A degree of culture, and assuredly a very high one, is attained when man rises above superstitions and religious notions and fears, and, for instance, no longer believes in guardian angels or in original sin, and has also ceased to talk of the salvation of his soul.
Fakeer Ishavardas|If you cannot insult a god, you yet do not "get" God.
Thomas Aquinas, Summa Theologiae: A Concise Translation|God is not, like creatures, made up of parts. God is spirit, without bodily dimensions. Firstly, no body can cause change without itself being changed. Secondly, things with dimensions are potential of division. But the starting-point for all existence must be wholly real and not potential in any way: though things that get realized begin as potential, preceding them is the source of their realization which must already be real. Thirdly, living bodies are superior to other bodies; and what makes a body living is not the dimensions which make it a body (for then everything with dimensions would be living), but something more excellent like a soul. The most excellent existent of all then cannot be a body. So when the scriptures ascribe dimensions to God they are using spatial extension to symbolize the extent of God's power; just as they ascribe bodily organs to God as metaphors for their functions, and postures like sitting or standing to symbolize authority or strength.
Rennie St. James, Azimuth|A dream is a strange thing. Pictures appear with terrifying clarity, the minutest details engraved like pieces of jewelry, and yet we leap unawares through huge abysses of time and space. Dreams seem to be controlled by wish rather than reason, the heart rather than the head–and yet, what clever, tricky convolutions my reason sometimes makes while I’m asleep! Things quite beyond comprehension happen to reason in dreams!
Leo Rosten|There always seem to be very rich people, no matter how poor the country,” Thenoclon said.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Holy words, Holy faith.
Floyd Mayweather, Jr.|For truly it is to be noted, that children's plays are not sports, and should be deemed as their most serious actions.
Ryan Holmes|Less than two weeks before my 34th birthday, I bought pots. Most people were amazed that I did not previously own pots, but that was before I explained that I had never used my oven, and used my stovetop for my dishrack.
Sunday Adelaja|•	Scientific and medical studies, research or evidence is either distorted and misrepresented, or disputed or outright ignored by opponents whose views are threatened by the facts, in public shows of articles, statements, websites and even legislation. Scientific facts are ignored or dismissed as being ‘a liberal agenda’ or ‘merely propaganda’.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|1862 ...although we can judge that an act is in itself a grave offense, we must entrust judgment of persons to the justice and mercy of God.
Mary Barfoot|..the women's movement never left the father Dick's side....We got a share of genocide profits and we love it...If we're Dick's sister and want what he has gotten, then in the end we support that system that he got it all from.
Abeer Allan|So get up, pretty woman!And from your beautifully shaped body don’t be ashamedFor we are meant to be different,Rounded shapes and squaredWe come in a small, medium and a large sizeAnd to each there is still a wide rangeThis is to create a beautiful portrait for the eyesAnd we are not supposed to please the “media-thinking” and change!So woman up!Whether your size is infinity-X large or infinity-X SmallIn love with “you” you should fallDon’t let them and their meaningless words or shallow looksMake you lose it allAs to this nature you belong,The beach, the mountains, the oceansAnd the colorful life this mother earth has to giveSo embrace this with your body and soulNo matter how they evolve…For as long as you live!
Vinnie Tortorich|Exercise is a great leveler. It doesn't matter how rich you are, you can't just buy your way into a great body. You have to do the work. I find that comforting. It's one of the few things in life where we're all on a level playing field.
Erich Fromm, The Art of Loving|The faculty to think objectively is reason; the emotional attitude behind reason is that of humility. To be objective, to use one's reason, is possible only if one has achieved an attitude of humility, if one has emerged from the dreams of omniscience and omnipotence which one has as a child.
Paul Kalanithi, When Breath Becomes Air|There's a kind of pressure that your own life muscles onto you, to do something just like you would do, to behave just like yourself.
Stanley Hauerwas|If we are too friendly to nice, decent bishops, we run the risk of buying into the fiction that there's something virtuous about believing things because of faith rather than because of evidence. We run the risk of betraying scientific enlightenment.
Sidney Poitier|If my father had hugged me even once, I'd be an accountant right now.
Jennifer Cox, Around the World in 80 Dates|But in the dynamic space of the living Rocket, the double integral has a different meaning. To integrate here is to operate on a rate of change so that time falls away: change is stilled..."Meters per second" will integrate to "meters." The moving vehicle is frozen, in space, to become architecture, and timeless. It was never launched. It never did fall.
Robert G. Ingersoll|Nearly all people stand in great horror of annihilation, and yet to give up your individuality is to annihilate yourself. Mental slavery is mental death, and every man who has given up his intellectual freedom is the living coffin of his dead soul.
Elizabeth Blackburn|I have a slight addiction to Diet Coke, and, of course, I absolutely shouldn't touch it because it makes the kidneys work really hard.
Roy L. Pickering Jr., Patches Of Grey|When he spoke of love, it was in the manner of someone who can recite a phrase in a foreign language but has no idea what it means. He only knows that it sounds pretty.
Terry Pratchett, Soul Music|She got on with her education. In her opinion, school kept on trying to interfere with it.
Robert Louis Stevenson|I was married to someone who wanted me to change. Become more adult, more responsible. I began not to like myself, not like what I do. I lost my identity. Everything began collapsing around me.
Jim Highsmith, Agile Project Management: Creating Innovative Products|The creator of Bambi was secretly writing pornographic novels on the side. This single fact tells you everything you need to know about turn-of-the-century Vienna, and why it was the perfect place for Sigmund Freud and his far-fetched theories about the human psyche.
Darrel Ray, Sex & God: How Religion Distorts Sexuality|Today, Islam effectively resists secularization primarily because of its use of shame. Within the community, each person's sexuality is tied to his or her family and to the community. To violate the sexual rules of Allah violates both the family and the community. This powerful distortion allows Islam to remain isolated from secular sexual influences. The terror of social sanction or violence keeps young people from following their heart. It prevents healthy sexual exploration and development in men and women.
Paul Gitwaza|Out here, the open night is my church, the trees are my congregation, the stars are my angels and the moon is the only god that I know.
Etgar Keret, The Seven Good Years|Me, when it comes to religion, I have no God. When I'm cool, I don't need anyone, and when I'm feeling shitty and this big empty hole opens up inside me, I just know there's never been a god that could fill it and there never will be.
Matt K. Turner, GENESIS|I’ll ask you to look at the ships arrayed against you and consider what weaponry they might possess. Weaponry strong enough to crack your hulls? I know what weaponry you bring to bear, and I assure you it will not crack ours. “Are you willing to risk the lives of thousands under your command to find out? Are you willing to risk your own life?”The silence hung across space like a shroud.“This is not over, Admiral Solovy.”“That is the first true thing you’ve said today.
Adam Gopnik|I have a good imagination. Look, I know what it feels like to have a broken heart. I know what it feels like to feel something for somebody. I'm just too weird to be in a relationship.
Ehab Atalla, The Secrets of Business|The more businesses you have, the less work you do.
Marilyn Manson, The Long Hard Road Out of Hell|The biggest sin in Satanism is not murder, nor is it kindness. It is stupidity.
Sarah Dessen, What Happened to Goodbye|You want to take me to a movie?" I asked. "Well, not really," he said. "What I really want is for you to be my girlfriend. But I thought saying that might scare you off.
James  Jones, From Here to Eternity|...Surely the Board knows what democracy is. It is the line that forms on the right. It is the don’t in don’t shove. It is the hole in the stuffed shirt through which the sawdust slowly trickles; it is the dent in the high hat. Democracy is the recurrent suspicion that more than half the peopleare right more than half the time. It is the feeling of privacy in the voting booths,the feeling of communion in the libraries, the feeling of vitality everywhere. Democracy is a letter to the editor. Democracy is the score at the beginning of the ninth. It is an idea which hasn’t been disproved yet, a song the words of which have not gone bad. It’s the mustard on the hot dog and the cream in the rationed coffee.
Mev Puleo, The Struggle Is One: Voices and Visions of Liberation|I think both Protestants and Catholics have killed the woman for the sake of the mother. (Rubem Alves, p. 201)
Swami Dhyan Giten|Give the child a taste of meditation by creating a climate and atmosphere of love, acceptance and silence.
Patricia Hamill, Fearless|There are seasons in our lives when we stand emotionally vulnerable, naked, affronted, without hope and broken. What of these dark difficult times? It’s in these moments of deep humility and brokenness that exposes us for who we are. Adversity is a litmus test of our spirit. Don’t begrudge it. It’s where God does his greatest work. When you come out on the other side, and you will, you’ll receive the gift of knowing exactly who you are and what you’re truly made of and that’s a small price to pay… if you stop and really think about it. ~Jason Versey
Soman Chainani, The School for Good and Evil|Within a neoliberal discourse there is also an assumption that all social groups will ultimately benefit from the effects of corporate profit, regardless of the fact that in increases the wealth of the already wealthy. Yet, in reality, neoliberal agendas aim to reduce labour costs, decrease public expenditure and make work more flexible...For poor families and the working poor, this means that they are more likely to be exploited as their incomes remain low, and their ability to access services is increasingly compromised.
John Hodge, Collaborators|Don't worry," he would say, smiling. "Dying is much more difficult than one imagines.
Bill Barich|The writer's life: Hard days, lots of work, no money, too much silence. Nobody's fault. You chose it. 
Emer O'Toole, Girls Will Be Girls: Dressing Up, Playing Parts and Daring to Act Differently|our society is unequal, and bodily difference is used to justify that inequality.
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|As more people have found the courage to break through shame and speak about woundedness in their lives, we are now subjected to a mean-spirited cultural response, where all talk of woundedness is mocked. The belittling of anyone's attempt to name a context within which they were wounded, were made a victim, is a form of shaming. It is psychological terrorism. Shaming breaks our hearts. All individuals who are genuinely seeking well-being within a healing context realize that it is important to that process not to make being a victim a stance of pride or a location from which to simply blame others. We need to speak our shame and our pain courageously in order to recover. Addressing woundedness is not about blaming others; however, it does allow individuals who have been, and are, hurt to insist on accountability and responsibility both from themselves and from those who were the agents of their suffering as well as those who bore witness. Constructive confrontation aids our healing.
Jay Woodman, Following Father|If liberty sang a song, little,as the larynx of a bird,nowhere would there remain a tumbling wall.
David Foster Wallace, The Broom of the System|Honesty must sometimes be taken in small measure, like a bitter medicine.
Chang-rae Lee, On Such a Full Sea|What hasty preperations we make for our future. Think of it: it seems almost tragic, the things we’re sure we ought to bring along. We pack too heavy with what we hope we’ll use, and too light of what we must. We thus go forth misladen, ill equipped for the dawn.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whatever is worthy of adventure, can only be experienced.
Jean Cocteau, The Difficulty of Being|That's the most terrible thing about being a child; you're convinced that it's all your fault." Lulu
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|What we had actually demonstrated was our cowardice, but there is fellowship in that too.
Cameron Conaway, Caged: Memoirs of a Cage-Fighting Poet|If pain is a pot of boiling water, humor can be the rising steam.
John C. Wright, Transhuman and Subhuman: Essays on Science Fiction and Awful Truth|Orcs do not have enemies.” Monde tried to search for the proper term, “We have…adversaries.”“Isn’t that the same thing?”“Depends on who’s winning the war.
David Guterson, East of the Mountains|Death does not mark the end of a chapter in a man’s life, but the end of a book of man, the beautiful conclusion to his yearnings.
Auliq Ice|Our communities basically want the same things—safe, clean environments; affordable, adequate housing and transportation; educational opportunities; accessible, quality health care; meaningful work at a fair wage; and equitable services for everyone. So, in the spirit of warmth and energy that our campfire metaphor brings, I invite each of you to be the spark that ignites your community to be safer, healthier, and fairer—and fired up for change.
Elizabeth Thornton|Empowerment isn't a buzzword among leadership gurus. It's a proven technique where leaders give their teams the appropriate training, tools, resources, and guidance to succeed.
David Sadler|I am familiar with the phrase, ‘needle in a haystack’ and I think I understand its meaning more than I wish to.
Angie Thomas, The Hate U Give|I’ve seen it happen over and over again: a black person gets killed just for being black, and all hell breaks loose. I’ve Tweeted RIP hashtags, reblogged pictures on Tumblr, and signed every petition out there. I always said that if I saw it happen to somebody, I would have the loudest voice, making sure the world knew what went down.Now I am that person, and I’m too afraid to speak.
Scott Hastie|A permanent pathThat, once illuminated,Goes ever onward – a way home…
Joseph Pulitzer|Ignorance is no excuse, it's the real thing.
Will Adolphy|And now that this body is gone and has been returned to the Earth, I assure everyone that psychic energy doesn’t die, it is recycled throughout the universe and will out live anything that we do as living beings. Flesh will decay, ideas won’t as long as you believe in them and someone believes in you.
James Joyce, A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man|Musicians do not have to be believed in. We do not have to be trusted. Our Music speaks for itself without the listener having to know anything about us. Music touches people's emotions in a way that nothing else can. When people find a musician they like, they are usually fans for Life. If they like the musician and his Music, they will open up their hearts to whatever that musician has to say. It matters not what country the musician or the fan comes from. Music is a language that all understand. It goes beyond and breaks down barriers. This makes the musician very powerful, and with power comes responsibility.
Donna Lynn Hope|There was once a spirited feral mustang broken in by her stern rider. It was a harmonious relationship for the most part but, like any relationship, she tested the boundaries he placed on her and threw him...Would the rider, having suffered his own wound, retaliate, discipline or forgive?
Mehmet Murat ildan|There are things we do automatically, our body, acting on its own, avoids inconvenience whenever possible, that is why we sleep on the eve of battle or execution, and why ultimately we die when we can no longer bear the harsh light of existence.
Toni Morisson|TO ALL MANKINDSpeak kind wordsto mankindand the unkindwill attack you.Speak common senseusing any of your senses,and you will be attacked bythe senseless.Speak truth,and you will be attacked bythe untruthful.Speak about absolutely nothing,and absolutely nothingwill speak back,but then nothing at allwill ever change.
Ayn Rand|Whatever their future, at the dawn of their lives, men seek a noble vision of man's nature and of life's potential.
Generation Kill|The Word is alive. We have always known it. But it needs to be uttered, aloud or in the mind of a reader. Without a consciousness to tickle them into life, those books were dead.
Tim O'Brien, The Things They Carried|Nico wasn't sure whether to kick himself or Will Solace. If he hadn’t been so distracted bickering with the son of Apollo, he would never have allowed the enemy to get so close.
Christmas Humphreys, The Buddhist Way Of Life|If you will call your troubles experiences, and remember that every experience develops some latent force within you, you will grow vigorous and happy, however adverse your circumstances may seem to be.
Tim Wu, The Attention Merchants: The Epic Scramble to Get Inside Our Heads|As one might gather from a painting of him scowling in a tall stovepipe hat, Day saw himself as a businessman, not a journalist. ''He needed a newspaper not to reform, not to arouse, but to push the printing business of Benjamin H. Day.''Day's idea was to try selling a paper for a penny - the going price for many everyday items, like soap or brushes. At that price, he felt sure he could capture a much larger audience than his 6-cent rivals. But what made the prospect risky, potentially even suicidal, was that Day would then be selling his paper at a loss. What day was contemplating was a break with the traditional strategy for making profit: selling at a price higher than the cost of production. He would instead rely on a different but historically significant business model: reselling the attention of his audience, or advertising. What Day understood-more firmly, more clearly than anyone before him-was that while his readers may have thought themselves his customers, they were in fact his product.
Barbara Michaels, The Sea King's Daughter|We all remember epochs in our experience when some dear expectation dies, or some new motive is born.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Most times, success does not come as tiny droplets of showers freely falling on every roof; it comes in heavy flows like a stream. Use the bigger dream barrels!
Catherine Gilbert Murdock, Dairy Queen|God never gives you more than you can handle. It's your choice on how you deal with what he gives you. You can either grow from it, or you can lie down and give up.
Vea Dreamer|I just could not leave the people who ever fill my heart. But if people leave, well, like today myself. That's why I'm afraid to get acquainted with a lot of people because I'm afraid of losing a lot of people too. In reality I always get acquainted with many people, how is this?
C.S. Lewis|I did not see Pirahã teenagers moping, sleeping in late, refusing to accept responsibility for their own actions, or trying out what they considered to be radically new approaches to life. They in fact are highly productive and conformist members of their community in the Pirahã sense of productivity (good fishermen, contributing generally to the security, food needs, and other aspects of the physical survival of the community). One gets no sense of teenage angst, depression, or insecurity among the Pirahã youth. They do not seem to be searching for answers. They have them. And new questions rarely arise.
John Lydon, Anger is an Energy: My Life Uncensored|Nowhere do “politicians” form a more separate and powerful section of the nation than precisely in North America. There, each of the two major parties which alternatively succeed each other in power is itself in turn controlled by people who make a business of politics, who speculate on seats in the legislative assemblies of the Union as well as of the separate states, or who make a living by carrying on agitation for their party and on its victory are rewarded with positions. It is well known how the Americans have been trying for thirty years to shake off this yoke, which has become intolerable, and how in spite of it all they continue to sink ever deeper in this swamp of corruption. It is precisely in America that we see best how there takes place this process of the state power making itself independent in relation to society, whose mere instrument it was originally intended to be. Here there exists no dynasty, no nobility, no standing army, beyond the few men keeping watch on the Indians, no bureaucracy with permanent posts or the right to pensions. And nevertheless we find here two great gangs of political speculators, who alternately take possession of the state power and exploit it by the most corrupt means and for the most corrupt ends – and the nation is powerless against these two great cartels of politicians, who are ostensibly its servants, but in reality dominate and plunder it.
Neel Burton, The Meaning of Madness|A more fundamental problem with labelling human distress and deviance as mental disorder is that it reduces a complex, important, and distinct part of human life to nothing more than a biological illness or defect, not to be processed or understood, or in some cases even embraced, but to be ‘treated’ and ‘cured’ by any means possible—often with drugs that may be doing much more harm than good. This biological reductiveness, along with the stigma that it attracts, shapes the person’s interpretation and experience of his distress or deviance, and, ultimately, his relation to himself, to others, and to the world. Moreover, to call out every difference and deviance as mental disorder is also to circumscribe normality and define sanity, not as tranquillity or possibility, which are the products of the wisdom that is being denied, but as conformity, placidity, and a kind of mediocrity.
Craig Ferguson|The world can be such a fright, but it belongs to us tonight.
Angelica Hopes|And suddenly, in the place of the woman-shape made of shadow, there was something else. Something huge, something ugly. Linay flung up both hands. The thing screamed like a hawk and opened to wings: one white as a death cap, one clotted in shadow. The wings came together and the whole pond shuddered.Something hit Kate's ear and shoulder and smashed to the deck by her feet. It was a swallow, dead. She could hear them falling all over the pond.
Mikko Hypponen|Democracy is interactive... It's a constant job of information, education, explanation, listening, and interactive communication.
Gena Showalter|Don't know. Never let a wolf near my neck." He grinned and gave me a quick hug. "I love you, Essie. Before you came into my life, I had considered ending myself. Three hundred years is a long time to be alone. You've given me hope, a career as a drag queen and a dysfunctional family. I am supremely grateful. Bite me."And because I trusted him....I did.
Sigmund Freud|One day, in retrospect, the years of struggle will strike you as the most beautiful.
Wayne Dyer|The most effective way to do it, is to do it.
Alysia Abbott, Fairyland: A Memoir of My Father|Having in our childhood felt primal awe for the spectacle of the holiday, we are told to age into feeling sullen and resentful. You are supposed to proclaim Santa dead like preadolescent Nietzsches and decry the whole month as an orgy of crass commercialism.
Bill Cosby|George Carlin is brilliant with words, and Johnny Winters is very creative. It's taking something common and drawing out the humor, being clever with words.
Sarah Dessen, Lock and Key|But you don’t have to give everyone the benefit of the doubt.”“You don’t have to assume the worst about everyone, either. The world isn’t always out to get you.
Allison Williams|Regardless of what people think of the WWE, we're great at storylines; we're great at drawing money. We're great at causing controversy, and when the other sports do it, they usually do better. It keeps it interesting and makes it fun for the fans.
Theodore Sturgeon|School districts around the country, and the taxpayers that support them, have a moral right to the information the NFL might have concerning the medical aspects of the game, and to assess the risks to the students in their charge. Colleges have a moral right to that information for the same reasons.
Stefan Molyneux|The manic relief that comes from the fantasy that we can with one savage slash cut the chains of the past and rise like a phoenix, free of all history, is generally a tipping point into insanity, akin to believing that we can escape the endless constraints of gravity, and fly off a tall building. “I’m freeeee… SPLAT!”.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|There are things which couldn't be expressed by the words,when you've mastered certain lesson for more than 30 years.
Evelyn Waugh|Privacy, self-reliance, choice -- all these can and must remina core American values. Yet so too must we remember that other core American value, the value of community. And we must redefine community more broadly to include not just our street or our tract, but our town, our metropolis, our region.
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|Bob says hello," he told the stars.
Graeme Shimmin, A Kill in the Morning|We’re a nonviolent collective working to undermine the Trust and free the Badlands. Once the Trust is exposed as lying and corrupt, we believe Edenites will do the right thing. Open the borders. Save the Badlands.” Ling lowers her voice with deliberate control. “Kudzu is going to destroy something called Aevum.
Susannah Sandlin, Wild Man's Curse|There was something about a guy in a uniform most women found irresistible. Ceelie and Sonia had pondered this peculiar phenomenon over late-night glasses of moscato back in Nashville. They'd decided it had to be the belt and all the equipment that dangled from it when the guys walked, which not only was phallic but probably released extra sex pheromones into the air and turned women into nectar-seeking honeybees.
Clive Granger|Feeling pummeled by the outside pounding of tests and standards, a teacher can easily hide and simply turn to the immediacy of the classroom. It is not surprising that many teachers burrow in their rooms with all that they know about their students. There is no place to take the information.
Israelmore Ayivor|It takes your knowing to decide on your going. If you know where you are going, you will keep going because you have already seen yourself gone
C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain|Evil is a point of view ... God kills, and so shall we; indiscriminately ... for no creatures under God are as we are, none so like Him as ourselves.God kills indiscriminately and so shall we. For no creatures under God are as we are none so like him as ourselves.
Nina García, The Little Black Book of Style|Style comes from knowing who you are and who you want to be in the world; it does not come from wanting to be somebody else, or wanting to be thinner, shorter, taller, prettier.
Hillary DePiano, New Year's Thieve|MOTHER TIME: Every New Year is the same. Every day, every second is too for that matter. But when we deliver them in secret, when another year just begins as a matter of fact, it's easy to fail to appreciate what a miracle it is to have more time. So, I suppose, it feels different right now because this time you're paying attention
Janet Fitch, White Oleander|Whereas the beautiful is limited, the sublime is limitless, so that the mind in the presence of the sublime, attempting to imagine what it cannot, has pain in the failure but pleasure in contemplating the immensity of the attempt
Doreen Valiente, Charge of the Goddess: The Mother of Modern Witchcraft|What bothered me was all of the time he wasted by drumming, and all the time I wasted by listening to him drum, by taking pleasure in it, for pleasure is almost always a waste of time.
Charlotte Dujardin|I took up boxing as a fitness thing. I got obsessed, and I would go every day when I wasn't working. It's just an insane sport when you get into it.
David Kushner, Alligator Candy: A Memoir|Kids grow up hearing fairy tales, but the biggest fairy tale of all, I realized at the age of four, is that life is safe. Life isn't safe, I learned. It's crazy. Evil is real. One minute you could be riding your bike on the way to get candy, and the next, you're dead. Anything could happen anywhere at any time. So now what? How was I supposed to live without giving in to the fear?
Sara  Miles, Take This Bread: A Radical Conversion|As they seek authenticity, Emerging Evangelicals seek freedom - from loneliness, convention, unwanted authority, dominant paradigms, the prevailing social climate, and impersonal bureaucracies. Ironically, in this sense, their preferred narrative and their desired subjectivity are just as modern as what they seek to distance themselves from: the conservative Christian subculture, including its born-again narrative of awakening and transformation.
Emily Dickinson|So bashful when I spied her!So pretty ― so ashamed!So hidden in her leafletsLest anybody find ―So breathless till I passed her ―So helpless when I turnedAnd bore her struggling, blushing,Her simple haunts beyond!For whom I robbed the Dingle ―For whom betrayed the Dell ―Many, will doubtless ask me,But I shall never tell!
Kurt Cobain|I have met many minds able to store and translate a pregnantly large amount of information, yet they haven't an ounce of talent for wisdom or the appreciation of passion.
Delano Johnson, Love Quotes|A good woman comes in all shapes and colors.When you find her, adore her.
Daphne du Maurier, My Cousin Rachel|His eyes were dark. “Brooke.”She knew what he was asking. “Yes.”Immediately, Cade took her hand and led her – quite briskly – along the sidewalk.“Thank God I’m not wearing the red high heels today,” she said.“In two minutes you’ll be wearing nothing,” he said in a low voice.Well, then.
Nguyen Tan Dung|I would like to acquire a document autographed by John Witherspoon, who signed the Declaration of Independence and is one of my American heroes.
Elbert Hubbard|The most important thing, in anything you do, is always trying your hardest, because even if you try your hardest and it's not as good as you'd hoped, you still have that sense of not letting yourself down.
Sebastian Faulks, Engleby|I looked at him on the bed. He coughed once and a trail of brownish dead blood came out of his mouth and ran down the side of his chin. Then he stopped breathing. And I thought, I'll make sure I never end up here, either.
Sandeep Sahajpal|Only and only handwork can get you to the front benches, where you get noticed by the God.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett|If you can still write in spite of the fact that you're not getting paid, that nobody cares about what you're writing, that nobody wants to publish it, that everybody is telling you to do something else, and you still want to and you still enjoy it and you can't stop doing it...then you're a writer.
Michael Showalter|I am in the Master of Professional Writing program teaching Humor Writing, Literary and Dramatic.
Ringo Starr|When you apply computer science and machine learning to areas that haven't had any innovation in 50 years, you can make rapid advances that seem really incredible.
Mark Buff|110, 111 whatever it takes!"Michael Keaton character in Mr. Mom
Sara Sheridan, On Starlit Seas|When you fear nothing, you have nothing to fear
Cathy Ostlere, Lost|Women can go mad with insomnia.The sleep-deprived roam houses that have lost their familiarity. With tea mugs in hand, we wander rooms, looking on shelves for something we will recognize: a book title, a photograph, the teak-carved bird -- a souvenir from what place? A memory almost rises when our eyes rest on a painting's grey sweep of cloud, or the curve of a wooden leg in a corner. Fingertips faintly recall the raised pattern on a chair cushion, but we wonder how these things have come to be here, in this stranger's home.Lost women drift in places where time has collapsed. We look into our thoughts and hearts for what has been forgotten, for what has gone missing. What did we once care about? Whom did we love? We are emptied. We are remote. Like night lilies, we open in the dark, breathe in the shadowy world. Our soliloquies are heard by no one.
Debasish Mridha|In the end, you will forget to love, and you will not have the ability to offend. When you have the ability to love, love and forget to offend.
Veronica Roth|Want something else more than success. Success is a lovely thing, but your desire to say something, your worth, and your identity shouldn’t rely on it, because it’s not guaranteed and it’s not permanent and it’s not sufficient. So work hard, fall in love with the writing—the characters, the story, the words, the themes—and make sure that you are who you are regardless of your life circumstances. That way, when the good things come, they don’t warp you, and when the bad things hit you, you don’t fall apart.
Stephen King, The Dark Tower|Most politicians lie for the same reason a monkey swings by his tail, which is to say because he can.
Laurie Nadel, Dancing with the Wind: A True Story of Zen in the Art of Windsurfing|My former identity was lying around, somewhere, fragmented and buried, like shards from an earlier civilization.
Lord Dunsany, The Curse Of The Wise Woman|Must we always comment on life? Can it not simply be lived in the reality of Christ's terms of contact with the Father, with joy and peace, fear and love full to the fingertips in their turn, without incessant drawing of lessons and making of rules?
Malcolm Wallop|In the late afternoons and early evenings, the crowd is easily over 1 million. That many people simply can't fit in Independence Square. The demonstration spills in to the streets for several blocks.
Frank|boys, girls and music . . why do they need gin?
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail|Most of the truly kind people of this world show some measure of discomfort when offered kindness. Their gratitude stems not only from their understanding of the depth of the force of kindness, but also from their conviction that kindness should not be taken for granted.
Kristin McKenzie Rice, Love What Matters: A 15 Week Interactive Study|In a world full of nouns, be a verb.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Times of adversity, rekindle my spirit.
Zoë Heller, What Was She Thinking? [Notes on a Scandal]|All my life I have been the sort of person in whom people confide. And all my life I have been flattered by this role - grateful for the frisson of importance that comes with receiving important information. In recent years, however, I have noticed that my gratification is becoming diluted by a certain weary indignation. They tell me because they regard me as safe. All of them, they make their disclosures to me in the same spirit that they might tell a castrato or a priest - with a sense that I am so outside the loop, so remote from the doings of the great world, as to be defused of any possible threat. The number of secrets I receive is in inverse proportion to the number of secrets anyone expects me to have of my own. And this is the real source of my dismay. Being told secrets is not - never has been - a sign that I belong or that I matter. It is quite the opposite: confirmation of my irrelevance.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|The way I see it, our natural human instinct is to fight or flee that which we perceive to be dangerous. Although this mechanism evolved to protect us, it serves as the single greatest limiting process to our growth. To put this process in perspective and not let it rule my life, Iexpect the unexpected;make the unfamiliar familiar;make the unknown known;make the uncomfortable comfortable;believe the unbelievable.
Henry Adams|I wish wearing flat-irons on our heads would keep us from growing up. But buds will be roses, and kittens, cats, - more's the pity!
Richard Bachman, The Long Walk|He watched his feet, the only things that were keeping him from finding out if there really was a Kingdom of Heaven or not.
J.D. Stroube, Caged in Darkness|With every rise in choices, the expectations double up which puts people deeper down into the rubble.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|Lift up your eyes from your books, from your past, from your hurts and look upon all people with love, because when you look into another’s eyes and see innocence, you find it in yourself.
Kristen Ashley, The Golden Dynasty|I should have seen it coming.” The words don’t surprise me, but they piss me off. I pull away and glare down at her. “Don’t you fucking dare, Nell Hawthorne. Don’t you dare put this on yourself. You should never have to see shit like this coming.” She backs away, stunned and afraid by the intensity I know is radiating off me. “Colton, I just meant he’s always shown—” “Stop. Just stop right there. Granted, you should’ve never gotten involved with a douchetard like him, but that’s no excuse for what he did.
Betty Friedan, The Feminine Mystique|The problem lay buried, unspoken, for many years in the minds of American women. It was a strange stirring, a sense of dissatisfaction, a yearning that women suffered in the middle of the twentieth century in the United States. Each suburban wife struggled wit it alone. As she made the beds, shopped for groceries, matched slipcover material, ate peanut butter sandwiches with her children, chauffered Cub Scouts and Brownies, lay beside her husband at night -she was afreaid to ask even of herself the silent question- "Is this all?
David Hyde Pierce|If you've ever had anyone in your life who has been struggling with something, struggling with addiction or struggling with anything, and it's about the resilience of love and how much you're willing to struggle with somebody to preserve your relationship and to try to preserve them as a person.
Irfaan Santoe|My wish for us is that (in 2016) we obtain the power to be healthier, think more positively, and be more compassionate and forgiving. Hoping for a sunny year and that we can enjoy and feel the sun-rays, next to ‘just’ feeling warmer!
Mercedes Lackey, Changes|Fanatics can justify practically any atrocity to themselves. The more untenable their position becomes, the harder they hold to it, and the worse the things they are willing to do to support it.
Ray Mancini|Look at your life like a blank canvas and you're the artist, now go ahead and paint your masterpiece." Ray Mancini.
Andy Andrews, The Traveler's Gift: Seven Decisions that Determine Personal Success|But if Crake wanted her to stay longer on any given night, do it again maybe, she'd make some excuse—jet lag, a headache, something plausible. Her inventions were seamless, she was the best poker-faced liar in the world, so there would be a kiss goodbye for stupid Crake, a smile, a wave, a closed door, and the next minute there she would be, with Jimmy.
Lily James|In Brazil, if you have a son, the first thing you give him is a football. That's the first gift - so my dad was no different.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In any situation, there is hope. Don’t give! Be strong!
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|No matter what your history has been, your destiny is what you create today. What are you going to create?
Dana Gore|So often we focus on finding answers to life's mysteries...when in reality, a wiser approach is to start asking better questions, and more of them.
Mervyn Peake, Gormenghast|I don't want to say Monsanto is evil right off the bat, but why is Monsanto so evil?
Christie Brinkley|For fifteen years, I was a teacher of youth. They were years out of the fullness and bloom of my younger manhood. They were years mingled of half breathless work, of anxious self-questionings, of planning and replanning, of disillusion, or mounting wonder.
Samuel Rutherford, Christ Dying and Drawing Sinners to Himself, Or, a Survey of Our Saviour in His Soule-Suffering, His Lovelynesse in His Death, and the Efficacie There|When the sun riseth first, the beams over-gild the tops of green mountains that look toward the east, and the world cannot hinder the sun to rise: some are so near heaven, that the everlasting Sun hath begun to make an everlasting day of glory on them; the rays that come from his face that sits on the throne, so over-goldeth the soul, that there is no possibility of clouding peace, or of hindering daylight in the souls of such.
Connor Franta|Race, gender, religion, sexuality, we are all people and that's it. We're all people. We're all equal.
Gift Gugu Mona|Strength is not determined by the looks, but action.
Sarah Caudwell, Thus Was Adonis Murdered|Julia's unhappy relationship with the Inland Revenue was due to her omission, during four years of modestly successful practice at the Bar, to pay any income tax. The truth is, I think, that she did not, in her heart of hearts, really believe in income tax. It was a subject which she had studied for examinations and on which she had thereafter advised a number of clients: she naturally did not suppose, in these circumstances, that it had anything to do with real life.
Barry Commoner|Absolutely everything undergoes evolvement - whether it's technology, journalism, the NFL, medicine.
Steve Abbott|And then it struck him what lay buried far down under the earth on which his feet were so firmly planted: the ominous rumbling of the deepest darkness, secret rivers that transported desire, slimy creatures writhing, the lair of earthquakes ready to transform whole cities into mounds of rubble. These, too, were helping to create the rhythm of the earth. He stopped dancing and, catching his breath, stared at the ground beneath his feet as though peering into a bottomless hole.
Viorel Muha|To ‘stop and smell the roses’ we must first believe that there’s a rose garden out there somewhere. And in this jaded world of ours, the refusal to believe in gardens leaves most of us ref of roses.
Robert Fulghum, Uh-oh - Some Observations From Both Sides Of The Refrigerator Door|Adversity is the litmus of faith, and only by continuing on in a spirit of total determination and self belief do we achieve what we set out to do.
Stephen Graham Jones|My personal style changes wherever I am. When I'm in Ibiza, I'm a bit girlier because there's an opportunity to be more romantic and dress up for the beach scene. Whereas in New York, I tend to go for suiting and tailoring that almost feels like weaponry for the city - but I think I'm quite playful no matter what.
Nora Roberts, Happy Ever After|If you cannot walk more than a block in your shoes, they are not shoes; they are pretty sculptures that you happen to have attached to your feet. You could hang them from your wrists for all the good they are doing you in terms of locomotion. Better to put them on a shelf and admire them from afar.
Dawn Gluskin|When intent is rooted in pure love, you dreams will grown and manifest faster than you could ever imagine.
Alexandre Dumas fils, The Lady of the Camellias|Let us not despise the woman who is neither mother nor daughter nor wife. Let us not limit our esteem to family life, narrow our tolerance to simple egotism. Given that heaven rejoices more at the repentance of one sinner than over a hundred good men who have never sinned, let us endeavor to make heaven rejoice. We may be rewarded with interest. Let us leave along the path the alms of our forgiveness for those whose earthly desires have marooned them, so that a divine hope may save them, and, as the wise old women say when they prescribe a remedy of their own invention, if it doesn't help, at least it can't hurt.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Don’t let the horrible nature of the waters prevent you from crossing the rivers of life. The more horrible the challenges we face, the sweeter the joy of conquering them.
Marie-Louise von Franz, The Psychological Meaning of Redemption Motifs in Fairytales|I have to choose what I detest - either dreaming which my intelligence hates, or action, which my sensibility loathes; either action, for which I wasn't born, or dreaming, for which no one was born. Detesting both, I choose neither; but since I must on occasion either dream or act, I mix the two things together.
Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?|He was always a little boy, and I am upset that I didn't look after him, upset there are so many kids who never get looked after, and so they can't grow up. They can get older, but they can't grow up. That takes love. If you are lucky the love will come later. If you are lucky you won't hit love in the face.
Christopher Moore, Lamb: The Gospel According to Biff, Christ's Childhood Pal|We were seekers. You are that which is sought, Joshua. You are the source. The end is divinity, in the beginning is the word. You are the word.
Haruki Murakami, South of the Border, West of the Sun|I would never see her again, except in memory. She was here, and now she's gone. There is no middle ground. Probably is a word that you may find south of the border. But never, ever west of the sun.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|I know [Umbridge] by reputation and I'm sure she's no Death Eater-""She's foul enough to be one...""Yes, but the world isn't split into good people and Death Eaters.
Aporva Kala, Life... Love... Kumbh...|Why do you stay with me?" he whispered. He wished he hadn't said it once the words were out of of his mouth, wished he could pull them back, but Laurie didn't seem fazed at all. In fact, he just smiled a crooked smile and kissed him again. "Because I don't want to dance by myself," he whispered.
Sandra Fluke|We don't have a business model for health care in this country, We just have a business model for care. The way doctors and hospitals get paid is something bad has got to happen. It's a pure reactive model.
R. W. Patterson, Dark Night of the Soul: In the darkest of moments...a sacrifice to end a life...a rescue to save a soul.|The past can't now be altered, the future has yet to be lived, and consciously to experience every moment of the present is the only way to gain at least the illusion of immortality.
Jackie Collins|It is better to lock up your heart with a merciless padlock, than to fall in love with someone who doesn’t know what they mean to you.
Marquis de Sade|To judge from the notions expounded by theologians, one must conclude that God created most men simply with a view to crowding hell.
Israelmore Ayivor, You Can Rise|If your thoughts are as tall as the height of your ceiling, you can’t fly above your room.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When a powerful storm collides with a much more powerful storm, it will understand that his power was just a dust before the wind! You can be a giant only until a bigger giant comes and erases your existence!
Penny Reid, Beauty and the Mustache|When you cried, I learned what helplessness tastes like. Because all I could do was swallow.
Chuck Black, Kingdom's Call|I do not need the strength of your arm to make a knight of you, Gavin. All I need is your heart, and that you have given,' the Prince said.
David Levithan, The Lover's Dictionary|Within everyone there is a place, hidden deep inside, which yearns for 'that' kiss. You know the one I mean, the one that sends your senses reeling, leaving you breathless and when you break away, and finally regain your senses, you know you will never see the world in the same light...
Olivia Cunning, Tie Me|Her friend glanced between Cait and Dante.“But Cait, The Hulk has requested my absence. I believe it best if I cooperate.
Soman Chainani, A World Without Princes|In the end it wins a king's daughter, who is expected to burn its hedgehog-skin at night, and does so, and finds herself clasping a beautiful prince, all singed and soot-black. Christabel says, 'And if he regretted his armoury of spines and his quick wild wits, history does not relate, for we must go no further, having reached the happy end.
Zygmunt Bauman|When you stop having dreams and ideals - well, you might as well stop altogether.
Amulya Malladi, Serving Crazy with Curry|One can't prescribe books, even the best books, to people unless one knows a good deal about each individual person. If a man is keen on reading, I think he ought to open his mind to some older man who knows him and his life, and to take his advice in the matter, and above all, to discuss with him the first books that interest him.
Richard Hooker, MASH: A Novel About Three Army Doctors|Look!" Hawkeye said. Duke looked where Hawkeye was pointing. In one corner, kneeling on the dirt floor with his elbows on his cot, a Bible in front of him, his lips moving slowly, and oblivious to all about him, was Major Jonathan Hobson."Jesus," Hawkeye said."It don't look like Him," Duke said.
Aberjhani, Journey through the Power of the Rainbow: Quotations from a Life Made Out of Poetry|There is no envy, jealousy, or hatred between the different colors of the rainbow. And no fear either. Because each one exists to make the others’ love more beautiful.
Lisa Berne, You May Kiss the Bride|Always put a "yet" after the things you have not accomplished.
Jennifer Elisabeth|Something, somewhere, knows what’s best for me and promises to keep sending me people and experiences to light my way as long as I live in gratitude and keep paying attention to the signs.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Abundant grace, amazing life.
Esther Perel, Mating in Captivity: Reconciling the Erotic and the Domestic|In my work, I see couples who no longer wait for an invitation into their partner's interiority, but instead demand admittance, as if they are entitled to unrestricted access into the private thoughts of their loved ones
Kamala Suraiyya Das|It is I who drink lonely Drinks at twelve, midnight, in hotels of strange towns, It is I who laugh, it is I who make love And then, feel shame, it is I who lie dying With a rattle in my throat. I am sinner, I am saint. I am the beloved and the Betrayed. I have no joys that are not yours, no Aches which are not yours. I too call myself I.
Orhan Pamuk, Snow|Guilt doesn't follow the rules of time. Most things fade with time, regret, eyesight, memories. But guilt feeds on time, and as it feeds, it grows, and when it runs out of time, it begins to gnaw on the guilty.
Nadia Bolz-Weber, Pastrix: The Cranky, Beautiful Faith of a Sinner & Saint|I carried a bravado about my drinking like I was a hero of debauchery. But on that Christmas Day, I felt like shit. I had a vague realisation that I was just trying to keep up with some version of myself that I had decided was accurate.
Viorica Dragotel|Between shortage and absolute poverty an ocean of shades and gradations do emerge on the scale of deficiency. Be that as it may, each stage must find a mode to leave a door ajar for the sun to peer in and human warmth to radiate. ( " Homeless down in the corner")
Gene Stratton-Porter, A Girl of the Limberlost|Evan stopped completely. He was staring at her with those intense eyes. Staring right into her. Just like he had in those couple of moments when she had thought for a split second, that he wanted to kiss her.
Leila Sales, Past Perfect|I felt very happy. To think that I didn't have to torture myself sitting in a smoke-filled room with a painted party smile, watching my date get drunk
D.H. Lawrence|It is a fine thing to establish one's own religion in one's heart, not to be dependent on tradition and second-hand ideals. Life will seem to you, later, not a lesser, but a greater thing.
Hal Duncan, Rhapsody: Notes on Strange Fictions|Food’s the killer. The clock starts as soon as the troops are on the ground. You wouldn’t believe how fast they consume what they’re carrying, and then … if I don’t get them more, if I don’t find them more … they die.
Michael Ben Zehabe, Song of Songs The Book for Daughters|You say you love your wife. You depend on her; she has given you her body, her emotions, her encouragement, a certain feeling of security and well-being. Then she turns away from you; she gets bored or goes off with someone else, and your whole emotional balance is destroyed, and this disturbance, which you don’t like, is called jealousy. There is pain in it, anxiety, hate and violence. So what you are really saying is, ‘As long as you belong to me I love you but the moment you don’t I begin to hate you.
George Orwell, Down and Out in Paris and London|Poverty frees them from ordinary standards of behaviour, just as money frees people from work.
Tulga Demir|Tulga Demir considers it his greatest accomplishment to be a responsible and trustworthy family man, while having shaped successful ventures in the fields of real estate and energy.
Jill Bolte Taylor, My Stroke of Insight: A Brain Scientist's Personal Journey|I need to remember, however, that there are enormous gaps between what I know and what I think I know. I learned that I need to be very wary of my storyteller's potential for stirring up drama and trauma.
Haruki Murakami, Sputnik Sweetheart|So that’s how we live our lives. No matter how deep and fatal theloss, no matter how important the thing that's stolen from us - that'ssnatched right out of our hands - even if we are left completelychanged, with only the outer layer of skin from before, we continue toplay out our lives this way, in silence. We draw ever nearer to theend of our allotted span of time, bidding it farewell as it trails offbehind. Repeating, often adroitly, the endless deeds of the everyday. Leaving behind a feeling of insurmountable emptiness...Maybe, in some distant place, everything is already, quietly, lost.Or at least there exists a silent place where everything candisappear, melting together in a single, overlapping figure. And aswe live our lives we discover - drawing toward us the thin threadsattached to each - what has been lost. I closed my eyes and tried tobring to mind as many beautiful lost things as I could. Drawing themcloser, holding on to them. Knowing all the while that their livesare fleeting.
Lea Michele|This arrogance thing... I've had that my whole life. I flip between, 'Oh really? Oh, thank you. Wow. That's amazing' and, 'Yeah! Of course I am.' They're both varying degrees of a self-defence mechanism. It can be from minute to minute that I change.
Wes Locher, Musings on Minutiae|It wasn’t enough that I had to worry about playing well and winning the game, but I also had to deal with possibility that one of my teammates could be dragged off the field by the inhabitants of the mental hospital.
Richard Armour|Many people take no care of their money till they come nearly to the end of it, and others do just the same with their time.
Ravi Zacharias, Has Christianity Failed You?|The Anselmian call for "faith seeking understanding" may start and gather its energy not in rational study of past theological points but in the pursuit to make sense of our concrete and lived experiences of Jesus who finds us in a hole, knocks us from our horse, or comes to our daughter in her sleep.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Don't say, "the sky is my limit", say, "I progress ad infinitum.
Lewis Thomas, Fragile Species|I am a member of a fragile species, still new to the earth, the youngest creatures of any scale, here only a few moments as evolutionary time is measured, a juvenile species, a child of a species. We are only tentatively set in place, error prone, at risk of fumbling, in real danger at the moment of leaving behind only a thin layer of of our fossils, radioactive at that.
Mahesh shekhar|Some people, no matter how easy the path they are given on the walk of life, will find a way to mess it all up. Ray Levine was one of those people.
Sunday Adelaja|When you begin to pursue your promised land, you get a lot of prohibitions and temptations
Alexandra Katehakis, Mirror of Intimacy: Daily Reflections on Emotional and Erotic Intelligence|Find the pitch and pace and syllables and words you love to hear. Delight your own senses, and self-romance.
Olaotan Fawehinmi|The 'dance of love' has different themes and moods, just like every relationship has its highs and lows. Enjoy the high moments and hang-on during the downtimes. The diverse range of emotions is the experience that builds you two. Your ability to perfectly switch between these moments and make the best out of the one you find yourself per time, proves that you are not only involved in the relationship like the chicken is in the business of making eggs but also very committed to it like the pig is in the business of making bacon.
Emil M. Cioran|If we misread the blueprint of our life, we need not be ashamed of backtracking on our chosen options. Admitting to mistakes may make us human and maybe great again. ("Sisyphus' hardship on the hill")
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|Once you have made the world an end, and faith a means, you have almost won your man, and it makes very little difference what kind of worldly end he is pursuing.
Loula Grace Erdman|Being an entrepreneur is not about the money, its about the freedom.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|Ellen's life was not easy, nor was it happy, but she did not expect life to be easy, and, if it was not happy, that was woman's lot. It was a man's world, and she accepted it as such. The man owned the property, and the woman managed it. The man took credit for the management, and the woman praised his cleverness. The man roared like a bull when a splinter was in his finger, and the woman muffled the moans of childbirth, lest she disturb him. Men were rough of speech and often drunk. Women ignored the lapses of speech and put the drunkards to bed without bitter words. Men were rude and outspoken, women were always kind, gracious and forgiving.
Darrel Ray, Sex & God: How Religion Distorts Sexuality|Genetics and epigenetics are far more important in sexuality than any idea of choice. No evidence has been found that anyone chooses their sexuality. Choice is a theological concept, not a biological one.
Philip Pullman, The Ruby in the Smoke|No matter how close people get, they never reach each other. Including us now. Even now, there's a place where each of us is alone.
Susan Pogorzelski, Gold in the Days of Summer|My identity as Jewish cannot be reduced to a religious affiliation. Professor Said quoted Gramsci, an author that I’m familiar with, that, and I quote, ‘to know thyself is to understand that we are a product of the historical process to date which has deposited an infinity of traces, without leaving an inventory’. Let’s apply this pithy observation to Jewish identity. While it is tempting to equate Judaism with Jewishness, I submit to you that my identity as someone who is Jewish is far more complex than my religious affiliation. The collective inventory of the Jewish people rests on my shoulders. This inventory shapes and defines my understanding of what it means to be Jewish. The narrative of my people is a story of extraordinary achievement as well as unimaginable horror. For millennia, the Jewish people have left their fate in the hands of others. Our history is filled with extraordinary achievements as well as unimaginable violence. Our centuries-long Diaspora defined our existential identity in ways that cannot be reduced to simple labels. It was the portability of our religion that bound us together as a people, but it was our struggle to fit in; to be accepted that identified us as unique. Despite the fact that we excelled academically, professionally, industrially, we were never looked upon as anything other than Jewish. Professor Said in his book, Orientalism, examined how Europe looked upon the Orient as a dehumanized sea of amorphous otherness. If we accept this point of view, then my question is: How do you explain Western attitudes towards the Jews? We have always been a convenient object of hatred and violent retribution whenever it became convenient. If Europe reduced the Orient to an essentialist other, to borrow Professor Said’s eloquent language, then how do we explain the dehumanizing treatment of Jews who lived in the heart of Europe? We did not live in a distant, exotic land where the West had discursive power over us. We thought of ourselves as assimilated. We studied Western philosophy, literature, music, and internalized the same culture as our dominant Christian brethren. Despite our contribution to every conceivable field of human endeavor, we were never fully accepted as equals. On the contrary, we were always the first to be blamed for the ills of Western Europe. Two hundred thousand Jews were forcibly removed from Spain in 1492 and thousands more were forcibly converted to Christianity in Portugal four years later. By the time we get to the Holocaust, our worst fears were realized. Jewish history and consciousness will be dominated by the traumatic memories of this unspeakable event. No people in history have undergone an experience of such violence and depth. Israel’s obsession with physical security; the sharp Jewish reaction to movements of discrimination and prejudice; an intoxicated awareness of life, not as something to be taken for granted but as a treasure to be fostered and nourished with eager vitality, a residual distrust of what lies beyond the Jewish wall, a mystical belief in the undying forces of Jewish history, which ensure survival when all appears lost; all these, together with the intimacy of more personal pains and agonies, are the legacy which the Holocaust transmits to the generation of Jews who have grown up under its shadow. -Fictional debate between Edward Said and Abba Eban.
Matthew Williamson, Midnight Heat|These earthenware bowls are fragile and easily broken, they are only made of a little clay on which fortune has precariously bestowed a shape, and the same could be said of mankind.
Benjamin R.  Smith|The world is filled with human toxins -- not the darkness that we all occasionally crave, but actually people who are so unwilling to bask in the angelic light that is offered us all that they grow poisonous -- and you can pray for their eventual recovery and healing. And sometimes those prayers will be answered. But sometimes these individuals have been vaccinated against goodness and against angels and they are so unwilling to give an inch to their God that often they never (and I use this expression absolutely literally) see the light.
Tracy March, Should've Said No|What's your name, big guy?" Carden asked.	Blue let out something between a bark and a howl that sounded just like," Bluuuue."	"Good boy," Carden said, and gave Blue the dog biscuit. Blue took it in his mouth and crunched it into pieces, eating it bit by bit instead of gobbling.	That's all it took for Lindsey to fall head-over-heels for Blue. His owner wasn't too bad either.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Knowing your purpose on earth is simple, but the task here is to bring about the success of your destiny.
Poul Anderson, Tau Zero|American culture, perhaps more than any other, prizes individualism. Our narratives of art, politics, and business idolize the person who triumphs against the odds, with only himself or herself to answer to. The lone wolf. The stranger in town. The maverick. The plucky kid. The Final Girl. You've only got yourself, in the end. It's all up to you.
Claudia Gray, A Thousand Pieces of You|I meant it when I said I didn’t believe in love at first sight. It takes time to really, truly fall for someone. Yet I believe in a moment. A moment when you glimpse the truth within someone, and they glimpse the truth within you. In that moment, you don’t belong to yourself any longer, not completely. Part of you belongs to him; part of him belongs to you. After that, you can’t take it back, no matter how much you want to, no matter how hard you try.
Taylor Swift|My father was a really funny guy. He lived a good long life. And he was the reason I wanted to be funny and become a comedian and a comedy writer, so to say that he's somewhat of a mythic figure in my life would be an understatement.
Shelly Thacker, His Forbidden Touch|The Girauds' child was looking more and more like a problem.Luke pressed his lips into a thin line. When she'd leaned in the stagecoach blazing with fervor over what was in the arcane books, it had taken all his willpower not to throw a bolt of magic to stop her heart.
Neal Stephenson, Cryptonomicon|Ares always reemerges from the chaos. It will never go away. Athenian civilization defends itself from the forces of Ares with metis, or technology. Technology is built on science. Science is like the alchemists' uroburos, continually eating its own tail. The process of science doesn't work unless young scientists have the freedom to attack and tear down old dogmas, to engage in an ongoing Titanomachia. Science flourishes where art and free speech flourish.
Alin Sav|Before you follow somebody, ask whom is he following.
Alphonse de Lamartine|The hardest thing to do often comes with no earthly reward; but it supernaturally affects eternity, so it turns into huge deposit in heaven.
Renea Mason, Symphony of Light and Winter|I know I had no right to do this to you, but if you ask me if I regret it, I will answer you no. If you ask me if I’d do it again, I’d say yes. I would do it again and again and again. There is a darkness in me that lives and breathes just like yours, except it’s motivated by love, and not by pain.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Letters and Papers from Prison|In a word, live together in the forgiveness of your sins, for without it no human fellowship, least of all a marriage, can survive. Don’t insist on your rights, don’t blame each other, don’t judge or condemn each other, don’t find fault with each other, but accept each other as you are, and forgive each other every day from the bottom of your hearts…
Matshona Dhliwayo|If records refuse to be broken, shatter them.
Santosh Avvannavar|We often fail to see that there is an invisible wall in a relationship - Cord 10, In Between Us!
Dada Bhagwan|The one who straightens out himself will attain moksha [will be liberated]. If you don’t straighten out, people will beat you into doing so. The doorway to moksha [ultimate liberation] is narrow, so how will you be able to enter if you are obstinate?
Friedrich Nietzsche|A motorcycle is a vehicle of change, after all. It puts the wheels beneath a midlife crisis, or a coming-of-age saga, or even just the discovery of something new, something you didn't realize was there. It provides the means to cross over, to transition, or to revitalize; motorcycles are self-discovery's favorite vehicle.
Lauren Dane, Enforcer|A laugh burst from Nina's lips. "Not as awkward as it must be for you. Honey, please. If you bent around any harder trying to let me know you fucked Lex to try and make me feel bad, you'd be a pretzel. Although you're about as smart as one.
Sara Gottfried, The Hormone Reset Diet: Heal Your Metabolism to Lose Up to 15 Pounds in 21 Days|Naps are not a sign of physical slovenliness. They are a sign that I am listening to my body. It will reward me with stable emotions, hormones that stay in check, social finesse, continued cleverness, and the ability to write prose that does not make me gag.
Thomas Gilovich, How We Know What Isn't So: The Fallibility of Human Reason in Everyday Life|When examining evidence relevant to a given belief, people are inclined to see what they expect to see, and conclude what they expect to conclude. Information that is consistent with our pre-existing beliefs is often accepted at face value, whereas evidence that contradicts them is critically scrutinized and discounted. Our beliefs may thus be less responsive than they should to the implications of new information
R.C. Sproul|Cursed luck! —said he, biting his lip as he shut the door, —for man to be master of one of the finest chains of reasoning in nature, —and have a wife at the same time with such a head-piece, that he cannot hang up a single inference within side of it, to save his soul from destruction.
Carine Roitfeld|One of the most mawkish of human delusions is the notion that friendship should be eternal, or, at all events, life-long, and that any act which puts a term to it is somehow discreditable.
Marilynne Robinson, When I Was a Child I Read Books|In the First Epistle of Peter we are told to honor everyone, and I have never been in a situation where I felt this instruction was inappropriate. When we accept dismissive judgements of our community we stop having generous hopes for it. We cease to be capable of serving its best interests.
Christina Hendricks|My mom has beautiful eyes, and I inherited a lot of her rituals, accentuating eyes.
Wole Soyinka|As we try to compete in this global marketplace, we need to rebuild our infrastructure. We need to rebuild our schools. We need to make sure that teachers and first responders and veterans who are coming home from serving our country so proudly have jobs waiting for them.
Debasish Mridha|The best and biggest gold mine is in between your ears. To find the gold, think deeply and think better.
Nikki Rowe|You can't wake up miserable and expect something outside yourself to change that mood, you have to be willing to change that mood so you expect the best from your outside world.
Donna Lynn Hope|Even "meant to be" takes work.
Jean Anouilh, Antigone|I spit on your happiness! I spit on your idea of life--that life that must go on, come what may. You are all like dogs that lick everything they smell. You with your promise of a humdrum happiness--provided a person doesn't ask much of life. I want everything of life, I do; and I want it now! I want it total, complete: otherwise I reject it! I will not be moderate. I will not be satisfied with the bit of cake you offer me if I promise to be a good little girl. I want to be sure of everything this very day; sure that everything will be as beautiful as when I was a little girl. If not, I want to die!
Tom Robbins, Skinny Legs and All|Of the Seven Dwarfs, the only one who shaved was Dopey. That should tell us something about the wisdom of shaving.
Mitt Romney|Remember, the IDF, the Israeli Defense Forces, have a working relationship with the Palestinian Authority security forces, which have been incredibly professional.
G.K. Chesterton, Orthodoxy|He must not merely cling to life, for then he will be a coward, and will not escape. He must not merely wait for death, for then he will be a suicide, and will not escape. He must seek his life in a spirit of furious indifference to it.
Cameron Dean, Passionate Thirst|Why do men have nipples? Because God is a woman and she really wants us to enjoy ourselves, that's why.
Margaret Peterson Haddix, Found|I told you growing starts from the inside first, honey, and in that way, you've been growing like wildfire.
Kij Johnson, Fudoki|It is a curious truth that many cats enjoy warmer, more convivial, even affectionate relationships with humans than they could ever do with fellow felines.
Patricia Grasso, Seducing the Prince|The night folded around them with a sweetness and poignancy heightened by the new pale stars that prickled silver fire in the water of the lily ponds, by the scented winds, and by the nearness of each other.
Krista Tippett, Becoming Wise: An Inquiry into the Mystery and Art of Living|God is that force that drives us to really see each other and to really behold each other and care for each other and respond to each other. And for me, that is actually enough. That cultivating it, that thinking about it, worshipping it, working towards it, taking care of it, nurturing it in myself, nurturing it in other people, that really is a life’s work right there, and it doesn’t have to be any bigger than that. God doesn’t have to be out in the next solar system over bashing asteroids together. It’s plenty, just the God that I work with.”  Kate Braestrup
Aditi Khorana, Mirror in the Sky|I had often thought about people who lived through strange and compelling times — World War II, the Great Depression, the civil rights movement. These were periods that shaped people in some indelible way. I wondered how this moment would define us. I had never before believed that there was anything special about the era I was growing up in.
David Jeremiah, Until Christ Returns: Living Faithfully Today While We Wait for Our Glorious Tomorrow|What He said He would do He always did, and the things we already see fulfilled in His Word simply remind us that what He said about the future will take place just as surely.
Gary Ryan Blair|In cyberspace, people with different skin colors, nationalities, cultures and languages should be equally entitled to participation, free speech and development. We should abandon prejudices, respect differences, and be tolerant and open.
Kody Keplinger, The DUFF: Designated Ugly Fat Friend|it’s hard giving out love to people who shove it back in your face. That’s not what love’s supposed to be about. No, it’s not perfect and people get hurt, but it’s a give and take. And it should be comfort, not pain.
Stendhal, The Red and the Black|I am mad, I am going under, I must follow the advice of a friend, and pay no heed to myself.
Latika Teotia|That dull ache in the heart, those wistful eyes with unshed tears looking at the road waiting for the one who broke your heart to return, that sinking feeling that it’s over, the finality of the whole thing strikes you deep down within. Wake up, come to terms that there’s been a breakup and that it’s over. A breakup is no reason to breakdown, come on you are much stronger. Wipe those unshed tears, chin up, chest out, shoulders back, wear your most beautiful smile and let the world see that you are not down and out. It’s a new phase, a new day, start with a spring in your step and move on. There’s more to life than breakup and you have a long way to go on a beautiful journey.
Stephen King, Insomnia|William awoke one morning to find that ― despite having no memory of it − he'd send a message to the Requisitions Department demanding ten thousand gallons of sleep (73% concentrate, with acetic acid stabilizer). The request had been rejected, but someone from Requisitions sent back a blanket and a pillow.
Karen Marie Moning, Iced|I smack myself in the forehead. “Holy priceless collection of Etruscan snoods, they’re not moving!” I exclaim. There’s a choking noise over my head somewhere. “Etruscan snoods?” I glow quietly inside. Some accomplishments mean more than others. I am officially the Shit. Now and forever. “Dude, watch your question marks. I just pried one out of you.” “I have no idea what you’re talking about.” “Admit it, you lost your eternal fecking composure.” “You have an obsession with a delusion about how I end my sentences. What the fuck are Etruscan snoods?” “Dunno. It’s just another of Robin’s sayings. Like, ‘Holy strawberries, Batman, we’re in a jam!’ ” “Strawberries.” “Or, ‘Holy Kleenex, Batman, it was right under our nose and we blew it!’ 
Gary Patton|The phrase, "American Dream", a lifestyle approach that doesn't require God's power, just ours, was coined in 1931 by James T. Adams.
A.E. Samaan|Capitalism does not merely mean that the housewife may influence production by her choice between peas and beans; or that plant managers have some voice in deciding what and how to produce: it means a scheme of values, an attitude toward life, a civilization—the civilization of inequality and of the family fortune.
Wesley Miller|Before God does anything, before he makes anything for us to be sustained by, God says, "More than food, more than water, more than shelter, more than other people, they are going to need me.
Osman Bakar, Tawhid and Science|Islam deals not only with what man must and must not do, but also with what he needs to know. In other words, Islam is both a way of acting and doing things and a way of knowing.
Thomas Brooks|Societies need self sacrificing ignorant crowd;Religions need fearful followers;Systems need obedient slaves;Corporate world needs compulsive consumers,andI NEED THE COURAGE TO RISE ABOVE THESE FOUR PARASITES.
Douglas Adams, The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul|It was his subconscious which told him this---that infuriating part of a person's brain which never responds to interrogation, merely gives little meaningful nudges and then sits humming quietly to itself, saying nothing.
Lady Gaga|You will reciprocally promise love, loyalty and matrimonial honesty. We only want for you this day that these words constitute the principle of your entire life and that with the help of divine grace you will observe these solemn vows that today, before God, you formulate.
Gillian Jacobs|The wealthy don't have any sense of humor. It's not like the English, where the theater is perhaps the one place where they have a sense of humor about themselves.
Brandon Sanderson, The Well of Ascension|I stared up at the black chiffon and tried to imagine my eternity. It looked very bleak. Hopefully, insanity would claim me quickly.
|Until the end of time, success will always be available to anyone who is willing and ready to pay its price.
Susan Orlean, The Orchid Thief: A True Story of Beauty and Obsession|I wanted a Fakahatchee ghost orchid, in full bloom, maybe attached to a gnarled piece of custard apple tree, and I wanted its roots to spread as broad as my hand and each root to be only as wide as a toothpick. I wanted the bloom to be snow-white, white as sugar, white as lather, white as teeth. I knew its shape by heart, the peaked face with the droopy mustache of petals, the albino toad with its springy legs. It would not be the biggest or the showiest or the rarest or the finest flower here, except to me, because I wanted it.
Eileen Myles|As things get worse, poetry gets better because it becomes more necessary.
Deborah Harkness|I would love to close my eyes and see myself with my girlfriend when we're 99 years old and I have a pipe and she's knitting a sweater, and I hope that's the way it goes. I think it's a challenge every day.
Joseph P. Kauffman, Stillness: A Guide to Finding Your Inner Peace|We spend so much of our time lost in thought, trying to label everything as isolated objects and events. Though we fail to realize that our thoughts are incapable of defining anything in its totality. We can think about a situation for as long as we want to, but our thoughts will never know the situation exactly as it exists.
Sara  Daniel, More than a Fantasy|I will tie you up, sometimes in very intricate, time-consuming bondage. I will suspend you from things. I will play with and tease and torment your bound and helpless body.
Caroline Kepnes, Hidden Bodies|Before you leave me again, tell me, so I can let you know if I’m ready to watch you go...
Andrew Lang|Even when a prohibition in a fairy-story is guessed to be derived from some taboo once practised long ago, it has probably been preserved in the later stages of the tale's history because of the great mythical significance of prohibition. A sense of significance may indeed have lain behind some of the taboos themselves. Thou shalt not - or else thou shalt depart beggared into endless regret. The gentlest 'nursery-tales' know it. Even Peter Rabbit was forbidden a garden, lost his blue coat, and took sick. The Locked Door stands as an eternal Temptation.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Do you really enjoy living a life that's so hateful? 'Cause there's a hole where your soul should be, you're losing control of it, and it's really distasteful.
Colleen Hoover, Slammed|I will never be without information,' she determined. 'I will do better than my sisters. If a bird or any other beast comes out of that uncanny republic where husbands are grown, I will see him with his skin off before I agree to fall in love.' For this is how Marya Morevna surmised that love was shaped: an agreement, a treaty between two nations that one could either sign or not as they pleased.
Albert Camus, The Fastidious Assassins|And anyway who the devil should I want to murder?""That would be a very good question," said Miss Marple. "I have not yet had the pleasure of sufficient conversation with you to evolve a theory as to that."Mr. Rafter's smile broadened."Conversations with you might be dangerous," he said."Conversations are always dangerous, if you have something to hide," said Miss Marple.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets|Ginny!" said Mr. Weasley, flabbergasted. "Haven't I taught you anything? What have I always told you? Never trust anything that can think for itself if you can't see where it keeps its brain?
C.S. Lewis|I was the lion who forced you to join with Aravis. I was the cat who comforted you among the houses of the dead. I was the lion who drove the jackals from you while you slept. I was the lion who gave the horses the new strength of fear for the last mill so that you should reach King Lune in time. And I was the lion you do not remember who pushed the boat in which you lay, a child near death, so that it came to shore where a man sat, wakeful at midnight, to receive you.
Steve Knox|Don't give people the chance to possess you with their negativity; their gibberish can look so charming, but it can't make you a better person.
Annalee Newitz|Yeah, I like to be the maker of the art. And I like and want the money. But I don't really dig being famous.
Laird Barron|From a mind filled with infinite love comes the power to create infinite possibilities. We have the power to think in ways that reflect and attract all the love in the world. Such thinking is called enlightenment. Enlightenment is not a process we work toward, but a choice available to us in any instant.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|If only I woulda done that.”“I really shoulda done that.”“I coulda done that.”I ask, “Do you really know what your life would be like now if you made those choices?” Believing in regret strips away our only chance to create a better future. That chance: what we decide to do today, right now, in the present.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|She took a step and didn't want to take any more, but she did.
Jay London|I roused myself from the book which I was dreaming over rather than reading, and left my chambers to meet the cool night air in the suburbs.
Hannah Moskowitz, Teeth|Sure. If she gets mugged, she can just flute them to death.
Siri Hustvedt, The Sorrows of an American|We read each other through our eyes, and anatomically they are an extension of our brains. When we catch someone's eye, we look into a mind.
Celine Dion|But Jeanie had just gone through the motions. No one would have realized, except perhaps her too-perceptive son-in-law, but that was one of the few perks of maturity: you knew how to dissemble.
Cathy Stevenson|Charity turned over and hugged the pillow, a quote from Newton making her smile. Sleeping late was really more scientific than working out. After all, a body at rest tends to remain at rest.
Debasish Mridha|Happiness is an awareness, perception, feeling, and imagination. Happiness is a state of mind not a condition.
Nnedi Okorafor, Home|Everything stayed hidden […] it was all secret – known by anyone who cared to know, but unacknowledged, like a priest’s feverish brightness around adolescent boys, or the beatings Mrs Wilson endured on those Saturdays when Dumfermline lost at home(p. 83-84)
Laura Weakley|Leadership isn't about power for the sake of power - not true leadership. Instead it deals with modeling behavior you want others to have, and with responsibility for being certain the people you lead are treated equitably, and with respect. Not an easy task. You can't make other people feel anything, or think anything; you can only try to teach them what you want them to feel and think and why you think they should act accordingly.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Learn to take sin seriously—be on guard against it and resist its tug, fight its power. But most of all learn to take the Holy Spirit seriously, calling on Him to help you overcome sin’s power and live a holy and godly life.
Terri Windling, Black Swan, White Raven|Fairy tales for adult readers remained popular throughout Europe well into the 19th century — particularly in Germany, where the Brothers Grimm published their massive collection of German fairy tales (revised and edited to reflect the Brothers’ patriotic and patriarchal ideals), providing inpiration for novelists, poets, and playrights among the German Romantics. Recently, fairy tale scholars have re–discovered the enormous body of work produced by women writers associated with the German Romantics: Grisela von Arnim, Sophie Tieck Bernhardi, Karoline von Günderrode, Julie Berger, and Sophie Albrecht, to name just a few.
William Shakespeare, King Lear|The afternoon light brightening the green in her eyes, her tan skin the last memory of fall
Harrish Sairaman|I may walk a different path than you, but it doesn't mean that either one of us is lost.
Jessica Abel, Growing Gills: How to Find Creative Focus When You’re Drowning in Your Daily Life|I sit in front of the notebook and feel like it’s just too late for me. And that this book isn’t working, nothing’s working, everything feels like it’s made of spiders.
David Levithan, Every Day|The sound of words as they're said is always different from the sound they make when they're heard, because the speakers hears some of the sound from the inside.
Emme Rollins, Dear Rockstar|Placing one last kiss over her heart, he lifted his head to find her staring at him with The Look—the one that told a guy when a woman was leaving Let’s Screw For Fun City and headed straight for Let’s Pick Out China Town—written all over her pretty face.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Eena, The Return of a Queen|Wanting help, I reached out to serve. Seeking happiness, I smiled and offered comfort. Yearning for love, I showed love. And now I understand. My life was never about me, it was always about you.
Erich Fromm, Love, Sexuality and Matriarchy: About Gender|People do not see that the main question is not : "Am I loved?" which is to a large extent the question : "Am I approved of? Am I protected? Am I admired?" The main question is: "Can I love?
Candace Bushnell, Lipstick Jungle|Steam Lodge Song of the Sun Dance Ceremony:A voice, I will send. Hear me! The land All over, A voice I am sending! Hear me! I will live! 
Maurice Blanchot|The authentic answer is always the question’s vitality. It can close in around the question, but it does so in order to preserve the question by keeping it open.
Carroll Bryant|When it comes to being famous, you’re usually the last to know, and the first to deny it. Unless you were already famous in your head. In which case, party on, Wayne! Party on, Garth!
J.K. Rowling|Yeah, his school! It was his first real home, the place that meant he was special; it meant everything to him, and even after he left -""This is You-Know-Who we're talking about, right? Not you?" inquired Ron.
Maggie Nelson, Bluets|One thing they don’t tell you ’bout the blues when you got ’em, you keep on fallin’ ’cause there ain't no bottom,' sings Emmylou Harris, and she may be right. Perhaps it would help to be told that there is no bottom, save, as they say, wherever and whenever you stop digging. You have to stand there, spade in hand, cold whiskey sweat beaded on your brow, eyes misshapen and wild, some sorry-ass grave digger grown bone-tired of the trade. You have to stand there in the dirty rut you dug, alone in the darkness, in all its pulsing quiet, surrounded by the scandal of corpses.
Ziad K. Abdelnour|I am only a peasant by position, not by nature!
Jasmine Warga, My Heart and Other Black Holes|Yes, I'm broken. And yes, he's broken. But the more we talk about it, the more we share our sadness, the more I start to believe that there could be a chance to fix us, a chance that we could save each other.
Jonathan Tropper, How to Talk to a Widower|My mother remains unmatched in quality, competent in business process, and is never contested for any faults
Richard Adams, Watership Down|It's all nonsense. It's only nonsense. I'm not afraid of the rain. I'm not afraid of the rain. Oh, oh, God, I wish I wasn't.' She was crying. I comforted her and she stopped crying. But outside it kept on raining.
Ashish Dalela|I forget if it was the Mathematician of Alexandria who said that geometry is beauty laid bare or the Father of Relativity who made the claim for physics,” Darger said. “She is, in either case, ravishing.
Emily Ann Benedict, Perception|You're my guardian angel, Abbey," she said as she climbed into the car."No, not really, Sam. I'm just a messenger.""But that’s what angels are. That’s how God says, 'I'm here, and it's going to be all right.
Courtney Brandt, Confessions of a Teenage Band Geek|Denny gave me a strange look when I showed up in the band room, but I have always believed playing drums is no excuse not to look cute. Besides, if McDaniel shows up, I want to look my best. Oh, crap, I should be paying attention. “Did you hear anything I said?”I answer honestly, “No.”Denny runs a hand through his spiked hair and asks, “Do you really want to learn how to march?”“I have to learn to march if I want to be a part of the section, right?”“Right.”“Then, it doesn’t really matter if I want to do anything. It’s something I have to do.”Denny looks confused and partially like he’s completely regretting the decision to add me to his section, but proceeds to teach me drill for the better part of two hours. While we run through the steps, I look longingly over at my quints, which I have secretly decided to name Quincy.
Whitney Otto, How to Make an American Quilt|…she eventually forgave him, because she understood him.
Diogenes|I have passed English medical examinations in Hong Kong... In my youth, I experienced overseas studies. The languages of the West, its literature, its political science, its customs, its mathematics, its geography, its physics and chemistry - all these I have had the chance to study.
Edward Thorndike|Higher education is confronting challenges, like the economy is, about the need for a higher number of more adequately trained, more highly educated citizenry.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, Triple Agent, Double Cross|He learned...never to show his anger or hatred against a stronger adversary, for fear of being crushed.
William Deresiewicz, Excellent Sheep: The Miseducation of the American Elite and the Way to a Meaningful Life|The purpose of college, to put this all another way, is to turn adolescents into adults. You needn't go to school for that, but if you're going to be there anyway, then that's the most important thing to get accomplished. That is the true education: accept no substitutes. The idea that we should take the first four years of young adulthood and devote them to career preparation alone, neglecting every other part of life, is nothing short of an obscenity. If that's what people had you do, then you were robbed. And if you find yourself to be the same person at the end of college as you were at the beginning - the same beliefs, the same values, the same desires, the same goals for the same reasons - then you did it wrong. Go back and do it again.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|There are two missions we are obligated to carry out during our life journey. The first, is to seek Truth throughout our lifetime. The second, is simply to be good. Engrave it in your mind that life is just one big board game where you have to make it from start to finish by being good. That is all you have to do. The hardest part, is dealing with all the obstacles that prevent smooth sailing. The trick is, to always strive to be the right person in all situations – regardless of personal cost to you. Your aim is to make sure the right book on your shoulder weighs more that the bad book on the left. The scales are real. Regardless of your chosen faith, there is a measurement system to be found in all of the world's religions. After all, does it make sense for all souls, good or bad, to end up in the same place? Of course not. To really secure the very best setting in the afterlife, the vibrations of your good deeds must surpass your death.
Akira Kurosawa, Something Like an Autobiography|Information and communication technologies have changed the way of life completely. Nowadays, many people reach for their smart phones and/or turn their computers on as soon as they wake up. They look at the news on social networks and check e-mails, before they get dressed or have breakfast.
Christy Reece, Rescue Me|What is it?”“You have to promise you'll never leave me.”“Okay.”Jordan grinned, delighted at her easy agreement.
Nicholas D. Kristof|I hate to mention age, but I come from an era when we weren't consumed by technology and television.
Jay Woodman|you are not an athlete because of what you can do, but because of who you are: a team player, someone who never quits, who strives to be his personal best, and who believes in fair play.
Cornelia Maude Spelman|I've tried to teach what I learned all those years in my mother and father's house, all those things I didn't realize I was learning and that I never knew I'd be so grateful for. When you have love and it's proffered every day in a kind of tender, yet stern insistence and even reckless laughter, when it is given to you and you accept it in life as a thing as natural as rain or snow, or the littler of leaves in fall, you can't help but take it for granted. For a bewildered while you incorrectly understand that the world has given you this becuase it's there in equal measure, everywhere. You never knowuntil it's too late to do anything about it, how seet the effort is: how lasting the human will to love can be in the breast of people who want to make it for you, who want to give it to you, without calculating what's in it fo them, without thinking at all of what it will mean when you grow to full adulthood, see the world as it is, and forget to mention what you have been given.Ever day of my grown-up life, I have wanted to do what my parents did. I have wanted to widen the province of love and weaken hate and bitterness in the hearts of my children. And I've done these things because of what I got from my family, all those lovely years when I was growing up, being loved and cherished and, unbeknown to me, and in the best way, honored, for myself.
Habib Sadeghi, Within|If God is love, and nothing imperfect can exist in the presence of God; then healing is simply the process of bringing love to the places within us that are hurting.
Shannon L. Alder|Most misunderstandings in the world could be avoided if people would simply take the time to ask, "What else could this mean?
Jack Ma|No one has proof that I know of, that a higher power exists, yet a major portion of the world believes in it and relies on it in faith in trust, in what that is. Where is the science in that? And yet you have incredible belief in that.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|I've just had a really evil idea.""My favourite kind
Marc Andreessen|All images generated by imaging technology are viewed in a walled-off location not visible to the public. The officer assisting the passenger never sees the image, and the officer viewing the image never interacts with the passenger. The imaging technology that we use cannot store, export, print or transmit images.
Patrick Anderson Jr., Quarter Life Crisis|You're the sort of girl that should only have happiness, you know? Who should wake up smiling, feeling special because someone does everything they can to make that so.
Friedrich Nietzsche, The Gay Science|One not only wants to be understood when one writes, but also quite as certainly not to be understood. It is by no means an objection to a book when someone finds it unintelligible: perhaps this might just have been the intention of its author, perhaps he did not want to be understood by "anyone”. A distinguished intellect and taste, when it wants to communicate its thoughts, always selects its hearers; by selecting them, it at the same time closes its barriers against "the others". It is there that all the more refined laws of style have their origin: they at the same time keep off, they create distance, they prevent "access" (intelligibility, as we have said,) while they open the ears of those who are acoustically related to them.
Abhijit Naskar|Real atheist is not the one that does not believe in an imaginary big monkey, but the one that gives the imagination more importance than the reality.
Emme Rollins, Dear Rockstar|We fell into each other’s arms and kissed like we were coming up for air after being underwater for days. The melding of our mouths was sweeter than oxygen. We took huge, deep gulps of each other as we struggled with worldly constraints like clothing and gravity, seeking to transcend it all in our coming together.
George Orwell|Being confident is the key to life. Don't be afraid to be you! I'm super different from a lot of kids my age with style and personality, and I'm OK with it. And if you are OK with it, everyone else will be, too. Just be yourself.
Angel Ramon Medina, The Thousand Years War|Feeling for the first time what it meant to kick open doors that kept closing, no matter how many legends had already passed through.
Jake Wood, Among You: The Extraordinary True Story of a Soldier Broken By War|But people misunderstand warfare and think it is an end unto itself. But on the international stage, war is nothing more than another tool of diplomacy. If your country doesn’t have a credible, powerful military force capable of bringing pain, death, and destruction to an enemy, then your diplomats can’t get much done, because you simply aren’t powerful—there’s no threat of pain they can wield. That’s why the western Pacific island nation of Nauru doesn’t have a seat on the UN Security Council. Not recognizing this principle is shortsighted (no disrespect intended to the fine people of Nauru).
Wendy Morgan|As my mother used to say: "Mimic a duck act calm and unruffled on the surface  but paddle like crazy underneath."
Colum McCann, TransAtlantic|His body, his mind, his soul, had, for years, served only for the profit of others. He had his own people to whom he was pledged. Three million. They were the currency of his freedom.
Michael Finkel, The Stranger in the Woods: The Extraordinary Story of the Last True Hermit|You should always aim to be your own mouse, Lieam. In fact...you already are. You are not so quick to jump into danger as Saxon and not as pensive of mind as Kenzie. They rely on each other too much. Saxon knows he can afford to be reckless since Kenzie acts as his conscience. And Kenzie can linger in his thoughts and plans, because he knows Saxon can defend him. I tested Kenzie earlier. I wanted to see if he would be swayed by my advice. It took Saxon's coaxing to make up the greyfur's mind. Be compleete with in yourself young redfur...you will never disappoint. Even in solitude.
Steve Buscemi|There’s something about being naïve. Really interesting things come because you don’t know what the rules are, what you can and can’t do.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close|I hope she can’t tell that I’m appraising her and that I’m completely worried by what I see. She’s excitable and strange. She’s ten. What do people do during the day when they’re ten? She runs her fingers along the window and mumbles, “This could give me bird flu,” and then she forms a circle around her mouth with her hand and makes trumpet noises. She’s nuts. Who knows what’s going on in that head of hers, and speaking of her head, she most definitely could use a haircut or a brushing. There are small tumbleweeds of hair resting on the top of her head. Where does she get haircuts? I wonder. Has she ever had one before? She scratches her scalp, then looks at her nails. She wears a shirt that says I’M NOT THAT KIND OF GIRL. BUT I CAN BE! I’m grateful that she isn’t too pretty, but I realize this could change.
Vasily Kandinsky|Color is the keyboard, the eyes are the hammers, the soul is the piano with its many chords. The artist is the hand that, by touching this or that key, sets the soul vibrating automatically.
Martin Seligman|The world is full of a lot of fear and a lot of negativity, and a lot of judgment. I just think people need to start shifting into joy and happiness. As corny as it sounds, we need to make a shift.
Roberto Bolaño, 2666|For her, reading was directly linked to pleasure, not to knowledge or enigmas or constructions or verbal labyrinths…
Israelmore Ayivor|When you aspire to inspire before you expire, you conspire to inspire even after you pause to respire. Keep pushing it!
H.W. Brands, American Colossus: The Triumph of Capitalism, 1865-1900|Why work today? I'll take Tuesday on, just like I took Monday off. That's just the kind of dedicated worker I am.
Mohammad Azharuddin|Life is truly known only to those who suffer, lose, endure adversity and stumble from defeat to defeat.
Monica Hesse|But I supposed love doesn't stop, even in wars.
Larken Rose|If you think that you are living in a stupid country, you can be sure that you are being governed by the most stupid people!
Samantha Chase, Always My Girl|You're the devil, you know that, right?"	His smile grew and became just a bit wicked. "You know it, sweetheart.
Nick Hornby, The Polysyllabic Spree|Anyone and everyone taking a writing class knows that the secret of good writing is to cut it back, pare it down, winnow, chop, hack, prune, and trim, remove every superfluous word, compress, compress, compress...Actually, when you think about it, not many novels in the Spare tradition are terribly cheerful. Jokes you can usually pluck out whole, by the roots, so if you're doing some heavy-duty prose-weeding, they're the first to go. And there's some stuff about the whole winnowing process I just don't get. Why does it always stop when the work in question has been reduced to sixty or seventy thousand words--entirely coincidentally, I'm sure, the minimum length for a publishable novel? I'm sure you could get it down to twenty or thirty if you tried hard enough. In fact, why stop at twenty or thirty? Why write at all? Why not just jot the plot and a couple of themes down on the back of an envelope and leave it at that? The truth is, there's nothing very utilitarian about fiction or its creation, and I suspect that people are desperate to make it sound manly, back-breaking labor because it's such a wussy thing to do in the first place. The obsession with austerity is an attempt to compensate, to make writing resemble a real job, like farming, or logging. (It's also why people who work in advertising put in twenty-hour days.) Go on, young writers--treat yourself to a joke, or an adverb! Spoil yourself! Readers won't mind!
Dale Carnegie|Once you have a lot of success, you become a target in many ways.
Annie Dillard, For the Time Being|I guess I haven’t mentioned it before but I was, I am and I think I might always remain in love with you,” he said with such passion that I froze in surprise. He went on. “And just so you know, I am prepared to fight for you, regardless of whether or not you share my sentiments.
Anat Talshir, About the Night|When big things happen," he hold her, "time flows differently. For instance, who says the world was created in six days? Maybe a day was like sixty years. Or even a thousand of a million, like it says in Psalms: For a thousand years in Thy sight are but as yesterday when it is past.
Avina Celeste|Set your mark on humanity by being your own unique self and doing the things that make your heart shine. With such passion, you can make an impact on the world.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If I have attached anything to sacrifice other than loss, I have at some level assumed a pay-off. And if I’ve assumed a pay-off, I’m only assuming a sacrifice.
Mitch Daniels|Going meat-free can make a huge difference. Studies show that vegetarians are, on average, 10 to 20 pounds lighter than meat-eaters and that a vegetarian diet reduces our risk of heart disease by 40 percent and adds seven or more years to our lifespan.
Herbert Hoover|In Venezuela Chavez has made the co-ops a top political priority, giving them first refusal on government contracts and offering them economic incentives to trade with one another. By 2006, there were roughly 100,000 co-operatives in the country, employing more than 700,000 workers. Many are pieces of state infrastructure – toll booths, highway maintenance, health clinics – handed over to the communities to run. It’s a reverse of the logic of government outsourcing – rather than auctioning off pieces of the state to large corporations and losing democratic control, the people who use the resources are given the power to manage them, creating, at least in theory, both jobs and more responsive public services. Chavez’s many critics have derided these initiatives as handouts and unfair subsidies, of course. Yet in an era when Halliburton treats the U.S. government as its personal ATM for six years, withdraws upward of $20 billion in Iraq contracts alone, refuses to hire local workers either on the Gulf coast or in Iraq, then expresses its gratitude to U.S. taxpayers by moving its corporate headquarters to Dubai (with all the attendant tax and legal benefits), Chavez’s direct subsidies to regular people look significantly less radical.
Bram Stoker, Dracula|No one dreamed them up. No one needed to. The vampire clawing at the window, the werewolf prowling the moor, the hags at the crossroads – they lurked here already. Some nightmares are ancient, as old as civilization. Some are older still.
|Your true friends are those who evaluate you by who you are as a person, and not by what you have or don't have.
Pope Francis|Have we not come to such an impasse in the modern world that we must love our enemies - or else? The chain reaction of evil - hate begetting hate, wars producing more wars - must be broken, or else we shall be plunged into the dark abyss of annihilation.
John Joly|I would warn you that I do not attribute to nature either beauty or deformity, order or confusion. Only in relation to our imagination can things be called beautiful or ugly, well-ordered or confused.
Christine de Pizan, The Book of the City of Ladies|If it were customary to send little girls to school and teach them the same subjects as are taught to boys, they would learn just as fully and would understand the subtleties of all arts and sciences.
Sara Sheridan|As a reader you recognise that feeling when you're lost in a book? You know the one - when whatever's going on around you seems less real than what you're reading and all you want to do is keep going deeper into the story whether it's about being halfway up a mountain in Brazil in 1823 of in love with a man you aren't sure you can trust or fighting a war in the last human outpost, somewhere beyond the moon. Well, if you're writing that book it's real for you too.
Woody Allen|Sex between a man and a woman can be wonderful, provided you can get between the right man and the right woman.
Socrates|The higher we are placed, the more humbly we should walk.
Charlie Kimball|Russia does not have a modern economy: it's a petro-power. The only thing it sells that the world wants to buy is oil and natural gas. When was the last time anyone bought a Russian computer? A Russian car? A Russian cell phone? Russia is so dependent on high energy prices that if oil falls below $100 a barrel, the Kremlin can't meet payroll.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Did you ever ask yourself if each one of us pursued a high educational degree, who would do the skilled manual work? Craftsmanship may not earn us the money we want but that does not mean we should scorn on anyone doing it. We are obliged to be respectful and grateful to anyone using their hands to clean our households, trim our hedges,carpentry our furniture, farm our food, crafts the objects we collect and gift, style our hairs, etc. Next time you encounter a crafts person acknowledge their manual competence.
Tom Chatfield, How to Thrive in the Digital Age|When a human being becomes a set of data on a website like Facebook, he or she is reduced. Everything shrinks. Individual character. Friendships. Language. Sensibility. In a way it’s a transcendent experience: we lose our bodies, our messy feelings, our desires, our fears.
Jenny Lundquist, The Charming Life of Izzy Malone|As for learning to wear high heels, no need to worry. I've got no tolerance for those dreadful things. If God wanted us girls tottering around like a bunch of drunken sailors, we'd have been born wearing stilts!
Nicholas Eames, Kings of the Wyld|You get up each morning and do what you can to survive. Nothing else is true, and nothing else matters.
Jorge Gw, Awesome Happiness Now|You have to be the right type for calm waters. For some, dead calm is inner peace, for others it's the doldrums.
Lisa Kessler, Magnolia Mystic|First rule of a pirate’s mate, keep yer eye on yer destination, not yer doom.
James Joyce, A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man|And what would we be, we sinful creatures, without fear, perhaps the most foresighted, the most loving of the divine gifts?
Jamie McGuire, Beautiful Disaster|We are like guests on this Earth, either we get to be nice or we get to be bad
Charlotte Brontë, Villette|People listening to songs are like people reading novels: for a few minutes, for a few hours, someone else gets to come in and hijack that part of your brain that's always thinking. A good book or song kidnaps your interior voice and does all the driving. With the artist in charge you're free for a little while to leave your body and be someone else.
Christopher Bram, Eminent Outlaws: The Gay Writers Who Changed America|Authors are but the instrument to be played. The art is inside them, but many people help create it.
Agatha Christie, Death Comes as the End|The only clue to what is in people's minds is in their behavior. If a man behaves strangely, oddly, is not himself--Then you suspect him?No. That is just what I mean. A man whose mind is evil and whose intentions are evil is conscious of that fact and he knows that he must conceal it all costs. He dare not, therefore, afford any unusual behavior.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Our sacred duty is to love, motivate and pray for one another, so that, we all received grace of God, for every good deed.
Albert Camus, The Plague|Tarrou had "lost the match," as he put it. But what had he, Rieux, won? No more than the experience of having known plague and remembering it, of having known friendship and remembering it, of knowing affection and being destined one day to remember it. So all a man could win in the conflict between plague and life was knowledge and memories. But Tarrou, perhaps, would have called that winning the match.
Alain de Botton|Besides, those whose suffering is due to love are, as we say of certain invalids, their own physicians. As consolation can come to them only from the person who is the cause of their grief, and as their grief is an emanation from that person, it is there, in their grief itself, that they must in the end find a remedy: which it will disclose to them at a given moment, for as long as they turn it over in their minds this grief will continue to show them fresh aspects of the loved, the regretted creature, at one moment so intensely hateful that one has no longer the slightest desire to see her, since before finding enjoyment in her company one would have first to make her suffer, at another so pleasant that the pleasantness in which one has invested her one adds to her own stock of good qualities and finds in it a fresh reason for hope.
Peter Ackroyd, Hawksmoor|I have liv'd long enough for others, like the Dog in the Wheel, and it is now the Season to begin for myself: I cannot change that Thing call'd Time, but I can alter its Posture and, as Boys do turn a looking-glass against the Sunne, so I will dazzle you all.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|A photograph shouldn't be just a picture, it should be a philosophy.
Elizabeth Marshall Thomas|Reflective of the deep sense of gratitude and respect Mongolians reserved for wolves, there was a belief that only through wolves could the spirit of a deceased human be set free to go to Heaven.
J.E.B. Spredemann, Amish by Accident|Thirteen years of friendship had bonded us together more thoroughly than if we had been born of the same mother. Even at this late stage, I was unwilling to let him go.
Maxwell Perkins, Dear Scott/Dear Max: The Fitzgerald-Perkins Correspondence|Whenever any of these new writers come up who are brilliant, I always realize that you have more talent and more skill than any of them;---but circumstances have prevented you from realizing upon the fact for a long time. [About F. Scott Fitzgerald]
Edna  Robinson, The Trouble with the Truth|Once in a very blue moon, John Tallow imagined his younger self standing down the timeline of his present life, bare toes curling in teenage beach sand, looking ahead to today and watching his future life collapse in on itself like a dying star. His future life becoming small and dark and dense, its gravity apparently grim and inescapable.Once in a very blue moon, John Tallow spent some cash on a bottle of vodka and drank it at home within an hour.
Helen Simpson, Cockfosters|Sometimes when she woke from a flabbergasting dream Liz would lie very still to see if she could net it before it fled; perfectly still, eyes closed, not moving her head, as if the slightest shift would tip the story-bearing liquid, break its fragile meniscus and spill the night’s elusive catch.
Megan Bostic, Never Eighteen|When the tram has arrived at the stop, you have to be there! Calculate where a good opportunity will stop and be there!
Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath|I feel good with my husband: I like his warmth and his bigness and his being-there and his making and his jokes and stories and what he reads and how he likes fishing and walks and pigs and foxes and little animals and is honest and not vain or fame-crazy and how he shows his gladness for what I cook him and joy for when I make him something, a poem or a cake, and how he is troubled when I am unhappy and wants to do anything so I can fight out my soul-battles and grow up with courage and a philosophical ease. I love his good smell and his body that fits with mine as if they were made in the same body-shop to do just that. What is only pieces, doled out here and there to this boy and that boy, that made me like pieces of them, is all jammed together in my husband. So I don't want to look around any more: I don't need to look around for anything.
Christopher Peter Grey, Leonardo's Shadow: Or, My Astonishing Life as Leonardo Da Vinci's Servant|Oh, Gods."His eyes shone with want and predatory satisfaction. "The name's William. It's a common mistake.
Compton Gage|If one million of you give assent to the one thousand who participate in the murder of a child, then one million of you are a million times guilty.
Carlos Castañeda, The Active Side of Infinity|We have a predator that came from the depths of the cosmos and took over the rule of our lives. Human beings are its prisoners. The Predator is our lord and master. It has rendered us docile, helpless. If we want to protest, it suppresses our protest. If we want to act independently, it demands that we don't do so... I have been beating around the bush all this time, insinuating to you that something is holding us prisoner. Indeed we are held prisoner! "This was an energetic fact for the sorcerers of ancient Mexico ... They took us over because we are food for them, and they squeeze us mercilessly because we are their sustenance. just as we rear chickens in chicken coops, the predators rear us in human coops, humaneros. Therefore, their food is always available to them." "No, no, no, no," [Carlos replies] "This is absurd don Juan. What you're saying is something monstrous. It simply can't be true, for sorcerers or for average men, or for anyone." "Why not?" don Juan asked calmly. "Why not? Because it infuriates you? ... You haven't heard all the claims yet. I want to appeal to your analytical mind. Think for a moment, and tell me how you would explain the contradictions between the intelligence of man the engineer and the stupidity of his systems of beliefs, or the stupidity of his contradictory behaviour. Sorcerers believe that the predators have given us our systems of belief, our ideas of good and evil, our social mores. They are the ones who set up our hopes and expectations and dreams of success or failure. They have given us covetousness, greed, and cowardice. It is the predators who make us complacent, routinary, and egomaniacal." "'But how can they do this, don Juan? [Carlos] asked, somehow angered further by what [don Juan] was saying. "'Do they whisper all that in our ears while we are asleep?" "'No, they don't do it that way. That's idiotic!" don Juan said, smiling. "They are infinitely more efficient and organized than that. In order to keep us obedient and meek and weak, the predators engaged themselves in a stupendous manoeuvre stupendous, of course, from the point of view of a fighting strategist. A horrendous manoeuvre from the point of view of those who suffer it. They gave us their mind! Do you hear me? The predators give us their mind, which becomes our mind. The predators' mind is baroque, contradictory, morose, filled with the fear of being discovered any minute now." "I know that even though you have never suffered hunger... you have food anxiety, which is none other than the anxiety of the predator who fears that any moment now its manoeuvre is going to be uncovered and food is going to be denied. Through the mind, which, after all, is their mind, the predators inject into the lives of human beings whatever is convenient for them. And they ensure, in this manner, a degree of security to act as a buffer against their fear." "The sorcerers of ancient Mexico were quite ill at ease with the idea of when [the predator] made its appearance on Earth. They reasoned that man must have been a complete being at one point, with stupendous insights, feats of awareness that are mythological legends nowadays. And then, everything seems to disappear, and we have now a sedated man. What I'm saying is that what we have against us is not a simple predator. It is very smart, and organized. It follows a methodical system to render us useless. Man, the magical being that he is destined to be, is no longer magical. He's an average piece of meat." "There are no more dreams for man but the dreams of an animal who is being raised to become a piece of meat: trite, conventional, imbecilic.
Clarice Lispector, Near to the Wild Heart|It was darker, all she could see of him was a shadow. He was fading more and more, slipping through her hands, dead at the bottom of sleep.
Miguel Reynolds Brandao, The Sustainable Organisation - a paradigm for a fairer society: Think about sustainability in an age of technological progress and rising inequality|I see entrepreneurship, like many other activities, as a type of mission. A mission by which we can provide better life chances and quality for both our current and future generations.
Molly Friedenfeld, The Book of Simple Human Truths|Love will commit, or love will commit suicide.
Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel|So many broken promises, each day an aborted wish, a lost object, a misplaced unread book, cluttering the room like an attic with discarded possessions.
Phyllis Chesler, An American Bride in Kabul|The chowdry, or burqa -- the Saudi, North African, and Central Asian version of the head, face, and body shroud -- is a sensory deprivation isolation chamber. It is claustrophobic, may lead to anxiety and depression, and reinforces a woman's already low self-esteem. It may also lead to vitamin D deficiency diseases such as osteoporosis and heart disease. Sensory deprivation officially constitutes torture and is practiced as such in the world's prisons.
W.H. Auden|Small tyrants, threatened by big,sincerely believethey love liberty.
Brandan Roberston, Nomad: A spirituality for travelling light|…Jesus spent more time eating, drinking and lounging with 'tax collectors and sinners' than explaining the Roman Roadmap to Heaven or undermining their belief system.
Matshona Dhliwayo|In trees, monkeys rule;on land, lions rule;in the sky, eagles rule;in the waters, whales rule.
Jean Sevillia, Historiquement incorrect|The crisis of history in France, is a crisis of social bond, a crisis of citizenship. A citizen is the heir of a past more or less mythified, but he makes his own, whatever his personal genealogy. Today, under the pretext that the country has undergone considerable changes, some would like to transform the past in order to adopt it to the new face of France. Nothing, however, will make the past anything other than what it was. To pretend to change history is a totalitarian project: One who has control of the past has control over the future, one who has control over the present has control over the past, as George Orwell wrote in 1984.
S.C. Parris, The Immortal's Guide|Maybe I had been making a greater monster of him than he really was, or maybe I was still under his influence, for I was certain that he wanted me to believe he was no more than a harmless man who happened to use vampirism to get what he desired. Some remnant of his mesmerism was still upon me. I had never been able to shake the feeling that he was tucked away in a corner of my mind, that he could read my thoughts, know what I was thinking. He had done something to me, but what that was, I had never been able to discover. All I knew was that the feeling had been with me since the morning I woke up and found myself in Venice.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When you attain the highest wisdom, you will disappear physically because people will start seeing only your ideas and thinking about only your wisdom; you will die physically and you will turn into an empty chair full of universe simply!
Amy Leigh Mercree, The Compassion Revolution: 30 Days of Living from the Heart|Kindness alchemizes the soul, and a sweeter, richer life is the delicious result.
Igor Stravinsky|I can forgive, but I cannot forget, is only another way of saying, I will not forgive. Forgiveness ought to be like a cancelled note - torn in two, and burned up, so that it never can be shown against one.
William Osler|For the last third of life there remains only work. It alone is always stimulating, rejuvenating, exciting and satisfying.
Jonathan Stroud, The Amulet of Samarkand|I’m tough, I’m ambitious, and I know exactly what I want. If that makes me a bitch, okay.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Stop lying to yourself. When we deny our own truth, we deny our own potential.
Gavin Newsom|While the House of Blues slogan has been 'In blues we trust,' its stages are usually filled with more reliable moneymakers - Neil Diamond and A Tribe Called Quest among them.
Abhijit Naskar, The Film Testament|Make movies my friend – make nice, inspiring and bold movies that will penetrate the darkest corners of the human mind and illuminate the soul.
Auliq Ice|I crave for knowledge. I envy tolerant, peaceful folks. I am frightened by ignorance. I loathe violence.
Adam Grant|I love to dance, so I'm definitely always the first one out on the dance floor. And when it comes to guys, I don't get shy. So if I wasn't with a date, I wouldn't have a problem going up to a guy and just saying, 'Are you gonna dance with me?' Trust me, it'll work for you too! Guys like it when you aren't afraid to make the first move.
Akif Kichloo, Poems That Lose|That window which connects youto the agony of other people;that’s your soul.Close that window and you are soulless. And a soulless man is vestigial.He hears but cannot listen. He sees but cannot notice.And everyone knows:when eyes and ears become jobless,We look for excuses.We hear angels and devils speak. We confabulate.We make up godsand lick their feet.—Superstitions
Georgina Chapman|I think there are certain tenets set in place for all different types on genres. For thrillers, women usually die first. I can't say exactly why, and it's kind of a bummer... But I also can't explain why the wallflower girl in the romantic comedy always gets the guy in the end. That's just the way those movies go.
Michelle Phan|I don't think I have ever taken any 'offbeat' advice. Actually, I don't know I take any advice very often. I trust my own instincts and seek out information so I can make fully informed decisions. That's what's worked for me.
Wilhelm Reich, Listen, Little Man!|It is the fate of great achievements, born from a way of life that sets truth before security, to be gobbled up by you and excreted in the form of shit. For centuries great, brave, lonely men have been telling you what to do. Time and again you have corrupted, diminished and demolished their teachings; time and again you have been captivated by their weakest points, taken not the great truth, but some trifling error as your guiding principal. This, little man, is what you have done with Christianity, with the doctrine of sovereign people, with socialism, with everything you touch. Why, you ask, do you do this? I don't believe you really want an answer. When you hear the truth you'll cry bloody murder, or commit it. … You had your choice between soaring to superhuman heights with Nietzsche and sinking into subhuman depths with Hitler. You shouted Heil! Heil! and chose the subhuman. You had the choice between Lenin's truly democratic constitution and Stalin's dictatorship. You chose Stalin's dictatorship. You had your choice between Freud's elucidation of the sexual core of your psychic disorders and his theory of cultural adaptation. You dropped the theory of sexuality and chose his theory of cultural adaptation, which left you hanging in mid-air. You had your choice between Jesus and his majestic simplicity and Paul with his celibacy for priests and life-long compulsory marriage for yourself. You chose the celibacy and compulsory marriage and forgot the simplicity of Jesus' mother, who bore her child for love and love alone. You had your choice between Marx's insight into the productivity of your living labor power, which alone creates the value of commodities and the idea of the state. You forgot the living energy of your labor and chose the idea of the state. In the French Revolution, you had your choice between the cruel Robespierre and the great Danton. You chose cruelty and sent greatness and goodness to the guillotine. In Germany you had your choice between Goring and Himmler on the one hand and Liebknecht, Landau, and Muhsam on the other. You made Himmler your police chief and murdered your great friends. You had your choice between Julius Streicher and Walter Rathenau. You murdered Rathenau. You had your choice between Lodge and Wilson. You murdered Wilson. You had your choice between the cruel Inquisition and Galileo's truth. You tortured and humiliated the great Galileo, from whose inventions you are still benefiting, and now, in the twentieth century, you have brought the methods of the Inquisition to a new flowering. … Every one of your acts of smallness and meanness throws light on the boundless wretchedness of the human animal. 'Why so tragic?' you ask. 'Do you feel responsible for all evil?' With remarks like that you condemn yourself. If, little man among millions, you were to shoulder the barest fraction of your responsibility, the world would be a very different place. Your great friends wouldn't perish, struck down by your smallness.
Elle Macpherson|I don't know who invented high heels, but all women owe him a lot.
Ruta Sepetys, Between Shades of Gray|Sadness, disappointment, and severe challenge are events in life, not life itself. I do not minimize how hard some of these events are. They can extend over a long period of time, but they should not be allowed to become the confining center of everything you do. The Lord inspired Lehi to declare the fundamental truth, “Men are, that they might have joy.” That is a conditional statement: “they might have joy.” It is not conditional for the Lord. His intent is that each of us finds joy. It will not be conditional for you as you obey the commandments, have faith in the Master, and do the things that are necessary to have joy here on earth.
Taylor Jenkins Reid, After I Do|She had sought me out. I knew it would happen. Even if I had switched to a different section, she would have sought me out all the same. She, who hid in the crowd, who didn’t want anyone to see her behind her veil of averted eyes and aloofness. When I stepped forward, she came out, too. And she pointed and said, revealing a child’s wanton smile: “That’s the one I want.” And like a potted sunflower that had just been sold to a customer, I was taken away. There was no way to refuse. This, from a beautiful girl that I was already deeply, viscerally attracted to. Things were getting good.
Kate Chopin, The Awakening|...when I left her to-day, she put her arms around me and felt my shoulder blades, to see if my wings were strong, she said. 'The bird that would soar above the level plain of tradition and prejudice must have strong wings. It is a sad spectacle to see the weaklings bruised, exhausted, fluttering back to earth.' 
Kevin Michel, Subconscious Mind Power|The subconscious mind is actively maneuvering in the background to select the activities that will move you closest to the reality that is most consistent with your deeper self-concept. So to achieve wealth, power, fame, romance or peace, you must engage in the powerful task of shifting your subconscious.
Kris Kidd|I'm the most famous person, problem is people don't know it yet…
Anne Bishop, Queen of the Darkness|What was she doing here? Private detectives were for insecure housewives, parents of troubled teens, bent old ladies who'd forgotten where they parked. She was none of the above. She was a sane, stable, capable adult. Yet here she was.Desperate times, and all that.
Aidan Chambers|Secrets. Funny how, when you're about to be given something precious, something you've wanted for a long time, you suddenly feel nervous over taking it.Everyone wants more than anything to be allowed into someone else's most secret self. Everyone wants to allow someone into their most secret self. Everyone feels so alone inside that their deepest wish is for someone to know their secret being, because then they are alone no longer. Don't we all long for this? Yet when it's offered it's frightening, because you might not live up to the desires of the one who bestows the gift. And frightening because you know that accepting such a gift means you'll want-perhaps be expected- to offer a similar gift in return. Which means giving your *self* away. And what's more frightening than that?” ― Aidan Chambers, This is All: The Pillow Book of Cordelia Kenn
Lisa J. Shultz, A Chance to Say Goodbye: Reflections on Losing a Parent|Perhaps that is why we love life so much, Anjin-san. You see, we have to. Death is part of our air and see and earth.
Cheryl Strayed, Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar|This isn't a spotless life. There is much ahead, my immaculate little peach. And there is no way to say it other than to say it: marriage is indeed this horribly complex thing for which you appear to be ill prepared and about which you seem to be utterly naive. That's okay. A lot of people are. You can learn along the way. A good way to start would be to let fall your notions about "perfect couples." It's really such an impossible thing to either perceive honestly in others or live up to when others believe it about us. It does nothing but box some people in and shut other people out, and it ultimately makes just about everyone feel like shit. A perfect couple is a wholly private thing. No one but the two people in the perfect relationship know for certain whether they're in one. Its only defining quality is that it's composed of two people who feel perfectly right about sharing their lives with each other, even during the hard times.
Kody Keplinger, The DUFF: Designated Ugly Fat Friend|His eyes darkened as they moved from her face, to her breasts, to the tingling spot between her legs.She writhed beneath him, and he fell over her. “You want this?” he asked, his voice rumbling against the shell of her ear.Her entire body throbbed. “Yes.”“You want my mouth on you?”Heat flooded her, and her dry throat made it almost impossible to answer. “I do.” Oh God, she did. She really did.“Where?”“Everywhere,” she whispered.
Val Uchendu|Amidst a crowd of strangers,I still remain unknownto myself.
Markus Zusak, Underdog|I stood there and stared, into the sky and at the city around me. I stood, hands at my side, and I saw what had happened to me and who I was and the way things would always be for me. Truth. There was no more wishing, or wondering. I knew who I was, and what I would always do. I believed it, as my teeth touched and my eyes were overrun.
G.S. Jennsen, Vertigo|Good luck with the aliens, and if we survive this feel free to look me up on your next vacation.”“Good luck with the aliens? You are such a prick.
Mohadesa Najumi|Give someone everything you can think of, the wings to fly and the roots to stay. If they chose none of these hold the door open for them with a smile
Shane Carruth|When I was pregnant, I had the romantic idea that after the baby was born I would not only take up reading in earnest again, but also write a novel while my daughter slept in her Moses basket. Of course, I barely had time to keep up with my magazines until she started sleeping properly.
Anne Lamott, Bird by Bird: Some Instructions on Writing and Life|You own everything that happened to you. Tell your stories. If people wanted you to write warmly about them, they should've behaved better.
David Javerbaum| 'I thought you were an atheist,' Sjurd commented to hide the clench of his gut. He couldn't be stuck here while his country burned. 'Nobody's an atheist in a storm,' Celyn said absently, still frowning at the sky.
Lydia Thornton, Revival the True Fairy Tale|Let’s talk about adoration, people love adoration but they should not love it so much, because it can make them turn from the righteousness of God and His Holy Word to receive adoration from sinners who don’t believe and want their own way, so it is better to be humble, and obedient to God and suffer persecution of his Holy Word then to seek and long for adoration from men
Tom Stoppard|I was at Emily Carr College of Art and Design in Vancouver for four years, and I loved it.
Sam Kean, The Disappearing Spoon: And Other True Tales of Madness, Love, and the History of the World from the Periodic Table of the Elements|Germans at the time believed, a little oddly, that dyes killed germs by turning the germs’ vital organs the wrong color.
Erasmus Darwin, Phytologia; Or the Philosophy of Agriculture and Gardening. with the Theory of Draining Morasses, and with an Improved Construction of the Drill Plough. by Erasmus Darwin, M.D. F.R.S. Author of Zoonomia, and of the Botanic Garden.|If thou sustain injustice, console thyself; the true unhappiness is in doing it
Anna Rountree, The Priestly Bride|Even a King wishes to be loved for Himself, not for the gifts He bestows." He smiled at me. "If you do not enjoy being with Me now, why do you believe you will enjoy My company for eternity?" He smiled at me. "The pursuer wants to be pursued also." --- Jesus
Debasish Mridha|Nature is always talking to you, smiling to you, and singing to you. To understand, you just have to be open to listen with your heart and soul.
Joshua Bell|Video games are a special kind of play, but at root, they're about the same things as other games: embracing particular rules and restrictions in order to develop skills and experience rewards. When a game is well-designed, it's the balance between these factors that engages people on a fundamental level.
John Paul Butao|Decide the type of person you want to be, and when others aren’t looking, unique up on them.
Courtney Allison Moulton, Wings of the Wicked|You're right, Halt,' she said, and he nodded acklowledgement of her backing down.'Nice to hear someone else saying that for a change,' Will said cheerfully. 'Seems like I've said those words an awful lot in my time.'Halt turned a bleak gaze on him. 'And you've always been right.
Elbert Hubbard|Whenever you go out-of-doors, draw the chin in, carry the crown of the head high, and fill the lungs to the utmost; drink in the sunshine; greet your friends with a smile, and put soul into every handclasp. Do not fear being misunderstood and do not waste a minute thinking about your enemies. Try to fix firmly in your mind what you would like to do; and then, without veering off direction, you will move straight to the goal. Keep your mind on the great and splendid things you would like to do, and then, as the days go gliding away, you will find yourself unconsciously seizing upon the opportunities that are requiered for the fulfillment of your desire, just as the coral insect takes from the running tide the element it needs. Picture in your mind the able, earnest, useful person you desire to be, and the thought you hold is hourly transforming you into that particular individual... Thought is supreme. Preserve a right mental attitude - the attitude of courage, frankness, and good cheer. To think rightly is to create. All things come through desire and every sincere prayer is answered. We become like that on which our hearts are fixed. Carry your chin in and the crown of your head high. We are good in the chrysalis.
Katherine Dunn, Geek Love|They had painted a lady leaning her arms on the sill of the window. This lady was waiting for a husband. Her flesh was slack and she was some forty-five years old. Perhaps she had been waiting since she was fifteen. A rose and mauve lady that had not yet gathered her flesh and her beauty into dark clothes, and still waited, like a rose stripped of its petals, with her faded colors and her artificial smile, bitter as a grimace.
Paulo Coelho, Veronika Decides to Die|Basically, everything that happens in our life is our fault and ours alone. A lot of people go through the same difficulties we went through, and they react completely differently. We looked for the easiest way out: a separate reality
Toba Beta|If there was no free will in men, then there is no sins. When sins happened, it was 'free will' that made them doable. This is true, unless God has predestined human to do and to have sins.
Lord Robin|Let them ridicule you, laugh at you, hurt you & ignore you but never let them stop you.
Logan Lerman|When I come off the bench, I'm looking to add energy, and then I play defense and rebound. Also, at the end of the game, I have the experience to go out there and help us win.
Leslie Pietrzyk|No matter how good a story is, there is more at stake in the telling.
Salman Rushdie|I had a very difficult relationship with my father, which ended up okay, but there were many difficult years.
Saul Alinsky|Life can't defeat a writer who is in love with writing, for life itself is a writer's lover until death.
Simone Schwarz-Bart|Each word was shaped with certainty, and I felt, more strongly than ever before in my life, that I had at last found my true path. I knew the story would change as I told it. No one can tell as tory without transforming it in some way; it is part of the magic of storytelling. Like the troubadors of the past, who hid their messages in poems, songs and fairy tales, I too would hide my true purpose [ … ] It was by telling stories that I would save myself.
Takehiko Inoue|You had been a paper boy to me all these years - two dimensions as a character on the page and two different, but still flat, dimensions as a person. But that night you turned out to be real.
Scott Lynch, The Lies of Locke Lamora|I don't want to have these burdens. But I can't bear to turn them over to anyone else, either. Because, despite all the work, I like being in control of my own life.
Lilly Singh|From inside where I live, I feel like I just perceive events in a certain rational way. I often find it sad or poignant, and it may not make me laugh a bit. But I don't mind inventing a portrait that allows others to laugh if that's what they want to do.
Chuck Palahniuk, Choke|For sure, even the worst blow job is better than, say, sniffing the best rose ... watching the greatest sunset. Hearing children laugh.
Quli Qutub Shah|India is a place where colour is doubly bright. Pinks that scald your eyes, blues you could drown in.
Pauline Creeden, The Prodigal Life: Coming all the way home to God|Independence is counterfeit freedom. We think if we can make all our own choices and do our own thing, we will be free. But the opposite is true. By trying to be independent, we are attempting to take God’s place as the ruler of our lives. We can never succeed at creating happiness because we are the created, not the Creator.
Rachel Hawkins, Hex Hall|I heard the man and woman cry a warning as I frantically racked my brain for some sort of throat-repairing spell, which I was clearly about to need. Of course the only words that I actually managed to yell at the werewolf as he ran at me were, 'BAD DOG!'Then, out of the corner of my eye, I caught a flash of blue light on my left. Suddenly, the werewolf seemed to smack into an invisible wall just inches in front of me...."You know," someone said off to my left, "I usually find a blocking spell to be a lot more effective than yelling 'Bad dog,' but maybe that's just me.
Juan Williams|Evangelicals overwhelmingly voted for Ronald Reagan - not because he was the most religious candidate, but he possessed the quality evangelicals felt like was most important, and that is leadership.
Jewell Parker Rhodes|The single woman is a free woman, and being single does not mean being alone - it means being free to have a relationship or not. This can be scary, but it's also very interesting.
Austin O'Malley|Friendship, of itself a holy tie, is made more sacred by adversity.
Mario Benedetti|In life you have to avoid three geometric figures - vicious circles, love triangles and square minds
Augustine of Hippo, City of God|... The dominion of good men is profitable, not so much for themselves as for human affairs. But the dominion of bad men is hurtful chiefly to themselves who rule, for they destroy their own souls by greater licence in wickedness;
Joan Bauer, Peeled|When you have something so important, something that you'll stay awake for, something you know that you were designed to do, well, it's worth getting a few dark circles, don't you think?
Chuck Wendig|Story should be a descent -- the feeling that there is an intense gravity to the narrative that draws you down, down, down.
Darius Rucker|I think the real heroic teachers are the ones who work with kids, like my mom and my sister do.
Lucille Ball|Your art kind of changes as you get older, by nature of the fact that you're hopefully gaining wisdom and you're starting to watch things with a better overview.
Billy Collins, The Apple that Astonished Paris|Now that's a ghastly moon, not ghostly.
Ben Shapiro|Certainly there is such a thing as chemical depression, and for that, obviously, there are issues that psychotherapists are much more expert at speaking to, but I think there is a low-grade depression that actually prevails in our society. And most of us feel it.
Dada Bhagwan|There is no Soul, where there is give and take. Wherever there is give and take, it is a stock market.
Kunal Narayan Uniyal, Unanswered|The singular truth and purpose of being alive- joy. Indestructible, perpetual joy.
Kevin Mitnick|A real gentleman, even if he loses everything he owns, must show no emotion. Money must be so far beneath a gentleman that it is hardly worth troubling about.
Langston Hughes|Oh, God of Dust and Rainbows,Help us to seeThat without the dust the rainbowWould not be.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Oh, how clearly I see your faults! Such distinctly highlighted flaws; it's as if the sun and moon mean to keep them illuminated in my eyes. My mind is quick to spell out a simple remedy for those defects. But alas, poor me! My own faults―which I only assume to have because all do―are blurred and obscured by a mental fog. I've no eyes with which to gaze back at myself. The sun and moon refuse their illumination, and my mind offers no sure elixir but a complex recipe scribbled in foreign words I scarcely comprehend.
Eliezer Yudkowsky|Since the rise of Homo sapiens, human beings have been the smartest minds around. But very shortly - on a historical scale, that is - we can expect technology to break the upper bound on intelligence that has held for the last few tens of thousands of years.
Ashley Mae Hoiland, One Hundred Birds Taught Me to Fly: The Art of Seeking God|It is Christlike to assume that people are trying to do the best they can. I know I am a better person when I cultivate empathy, and I have been blessed for having received it from others. As members of the body of Christ, we are each responsible for creating a space not only of acceptance, but of joy and encouragement for our sisters and brothers and the stories they are working so hard to live well.
Clive Barker|THERE IS A LOVELY LITTLE horror story about the peasant who started through the haunted wood—the wood that was, people said, inhabited by devils who took any mortal who came their way. But the peasant thought, as he walked slowly along:I am a good man and have done no wrong. If devils can harm me, then there isn't any justice.A voice behind him said, “There isn't.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|In order to understand, observe, deduce, man must first be conscious of himself as alive.
Neil Gaiman|Again burst out that chant McKay had heard as he had floated through the mists upon the lake. Now, as then, despite his opened ears, he could distinguish no words, but clearly he understood its mingled themes - the joy of Spring's awakening, rebirth, with the green life streaming singing up through every bough, swelling the buds, burgeoning with tender leaves the branches; the dance of the trees in the scented winds of Spring; the drums of the jubilant rain on leafy hoods; passion of Summer sun pouring its golden flood down upon the trees; the moon passing with stately step and slow and green hands stretching up to her and drawing from her breast milk of silver fire; riot of wild gay winds with their mad pipings and strummings; - soft interlacing of boughs, the kiss of amorous leaves - all these and more, much more that McKay could not understand for it dealt with hidden, secret things for which man has no images.("The Women Of The Woods")
Shannon Wiersbitzky, The Summer of Hammers and Angels|I've noticed that houses take on the personality of the people who live in them. I'm not sure how it happens, but they become alive in some way, as if they have their own spirit.
Laura Lee Guhrke, Guilty Pleasures|How much time do I get in exchange for that rose?”For the rose, a short engagement. For the speech, you get a lifetime.”I can live with that,” he said, and kissed her.
Malcolm X, The Autobiography of Malcolm X|This was my first lesson about gambling: if you see somebody winning all the time, he isn't gambling, he's cheating. Later on in life, if I were continuously losing in any gambling situation, I would watch very closely.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|One can never have enough socks," said Dumbledore. "Another Christmas has come and gone and I didn't get a single pair. People will insist on giving me books.
Alexia Adams, His Billion Dollar Dilemma|For God’s sake, Helen, I stood in front of my peers and basically said, ‘Look, chaps, I can’t vote because all I can think about is kissing that brilliant woman who was just in here.’ And I don’t even bloody know if you still want me to kiss you.
Jim Fowler|Soon after, I returned home to my family, with a determination to bring them as soon as possible to live in Kentucky, which I esteemed a second paradise, at the risk of my life and fortune.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Teach all men to fish, but first teach all men to be fair. Take less, give more. Give more of yourself, take less from the world. Nobody owes you anything, you owe the world everything.
a wicked|What did you do before?” “I used to run a lot.”“Cross country? Track?”“From the cops, actually.
Roz Chast|As I would soon learn myself, cleaning up what a parent leaves behind stirs up dust, both literal and metaphorical. It dredges up memories. You feel like you’re a kid again, poking around in your parents’ closet, only this time there’s no chance of getting in trouble, so you don’t have to be so sure that everything gets put back exactly where it was before you did your poking around. Still, you hope to find something, or maybe you fear finding something, that will completely change your conception of the parent you thought you knew.
Dorothy Koomson, The Woman He Loved Before|He returned her love. He lusted after her sweet young body. He wanted her the way he wanted to breathe the spring air. He had never loved anyone before. He had not known even what this feeling for his tiny slave was. Now in the crisp, clear spring sunlight, he knew.
Madeleine L'Engle, A Wrinkle in Time|There’s a star in the sky that refuses to stay put, and Hadley realizes it’s actually a plane, that just last night, that star was them.
Felicity Jones|Danzon is my favorite Cuban music, played by a traditional string orchestra with flute and piano. It's very formally structured but romantic music, which derives from the French-Haitian contradance.
Павел Фельгенгауэр|The “Lost Day” film and the comments by Putin and Medvedev have revealed a great deal: that the invasion of Georgia in August 2008 was indeed a preplanned aggression and that so-called “Russian peacekeepers” in South Ossetia and Abkhazia were in fact the vanguard of the invading forces that were in blatant violation of Russia’s international obligations and were training and arming the separatist forces.The admission by Putin that Ossetian separatist militias acted as an integral part of the Russian military plan transfers legal responsibility for acts of ethnic cleansing of Georgian civilians and mass marauding inside and outside of South Ossetia to the Russian military and political leadership. Putin’s admission of the prewar integration of the Ossetian separatist militias into the Russian General Staff war plans puts into question the integrity of the independent European Union war report, written by Swiss diplomat Heidi Tagliavini that accused the Georgians of starting the war and attacking Russian “peacekeepers,” which, according to Tagliavini, warranted a Russian military response.
Stephanie Perkins, Isla and the Happily Ever After|St. Clair gets a crush on Anna. He's torn between her and Ellie, and he spends so much time running between them that he hardly has time left for Josh. And the more time that Josh spends alone, the more he realizes how alone he actually is. All of his friends will be gone the next year. Josh grows increasingly antagonistic toward school, which makes Rashmi increasingly antagonistic toward him, which makes him increasingly antagonistic toward her. And she's upset because Elie dropped her as a friend, and Meredith is upset because now St. Clair likes two girls who aren't her, and Anna is upset because St. Clair is leading her on, and then St. Clair's mom gets cancer. It's a freaking soap opera.
Nargis Fakhri|Playing video games is something I enjoy in my spare time. I'm a gamer, always have been.
Henry David Thoreau|There is danger that we lose sight of what our friend is absolutely, while considering what she is to us alone.
Rebecca Berto, Drowning in You|You know there’s this gaping space between us, and if I leaned forward I’d grab Dex’s shirt without ever touching him. You know there’s a three-inch-thick glass wall separating us.Now we know, too.
Erica Lorraine Scheidt, Uses for Boys|...when I was a kid, Toronto streets were deserted and quiet on Sundays, except for the sound of church bells I stood on the sidewalk one December listening to the Christmas bells - I've never forgotten that moment...
Anuradha Bhattacharyya, The Road Taken|Orgasm isn’t a goal. It’s the attitude that matters. Abir hasnever even asked how I feel after sex. He has many other concerns.He provides for me and I provide for him, that’s a familiarity whichno one can deny. We love each other. Love is a broader thing.
Henry B. Eyring|I have to ask Allah's forgiveness and not get angry, because they come to me out of love, and it's not fitting that I should turn to them in hatred.
Samantha Chase, Jordan's Return|Rest is highly overrated," she said as she rained tiny kisses all over his throat and chest.
Santino Hassell, Afterimage|You can talk all you want about having a clear purpose and strategy for your life, but ultimately this means nothing if you are not investing the resources you have in a way that is consistent with your strategy. In the end, a strategy is nothing but good intentions unless it's effectively implemented.
Abigail Ford, Riches and Glory: A Christian Romance Story|God's given me a fierce passion for teaching girl's my age and younger, maybe even older, about purity, and the fact that it is not a physical thing but in fact that of the heart.
Kris Kidd, Return to Sender|Perhaps the year and a half spenttrying to make sense of all this has finally drained meMaybe, just maybe, I always know I deserved better, but was too afraid to accept it
Dennis Potter, Seeing the Blossom: Two Interviews and a Lecture|. . . at this season, the blossom is out in full now, there in the west early. It's a plum tree, it looks like apple blossom but it's white, and looking at it, instead of saying "Oh that's nice blossom" ... last week looking at it through the window when I'm writing, I see it is the whitest, frothiest, blossomest blossom that there ever could be, and I can see it. Things are both more trivial than they ever were, and more important than they ever were, and the difference between the trivial and the important doesn't seem to matter. But the nowness of everything is absolutely wondrous, and if people could see that, you know. There's no way of telling you; you have to experience it, but the glory of it, if you like, the comfort of it, the reassurance ... not that I'm interested in reassuring people - bugger that. The fact is, if you see the present tense, boy do you see it! And boy can you celebrate it.
Jay Richards, Silhouette of Virtue: A Novel|If we are part of nature, then we are synonymous with it at the metaphysical level, every bit as much as the first all-but-inorganic animalcules that ever formed a chain of themselves in the blow hole of a primordial sea vent. There is no magic rod that comes down three hundred thousand years ago and divides our essence from the material world that produced us. This means that we cannot speak in essential terms of nature—neither of its brutality nor of its beauty—and hope to say anything true, if what we say isn’t true of ourselves.The importance of that proposition becomes clear only when it’s reversed: What’s true of us is true of nature. If we are conscious, as our species seems to have become, then nature is conscious. Nature became conscious in us, perhaps in order to observe itself. It may be holding us out and turning us around like a crab does its eyeball. Whatever the reason, that thing out there, with the black holes and the nebulae and whatnot, is conscious. One cannot look in the mirror and rationally deny this. It experiences love and desire, or thinks it does. The idea is enough to render the Judeo-Christian cosmos sort of quaint. As far as Rafinesque was concerned, it was just hard science. That part is mysterious. “She lives her life not as men or birds,” said Rafinesque, “but as a world.
J.I. Packer, Knowing God|All speculative theology, which rests on philosophical reasoning rather than biblical revelation, is at fault here. Paul tells us where this sort of theology ends: “The world by wisdom knew not God” (1 Cor 1:21 KJV). To follow the imagination of one’s heart in the realm of theology is the way to remain ignorant of God, and to become an idol-worshipper, the idol in this case being a false mental image of God, made by one’s own speculation and imagination.
Galway Kinnell|My sincere desire is to write in a style that is simple enough for a child to understand, yet powerful enough to change lives.
Greg Mortenson, Stones Into Schools: Promoting Peace With Books, Not Bombs, in Afghanistan and Pakistan|Two decades of virtually uninterrupted fighting had made even the most dignified structures appear drunken, wounded, or lost. The entire city seemed to affirm the notion that warfare is a disease.
Christine Stevens|Do you know who 'twas that first knew our Lord had caused Himself to be born? 'Twas the cock; he saw the star, and so he said–all the beasts could talk Latin in those days; he cried: 'Christus natus est!' " He crowed these words so like a cock that Kristin fell to laughing heartily. And it did her good to laugh, for all the strange things Brother Edvin had just been saying had laid a burden of awe on her heart.The monk laughed himself: "Ay, and when the ox heard that, he began to low: 'Ubi, ubi, ubi.' "But the goat bleated, and said: 'Betlem, Betlem, Betlem.' "And the sheep so longed to see Our Lady and her Son that she baa-ed out at once: 'Eamus, eamus!' "And the new-born calf that lay in the straw, raised itself and stood upon its feet. 'Volo, volo, volo!' it said.
E'yen A. Gardner, Detox 21: 21 day cleansing of the soul|Be yourself, be who you can be.
Kristen Stewart|I grew and learned, journeyed and understood, that someone who is afraid of failing won't get anywhere, and someone who dares to do it runs the risk of failure if they don't learn, correct their mistakes, and get back up.
Italo Calvino, If on a Winter's Night a Traveler|Perfect grammar--persistent, continuous, sustained--is the fourth dimension, so to speak: many have sought it, but none has found it.
Jacques Yonnet, Paris Noir: The Secret History of a City|Snapped abruptly to a realization of how rudely I had been staring, I blushed and said without thinking, "I was just wondering if you've ever been kissed by a beautiful young girl?" I went still redder as he shouted with laughter. With a broad grin, he said "Many times, madonna. But alas, it does not help. As you see. Ribbit.
Peggy Sealfon, Escape from Anxiety: Supercharge Your Life with Powerful Strategies from A to Z|Life is like a river in which you merge. When you struggle against the current, you suffer. When you flow with the current in a smooth and fluid experience, life becomes effortless and joyful.
Gayle Forman, Just One Day|You thought too hard. Same with travel. You can't work too much at it, or it feels like work. You have to surrender yourself to the chaos. To the accidents.
Neena Verma, A Mother's Cry... A Mother's Celebration|Nature does not abandon us. Rather, it helps us in accepting our loss, grief and pain. It stays with us, even cries with us. It gifts us openings, may be more than once, to heal, transcend and re-emerge. (Page xii)
Pega Rose, The Someday List|I usually can’t stop babbling, just to fill space, but with Julienne, I can see the appeal of just being. Julienne is quiet, obviously, but that’s because she can say what she means to in so few words. She has a commanding presence that’s hard to ignore. Julienne doesn’t seem to feel the same urgency other people do. Everyone else, myself included, is constantly vying for a space to occupy, just for the sake of it. But when Julienne does share, it’s incredible. She has an actual opinion on everything, not just something to say, and I want to hear about all of them.
Ally Condie, Atlantia|You always have something left to lose. Until, of course, you die.
Arthur Machen, The White People and Other Weird Stories|Perhaps it is true that, by some definitions, Satan is more religious than God. Many of the particularly proud sinners are deceived into thinking that Satan is anti-religious, that he likes seeing people do immoral things simply because he likes immoral things. Doubtful; Satan likes for people to do immoral things so that he can blame them for doing immoral things. The Father of Lies laughs not with his teammates, but at them.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|You wake up for a reason, you eat for a reason, you dress for a reason and you sleep for a reason. All we do run on the pivot of reasons. For what reasons do you fear? For what reasons do you think? For what reasons do you talk? For what reasons do you open that door each day? For what reasons do you love? For what reasons do you hate? Until we get the reasonable reasons to reason, we shall always ponder over the reasons why we reasoned or we could not reason.
Madeleine Stowe|I try to bring it across on my record, in my dress, in what I do and what I say because to me humor is important. You should have a dose of that and I guess giving it is what I'm here for.
Akiroq Brost|Sometimes, all someone needs is for someone to believe in them. Be that person. Whether it is for yourself or for someone else. Sometimes, that is all the encouragement we need to brave our own courage. The one person you must believe in is yourself. Believe in your potential!
Francis de Sales|Certainly all virtues are very dear to God, but humility pleases Him above all the others, and it seems that He can refuse it nothing.
Shannon L. Alder|It has always been simple, but making it hard was always your way of avoiding pain. If you want to change your life, you have to change what you are doing. It wasn't his fault, her fault, their fault or the circumstances. It was your inability to choose. So, life chose for you. Somewhere in that crazy mind of yours time stopped. You thought someone would rescue you, but they didn't. You have to rescue yourself. This is not a fire you can put out; you have to walk through it, in order to reach life. Getting burned is apart of growth, didn't you know?
JUVENALIUS|Church is so confusing for Juvenalius. His new pastor preaches nothing but hate and condemnation of gays and lesbians, but no matter how carefully he reads his Bible, he can’t find where it says God hates him. Will things change when Juve's boyfriend Devis suggests that they all go to his church instead?
Pearl Zhu, Thinkingaire: 100 Game Changing Digital Mindsets to Compete for the Future|A peaceful mind is not a matter of doing, but of being.
Erik Pevernagie|The crucial point in life is: are we living our 'own' life or simply a life for 'other' people. Are we not playing a role on behalf of some social groups and masquerading for fear of being excluded? ( "Quest for the real moment" )
Scott Stabile|When you are a pessimist and the bad thing happens, you live it twice," Amos liked to say. "Once when you worry about it, and the second time when it happens.
Chrissy Moon, Sweet Faded Ink: A Poetry Collection|... it is not the taste considered in itself, that we hold to our lips, and you can no more understand the virtues of a wine through a blind tasting than you could understand the virtues of a woman through a blindfold kiss.
Adam Smith|Civil government, so far as it is instituted for the security of property, is in reality instituted for the defense of the rich against the poor, or of those who have some property against those who have none at all.
Evelyn Waugh|The 20th century, the author observes, fostered the idea that fulfillment is possible on Earth.
Charles Frazier, Cold Mountain|He was himself a case in point, and perhaps not a rare one, for his spirit, it seemed, had been burned out of him but he was yet walking.
Fakeer Ishavardas|No book dropped from "up there". If it did, you say, then something is screwed up somewhere between your neck, and the top of your head.
Kate Avery Ellison, Frost|Strength?” “Safety,” I said. And in that moment I realized that I’d always equated the two in my head, but they weren’t the same thing. Sometimes people were strongest at their most vulnerable, dangerous moments.
A. C. Benson|One of the advantages of having gone to Penn State was having had a scholar for a mentor - Philip Young. Also, a professional writer named Philip Klass taught there. He was a science fiction writer whose pseudonym was William Tenn. As a professional writer, he brought wisdom to teaching because he'd done it for a living.
Tyler Posey|All of us want to live, and that is absolutely natural. However, we should learn from childhood on to choose our best way to die. If we don't do that, we end up spending our days like a dog, only in search of harbour, food and expressing a blind loyalty to his owner in return. That isn't enough to make our lives have a meaning.
Robin Constantine, The Promise of Amazing|He had lovely eyes, really—not assessing, at all, but big and dark and…waiting.
Kobayashi Issa|Never forget:we walk on hell,gazing at flowers.
J. Gabriel Gates, Blood Zero Sky|A climate's changes are tough to quantify. Butterflies can help. Entomologists prefer "junk species--" the kind of butterflies too common for most collections-- to keep up with what's going on in the insect's world. They're easy to find and observe. When do something unusual, something's changed in the area.Art Shapiro's team at UC Davis monitors ten local study sites, some since the 1970s. The ubiquitous species are the study's go-tos, helping distinguish between lasting changes (climate warming, habitat loss) and ones that will right themselves (one cold winter, droughts like last year's). Consistency is key; they collect details year after year, no empty data sets between.A few species have disappeared from parts of the study area altogether, probably a lasting change. On the other hand, seemingly big news in 2012 might be just a year's aberration. Two butterflies came back to the city of Davis last year, the umber skipper after 30 years, the woodland skipper after 20-- both likely a result of a dry winter with near-perfect breeding conditions of sunny afternoons and cool nights.
William Zinsser, On Writing Well: The Classic Guide to Writing Nonfiction|Most writers sow adjectives almost unconsciously into the soil of their prose to make it more lush and pretty, and the sentences become longer and longer as they fill up with stately elms and frisky kittens and hard-bitten detectives and sleepy lagoons. This is adjective-by-habit - a habit you should get rid of. Not every oak has to be gnarled. The adjective exists solely as a decoration is a self-indulgence for the writer and a burden for the reader.
Sade Andria Zabala, Coffee and Cigarettes|You wanted to see the world. And yet, all I want is to see you.
Aleksandra Layland, Of Wisdom and Valor: The Art of War. The Path of Peace.|God's greatest gift to mankind is our intellect. Even for those of you who are not of the faithful, the sheer logic alone cannot be denied. Education lifts a people to greater ability and achievement.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|You expect certain things to always be there, like the bakery on the corner, or the boy you grew up with. But when the very ground can eat you alive without warning, what's to say the ocean won't dry up? Or the stars won't suddenly shut off? Nothing is forever.
Jennifer Ellision, Threats of Sky and Sea|The absence of wish, to analysis yourself, the surrounding world, and what you are doing. Is the logical, and philosophical proof, of zombie mind, and consciousness.
J.K. Rowling, The Casual Vacancy|The mistake ninety-nine percent of humanity made, as far as Fats could see, were being ashamed of what they were, lying about it, trying to be somebody else. Honesty was Fats' currency, his weapon and defense. It frightened people when you were honest; it shocked them. Other people, Fats had discovered, were mired in embarrasment and pretense, terrified that their truths might leak out, but Fats was attracted by rawness, by everything that was ugly but honest, by the dirty things about which the likes of his father felt humiliated and disgusted. Fats thought a lot about messiahs and pariahs; about men labeled mad or criminal; noble misfits shunned by the sleepy masses.
Simon R. Green, Hex and the City|You're staring," Lana said."Yes. I am. I'm a teenage boy. Beautiful girls in wet underwear have a tendency to cause staring in teenage boys.
Ken Kesey, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest|If you really want to hurt, find someone who loves you.
Mort W. Lumsden, Citations: A Brief Anthology|The first sentiment of man was that of his existence, his first care that of preserving it.
Nicolas Chamfort|...she stood beside him, sagging in his arms, abandoning herself to anything he wished, in open acknowledgment of his power to reduce her to helplessness by the pleasure he had the power to give her.
Wendell Willkie|The political object is the goal, war is the means of reaching it, and the means can never be considered in isolation from their purposes.
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|. . . if you close your eyes and begin to feel your breath, it will instantly become deeper and slower, and your mind will become calmer. Then gradually you'll become aware of your body, or more precisely the subtle sense of energy inside and around your body. At that moment, you exist as Energy-Consciousness, not as names, jobs, duties, roles, desires, and so on.
|Why choose to live a meaningless life of excuses and complains, when you already have what it takes to make some adjustments and press forward with courage and faith?
Richelle E. Goodrich|Hallelujah songcarries on a gentle wind,heralding a king.
Jean Paul Friedrich Richter, Walt and Vult, or The Twins|the flute is the true magical rod that changes all it touches in the inward world; an enchanter's wand at which the secret depths of the soul open. The inward world is the true world," said Vult; "the moonlight that shines into our hearts.
Ella Maillart|There are certain romances that belong in certain cities, in a certain atmosphere, in a certain time.
Elfriede Jelinek, Lust|Ah, lust! How one would like to make it the cornerstone of self! But I wouldn't go ahead and build on it if I were you.
Janet Fitch|They dream of men with gentle hands, eloquent with tenderness, fingers that brushed along a cheek, that outlined open lips in the lovers' braille. Hands that sculpted sweetness from sullen flesh, that traced breast and ignited hips, opening, kneading. Flesh becomes bread in the heat of those hands, braided and rising.
Alice Koller|And as always seems to happen when I have reached the point where I am ready to take decisive action, everything began to happen at once.
Sravani Saha Nakhro|,Be generous, giving grows your spirit just as reading grows your intellect.
Malcolm Bradbury, Eating People is Wrong|With my sort of book there's no resolution, because there's no solution. The problems aren't answered in the end because there is no answer. They're problems that are handed on to the reader, not solved for him so that he can go away thinking he lives in a beautiful world. It's not a beautiful world.
Judy Penz Sheluk, The Whole She-Bang 2|When it came to watching television, Ted was ambidextrous.
Walt Whitman, Song of Myself|I depart as air, I shake my white locks at the runway sun, I bequeath myself to the dirt to grow from the grass I love. If you want me again look for me under your boot soles. You will hardly know who I am or what I mean. Failing to fetch me at first keep encouraged, missing me one place search another, I stop somewhere waiting for you
Lindsey Kelk, The Single Girl's To-Do List|I briefly consider keying her precious BMW, but quite frankly, I don't have the energy to go all Carrie Underwood on her ass. I still have over an hour drive ahead of me. -Jackson 'Blame It on the Pain
Karen Tayleur, Love Notes From Vinegar House|If somebody says to you the quote"don't judge the book by its cover", then better first close your eyes for a moment and try not to judge anybody at all. Even much better if you don't have to believe in 100% with that quote.
Stephen Colbert, I Am America|Clearly, America has no shortage of metaphorical opportunities for the poor.
Joyce Meyer|The terrorists thought they would change my aims and stop my ambitions, but nothing changed in my life except this: weakness, fear and hopelessness died. Strength, power and courage were born.
Anonymous|The rich can be "eccentric " the poor have to be considered "nuts."
Oliver Sacks|I see an actress smoking a cigarette in an old Fred McMurray movie. She’s clever and beautiful and manipulative. I feel envy. I suddenly wish I smoked cigarettes and was as clever and beautiful and manipulative as she. I want to be that way at the restaurants I visit, as I’m walking to my car, with certain friends who might understand. The actress has played her part well; she’s made me want to emulate her base desires if only for a while. Does that make me impressionable, a fool, or someone who will recognize the deepest secrets of her heart?I fight hard to stay young—to keep the lines from further etching my face and hands and breasts, presumably to trick the world into believing I am young. I’m an actress playing a part. I’m afraid to tell the truth. I fear losing those younger or becoming those older. In the presence of youth, a sort of unseen age-osmosis occurs within me. The years drop away and I don’t want to leave. It’s utterly selfish but I don’t care. After all, I’m no older than they—I’ve just been so longer. I was nineteen only yesterday and they don’t retire nineteen-year-old actresses.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|If God does not exist, everything is permitted.
Liya Kebede|I care very much about women and their progress. I didn't go march in the streets, but when I was in the Arizona Legislature, one of the things that I did was to examine every single statute in the state of Arizona to pick out the ones that discriminated against women and get them changed.
Jane Austen, Persuasion|There could have been no two hearts so open, no tastes so similar, no feelings so in unison
Mary Oliver|I did what I could,I tried to stay away,I told myself that I don't need you,I don't need to feel this way,But soon I realized that I am just a fishAlways falling as you're prey
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|It was that kind of kiss. But as with all kisses, it was not without a certain element of danger
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Complete Sherlock Holmes|I need to be alone. I need to ponder my shame and my despair in seclusion; I need the sunshine and the paving stones of the streets without companions, without conversation, face to face with myself, with only the music of my heart for company.
|I constantly see some people get very excited on Fridays, but become very annoyed and stressed on Mondays because they have to go back to work. If this is you, then you definitely have to start searching for your true passion in life, because once you find it, you would never feel like you are working or forced to work. However, before you discover your true passion, you must learn to focus on the brighter side of having a job. Your frequent perceptions of things determine your constant feelings toward them.
Raúl Gutierrez|If a problem can't be solved within the frame it was conceived, the solution lies in reframing the problem.
Emil M. Cioran, A Short History of Decay|I thought, 'There are a lot of poets who have the courage to look into the abyss, but there are very few who have the courage to look happiness in the face and write about it,' which is what I wanted to be able to do.
Cole Ryan|And even those who claim to read the Bible literally and to lead their lives according to its precepts are, in actual practice, highly selective about which parts of the Bible they live by and which they don't. Jesus' condemnations of wealth and war are generally ignored; so are Levitical prohibitions on eating pork, wearing mixed fabrics and so forth. Though legalistic Christians accuse nonlegalistic Christians of selective interpretation and relativistic morality (of adjusting the Bible, in short, to suit their own lifestyles and prejudices), what is usually happening is that nonlegalists are, as the Baptist tradition puts it, reading the Bible with Jesus as their criterion, while the legalists are, without any philosophical consistency whatsoever, embracing those laws and doctrines that affirm their own predilections and prejudices and ignoring the rest.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|First organizing it on paper isn't just academic, it's an applied prerequisite for manifestation.
Michael Gruber, The Book of Air and Shadows|There are three kind of history. The first is what really happened and that is forever lost. The second is what most people thought happened, and we can recover that with assiduous effort. The third is what the people in power wanted the future to think happened and that is 90 percent of the history in books.
J.R. Rain, Moon Bayou|Lucifer sharpened his gaze and focused on Ajax. “Yes… I want you to drive over to New Jersey, load those two corpses into your car and take them back to the Italians… personally”“In my car?”“They haven’t been in the water more than a week, Ajax.”“But actually… inside?”“Well,” Lucifer’s patience was fading, “If you tie them to the fenders like you’re coming back from Deer Camp, the Italians might not find you quite as endearing…”--Lucifer and Ajax from The Ragtime Coven
Anthony T. Hincks|When we live in the past, there is no future.
Prince Akwarandu|[…] God gives grace for the situation, not the imagination.
Sakata Gintoki|Three days after the liberation of Buchenwald, I became very ill; some sort of poisoning. I was transferred to a hospital and spent two weeks between life and death.One day when I was able to get up, I decided to look at myself in the mirror on the opposite wall. I had not seen myself since the ghetto.From the depths of the mirror, a corpse was contemplating me. The look in his eyes as he gazed at me has never left me.
Eugene Vodolazkin|Each of us repeats Adam’s journey and acknowledges, with the loss of innocence, that he is mortal. Weep and pray, O Arseny. And do not fear death, for death is not just the bitterness of parting. It is also the joy of liberation.” (Laurus, p. 30)
Andy Warhol|Don't think about making art, just get it done. Let everyone else decide if it's good or bad, whether they love it or hate it. While they are deciding, make even more art.
Anyta Sunday, Leo Loves Aries|Jamie gawked at the JLM T-shirt peeking out of Theo's leather jacket and his face glowed. "Yes I-L-Y?
Austin Kleon, Steal Like an Artist: 10 Things Nobody Told You About Being Creative|Maybe the wild ones weren't hyperactive; maybe they were misplaced heroes. After all, in another era, the same behavior that is now throttled with Ritalin and disciplinary rap sheets would have been the mark of greatness, the early blooming of a true champion. Riordan played with the idea, imagining the what-ifs. What if strong, assertive children were redirected rather than discouraged? What if there were a place for them, an outdoor training camp that felt like a playground, where they could cut loose with all those natural instincts to run, wrestle, climb, swim, and explore?
Jeanne McElvaney, Personal Development Insights|Awareness is a gentle beauty. It hovers around me like a fairy, pointing to those things I would miss if I didn't look past the obvious and on the other side of busy.
Jessica Khoury, The Forbidden Wish|Instead of using drugs to create system friendly humans, perhaps we should be creating human friendly systems that do not require people to take drugs to function.
Latika Teotia|Tackle your problems without delay, face them head on. Don’t shy away from taking decisions- however unpleasant they may be. By doing so you are taking care of yourself. Yes, even tackling a problem is self care because you have freed your mind from that nagging feeling of “yet to face the problem.” Mundane tasks like washing your clothes, getting rid of old stuff that you don’t need any more, sitting down to study for that test, confronting those who are making you uncomfortable, getting rid of those people who pull you down and fill you with negativity are steps in the right direction, Your worst enemy is procrastination.
Charles Dickens, Bleak House|I am empty of everything. I am empty of everything but the thin, frail ghosts in my room.
Kola Boof, The Sexy Part of the Bible|But somehow, once you start playing behind the steering wheel of God, you realize just how powerful it is to be the imagination driving the natural world (64).
Nikki Glaser|As far as how I approach the humor, I think the best comedy is going to happen when I'm myself and act organically to a news item or situation.
Kirsty Moseley, The Boy Who Sneaks in My Bedroom Window|Angel I've loved you since the first time I laid my eyes on you. It's only ever been you. It will always be you, marry me?
John W. Gardner|Stripped of its plot, the 'Iliad' is a scattering of names and biographies of ordinary soldiers: men who trip over their shields, lose their courage or miss their wives. In addition to these, there is a cast of anonymous people: the farmers, walkers, mothers, neighbours who inhabit its similes.
Samantha Towle, The Mighty Storm|I am strong, but I am tired, Stephen, tired of always having to be the strong one, of always having to do the right thing.
Susannah Cahalan, Brain on Fire: My Month of Madness|I am mad, and I embrace it.
India Knight, The Thrift Book|When we pick up the newspaper at breakfast, we expect - we even demand - that it brings us momentous events since the night before...We expect our two-week vacations to be romantic, exotic, cheap, and effortless..We expect anything and everything. We expect the contradictory and the impossible. We expect compact cars which are spacious; luxurious cars which are economical. We expect to be rich and charitable, powerful and merciful, active and reflective, kind and competitive. We expect to be inspired by mediocre appeals for excellence, to be made literate by illiterate appeals for literacy...to go to 'a church of our choice' and yet feel its guiding power over us, to revere God and to be God. Never have people been more the masters of their environment. Yet never has a people felt more deceived and disappointed. For never has a people expected so much more than the world could offer.
Debbie Ford|Time well spent results in more money to spend, more money to save, and more time to vacation.
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|When I am with you, even the water makes me drank
Carla Reighard, Travelers|I spend one evening with a handsome merman, and I become a silly mermaid with a crush.
Hugh Ferriss, The Metropolis of Tomorrow|Why do we keep believing that we can control nature,even as it banishes us repeatedly from our homes in search of new fertile ground?
Doug MacLeod, The Clockwork Forest|As it happens, I’m a terrible dancer. Bears are simply not made for dancing. We’re much better at sitting and sleeping and singing. But there are humans who catch bears and force us to dance. It’s agony. And there are other humans who pay to watch us.’Hannah sighed. ‘I suppose you’re right to distrust humans.’‘And that is why I must eat you,’ said the bear forlornly. ‘For the benefit of the entire bear population of the world. I’m awfully sorry about this.’‘That’s all right.’ Hannah shrugged her shoulders. ‘Is there any point in my trying to run away?’‘None. We bears may not be able to dance but we are experts when it comes to chasing things.’‘What if I climb a tree?’‘I’ll climb up after you, or push the tree over. It all depends on what sort of tree you choose to climb. Either way, you’ll end up eaten.’‘So be it,’ said Hannah. ‘How should I prepare myself?’‘I beg your pardon?’‘Will you eat me with my clothes on?’‘Of course. Otherwise it would be bad manners.
Roger Babson|Beauty attracts us men; but if, like an armed magnet it is pointed, beside, with gold and silver, it attracts with tenfold power.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|In the sort of screen dappled with different states of mind which my consciousness would simultaneously unfold while I read, and which ranged from the aspirations hidden deepest within me to the completely exterior vision of the horizon which I had, at the bottom of the garden, before my eyes, what was first in me, innermost, the constantly moving handle that controlled the rest, was my belief in the philosophical richness and beauty of the book I was reading, and my desire to appropriate them for myself, whatever that book might be.
Alin Sav|If you want to know how to swim, you take lessons. If you want to walk on water, lessons won´t help you, just faith.
Aysha Taryam|Viciousness is part of the world we live in, some of us choose to ignore it with the rationalisation of wanting only positivity to flow our way. How selfish we have become! That the pain of others has become a hindrance to the fulfilment of our positive selves.
Donnie Yen|I always loved working as an actress, but I didn't understand why I couldn't just opt out of being famous. And then I realized you can, and I think I did. And eventually, I came to understand that you can do that and also keep working.
Guillermo del Toro, Trollhunters|I'm serious, Jim. You need to put this crap away. You walk into school on Monday talking to me, or anyone else, about the city's pesky troll problem, and you're not exactly going to get a lot of people saying, 'Gee, thanks for the warning.' It'll spread faster than mono. You think things are tough for us now? Jim, this will be the end. I'm sorry if you had a crazy nightmare. I really am. But I can't let you ruin our lives.
Bill Walton|Emma stared at the ceiling of the hotel room. Her thoughts went over every memorial, each picture, the families and children left behind. At this point it was a nightly routine. Some people counted sheep. Emma counted her father’s victims. One by one.
Rick Riordan|Central to Möser's view of the human world was "honor," a notion that was as important to corporatist society as the notion of dignity would be for the more individualistic society that succeeded it. In Möser's view, a person acquired his identity from his place in the institutional structure of society, a society in which economic, social, and political institutions were not distinguished from one another. His status (as a guildsman, noble landowner, serf, or independent peasant cottager) determined not only how he earned his living, but his sense of who he was, of what his duties and obligations were, of those to whom he ought to defer and those who ought to defer to him. (In the language of modern sociology, Möser's society was one in which almost all of the individual's roles derived from a single status.) Who one was was largely a continuation of what one's forebears had been. For Möser the real self was the socially encumbered self, the self based on status, on historical and regional particularity, and on property. It was a self whose prime virtue was honor. Status and the honor that attached to it were inherited, although they could be lost if one failed to live up to the duties of one's rank.
Georges Rodenbach, The Bells of Bruges|Dan smiled at me with lips still moist from mine. I have seen clouds part for the sun. I have seen rainbows. I have seen flowers in the morning, covered in dew, and I have seen sunsets so brilliant with fire they have made me want to weep.And I have seen Dan smile at me, his lips still wet from my kiss, and if I had to choose which sight moved me the most I would say it was that one.
Clarice Lispector|It so happens that the primary though - as an act of thought - already has a form and is more easily transmitte to itself, or rather, to the very person who is thinking it; and that is why - because it has a form - it has a limited reach. Whereas the thought called "freedom" is free as an act of thought. It's so free that even to its thinker it seems to have no author.
Jalaluddin Rumi, Selected Poems|If you want to share then share the spirit of love, unity and humanity.
Olaf Stapledon, Star Maker|Twilight was laying claim to the cité, and the sky was a deepening shade of lavender, spangled with stars and fleecy clouds the colour of plums.
Marcus Fabius Quintilianus|A Woman who is generous with her money is to be praised; not so, if she is generous with her person
Ellen O' Connell|Men get drunk and boast, or they get religion and repent.
Natasha Pulley, The Bedlam Stacks|What's gone before you, and what will come after,' I said instead. 'Beg pardon?' 'The past ahead. Time is like a river and you float with the current. Your ancestors set off before you did, so they're far ahead. Your descendants will sail it after.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Stand firm, stand tall.
Juliana Azmi|You couldn't lose, you was playing Mozart
Alex London, Guardian|He took deep breaths. He wanted to sleep. At least in sleeping, he could find a kind of peace. At least in sleeping, he could dream about his dead friends and maybe, until the sun came up, feel like he wasn't all alone.
Miles Anthony Smith, Why Leadership Sucks™ Fundamentals of Level 5 Leadership and Servant Leadership|So rest and relax and grow stronger, Let go and let God share your load, Your work is not finished or ended, You’ve just come to “a bend in the road”. “When you ask God for a gift, be thankful if He sends, not diamonds, pearls or riches, but the love of real true friends.” “It takes a Mother’s Love to make a house a home, a place to be remembered, no matter where we roam.”  “When you are in troubled and worried and sick at heart And your plans are upset and your world falls apart, Remember God’s ready and waiting to share The burden you find much to heavy to bear– So with faith, “Let Go and Let GOD” lead your way.
Abigail George, Feeding The Beasts|Wendy’s house, unlike many in Cape Breton, had three floors, along with a basement and attic. Aside from Wendy’s bedroom, there was a laundry room. The dirty water in the sink would rush from the washer hose, bubbling up, threatening to overflow, but it never did. Next-door was a motel with a neon sign that read in turquoise and pink, “We have the best rates in town!”, but the ‘E’ in ‘rates’ kept flickering on and off day and night so that every few seconds it would switch to, “We have the best rats in town!
Kahlil Gibran|Your children are not your children. They are the sons and daughters of Life's longing for itself... You may house their bodies but not their souls, for their souls dwell in the house of tomorrow, which you cannot visit, not even in your dreams.
Salman Rushdie, The Satanic Verses|In one aspect, yes, I believe in ghosts, but we create them. We haunt ourselves.
Angel M.B. Chadwick, Corridors of My Mind|what you do not start, you do not finish.' procrastination can be liken to a journey without destination.Now is the best time to strike
Samantha Chase, This Is Our Song|Ladies, ladies, ladies,” Hugh Shaughnessy said as he strode into the room with his son in his arms. “There is plenty of this baby – and his poop – to go around.
Ben Lerner|Laser technology has fulfilled our people's ancient dream of a blade so fine that the person it cuts remains standing and alive until he moves and cleaves. Until we move, none of us can be sure that we have not already been cut in half, or in many pieces, by a blade of light. It is safest to assume that our throats have already been slit, that the slightest alteration in our postures will cause the painless severance of our heads.
Pierre-Simon Laplace|Your Excellency, I have no need of this hypothesis.
Jordan MacLean|Few of us ever touch eternity, and if we do, it is not in the ways we expect.
Tahir Shah, House of the Tiger King: The Quest for a Lost City|In some warped way, having an embalmed body with us made perfect sense.
Evelyn Waugh, Vile Bodies|After all, damn it, what does being in love mean if you can't trust a person.
Flannery O'Connor, The Habit of Being: Letters of Flannery O'Connor|Lord, I believe; help my unbelief'... is the most natural and most human and most agonizing prayer in the gospels, and I think it is the foundation prayer of faith.
Peter Wilkes|Deeds are stronger than words, and children are not biblical scholars. As long as they see girls and women treated as inferior by their faith, that's what they will learn, no matter what their holy book says.
Sarah J. Maas, Queen of Shadows|Ten years of shadows, but no longer. Light up the darkness, Magesty.
Virginia Woolf, A Writer's Diary|If you write a line of zeroes, it´s still nothing.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|If you live long enough as a parent nowadays, you discover that you have made mistakes you didn't bother to know about along with the ones you do know about all too well. You are somewhat humbled at heart, sometimes disgusted with yourself.
OMOSOHWOFA CASEY|Listening to Don Moen's songs always reminds me of my darkest momentsThen I was always listening to them and crying, locking myself alone in the room, shedding tears, questioning God, singing along with Don MoenBut today, whenever I listen to the songs, I always smile.Indeed, God never sleeps, He never slumbers
Fernando Lachica, OFW: This is My Life and Story|Battling through poverty was not my forte, and I didn't have the inkling of eluding them.
Debolina Bhawal|All beliefs and understanding about everything in this universe that you currently hold to be true, are false.
Kate Griffin, A Madness of Angels|We be light, we be life, we be fire! We sing electric flame, we rumble underground wind, we dance heaven! Come be we and be free!
Clint Eastwood|One can be instructed in society, one is inspired only in solitude.
Helen Hunt Jackson, Ramona|There had been no crises of incident, or marked movements of experience such as in Felipe's imaginations of love were essential to the fulness of its growth. This is a common mistake on the part of those who have never felt love's true bonds. Once in those chains, one perceives that they are not of the sort full forged in a day. They are made as the great iron cables are made, on which bridges are swung across the widest water-channels,--not of single huge rods, or bars, which would be stronger, perhaps, to look at; but myriads of the finest wires, each one by itself so fine, so frail, it would barely hold a child's kite in the wind: by hundreds, hundreds of thousands of such, twisted, re-twisted together, are made the mighty cables, which do not any more swerve from their place in the air, under the weight and jar of the ceaseless traffic and tread of two cities, than the solid earth swerves under the same ceaseless weight and jar. Such cables do not break.
Lisa Kessler, Moonlight|This time, I wanted to enjoy the passion that burned between us until we were both about to combust.
Floyd Mayweather, Jr.|When things begin accelerating wildly out of control, sometimes patience is the only answer. Press pause.
Elizabeth Berrien, Creative Grieving: A Hip Chick's Path from Loss to Hope|A feeling of pleasure or solace can be so hard to find when you are in the depths of your grief. Sometimes it's the little things that help get you through the day. You may think your comforts sound ridiculous to others, but there is nothing ridiculous about finding one little thing to help you feel good in the midst of pain and sorrow!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|I am happy to experience beauty of each season; spring time, summer, autumn and winter.
Sarah Ockler, Twenty Boy Summer|I will go out again this very night with my rockets and fuses. I will blow them straight out of their comfortable beds. Blow the rooftops off their houses. Blow the black, wretched night to bits. I will not stop. For mad I may be, but I will never be convenient.
John Masefield, The Box Of Delights|Twas a cold Yuletide evening, and I wandered the stacks, shelving multiple titles that the patrons brought back. We toiled overtime at our library here, 'cause the powers that be cut our staffing this year.
Maryam Abdullah Alnaymi|Nothing crushes in the person his sense of self such as him following the common opinions, and be unable to make criticizing positions against what he hears or sees.The ability to express the convictions is the line between the ability and inability, and the awakening and sleep, and the growing and dwarfism.
Jean-Marie G. Le Clézio, The Book of Flights|[M]ay not literature (and, in particular, fiction) be considered a desperate and permanently thwarted effort to produce a unique form of expression? Something like a cry, perhaps, a cry that, somehow, inexplicably contains all the millions of words that have ever existed, anywhere, in any age. In contrast with the spoken word and its classifying function, the purpose of writing seems, rather, to be a quest for the egg, the seed, nothing more.
Boaz Yakin, Marathon|Kenya DOES NOT belong to 2 tribes only. Kenya has 42 tribes. to say that the decision of 2 tribes is the decision of the whole country is fallacy and outright dictatorship and tribalismAkuku Mach Pep, Democracy on Trial
Lewis N. Roe, From A To Theta: Taking The Tricky Subject Of Religion And Explaining Why It Makes Sense In A Way We Can All Understand|Ascension through all levels of consciousness and awareness can only happen when you live life as you, and not how others think you should live. How could self-realization possibly be anything other than being yourself?
Gigi Hadid|The cool thing about being famous is traveling. I have always wanted to travel across seas, like to Canada and stuff.
|A lot of businesses would rather make an extra dollar than to save a soul. If greed isn't evil, what else would we call it?
Patrick Califia-Rice|The worst choice you can make, is no choice at all
Danielle  Paige, The Wicked Will Rise|Somewhere inside you, I hope you know who you are. I hope you know what you are. I hope you know that you're powerful. We need you.
Nicholas Sparks, The Best of Me|But then Mason touches my neck, to the spot on it where the cut from that night has since healed, and I pull away.He was right, after all; it didn't leave a scar, though part of me wishes it had. At least I'd have some evidence, some justification of this permanence. Stains are even worse when you're the only one who can see them.
Stephanie Lahart|Let today mark a new beginning for you. Give yourself permission to say NO without feeling guilty, mean, or selfish. Anybody who gets upset and/or expects you to say YES all of the time clearly doesn’t have your best interest at heart. Always remember: You have a right to say NO without having to explain yourself. Be at peace with your decisions.
Rachel E. Carter, Apprentice|I don’t need another ‘adversity builds character’ speech, Darren. That man is a chauvinistic pig. Where’s your adversity?”Darren raised a brow. “I’m looking at it.
Keith  Miller, The Book of Flying|Beyond the stars you see are other stars, stars beyond stars,' she told him, 'and all are dreams, like shoals of fish in the oceans of the night.
Sunday Adelaja|Another very important aspect of the Protestant teachings is that money is simply a by-product, a natural consequence, a compensation, it is never the goal.
Fonda Lee, Exo|In a war, you wield every weapon you have, including words. Especially words.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|Thoughts are like things carried by a river. Capture the best while you can, after they have gone, you have to run after them and if per chance you find them, they are distorted
Len  Webster, Sometimes Moments|And you’ll miss me more as the narrowing weeks wing by. Someday duly, oneday truly, twosday newly, till whensday.
Kim H. Krisco, Talking to Trees: A Chronicle of One Coach's Journey Into a New Coaching Paradigm|The moment we begin to define others and ourselves by how we are different, the seeds of separation are planted.
Bauvard, Some Inspiration for the Overenthusiastic|Trees are corrupting our parks. They should be arrested for loitering. For deciduous trees, add littering and indecent exposure to that list of offenses.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|Has there ever been an Inquisitor who didn't die a horrible death?" Simon wondered out loud. " It's like being the drummer in Spinal Tap.
Anna Eshoo|In England the judges should have independence to protect the people against the crown. Here the judges should not be independent of the people, but be appointed for not more than seven years. The people would always re-elect the good judges.
Frank O'Connor, Collected Stories|I suppose we all have our little hiding-hole if the truth was known, but as small as it is, the whole world is in it, and bit by bit grows on us again till the day You find us out.
Rajat Mishra, Can I Have a Chocolate Milkshake?|There’s no respect for older people at all today, and that’s saddening. Look at the way crime against older people has risen! You know, there’s no calling people ‘Mr’ or ‘Mrs’ now, they just call you, and it’s all ‘fuck off’ and the likes of.
John Grant|I started once a week in North Carolina at a pub called Charlie Goodnight and met a lot of comics there. Then I moved to L.A., and if you're not known, it's hard to get stage time. So you start out doing what they call 'bringers' - you have to bring five people if you wanna get on stage. It was a lot of hustle, a learning curve.
Alexandra Bracken, The Dreadful Tale of Prosper Redding|Spirits flitted through the red-and-orange sky like leaves blown on the October wind. They dipped and darted over the brownstones and housing projects, swooped around the towering glass palaces, and dove into the crooked alleyways. Sierra smiled. The world had become so much more alive once she learned to see the dead. For a few moments, she just stood there, let herself be a spectator to the ever unfolding drama of city lights and spirits.
Karen Bergreen, Following Polly|Take me on a journey to the place of souls,” she whispered as he moved closer. “I want to close my eyes and feel a little piece of heaven…with you.
Patti Digh|And by knowing what we fear, don't we know what we care about, how we are measuring our worth, what success looks like?" I asked. So isn't fear helpful, then?
Amos Bronson Alcott|I like Mr. Gorbachev, we can do business together.
Fran Lebowitz|Whether a party can have much success without a woman present I must ask others to decide, but one thing is certain, no party is any fun unless seasoned with folly.
Darren Main, The River of Wisdom: Reflections on Yoga, Meditation, and Mindful Living|When infused with compassion, even the most useless snake oils have the power to heal broken hearts and shattered souls.
Christopher Bram, Eminent Outlaws: The Gay Writers Who Changed America|Ginsberg was the favourite bohemian poet of straight college boys who wanted to transgress, and of gay college boys who were not yet ready to come out.
Joyce Rachelle|If you can't write, read.If you can't read, walk.Or walk and read, then write.
Gary Zukav|I think I can make an entirely new game experience, and if I can't do it, some other game designer will.
Adrienne deWolfe, Texas Outlaw|It is strange how love is a source for power––can spur the desire to fight to the death, or to fight back from something that seems like death for long enough to write a coherent note––but also of weakness.
J.M. Darhower, Reignite|Then why do we do so many bad things?He sighed. “Because one thing God gave us—and I’m afraid it’s at times a little too much—is free will. Freedom to choose. I believe he gave us everything needed to build a beautiful world, if we choose wisely.
Red|He was dimly angry with himself, he did not know why. It was that he had struck his wife. He had forgotten it, but was miserable about it, notwithstanding. And this misery was the voice of the great Love that had made him and his wife and the baby and Diamond, speaking in his heart, and telling him to be good. For that great Love speaks in the most wretched and dirty hearts; only the tone of its voice depends on the echoes of the place in which it sounds. On Mount Sinai, it was thunder; in the cabman's heart it was misery; in the soul of St John it was perfect blessedness.
Mithun Chakraborty|Without naming names, I think other movies look more realistic but they feel less real.
Tiffanie DeBartolo, How to Kill a Rock Star|I can say this because she’s my girlfriend, even if, at the moment, she’s only my girlfriend in secret - Eliza has one of the worst voices known to man. Swear to God, for someone so obsessed with music, she’s borderline tone deaf. But trying to describe how I felt watching her dance around and sing would be like trying to build a skyscraper with my bare hands. It made me want to marry her. Made me want to buy her a magical airplane and fly her away to a place where nothing bad could ever happen. Made me want to pour rubber cement all over my chest and then lay down on top of her so that we’d be stuck together, and so it would hurt like hell if we ever tried to tear ourselves apart.
James A. Michener, Centennial|If something's worth getting upset about, then there must be something worth getting happy about. And if something's worth getting happy about, then there must be something that matters. But there isnt!.. In a few years you'll all be dead and forgotten and diddly-squat, nothing, so you might just as well start getting used to it!
Brittany Comeaux, The White Wolf|For I inhabit the spaces in between, where auras mix and hearts reach out and knowing hovers, and where sticks against each human the little burrs of others, long-ago brushed against but never forgot.
Debasish Mridha|Fear is natural, but love is eternal. Never be fearful of love.
Bob Newhart|I've been a Robert Randolph fan forever, since 2001. I just thought he was so cool; you don't see a black kid playing the slide the way he plays. No one plays like Robert.
Elizabeth Bradley|One of the essential qualities of the clinician is interest in humanity, for the secret of the care of the patient is in caring for the patient.
Agatha Christie, Evil Under the Sun|They were still all beautiful and there was still enchantment and wonder, but she had crossed a line and now the fairy tale was green with corruption and evil.
James S.A. Corey, Cibola Burn|A few generations living and dying without a sky, and enclosed spaces lost the atavistic terror of premature burial.
Neal Stephenson, Cryptonomicon|Thought can never capture the movement of life, it is much too slow.
Carter F. Smith, Gangs and the Military: Gangsters, Bikers, and Terrorists with Military Training|While we think of the boundary between what is legal and what is not as a clear dividing line, it is far from being so. Rather, the boundary becomes further and further indented and folded over time, yielding a jagged and complicated border, rather than a clear straight line. In the end, the law turns out to look like a fractal: no matter how much you zoom in on such a shape, there is always more unevenness, more detail to observe. Any general rule must end up dealing with exceptions, which in turn split into further exceptions and rules, yielding an increasingly complicated, branching structure.
Michael Ende, The Neverending Story|He was handsome and strong, but somehow that wasn't enough for him. He also felt the need to be tough and inured to hardship... But how was he to come by that quality in this luminous garden, where all manner of fruit was to be had for the picking?
Chirag Tulsiani|And much like the despairity of the woman who can never bear children, my dreams can never bear fruit. They are the mountains I can never climb.The hurdles I can never leap.The seas I can never cross. The skies I can never look up to.Yet, I adopt them. Unblemished.Guilt-free.
