Joseph Prince|I like people and I like them to like me, but I wear my heart where God put it, on the inside.
Justine Larbalestier|If you are causing trouble, look for allies, always.
Martina Boone|Her hands crept around his neck, tangling in his hair to keep him closer, even though she knew that beautiful boys with expiration dates couldn't be held, only borrowed for a time.
Jo Ann Fore, When a Woman Finds Her Voice: Overcoming Life's Hurts & Using Your Story to Make a Difference|I would travel far and wide...seeing, listening, creating. I would weave tales for an enthralled audience. A song would be heard throughout the kingdom, and I would be a part of that. You would normally think that a bard would pick up his tales from stories heard in his travels or, perhaps, from personal observation of these events. Perhaps some bards would create the stories themselves or, at least, adapt the original versions heard... But what if the bard were really more than a bard? What if he were once a gallant knight or an old sea captain...perhaps even a forgotten prince? What if the stories he told, what if the characters brought to life in his stories, were really of his comrades and himself? Stories from long ago that he finally wished to be heard? What if those who listened to his tales, all the while assuming that they were far disconnected from their communicator, were really listening to the narrative of a wanderer intimately connected to it all? And where would such an individual go when his final days as an “official” bard were spent? Perhaps he would decide to retire in a lighthouse. For, surely, no place would be more fitting for the hero emeritus. He would gaze upon the glorious sea in recollection...guiding others with the beacon of light atop his home as he had once been shepherded. The adventurer became the storyteller...and then the Sentinel of the Sea.
Charles de Secondat|Free speech is not to be regulated like diseased cattle and impure butter. The audience that hissed yesterday may applaud today, even for the same performance.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|The power of love, as the basis of a State, has never been tried.
Raphael Zernoff|The world is focused on success, which is defined as riches and fame. Define your success as a person of values. Make love, compassion, and kindness your only success and everything else will be available to you.
William Shakespeare, Hamlet|Seems," madam? Nay, it is; I know not "seems."'Tis not alone my inky cloak, good mother,Nor customary suits of solemn black, Nor windy suspiration of forced breath,No, nor the fruitful river in the eye, Nor the dejected 'havior of the visage,Together with all forms, moods, shapes of grief, That can denote me truly: these indeed seem, For they are actions that a man might play: But I have that within which passeth show; These but the trappings and the suits of woe.
Titania Hudson|The gift of love is in the simplest and utter joy of just being with the other. In coming alive to the present moment, together. In recognizing and being overwhelmingly grateful that among countless other possibilities that the vastness of life throws, the moment was possible. The impatience of love, is to desire a million such moments stretching forever. Small. Beautiful. Profound. Fragile. Floating away like flowers on the flowing brook. How foolish we are sometimes to miss the gift of the present, in our desire to imprison the future?
Adam Silvera, They Both Die at the End|Yes, we live, or we're given the chance to, at least, but sometimes living is hard and complicated because of fear.
Ike Skelton|Moreover, environmental health at the local level has become narrowly focused, very much defined around regulations and the attendant regulatory debates.
Gugu Mona|Do you think about making love with me?"I lie awake most nights, fantasizing about sleeping next to her ... loving her. "Right now, muneca, makin' love to you is the only thing on my mind.
Sara B. Larson, Defy|You know you're in love when you cant even put into words, how you feel for a person.
Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park|Don't bite his face, Eleanor told herself. It's disturbing and needy and never happens in situation comedies or movies that end with big kisses.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|No matter how much experience you have, there’s always something new you can learn and room for improvement.
Aphrodite Phoenix, And The Point of All this Agony is...?|Interns, unite: you have nothing to lose but your unpaid positions!
Jean-Paul Sartre|I am not what happened to me, I am what I choose to become.
Plautus|Never advise anyone to go to war or to get married. Write down the advice of him who loves you, though you like it not at present. He that has no children brings them up well.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|It is well said, then, that it is by doing just acts that the just man is produced, and by doing temperate acts the temperate man; without doing these no one would have even a prospect of becoming good.
Becca Fitzpatrick|Since the dawn of time, women have been attracted to mates with strong survival skills—like intelligence and physical prowess—because men with these qualities are more likely to bring home dinner at the end of the day.” He stuck his thumbs in the air and grinned. “Dinner equals survival, team.
Shannon  Mullen, See What Flowers|It is not the darkness of shadows: one that follows you, haunts you, terrifies you. Instead, it consumes you, becomes you, weighs you down. It IS you. It is comforting. Familiar. I have walked with it. Eaten with it. Loved with it. Smiled with it. Yet I feel it destroying me.Like cancer.But I can’t remove it. It stays inside of me, taunting me to kill it, myself, but it does not realize that this seduction keeps me alive.
Nora Roberts, Key of Light|He preferred the term "study" to "office," as an office meant work. No way around it. In a study, you could, well, study, or nap or read, or stare into space thinking long thoughts. You could certainly work, but it wasn't a requirement.
Stanisław Lem, Solaris|We don't want to conquer the cosmos, we simply want to extend the boundaries of Earth to the frontiers of the cosmos.
Dorothy Koomson, Marshmallows for Breakfast|Once young girls used to play with baby dolls, seeing themselves in the role of the nurturing mother; now they can be seen playing with Barbie dolls, seeing themselves in the place of the doll. And of course, the doll is both pretty and stacked. The pressure is on and stays on.
Aaron Sorkin|He is the kind of person I should expect to rescue one from a mad dog at any risk but then insist on a stoical indifference to the fright afterward." Jefferson Davis's future wife describing him at first meeting.
Remy de Gourmont|Within thirty years, we will have the technological means to create superhuman intelligence.
William L. Shirer, The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich: A History of Nazi Germany|In our new age of terrifying, lethal gadgets, which supplanted so swiftly the old one, the first great aggressive war, if it should come, will be launched by suicidal little madmen pressing an electronic button. Such a war will not last long and none will ever follow it. There will be no conquerors and no conquests, but only the charred bones of the dead on and uninhabited planet.
Sam Harris, Letter to a Christian Nation|Atheism is not a philosophy; it is not even a view of the world; it is simply an admission of the obvious. In fact, 'atheism' is a term that should not even exist. No one needs to identify himself as a 'non-astrologer' or a 'non-alchemist.' We do not have words for people who doubt that Elvis is still alive or that aliens have traversed the galaxy only to molest ranchers and cattle. Atheism is nothing more than the noises reasonable people make in the presence of unjustified religious beliefs.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|there is one great truth on this planet: whoever you are, or whatever it is that you do, when you really want something, it's because that desire originated in the soul of the universe. It's your mission on earth.
Salvador Dalí, The Secret Life of Salvador Dalí|My mother's death supervened, and this was the greatest blow I had experienced in my life. I worshipped her... I could not resign myself to the loss of a being on whom I counted to make invisible the unavoidable blemishes of my soul.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The word of God gives us strength, power and hope.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|We always think that God's presence is always provided to fix our problems but what if God's presence is more about fixing your perspectives? So that you will have a new way to see your problems. If you didn't make your bed before leaving home this morning, no angel is going to make your bed for you, it is still going to be as you left it till you come back.
Rosamund Lupton, Sister|We are perishing for want of wonder, not for want of wonders.
Teresa R. Funke, Bursts of Brilliance for a Creative Life blog|Artists have a unique ability to paint the world, and to help people see injustice. They do it not with guns, but with pens and guitars and paintbrushes.
Elizabeth Jane Howard|I apply for a new job twice a week, every week. I am applying for the position of millionaire but so far my numbers haven't come up.
H. Havelock Ellis|I’ve never been jealous before I met you, it burns, luv. Like silver through my veins. Some nights, watching you with other men on your jobs, I think it will drive me mad. (Bones)
Tyler Perry|Happiness is a great power of holiness. Thus, kind words, by their power of producing happiness, have also a power of producing holiness, and so of winning men to God.
Darren Main, The River of Wisdom: Reflections on Yoga, Meditation, and Mindful Living|What I can tell you is that yoga is about removing the muck by shining the light of awareness on it. That is why yoga is so hard. None of us wants to look at the muck, but looking at it is the only way to dissolve it. Thus, there are many times that a yogi may feel filled with darkness. It’s not that the darknessarrived because of yoga; it’s that yoga made you aware of all the things that were holding you back. The good news is that with this awareness, you have the opportunity to dissolve the muck once and for all. However great the doubt, however deep the despair, you can take comfort in knowing that youare feeling these things because your yoga is doing exactly what it was designed to do. You can also take refuge in the knowledge that whatever you are feeling—whether high or low—will pass, because it always does.
Ash Krafton, Bleeding Hearts|We have souls, little slices of infinity inside us, and anyone with a soul couldn’t be forgotten by God. He’d never leave behind a part of Himself.
Steve Forbes|Let us change our traditional attitude to the construction of programs. Instead of imagining that our main task is to instruct a computer what to do, let us concentrate rather on explaining to human beings what we want a computer to do.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|O Lord, Thy Word, revive my soul.
Kate Bolick, Spinster: Making a Life of One's Own|The ingenious person will above all strive for freedom from pain and annoyance, for tranquility and leisure, and consequently seek a quiet, modest life, as undisturbed as possible, and accordingly, after some acquaintance with so-called human beings, choose seclusion and, if in possession of a great mind, even solitude. For the more somebody has in himself, the less he needs from the outside and the less others can be to him. Therefore, intellectual distinction leads to unsociability.
Irvine Welsh, Filth|It is now, at Advent, that I am given the chance to suspend all expectation...and instead to revel in the mystery.
Anthony   North|Life is like a DVR recording. The story goes on, but you cannot see it until you fast forward through the commercials
bell hooks, We Real Cool: Black Men and Masculinity|To walk is to lack a place. It is the indefinite process of being absent and in search of a proper. The moving about that the city mutliplies and concentrates makes the city itself an immense social experience of lacking a place -- an experience that is, to be sure, broken up into countless tiny deportations (displacements and walks), compensated for by the relationships and intersections of these exoduses that intertwine and create an urban fabric, and placed under the sign of what ought to be, ultimately, the place but is only a name, the City...a universe of rented spaces haunted by a nowhere or by dreamed-of places.
Andrena Sawyer|I wanted to be JUSTICE, LOVE, and the WRATH OF GOD all in one.
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|There is much work to be done, and we are the ones privileged to do it.
Jeannette Walls, Half Broke Horses|Deus ex machina not only erases all meaning and emotion, it's an insult to the audience. Each of us knows we must choose and act, for better or worse, to determine the meaning of our lives...Deus ex machina is an insult because it is a lie.
Anna Benson|Marriage should be a duet - when one sings, the other claps.
Sierra Simone, Priest|I cared about her as a person, as a soul, and I wanted to fuck her, and that was the recipe for something much worse than carnal sin. It was a recipe for falling in love.
Kid Rock|I've been looking around, and I noticed something: how much you really need to be loved. Ambition isn't just a desperate quest for positions or money. It's just love - lots of love.
W.B. Yeats, The Wind Among the Reeds|Had I the heavens' embroidered cloths,Enwrought with golden and silver light,The blue and the dim and the dark clothsOf night and light and the half light,I would spread the cloths under your feet:But I, being poor, have only my dreams;I have spread my dreams under your feet;Tread softly because you tread on my dreams.
B.J. Daniels, Lone Rider|If he does it with you, he'll do it to you.
John M Sheehan|From a heart of stone, to a heart of flesh, love makes new what sin makes old
John Clare, Poems Chiefly from Manuscript|O I never thought that joys would run away from boys,Or that boys would change their minds and forsake such summer joys;But alack I never dreamed that the world had other toys
J.G. Ballard, Super-Cannes|Fear envelops bones like new skin,envelops blood with night’s skin,the earth moves beneath the soles of the feet -it is not your hair but the terror in your head,like long hair made of vertical nails,and what you see are not shattered streets,but rather, within you, your own crushed walls,your frustrated infinity, again the city comescrashing down: in your silence, only water’s threatis heard, and in the waterdrowned horses gallop through your death.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|By now, with all our modern technology, there should be no poverty left on earth.
Brian D. McLaren, A Generous Orthodoxy: Why I am a missional, evangelical, post/protestant, liberal/conservative, mystical/poetic, biblical, charismatic/contemplative, ... emergent, unfinished Christian|A true Democratic Spirit is up there with religious faith and emotional maturity and all those other top-of-the-Maslow-Pyramid-type qualities that people spend their whole lives working on. A Democratic Spirit's constituent rigor and humility and self-honesty are, in fact, so hard to maintain on certain issues that it's almost irresistibly tempting to fall in with some established dogmatic camp and to follow that camp's line on the issue and to let your position harden within the camp and become inflexible and to believe that he other camps are either evil or insane and to spend all your time and energy trying to shout over them.
Eliza Green|The shock of recognition is a moment of excitement that shakes the soul. It may be hard to describe, but like other forms of love, you will know it when you feel it
Anne Michaels|The mainland can stretch until it breaks at the weakest points, and those weaknesses are called faults. Each island represented a victory and a defeat: it had either pulled itself free or pulled too hard and found itself alone. Later, as these islands grew older, they turned their misfortune into virtue, learned to accept their cragginess, their misshapen coasts, ragged where they'd been torn. They acquired grace.
Billy Sothern, Down in New Orleans: Reflections from a Drowned City|..I met two young guys from the Oregon National Guard... The lieutenant told me about their temporary barracks in an old neighborhood high school. He told me that he was disgusted that kids ever went to school there, and that in Oregon the place would have been bulldozed and rebuilt so that kids could have a proper place to learn. He seemed troubled that all of this was happening in America. He realized that many of the problems he was seeing in New Orleans existed before the storm, and he wanted to know why people had put up with it and why they hadn't voted out of office the people who had let this happen. I told him I didn't know, but maybe we could change things in New Orleans in the future. He seemed hopeful. I felt less certain.
Jennifer Brown, Hate List|If I knew me as somebody else, I would hate me just as much. Why have a double standard?
Nancy Gibbs|At 13, I was wearing plain t-shirts. Then I used to steal my mom's clothing. She had all these crushed-velvet shirts with French-cut sleeves. And, like, seersucker bell-bottoms.
Ali ibn Abi Talib|If you know you are on the right track, if you have this inner knowledge, then nobody can turn you off... no matter what they say.
Dermot Davis, Stormy Weather|What is a life lived without passion? he asked himself. And what is passion, but a yearning of the soul for recognition and self-expression? The beauty within seeks beauty without.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Shine your light, you will inspire others to radiant their inner light.
Debasish Mridha|If you cannot change your condition, change your perception.
I.M. Pei|Allowing ourselves to become pure point of view, we hang in midair over the city. What we see now is a gigantic metropolis waking up. Commuter trains of many colors move in all directions, transporting people from place to place. Each of those under transport is a human being with a different face and mind, and at the same time each is a nameless part of the collective identity. Each is simultaneously a self-contained whole and a mere part. Handling this dualism of theirs skillfully and advantageously, they perform their morning rituals with deftness and precision: brushing teeth, shaving, tying neckties, applying lipstick. They check the morning news on TV, exchange words with their families, eat, defecate.
Ravi Zacharias, The Grand Weaver: How God Shapes Us Through the Events of Our Lives|I know the difference between reality and fantasy. Those with sick fantasies who know and respect this difference are much less dangerous than those with no fantasies at all, but who can’t tell the difference between fantasy and reality.
Michael Crichton, The Lost World|Although personally, I think cyberspace means the end of our species.
Gabriella Jording|We feel through our minds, we live through our hearts, and we love through our eyes.
Burning Spear|Right-wing extremism is all about patience. That is, until it makes its move, and then it is sudden and explosive.
Gena Showalter, The Darkest Surrender|But if anyoneso much as threatened them because of what Kaiahad once done, she would turn the Slumber PartyMassacre into Blood, Bath and Beyond, adocumentary by Kaia Skyhawk.
H.G. Wells, When the Sleeper Wakes|Already he knew something of the history of the intervening years. He had heard now of the moral decay that had followed the collapse of supernatural religion in the minds of ignoble man, the decline of public honour, the ascendency of wealth. For men who had lost their belief in God had still kept their faith in property, and wealth ruled a venial world.
Henry Ford, The Edison & Ford Quote Book Edison Estate Ltd Edition|Whether you believe you can or you believe you can't, you are correct.
Francis Barel, Saving Kennedy|His lips were approaching hers, but she could not taste sin. Not yet. Not until she knew the name of this golden haired man, so her soul could sing his name for the rest of eternity.
James M. Cain, The Postman Always Rings Twice|Love, when you get fear in it, it's not love any more. It's hate.
Rebecca McNutt, Shadowed Skies: The Third Smog City Novel|Amanda, you finally decided to answer the phone,” her mom exclaimed after picking up at the first ring. “Where’ve you been, what’ve you been up to?”“Mom, do you remember when I was a kid, I had a friend, he was a Personification of the Sydney Tar Ponds, sort of my imaginary friend?” Mandy asked.“No, what in the name of god are you on about?” her mom sighed in exasperation.“Remember? Only I could see him, but he was real and he was my best friend when I was eighteen?” Mandy insisted.“No, I don't remember Alecto Sydney Steele at all,” said her mom all too quickly.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|Spring is a time to make up a big bouquet of flowers for someone you love, or are trying to love, or are in love with.
Catherine Anderson|We've determined that Ms. Hauptman is a potential threat to the public safety, and we are bringing her in as a murder suspect who has supernatural powers that make her too dangerous to be incarcerated in the usual ways.
Abria Mattina, Wake|You have a certain charm, believe it or not. That, and you feed me.
Walter Dean Myers, Darius  Twig|I need to punish her.You need her. Just her. Nothing else.Ignoring my mind’s voice, I look at my prey. She’s the reason I am the way I am.It’s all her fault.And she’s going to pay.
Cynthia Bourgeault, Love Is Stronger Than Death: The Mystical Union of Two Souls|The grandest form of delusion is misconstruing the obvious. Persons with an open, inquisitive, and intuitive mind can detect hidden clues that aggressive, narrow-minded, and impatient rationalist fail to perceive.
Rosanna Leo, Sweet Hell|Every nation is part of the history we inherit, blacks and whites, slaves and gods; we have no other option, embracing each other.
|If the journey to success and happiness was hundred miles, some people would calculate it by meters and get discouraged by the numbers they come up with.
David Rubenstein|I come from a very working-class background, so my family would have been downstairs in the past, as opposed to upstairs. People are often quite surprised to hear that, that I'm not actually posh.
Jim Corbett, The Man-Eating Leopard of Rudraprayag|Happiness begins with gratitude." ~ Dr. MaryAnn Diorio
Kristy Cambron, The Butterfly and the Violin|I was thrown together with Florence, or 'Florawns' as she was called, a pert girl of nineteen who worked in our kitchen and was sent out to help me. First, I followed her to a butcher where fat sausages hung from the ceiling like aldermen's chains, and I could choose the best of plump ducks, sides of beef, and chops standing guard like sentries on parade. Once the deal was done Florence paid him, gave me a wink and cast a trickle of coins into her apron pocket. So it seemed that serving girls will pay themselves the whole world over.The size of the Paris market made Covent Garden look like a tinker's tray. And I never before saw such neatness; the cakes arranged in pinks and yellows and greens like an embroidery, and the cheeses even prettier, some as tiny as thimbles and others great solid cartwheels. As for the King Cakes the French made for Twelfth Night, the scents of almond and caramelled sugar were to me far sweeter than any perfumed waters.
Jalaluddin Rumi, Rumi: Poems|This silence, this moment, every moment, if it’s genuinely inside you, brings what you need. There’s nothing to believe. Only when I stopped believing in myself did I come into this beauty.Sit quietly, and listen for a voice that will say, ‘Be more silent.’ Die and be quiet. Quietness is the surest sign that you’ve died. Your old life was a frantic running from silence. Move outside the tangle of fear-thinking.Live in silence.
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|[T]here are two races of men in this world, but only these two -- the "race" of the decent man and the "race" of the indecent man. Both are found everywhere; they penetrate into all groups of society. No group consists entirely of decent or indecent people.
Christina Engela, Blachart|In the process of helping others, I helped myself. In acting out of my own brokeness I became whole again. It's the kind of strength and determination you find when you have hit rock bottom and you realize you could die right now - and want to, but realize that even death won't make the difference you were hoping for.
Boris Pasternak, Doctor Zhivago|He realised, more vividly than ever before, that art had two constant, two unending preoccupations: it is always meditating upon death and it is always thereby creating life.
Louise Bourgeois|I dined with Legrandin on the terrace of his house by moonlight. "There is a charming quality, is there not," he said to me, "in this silence; for hearts that are wounded, as mine is, a novelist whom you will read in time to come asserts that there is no remedy but silence and shadow. And you see this, my boy, there comes in all our lives a time, towards which you still have far to go, when the weary eyes can endure but one kind of light, the light which a fine evening like this prepares for us in the stillroom for darkness, when the ears can listen to no music save what the moonlight breathes through the flute of silence.
Jaq D. Hawkins|We are not like you. We do not glory in having power over our own kind." Haghuf turned to walk away. Then as an afterthought added over his shoulder, "Or imagining that we do.
Auliq Ice|Knowledge inside us, is a gift that can never be returned.
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|Translating from #cat is easy - you just ignore everything, then you decide what you want it to have said, thought, or wanted.
Kate Mullane Robertson|When you can cross the highwire without falling off, you are in a state of perfect balance, perfect grace. It is the same with obedience. When you submit, submit totally, you enter that same equilibrium, surrender and grace. This is the meaning of erotic.
John Kenneth Galbraith, The Culture of Contentment|A rich person is just a poor person with a crown and elaborate clothing, and a poor person is just a rich person with a crownless head and ragged clothing.
Dean Ornish|The Internet ethos of diversity and competition runs exactly counter to uniform, gatekeeper-oriented medical culture - the technocratic philosophy of the 'one best way' embodied in our pharmaceutical regulations. On the Net, medical information is abundant, and pharmacies, domestic and foreign, operate on many different models.
Emma Rose Kraus, A Blue One|She did not care where he was or how she was going to find him, all she knew is the reward would be worth it...however, alive, kicking and raring to go would be preferable
Christopher Paolini, Eragon|He bent his gaze sternly on them. "First, let no one rule your mind or body. Take special care that your thoughts remain unfettered. One may be a free man and yet be bound tighter than a slave. Give men your ear, but not your heart. Show respect for those in power, but don't follow them blindly. Judge with logic and reason, but comment not."Consider none your superior, whatever their rank or station in life. Treat all fairly or they will seek revenge. Be careful with your money. Hold fast to your beliefs and others will listen." He continued at a slower pace, "Of the affairs of love... my only advice is to be honest. That's your most powerful took to unlock a heart or gain forgiveness. That's all I have to say." He seemed slightly self-conscious of his speech.
Tyler Cowen, An Economist Gets Lunch: New Rules for Everyday Foodies|It's all very Italian (and decidedly un-American): to insist that doing the right thing is the most pleasurable thing, and that the act of consumption might be an act of addition rather than subtraction.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Teamwork is the best ever investment. If I make 3 and you make 5, together we will not make 8. We will make 15. Leaders build active teams.
V.S. Naipaul|...Anand, look at the back of my hands. No hair. The sign of an advanced race, boy. And look at yours. No hair either. But you never know. With some of your mother's bad blood flowing in your veins you could wake up one morning and find yourself hairy like a monkey
C. JoyBell C.|The strangest things about people, are the different ways that people feel loved. Really, it is very strange how one word can mean so many different things to so many different people. And then there are the unique ways how we feel forgotten and left behind... it's different for everyone, and if only we could believe one another's truths and see each other's stories when we look into one another's eyes... because that would make all the difference.
Richard Whately|Most men, when they think they are thinking, are merely rearranging their prejudices.
Beau Taplin|Hearts aren't handcuffs and people aren't prisons. When you feel it's time for you to leave, you leave. You neither need to wait to be released, nor ask for permission.
Dave Grohl|It's funny, in a way the actor is a writer. It's not like the two things are so separate as to be like apples and oranges. The writer and the actor are one.
Neal Shusterman, UnSouled|You should never apologize for existing, Lev. Not even to all those people out there who wish you didn't.
Raymond D. Longoria Jr.|When I pass-away (as each of us must) release a balloon into the sky with ashes attached, to celebrate my graduation... My graduation from this life to the next.
Suzanne Hayes|There is no reason for him to be in a strange land, the grim reaper holding him close, saying, "Yes, today is the day," or "No, not yet.
Marjorie M. Liu, The Iron Hunt|We're none of us quite so sure of our place in the world that we can't be rocked off our feet by bad times. It's the getting back up again that counts. Not that you fall, but getting back up again counts for more in the long run.
Oscar Wilde|I don't love Photoshop; I like imperfection. It doesn't mean ugly. I love a girl with a gap between her teeth, versus perfect white veneers. Perfection is just... boring. Perfect is what's natural or real; that is beauty.
Michel Houellebecq, Soumission|Maybe my dissertation really had been as brilliant as he claimed, the truth was I remember almost nothing about it; the intellectual leaps I made when I was young were a distant memory to me, and now I was surrounded by a kind of aura, when really my only goal in life was to do a little reading and get in bed at four in the afternoon with a carton of cigarettes and a bottle; and yet, at the same time, I had to admit, I was going to die if I kept that up – I was going to die fast, unhappy and alone. And did I really want to die fast, unhappy and alone? In the end, only kind of.
Bradley B. Dalina|Long distance relationship is like a dream,It can be SWEET,It can be SADandIt can also be a NIGHTMARE.
Michael Meade|It made leaving bearable, knowing I'd had that kind of love in my life. Knowing I'd had the best thing.
Ana Ortega|You should be aware that anywhere that a ground rod is installed, that there may be AC voltage/current/frequency in the vicinity of it.
David Bergen, Stranger: A Novel|-And what would you do if you lost a child?-I would think I was going to die, Elena said. But I wouldn't. I learned long ago that I must give up my child to the earth, to God, to the world, to death, to the possibility of death, to the possibility of disease, and in doing so I became at peace. Because I had let my child go. And in letting the child go, I became colder, more distant, and more at peace. But I still loved the child, don't be wrong. As you love your child. I am sorry.
Reid Scott|November is auspicious in so many parts of the country: the rice harvest is already in, the weather starts to cool, and the festive glow which precedes Christmas has began to brighten the landscape.
Ken Follett, The Pillars of the Earth|Aliena's brother, Richard, sometimes reminded her of her father, with a look or a gesture, and that was when she felt a surge of affection.
Eoin Colfer, The Atlantis Complex|How do I love thee? wondered Orion. "Let me see. I love thee passionately and eternally...obviously eternally-that goes without saying." Holly blinked sweat from her eyes. "Is he serious?" she called over her shoulder to Foaly. "Oh, absolutely," said the centaur "If he asks you to look for birthmarks, say no immediately." "Oh, I would never." Orion assured her. "Ladies don't look for birthmarks; that is work for jolly fellows like the Goodly Beast and myself. Ladies, like Miss Short, do enough by simply existing. They exude beauty, and that is enough." "I am not exuding anything." said Holly, through gritted teeth. Orion tapped her shoulder. "I beg to differ. You're exuding right now, a wonderful aura. It's pastel blue with little dolphins." Holly gripped the wheel tightly. "I'm going to be sick. Did he just say pastel blue?" "And dolphins, little ones," said Foaly.
Donald Worster, Under Western Skies: Nature and History in the American West|We trust ourselves, far more than our ancestors did… The root of our predicament lies in the simple fact that, though we remain a flawed and unstable species, plagued now as in the past by a thousand weaknesses, we have insisted on both unlimited freedom and unlimited power. It would now seem clear that, if we want to stop the devastation of the earth, the growing threats to our food, water, air, and fellow creatures, we must find some way to limit both.
Steven Magee, Curing Electromagnetic Hypersensitivity|A small cabin stands in the Glacier Peak Wilderness, about a hundred yards off a trail that crosses the Cascade Range. In midsummer, the cabin looked strange in the forest. It was only twelve feet square, but it rose fully two stories and then had a high and steeply peaked roof. From the ridge of the roof, moreover, a ten-foot pole stuck straight up. Tied to the top of the pole was a shovel. To hikers shedding their backpacks at the door of the cabin on a cold summer evening -- as the five of us did -- it was somewhat unnerving to look up and think of people walking around in snow perhaps thirty-five feet above, hunting for that shovel, then digging their way down to the threshold. [1971]
Amanda Lindhout, A House in the Sky|It is an obvious fact that you can never look ahead with clarity at your own future or anybody else's. You can't know what will happen until it happens. Or maybe it dawns on you the split second before, when you get a glimpse of your own fate.
Terry Pratchett, Eric|Think twice before you pull your trouser and rape a woman; she may be your mother, sister or friend, and you know the consequences that follows.
Claude Monet|Some people misunderstand evil and believe it will relent, and because their misplaced hope inspires dark hearts to dream darker dreams, they are the fathers and mothers of all wars. Evil does not relent; it must be defeated. And even when defeated, uprooted, and purified by fire, evil leaves behind a seed that will one day germinate and, in blooming, again be misunderstood.
J.L. Sheppard, Burdened By Desire|I love you, Jocelyn, and nothing, not even death, will ever keep me away from you.
Elena Kincaid, Unshattered|He held his fingers to my lips. “Shh, don’t say it, Tyler. Don’t say the words that will fucking break me. Don’t say the words that will tear my world apart.” Dean sighed and gripped his eyes shut before looking back at me again. “Don’t ask me to give up something that has always been a part of me. It will kill me, Tyler. Please. I can’t live without you.
Kresley Cole, A Hunger Like No Other|Nix had told Emma before she'd left for Europe that on this trip she would 'do that which you were born to do.' Apparently, Emma was born to get kidnapped by a deranged Lykae. Her fate sucked.
Bob Dylan|But, like Shakespeare, I too am often occupied with the pursuit of my creative endeavors and dealing with all aspects of life's mundane matters. "Who are the best musicians for these songs?" "Am I recording in the right studio?" "Is this song in the right key?" Some things never change, even in 400 years.Not once have I ever had the time to ask myself, "Are my songs literature?"So, I do thank the Swedish Academy, both for taking the time to consider that very question, and, ultimately, for providing such a wonderful answer.
Timothy J. Keller, The Meaning of Marriage: Facing the Complexities of Commitment with the Wisdom of God|Real love, the Bible says, instinctively desires permanence.
Itzhak Perlman|Human beings do not live in the objective world alone, nor alone in the world of social activity as ordinarily understood, but are very much at the mercy of the particular language which has become the medium of expression for their society.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Raven King|To think you could have been dreaming the cure for cancer," Blue said. "Look, Sargent," Ronan retorted, "I was gonna dream you some eye cream last night since clearly modern medicine's doing jack shit for you, but I nearly had my ass handed to me by a death snake from the fourth circle of dream hell, so you're welcome."Blue was appropriately touched. "Ah, thanks, man.""No problem, bro.
Jurgen Klinsmann|I keep up with everything in terms of health, fitness, nutrition, skin care, hair, nails. Really, everything. I'm an avid reader of every women's health newsletter from every hospital in the country.
B. H. Liddell Hart|In war, when a commander becomes so bereft of reason and perspective that he fails to understand the dependence of arms on Divine guidance, he no longer deserves victory.
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|What matters in relationship isn't how you see each other, but whether you see each other.
Carol Lee, To Die For|Because now mental health disorders have gone “mainstream”. And for all the good it’s brought people like me who have been given therapy and stuff, there’s a lot of bad it’s brought too.Because now people use the phrase OCD to describe minor personality quirks. “Oooh, I like my pens in a line, I’m so OCD.”NO YOU’RE FUCKING NOT.“Oh my God, I was so nervous about that presentation, I literally had a panic attack.”NO YOU FUCKING DIDN’T.“I’m so hormonal today. I just feel totally bipolar.”SHUT UP, YOU IGNORANT BUMFACE.Told you I got angry.These words – words like OCD and bipolar – are not words to use lightly. And yet now they’re everywhere. There are TV programmes that actually pun on them. People smile and use them, proud of themselves for learning them, like they should get a sticker or something. Not realizing that if those words are said to you by a medical health professional, as a diagnosis of something you’ll probably have for ever, they’re words you don’t appreciate being misused every single day by someone who likes to keep their house quite clean.People actually die of bipolar, you know? They jump in front of trains and tip down bottles of paracetamol and leave letters behind to their devastated families because their bullying brains just won’t let them be for five minutes and they can’t bear to live with that any more.People also die of cancer.You don’t hear people going around saying: “Oh my God, my headache is so, like, tumoury today.”Yet it’s apparently okay to make light of the language of people’s internal hell
John Paul II, Blessed Are the Pure of Heart: Catechesis on the Sermon on the Mount and Writings of St. Paul|The lust of the flesh directs these desires [of personal union], however, to satisfaction of the body, often at the cost of a real and full communion of persons.
Robert Irwin|One of the least arduous but most productive of gardening jobs, the magic of deadheading never fails to delight me. It was a revelation when the principle was explained to me: that flowers are the attempt by the plant to reproduce itself. So if you cut the heads off before the flower turns into seeds, the plant will continue to flower.
Douglas Adams|In any solid, good relationship, it takes a while to trust someone.
Sarah Todd Hammer, Determination|The video was still playing, although I didn't know why. It seemed as if the able-bodied dancers were mocking me.
The Bhagavad Gita|For him who has conquered the min, the mind is the best of friends; but for one who has failed to do so, his mind will remain the greatest enemy. SB 6.6
Perry Farrell|I'm really interested in the current tech world because of my brother Michael. Since we were little kids, in the 1970s, he was dealing with the first computers. He works for the government.
Gordon B. Hinckley|We all have had our share of broken promises.. Learn from those who do not honor their words and put your focus on "Being Honorable" ~bns
Richard Llewellyn, How Green Was My Valley|And what does he feel?""He feels uneasy. A little afaid. Angry. Oddly, a hint of pride.""Good," Henry said. "ANd where are you?""Backstage."Henry shook his head gravely. "THere's no such thing as backstage. The play begins, and there's only the world it dramatizes. Now, where are you?""With my father, the president. In his chambers.""Right. With me. Your father. And now--this is important--do you love me?"Nelson considered this; or rather, Nelson, as Alejo, considered this."Yes," he said after a moment. "I do.""Good. Remember that. In every scene--even when you hate me, you also love me. That's why it hurts. Got it?"Nelson said that he did."Are you sure?""Yes.""Good. Because it does hurt," Henry said. "DOn't forget that. It's supposed to. Always.
Marcel Proust, Time Regained|If a road ends, that creates a great opportunity to develop new abilities to continue! Welcome every challenge in your life!
Howard J. Ross, Everyday Bias: Identifying and Navigating Unconscious Judgments in Our Daily Lives|The essence of diversity is the individual's experience of it. Diversity is about personalised shades of experience emanating from universal colours of humanity, but each person takes from the universal what is relevant to them and alters it by their own interpersonal experience.
Alexandra Adornetto, Hades|How can the strength of one man stand against Jake and an army of demons?""He can," I countered, "if he has the power of Heaven on his side. After all, Christ was a man.""He was also the Son of God, there's a difference.""Do you think they could have crucified him if he wasn't human?" I asked. "He was flesh and blood, just like Xavier. You've been here so long you underestimate the power of humans. They're a force of nature.
Miles Anthony Smith, Becoming Generation Flux: Why Traditional Career Planning is Dead: How to be Agile, Adapt to Ambiguity, and Develop Resilience|Adaptability is the name of the game; if you understand that you must now be adaptable and flexible, you will find a way to succeed in your career. If not, you will succumb to job market pressures.
Sunday Adelaja|To see the miracle, you must be the miracle.
Sara Quin|Unseen University had never admitted women, muttering something about problems with the plumbing, but the real reason was an unspoken dread that if women were allowed to mess around with magic they would probably be embarrassingly good at it…
Sandeep Jauhar|Without the patient, there is no healthcare.
L. Lionel Kendrick|Sportsmanship is definitely an important thing in all sports. In soccer, we all respect each other on such a high level, between Sweden and Brazil and Japan or whatever team it is.
Alyssa Brugman, Alex As Well|To Tengo, sexual desire was fundamentally an extension of a means of communication. And so, to look for sexual desire in a place where there was no possibility of communication seemed inappropriate to him.
Mehmet Murat ildan|I even felt a vicarious guilt, like a German meeting Jewish people in Poland who had never heard of the Holocaust, or that there were Jews in America, and trying to explain it to them. Ashea, I wished I could say. Ashea.
Mitt Romney|The young are adept at learning, but even more adept at avoiding it.
Holly Hood, Heart of Gypsies|Life is not kind. Who are you trying to kid, Kendall?” He sighed.
John Paul Warren|The Law was never given to gentiles but to Jews only, so why do so many gentiles struggle today with mixing law and grace?
Françoise Sagan, Dans un mois, dans un an|We make our own symbols, after the event has passed and begun to spoil.
Freya North, Chances|... Everything he feels, he feels strongly. Too strongly, sometimes. I think he freaks people out.
Barry Unsworth, Sacred Hunger|The individualism of current economic theory is manifest in the purely self-interested behavior it generally assumes. It has no real place for fairness, malevolence, and benevolence, nor for the preservation of human life or any other moral concern.
William Zinsser, On Writing Well: The Classic Guide to Writing Nonfiction|There are some writers who sweep us along so strongly in their current of energy--Normal mailer, Tom Wolfe, Toni Morrison, William F. Buckley, Jr., Hunter Thompson, David Foster Wallace, Dave Eggers--that we assume that when they go to work the words just flow. Nobody thinks of the effort they made every morning to turn on the switch. You also have to turn on the switch. Nobody is going to do it for you.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|A person can transfigure the disquiet of solitude in a positive or negative manner. Periods of enforced solitude can cause a person to develop eccentricities of conduct and character, parley with a number of mental aberrations, partake in self-destructive diversions, or use their time productively to contemplate worldly issues and diligently work on self-improvement.
Brent L. Top, Finding Inward Stillness:  Practical Applications of Christ's Atonement in Everyday Living|Teaching our children to live a quiet, sane, and balanced life is one of the most important parental tasks of our day.
David Markson, Wittgenstein's Mistress|Once, Turner had himself lashed to the mast of a ship for several hours, during a furious storm, so that he could later paint the storm. Obviously, it was not the storm itself that Turner intended to paint. What he intended to paint was a representation of the storm. One's language is frequently imprecise in that manner, I have discovered.
Vince Lombardi|We don't need to share the same opinions as others, but we need to be respectful.
Mayra Santos-Febres, Sirena Selena|Go to Zillicks down the block. It has three booths at the back. Go in the middle one and wait. When you lamp me turning the pages of the directory outside, shove your money in the return-coin slot and walk out. Take it easy. Don't let the druggist see you. Your stuff'll be there when you go back for it. If you're even a dime short don't show up, it won't do ya no good. Twelve o'clock tonight.''Twelve o'clock;' Fisher agreed. They separated. How many a seemingly casual street-corner conversation like that on the city's streets has just such an unguessed, sinister topic. Murder, theft, revenge, narcotics. While the crowd goes by around it unaware. ("I'm Dangerous Tonight")
Ray Charles|For me, music and life are all about style.
Najwa bin Laden, Growing Up bin Laden: Osama's Wife and Son Take Us Inside Their Secret World|For that entire journey across the rough terrain of Afghanistan, I never stopped praying that everything of the world could be peaceful, that all lives might return to normal. I believe that wish is universal for every woman who is a mother.For all the horrible happenings that have occurred since I left Afghanistan, I can only think and feel with my mother's heart. For every child lost, a mother's heart harbors the deepest pain. None can see our sons grow to men. None can see our daughters become mothers. No longer can we see the smiles on their faces, or wipe away their tears. My mother's heart feels the pain of every loss, weeping not only for my children, but for the lost children of every mother.
Linda Hogan, Dwellings: A Spiritual History of the Living World|What a strange alchemy we have worked, turning earth around to destroy itself, using earth's own elements to wound it.
G.K. Chesterton, Orthodoxy|Where is it?" I asked, willing him to tell me.He laughed suddenly, and I could hear the full-throated, grating sound of the white bear's laughter in it."East of the sun and west of the moon," he said.
Gordon B. Hinckley|work at our responsibility as parents as if everything in life counted on it, because in fact everything in life does count on it.
Shannon Hale, Forest Born|What's wrong with you, Daniel? How can you laugh about these things?" And I'm like, 'Cause crying only gets you halfway there, duh.
Eduardo Galeano|Oh my God, I am such a liar. And I can't even leave it at just one lie, either. Oh, no. I have to pile it on. I am sick, I tell you. Sick.
Colm Tóibín, Brooklyn|None of them could help her. She had lost all of them. They would not find out about this; she would not put it into a letter. And because of this she understood that they would never know her now. Maybe, she thought, they had never known her, any of them, because if they had, then they would have had to realize what this would be like for her.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|You end up with a machine which knows that by its mildest estimate it must have terrible enemies all around and within it, but it can't find them. It therefore deduces that they are well-concealed and expert, likely professional agitators and terrorists. Thus, more stringent and probing methods are called for. Those who transgress in the slightest, or of whom even small suspicions are harboured, must be treated as terrible foes. A lot of rather ordinary people will get repeatedly investigated with increasing severity until the Government Machine either finds enemies or someone very high up indeed personally turns the tide... And these people under the microscope are in fact just taking up space in the machine's numerical model. In short, innocent people are treated as hellish fiends of ingenuity and bile because there's a gap in the numbers.
Mickey Drexler|I find, in merchandising and design and creative, a business school degree isn't particularly helpful.
Christopher Hitchens|I have been called arrogant myself in my time, and hope to earn the title again, but to claim that I am privy to the secrets of the universe and its creator - that's beyond my conceit.
Robert Fanney|It has been often said that writing is 99 percent perspiration and 1 percent inspiration. In my experience, this is true. But, in my opinion, it is useless without that 1 percent. It's like an engine without fuel -- can't get anywhere without it. Or like a lighthouse without a light on top -- doesn't guide anyone in to home or safe harbor.
Mary Docter|My trust in God flows out of the experience of his loving me, day in and day out, whether the day is stormy or fair, whether I'm sick or in good health, whether I'm in a state of grace or disgrace. He comes to me where I live and loves me as I am.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|There can be many opinions on a thing, but there is only one truth."Vashet smiled lazily. "And if the pursuit of the truth was my goal, that would concern me." She gave a long yawn, stretching like a happy cat. "Instead I will focus on the joy in my heart, [...}
Maggie Nelson, The Red Parts|I felt the wild need for any or all of these people that night. Lying there alone, I began to feel - perhaps even to know - that I did not exist apart from their love and need of me.Of this latter I felt less sure, but it seemed possible, if the equation worked both ways.Falling asleep I thought, 'Maybe this, for me, is the hand of God.
Carrie Newcomer|Every night before I go to sleep I say out loud three things that I am grateful for, all the significant, insignificant, extraordinary, ordinary stuff of my life. It is s small practice and humble, and yet, I find I sleep better holding what lightens and softens my life every so briefly at the end of the day.
-Daryavesh Rothmensch|The world was created for Mankind, not for some of mankind.
Keith Buckley, Scale: A Novel|Memorizing the writer's handbook doesn't make you a writer. It makes you a specialist, and it puts you to a class with people who were given the same training. You all share the same view from the same room.
Charbel Tadros|If happiness were the means to measure the evolutionary level of a species, I bet Darwin would’ve changed his mind and places humans at the very bottom.
R. W. Patterson|If a soul could drown in its own tears, then hers was already dead.
Martin Freeman|Marriage is a difficult project. When seven years have passed and all your body's cells have been replaced, you're meant to experience that seven-year itch.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|No matter how much I care for you I cannot grow for you, you have to do your own growing – it’s your personal responsibility. Make a plan on how you will get the skills and experience required to become a practitioner of note in your area of choice.
Carl von Clausewitz|Mankind will never win lasting peace so long as men use their full resources only in tasks of war. While we are yet at peace, let us mobilize the potentialities, particularly the moral and spiritual potentialities, which we usually reserve for war.
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|Dead is not an option ".
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Tough love may be tough to give, but it is a necessity of life and assurance of positive growth.
Kat Von D., Go Big or Go Home: Taking Risks in Life, Love, and Tattooing|We get swallowed up by the illusion that unless we can find a place to belong, we are going to be all alone in the world.
Nelson Mandela|That's politics. After six o'clock, we can be friends, but before six, it's politics.
Peggy Toney Horton|If Christmas is a universally comprehensive and keenly clandestine rescue mission strategically crafted by God Himself eons before the rescue was necessary, it would naturally follow that if it is doomed to anything, it is doomed to incontestable success.
Csaba Gabor-B.|Life is a series of conflicts between the right way and the easy way each day.The thing is you head up straight. And when you make that choice. And when you decide turn your back to what's comfortable, and safe and what someone calls common sense. So, that's day one. From there, it's only get tougher. But make sure it is something you really want because the easy-way always be there to wash you away. Each step in life comes to a decision and take another. Now You are on your way but You fight against an opponent you can't see, but all you can feel among your heels. Feel him breathing down on your neck. That's you. Your fears, your doubts, your insecurity all end up as an enemy within. Remember life is royal battle between You and You.
Florence Henderson|While the recent addition of the National Guard providing a support role manning computers and cameras has allowed more Border Patrol agents to work the field, more agents are still needed.
Steve Jobs|Adventure upon all the tickets in the lottery, and you lose for certain; and the greater the number of your tickets the nearer your approach to this certainty.
Adelaide Kane|I didn't know what was going to happen with 'Teen Wolf.' I was only scheduled to do four episodes for them, but they kept me on, and I was like, 'Sweet! I'm still employed! That's awesome!' And then, they let me know that they were considering having me for the second half of the season.
David Stove, Against the Idols of the Age|Baby rats need rat milk, baby cats need cat milk, baby dogs need dog milk, baby humans need human milk, baby cows need cow milk, baby chimps need chimp milk.. Would anyone believe it if someone claimed adult giraffes need elephant milk? or adult horses need squirrel milk? or adult possums need goat milk? or adult humans need cow milk? oh, wait, no, that last one makes total sense.. NOT
Michael Connelly, The Concrete Blonde|True peace required the presence of justice, not just the absence of conflict.
Robert Greene, The 48 Laws of Power|For the future, the motto is, "No days unalert.
Nastia Liukin|I think a book is your calling card, your business card.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|…Finally, although Tennent’s Super Strong lager, White Lightning, and for the rare rich alcoholic Stella Artois are perfectly acceptable drinks, could you please come up with something less damaging? I think lighter fuel is better for you and contains fewer chemicals.
Rob Sheffield, Love Is a Mix Tape|I've never heard of anybody getting rid of their prized Exile postcards, much less actually writing on them and sending them through the mail to a girl. I watched these two, laughing over this story at the same kitchen table they've shared for thirty years. I realize that I will never fully understand the millions of bizarre ways that music brings people together.
Atalina Wright, Unbound|Love cannot be contained, love is destined to transcend and change.
Terri Blackstock, Truth Stained Lies|Eric waited all his life for love and, in meeting, Tina thought he had it. What he got wasn't quite what he'd dreamed about.
Maurice Saatchi|True Americanism is practical idealism. Its aims, instead of being materialistic and mechanical, are idealistic to the point of being Utopian. In this way, the U.S. can provide and express ideals that strike a chord in humans everywhere - a declaration of independence on behalf of all the peoples of the world.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Our politicians, by their words and policies, either expand or contract the frontiers of freedom. We the people either monitor and encourage its progress, or witness and suffer its decline. (Scott L. Vanatter)
Domonique Bertolucci, The Happiness Code: Ten Keys to Being the Best You Can Be|Just because there are thingsyou still want, that doesn’t meanyou can’t feel gratitude for all thewealth and abundancealready in your life.
Sonia Sotomayor, My Beloved World|You will either have value, or be grist for the mill — nothing more.
Sebastian K. Young, I Had Every Excuse to Fail, but I Chose None|Knowing the Techniques of Survival........Our fears and anxieties will often drive us to build impenetrable walls that act like blinders deflecting others and preventing us from seeing who surrounds us. Getting focused to the things that matter are the Key to what has to be to COMPLETE our MISSION. "I Had Every Excuse to Fail but I Chose None" Speak Life!!!(sky)
Julie Anne Long, It Started With a Scandal|It seems you want me at your mercy, Princess. Question is, why?No, she whispered, question is do I?
James Jean-Pierre|I could’ve quit long ago, but there wouldn’t be nothing to quit to, unless I was ready to commit suicide.
Sahara Sanders|A friend won't always be there, at times you are on your own, but alone you still may find light.
Émile Zola, The Joy of Life|She pauses several treads from the bottom, listening, waiting; she is again possessed (it seems to be getting worse) by a dream-like feeling, as if she is standing in the wings, about to go onstage and perform in a play for which she is not appropriately dressed, and for which she has not adequately rehearsed.
Jonathan Sacks|I think that anybody that stays in school, gets good grades, pays the price, I think we are wealthy enough in the public and the private sector in America to make sure that every child in America that wants to continue their education, they should be able to do that.
Diana Georgeff|So, the world happens twice--once what we see it as;second it legends itselfdeep, the way it is.
Tavi Gevinson|I'd have to say losing the title to Ali in '74 was the lowest moment in sports for me. It was the most devastating thing in my boxing career, and it still hurts to this day.
Laurie Helgoe|The quicker we humans learn that saving open space and wildlife is critical to our welfare and quality of life, maybe we'll start thinking of doing something about it.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn|The simple step of a courageous individual is not to take part in the lie. "One word of truth outweighs the world.
Jack Handy|Sometimes I think the world has gone completely mad. And then I think, "Aw, who cares?" And then I think, "Hey, what's for supper?
Gena Showalter, Alice in Zombieland|Pops: How about you finish this sentence for me, Jason? When a girl says no she means...Justin, looking desperately at me: No?Nana: Are you sure?Justin, shifting uncomfortably: I'm sure. No means no.Nana: Well look at you. You got one right. Now here's another, even tougher sentence for you to finish. Premarital sex is...Me: Nana! I'm so sorry Justin.Nana: Unlike Pops, I'm not moving on. Justin?Pops: His name is Jason.Justin:Uh....uh....Pops: While you think about that, why don't you tell me how you feel about drinking and driving?Justin: I'm totally against it, I swear!Nana: Methinks he protests too much.
Toba Beta|People usually feel funny, smile and laugh when I tell them about my strong belief in the very existence of prehistoric advanced technology and great civilizations of wilier races. I just can't wait to see their faces at time the truth is revealed.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Life Together: The Classic Exploration of Christian Community|Very few people believe in the devil these days, which suits the devil very well. He is always helping to circulate the news of his own death. The essence of God is existence, and He defines Himself as: 'I am Who am.' The essence of the devil is the lie, and he defines himself as: 'I am who am not.' Satan has very little trouble with those who do not believe in him; they are already on his side.
Kerry Cohen, Loose Girl: A Memoir of Promiscuity|I spent many a charming evening talking and playing with Albertine, but none so sweet as when I was watching her sleep.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Personal branding for dream fulfillment often comes like the process of building castles. You have to be attracted to the construction work carefully, consistently and passionately over time.
Alan Cohen|Her innocence was maddening. She should know. She should know what her steward had done. She should know it to be her fault whether she’d given the order or not–and whether she knew or not. Innocent? Her? Never.He did not want her to know. He did not want her to see. But:Look at me, he found himself thinking furiously at her. Look at me. She lifted her eyes, and did.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Practically every fella that breaks the law has a danged good reason, to his own way of thinking, which makes every case exceptional, not just one or two. Take you, for example.
Jodi Picoult|My mother always says when you fight destiny, destiny fights back. Some things, they're just written in the stars. You can try but you can never escape what's meant to be.
Dr DLN, Science, Religion & Spirituality|when you look to some one, That moment you looked away from yourself.
Arundhati Roy, The Checkbook and the Cruise Missile: Conversations with Arundhati Roy|What made such a plan seem workable was that for the early pluralists and their multicultural descendants society would have fewer and fewer traditional groups. The kind of pluralist society that Dewey and Kallen envisaged would go beyond rooted ethnic communities. It would become the evolving creation of “free” individual participants, setting goals under scientiﬁc direction and having their material interests monitored by a “conductor state.” The world as conceived by pluralists was there to be managed and to be made culturally safe for its framers: Eastern and Central European Jews fearful of traditional Gentile mores and the uprooted descendants of New England Calvinists looking for the New Jerusalem under scientiﬁc management.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Doubt, fear and regret are the three villains of success. However, if you close the door on the first two, you will never have to worry about meeting the third.
Harshit Walia|A criminal mind needs consideration rather than the criminal itself. In truth, there are more criminals than those who committed a crime.
Susan Wingate, Drowning|[When asked about Writing Conferences]"You meet people that will change your life.
Anastasia Bolinder|Let us runaway to the aspirations we dream of in our childish moments, where magic is real and we are unstoppable.
Jim Ryun|The day when a sportsman stops thinking above all else of the happiness in his own effort and the intoxication of the power and physical balance he derives from it, the day when he lets considerations of vanity or interest take over, on this day his ideal will die.
Michael Ignatieff, Human Rights as Politics and Idolatry|...our species is one, and each of the individuals who compose it are entitled to equal moral consideration.
Sabrina Jeffries, How the Scoundrel Seduces|Any friend of my cousin's is a friend of mine, sir. How exactly do you know Lady Zoe?"Before Tristan could answer, Zoe jumped in. "We met at some party, did we not, Mr. Bonnaud?""Yes." Tristan forced a smile. "Clearly a very dull one, since neither of us can remember which one it was.
Donald Miller, A Million Miles in a Thousand Years: What I Learned While Editing My Life|Your tale, sir, would cure deafness.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|When there’s a vacuum of public input, lobbyists usually fill it. But when there’s public input, the people usually win.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|Ah, Senor Zhang," Leo said, "you know how you're always saying, 'Leo, you are the only true genius among demigods'?""I'm pretty sure I never said that.
Hugh MacLeod, Evil Plans: Having Fun on the Road to World Domination|..The stuff you learn beforehand will never be one-tenth as useful as the stuff you learn the hard way, on the job.
Charles Stross, Saturn's Children|Although I am unconvinced that I desire life, I am not yet ready to embrace death.
Sophia Newtown|Man needs only a small patch of earth for his pleasures, and a smaller one still to rest beneath.
Elizabeth David, An Omelette and a Glass of Wine|Cookery means…English thoroughness, French art, and Arabian hospitality; it means the knowledge of all fruits and herbs and balms and spices; it means carefulness, inventiveness, and watchfulness.
Andrew S. Grove|I am aware always that the powers that be are so strong, we can not go headlong to pit our forces, it would be suicidal, so we had that position. Which Lenin himself said that 'it is not only foolish to launch an armed revolution but it is a leftist criminal adventurism when the people are not ready to support it.' The people are not ready, they don't even understand what we are talking about.. . . Yes, even socialism is not yet understood by people, much less communism. And the rich are very afraid of communism because it means confiscation of their wealth and liquidation of their lives.
Brad Paisley|I feel like when you have an unauthorized police badge and something that looks like it could be a concealed weapon in the small of your back that when you, someone crosses you, pisses you off, road rage, I think just the slight badge and the little moving away of the jacket and not losing eye contact does amazing things.
Annalee Newitz, Autonomous|How many times had Paladin looked into this human face, its features animated by neurological impulse alone? He did not know. Even if he were to sort through his video memories and count them up one by one, he still didn't think he would have the right answer. But after today's mission, human faces would always look different to him. They would remind him of what it felt like to suffer, and to be relieved of suffering.
Amit Kalantri|In the matter of spirit follow the Gods, in the matter of work follow the heroes.
Geoffrey Wood|Worst persons of the world those easily take lie wear of their child,For a sec they don't feel hesitation to put child life on risk for self.So how you can call them Human if even they Don't love their own child
Laurell K. Hamilton, Blood Noir|Isabelle!" he called again. "Let down your raven hair!'"Oh my God," Clary muttered. "There was something in that blood Raphael gave you, wasn't there? I'm going to kill him.
Mackenzie Herbert, Chasing Trains|Being in love changes a person…a modest touch changes one’s mind, a lone thought one’s reasoning, but a kiss my friend, well that changes one’s existences.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|When your thought is right, your imaginations will be colourful; you will then dream and not have nightmares!
João Cabral de Melo Neto|Instead of the final judgement, what worries me is the final dream.
Rodney Dangerfield|What a kid I got, I told him about the birds and the bees and he told me about the butcher and my wife.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Count your summers, not your winters.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|I’m in love with you, and I know that love is just a shout into the void, and that oblivion is inevitable, and that we’re all doomed and that there will come a day when all our labor has been returned to dust, and I know the sun will swallow the only earth we’ll ever have, and I am in love with you.
Annie Johnson Flint|Deep the waves may be and cold, But Jehovah is our refuge, And His promise is our hold; For the Lord Himself hath said it, He, the faithful God and true: "When thou comest to the waters Thou shalt not go down, BUT THROUGH." Seas of sorrow, seas of trial, Bitterest anguish, fiercest pain, Rolling surges of temptation Sweeping over heart and brain They shall never overflow us For we know His word is true; All His waves and all His billows He will lead us safely through. Threatening breakers of destruction, Doubt's insidious undertow, Shall not sink us, shall not drag us Out to ocean depths of woe; For His promise shall sustain us, Praise the Lord, whose Word is true! We shall not go down, or under, For He saith, "Thou passest THROUGH
Sengcan, Hsin Hsin Ming|When mind exists undisturbed in the Way, nothing in the world can offend, and when a thing can no longer offend it ceases to exist in the old way. When no discriminating thoughts arise, the old mind ceases to exist.
Nikki Rowe|Spiritual dating is your ticket to a happy, fulfilling love life.
Lailah Gifty Akita|What we think, we act.
Carroll Bryant, Last Flight Out|You know," Kavita begins, "I think I can pick out my own furniture. I am an artist after all. I do have some taste.""No you don't." Nick plainly states. "No man has taste. Besides, I didn't pick it out, she did. Wives are good for things like that.
Maureen Corrigan, Leave Me Alone, I'm Reading: Finding and Losing Myself in Books|I don't care much whether I ever get to know anything - but I want to work out something in figures - something that hasn't got to do with human beings. I don't want people particularly. In some ways, Henry, I'm a humbug - I mean, I'm not what you all take me for. I'm not domestic, or very practical or sensible, really.And if I could calculate things, and use a telescope, and have to work out figures, and know to a fraction where I was wrong, I should be perfectly happy, and I believe I should give William all he wants.
Jim Butcher, Changes|I'm not a Wiccan. I'm not big on churches of any kind, despite the fact that I've spoken, face-to-face, with an archangel of the Almighty.But there were some things I believed in. Some things I had faith in. And faith isn't about perfect attendance to services, or how much money you put on the little plate. It isn't about going skyclad to the Holy Rites, or meditating each day upon the divine.Faith is about what you do. It's about aspiring to be better and nobler and kinder than you are. It's about making sacrifices for the good of others--even when there's not going to be anyone telling you what a hero you are.Faith is a power of its own, and one even more elusive and difficult to define than magic.
Oksana Rus|My everlasting Summer fills heart with laughter like a blooming flower... Her diverse sounds is nature's symphony, sprinkle delight, with comfort of ocean breeze which needs no attest.. The unique every moment of soul's revival and its sun to shine...
Michael Richard Stosic, Thirty-Nine Days|My spiritual journey really started when I was a sophomore in High School. I came home from basketball practice one rainy evening and a friend of the family was waiting in the living room for me. He said he just wanted to talk to me for a minute or two. We went down stairs and he posed this question to me; “Michael, If you were to die tonight and to stand before God, why should He let you into heaven?
Laurel Thatcher Ulrich|An androgynous mind was not a male mind. It was a mind attuned to the full range of human experience, including the invisible lives of women.
Bruce Springsteen, Born to Run|There is no evidence of the soul except in tis sudden absence. A nothingness enters, taking the place where something was before. A night without stars falls and for a moment covers everything in the room.
William Pollard|Everything is a learning process: any time you fall over, it's just teaching you to stand up the next time.
Dean Koontz, Deeply Odd|To believe in coincidences, to believe in fate— it ties into the spiritual realm, to the idea that there is something universal out there, something looking out for you, watching over you, guiding you.
Jellis Vaes|In Nature, the purpose of life is to achieve a goal. In human terms, it is called happiness.
Avery Flynn, Brazen|I promise it'll only hurt half as much as I wish it would." The words came out as smooth and sweet as if she'd just told him that mint chocolate chip was the best flavor ice cream ever.
W. C. Fields|"Mommy  we're not going to be poor again  are we?" "Not as long as you have that rare blood type."
Ryan Holiday, Trust Me, I'm Lying: Confessions of a Media Manipulator|Today's media zoom their cameras in on and dedicate endless column inches to wars, disasters, famines, scandals, tragedies, and every form of evil. Things beautiful, wholesome and good, however, are less photogenic, so the works of God and His servants are rarely noticed.
Marilyn Monroe|If you can make a woman laugh, you can make her do anything.
Felix O. Hartmann, Dark Age|Sometimes we hold the world in our hands, but in our greed for more let it fall, losing everything that we once had.
Timur Vermes, Er ist wieder da|It was a country life, a precious existence.
Pico Iyer|I'm really not the party type. I more like to have friends over at the house and chill. I've never been the super party type. But for the 18th birthday, you got to party. And then 21 is going to be even bigger.
Tatsuhiko Takimoto, Welcome to the N.H.K.|Being alone is best. I mean, it's true, isn't it? In the end you'll be absolutely alone; therefore, being alone is natural. If you accept that, nothing bad can happen. That's why I shut myself away in my six-mat one-room apartment.
Milan Kundera, The Joke|It is easy, when you are young, to believe that what you desire is no less than what you deserve, to assume that if you want something badly enough, it is your God-given right to have it.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|Any thought which brings with it fear, worry, anxiety etc. should be immediately banished from the mind by replacing such thoughts with self-assuring, positive and energizing thoughts. This is called 'Quantum Mind' and it can work miracles in your life.
Florence Welch|If I can inspire people by showing that following a dream by working hard and being determined is possible, it's amazing.
Edgar Allan Poe|From childhood's hour I have not been. As others were, I have not seen. As others saw, I could not awaken. My heart to joy at the same tone. And all I loved, I loved alone.
Azim Premji|Mindsets, skills and leadership, experience and access, and critical consciousness - we need all four of these things for our students to be the leaders, people and citizens we want them to be.
Osho|The moment you become miserly you are closed to the basic phenomenon of life: expansion, sharing. The moment you start clinging to things, you have missed the target--you have missed. Because things are not the target, you, your innermost being, is the target--not a beautiful house, but a beautiful you; not much money, but a rich you; not many things, but an open being, available to millions of things.
Jean Webster, Daddy-Long-Legs|... in spite of being happier than I ever dreamed I could be, I'm also soberer. The fear that something may happen to you rests like a shadow on my heart. Always before I could be frivolous and carefree and unconcerned, because I had nothing precious to lose. But now -- I shall have a Great Big Worry all the rest of my life. Whenever you are away from me I shall be thinking of all the automobiles that can run over you, or the signboards that can fall on your head or the dreadful, squirmy germs that you may be swallowing.
Mohsin Hamid|I feel like a lot of the female relationships I see on TV or in movies are in some way free of the kind of jealousy and anxiety and posturing that has been such a huge part of my female friendships, which I hope lessens a little bit with age.
Israelmore Ayivor|And a young prince must be prudent like that,giving freely while his father livesso that afterwards, in age when fighting startssteadfast companions will stand by himand hold the line.
C.J. Mahaney, Living the Cross Centered Life: Keeping the Gospel the Main Thing|The personal desolation Christ is experiencing on the cross is what you and I should be experiencing--but instead, Jesus is bearing it, and bearing it all alone.Why alone?He's alone so that we might never be alone.
Michelle Hodkin, The Evolution of Mara Dyer|They lie, you know. It's not easier to ask for forgiveness. Not even a little.
Simon Higgins|Every day we all make little MISTAKES in life, but that doesn't mean we have to pay for them for the rest of our lives.Sometimes GOOD people make BAD choices, but that doesn't mean we are BAD people...It just means we are HUMAN!
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|Think of the principle as that precise moment you recall everything that makes you love that person: the number of times your partner makes you smile, comforts and supports you. During those times dig deep and shift your focus from whatever bad is happening today, at this minute, and appreciate every other day, hour and second that person spends being “the one.
Richelle E. Goodrich|A guilty conscience pushed me to try harder—which I did for what seemed like a tremendous amount of wasted time, staring bug-eyed at uncooperative pencils. What was missing? The answer seemed obvious—intense emotional incentive. But at the moment I didn’t feel desperate or angry or afraid. Just severely bored out of my mind and guilt-ridden for feeling so mind-numbingly b
Kitty Jose|Nurture the inside burn, for that is the key to your bliss,Bestow ecstasy to the neighbouring, get drunk in your freedom.Waltz away to life’s symphony, Breathe Free.
C.K. Walker, The Afterlife Experiment|When I awoke I was laying on the floor in a darkened room. The rope, like the very core of myself, had turned from snow white to a hot, unfamiliar red.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Without a clear vision, you can be drifted to any shore.
Tasos Livaditis|You leave behind your fine poems.You leave behind your beautiful flowers. And the earth that was only leant to you. You ascend into the Light, O Quechomitl, you leave behind the flowers and the singing and the earth. Safe journey, O friend.
Carole Cummings|Malick to Jacin: "There is no trade anymore, you're not nothing, you didn't kill Caidi, you're going to be the most beautiful-dangerous Incendiary the gods have ever seen, and I fucking love you. Deal with it.
Ja Rule|I met Bill Clinton; he's a very nice guy. Yeah, Bill Clinton's cool.
Rick Riordan, The Sea of Monsters|Yeah, well,” Nico said, “not giving people a second thought…that can be dangerous.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Call it Irony or destiny of life, but the fact is I failed to make a living from what 'I loved doing the most' nor did I justify for what I was paid for!
Megan Fox|Few women, I fear, have had such reason as I have to think the long sad years of youth were worth living for the sake of middle age.
Anthony T. Hincks|When people wind you up, just remind them what happens to a piece of elastic.
Edward Fahey, Entertaining Naked People|Broken hearts show us we’ve grown out of one stage, by ripping us wide open for the next.We’re forced to choose what we do with all that pain: turn it against ourselves, aim it at someone else, or tap all that power and reach higher.
Bryan Stevenson, Just Mercy: A Story of Justice and Redemption|Unfortunately, mental health is so misunderstood that some people think you have to be crazy to need to speak to a therapist.
Euripides, Medea|Aleksar Greene was a boy I used to play with, he was my imaginary friend.
Demosthenes|My father described this tall lady who stands in the middle of the New York harbor, holding high a torch to welcome people seeking freedom in America. I instantly fell in love.
Sandra Lee|If I'm going to eat fast food, I'm going to McDonald's. I don't need to pretend.
Stephen R. Lawhead, Hood|It may be possible for each to think too much of his own potential glory hereafter; it is hardly possible for him to think too often or too deeply about that of his neighbor. The load, or weight, or burden of my neighbor's glory should be laid daily on my back, a load so heavy that only humility can carry it, and the backs of the proud will be broken. ... "It is in light of these overwhelming possibilities, it is with the awe and the circumspection proper to them, that we should conduct all our dealings with one another, all friendships, all loves, all play, all politics. There are no ordinary people. You have never talked to a mere mortal. Nations, cultures, arts, civilizations -- these are mortal, and their life is to ours as the life of a gnat. But it is immortals whom we joke with, work with, marry, snub and exploit. ... Next to the Blessed Sacrament itself, your neighbor is the holiest object presented to your senses.
Ben Kingsley|One is still what one is going to cease to be and already what one is going to become. One lives one's death, one dies one's life.
Suze Orman|You must recognize, embrace, and be honest about what is real for you today and allow that understanding to inform the choices you make. Only then will you be able to build the future of your dreams.
Alia Bhatt|I followed the same diet for 20 years, eliminating starches, living on salads, lean meat, and small portions.
Alex Turner|There's a hysterical, tired sense of humor that comes after working 14 hours a day, six days a week. I like those things because they take the pressure off the constant stress.
Tituss Burgess|To discuss a Martin Amis book, you must first discuss the orchestrated release of a Martin Amis book. In London, which rightly prides itself on the vibrancy of its literary cottage industry, Amis is the Steve Jobs of book promoters, and his product rollouts are as carefully managed as anything Apple dreams up.
Milton Friedman, Free to Choose: A Personal Statement|The ICC [Interstate Commerce Commission] illustrates what might be called the natural history of government intervention. A real or fancied evil leads to demands to do something about it. A political coalition forms consisting of sincere, high-minded reformers and equally sincere interested parties. The incompatible objectives of the members of the coalition (e.g., low prices to consumers and high prices to producers) are glossed over by fine rhetoric about “the public interest,” “fair competition,” and the like. The coalition succeeds in getting Congress (or a state legislature) to pass a law. The preamble to the law pays lip service to the rhetoric and the body of the law grants power to government officials to “do something.” The high-minded reformers experience a glow of triumph and turn their attention to new causes. The interested parties go to work to make sure that the power is used for their benefit. They generally succeed. Success breeds its problems, which are met by broadening the scope of intervention. Bureaucracy takes its toll so that even the initial special interests no longer benefit. In the end the effects are precisely the opposite of the objectives of the reformers and generally do not even achieve the objectives of the special interests. Yet the activity is so firmly established and so many vested interests are connected with it that repeal of the initial legislation is nearly inconceivable. Instead, new government legislation is called for to cope with the problems produced by the earlier legislation and a new cycle begins.
Miss Read, Village Diary|How lucky country children are in these natural delights that lie ready to their hand! Every season and every plant offers changing joys. As they meander along the lane that leads to our school all kinds of natural toys present themselves for their diversion. The seedpods of stitchwort hang ready for delightful popping between thumb and finger, and later the bladder campion offers a larger, if less crisp, globe to burst. In the autumn, acorns, beechnuts, and conkers bedizen their path, with all their manifold possibilities of fun. In the summer, there is an assortment of honeys to be sucked from bindweed flowers, held fragile and fragrant to hungry lips, and the tiny funnels of honeysuckle and clover blossoms to taste.
Luuvie Ajayi|Uncoincidentally, Instagram was also the first social-media platform to which the only sane reaction was hate.
|If you don't choose your daily words wisely, negative words wouldn't hesitate to choose a painful future for you.
Ava|keep following your heart.it won't always be easy, but it'll be the most important thing you'll do.
John Graves|-not only did he deplore the waste of words, he detested the moral lassitude with which they were wasted. To him, in whose throat the bone of displacement was forever stuck, it was wrong to talk about nothing when there was a perpetual shortage of words for all the horrible things that happened in the world. It was better to be silent than to say what didn't matter.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|One must try to make one's life as pleasant as possible. I'm alive and it's not my fault, which means I must somehow go on living the best I can, without bothering anybody, until I die.''But what makes you live? With such thoughts, you'll sit without moving, without undertaking anything...''Life won't leave one alone as it is.
Joe R. Lansdale|Sir Mark Turner," he said. "I speak with the tongues of a thousand angels. Butterflies follow me wherever I go. Birds sing when I take a breath.
Molly Harper, Nice Girls Don’t Sign a Lease Without a Wedding Ring|Not one word about proposals, no matter how much she pushes,” I told my friends. “No matter what she says or how loud she cries, don’t try to throw that up as a distraction.”Gabriel’s lips twitched. “I don’t think it’s going to be that bad. It’s one woman against five supernatural creatures... And Zeb.”“You laugh because you haven’t heard my mother’s thirty-minute verbal dissertation on appropriate seasonal flower choices. We’re better off letting her yell at us for being dirty, premarital fornicators.
Orhan Pamuk|There's the argument that you can relate to someone who's completely unrelatable. In the way that a director shows you his imagination on a film, then I get to show you my imagination in a big dumb character.
Neil Cross|The Booker thing was a catalyst for me in a bizarre way. It’s perceived as an accolade to be published as a ‘literary’ writer, but, actually, it’s pompous and it’s fake. Literary fiction is often nothing more than a genre in itself. I’d always read omnivorously and often thought much literary fiction is read by young men and women in their 20s, as substitutes for experience.
AKA|Maybe it was clear that he cared about me, that he couldn't handle another risk, but in that moment the only thing that made sense was my anger. I might have even hated him for what he said about Grace, because hating him was so much easier than understanding him. He obviously felt the same way.
Anthony Liccione|A smile will go the mile, while a frown will take you down.
Lisa St. Aubin de Terán, The Palace the Palace|Like poetry, in times of intense emotion the image returns to me. Like poetry, it stroked my soul and, by turns, lulled and stoked my senses.
Barbara Kingsolver, Prodigal Summer|I hate all electronic toys: cell phones, e-mail, PalmPilots, handheld Global Positioning System equipment, and the whole raft of gadgets that intrude on solitude.When I was a kid I used to disappear into the woods all day. Now I can walk in the wilderness without wasting my valuable time. As I hike along I can call anyone in the world, schedule an appointment, take a picture of me standing next to a tree and then send the person a map so he or she can join me there. Solitude has been snuffed out.
John Burnside, A Lie About My Father: A Memoir|There are days when that dark face is something I can think of as a friend – a primal energy that carries me forward when nothing else will – but more often than not I am face-to-face with a stranger, a companion to something I recognise as myself, sure enough, but one who knows more than I do, thinks less of danger and propriety than I ever have or will, feels a cool and amused contempt for the rules and rituals by which I live, the duties I too readily accept, the compromises I too willingly allow (p. 262)
Poppet, Ryan|Now more than ever I wish I had a cup of oblivion. But there is no mercy for the people who have left the darkness for the light. The darkness lingers until you stand naked in the light and let it fill you up, in every corner of your soul.
Holly Hood|He pulled the gun from his waist, running it along my cheek and back down to my lips. I blinked back the tears at sick game. He finally stopped the gun at my temple, my pulse fighting against the pressure of the cold metal of the gun.“Do you think you are a good person, Kendall?”“No, not at all,” I said, swallowing down the misery of my honest answer.“Really?” he asked, one eyebrow lifting in confusion. “Are you afraid to die?”I wished I could spit in his face for making everything so hard. I wished he would just pull the trigger and end it already. But a small part of me was begging and pleading internally that he wouldn’t shoot me.“No, I’m not afraid to die,” I admitted, I closed my eyes and the tears fell quickly. “I’m not afraid of much in life. I’ve seen too much to be scared.”He let out a sigh. I opened my eyes. He pulled the gun away from me.“Well, damn. How the hell am I supposed to kill someone so miserable?”I looked away. Even in death I was pitiful.
Philippe Grimbert, Memory|...stories break silence and nourish those who work, feel, and dream.From Costa Rica: A Traveler's Literary Companion
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|He was pleased with everything that he did and learned and the days and months passed quickly. But he learned more from the river than Vasudeva could teach him. He learned from it continually. Above all, he learned from it how to listen, to listen with a still heart, with a waiting, open soul, without passion, without desire, without judgment, without opinions.
George R.R. Martin, A Dance with Dragons|The moon knows,” is what he says, breath colored in liquor and a smile.Louis stares at him.“What are you talking about?”Another manic grin from Harry, and then he pulls him in again, his hand travelling to the side of Louis’ face, cradling his cheek.“The moon knows that we’re in love.
Auberon Herbert|To eliminate statism is not to physically subdue the rulers, but to mentally liberate the ruled.
Hillary Rodham Clinton|In the bible it says you have to forgive seventy times seven. I want you all to know, I'm keeping a chart.
Tracy Brogan, Love Me Sweet|All he wanted was a long, hot shower and a long, deep sleep.	Meaning that whoever this pissed-off brunette was, whatever deal she'd arranged with his flaky mother, they could talk about it after he'd scrubbed the jungle from his skin and rinsed the shampoo from his hair.	"What do you mean it belongs to you? It can't belong to you. I just rented it," said the girl aiming that pink blow-dryer right at his heart.	If he wasn't so damn exhausted, he might find that funny. She was holding the thing as if it would protect her. It was a blow-dryer! He nodded at it. "What do you plan to do with that thing, honey? Style me to death?
Tom Giaquinto|If you wait for the perfect moment when all is safe and assured, it may never arrive. Mountains will not be climbed, races won, or lasting happiness achieved.
Tim Tebow, Through My Eyes|If I didn't work as hard as I could, then I think it would be a bit like saying, 'God, thanks for giving me this ability, but I don't really care about it. I'm going to do something else, and I'm not going to work quite as hard.
|Celebrate every new day you are alive to witness, because being among the living is a blessing that often disappoints some of the people who deserve it the most.
Charlotte Perkins Gilman, Herland|Woman" in the abstract is young, and, we assume, charming. As they get older they pass off the stage, somehow, into private ownership mostly, or out of it altogether.
Glenn Danzig|When I realized that my big dream was going to come true - 'Night Shift' was a success, 'Splash' was a success, I got the job to do 'Cocoon' - suddenly, I was underway. And I knew my name was rising up the lists. I was going to have a career. I was going to be able to direct movies until I screwed it up.
Lorna Jane Cook, Outside Wonderland|It was early in my career, and I had been seeing Mary, a shy, lonely, and physically collapsed young woman, for about three months in weekly psychotherapy, dealing with the ravages of her terrible history of early abuse. One day I opened the door to my waiting room and saw her standing there provocatively, dressed in a miniskirt, her hair dyed flaming red, with a cup of coffee in one hand and a snarl on her face. “You must be Dr. van der Kolk,” she said. “My name is Jane, and I came to warn you not to believe any the lies that Mary has been telling you. Can I come in and tell you about her?” I was stunned but fortunately kept myself from confronting “Jane” and instead heard her out. Over the course of our session I met not only Jane but also a hurt little girl and an angry male adolescent. That was the beginning of a long and productive treatment.
Mitch Kynock|We look wishfully to emergencies, to eventful, revolutionary times...and think how easy to have taken our part when the drum was rolling and the house was burning over our heads. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Leonard Susskind, The Black Hole War: My Battle with Stephen Hawking to Make the World Safe for Quantum Mechanics|There is a philosophy that says that if something is unobservable -- unobservable in principle -- it is not part of science. If there is no way to falsify or confirm a hypothesis, it belongs to the realm of metaphysical speculation, together with astrology and spiritualism. By that standard, most of the universe has no scientific reality -- it's just a figment of our imaginations.
Frances Mayes, Under Magnolia: A Southern Memoir|Memory is capricious. I can look back and see decadence, old bigots, the constant racial slurs, the bores, the wild cards, the bighearted, the family album of alcoholics, the saints, the old aunt propped in a chair saying only "da-da," the slow-motion suicides, but at four, six, ten, they loomed, powerful, not as types but as themselves. Among them, logic takes wing." (pg. 31)
Isabel Allende, Portrait in Sepia|write with honesty and don't worry about the feelings of others, because no matter what you say, they'll hate you anyway.
Sherman Alexie, The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian|There are all kinds of addicts, I guess. We all have pain. And we all look for ways to make the pain go away. (107)
Brian Staveley, The Last Mortal Bond|Her anger, so useful just moments before, was getting the better of her now. She could hear it; she was too loud. Nira had counseled her again and again on the importance of holding her tongue and her peace. Ironic, given the source, but good advice all the same.
Isaac Bashevis Singer, The Collected Stories of Isaac Bashevis Singer|If one knew the truth how could there be freedom? If hell and paradise were in the middle of the marketplace, everyone would be a saint.
Nick Hornby, The Polysyllabic Spree|Clockers" asks--almost in passing, and there's a lot more to it than this--a pretty interesting question: if you choose to work for the minimum wage when everyone around you is pocketing thousands from drug deals, then what does that do to you, to your head and to your heart? (Hornby's thoughts after reading "Clockers" by Richard Price)
Alice Jamieson, Today I'm Alice: Nine Personalities, One Tortured Mind|We have a mental health system that is dominated by political and hidden forces that keep us stagnated and unable to see real, lasting change.
George Bernard Shaw|Patriotism is, fundamentally, a conviction that a particular country is the best in the world because you were born in it....
Doug Ducey|When the players go home, I can't tell them what to do, so you need to create an atmosphere of trust. I don't want to think, 'What are they doing now? Do I need to call them?'
John Glenn|The first time I saw nitroglycerine was in the beginning of the Crimean War. Professor Zinin in St. Petersburg exhibited some to my father and me, and struck some on an anvil to show that only the part touched by the hammer exploded without spreading.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|There's only one thing you can do: Toss your pebble in the river, watch it ripple, and know you have moved the ocean.
Eric Bana|It took me six months to redeem myself at least to have another chance to at least have her get to know me and let her know I was at least a decent guy and to give me a shot. And here we are, we've been married seven years.
Clint Eastwood|Harmony, liberal intercourse with all nations, are recommended by policy, humanity, and interest.
Lisa Kessler, Ice Moon|Once we were on the road, I glanced at my passenger. “If you’ve got any ideas about how I can get this shit storm cleared up, I’m all ears.”Tank snorted, sneezed, and lay down on the bench seat, plopping his head on my leg. I rested my hand on his back, eyes glued to the winding two-lane highway. “Yeah, I don’t have a goddamn clue either.
Mark Sanborn, Fred 2.0: New Ideas on How to Keep Delivering Extraordinary Results|Better is the most important step to becoming your best. If you want to be your best, you need to start by getting better. Start doing better. Good, better, best. That's how it works.
Robert Ferrigno, Sins of the Assassin|It is very annoying, when people notice your weak moments but never see your strong ones.
Lauren Lola, An Absolute Mind|Lay out your options, dismiss the ones that are of zero appeal, and focus on those that not only excite you, but make sense to you.
Usher|All cities do face similar, significant trends in the future... most importantly global warming and climate change.
Joshilyn Jackson, The Opposite of Everyone|I could feel the ghosts of all the girls I'd been behind me in the alleyway, creeping in my wake. I could almost hear my own footsteps as an echo. For a moment it was so real that I spooked myself. I stopped and turned to look. There was only silence and darkness. I walked on.
Taylor Rhodes, Sixteenth Notes: The Breaking of the Rose-Colored Glasses|It wasn't love, not quite, but it was almost there and it was desperate and I didn't know how to put it into words. It was the back and forth of him, the hot and cold, it made me crazy, made me feel crazy, and sanity never felt more pointless than when I was with him.
Steve Jobs|Whether religion is man-made is a question for philosophers or theologians. But the forms are man-made. They are a human response to something. As a historian of religions, I am interested in those expressions.
Charles G. Finney, The Circus of Dr. Lao|Whatsa mattah allee time talkee talk bear business? Me no savvee bear business. You no like this Gloddam show, you go somewhere else.
Stanley Elkin|Poverty, hatred, war, police-criminals, bureaucracy, insanity, all symptoms of The Human Virus.
Diane Duane, My Enemy, My Ally|Nobody played poker with Mike Walsh--at least, not twice--but people fought to get aboard Constellation. Her command record since Mike took her was almost the equal of Enterprise's for danger, daring, and success not only snatched from the jaws of failure, but afterward used to beat failure over the head.
Russell M. Nelson|It's a mystery. That's the first thing that interests me about the idea of God. If there is one, it's mysterious and powerful and awesome to even consider the concept, and you have to take it seriously.
Lora Leigh, Maverick|She couldn't turn away from the eyes that held her. Eyes as deep, as Dark as the night, yet there was something that sparked with warmth, that kept those eyes from being cold.
Galileo Galilei|Our body is a machine for living. It is organized for that, it is its nature. Let life go on in it unhindered and let it defend itself.
Melanie Jackson, Impression of Bones|(A middle-class child's) parents didn't just give him money. They passed down habits, knowledge, and cognitive traits.
Erica Alex|WOw, wow... so we are the same!?...Let's stop here as moment taken from your goldy life.
Peter David, Sir Apropos of Nothing|There are some for whom the good of mankind is their primary concern, and others who basically put their own considerations before everyone else. I was among the latter.
Lisa Brown Roberts, How (Not) to Fall in Love|Somewhere between right and wrong lies a garden surrounded by thorns, and I have met you there.
Rebecca McNutt, Mandy and Alecto: The Collected Smog City Book Series|Well, you’re not exactly social, are you, Mandy Valems?”“Oh yeah, sure, because I’m just surrounded by genius to be social with in this day and age,” Mandy replied with razor-sharp sarcasm. “Hey, I don’t need anyone else! I’ve got you, you’re my friend, and you’ll be with me forever!”“…You won’t be with me forever, though…” said Alecto cynically. “I’m like a spider’s web; anyone who is friends with me gets dragged into my troubles and eventually dies.”“…Poetic, dear friend,” Mandy sighed, shaking her head. “Morbid, but poetic.
Gabriel García Márquez, El coronel no tiene quien le escriba|You can't eat hope,' the woman said.You can't eat it, but it sustains you,' the colonel replied.
Akiroq Brost|A situation only has the power over us that we give it. We own the power over ourselves! We own that! No one else! When we realize that: we now have a CHOICE we can make, we can STOP giving that power away! Own yourself. Own YOUR power!
Justin Halpern, I Suck at Girls|Accepting trial and error means accepting error. It means taking problems in our stride when a decision doesn't work out, whether through luck or misjudgment. And that is not something human brains seem to be able to do without a struggle.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|Developing your eloquence and enunciation will reduce the likelihood of misinterpretation and misunderstanding, making your delivery more powerful.
Forrest  Carr, A Journal of the Crazy Year|Space is infinite. To the mind that means freedom, liberation.' So wrote Arisko, our greatest turkle philosopher, in his most famous work, 'Thoughts In A Bathtub'," said Dottia, dreamily, in an inspired state.
Akhenaton|Dinner was made for eating, not for talking.
Abhijit Naskar|When you are wise, peace shall follow.
Brian Greene|'The Simpsons' was about children and married parents; 'Futurama' is about people in between; they're growing up and haven't settled down. Every other cartoon show seemed to be, you know, dumb dad, bratty kids.
Michael Douglas|I spent ninety percent of my money on wine, women and song and just wasted the other ten percent.
Bruce Barton|I shall always be consistent and never change my ways so long as I am in my senses; but for the sake of precedent the Senate should beware of binding itself to support the acts of any man, since he might through some mischance suffer a change.
Emily Dickinson, The Complete Poems of Emily Dickinson|I felt a Cleaving in my Mind—As if my Brain had split—I tried to match it—Seam by Seam—But could not make it fit.The thought behind, I strove to joinUnto the thought before—But Sequence ravelled out of SoundLike Balls—upon a Floor.
Jagdish Joghee, In Love and Free: The tale of a woman caught between two men...|Our eyes met and a never-before feeling entered our hearts. We gazed at each other longingly. We were indeed smitten by each other. Even before we realised, our lips locked. Ah, my first kiss. I had heard stories of how the first kiss is etched in one’s memory forever. This was absolute bliss. I felt a sense of belonging, a sense of togetherness. He took me by surprise with his proposal of love for me. Those magical words still linger in my heart. My dream of finding the right man had become a reality.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Ecce Homo|And how does one basically recognize good development? In that a well-developed man does our senses good: that he is carved from wood which is hard, delicate, and sweet-smelling, all at the same time.
Karen Sullivan, The Complete Family Guide to Natural Home Remedies: Safe and Effective Treatments for Common Ailments|Health is more than the absence of disease. Health is about jobs and employment, education, the environment, and all of those things that go into making us healthy.
Carmen Electra|Novels set in distant places give us expectations not unlike those we have of travel writing, and often the distinctions are blurred, as in, say, the way the low life of Tokyo's Shinjuku Ward is depicted in John David Morley's recent 'Pictures from the Water Trade.'
Stephen Graham Jones|Don't wish me happiness - I don't expect to be happy it's gotten beyond that, somehow. Wish me courage and strength and a sense of humor - I will need them all.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|If you have built castles in the air, your work need not be lost; that is where they should be. Now put the foundations under them.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, An Intimate Collision: Encounters with Life and Jesus|I want to swim in both directions at once. Desire success, court failure.
Marcha A. Fox, A Dark of Endless Days|Regrets are particularly poignant for the old, those of us who have used up most of the chances we'll ever get and are left to make peace with our failed choices. Most things distance themselves with space and time to eventually slide off the edge of our consciousness, but not regrets. You can shove them aside, disavow them for a lifetime, but they always return. And the longer you deny them, the more they punish you when they can no longer be held at bay.
Harvey Mackay|I grew up with just my mom. She and I were like best friends. She's a very independent woman and I admire that about her. In my life, I've tried to be like that. To be okay with being on my own and being independent.
Oliver Omanson, Prisoner of War Number 21860: The World War II Memoirs of Oliver Omanson|For months beforehand, I fielded calls from British media. A couple of the reporters asked me to name some British chefs who had inspired me. I mentioned the Roux brothers, Albert and Michel, and I named Marco Pierre White, not as much for his food as for how—by virtue of becoming an apron-wearing rock-star bad boy—he had broken the mold of whom a chef could be, which was something I could relate to. I got to London to find the Lanesborough dining room packed each night, a general excitement shared by everyone involved, and incredibly posh digs from which I could step out each morning into Hyde Park and take a good long run around Buckingham Palace. On my second day, I was cooking when a phone call came into the kitchen. The executive chef answered and, with a puzzled look, handed me the receiver. Trouble at Aquavit, I figured.I put the phone up to my ear, expecting to hear Håkan’s familiar “Hej, Marcus.” Instead, there was screaming. “How the fuck can you come to my fucking city and think you are going to be able to cook without even fucking referring to me?” This went on for what seemed like five minutes; I was too stunned to hang up. “I’m going to make sure you have a fucking miserable time here. This is my city, you hear? Good luck, you fucking black bastard.” And then he hung up.I had cooked with Gordon Ramsay once, a couple of years earlier, when we did a promotion with Charlie Trotter in Chicago. There were a handful of chefs there, including Daniel Boulud and Ferran Adrià, and Gordon was rude and obnoxious to all of them. As a group we were interviewed by the Chicago newspaper; Gordon interrupted everyone who tried to answer a question, craving the limelight. I was almost embarrassed for him. So when I was giving interviews in the lead-up to the Lanesborough event, and was asked who inspired me, I thought the best way to handle it was to say nothing about him at all. Nothing good, nothing bad. I guess he was offended at being left out. To be honest, though, only one phrase in his juvenile tirade unsettled me: when he called me a black bastard. Actually, I didn’t give a fuck about the bastard part. But the black part pissed me off.
Delta Burke|There is so much that is positive, wonderful even, about state schools. At a state school your kids will learn to live alongside and appreciate other kids from many diverse and different cultures.
Fernando Pessoa|I can breathe easier now that the appointments are behind me.I missed them all, through deliberate negligence,Having waited for the urge to go, which I knew wouldn’t come.I’m free, and against organized, clothed society.I’m naked and plunge into the water of my imagination.
Robert Jarvik|The government can still conduct clandestine searches of innocent people's private information such as library, medical, and financial records. This is wrong and should have been addressed in a true compromise.
Terry Pratchett, Night Watch|In the words of the philosopher Sceptum, the founder of my profession: am I going to get paid for this?
Brandon Sanderson, Words of Radiance|Angelo was a grown man, and here was one thing he was quite free to decide for himself, and yet he was ready to let others make up his mind for him...that could only be stupidity.
Darryl Pinckney|Such is my experience - not that I ever mourned the loss of a child, but that I consider myself as lost!
Adrienne Rich, The Fact of a Doorframe: Poems Selected and New, 1950-1984|We lie under the sheetafter making love, speakingof lonelinessrelieved in a bookrelived in a bookso on that pagethe clot and fissureof it appearswords of a manin paina naked wordentering the clota hand graspingthrough bars:deliveranceWhat happens between ushas happened for centurieswe know it from literaturestill it happenssexual jealousyoutflung handbeating beddryness of mouth after pantingthere are books that describe all thisand they are useless
Dermot Davis, Brain: The Man Who Wrote the Book That Changed the World|It is, of course, not only impossible for readers to know the intention of most, if not all, writers, but an author himself may think he is writing one thing while he is in fact writing something quite different.
Debi Mazar|I've always believed that as actors, one of the biggest advantages of being in the film business - not just of being actors, but being in this industry - is the fact that you get to travel so much, and you get to see places that you probably would not if you went just as a tourist.
Kristen Ashley, Knight|You're not just doing that to impress her, are you?""Everything I do is to impress her. It's my mission in life," he said with a completely serious face, while he squeezed my knee under the table. Mom burst out laughing. "I like him," she said."Me too. I think I'll keep him," I said, taking his hand and twisting my fingers with his. "Good," he said, giving my hand a squeeze.
Anthony Robbins|The path to success is to take massive, determined action.
Margaret Atwood, Morning in the Burned House|Martha," she said. "Just let it go." "I'm trying," I said. I want to explain to her that this was like telling someone who has been mauled to death by a bear to let the animal go while it was still worrying what was left of her leg. I didn't have my situation; it had me. There was nothing I wanted more than to let go of it, but I didn't know how. I eventually figured it out, but the method that works for me proved to be exactly the opposite of what Debra intended. She meant that I should never tell the story, but telling the story is the only way to let go of trauma. Letting it go is precisely what I am doing now, in the hopes that it will help others in similar situations find the courage to tell their stories, but I sincerely doubt that Debra will approve.
Diora Baird|It's pretty cool that artists like Flo Rida and Bingo Players can be inspired to interpret a song like 'Piano in the Dark' in completely new genres. As an artist and writer, it's the highest compliment we can be paid.
Peter Mullan|It brings a smile to my face every time I look in the record book and see my name with the likes of Hutson and Lance Alworth and Raymond Berry, some of the fabled receivers of the NFL. It's all like a dream to me. I can't believe it's true.
Lisa Kleypas, Love in the Afternoon|Beatrix, do you know what happens to girls who ask such naughty questions?”“They’re ravished in haylofts?” she inquired hopefully.
Rollo May, Existence|I wonder if being sane means disregarding the chaos that is life, pretending only an infinitesimal segment of it is reality.
Stephen Richards|Your mind can grasp intellectual ideas, but it is in the FEELING where the transformation takes place.
Amanda Tero, Befriending the Beast|Don't retire, rewire and refire
Shannon L. Alder|As she stared at the restless pixels on the screen, her impatience grew. This agitation was familiar, a paradoxical feeling that built up inside her when she was spending too much time online, as though some force was at once goading her and holding her back. How to describe it? A temporal stuttering, an urgent lassitude, a feeling of simultaneous rushing and lagging behind. It was a horrible, stilted, panicky sensation, hard to put into words.
Terry Pratchett, Witches Abroad|I heard this story once," she said, "where this bloke got locked up for years and years and he learned amazin' stuff about the universe and everythin' from another prisoner who was incredibly clever, and then he escaped and got his revenge.""What incredibly clever stuff do you know about the universe, Gytha Ogg?" said Granny."Bugger all," said Nanny cheerfully."Then we'd better bloody well escape right now.
Terry Pratchett, Johnny and the Dead|Did I see them waving?' said Mrs Liberty'And particling, I shouldn't wonder' said the Alderman
Jacques Monod|The future of mankind is going to be decided within the next two generations, and there are two absolute requisites: We must aim at a stable-state society [with limited population growth] and the destruction of nuclear stockpiles. … Otherwise I don't see how we can survive much later than 2050.
Louis MacNeice|The poet is a specialist in something which everyone practises. Herein, poetry differs from the other arts. Everyone does not practise music or painting or even dancing, but everyone without exception puts together words poetically every day of his life.
Angie karan|That's what it's all about. We are here to walk each other home. Home to our true self ~ which is love. How we treat our self and how we have the opportunity to make others feel good about them selves, to see and bring the goodness out of them is what grows us to become a more beautiful person also.﻿
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|Do you know why books such as this are so important? Because they have quality. And what does the word quality mean? To me it means texture. This book has pores. It has features. This book can go under the microscope. You’d find life under the glass, streaming past in infinite profusion. The more pores, the more truthfully recorded details of life per square inch you can get on a sheet of paper, the more ‘literary’ you are. That’s my definition anyway. Telling detail. Fresh detail. The good writers touch life often. The mediocre ones run a quick hand over her. The bad ones rape her and leave her for the flies. So now you see why books are hated and feared? They show the pores in the face of life.
Atalina Wright, Unbound|It is perhaps, its ability to penetrate the multidimensional layers of the human condition at all, that makes poetry and art so valuable in today's modern age.
George Deacon|If absolute power corrupts absolutely, where does that leave God?
Wordions|I would've had an easier time if my emotions had all pulled me in the same direction, but it wasn't so simple. I'd been blown about like a scrap of paper in the wind.
Tony Curl, Seriously Simple Stuff to Get You Unstuck|I needed to realise my role in the drama and it was only then that I could learn and be better for it, and it was only then that I could move forward. I needed to move forward and had to look at each day as a way of becoming a better me. And when I got better, the people around me reciprocated.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Indeed, there are demons that must be cast out by exposure and education, for it is the ignorant and the uninformed who fall prey to the evil trickery and abuse of those who sponsor violence, hatred and every form of extremism. At some point, man’s Maker cries out, “My people perish because of a lack of knowledge.
Roman Payne|I’d loved women who were old and who were young; those extra kilos and large rumps, and others so thin there was barely even skin to pinch, and every time I held them, I worried I would snap them in two. But for all of these: where they had merited my love was in their delicious smell. Scent is such a powerful tool of attraction, that if a woman has this tool perfectly tuned, she needs no other. I will forgive her a large nose, a cleft lip, even crossed-eyes; and I’ll bathe in the jouissance of her intoxicating odour.
Vachel Lindsay|We left you there, lonely,Beauty your power,Wisdom your watchman,To hold the clay tower.from 'The Tale of the Tiger Tree
Jenny Han, We'll Always Have Summer|But of, but what, but whether, but who, but nevertheless, but insofar, but why, but otherwise, but even if-
Catherynne M. Valente, Radiance|Trouble is, most times, when you go looking to sell your soul, nobody's buying.
Paul Lynde|What you do with it and things like that, but I basically chose this after I read it because I thought it was different and funny and unique and dark - things that I like to do.
James Fenimore Cooper, The Last of the Mohicans|Though it may feel otherwise, enjoying life is no more dangerous than apprehending it with continuous anxiety and gloom.
Albert Camus|A man's work is nothing but this slow trek to rediscover, through the detours of art, those two or three great and simple images in whose presence his heart first opened.
Alison Larkin, The English American|I, on the other hand, interrupt people because my thoughts fly out of my mouth. My handbag's full of rubbish. And I want to do something that matters with my life. Right now I'd like to write plays, sing in musicals, and/or rid the world of poverty, violence, cruelty, and right-wing conservative politics.
Charles Baudelaire, Paris Spleen|Winter then in its early and clear stages, was a purifying engine that ran unhindered over city and country, alerting the stars to sparkle violently and shower their silver light into the arms of bare upreaching trees. It was a mad and beautiful thing that scoured raw the souls of animals and man, driving them before it until they loved to run. And what it did to Northern forests can hardly be described, considering that it iced the branches of the sycamores on Chrystie Street and swept them back and forth until they rang like ranks of bells.
Betty  Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn|But she didn't want to recall things. She wanted to live things — or as a compromise, relive rather than reminisce.
Idries Shah, The Dermis Probe|I ask about the sky, but the answer is about a rope.
Shannon L. Alder|It is better to be alone then to be in a relationship, while you are trying to figure out what love means to you.
Douglas Adams|Such music", he said. "I'm not religious, but if I were I would say it was like a glimpse into the mind of God. Perhaps it was and i ought to be religious. I have to keep reminding myself that they didn't create the music, they only created the instrument which could read the score. And the score was life itself. And it's all up there".
Jo Walton, Among Others|It doesn't matter. I have books, new books, and I can bear anything as long as there are books.
Robert Farrar Capon, Parables of the Kingdom|Jesus not only revealed himself, he hid himself at the same time.
Viscount Henry St. John Bolingbroke|There is so much trouble in coming into the world, and so much more, as well as meanness, in going out of it, that 'tis hardly worth while to be here at all.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden and Other Writings|If you can't explain it to a six year old, you don't understand it yourself.
Courtney Summers, Some Girls Are|There seem to be no way he could stop anything that was happening, although it all felt wrong.
S.M. Reine, Six Moon Summer|Dying is as natural as being born, and all of us have to face it someday. Some sooner than others. It's difficult to understand the meaning of it all. The question isn't, 'Why do we die?' The correct question is, 'Why do we live?
Scott   Alexander, Unsong|I took that mint because I wanted to. I wanted to remember who I was. I wanted to remember my family. Most of all, I wanted to remember you. I wanted to remember what we are together, and how we got to that point. I wanted you to know I remember all of those precious moments. And if I don’t make it through this, I wanted to go knowing I love you. I wanted you to know I remember why I love you.
N. R. Narayana Murthy|Infosys demonstrated to the world that an Indian company could implement standards of quality, operations, finance that compare with the best. That is a legacy I am happy with.
Mary E. DeMuth, Everything: What You Give and What You Gain to Become Like Jesus|When the world careens out of control, we can rest in the fact that God spun this world with a simple word. Matter from emptiness. Beauty from void. Community from chaos.
Louis L'Amour, Education of a Wandering Man|You can learn from those who have come down from the mountain, but you won’t have the same experience unless you climb yourself.
Elizabeth Hawes, Fashion is Spinach|And again and again, why, oh why, Joe Rosenthal, were you so surprised when skirts got long and waists natural? For three long years it had been coming. It was a style, Mr. Rosenthal. Style is never unpredictable. But Rosenthal and Levine are not occupied with style. They believe that everything changes twice a year and they want it to. Otherwise people wouldn't have to buy so many clothes. Nor are the manufacturers occupied with quality because it wears and makes future buying unnecessary. They are not concerned with whether clothes are useful or beautiful or functional. That, apparently, is not a part of their job.
Mark Allen Smith, The Inquisitor|There is one day that has brought me unspeakable pain, & the effects of that day continue to cover & erode my world like rust. I suspect that someday the rust will eat through the joists & posts of my life & I will topple, literally as well as figuratively.
Catie Marron, City Squares: Eighteen Writers on the Spirit and Significance of Squares Around the World|The battle over society—its direction, its temper, its organization, its character—is often played out on the square. But the battle rarely ends; it does not easily resolve [David Remnick, "Geopolitics: Strength in Numbers"].
Ernest Morgan|I enjoy sharing my books as I do my friends, asking only that you treat them well and see them safely home.
Guy Debord|There is nothing more natural than to consider everything as starting from oneself, chosen as the center of the world; one finds oneself thus capable of condemning the world without even wanting to hear its deceitful chatter.
Michael Bassey Johnson, Master of Maxims|We're all just people...We all have things we deal with, but it's all right. We always muddle through.
Jerry Garcia|If you insist that individual rights are the summum bonum, then the whole structure of society falls down.
Kevin Michel, Moving Through Parallel Worlds To Achieve Your Dreams|To shift your life in a desired direction, you must powerfully shift your subconscious.
Mollie Gross, Confessions of a Military Wife|Grandma, everyone out here is bleaching their anuses. What do I do?"Her advice? "Baby, go outside in the sun and squirt a little lemon juice on it.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Case-Book of Sherlock Holmes|The ways of fate are indeed hard to understand. If there is not some compensation hereafter, then the world is a cruel jest.
Virginia Woolf|If I were to try to read, much less answer, all the attacks made on me, this shop might as well be closed for any other business.
Matthew Battles, Library: An Unquiet History|Roger Bacon held that three classes of substance were capable of magic: the herbal, the mineral, and the verbal. With their leaves of fiber, their inks of copperas and soot, and their words, books are an amalgam of the three.
Elspeth Huxley, The Flame Trees of Thika: Memories of an African Childhood|If the case isn't plea bargained, dismissed or placed on the inactive docket for an indefinite period of time, if by some perverse twist of fate it becomes a trial by jury, you will then have the opportunity of sitting on the witness stand and reciting under oath the facts of the case-a brief moment in the sun that clouds over with the appearance of the aforementioned defense attorney who, at worst, will accuse you of perjuring yourself in a gross injustice or, at best, accuse you of conducting an investigation so incredibly slipshod that the real killer has been allowed to roam free. Once both sides have argued the facts of the case, a jury of twelve men and women picked from computer lists of registered voters in one of America's most undereducated cities will go to a room and begin shouting. If these happy people manage to overcome the natural impulse to avoid any act of collective judgement, they just may find one human being guilty of murdering another. Then you can go to Cher's Pub at Lexington and Guilford, where that selfsame assistant state's attorney, if possessed of any human qualities at all, will buy you a bottle of domestic beer. And you drink it. Because in a police department of about three thousand sworn souls, you are one of thirty-six investigators entrusted with the pursuit of that most extraordinary of crimes: the theft of a human life. You speak for the dead. You avenge those lost to the world. Your paycheck may come from fiscal services but, goddammit, after six beers you can pretty much convince yourself that you work for the Lord himself. If you are not as good as you should be, you'll be gone within a year or two, transferred to fugitive, or auto theft or check and fraud at the other end of the hall. If you are good enough, you will never do anything else as a cop that matters this much. Homicide is the major leagues, the center ring, the show. It always has been. When Cain threw a cap into Abel, you don't think The Big Guy told a couple of fresh uniforms to go down and work up the prosecution report. Hell no, he sent for a fucking detective. And it will always be that way, because the homicide unit of any urban police force has for generations been the natural habitat of that rarefied species, the thinking cop.
Richard Russo, Nobody's Fool|Since her retirement from teaching Miss Beryl's health had in many respects greatly improved, despite her advancing years. An eighth-grade classroom was an excellent place to snag whatever was in the air in the way of illness. Also depression, which, Miss Beryl believed, in conjunction with guilt, opened the door to illness. Miss Beryl didn't know any teachers who weren't habitually guilty and depressed--guilty they hadn't accomplished more with their students, depressed that very little more was possible.
Theodore Roosevelt|The rights of persons, and the rights of property, are the objects, for the protection of which Government was instituted.
Auliq Ice|Consider the weak point in your private life and make a resolution for it, you will be stronger than what you thought and you'll start to achieve your goals easily.
Emma Cline|Poor feeling hijacks thinking for self-deception: to hide harsh truths, avoid action, evade responsibility, and, as the existentialists might put it, flee from freedom. Thus, poor feeling is a kind of moral failing, indeed, the deepest kind, and virtue principally consists in correcting and refining our emotions and the values that they reflect. To feel the right thing is to do the right thing, without any particular need for conscious thought or effort.
Sarah J. Maas, Queen of Shadows|If you have something hot, you keep your mouth shut, your eyes open, and your secrets buried.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|In the hit movie, “Pay It Forward,” a middle school child dreams of how he can change the world by being the catalyst for kindness. He begins his “social experiment” by performing a selfless act of kindness, and so begins the domino effect. As each consecutive person receives an act of kindness they, in turn, do something nice for another. The kindness becomes contagious and changes hundreds of lives for the better. Think of the global impact we could make if more people would make it their mission to simply pay if forward by BEING NICE.
Robert Moses|Probably everything in my life comes back to a feeling of abandonment, and this city never abandons you.
Agatha Christie, Lord Edgware Dies|You never have to suffer because of, or be denatured by, another person, even someone you love.
Pete Best|People are sad. People are broke. People are worried about money, people are worried that they're not enough and not amounting to anything and they don't feel good about themselves. People have rough times, and everybody's pretending it's not true, and we need to break that veneer.
Kate Wicker, Weightless: Making Peace with Your Body|We have it in our head that if we fill our stomachs, we’ll fill our hearts.
Cote de Pablo|There's a constantly applicable nature to soul music, whereas sometimes pop music can be a periodical.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|All hugs are not created equal. Some people are naturally gifted in showering others with warmth and affection. They can hug with such a sincere intention it transcends a handshake. Their hugs feel genuine, non-threatening, and are emotionally consistent with the relationship they share with the "hugee.
Mihir S. Sharma, Restart: The Last Chance for the Indian Economy|There was a greater truth — that of a glorious struggle, hard-fought and hard-won, in which many fell martyrs and countless others made sacrifices, dreaming of the day India would be free. That day had come. The people of India saw that too, and on 15 August — despite the sorrow in their hearts for the division of their land danced in the streets with abandon and joy.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|The way you treat people who are in no position to help you, further you, or benefit you reveals the true state of your heart.
Jim Butcher, Storm Front|Do you have a little white dress? I've had this deep-seated nurse fantasy about you, Murphy.
C.M. McKenna|I grew up being told, "If you do marijuana you'll be a slave for the rest of your life," and it only took me ten minutes to realize smoking marijuana was pretty cool. Then it was, "If you take LSD you'll be a slave for the rest of your life. Then it got to be, "If you take cocaine, you'll be slave for life." There was a time when I thought, "Hey, I've been taking Heroin for six months and I feel fine. You know, just on weekends." I actually believed that you didn't have to become addicted. I was wrong. The most important thing out of this is, don't lie to the kids. If marijuana is not going to make you homeless and addicted, don't tell people it is, because they'll found out it doesn't, then when they get to the stuff that really WILL, they ain't gonna believe you." - Dickie Peterson
David Hume|When anyone tells me that he saw a dead man restored to life, I immediately consider with myself whether it be more probable that this person should either deceive or be deceived or that the fact which he relates should really have happened. I weigh the one miracle against the other and according to the superiority which I discover, I pronounce my decision. Always I reject the greater miracle. If the falsehood of his testimony would be more miraculous than the event which he relates, then and not till then, can he pretend to command my belief or opinion.
Debasish Mridha|My life is joyful and bright because of your loveLike the moon who borrows light from the sunBut I like those stars, they are moon's friend They never leave moon when they're done.My life is bright because of your loveLike the flower borrowing from the sunYou're the seer and I am the scenery Bring joy to universe, remains your fun.
Nutan Bajracharya|One day, of course, no one will remember what I remember.
J.P. Moreland, Love Your God with All Your Mind: The Role of Reason in the Life of the Soul|I am responsible for what I believe and, I might add, for what I refuse to believe, because the content of what I do or do not believe makes a tremendous difference to what I become and how I act.
Cinda Williams Chima, The Gray Wolf Throne|If he even survives." She shivered, and Amon put his arm around her, drawing her into his steady warmth."It's that bad?"Raisa nodded. "He looked...he looked awful, Amon. Willo doesn't know if he'll...She's worried about him. My mother died, and I never got to tell her that I loved her, that I finally understood - just a little anyway. If Han dies too, I don't know what I'll do.
Gregory David Roberts, Shantaram|A billion stars above us coat the sky white. It would have been beautiful back home, but not here. Here it is the ever present reminder that we are all alone and insignificant.
Ian McEwan, Nutshell|When love dies and marriage lies in ruins, the first casualty is honest memory, decent, impartial recall of the past. Too inconvenient, too damning of the present. It's the spectre of old happiness at the feast of failure and desolation. So, against that headwind of forgetfulness I want to place my little candle of truth and see how far it throws its light.
O.R. girl|The words 'good' and 'love' have become so trivialized in our culture--not that our definitions were so accurate to begin with--that, in times of distress or disappointment, we struggle to believe that God is either.
Sean DeLauder, The Least Envied|What agony he suffered as he watched that light, in whose golden atmosphere were moving, behind the closed sash, the unseen and detested pair, as he listened to that murmur which revealed the presence of the man who had crept in after his own departure, the perfidy of Odette, and the pleasures which she was at that moment tasting with the stranger. And yet he was not sorry that he had come; the torment which had forced him to leave his own house had lost its sharpness when it lost its uncertainty, now that Odette's other life, of which he had had, at that first moment, a sudden helpless suspicion, was definitely there, almost within his grasp, before his eyes, in the full glare of the lamp-light, caught and kept there, an unwitting prisoner, in that room into which, when he would, he might force his way to surprise and seize it; or rather he would tap upon the shutters, as he had often done when he had come there very late, and by that signal Odette would at least learn that he knew, that he had seen the light and had heard the voices; while he himself, who a moment ago had been picturing her as laughing at him, as sharing with that other the knowledge of how effectively he had been tricked, now it was he that saw them, confident and persistent in their error, tricked and trapped by none other than himself, whom they believed to be a mile away, but who was there, in person, there with a plan, there with the knowledge that he was going, in another minute, to tap upon the shutter. And, perhaps, what he felt (almost an agreeable feeling) at that moment was something more than relief at the solution of a doubt, at the soothing of a pain; was an intellectual pleasure.
Hedy Lamarr|Other famous men, those of much talk and few deeds, soon evaporate. Action is the dignity of greatness.
David Bentley Hart, The Experience of God: Being, Consciousness, Bliss|Once the wounded child awakens to its human self, a primal scream emerges from the depths of denial like the Kraken released from its underwater prison.
J. Cole|Ideas percolate. Through natural selection, the best ones survive.
Kelly Cutrone, If You Have to Cry, Go Outside: And Other Things Your Mother Never Told You|But while my inner voice was clearly telling me I was at my core an entrepreneur, it's inconvenient to decide at twenty-three that you can't really work for other people.
Debasish Mridha|A mind without freedom, a life without liberty, is like a heart without love, a journey without a destination.
Eraldo Banovac|In reality, there is no such thing as absolute freedom. The rules of social interaction determine one's freedom.
René Friedrich, Success. Love. Poetry.|Akinli, this strange boy whose life at the moment seemed to be hanging on this, pushed himself from the bed.Julie gasped, watching as his arms trembled under his weight, even as thin as he was. He crushed his eyes together in concentration, willing himself up.I heard Ben whisper to himself, “Come on, come on, come on.”When Akinli, breathing as if he truly had just run a marathon, was fairly close to upright, he held out an arm for me.I fell into it fearlessly.We leaned into each other, neither of us strong enough to stay up on our own.“I thought I’d never see you sit up again,” Julie cried.We both turned to her, smiling at the happy tears on her face.
Robert Anderson|In every marriage more than a week old, there are grounds for divorce. The trick is to find and continue to find grounds for marriage.
Debasish Mridha|To grow the power of an imagination, travel to see the world.
Sarah Brazytis, The Apprentices|George dutifully dusted the marks from the expensive rug and retired to the kitchen to await a grave and disapproving Collins, wishing with all of his boyish heart that he had applied for the stables. Cleaning stalls had to be beneficial exercise, and surely one must become accustomed to the smells...eventually.
Tom Ford|Mankind, his brain has embraced so many amazing things, and yet we're still beating each other over the heads with clubs, excepting the bullets now, one bullet can wipe out an entire city.
Oscar Wilde, The Soul of Man Under Socialism|Progress means getting nearer to the place you want to be. And if you have taken a wrong turning, then to go forward does not get you any nearer.If you are on the wrong road, progress means doing an about-turn and walking back to the right road; and in that case the man who turns back soonest is the most progressive man.
Debasish Mridha M.D.|If time is standing still, then why do we allow months and years to let us kill?
Ben Elton|They were the Saturday Club, a secret society of which only the four of them were aware and which none other could join.
Jada Pinkett Smith|I would not send a poor girl into the world, ignorant of the snares that beset her path; nor would I watch and guard her, till, deprived of self-respect and self-reliance, she lost the power or the will to watch and guard herself.
Criss Jami, Healology|Mankind, in all his lusts, punishes himself. The gods have to do very little.
Debasish Mridha|Ego seeks the domination by war, but spirit seeks the peace through love.
Mary Ann Shaffer, The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society|I don't know as much about children as I would like to. I am godmother to a wonderful three-year-old boy named dominic, the son of my friend Sophie. They live in Scotland, near Oban, and I don't get to see him often. I am always astonished, when I do, at his increasing personhood - no sooner had I gotten used to carrying about a warm lump of baby that he stopped being one started scurrying around on his own. I missed six months, and lo and behold, he learned how to talk! Now he talks to himself, which I find terribly endearing since I do, too.
Michel Houellebecq|If you look at a painting that you love by one of the great masters, every time you go back to it, you see something different - a different attitude or brushstroke. 'Hamlet' is like an entire gallery of old masters.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|We never look at people with the eye of God instead we look at them from their past, what they did wrong.
Dominic Riccitello|All her life she'd had little interest in the workings of boys' minds, which she imagined only as a set of flimsy pinwheels turning in the direction of obvious things.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|Those eyes of his just look up at me, pupils dilated in the diffused lights of the room. Wide, black pools, seeking out galaxies.
Malcolm Gladwell, David and Goliath: Underdogs, Misfits, and the Art of Battling Giants|A man employs the full power of the state in his grief and ends up plunging his government into a fruitless and costly experiment. A woman who walks away from the promise of power finds the strength to forgive - and saves her friendship, her marriage, and her sanity. The world is turned upside down. - Chapter 8
Oscar Wilde, The Importance of Being Earnest|I keep a diary in order to enter the wonderful secrets of my life. If I didn't write them down, I should not probably forget all about them.
Matshona Dhliwayo|It can’t be done,” they told the caterpillar. “It can,” replied the butterfly.
Anne Carson|[Short Talk on Sylvia Plath] Did you see her mother on television? She said plain, burned things. She said I thought it an excellent poem but it hurt me. She did not say jungle fear. She did not say jungle hatred wild jungle weeping chop it back chop it. She said self-government she said end of the road. She did not say humming in the middle of the air what you came for chop.
Elizabeth Wurtzel|Experience," which is just a euphemism for heartache and heartbreak, failed love and false promises, for every time you told yourself This is the real thing and Finally I've found my way home only to end up lost in a muck or lying across rickety train tracks, praying for deliverance and not knowing if that would mean getting run over or being spared; "experience," which is a neutral word that most people know only means something good on a resume, a term that in the rest of life is more like a criminal rap sheet full of mishaps that cannot be expunged, this indelible quality made more frightening because there are no authorities keeping track, no one is forcing you to remember these things, it is all your own fault, it is only you who cannot forget; "experience," which is supposed to be the playground and peep show and life-size labyrinth of adolescence, which can, when it occurs at the right time in life...if it is delivered in moderate and judicious measure...make you a more capable lover and friend, spouse and partner.
Munindra Misra, Eddies of Life|4.45 CREATIONMan’s creation – with use clearly decreases,It but fulfillment of want and desire please;God’s Creation – but with use increases,It the fulfillment of love, truly never ceases.[271]	- 4
Trebor Healey, A Horse Named Sorrow|I figured in the modern world, considering, Jesus himself would have likely been born in a frat house.
Phar West Nagle|Without peace, justice and freedom, the true value and dignity of mankind disappears.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Breakfast of Champions|This much I knew and know: I was making myself hideously uncomfortable by not narrowing my attention to details of life which were immediately important, and by refusing to believe what my neighbors believed.
Mindy Kaling, Why Not Me?|People talk about confidence without ever bringing up hard work. That’s a mistake. I know I sound like some dour older spinster on Downton Abbey who has never felt a man’s touch and whose heart has turned to stone, but I don’t understand how you could have self-confidence if you don’t do the work... I have never, ever, ever, met a high confident person and successful person who is not what a movie would call a 'workaholic.' Because confidence is like respect; you have to earn it.
Grimes|No doubt, the most important thing in my career was my time with Mr. Bergman, with whom I worked in so many films and also in so many stage productions, so it was a continuous working relationship and also a friendship, of course, that lasted for so many years.
Linda Winfree|She needed this. For the comfort, for the love, for all the glorious things she did not deserve and yet could not stop herself from wanting.
Krishnamurti|If you see that you are a bundle of memories and words, the restless monkey comes to an end.
Akemi G, Why We Are Born: Remembering Our Purpose through the Akashic Records|Imran Khan says 'End your ego, think of nation
Aniruddha Sastikar|We have come to understand the phenomena of life only as an assemblage of the lifeless. We take the mechanistic abstractions of our technical calculation to be ultimately concrete and "fundamentally real," while our most intimate experiences are labelled "mere appearance" and something having reality only within the closet of the isolated mind. Suppose however we were to invert this whole scheme, reverse the order in which it assigns abstract and concrete. What is central to our experience, then, need not be peripheral to nature. This sunset now, for example, caught within the network of bare winter branches, seems like a moment of benediction in which the whole of nature collaborates. Why should not these colours and these charging banners of light be as much a part of the universe as the atoms and molecules that make them up? If they were only "in my mind," then I and my mind would no longer be a part of nature. Why should the pulse of life toward beauty and value not be a part of things? Following this path, we do not vainly seek to assemble the living out of configurations of dead stuff, but we descend downwards from more complex to simpler grades of the organic. From humans to trees to rocks; from "higher grade" to "lower grade" organisms. In the universe of energy, any individual thing is a pattern of activity within the flux, and thereby an organism at some level.
Peter Fenn|The law was made for one thing alone, for the exploitation of those who don't understand it, or are prevented by naked misery from obeying it.
Ronnie Ray Jenkins|When reading dies, the imagination soon follows.
Suzumu, 終焉の栞 [Shuuen no Shiori]|In this world, there are only 'things that seem like the truth' and 'things that seem like rumors - A-ya
Joanna Russ|The reply to this was that Three took out a small revolver, and this surprised me; for everyone knows that anger is most intense towards those you know: it is lovers and neighbors who kill each other. There's no sense, after all, in behaving that way toward a perfect stranger; where's the satisfaction? No love, no need; no need, no frustration; no frustration, no hate, right? It must have been fear.
Mario Cuomo|I'm a scientist and I know what constitutes proof. But the reason I call myself by my childhood name is to remind myself that a scientist must also be absolutely like a child. If he sees a thing, he must say that he sees it, whether it was what he thought he was going to see or not. See first, think later, then test. But always see first. Otherwise you will only see what you were expecting. Most scientists forget that.
Jack Kevorkian|I think my father gave me a great reverence for medical science. He was about as opposite to the personality of House as one could imagine. He was polite and easygoing, and would have gone to great lengths to make his patients feel attended to and heard and sympathized with.
Jane Rainwater, Red Hats & Renegades|Miz Ellen, what do you carry in that handbag of yours that has enough wallop to knock down a full-grown man? - Dan Landry
John Burdett, Bangkok Tattoo|...killing Dirk, killing anybody, was not going to change anything apart from Francisco's f***ing ego, which was already large enough to house the world's poor twice over, with a few million bourgeoisie in the spare-room.
Orhan Pamuk, The Black Book|As I was looking at myself in the bathroom mirror, it occurred to me that if all else failed, a man could at least kiss himself, and I stared in to the mirror, conjuring up the memory of the couple in the film. I couldn't get the image of their lips out of my mind. But by now I'd realised I'd not even be kissing myself; I'd be kissing the mirror.
Brian Castner, The Long Walk: A Story of War and the Life That Follows|I hope to offer the personal as a way to connect to the universal, not a claim for one universal experience of having breasts, but a universal hope for kindness—to each other and our selves and our bodies.
Robert S. Cosmar|If we worship another, then we remain in duality. We have not fully entered the path within.Through awareness, we learn to worship the essence of our nature and the truth of existence within the temple of our own consciousness. Our worship is a realization of truth and oneness. It is rejoicing within our being.True worship is to fill ourselves with the awareness of eternity, to know our godliness as beings of light.Worship no person, or image -- only the awareness of who you are becoming.
Kyra Lennon, If I Let You Go|His jaw was set, telling me I should back off. Unfortunately, being a gobby cow meant I couldn’t.
Darwun St. James, CRICKET|That poor innocent snake was far more terrified of Nana then she ever was of the snake. Cricket could barely believe her eyes, but when that shotgun went off with a boom so did the snake. Up until yesterday, Cricket had never seen a snake fly!
Cheryl Strayed, Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar|She still loves him. This is the fact she wakes up to each morning. She checks it, sometimes, a tongue probing an aching tooth, making sure it still hurts.
Ted Lindsay|Here you do have forests, where pigs could be raised by letting them root about in the forests for a good part of the year. Therefore, you have a different attitude toward them compared with what continues to exist in the Middle East.
Ophelia London, Kissing Her Crush|You’re not broken, Dylan. I know you’re not.
Francine Rivers, The Atonement Child|I am much afraid that the universities will prove to be the great gates of hell, unless they diligently labour in explaining the Holy Scriptures, and engraving them in the hearts of youth. I advise no one to place his child where the Scriptures do not reign paramount. Every institution in which men are not unceasingly occupied with the Word of God must become corrupt.
Christopher Janaway|The will has no overall purpose, aims at no highest good, and can never be satisfied. Although it is our essence, it strikes us as an alien agency within, striving for life and procreation blindly, mediated only secondarily by consciousness. Instinctive sexuality is at our core, interfering constantly with the life of the intellect. To be an individual expression of this will is to lead a life of continual desire, deficiency, and suffering. Pleasure or satisfaction exists only relative to a felt lack; it is negative, merely the cessation of an episode of striving or suffering, and has no value of itself. Nothing we can achieve by conscious act of will alters the will to life within us. There is no free will. Human actions, as part of the natural order, are determined [....] As individual parts of the empirical world we are ineluctably pushed through life by a force inside us which is not of our choosing, which gives rise to needs and desires we can never fully satisfy, and is without ultimate purpose. Schopenhauer concludes that it would have been better not to exist—and that the world itself is something whose existence we should deplore rather than celebrate.
Meredith Ann Pierce, Birth of the Firebringer|Shortly after we were in bed I began my story, but made it so absurd, so long, and so tiresome, that, as my intention was, I sent her to sleep, and should have gone to sleep myself - but dark plots are ever wakeful. (“The Story of Prince Barkiarokh”)
Ford Madox Ford, Parade's End|Beshrew me but I love her heartily, For she is wise, if I can judge of her, And fair she is, if that mine eyes be true, And true she is, as she hath proved herself: And therefore like herself, wise, fair, and true, Shall she be placed in my constant soul.
Michael Reaves, Jedi Healer|I think this galaxy would be a whole lot nicer and more pleasant place to live if we all just stop killing one another. Who's with me on this?"A few chuckles and a couple of faux cheers were the response."You're a visionary," I-Five told him."Float it past Palpatine, see what he thinks," Uli suggested.
Santosh Thankachan|The big, bad unknown is only that until it is known. Then you look back and wonder what all the fuss and worry was about.
H.W. Brands, T.R.: The Last Romantic|Have you ever had an experience where, had things turned out just a little bit differently, your entire life would have been transformed?Like a Supreme Court clerkship, a Rhodes Scholarship gets mentioned in your obituary.The door was open just a crack, in a way that seemed to say “I have an ‘open door’ policy, but I really don’t want to be bothered.”Success didn’t take you off the treadmill, but simply put you on a different treadmill, at a higher speed and with a steeper incline.When we’re young, overachieving, and unstoppable, we all think we’re special. But as we grow older, we reach a more realistic understanding of our place in the world. It happens at different times for different people, but eventually we all come to terms with our own ordinariness.
Tanya Thistleton|Besides, there's nobody who is going to watch your back better than me. You know that. And that's why I'm going to be there with you, whenever there is, whenever you ask, and as long as I'm able, he said. It's what fathers do.Most father's don't show up with hand grenades and bowie knives.They should be ashamed of themselves, Jake said.
Cody Edward Lee Miller|Poetry without truth, is like a rose without thorns.Still pretty,But sometime the real beauty comes from the things that can make us bleed.
Shruti Upadhaya, White Noise|But during those two months of fog . . . the saddest and the heaviest thing was to stand beside the sea. To be upon the beach yourself, and see the long waves coming in; to know that they are long waves, but only see a piece of them. And to hear them lifting roundly, swelling over smooth green rocks, plashing down in the hollow corners, but bearing on all the same as ever, soft and sleek and sorrowful, till their little noise is over.
Émile Zola, The Masterpiece|The thing is, work has simply swamped my whole existence. Slowly but surely it's robbed me of my mother, my wife, and everything that meant anything to me. It's like a germ planted in the skull that devours the brain, spreads to the trunk and the limbs, and destroys the entire body in time. No sooner am I out of bed in the morning than work clamps down on me and pins me to my desk before I've even had a breath of fresh air. It follows me to lunch and I find myself chewing over sentences as I'm chewing my food. It goes with me when I go out, eats out of my plate at dinner and shares my pillow in bed at night. It's so extremely merciless that once the process of creation is started, it's impossible for me to stop it, and it goes on growing and working even when I'm asleep. ... Outside that, nothing, nobody exists.
Alexander Hamilton|Is ours a government of the people, by the people, for the people, or a kakistocracy rather, for the benefit of knaves at the cost of fools?
Stuart Ayris, Tollesbury Time Forever|The only place I see you headed, Grady, is where you want to go. Wherever that might be. You’re in control of your life. You have it in you to achieve whatever you set your mind to. And don’t let Drew or anybody else tell you different.
Chrys Fey, 30 Seconds|Okay, more disclosure. I'm not a fugitive at the moment, but I might become one. I don't know if I'm going back for a trial. I can't go to prison and leave the twins alone. We'll leave before it comes to that. I don't want to get you in trouble."	Hilda waved off the words. "I'm an old woman. They ain't gonna take me out of here in shackles. I've seen most of the local officers run around in diapers."	Luanne was pretty sure that didn't mean immunity. She'd seen Chase naked, and that hadn't stopped him from arresting her. She didn't tell that to Aunt Hilda.
James Dobson|The average American returning from a trip abroad likely - and understandably - assumes the contents of his or her electronic device does not come close to meeting the threshold of 'criminal' activity, such as would give a government agent the right to seize and peruse their iPad just because they are returning from a vacation.
Josh Stern, And That's Why I'm Single: What Good Is Having A Lucky Horseshoe Up Your Butt When The Horse Is Still Attached?|My heart goes out to some of those rather hostile yet highly intelligent individuals who may see problems really because they have solutions. That hostility is learned in defense; not offense. An often stubborn and prideful world, in its self-destructive, temporary bliss of ignorance, may be violently resistant to the watchful mind.
Ivan Rusilko, Dessert|What do you know about me, Isabeau?" He leaned forward, and I forced myself to stay still instead of shying away. He was so close that I could smell the subtle notes of his cologne: musk and wood with a hint of leather. What did he want me to say? That everyone said he was an ogre? Or that they all wanted to sleep with him anyway?"I...""Go on. You won't hurt my feelings." He was still smiling, slight dimples visible in both cheeks. The sight was destracting, to say the least."I know that you're the youngest CEO and partner in the company's history, and I know that you earned the spot by working your way up after graduate school instead of using your inheritance as a crutch.""Everyone knows that. What do you know about me? The real stuff. None of this press release bullshit."I looked down at my hands, anything not to have to look up at his face so close to me. "Um. People say... they say that you're scary. And that your assistants don't last long."He laughed, a deep, warm sound that seemed to fill up the office. I glanced up to see him smirking at me. I relaxed my grip on the desk a little. Maybe I wasn't being fired after all."What else do they say?"Oh, God. He can't possibly want me to tell him everything. Does he? The look on his face confirmed that he did. It was clear by the way he looked at me that I wasn't leaving this office until I gave him exactly what he wanted."They say. Um... They say that you're very, uh, good looking... and impossible to please.""Oh they do, do they?" He sat back, and tented his fingers beneath his chin. "Well, do you agree with them? Do you think I'm scary, handsome and woefully unsatisfied?"My mouth dropped open, and I quickly closed it with a snap. "Yes. I mean, no! I mean, I don't know..."He stood, then, and leaned in close, towering over me. "You were right the first time."Anxiety coursed through me, but I have to admit, being this close to him, smelling his scent and feeling the heat radiating off his body, it made me wonder what it would be like to be in his arms. To be his. To be owned by him...His face was almost touching mine when he whispered to me. "I am unsatisfied, Isabeau. I want you to be my new assistant. Will you do that for me? Will you be at my beck and call?"My breath left me as his words sunk in. When I finally regained it, I felt like I was trembling from head to toe. His beck and call."Wh-what about your old assistant?"Mr. Drake leaned back again and took my chin in his hand, forcing my eyes to his. "What about her? I want you."His touch on my skin was electric. Are we still talking about business? "Yes, Mr. Drake."His thumb stroked my cheek for the briefest of moments, and then he released me, breathless, and wondering what I'd just agreed to.
Mark Wahlberg|And the bummer thing is, ghosts never leave. They might leave you alone sometimes, but they're always there deep down, whispering lies in your ear. They echo the lies others told you: That you're not smart enough; that you're not pretty; that you'll never amount to anything.
Andrew James Pritchard, One In an Eleven Million|One day you will just wake up and you will do not want to remember that it was real fact, what has happened before you fell asleep.
Julia Hoban, Willow|And she knows then that she was right about her brother, that it takes an unbelievable strength to feel this kind of grief, and she doesn't know if she can handle it, because it really hurts, hurts her more than the razor ever could.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|You want how you do business to be consistent among all team members, including partners, management, employees, and even vendors.
Samura|If you can't remember past history, don't worry;you are born to create a history for the future
Jeff Garvin, Symptoms of Being Human|Remembering that moment stirs something inside -- anger, at first, and then a deep, hollow sadness that ripples through me in its own spiderweb pattern.
Joseph Campbell, Thou Art That: Transforming Religious Metaphor|The Garden is a metaphor for the following: our minds, and our thinking in terms of pairs of opposites--man and woman, good and evil--are as holy as that of a god. (50)
C.G. Jung, The Psychogenesis of Mental Disease|The normal is that which nobody quite is. If you listen to seemingly dull people very closely, you'll see that they're all mad in different and interesting ways, and are merely struggling to hide it.
Ali ibn Abi Talib|If what you achieve today is equal to what you achieved yesterday, then you are at a loss. And if what you have achieved today is less than what you achieved yesterday, then you are deprived from the Almighty's blessings. Anyone who is not progressing, is in fact regressing, and if you are regressing, then you might as well be dead.
Sylvia Day, In The Flesh|The moment I met her she struck me dumb, deaf, and stupid. At only eighteen, she’d had everything— brains, beauty, class. And she’d known it too. In the eight years since, I’ve watched her toy with one man after another, sometimes for a weekend, sometimes for a couple of months. But the affairs always ended the same. With her handing him his hat and a don’t-slam-the-door-on-your-way-out.
Alexander Theroux|To this day I don't ever remember seeing a pet inside Moscow, I never saw anyone carrying a dog, or leading a dog. Err I finally saw a, a pet some years later in Kiev, so I thought that life must have been, different.
Harriet Beecher Stowe, Uncle Tom's Cabin|I wonder Why we make huge revolutions and then the result is zero of hopes,freedom or even to find the food !
Debasish Mridha|There is no love without kindness, there is no kindness without love.
Georges Limbour|Having spent a long time in open spaces, whether sea or desert, it is a luxury to be able to take refuge in towns with narrow streets which provide a fragile fortress against the assaults of the infinite. There is such a sense of security against the boundless there, even if the murmur of the wave or the silence of the sands still pursue one through tortuous corridors. The winds, despite their subtle spirits, are themselves lost in the vestibules of this labyrinth and, unable to find a way through, whistle and turn in turbulence like demented dervishes. They will not break through the walls of this den in which life still pulsates in the shadows of humanity's black sun.
Darren Hardy, The Compound Effect: Jumpstart Your Income, Your Life, Your Success|Why are you choosing to be unhappy, when you're created for happiness?
Lish McBride, Hold Me Closer, Necromancer|She whistled when she noticed my back. I assume because of my injuries. I mean, my ass just isn't that spectacular.
Diana Dentinger, Modus Vivendi: Your Life Your Way|Your Life Purpose is a blend of your Core Personality Needs. Remember it, define it and refine it as you journey through life.
Louise Penny, Bury Your Dead|Not everything buried is actually dead. For many, the past is alive.
Mike Jay, A Visionary Madness: The Case of James Tilly Matthews and the Influencing Machine|To look back before 1800 is to enter another world, one where the number of institutions for the mad was a tiny fraction of today's and what we would now call mental disorders were often understood as religious ecstasies or diabolical possessions.
Paul Bowles, Up Above the World|At some point in the night she had a dream. Or it was possible that she was partially awake, and was only remembering a dream? She was alone among the rocks on a dark coast beside the sea. The water surged upward and fell back languidly, and in the distance she heard surf breaking slowly on a sandy shore. It was comforting to be this close to the surface of the ocean and gaze at the intimate nocturnal details of its swelling and ebbing. And as she listened to the faraway breakers rolling up onto the beach, she became aware of another sound entwined with the intermittent crash of waves: a vast horizontal whisper across the bossom of the sea, carrying an ever-repeated phrase, regular as a lighthouse flashing: Dawn will be breaking soon. She listened a long time: again and again the scarcely audible words were whispered across the moving water. A great weight was being lifted slowly from her; little by little her happiness became more complete, and she awoke. Then she lay for a few minutes marveling the dream, and once again fell asleep.
Jamie McGuire, Beautiful Disaster|Are you asking me to undress, Tris?'A nervous laugh gurgles from my throat. 'Only ... partially
Ron Carlson, Ron Carlson Writes a Story|In brief, the teaching process, as commonly observed, has nothing to do with the investigation and establishment of facts, assuming that actual facts may ever be determined. Its sole purpose is to cram the pupils, as rapidly and as painlessly as possible, with the largest conceivable outfit of current axioms, in all departments of human thought—to make the pupil a good citizen, which is to say, a citizen differing as little as possible, in positive knowledge and habits of mind, from all other citizens. In other words, it is the mission of the pedagogue, not to make his pupils think, but to make them think right, and the more nearly his own mind pulsates with the great ebbs and flows of popular delusion and emotion, the more admirably he performs his function. He may be an ass, but this is surely no demerit in a man paid to make asses of his customers.
T.S. Eliot, The Family Reunion|One thing you cannot know: The sudden extinction of every alternative, The unexpected crash of the iron cataract. You do not know what hope is, until you have lost it. You only know what it is not to hope: You do not know what it is to have hope taken from you Or to fling it away, to join the legion of the hopeless Unrecognized by other men, though sometimes by each other.
Norman Lewis|I am looking for the people who have always been there, and belong to the places they live. The others I do not wish to see.
Robert Tew|There is only one real misfortune: to forfeit one's own good opinion of oneself. Lose your complacency, once betray your own self-contempt and the world will unhesitatingly endorse it.
Garth Nix, To Hold the Bridge|There are lots of people out there who are terribly hateful. She could avoid a whole lot of trouble and dress and act as they want her to, but she chooses to be herself. That's brave. Also - the last time we met she stopped Jackaby from hurting the men who hurt her. They might have killed her. Kindness is an act of bravery. I think, just as hatred is an act of fear. I'm sure can appreciate that not all strength is muscle, Mr. Finstern. She has a strong spirit, and I believe she is brave about the way she chooses to use it.
Amy Grant|Working with Roshni gives me lot of confidence. When I started SSN - in 1994, after a windfall gain from HCL-HP then - I was OK to do it alone. My brother, who was supposed to head it, passed away. We had a governing council to run it. That was a leap of faith, and we didn't know where we will get.
Swami Vivekananda|There are only two mistakes one can make along the road to truth; not going all the way, and not starting.
John Calvin|However many blessings we expect from God, His infinite liberality will always exceed all our wishes and our thoughts.
Jay Woodman|ego promenades, flounces, pushes in unwanted places, trips, stands on others, whereas a sense of destiny grounds - you just do what you do
Nate Parker|I'm an advocate of the great Dr. Johnson, the English man of letters who said that patriotism was the last refuge of the scoundrel.
Amber Silvia, Unspoken|You must really love this guy, huh? I mean, to be crying as ugly as you are?
Erica Bauermeister, The Lost Art of Mixing|Stories of her children when they were small, their round little bodies barely containing their personalities, which bloomed and glittered and melted into her.
Rebecca Solnit|Thanks to demographics, that conservative push is not going to work-the United States is not going to be a mostly white country again- and because genies don't go back into bottles and queer people are not going back into the closet and women aren't going to surrender. It's a war, but I don't believe we're losing it, even if we won't win it anytime soon either; rather, some battles are won, some are engaged, and some women are doing really well while others suffer. And things continue to change in interesting and sometimes even auspicious ways.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Never give up.This applies to more than goals and dreams, it is a maxim for basic daily struggles. It shapes one's life, including the will to continue to live. It supports love and committed relationships; it bolsters hope, faith, and charity; it is power in every area of existence. Never give up on anything or anyone of any worth, especially yourself.
David Hume|The happiest folks are those that are busy, for their minds are starved of time to seek out woe. -The Crone's Eyes
Howard Tayler, Emperor Pius Dei|So you're a fellow mercenary, then.""Does this mean you'll afford me some professional courtesy?""Don't ask for that. All it means is that you might get to face the person who kills you. . . But only if it's convenient.
P.G. Wodehouse, The Man Upstairs and Other Stories|I was ambitious and desperate to direct my first film, so I capitulated and blew it. Never again. Never fucking again.
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|And despite the insignificance of the instant we have so far occupied in cosmic time, it is clear that what happens on and near Earth at the beginning of thesecond cosmic year will depend very much on the scientific wisdom and the distinctly human sensitivity of mankind.
Richard Stallman|The American legal industry is a medieval guild in which the prosecutors, bar, and bench join hands to ensure that legal invoices are paid, no matter how excessive.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|I sort of thought that maybe people had to talk that way, sort of saying the same things over and over because that way they can get along together without thinking." She stopped and thought. Why I was so worried,” she said, “was because if people didn't say those damn things over and over, then they wouldn't talk to each other at all.
Alain de Botton, Art as Therapy|Curiosity takes ignorance seriously, and is confident enough to admit when it does not know. It is aware of not knowing, and it sets out to do something about it
Lorenzo Snow|When in doubt as to what you should do, err on the side of 'giving.
Chimnese Davids, Muses of Wandering Passions|That is what you meant to me: a light that shone through the darkness.” (Your smile, p. 56)
Elizabeth Gilbert, Committed: A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage|I'd learned enough from life's experiences to understand that destiny's interventions can sometimes be read as invitation for us to address and even surmount our biggest fears. It doesn't take a great genius to recognize that when you are pushed by circumstance to do the one thing you have always most specifically loathed and feared, this can be, at the very least, an interesting growth opportunity.
Adam Young|Reality is a lovely place, but I wouldn't want to live there.
Franz Kafka|I am too tired, I must try to rest and sleep, otherwise I am lost in every respect. What an effort to keep alive! Erecting a monument does not require an expenditure of so much strength.
Keeper Peace|Lose yourself in the music, not the fog
Iyanla Vanzant|My mother's not a political person. She just doesn't want me to be mean... sometimes I have to be mean. It's like a parent or a teacher. Sometimes for the good of everybody you have to be a little bit strong, a little bit confrontational.
Carl Bernstein|I guess you'd call me an independent, since I've never identified myself with one party or another in politics. I always decide my vote by taking as careful a look as I can at the actual candidates and issues themselves, no matter what the party label.
Dean Koontz, Odd Thomas|Considering that the modern and contemporary literature taught in most universities is largely bleak, cynical, morbid, pessimistic, misanthropic dogmatism, often written by suicidal types who sooner or later kill themselves with alcohol or drugs, or shotguns, Professor Takuda was a remarkably cheerful man.
John Kenneth Galbraith, The Great Crash of 1929|Professors go batty too, perhaps more often than other people, although owing to their profession, their madness is less often remarked. 
Karen Chance, Hunt the Moon|I’d have been dead a long time ago if not for my friends, one of whom had just jumped off the cliff after me. I’d have been a lot more appreciative if he hadn’t pushed me first." ~Cassandra Palmer
Kenny Porpora, The Autumn Balloon|For a long time, I felt like I was destined to inherit a certain kind of life and so I wouldn’t let myself think of it for fear of being even cognitively associated with it. But writing about those same people and places changed that, and I could suddenly face them and understand them and forgive them. It was really then that I was able to understand that I wasn’t my past. Nobody is. One thing I have always loved about writing is how it can transform you and allow you to reinvent yourself. You could spend your whole life as a teacher, a doctor, a mother, a convict, whatever it may be; but the day you start writing, you start over. You’re a writer now.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Sarek frowned. "Insubordination?""Eccentricity," Spock replied. "Captain Kirk allows a great deal of leeway as long as his crewmembers do their jobs well. Mr. Chevron simply takes advantage of it.""That good at his job, is he?" asked Sarek."Indeed. Extremely good.
Ned Vizzini, It's Kind of a Funny Story|I don't-" I shake my head. (...) "What? What were you going to say?" This is another trick of shrinks. They never let you stop in midthought. If you open your mouth, they want to know exactly what you had the intention of saying.
Barbara Casey, The Cadence of Gypsies|Hurry up, he'll be coming back pretty soon!"Lynda spelled with a "y" Corgill, who was two years behind Dara, Mackenzie, and Jennifer, and had just completed her sophomore year, squeezed the hot glue gun into the door lock of the headmaster's office. Shelby Andrews, her accomplice and the newest resident to be accepted at Wood Rose, stood watch."I see the lights of the truck. Hurry! He's coming back! Are you finished?"Lynda gave the metal apparatus one last squeeze, filling the lock with the quick-drying cement glue guaranteed to harden on contact. "Finished."In the soft illumination of the crescent moon high overhead, the two girls, barefooted and wearing dark blue pajamas, ran across the lawn crisscrossed by dark, elongated shadows and dampened by night-cooled air to the maintenance shed where they placed the glue gun on the top shelf where it was normally kept. With their task completed, they quickly returned to the dormitory, to the far end from where Ms. Larkins slept, and crawled through the open window. Within minutes they were back in their rooms, in their individual beds, and sound asleep. The sleep of innocent angels.It would soon be light; and Wood Rose Orphanage and Academy for Young Women would start another day.
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|If you can't do something smart, do something right.
Hans Zimmer|If somebody tells you a rule, break it. That's the only way to move things forward.
Jay Woodman|Because here’s something else that’s weird but true: in the day-to-day trenches of adult life, there is actually no such thing as atheism. There is no such thing as not worshipping. Everybody worships. The only choice we get is what to worship. And the compelling reason for maybe choosing some sort of god or spiritual-type thing to worship–be it JC or Allah, be it YHWH or the Wiccan Mother Goddess, or the Four Noble Truths, or some inviolable set of ethical principles–is that pretty much anything else you worship will eat you alive. If you worship money and things, if they are where you tap real meaning in life, then you will never have enough, never feel you have enough. It’s the truth. Worship your body and beauty and sexual allure and you will always feel ugly. And when time and age start showing, you will die a million deaths before they finally grieve you. On one level, we all know this stuff already. It’s been codified as myths, proverbs, clichés, epigrams, parables; the skeleton of every great story. The whole trick is keeping the truth up front in daily consciousness. Worship power, you will end up feeling weak and afraid, and you will need ever more power over others to numb you to your own fear. Worship your intellect, being seen as smart, you will end up feeling stupid, a fraud, always on the verge of being found out. But the insidious thing about these forms of worship is not that they’re evil or sinful, it’s that they’re unconscious. They are default settings. They’re the kind of worship you just gradually slip into, day after day, getting more and more selective about what you see and how you measure value without ever being fully aware that that’s what you’re doing.
Maggie Stiefvater, Linger|Some people never say the words ‘I love you’, for like a child they’re longing to be told.
Jonathan Glover, Humanity: A Moral History of the Twentieth Century|Sir Edward Grey echoed this: More than one true thing may be said about the causes of the war, but the statement that comprises most truth is that militarism and the armaments inseparable from it made war inevitable. Armaments were intended to produce a sense of security in each nation – that was the justification put forward in defence of them. What they really did was to produce fear in everybody.
Anna-Marie McLemore, When the Moon Was Ours|They prickled her like thorns and leaves growing under her skin, and she felt the ache of a glass vine caging her forearm. They would crack, and the jagged pieces would cut into her wrists. Her blood would tint the glass. It would splinter and cut deeper into her.
Geoffrey Hill|Snooki is a bestselling author? Huh? What? I don't know if I should dumb down my book, shoot myself or find a publisher who'll settle for a rough draft written on a Pop-Tart and a coconut lotion handie..
Plato, Ion|The reason is that they utter these words of theirs not by virtue of a skill, but by a divine power - otherwise, if they knew how to speak well on one topic thanks to a skill, they would know how to speak about every other topic too.
Angela Richardson, All the Pieces|All I have ever wanted, needed, dreamed and desired is contained within you.
Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!|There are many horrible sights in the multiverse. Somehow, though, to a soul attuned to the subtle rhythms of a library, there are few worse sights than a hole where a book ought to be.Someone had stolen a book.
Sunday Adelaja|The word “marriage” lingered in Guy’s ears, too. It was a solemn word to him. It had the primordial solemnity of holy, love, sin. It was Miriam’s round terra cotta-coloured mouth saying, “Why should I put myself out for you?” and it was Anne’s eyes as she pushed her hair back and looked up at him on the lawn of her house where she planted crocuses. It was Miriam turning from the tall thin window in the room in Chicago, lifting her freckled, shield-shaped face directly up to his as she always did before she told a lie, and Steve’s long dark head, insolently smiling.
George Eliot, Daniel Deronda|I believe in good and evil," said Jem. "And I believe the soul is eternal. But I don't believe in the fiery pit, the pitchforks, or endless torment. I do not believe you can threaten people into goodness.
Suzanne Enoch, Sins of a Duke|But virtue, as it never will be moved,Though lewdness court it in a shape of heaven,So lust, though to a radiant angel linked,Will sate itself in a celestial bedAnd prey on garbage.
Eeva Lancaster, In Loving You - A Journey of Love and Self Discovery|We met last fall, and dreamt of summer days together. Winter came, and when you left, Winter stayed.
Peace Pilgrim|For the first time ever I was taking the family on the road. We stayed with my in-laws, which on life's list of experiences ranks right below sitting in a tub full of scissors.
Derek Jacobi|I worked as a secretary, a waitress and a dance teacher - all in high school.
Leonard Mlodinow|Mohammed was not an apparent failure. He was a dazzling success, politically as well as spiritually, and Islam went from strength to strength to strength.
Christina Dodd|No matter how they fought they had always been like this: balanced between anger and passion, between hurt and glory. When they first got together, she didn't understand how two people who had so little in common could be so madly, passionately in love. When they split, she had realized madness and passion could never keep a couple together.
Ben Carson|Not to discriminate every moment some passionate attitude in those about us, and in the very brilliancy of their gifts some tragic dividing on their ways, is, on this short day of frost and sun, to sleep before evening.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|When younger writers and poets, musicians and painters are weakened by a stemming of funds, they come to me saddened, not as full of dreams and excitement and ideas. I am then weakened and diminished, and made less rich.
Saurabh Sharma|They say love is all about raging hormones. For me, it's mind's way of breaking through its self-imposed limitations in order to set the eternally ecstatic soul free.
Chris Hedges, Empire of Illusion: The End of Literacy and the Triumph of Spectacle|The thing about dignity: it can be destroyed, but not taken unless it's given away. It can always be beautified.
Leslie W.P. Garland, The Golden Tup|You know,” he continued reflectively, “there is something very satisfying about making something, creating it, modelling it on your dream and making that dream become a reality. Yes, we all have dreams. That's the easy bit. It's making them come real that's not so easy.
inkness//IG poet|Doubt quit stopping by when I started staying out late, dancing in a flood of self assurance discovered when holding your hand.
Leslie Feinberg, Stone Butch Blues|Entertainment in its broadest sense- popular ballads, vaudeville, films, sculptures, plays, paintings, pornography, pulp novels-- has not only been a primary mode of expression of LGBT identity, but one of the most effective means of social change. Ironically, the enormous political power of these forms was often understood by the people who wanted to ban them, not by the people who were simply enjoying them.
Erin McCarthy, Bad Boys Online|Though Trish and her bad boy types weren't exactly Kindra's style, she had to agree that Violet went for quiet and uninteresting. Sort of like mild salsa. Why even bother? You'd be better off just biting a tomato.
D.E. Stevenson, Listening Valley|...some people might think our lives dull and uneventful, but it does not seem so to us. ...it is not travel and adventure that make a full life. There are adventures of the spirit and one can travel in books and interest oneself in people and affairs. One need ever be dull as long as one has friends to help, gardens to enjoy and books in the long winter evenings.
Onyi Anyado|As a leader, it’s critical to take the time to reflect in order to create a powerful vision for the company.
John Kenneth Galbraith|The first time I met Elizabeth Edwards, she greeted me at the door of her home juggling a yogurt in one hand and a Diet Coke in the other.
Stephanie Hudson, The Triple Goddess|Don't worry Toots, I told ya before, you don't have the right equipment to tempt me but if my tastes ever change from muscle to moobs then I might jump you.
Jillian Keenan, Sex with Shakespeare: Here's Much to Do with Pain, but More with Love|If I could mimic the dynamic of any Shakespearean marriage, I’d choose to mimic the Macbeths—before the murder, ruthless ambition, and torturous descents into madness and death, that is.
Vladimir Putin|Next to power without honor, the most dangerous thing in the world is power without humor.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|Whoever can be trusted with very little can also be trusted with much, and whoever is dishonest with very little will also be dishonest with much
Zendaya|I look at other people my age in this industry, other famous people my age, and they've just got famous friends. Which is cool, but I love being normal and just chilling at mine.
Ophelia London, Love Bites|You want a wild ride, J.J.? I'll give it to you, hard and slow until you scream my name.
Daniel Bell|Religion was nearly dead because there was no longer real belief in future life; but something was struggling to take its place - service - social service - the ants creed, the bees creed.
Elizabeth E. Castillo|Courtesy, not control, that was His means. Just as He requested the stars to sing and they leapt into bright being, so request was to be their rule over bird and beast, seas and trees, mountains and moons and all the dancing distances between the heavenlies filled with the unending song of Creation.
Hal Zina Bennett, Write from the Heart: Unleashing the Power of Your Creativity|The art of writing is not as solitary as one might think. When it finally dawns on us one day that our task as writers is to share what we know of the human spirit, we suddenly discover that we were never truly alone.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Curiosity killed the cat, but not before teaching her that honey bees are not sweet, tweeting birds are slow to react, mice can serve as both toys and food, big dogs like to snuggle, falling isn’t flying, cream drips from lazy cows, water should be avoided at all costs, baths don’t require getting wet, kindness and cruelty often fall from the same hand, and engines remain comfortably warm long after the motor dies.
C.S. Lewis|He's not safe, but he's good (referring to Aslan, the Lion, in The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe)
Dean Koontz, Odd Thomas|The less I have, the less I can lose.
Paul Silway, Heaven I - Paradise: The City and Throne|Great achievers are great thinkers and great thinkers, are great achievers.
Geoffrey Wood|If we can keep the Christians thinking of themselves as sinners not sons and daughters, we can make them view their relationship to The Adversary as a negative-sum-game: They fall in a hole, He pulls them out, they fall back in, etc... That way they never get anywhere; they’re always either standing next to a hole or down in it.
Oliver|The Doktor was very vond, I mean fond of Vluffy, so he gave him a flame-proof doggie-jacket. It was dull grey, but it had a tartan pattern on it. Vluffy liked his doggie-jacket and wore it all the time. When things went ‘bang’ he could just roll over, dust himself off and quickly scamper off with the doggie jacket flapping on his back. So in short, Vluffy was a very happy little dog who spent a lot of his time hiding under furniture. But the point is that he’d had a lot of time. Much more than those who went (up in smoke) before him.
Alan Gratz|I just have to make it to the Tuichi' I mumbled to myself, 'I just have to make it to the Tuichi'.Alone, deep in the jungle, so small and insignificant, pitted against nature, still I sensed someone was watching me. Or watching over me.Someone could see me, someone was providing for me
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Never ever let anyone take the charge of your Guitar called LIFE. Tune your Dreams, for you are the composer of the tracks of your life. Why do you wait? What are you scared of?
Warren Heiti, Hydrologos|He had never before realized the blessedness of silence - the freedom to be silent, rather, if one chose. He had never realized, somehow, that such blessedness might be his privilege. He was Doc Mc Coy, and Doc Mc Coy was born to the obligation of being one hell of a guy.
Laura Spinella, Perfect Timing|Genesis began with the Father losing His family. Revelation ends with Him getting them back. Is there nothing to be learned from this sad cycle? Truly, family is the legitimate theme of holy text.pg vi
Annie Fisher, The Greater Picture|For cities are museums of time, and to live in them is to be haunted by the places they once were. The waterways that existed before the skyscrapers and freeways are a vanished world that beacons to us. When we catch glimpses of them, the city disappears. Its too-known streets dissolve into unfathomable terrain. It becomes innocent again. We want to unmake the city. To regain a lost paradise.
Amanda Bouchet, Breath of Fire|He’s barely finished himself inside me when my release hits. My thighs tense. The breath stalls in my lungs, and then I kick back my head and let out the loudest, throatiest, and most breathless moan in the history of all history, going boneless in a blissful rush.	“Gods, I missed you,” Griffin rasps, holding me as I throb around him.The high-impact tremors fade into sweet, lingering aftershocks. I look up at him with heavy-lidded eyes. My lips part, but no words come out. Even the drag of frosty air over my kiss-swollen lips is almost too sensual to bear.Griffin quirks a dark eyebrow, looking smug. “That was easy.”	I grin, falling in love with him all over again. “Then do it again.
Akshay Vasu|I crawled over the mountain of death, Watching the corpses roll down like the stones. Searching for the light which everyone always spoke of. I fought the wolves and also the death, and knocked the door, which already had a thousand handprints, soaked with blood. The door opened finally and I saw the light, which hit me in the heart and pushed me down the steep. I fell into the never ending pit, watching others crawl up the mountain in the search of light.
Cat Cora|I have argued for years that we do not have a health care system in America. We have a disease-management system - one that depends on ruinously expensive drugs and surgeries that treat health conditions after they manifest rather than giving our citizens simple diet, lifestyle and therapeutic tools to keep them healthy.
Benjamin Alire Sáenz|Wow, a world without darkness. How beautiful was that?
Sunday Adelaja|We need to start rejoicing when the devil is mad, because he sees our blessing before we do
Debasish Mridha|Give yourself wherever you can, whenever you can. You will have more to give and share again and again.
Danny Mekić|People that say they have nothing to hide, can’t be trusted with your secrets.
Kanye West|Apparently, one in five people in the world are Chinese. And there are five people in my family, so it must be one of them. It's either my mum or my dad. Or my older brother, Colin. Or my younger brother, Ho-Chan-Chu. But I think it's Colin.
Angela Nissel, The Broke Diaries: The Completely True and Hilarious Misadventures of a Good Girl Gone Broke|(Regarding check-cashing places):It's hitting me how poor this really is: I'm standing in a long line to pay someone to give me my pay. So, technically, they get paid before I do, and it's my damn check.
Edward Bulwer-Lytton, A Strange Story|The itchy reality of these places is that they are no place at all, they are nowhere. There’s a sleeping monster in nowhere, and it is older and bigger than you, it is island-sized, and it has never known happiness. If you’re ever nowhere at all, and you do think about it, and you can hardly think about anything else, and you can hardly breathe, and oh, God, it is awake, it is that grand realisation which nobody can speak. Don’t speak it! What would you say?But all is not lost, because in our language we have this phrase. We never have to be nowhere at all, we only ever have to be in the middle of nowhere, which is a softer, funnier place to be. Do you see? The phrase makes nowhere a place, with boundaries and a centre, and if there are boundaries then you can leave this place, you can travel in any direction and “nowhere” will cease to be, and this whole experience will be something you can laugh about.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead|You ache with it all; and the more mysterious it is, the more you ache.
Michael A. Stackpole|Happiness is inward, and not outward; and so, it does not depend on what we have, but on what we are.
Susane Colasanti, Waiting for You|Information is a lot like water; it's hard to hold on to, and hard to keep from leaking away.
Debasish Mridha|If you want a bright future, ignite your desire filled action today.
J.R. Ward, Lover Avenged|You will always be special to someone. Unless you grow so old, everyone you knew went ahead
Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.|Don't flatter yourself that friendship authorizes you to say disagreeable things to your intimates. The nearer you come into relation with a person, the more necessary do tact and courtesy become. Except in cases of necessity, which are rare, leave your friend to learn unpleasant things from his enemies; they are ready enough to tell them.
Paige Turco|I learned at a very early age that life is a battle. My family was poor, my neighborhood was poor. The only way that I could get away from the awfulness of life, at that time, was at the movies. There I decided that my big aim was to make money. And it was there that I became a very determined woman.
Larry Brown, Dirty Work|Checking a box on a form for race—"Caucasian," "Hispanic," "African-American," "Native American," or "Asian-American"—is untenable and ridiculous. For one thing, "American" is not a race, so labels such as "Asian-American" and "African-American" are still exhibits of our confusion of culture and race. For another thing, how far back does one go in history? Native Americans are really Asians, if you go back more than twenty or thirty thousand years to before they crossed the Bering land bridge between Asia and America. And Asians, several hundred thousand years ago probably came out of Africa, so we should really replace "Native American" with "African-Asian-Native American." Finally, if the Out of Africa (single racial origin) theory holds true, then all modern humans are from Africa. (Cavalli-Sforza now thinks this may have been as recently as seventy thousand years ago.) Even if that theory gives way to the Candelabra (multiple racial origins) theory, ultimately all hominids came from Africa, and therefore everyone in America should simply check the box next to "African-American.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|By your practice of active listening, everyone involved benefits because you . . .•	are more engaged and engaging;•	demonstrate that you are interested in others and what they have to say;•	make others feel important, respected, understood, and appreciated; •	improve your memory and retention;•	affirm to others that you are an authentic, caring, and compassionate person;make a great first and last impression
Wayne Gerard Trotman, Veterans of the Psychic Wars|Dwell in the past, worry about the future and find misery in the present.
Thomas Edison|A man cannot be too careful in his choice of enemies. I have not got one who is a fool. They are all men of some intellectual power, and consequently they all appreciate me.
Olivia Culpo|It's good to feel attractive on the outside, but being smart and confident on the inside is what counts.
David Miller, AWOL on the Appalachian Trail|One of the drawbacks about adventures is that when you come to the most beautiful places you are often too anxious and hurried to appreciate them; so that Arvis (though she remembered them years later) had only a vague impression of gray lawns, quietly bubbling fountains, and the long black shadows of cypress trees.
Kody Keplinger, The DUFF: Designated Ugly Fat Friend|If I tell Dad he has a problem, he’ll think I hate him. How can I hurt him more? He just lost everything.”Wesley shook his head. “Not everything. He didn’t lose you,” he said. “At least not yet. If you don’t talk to him, he’ll just end up driving you away, and then he will be in far worse pain.
Eraldo Banovac|In the frame of a known phenomenon of life, a human could be defined as the only proven thinking creature.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Imperfection is my ticket, perfection is my pursuit.
Mozzie white collar|Fate has a way of putting in front of us, that wich we most try to leave behind.
Laurie Halse Anderson, Speak|In one universe, they are gorgeous, straight-teethed, long-legged, wrapped in designer fashions, and given sports cars on their sixteenth birthdays. Teacher smile at them and grade them on the curve. They know the first names of the staff. They are the Pride of the Trojans. Oops – I mean Pride of the Blue Devils.In Universe #2, they throw parties wild enough to attract college students. They worship the stink of Eau de Jocque. They rent beach houses in Cancún during Spring Break and get group-rate abortions before prom.
Efrat Cybulkiewicz|Divorce and separation, is the realization that, one of the two, no longer is growing his or her way to prosperity, next to that other person.
Zack Love, The Syrian Virgin|They truly embodied goodness and generosity – like angels sent to save me in my hour of greatest need. Mohammed had risked everything to keep a promise to my father. He and his family saved not only my life, but also my faith in others.
T.H. White, The Once and Future King|By and large, the mission of any ghost is to offer humility. They point out what's important by mocking what is not.(Joshua Malina, Sports Night)
Elon Musk|As a young boy growing up in rural India, most of what I knew of the world was what I could see around me. But each night, I would look at the Moon - it was impossibly far away, yet it held a special attraction because it allowed me to dream beyond my village and country, and think about the rest of the world and space.
Brian Eshleman|Safe in the sovereignty of the Godhead, we can count on the fact that WE, rather than just our friends, enemies, or circumstances, will be transformed.
Francis A. Schaeffer, Art & the Bible|In God's world the individual counts. Therefore, Christian art should deal with the individual.
Debasish Mridha|Life is so magical, mysterious, magnificent, and peaceful.
S.E. Jakes, Bound by Honor|It’s not the situation -the action that does matter, situations produce excuses, where the actions -the results.
Ted Agon, The Human Key Condensed|There is only "now". The better we make now the better our past and future "nows" will be.
Seann William Scott|I was a total athlete. I loved sports, but when I realized I wasn't going to be a professional athlete, I realized I wanted to be in movies.
D. H. Lawrence|Women prefer to talk in twos, while men prefer to talk in threes.
Gary "Gunz" Govich, Career Criminal: My Life in the Russian Mob Until the Day I Died|If Los Angeles is a woman reclining billboard model and the San Fernando Valley is her teenybopper sister, then New York is their cousin. Her hair is dyed autumn or aubergine or Egyptian henna, depending on her mood. Her skin is pale as frost and she wears beautiful Jil Sander suits and Prada pumps on which she walks faster than a speeding taxi (when it is caught in rush hour, that is). Her lips are some unlikely shade of copper or violet, courtesy of her local MAC drag queen makeup consultant.
Gerrit Komrij|Alles wat ik van het leven weet maakte ik me buiten de muren van de school eigen, en zodra ik me binnen die muren bevond leek het of ik achterwaarts leefde.
Joseph Heller, Catch-22|In sum, then a conservative tech writer offers a really attractive way of looking at viewer passivity and TV's institutionalization of irony, narcissism, nihilism, stasis. It's not our fault! It's outmoded technology's fault! If TV-dissemination were up to date, it would be impossible for it to "institutionalize" anything through its demonic "mass psychology"! Let's let Joe B., the little lonely guy, be his own manipulator or video-bits! Once all experience is finally reduced to marketable image, once the receiving user of user-friendly receivers can choose freely, Americanly, from an Americanly infinite variety of moving images hardly distinguishable from real-life images, and can then choose further just how he wishes to store, enhance, edit, recombine, and present those images to himself, in the privacy of his very own home and skull, TV's ironic, totalitarian grip on the American psychic cajones will be broken!"E Unibus Pluram: Television and U.S. Fiction" (The Review of Contemporary Fiction, 1993)
Jerrold Mundis|I heaved into being, came out of the stone, the bricks, and other elements, and took form. (Dark City Lights)
Sara Paretsky|I decided to move out of the apartment I was sharing with my best friend before graduation and move back home. My parents had recently separated, and I wanted to move back home with my mom and my siblings.
Roger Trinquier, Modern Warfare: A French View of Counterinsurgency|Warfare is now an interlocking system of actions—political, economic,psychological, military—that aims at the overthrow of the establishedauthority in a country and its replacement by another regime.
Isa Quintin, LadyKiller|Solamente esperaba a que mi piel fuera otra, una nueva. Otra para volver escribir sin ecos del pasado.
Sanford I. Weill|My mother was a first-grade teacher, so I credit her with this lifelong intellectual curiosity I have, and love of reading and learning.
Chloe Thurlow, Katie in Love|The quest of the alchemists to turn lead into gold is a metaphor for our attempts to turn the base metal of ourselves, that person hooked on consumerism, filled with angst and ambition, into the gold of what we can be and really are.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Mix•	Be situationally aware and pay attention to the people in the room. •	Introduce guests or help strike up a conversation. •	Be the one who takes the initiative and makes and effort to “work the room.”•	Make eye contact and acknowledge others with a smile and friendly gestures.•	Greet people as they arrive, even if it is not your expected role.•	Spot the people who may be first timers or guests and help them feel more welcomed and embraced.
Lemony Snicket, The Wide Window|For some stories, it's easy. The moral of 'The Three Bears,' for instance, is "Never break into someone else's house.' The moral of 'Snow White' is 'Never eat apples.' The moral of World War I is 'Never assassinate Archduke Ferdinand.
Hannah Blatchford|What came to me later in those dark, dreaming hours put paid to that though and as always my mind led me treacherously back to the bleak and inescapable truth.  There was no cure for what one had seen or done.
R. Buckminster Fuller|If you want to teach people a new way of thinking, don't bother trying to teach them. Instead, give them a tool, the use of which will lead to new ways of thinking.
Avi Steinberg, Running the Books: The Adventures of an Accidental Prison Librarian|I don't need no Smith and Wesson, man, I got Merriam and Webster.
David Foster Wallace, Both Flesh and Not: Essays|Trite though it (used to) sound, real sexuality is about our struggles to connect with one another, to erect bridges across the chasms that separate selves. Sexuality is, finally, about imagination. Thanks to brave people's recognition of AIDS as a fact of life, we are beginning to realize that highly charged sex can take place in all sorts of ways we'd forgotten or neglected—in a conversational nuance; in a body's posture, a certain pressure in a held hand. Sex can be everywhere we are, all the time.
Avina Celeste|Never stop being yourself. When you start faking who you are, you start lying to yourself. You can lie about who you are to the people around you, and they may even believe you, but when you lie to yourself something will always feel wrong. You can't fake who you are forever and eventually, you will wear yourself down. This doesn't mean that you must remain the way you are forever. You can change yourself with time and practice. You will feel the difference between true change and fake change. True change requires work. That work is worth it.
Benito Mussolini|My father wanted to be a hero. He went to the Air Force Academy, was valedictorian, and then he found himself strafing villagers in Vietnam in a war he didn't want to be in and didn't understand. He was extremely conflicted about the line where he went from being the good guy to possibly being the bad guy.
Shara McCallum|I am the woman at the water’s edge,offering you oranges for the peeling,knife glistening in the sun.This is the scent and tasteof my skin: citon and sweet.Touch me and your life will unfoldbefore you, easily as this skirtbillows then sinks,lapping against my legs, my toesfiltering through the rivers silt.Following the current out to sea,I am the kind of womanwho will come back to hauntyour dreams, move through yourhumid nights the way honeyswirls through a cup of hot tea
Tiffany L. Jackson, 12 Keys to Success for Misfits, Weirdos & Introverts: A Practical and Spiritual Guide to Understanding Your Place in the World|Pain will never lessen without forgiveness, it will only manifest as anger and harden into resentment or bitterness.
James J-Pierre|….In time, the Europeans brought in pigs and horses, both of which were allowed to run wild and multiply. Pigs in the wild soon became aggressive feral boars with tusks, eating everything in sight. Corn, which the Indians depended upon, was attacked and uprooted by the pigs before maturing, thus leaving the Indians without an important source of nourishment. Although pigs provided a necessary source of protein, they were also known to host worms and parasites, and spread viruses such as influenza. If undercooked, the meat could cause trichinosis infections that, depending upon the severity, could result in death in four to six weeks.The sailors returning to Europe brought with them tobacco and syphilis, both of which could be fatal. Syphilis is the gift that keeps on giving and soon spread throughout Europe and England. Unknown prior to the discovery of America, it became another blight on the European continent.Because of their close connection, many people were convinced that pigs were the carriers of Syphilis. Perhaps they were right…. .
Manal Al-Sharif, Daring to Drive: A Saudi Woman’s Awakening|It is an amazing contradiction: a society that frowns on a woman going out without a man; that forces you to use separate entrances for universities, banks, restaurants, and mosques; that divides restaurants with partitions so that unrelated males and females cannot sit together; that same society expects you to get into a car with a man who is not your relative, with a man who is a complete stranger, by yourself and have him take you somewhere inside a locked car, alone.
Terry Pratchett|The human face is the organic seat of beauty. It is the register of value in development, a record of Experience, whose legitimate office is to perfect the life, a legible language to those who will study it, of the majestic mistress, the soul.
Ernest Hemingway|It is by universal misunderstanding that all agree. For if, by ill luck, people understood each other, they would never agree.
Melissa Cutler, Tempted into Danger|He liked the sound of her voice, husky and low in a way that got him thinking about pinning her to the rock and setting his mouth to work on the hollow of her throat, proving to her which of them was in control. Then again, feelings didn't get much more out of control that his were at the moment.
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|Sometimes I just want to go in a room and break things and scream. Like, it’s so much pressure all the time and if you get upset or angry, people say, ‘Are you on the rag of something?’ And it’s like I want to say, ‘No. I’m just pissed off right now. Can’t I just be pissed off? How come that’s not okay for me?’ Like my dad will say, ‘I can’t talk to you when you’re hysterical.’ And I’m totally not being hysterical! I’m just mad. And he’s the one losing it. But then I feel embarrassed anyway. So I slap on that smile and pretend everything’s okay even though it’s not.
Gaston Bachelard|Defending the truth is not something one does out of a sense of duty or to allay guilt complexes, but is a reward in itself.
Edward Gorey, Floating Worlds: The Letters of Edward Gorey & Peter F. Neumeyer|There are moments when I think it will never end, that it will last indefinitely. It's like the rain. Here the rain, like everything else, suggests permanence and eternity. I say to myself: it's raining today and it's going to rain tomorrow and the next day, the next week and the next century.
Dada Bhagwan|The whole world can be explained in just one sentence. ‘What is being discharged (visarjan) is old and what is being charged (sarjan) is new’. If someone is discharging bad behavior but at the same time, has learned from the ‘Gnani Purush’ [the enlightened one]; he would be charging a higher life form!
Bono, U2 by U2|For all that "I was lost, I am found," it is probably more accurate to say, "I was really lost, I'm a little less so at the moment.
Amani Al-Khatahtbeh, Muslim Girl: A Coming of Age Story|Mahatma Gandhi was as devout a Rambhakt as you can get — he died from a Hindu assassin’s bullet with the words “Hé Ram” on his lips — but he always said that for him, Ram and Rahim were the same deity, and that if Hinduism ever taught hatred of Islam or of non-Hindus, “it is doomed to destruction.
Charles Baudelaire|The mixture of the grotesque and the tragic is agreeable to the spirit, as are discords to the jaded ear.
Renzo Piano|I always consider the settlement of America with reverence and wonder, as the opening of a grand scene and design in providence, for the illumination of the ignorant and the emancipation of the slavish part of mankind all over the earth.
Robert A. Heinlein, Time Enough for Love|The most preposterous notion that Homo sapiens has ever dreamed up is that the Lord God of Creation, Shaper and Ruler of all the Universes, wants the saccharine adoration of His creatures, can be swayed by their prayers, and becomes petulant if He does not receive this flattery. Yet this absurd fantasy, without a shred of evidence to bolster it, pays all the expenses of the oldest, largest, and least productive industry in all history.
The Harvard Lampoon, Nightlight: A Parody|I was so attracted to him I could have peed myself right there on the spot, but I hadn't done anything like that in a while. I was older now, and harnessed my feelings in moments like these by opening and closing my fists very rapidly.
Terri Bertha, Spooky Twisties I: 13 Tales of Terror|But he doesn't see what's so great about leaving your mark on things. You have a life and then it ends and you're dead. Living it is the point, not proving to other people that you were there. The whole thing is really just water pouring down a plughole, but that's absolutely fine. Standing water gets stagnant.
Wayne Chirisa|Ineffective leadership, is the plight of followers who anoint power to the autocratic persons who's visions are not founded but are rather arbitrary in their nature.
Julie Klausner, I Don't Care About Your Band: Lessons Learned from Indie Rockers, Trust Funders, Pornographers, Felons, Faux-Sensitive Hipsters, and Other Guys I've Dated|Initially, the purveyors of racism need no more than the silent acquiescence of the public ... [I]t is never too soon to confront bigotry and racism whenever, wherever, and in whatever form it raises its ugly head. It is incumbent upon all people to confront even the slightest hint of racist thought or action with zero tolerance.
Philip Slee|...in order to achieve improved outcomes for families at risk, a paradigm shift is required so that unequal outcomes for families and children are seen as social injustices, rather than as products of individual dysfunction or deficit
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|Nature does not know of the challenges that face us. No matter what money difficulties we have, the sun will continue to shine. If it is health challenges we face, the grass will continue to grow. If a relationship is causing us grief, the ocean breeze will continue to blow. Taking a breathe away from our challenges, and recognizing the nature around us, can help open the door to our Divine nature and allow the healing to begin.
Thea Harrison, Spellbinder|He cupped her head with both hands. “You’re full of your own kind of magic, and it’s much more rare and beautiful than all the other spells around you. They are commonplace. You are unique.
Coco J. Ginger|You’re a mess, I confess, I despise you in the best kind of way.
Aleksandar Hemon, The Making of Zombie Wars|He drunkenly recognized that the lust was part of something bigger, of a craving to pursue pleasure unreasonably, beyond the right and wrong, to go as far as his body took him. In the body there is no absolute, or free, will, but the body is determined to desire this or that by a cause that is also determined by another, and this again by another, and so on to infinity.
Pope Francis, The Church of Mercy|The light of love proper to faith can illumine the question of our own time-concerning truth. Truth, nowadays, is often reduced to the subjective authenticity of the individual, valid only to the life of the individual. A common truth intimidates us, for we identify it with the intransigent demands of totalitarian systems. But if truth is a truth of love, if it is a truth disclosed in personal encounter with the Other and with others, then it can be set free from its enclosure in individuals and become part of the common good. As a truth of love, it is not one that can be imposed by force; it is not a truth that stifles the individual. Since it is born of love, it can penetrate to the heart, to the personal core of each man and woman. Clearly, then, faith is not intransigent but grows in respectful coexistences with others. One who believes may not be presumptuous; on the contrary, truth leads to humility, because believers know that, rather than ourselves possessing truth, it is truth that embraces and possesses us. Far from making us inflexible, the security of faith sets us on a journey; it enables witness and dialogue with all.
David Cameron|If I lift any weights, I do it more for explosion, but I really use my body weight to build up muscle and strength.
Shannon L. Alder|The existence of homosexuality, not as a circumstantial matter of passing sexual whim, but as a shared condition and identity, raises the intriguing possibility of homosexual culture, or at least of a minority subculture with sexual identity as its base. At the very least, by sympathetic identification with cultural texts which appeared to be affirmative, homosexual people saw a way to shore up their self-respect in the face of constant moral attack, and they found materials with which to justify themselves not only to each other but also to those who found their very existence, let alone their behaviour, unjustifiable.
Junot Díaz, This Is How You Lose Her|He whistles. Que viva Colombia. Hands you back the Book. You really should write the cheater's guide to love.You think?I do. It takes a while. You see the tall girl. You go to more doctors. You celebrate Arlenny's Ph.D defense. And then one June night you scribble the ex's name and: The half-life of love is forever. You bust out a couple more things. Then you put your head down. The next day you look at the new pages. For once you don't want to burn them or give up writing forever. It's a start, you say to the room. That's about it. In the months that follow you bend to the work, because it feels like hope, like grace—and because you know in your lying cheater's heart that sometimes a start is all we ever get.
Margaret Atwood, Procedures For Underground|with shrunken fingerswe ate our oranges and bread,shivering in the parked car;though we know we had neverbeen there before,we knew we had been there before.
Matthew Jobin, The Nethergrim|We were made for God. Only by being in some respect like Him, only by being a manifestation of His beauty, lovingkindness, wisdom or goodness, has any earthly Beloved excited our love.
J. Sheridan Le Fanu, Uncle Silas|In my time first cousins did not meet like strangers. But we are learning modesty from the Americans, and old English ways are too gross for us.
J. Ligon Duncan III, Does Grace Grow Best in Winter?|If we want to benefit most from our suffering, by prayer and meditation, we will approach our suffering as a good soldier approaches war. What do I mean by that? A good soldier who has trained and trained is not surprised when he fins himself in war! He has been trained for it. Likewise, consider it your Job to be be prepared to suffer. That puts a whole different cast on Sunday morning, doesn't it? You are gathering with God's people Lord's Day after Lord's Day to train as good soldiers of Jesus Christ so that when your time of trial and testing sand suffering comes, you will be ready.
Sydney Brenner|I do think that VA, as the largest employer of nurses and the largest health system in the country, often does become a place where we can demonstrate advances in medical practice.
Donald Trump|For me, I try and be authentic in my choices and follow my instincts, and I think it's a valuable message for women in today's society to learn to love yourself.
John Capecci and Timothy Cage, Living Proof: Telling Your Story to Make a Difference|Life is an intricate play with actors waiting for an explanation. Each added act confers a new interpretation of the story. ( "Waiting for the pieces to fall into place" )
Mark Kurlansky, Nonviolence: Twenty-Five Lessons from the History of a Dangerous Idea|It is always easier to promote war than peace, easier to end the peace than end the war, because peace is fragile and war is durable.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|When emotions are long held and extremely complex, it sometimes takes years for them to enter fully into awareness.
Richard Paul Evans, The Mistletoe Secret|The study showed that chronic loneliness impacts out bodies as negatively as smoking two packs of cigarettes a day. Not the same way, of course, just the life risk part. And there's more bad news. The article went on to say that lonely people had worse reactions to flu shots that non-lonelies (I think I just made up that word; my computer put a red squiggly line under it) and that loneliness depresses the immune system. On other words, if you're lonely, not even your body wants to be around you, so it tries to off itself.
Amy Ewing|And you are with us and one of us, and we are the people of the moon and the stars.
Seth Grahame-Smith|The bottom half of the page had descended into a doodle of a tiny man giving the middle finger to a giant, angry eagle with razor-sharp talons. Beneath it, the caption: To Mock a Killing Bird.
Robin Bielman, His Million Dollar Risk|In third period Math, we were forced to sit in alphabetical order. Which put me right behind Logan, who was throwing all those passes to Aiden in the scrimmage. He took off his navy blazer and when he leaned forward to write, I could see muscles bulging across his back and shoulders. I can already tell Math is going to suck, but at least I’ll have a nice view.It’s like what Grandpa always says about real estate. Location, location, location.
Arthur Rubinstein|But now I have come to believe that the whole world is an enigma, a harmless enigma that is made terrible by our own mad attempt to interpret it as though it had an underlying truth.
Jostein Gaarder, The Solitaire Mystery|If just one of [those people] experiences life as a crazy adventure--and I mean that he, or she, experiences this every single day... Then he or she is a joker in a pack of cards.
S.A. Tawks, Misadventurous|Besides the gifts, the only thing that gave the headstones colour were the memories family and friends had of the people they represented.
J.D. Vance, Hillbilly Elegy: A Memoir of a Family and Culture in Crisis|A young man was sitting at home when a terrible rainstorm began. Within hours, the man’s house began to flood, and someone came to his door offering a ride to higher ground. The man declined, saying, 'God will take care of me.' A few hours later, as the waters engulfed the first floor of the man’s home, a boat passed by, and the captain offered to take the man to safety. The man declined, saying, 'God will take care of me.' A few hours after that, as the man waited on his roof—his entire home flooded—a helicopter flew by, and the pilot offered transportation to dry land. Again the man declined, telling the pilot that God would care for him. Soon thereafter, the waters overcame the man, and as he stood before God in heaven, he protested his fate: 'You promised that you’d help me so long as I was faithful.' God replied, 'I sent you a car, a boat, and a helicopter. Your death is your own fault.' God helps those who help themselves.
Friedrich Nietzsche, The Gay Science|Faith is always coveted most and needed most urgently where will is lacking; for will, as the affect of command, is the decisive sign of sovereignty and strength. In other words, the less one knows how to command, the more urgently one covets someone who commands, who commands severely—a god, prince, class, physician, father confessor, dogma, or party conscience. From this one might perhaps gather that the two world religions, Buddhism and Christianity, may have owed their origin and above all their sudden spread to a tremendous collapse and disease of the will. And that is what actually happened: both religions encountered a situation in which the will had become diseased, giving rise to a demand that had become utterly desperate for some "thou shalt." Both religions taught fanaticism in ages in which the will had become exhausted, and thus they offered innumerable people some support, a new possibility of willing, some delight in willing. For fanaticism is the only "strength of the will" that even the weak and insecure can be brought to attain, being a sort of hypnotism of the whole system of the senses and the intellect for the benefit of an excessive nourishment (hypertrophy) of a single point of view and feeling that henceforth becomes dominant— which the Christian calls his faith. Once a human being reaches the fundamental conviction that he must be commanded, he becomes "a believer."Conversely, one could conceive of such a pleasure and power of self-determination, such a freedom of the will [ This conception of "freedom of the will" ( alias, autonomy) does not involve any belief in what Nietzsche called "the superstition of free will" in section 345 ( alias, the exemption of human actions from an otherwise universal determinism).] that the spirit would take leave of all faith and every wish for certainty, being practiced in maintaining himself on insubstantial ropes and possibilities and dancing even near abysses. Such a spirit would be the free spirit par excellence.
Albert Camus|To be knowledgeable, learn new things every day; to be wise, unlearn things that you learn with wit and love.
Yael Shahar, A Damaged Mirror: A story of memory and redemption|There is a continuity in our lives—a strain of music that flows through it all, unaltered by death or pain. It is true that in the face of pain and death, we are very small. But in the face of life and memory and love, even death is very small.
Jessica Zafra|Why do people put off travel until retirement? What are they saving it for? I understand that people want to be financially secure first, and pay off pension plans, but why consign the most active years of your life to drudgery? Why would you sacrifice today's freedom for a future that will always remain uncertain, no matter how carefully you plan for it? I'm not saying that everyone sitting in an office right this minute should drop everything and take off for Central Europe. I'm saying that if you want to see the world, plan for it and do it as soon as possible. The experience will give you the inspiration and fortitude you need to survive being a grown up.
Thomas Fuller|Friendship, like credit, is highest when it is not used.
Mark R. Levin, Ameritopia: The Unmaking of America|We tell you, tapping on our brows,The story as it should be,As if the story of a houseWere told or ever could be.
Tom Hodgkinson|Janx Spirit : Janx Spirit is a rather potent alcoholic beverage, and is used heavily in drinking games that are played in the hyperspace ports that serve the madranite mining belts in the star system of Orion Beta. The game is not unlike the Earth game called Indian Wrestling, and is played like this: Two contestants sit at either side of a table, with a glass in front of each of them. Between them would be placed a bottle of Janx Spirit — as immortalized in that ancient Orion mining song :“Oh don’t give me no more of that Old Janx SpiritNo, don’t you give me no more of that Old Janx SpiritFor my head will fly, my tongue will lie, my eyes will fry and I may dieWon’t you pour me one more of that sinful Old Janx Spirit”Each of the two contestants would then concentrate their will on the bottle and attempt to tip it and pour spirit into the glass of his opponent – who would then have to drink it. The bottle would then be refilled. The game would be played again. And again. Once you started to lose you would probably keep losing, because one of the effects of Janx spirit is to depress telepsychic power. As soon as a predetermined quantity had been consumed, the final loser would have to perform a forfeit, which was usually obscenely biological.
Adrienne Rich|Truthfulness, honor, is not something which springs ablaze of itself; it has to be created between people. This is true in political situations. The quality and depth of the politics evolving from a group depends in large part on their understanding of honor. Much of what is narrowly termed "politics" seems to rest on a longing for certainty even at the cost of honesty, for an analysis which, once given, need not be re-examined…It isn't that to have an honorable relationship with you, I have to understand everything, or tell you everything at once, or that I can know, beforehand, everything I need to tell you. It means that most of the time I am eager, longing for the possibility of telling you. That these possibilities may seem frightening, but not destructive to me. That I feel strong enough to hear your tentative and groping words. That we both know we are trying, all the time, to extend the possibilities of truth between us.
Fred Rogers, The World According to Mister Rogers: Important Things to Remember|It's very dramatic when two people come together to work something out. It's easy to take a gun and annihilate your opposition, but what is really exciting to me is to see people with differing views come together and finally respect each other.
Alejandro Jodorowsky, Psicomagia|Although really society should not change, it should mutate. And, little by little, it is mutating...... Society is like the body of a chicken: the chicken's foot is hard and insensitive while the eye is very alive. And there are beings who embody the cells of the eyes and others who embody the cells of the feet, of the wings, or of the anus.
Chris Evans|I'm friends with a lot of my exes, but it took time. We didn't just get into it. I don't think you can be friends until you're cool with them dating someone else. That's when you know.
Tom  Turner, British Gardens: History, Philosophy and Design|Feeling a little grumpy, Melvin decided he would no longer take a bath ever again. Therefore, with that in mind, he marched off into the woods.
Julia Quinn, The Duke and I|There were rules among friends, commandments, really, and the most important one was Thou Shalt Not Lust After Thy Friend's Sister.
Sena Jeter Naslund, Four Spirits|What is humor?' one of their professors had posed, and he had answered, ''nondangerous, unexpectedly inappropriate juxtaposition.
Eberhard Jüngel, God as the Mystery of the World: On the Foundation of the Theology of the Crucified One in the Dispute Between Theism and Atheism|If books can transform, those have to be conscientious.
Tom Rachman, The Imperfectionists|The newspapers! Sir, they are the most villainous — licentious — abominable — infernal — Not that I ever read them — no — I make it a rule never to look into a newspaper.
Conrad Aiken, Blue Voyage|It is precisely the sort of thing I am always trying to do in my writing – to present my unhappy reader with a wide-ranged chaos – of actions and reactions, thoughts, memories and feelings – in the vain hope that at the end he will see that the whole thing represents only one moment, one feeling, one person. A raging, trumpeting jungle of associations, and then I announce at the end of it, with a gesture of despair, 'This is I!
Paul Hoffman, The Left Hand of God|t was once famously said that it is as well that wars are so ruinously expensive, else we would never stop fighting them. However well said, it seems also to be endlessly forgotten that, while there may be just wars and unjust wars, there are never any cheap wars.
Travis Bradberry|I love acting. It's my playground, it let's me explore. But my happiness in this world - my level of peace - is never going to be dictated by acting.
Guy Mankowski, How I Left the National Grid: A post-punk novel|The suprematist must have a superior knowledge of understanding. With out that, their art is powerless
Betsy Cornwell, Mechanica|When your heart is broken, it’s easier to follow rules
Josephine Angelini, Starcrossed|Never say never,” he said urgently, rolling back on top of her and using all of his unusually heavy mass to press her deep into the cocoon of her little girl bed. “The gods love to toy with people who use absolutes.
Wordions|Sometimes, when I am sad,I am not sad for myself.I am sad for the world, I am sad to see where we are going.I am sad to see how we can smile by making someone else sad.I am sad to see how we havekilled our conscience and keep toying with emotionsI am sad to see how people are confusing selfishness with self love.I am sad to see how we have come toa stage where we trust strangers more than friends.Let's fix this, Let's open our heartsLet's listen to them, let's do our bit.
Raymond D. Longoria Jr.|An abundance of thinking leads to me, me, me.An abundance of Thanking leads to YOU, YOU, YOU!
David Chipperfield|When our son's autism was diagnosed at the age of 2, there was no clear prognosis. We didn't even know if he'd ever learn to talk. But we found talented people to work with him and he improved, slowly at first and then more rapidly.
Avijeet Das|Whenever they met, the air crackled and sparks flew in the sky.
Lewis N. Roe, From A To Theta: Taking The Tricky Subject Of Religion And Explaining Why It Makes Sense In A Way We Can All Understand|To be good, is to be like God. Our purpose in life is to try and reach that standard. We will always fall short, but in our lifetime if we try our best to make a world where everyone is treated equally with respect, empathy, and compassion, the big payoff is that we will be rewarded with that exact thing in Heaven.
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|Idris had been green and gold and russet in the autumn, when Clary had first been there. It had a stark grandeur in the winter: the mountains rose in the distance, capped white with snow, and the trees along the side of the road that led back to Alicante from the lake were stripped bare, their leafless branches making lace-like patterns against the bright sky.Sometimes Jace would slow the horse to point out the manor houses of the richer Shadowhunter families, hidden from the road when the trees were full but revealed now. She felt his shoulders tense as they passed one that nearly melded with the forest around it: it had clearly been burned and rebuilt. Some of the stones still bore the black marks of smoke and fire. “The Blackthorn manor,” he said. “Which means that around this bend in the road is …” He paused as Wayfarer summited a small hill, and reined him in so they could look down to where the road split in two. One direction led back toward Alicante — Clary could see the demon towers in the distance — while the other curled down toward a large building of mellow golden stone, surrounded by a low wall. “ … the Herondale manor,” Jace finished.The wind picked up; icy, it ruffled Jace’s hair. Clary had her hood up, but he was bare-headed and bare-handed, having said he hated wearing gloves when horseback riding. He liked to feel the reins in his hands. “Did you want to go and look at it?” she asked.His breath came out in a white cloud. “I’m not sure.
Craig Venter|I have voted against only one of President Obama's nominees: Michael Froman, a Citigroup alumnus who is currently storming the halls of Congress as U.S. Trade Representative pushing trade deals that threaten to undermine financial regulation, workers' rights, and environmental protections.
Adriana Locke, Switch|Learn to love mornings! Everyday is a fresh start. You've a lot to look forward to. Your whole life is in front of you. You can get up everyday and decide what you're going to accomplish, what goals you're going to work towards. Think about that. Every morning is an opportunity to change what you aren't happy with.
Leila Aboulela, Minaret|Dorian’s going to love this.”She glared. “I swear to God, you tell him, and I’ll” — what the hell could you threaten an alpha with?—“I’ll tell Hawke you want to go on daily bonding runs with him.
Rick Riordan|If you run from me, I will chase you, and I'll find you....
Karen DeCrow|Generally, I love traveling because it's great to see new places.
Eleanor Brownn|Isn't it weird the way you remember things, when someone's gone?
Benjamin Alire Sáenz, Last Night I Sang to the Monster|And, to be honest, if weed is a gateway drug, then I really did hop the fence, but sometimes I can’t help but miss the sticky-sweet warmth of a good old fashioned hot box.
Rebecca Tope, A Cotswold Ordeal|We all want to hear the truth, but we also a Speak that Always?
Chuck Palahniuk, Survivor|There are only patterns, patterns on top of patterns, patterns that affect other patterns. Patterns hidden by patterns. Patterns within patterns. If you watch close, history does nothing but repeat itself. What we call chaos is just patterns we haven't recognized. What we call random is just patterns we can't decipher. what we can't understand we call nonsense. What we can't read we call gibberish.There is no free will. There are no variables.
Oscar Wilde|We know only too well that what we are doing is nothing more than a drop in the ocean. But if the drop were not there, the ocean would be missing something.
Leo Tolstoy|We are shocked by thieves taking pride in their clever touch, prostitutes in their depravity and murderers in their callousness. But it is shocking only because the atmosphere of the circles they move in is restricted, and - what matters most - we are on the outside. But isn't the same thing happening when rich men take pride in their wealth (which is theft), military commanders in their victories (which are murder) and rulers in their power (which is violence)? We do not see them as people who corrupt the concept of life, or good and evil, in order to justify their own situation, but only because the circles of people who share these corrupt concepts are wider, and we belong to them.
James A. Murphy, The Waves of Life Quotes and Daily Meditations|Faith is about going through hell, coming out with some scars, and becoming a wiser person from the lessons you’ve learned along the way. You must take the scars of your past and appreciate them for what they have taught you. You also have to take the scars, the lessons of your past and not let them control your future….
Simon Fuller|Dreams from 1991 are becoming reality. We will build good relations between nations and people. We will strive towards mutual respect and equality of every individual, sex, race and national or any other minority.
Victoria Osteen|Hope smiles from the threshold of the year to come, whispering, 'It will be happier.'
Mitch Albom, The Magic Strings of Frankie Presto|You Tavi,” he answered her, putting her mind to rest. “You’re his legacy, everything he was, he taught you, passed himself on through you in a father daughter bond. He was very proud of the young woman you’ve become, and he loved you greatly, he will always live on in your heart. And one day you’ll pass on some of what he taught you to others, then he’ll continue to live on through them too, that way he’ll never be forgotten or truly gone. Every day something you do will remind you of him and you’ll remember him with love and affection, that’s a great legacy to leave behind Tavi.
Israelmore Ayivor|Virtues are common, but the virtuous are very few. This is because ordinarily, people know but do not apply what they know. To break the culture, look for more information; learn more and apply more. This is wisdom.
Gustave Flaubert, Madame Bovary|One's duty is to feel what is great, cherish the beautiful, and not accept all the conventions of society with the ignominy that it imposes upon us.
Purushothaman Kollam|When I was in Darkness,I could find my Fullness
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|It is beyond my human strength. So, I depend on divine power.
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|When we look at things differently, things look different.
Cate Blanchett|I can honestly say, after talking about my mom passing away, I got the biggest weight off of my chest. Comedy is my therapy. That's how I deal with my problems, my personal battles. I talk about it. I give it to my fans. When they laugh at it, it's a release, for lack of a better word.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Success is likened to a deep pit, you have to jump in to get it, then you'll need a ladder of grace to climb out to enjoy it.
Brad McKinniss, Beast Machine|A candle without a spark, a sky without a sun, the look people get when they cease to be people, start being bodies.
Joel Salatin|There are realities we all share, regardless of our nationality, language, or individual tastes. As we need food, so do we need emotional nourishment: love, kindness, appreciation, and support from others.
Alyssa Day, Atlantis Unleashed|Yet where Denal had prayed to Poseidon for death, Alaric was praying to the same god for life.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Much of human behavior can be explained by watching the wild beasts around us. They are constantly teaching us things about ourselves and the way of the universe, but most people are too blind to watch and listen.
Jojo Moyes, Me Before You|The thing about being catapulted into a whole new life--or at least, shoved up so hard against someone else's life that you might as well have your face pressed against their window--is that it forces you to rethink your idea of who you are. Or how you might seem to other people.
Agatha Christie, The Clocks|Yeah, it's a kodak moment. Quick, take a picture.Sarah scoffs. I stick my tongue out at her.
Clarissa Pinkola Estés|To lose focus means to lose energy. The absolutely wrong thing to attempt when we've lost focus is to rush about struggling to pack it all back together again. Rushing is not the thing to do... Patience, peace and rocking renew ideas. Just holding the idea and the patience to rock it are what some women might call a luxury. Wild Woman says it is a necessity... Take the idea and rock it to and fro. Keep some of it and throw some away, and it will renew itself. You need do no more.
Gudjon Bergmann, Living in the Spirit of Yoga: Take Yoga Off the Mat and Into Your Everyday Life|On the occasion of yoga day, I want to offer you the simplest form of yoga: Namaskar - Yoga for all.
Ilchi Lee, Calligraphic Meditation for Everyday Happiness|Don’t be confined by the self you have experienced, the self you know. Going beyond what you know and what you have experienced, challenge your brain with new questions and give it new tasks—then it will begin to manifest infinite creativity.
Jeremy Holmes, John Bowlby and Attachment Theory|So it is with grief where, if all goes well, can come a strengthening of the inner world, of memory and definition.
E M Bounds|To him who prays, and as he prays, the hour is sacred because it is God's hour
Richelle Mead, Succubus Blues|Well, that depends, I suppose. I heard someone once say that men dance the same way they have sex. So, if you want everyone here to think you're the kind of guy who just sits around and—" He stood up. "Let's dance.
P.K. Shaw|Frankly, I even worried about the fact that I was so worried. Worrying about the strength of my faith—how it stood up to others'—didn’t seem to be a healthy sign. I mean, didn't worrying about faith defeat the whole point of faith? Weren't we supposed to just "let go and let God"? I didn't "let go and let God" very well. I worried about that.
Ray Bradbury|Why can’t you remember your Shakespeare and forget the third-raters. You’ll find what you’re trying to say in him- as you’ll find everything else worth saying. 'We are such stuff as dreams are made on, and our little life is rounded with sleep.''- 'Fine! That’s beautiful. But I wasn’t trying to say that. We are such stuff as manure is made on, so let’s drink up and forget it. That’s more my idea.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Give it a little more trial, a little more risk, a little more pushing up and a little more stretching out. Stretch it more and let all your ideal length be seen. Your maximum self can only be known if you stretch hard till you can't do it any longer!
Andrew Sheng|Too large a proportion of recent "mathematical" economics are mere concoctions, as imprecise as the initial assumptions they rest on, which allow the author to lose sight of the complexities and interdependencies of the real world in a maze of pretentious and unhelpful symbols.
Julie Kagawa, Talon|I doona understand them," Ryder said as he stopped beside Laith. "Doona get me wrong. I love the feel of a woman's thighs around me, but to be bound to a single woman for eternity?" Ryder shuddered. "It's no' for me. Human or Fae.
Jennifer Niven, American Blonde|I thought of the pieces of me I'd left behind, a piece here, a piece there, scattered like bread crumbs. How much of me was left?
Seyyed Hossein Nasr, Science  Civilization in Islam|All spiritual techniques seek to awaken fallen man from the dream in which he lives : he dreams continuously of individual state of being, and of the many forms through which the external world presents itself to him; he builds for himself a paradise of illusions, so as to forget the absence of God. To recover the vision of the spiritual world, the soul of man must "die" to this dream, this ceaseless flow of images which fallen man regards as normal, everyday state of his consciousness.
Michael J. Sullivan, Age of Myth|I wasn't trying to reach England. or Paris. I thought that if I made the broadcast powerful enough, my brother would hear me. That I could bring him some peace, protect him as he had always protected me." You'd play your brother's own voice to him? After he died?""And Debussy." Did he ever talk back?" The attic ticks. What ghosts sidle along the walls right now, trying to overhear? She can almost taste her great-uncle's fright in the air. "No," he says. "He never did.
Betty White, If You Ask Me|Animals are such agreeable friends―they ask no questions, they pass no criticisms.
Sean Kennedy, Tigers and Devils|I deserved to find pleasure that surpassed my imagination, better than any I had experienced.
Jean Paul|I always knew that St. Jude was an amazing organization but meeting the kids and seeing how the hospital works first hand was truly beautiful. It doesn't feel like a regular hospital all dreary and sad. It's a colorful, beautiful, comfortable, fun place to live and the energy is wonderful.
Huxley, Aldous, Brave New World|And if ever, by some unlucky chance, anything unpleasant should somehow happen, why, there's always soma to give you a holiday from the facts. And there's always soma to calm your anger, to reconcile you to your enemies, to make you patient and long-suffering. In the past you could only accomplish these things by making a great effort and after years of hard moral training. Now, you swallow two or three half-gramme tablets, and there you are. Anybody can be virtuous now. You can carry at least half your morality about in a bottle. Christianity without tears–that's what soma is.
Sharon  Lee|It is culture that is the bully."
Oscar Wilde, The Importance of Being Earnest|It took a lot of work to be perfect. If you didn’t want to break a sweat, there was no point in even bothering.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|In the morning, people have a plan for that day. Hardworking people think of what they will do during the day, and idle people on what they should do.
H.S. Crow|The elasticity of our dreams can take us to unspoken worlds, but our innate horror of the unknown is what weighs us down. Fight it.Travel to the isolated coils of smoldering dust trapped in our dusky sky or explore the unseen timeless vibration of dancing particles that fashions existence. Whatever choice you make can change your life forever. The same applies to a story. Words are the atoms of a tale, and together they compose a universe.
Linda Howard, Kill and Tell|Death isn't peaceful; it is just nothing. Everything is gone. No more sunrises, no more hopes, no more fears. Nothing.
Christine M. Korsgaard, Creating the Kingdom of Ends|Man cannot bear to be in the wrong. As soon as he feels guilt or remorse, he bends his ethics to suit himself. Actions do not flow from ethics, but ethics from actions, and it is by refining our actions that we refine our ethics.
Vishal Chipkar, Enter Heaven|Most of the Mefditations Centres make you becomethe victim of Schizophrenic, which is the mental disorder of hallucinating.
Jack Ma|There's something so romantic about being broke in New York. You gotta do it. You have to live there once without any money, and then you have to live there when you have money. Let me tell you, of the two, the latter is far better.
Harper Bliss, Close Enough|Nat realised they had a lot of talking to do, but she did question Isabella’s timing. In her experience, matters of the heart should not be discussed when one party had a silicone cock strapped to their waist while the other's mouth went dry at the thought of it entering her.
Bediüzzaman Said Nursî|Do what you do only for God's sake, start for God's sake, work for God's sake, and act within the sphere of God's good approval.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann, From Poet's Hand|Love is the true wealth, which can do entirely without wealth.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Gratitude is the best food and fuel to start anything that you need to do - it will nourish and sustain you...and others too. Hankering will leave you hungry - or with with heart, head or belly ache - and tends to have or leave a sour or bitter taste too.
Amanda  Carlson, Struck|Yes," he replied. "We are --- how do you say on Midgard -- between a hard place and tree.
Thomas Carlyle|I'm very confident that Nick Hornby always gets it right as a writer. He has the vernacular and passion. He is adroit and dry, and balances humor with the humanity of life.
Emma Donoghue, Slammerkin|For some people, she thought, trials were only temporary; they sailed towards happiness through the roughest weather.
Shaye Evans|City of memories, city of mirrors.
Alex Soojung-Kim Pang|Each little update - each individual bit of social information - is insignificant on its own, even supremely mundane. But taken together, over time, the little snippets coalesce into a surprisingly sophisticated portrait of your friends’ and family members’ lives, like thousands of dots making a pointillist painting.
Robert Tew|Never place your happiness in someone else's hands because if they walk away, so does your happiness.
Gary DePaul, Nine Practices of 21st Century Leadership: A Guide for Inspiring Creativity, Innovation, and Engagement|Coachable people seek out those who speak truth to them, even if it is a painful truth, because it protects them and it makes them a better person and leader.
John Scalzi, Old Man's War|For as much as I hate the cemetery, I’ve been grateful it’s here, too. I miss my wife. It’s easier to miss her at a cemetery, where she’s never been anything but dead, than to miss her in all the places where she was alive.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The great are like a rubber ball; the harder they hit the ground, the higher they rise.
Vera Wang|Contrary to popular opinion, the hustle is not a new dance step - it is an old business procedure.
Françoise Gilot, Life with Picasso|We mustn't be afraid of inventing anything...Everething there is in us exists in nature. After all, we're part of nature. If it resembles nature, that's fine. If it doesn't, what of it? When man wanted to invent something as useful as the human foot, he invented the wheel, which he used to transport himself and his burdens. The fact that the wheel doesn't have the slightest resemblance to the human foot is hardly a criticism of it.
Maralee McKee, Manners That Matter for Moms|Knowledge.Grace. True union with the divine. I find that sort of prayer so much more difficult than the other, because it requires an extreme emotional and spiritual vulnerability. It's frighting,because we're trained not to expose the weakest parts of ourselves, the things that cause us pain and shame and suffering. It's those same things that often block our access to God-- basically, we stand in our own way.
Sunday Adelaja|When we don’t see the value of a thing, we don’t put the protective edge.
Jim Davis|I am an enthusiast, but not a crank in the sense that I have some pet theories as to the proper construction of a flying machine. I wish to avail myself of all that is already known and then, if possible, add my mite to help on the future worker who will attain final success.
Marie Corelli|Curious that it is impossible for a man to be original without attracting around him a set of unoriginal minds, as though he were a honey-pot and they the flies!
Mehmet Murat ildan|By thinking continuously your past or your future, you kill your today which is the only substantial part of your life!
Melissa Bank, The Girls' Guide to Hunting and Fishing|You will say good-bye for all the right reasons. You're tired of living in wait for his apocalypse. You have your own fight on your hands, and though it's no bigger or more noble than his, it will require all of your energy.It's you who has to hold on to earth. You have to tighten your grip -- which means letting go of him.
Edith Pargeter, A Bloody Field by Shrewsbury|Well, do as you think best. That's every man's right and duty. But for me, I pledge you now I will not surrender one grain of my rights. What I took, I took and by God, I'll keep it, too. Take her home tomorrow, Archie, and never look back to watch what I do, for you know it before. I would not give him one knigh who had confided himself to me and none other, much less you. Only over my dead body," said Hotspur hardily, eye to eye with the friend he had made under Homildon Hill, "will King Henry ever claim you as his prisoner.
Michelle Geaney|Every person on the face of the earth makes mistakes, Lily. Every last one. We're all so human. Your mother made a terrible mistake, but she tried to fix it.''Good night,' I said, and rolled onto my side.'There is nothing perfect,' August said from the doorway. 'There is only life.
J. Sheridan Le Fanu, Carmilla|Although I felt very weak, I did not feel ill; and strength, one always fancies, is a thing that may be picked up when we please.
Octavio Paz, The Monkey Grammarian|Everyday you have a new chapter to write about your journey of life. As you write that chapter do it so well such that if others read it, you would still be proud of yourself.
Mango Wodzak|Everyone has it within their heart to be vegan, but each time they eat anything from an animal they deny that this is so, they deny that they have enough love in their hearts to show these animals mercy and free them from our tyranny.This is a blatant lie that they keep telling themselves, time and time again. They would rather argue that they don't care about animals and find excuses to justify and continue harming them, than acknowledge any 'sissy' ability they might have to feel compassion for them.What they don't understand is, that they hurt themselves by not acknowledging this latent ability within their hearts though, and with this they deny themselves love too, for what is given out always comes back multifold.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Water is soft, but can maneuver any obstacle; be shrewd, and be gentle, and you too will be able to do likewise.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|I have heard the hollow, shallow laughter of the world. I have heard the genuine laughter of the beaming young Christian. I know there is a difference.
Nadège Richards|That— we seemed to have decided without saying a word— might go a long way toward spoiling something that was special, and beautiful, by virtue of its strangeness and delicacy.
A.J. Flowers, Fallen to Grace|Gabriel drew the strength up his calves and thighs to spin himself in a dizzying turn. Most angels didn’t take the time to train their legs, but Gabriel wasn’t like most angels.
Riccardo Bruni, The Lion and the Rose|One thing that unites us all, one thing is universal among the human species; the anatomy. Big, small, fat, thin, colour or creed are irrelevant. Under the skin, under the flesh, we are one and the same. We desire the same things; love, money, power. All the things we can not have, not without cost.
Edith Sitwell|All day long you sit and sew,Stitch life down for fear it grow,Stitch life down for fear we guessAt the hidden ugliness.Dusty voice that throbs with heat,Hoping with your steel-thin beatTo put stitches in my mind,Make it tidy, make it kind,You shall not: I'll keep it freeThough you turn earth, sky and seaTo a patchwork quilt to keepYour mind snug and warm in sleep!
Sharon Olds, Stag's Leap: Poems|...when I thought he loved me, when I thought we were joined not just for breath’s time, but for the long continuance, the hard candies of femur and stone, the fastnesses.
DEB CALLETI|I remember the shift that occurred after Abby was born - there'd been the great big before, where dying grandparents and natural disasters on the news were sad but mostly distant concerns. But then I became a mother, and when that happens, you cross a line that makes all loss a crushing, personal matter.
Walter Pater, The Renaissance: Studies in Art and Poetry|Analysis goes a step farther still, and assures us that those impressions of the individual mind to which, for each one of us, experience dwindles down, are in perpetual flight; that each of them is limited by time, and that as time is infinitely divisible, each of them is infinitely divisible also; all that is actual in it being a single moment, gone while we try to apprehend it, of which it may ever be more truly said that it has ceased to be than that it is. To such a tremulous wisp constantly reforming itself on the stream, to a single sharp impression, with a sense in it, a relic more or less fleeting, of such moments gone by, what is real in our life fines itself down.
Evita Ochel|Whether it is in your work, or your relationships, or your food choices, or your interaction with any part of nature, or anything that you think, speak, or do, mindfulness has the power to align you with expressing your highest Self, for your personal and our collective highest good.Via mindfulness we can make the choices today, that will pre-pave the desired outcomes for all of our tomorrows. Via mindfulness we put ourselves in the flow of life, where life is no longer a series of "good" and "bad" moments, but about living with ease, contentment, wellbeing, and inner peace. Ultimately mindfulness requires action, with the first step being to make mindfulness a priority in your life.
Binoy Boban|Always stay young with your looks, your thoughts should speak your maturity
Werner Herzog|Your film is like your children. You might want a child with certain qualities, but you are never going to get the exact specification right. The film has a privilege to live its own life and develop its own character. To suppress this is dangerous. It is an approach that works the other way too: sometimes the footage has amazing qualities that you did not expect
Garry Crystal, Leaving London|Your problem is that you’re more like an empty book and you’re waiting on someone else to write your pages for you. For someone who doesn’t believe in fate, destiny and all that shit, you seem to spend an awful lot of time waiting for something to happen to you.
bell hooks, Talking Back: Thinking Feminist, Thinking Black|Feminist effort to end patriarchal domination should be of primary concern precisely because it insists on the eradication of exploitation and oppression in the family context and in all other intimate relationships. It is that political movement which most radically addresses the person – the personal – citing the need for the transformation of self, of relationships, so that we might be better able to act in a revolutionary manner, challenging and resisting domination, transforming the world outside the self.
William S. Burroughs, Junky|Junk turns the user into a plant. Plants do not feel pain since pain has no function in a stationary organism. Junk is a pain killer. A plant has no libido in the human or animal sense. Junk replaces the sex drive. Seeding is the sex of the plant and the function of opium is to delay seeding.Perhaps the intense discomfort of withdrawal is the transition from plant back to animal, from a painless, sexless, timeless state back to sex and pain and time, from death back to life.
Ruth Reichl|The smell of good bread baking, like the sound of lightly flowing water, is indescribable in its evocation of innocence and delight...[Breadmaking is] one of those almost hypnotic businesses, like a dance from some ancient ceremony. It leaves you filled with one of the world's sweetest smells... there is no chiropractic treatment, no Yoga exercise, no hour ofmeditation in a music-throbbing chapel. that will leave you emptier of bad thoughts than this homely ceremony of making bread.
Cyndi Lauper, Cyndi Lauper: A Memoir|All I want to convey to anyone who is suffering while they're young is that sometimes you get a reprieve when you're older. Maybe it's just your perception that changes, but somehow it eases up, because life ebbs and flows. When you're ebbing, maybe you're strengthening your perspective of the world. And when you're flowing, maybe you can use everything to create, to write, to sing, act, and eventually stand taller and see farther.
John C. Wright, Transhuman and Subhuman: Essays on Science Fiction and Awful Truth|On THE AMBER SPYGLASS:"If this plotline was a motorist, it would have been arrested for driving while intoxicated, if it had not perished in the horrible drunk accident where it went headlong over the cliff of the author's preachy message, tumbled down the rocky hillside, crashed, and burned.
Dr. Chitra Navada|When I was younger, I use to laugh at my mom when she was silly. Now that I'm older, I find myself just as silly as her. Thanks mom, for teaching us that even as adults, it's OK to be fun and enjoy life laughing. I now get to teach my nephews and stepdaughter the same thing.
Dillon Burroughs, Faith Acts: A Provocative Call to Live What You Believe|When God gives you a passion for a particular cause, there is a reason for it, and that reason is not to keep it to yourself. You are called to be a representative for those in need.
Deep Trivedi|Any feeling, emotion or impulse that originates from the 'mind' can never be suppressed.
John Burnside|To my way of thinking there's something wrong, or missing, with any person who hasn't got a soft spot in their heart for an animal of some kind. With most folks the dog stands highest as man's friend, then comes the horse, with others the cat is liked best as a pet, or a monkey is fussed over; but whatever kind of animal it is a person likes, it's all hunkydory so long as there's a place in the heart for one or a few of them.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|The government system we have now is set up just like that of Rome and is changing into a system I call Corpocracism (Babylon, United States). Corpocracism is a word derived from some entities of feudalism, democracy, capitalism, classism, and corporatism to form a government system into a dictatorship and police state. This system is being brought about by a group of people in our own government, corporations, financial institutions and foreign entities. It is an ideology of hypocrisy that is leading to an JerUSAlem (America) that will sale off every aspect of its nations people to be captive to foreign entities such as corporations, governments, lawyers, financial institutions, banks, individuals and groups of individuals.
Patrick Bryant, Hum A Radiant Sickness|Ego like bile over taste buds. Get it out or hold it in. It's the suspension will drive you nuts, churn your gut.
Charlotte Joko Beck|When I watch my mind and stay with my body, out of that comes some course of action.
Bob Massie|To modernize their sleeping habits, [Peter the Great] declared, 'Ladies and gentlemen of the court caught sleeping with their boots on will be instantly decapitated.
John Steinbeck, Tortilla Flat|The day here is a something without value, a mere torment suffered by living creatures as they await the night. Night is deliverance.
Robert Silverberg|If you give a man a fish, he'll eat for a day, but if you teach him to fish, he'll eat all the fish you might have caught for yourself.--Advice of Paul Slater, the evil mediator, to Suze
|No matter how difficult things get, never stop holding strong to your dreams; your time to shine is definitely coming.
Sunday Adelaja|God is able to really use a person, who puts all that he has got into his work, who works hard, sweating his guts out to the point of complete exhaustion, using the last of his strength
Ray Bradbury|I'd wrestled against the inner voice of my mother, the voice of caution, of duty, of fear of the unknown, the voice that said the world was dangerous and safety was always the first measure and that often confused pleasure with danger, the mother who had, when I'd moved to the city, sent me clippings about young women who were raped and murdered there, who elaborated on obscure perils and injuries that had never happened to her all her life, and who feared mistakes even when the consequences were minor. Why go to Paradise when the dishes aren't done? What if the dirty dishes clamor more loudly than Paradise?
Roderick MacKinnon|Surgical Anatomy is, to the student of medicine and surgery, the most essential branch of anatomical science, having reference more especially to an accurate knowledge of the more important regions, and consisting in the application of anatomy generally to the practice of surgery.
Lisa Schroeder, I Heart You, You Haunt Me|Come with me,' Mom says.To the library. Books and summertimego together.
N. Scott Momaday, House Made of Dawn|Everything from quarks to quasars, butterflies to brain cells, was created so that you and I might delight in the display of divine glory. We alone can glorify God by rejoicing in the beauty His creative handiwork and relishing the splendor of His-revelation in the Person and redemptive work of Jesus Christ.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|He is an atheist anyone who does not believe in my god and the wrath of god is upon him; I am in my right to meet that wrath on him," thunders the fanatic
Munindra Misra, Chants of Hindu Gods and Godesses in English Rhyme|From Brahma Puranब्राह्मीं च वैष्णवीं भद्रां, षड्-भुजां च चतुर्मुखीम्। त्रि-नेत्रां खड्ग-त्रिशूल-पद्म-चक्र-गदा-धराम्॥पीताम्बर-धरां देवीं, नानाऽलंकार-भूषिताम्। तेजः-पुञ्ज-धरीं श्रेष्ठां, ध्यायेद् बाल-कुमारिकाम्॥Meditate on youthful Brahmi* and Vaishnavi* surely,With six hands, four faces, three eyes gives safety,With sword, trident, lotus, wheel, globe, mace be,Greatest – yellow dressed, well decorated elegantly.
Terry Pratchett, Small Gods|Fear is a strange soil. It grows obedience like corn, which grow in straight lines to make weeding easier. But sometimes it grows the potatoes of defiance, which flourish underground.
Danny Gregory, The Creative License: Giving Yourself Permission to Be The Artist You Truly Are|Birds sing, wolves howl, crickets chirp. But why? Money? Fame? Record contracts? Endorsements? What's it all for? They do it because they're alive. They do it because life is about making things.
Chris Matakas, #Human: Learning To Live In Modern Times|Clouds of confusionrolled into illusionHe veils perversionforcing her coercionHer body he takeswhile she flies awayunbelievable, she's invisible
D.H. Lawrence, The Complete Poems|Nobody knows you.You don't know yourself.And I, who am half in love with you,What am I in love with?My own imaginings?
Jake Byrne, First and Goal: What Football Taught Me About Never Giving Up|In our society, we often tend to ignore what our bodies are telling us and instead are encouraged to medicate the symptoms with sleeping pills, stool softeners, a few beers, and a burrito. The problem with this approach is that whatever your body is trying to tell you gets lost beneath your attempts to cover it up.
Debasish Mridha|In my imagination, I can feel your presence. I can feel the warmth of your passionate hug. I can hear your sweet voice. I can hear the song of your beating heart.
Lia Davis, Winter Eve|He raised his hand to brush a stray hair from her face. Instead of dropping his hand, he slid it behind her neck and drew her closer. His earthy pine scent enveloped her. When his lips touched hers, she lost any hope of control.
Scroobius Pip|Danger, Danger running cold              Knowing but fearing just the same               Death comes and yet you don’t let go              Standing while it’s steel bands hold              Don’t walk. Don’t walk where light can not shine              You know the warning has been told              It comes for what is mine and I know it will be so.             Let go, it’s all there is that’s left. Let go your sin has no wrath.              Danger was Hell’s last request.               Let go it’s all there is that’s left. Let go your sin has no wrath.              Forgiveness wasn’t given yet. Not yet. Not yet.              No regrets. 		~ Dank Walker
Aleksandra Ninkovic|The rain turns lighter, turns to snow. And I have a sense that we have not yet arrived, that we are still reaching. For each other. For who we are meant to be.
Kevyn Aucoin|When there's that forgiveness present and compassion, it just helps you live so much easier.
Sam Houston|When I'm alone, I can sleep crossways in bed without an argument.
Noah Hawley, Before the Fall|In this way he used her as the North Star on a journey where you always want to go south. It was helpful, aligning himself in this way. It gave him something to tune to, like a violin to a piano.
Chesley Sullenberger|It is difficult to think of anything more important than providing the best education possible for our children. They will develop the next technologies, medical cures, and global industries, while mitigating their unintended effects, or they will fail to do these things and consign us all to oblivion.
Miranda July, No One Belongs Here More Than You|I walked down the hall and saw that [she] was sitting on the floor next to a chair. This is always a bad sign. It's a slippery slope, and it's best just to sit in chairs, to eat when hungry, to sleep and rise and work. But we have all been there. Chairs are for people, and you're not sure if you are one.
Cynthia Hand, Hallowed|I have spoken here of heavenly help, of angels dispatched to bless us in time of need. But when we speak of those who are instruments in the hand of God, we are reminded that not all angels are from the other side of the veil. Some of them we walk with and talk with—here, now, every day. Some of them reside in our own neighborhoods. Some of them gave birth to us, and in my case, one of them consented to marry me. Indeed heaven never seems closer than when we see the love of God manifested in the kindness and devotion of people so good and so pure that angelic is the only word that comes to mind.
Pope John Paul I, Illustrissimi: Letters from Pope John Paul I|The Christian should be characterized by an effort to see things in the best light; if it is true that the word Evangelos means good news, then Christian means happy man, spreader of happiness. 'Grim faces,' Saint Philip Neri used to say, 'are not made for the merry house of Paradise!
Friedrich Nietzsche|For art to exist, for any sort of aesthetic activity or perception to exist, a certain physiological precondition is indispensable: intoxication.
Jamie McGuire, Beautiful Disaster|You've lived in America for twenty years. Eat badly, damn it.
Priya Ardis, My Merlin Awakening|Plus, I happened to be a history nerd. Why else would I be interested in a guy born in the year 519?
Ernest O. Lawrence|I am mindful that scientific achievement is rooted in the past, is cultivated to full stature by many contemporaries and flourishes only in favorable environment. No individual is alone responsible for a single stepping stone along the path of progress, and where the path is smooth progress is most rapid. In my own work this has been particularly true.
Mark Christensen, Aloha|In the new century science will defeat famine, boredom, and the plague, but . . . vital knowledge will become so elevated that nobody will know how anything works. . . . the good news is that everybody will be empowered; the bad news is nobody will understand why.
Julia Quinn, An Offer From a Gentleman|He gave me a small, secretive smile, a smile that said he knew many things but couldn’t share them all at once.
Ashton Eaton|We climbed the stairs to the third floor, where Osama bin Laden died early in the morning of May 2, 2011.
Plato, The Republic|That's what education should be," I said, "the art of orientation. Educators should devise the simplest and most effective methods of turning minds around. It shouldn't be the art of implanting sight in the organ, but should proceed on the understanding that the organ already has the capacity, but is improperly aligned and isn't facing the right way.
Rafael Nadal|America has the best hand ever dealt to any country on this planet, ever. Yes, we have problems, but you travel around the world, you'll see we have it all.
Peter Diamandis|It used to be that the only ones with access to cutting-edge technology were top government labs, big companies and the ultra-rich. It was simply too expensive for the rest of us to afford.
John Rush, Entheogens and the Development of Culture: The Anthropology and Neurobiology of Ecstatic Experience|Obscenity is a function of culture - a function in the mathematical sense, I mean, its value changing with that of the variables on which it depends.
Anonymous|What we gain in the world, we lose in the world, forgotten in death. We must rather fancy what we brought into the world, for therein lives our story, our legend.
Mark Kirk|For me, the biggest thing with money has always been independence - just the biggest.
Matthew Quick, The Silver Linings Playbook|It is all for naught, if not for love.
ravi nawandhar|Love, simple word with brimming of blood.
Diana Gabaldon, Dragonfly in Amber|When you hold a child to your breast to nurse, the curve of the little head echoes exactly the curve of the breast it suckles, as though this new person truly mirrors the flesh from which it sprang.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby|i think one has to even abandon the phrase "ally" and understand that you are not helping someone in a particular struggle; the fight is yours.
Wallace Stevens|She felt about a love set as a painter does about his masterpiece; each ace serve was a form of brushwork to her, and her fantastically accurate shot-placing was certainly a study in composition.
Muriel Barbery, The Elegance of the Hedgehog|The tears in my pus-filled eyes became a thousand little crystals of ever color. Like stained-glass windows, I thought. God is with you today, Papi! In the midst of nature's monstrous elements, in the wind, the immenseness of the sea, the depth of the waves, the imposing green roof of the bush, you feel your own infinitesimal smallness, and perhaps it's here, without looking for Him, that you find God, that you touch Him with your finger. I had sensed Him at night during the thousands of hours I had spent buried alive in dank dungeons without a ray of sun; I touched Him today in a sun that would devour everything too weak to resist it. I touched God, I felt Him around me, inside me. He even whispered in my ear: "You will suffer; you will suffer more. But this time I am on your side. You will be free. You will, I promise you.
Mercedes Lackey, Magic's Pawn|The great love is gone. There are still little loves - friend to friend, brother to sister, student to teacher. Will you deny yourself comfort at the hearthfire of a cottage because you may no longer sit by the fireplace of a palace? Will you deny yourself to those who reach out to you in hopes of warming themselves at your hearthfire?
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|... none of them had it. They had no qualms about stealing, but they needed to be told. They liked to be told, and Viktor Chemmel liked to be the teller. It was a nice microcosm.
George Carlin|Have you ever noticed that anybody driving slower than you is an idiot, and anyone going faster than you is a maniac?
San Juan de la Cruz|The only permanent solution to your problems is to go inside and let go of the part of you that seems to have so many problems with reality. Once you do that, you'll be clear enough to deal with what's left.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If you surrender your life to God, you have joy of His presence.
Sayara St. Clair, Hurt Me, Heal Me|He paused, giving her a sweet smile of understanding. "You don't have to start with the crown jewels, you know. You could start with my lips then work your way down.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|We all want good friends - kind, respected, nice. The kind of people you want to introduce to your parents, other friends, pastor. But never underestimate the value of immoral friends - the ones that create the most precious memories you never will tell anyone else!
Chuck Klosterman, Sex, Drugs, and Cocoa Puffs: A Low Culture Manifesto|I once loved a girl who almost loved me, but not as much as she loved John Cusack.
Lori Foster, Jude's Law|Manners, boy. I'll beat them into you if I have to.
Judy Allen, Fantasy Encyclopedia|Few humans see fairies or hear their music, but many find fairy rings of dark grass, scattered with toadstools, left by their dancing feet.
Marla Gibbs|October is a fine and dangerous season in America. a wonderful time to begin anything at all. You go to college, and every course in the catalogue looks wonderful.
Beth Underdown, The Witchfinder's Sister|I will lay it out in black and white, and my tale will contain more truth than the great dead histories on my father's bookshelves. For they say what happened, but not what it was like. They say what happened, but they do not say why.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|I loved him because I knew him. Because I'd seen the man he truly was inside, and it never failed to amaze me. I loved him for his heart and his strength. For his endless compassion and his unbreakable spirit even in the face of everything he'd been trough. I loved him because he was the person I wanted to be, and I was a better person just trough the privilege of knowing him.
Pearl Zhu, Thinkingaire: 100 Game Changing Digital Mindsets to Compete for the Future|An excellence mind pursues perfecting, not perfection.
Zeena Schreck|In life we are separated by boundaries political, cultural, ethical, linguistical and psychical. But in death we are all united, for all afterlife is similarly unknown
Pearl Zhu, Digital Valley: Five Pearls of Wisdom to Make Profound Influence|You need a strategy to assume leadership, but only the character can sustain leaders as who they really are.
Anita Borg|The 'silk' in silkpunk refers not to a source of power, but to an entirely different, expressive technology language.
David Knopfler|Learning is a result of listening, which in turn leads to even better listening and attentiveness to the other person. In other words, to learn from the child, we must have empathy, and empathy grows as we learn.
Nikki Rowe|It's a nice feeling, Knowing, Someone lived easier Because I was alive.
Terry Pratchett, Going Postal|Granny Weatherwax had a primal snore. It had never been tamed. No one had ever had to sleep next to it, to curb its wilder excesses by means of a kick, a prod in the small of the back, or a pillow used as a bludgeon. It had had years in a lonely bedroom to perfect the knark, the graaah, and the gnoc, gnoc, gnoc unimpeded by the nudges, jabs, and occasional attempts at murder that usually moderate the snore impulse over time
Overstreet|I have my own particular sorrows, loves, delights; and you have yours. But sorrow, gladness, yearning, hope, love, belong to all of us, in all times and in all places. Music is the only means whereby we feel these emotions in their universality.
Alisa Hope Wagner|People can change their external lives with religion, but a lasting internal change only happens through a daily relationship with Jesus.
Lemony Snicket, The Penultimate Peril|There are some who say that you should forgive everyone, even the people whohave disappointed you immeasurably. There are others who say you should not forgive anyone, and should stomp off in a huff no matter how many times they apologize. Of these two philosophies, the second one is of course much more fun, but it can also grow exhausting to stomp off in a huff every time someone has disappointed you, as everyone disappoints everyone eventually, and one can’t stomp off in a huff every minute of the day.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|The barrier during self-improvement is not so much that we hate learning, rather we hate being taught. To learn entails that the knowledge was achieved on one's own accord - it feels great - but to be taught often leaves a feeling of inferiority. Thus it takes a bit of determination and a lot of humility in order for one to fully develop.
Frankie Boyle|For 3 million you could give everyone in Scotland a shovel, and we could dig a hole so deep we could hand her over to Satan in person. (on Margaret Thatcher)
Nadje Al-Ali, What Kind of Liberation?: Women and the Occupation of Iraq|Facing a deteriorating economy and a weakening hold over the populace, the Iraqi state under Saddam Hussein opted to revitalize tribal leaders and conservative practices as a means of stabilizing state power; those conservative practices were not an inherent feature of a predominantly Muslim country.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, Zaki's Save Me|Break up of some relation sometime don't just break connection between two person,for some one it can be disconnection with his soul.and the disconnect between body and soul its mean death of a person
Talib Kweli|You know, if you're a human and living on the planet, it doesn't matter what you do; you are not immune to the challenges, the trials, the difficulty. And that fact that I happen to be a coach and a minister and a spiritual teacher doesn't mean anything. I'm still human.
Joel Fuhrman|No pills, not even aspirin, and certainly no supplements ever enter my mouth - everything I need comes from my fish and vegetarian diet, which incorporates many different kinds of fruit and vegetables every week.
Charles de Secondat|Happy Days was a wonderful, wonderful experience and I would not have traded it for the world.
Anna Quindlen, Object Lessons|The beginning and the end are never really the journey of discovery for me. It is the middle that remains a puzzle until well into the writing. That's how life is most of the time, isn't it? You know where you are and where you hope to wind up. It's the getting there that's challenging.
Chuck Palahniuk|Television has its own award. It's called the Emmy. It's a good award. I like it. I have one. But you don't see movies like 'The King's Speech' win Oscars and then go to TV and qualify for Emmys. In documentaries, some networks have been able to game the system.
Ziad K. Abdelnour|People keep asking me ...How to instantly become a better writer? It’s simple: Use "power words" and see for yourself.
Guillermo del Toro, The Night Eternal|If you happen to be one of the people who has a split zygomaticus major muscle, where the lower part of it is tethered to the overlying skin, this will create a dimple in your cheek when you smile.
Martina Cole, Close|People only know what you tell them.And it was true.People gave out their whole life stories to anyone and everyone without a second's thought.Stand at a bus stop,sit in a strange pub,get banged up,and someone would always give you their life story.It was as if they were trying to prove they existed
Saoirse Ronan|I asked all of our recruiters to give me all resumes of prospective employees with their name, gender, place of origin, and age blacked out. This simple change shocked me, because I found myself interviewing different-looking candidates - even though I was 100% convinced that I was not being biased in my resume selection process.
Peter Watts, Blindsight|Humans can be anything you want, Only when alone.
Lewis Thomas, The Lives of a Cell: Notes of a Biology Watcher|It is hard to feel affection for something as totally impersonal as the atmosphere, and yet there it is, as much a part and product of life as wine and bread. Taken all in al, the sky is a miraculous achievement. It works, and for what it is designed to accomplish it is as infallible as anything in nature. I doubt whether any of us could think of a way to improve on it, beyond maybe shifting a local cloud from here to there on occasion. The word 'chance' does not serve to account well for structures of such magnificence...We should credit it for what it is: for sheer size and perfection of function, it is far and away the grandest product of collaboration in all of nature.It breathes for us, and it does another thing for our pleasure. Each day, millions of meteorites fall against the outer limits of the membrane and are burned to nothing by the friction. Without this shelter, our surface would long since have become the pounded powder of the moon. Even though our receptors are not sensitive enough to hear it, there is comfort in knowing the sound is there overhead, like the random noise of rain on the roof at night.
Sigizmund Krzhizhanovsky, Autobiography of a Corpse|The mist enveloped her form. She was lifted into it, then instantly dropped. Swiftly, the mist retreated to the window.It was gone. The old woman lay flat on her back, eyes open and staring; her mouth open, too, unprettily.That was the over-all effect - the utter lack of anything beautiful.("The Witch")
Matshona Dhliwayo|The strength to move forward when others stop, to keep going when others turn back, is the key to unlocking your greatest potential.
green-tea-rex|If you want confidence and don’t know how to get it, a really good way is to be confident in other people. When you walk into Starbucks, think, “damn, that barista’s hair is da bomb!” Or when you go to school, think, “my teacher is rocking that skirt!” When you start seeing everyone as being beautiful, at some point you realise that you’re everyone too.
Max McKeown, Adaptability: The Art of Winning in an Age of Uncertainty|Religion, too, is a weapon. What manner of weapon is religion when it becomes the government?
Charles Spurgeon|If you're not open, you're not transparent, you're still holding on to vaults of information, you're not going to build that trust.
Michelangelo Buonarroti|The sculpture is already complete within the marble block, before I start my work. It is already there, I just have to chisel away the superfluous material.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|By reading great stories, you will renew your mind.
Cindy Miles, Forevermore|It’s not an ordinary cash wash, Jake,” Jean smiled. “C’est très spécial... et il a un secret!”“I understood special and secret,” Jake said. “That’s about it.
The Bhagavad Gita|He extended his hand, and one by one, everyone put their hands on top of his as a show of unity.
Cole Ryan, Money: I Think We've Missed The Point|Here’s the thing: You can be materialistic and poor. You can also be content and rich. It has nothing to do with your income and it has everything to do with your heart. You don’t need to earn more money in order to be generous with your money. Some people use that as an excuse to be greedy. Jesus seemed to believe that the key to generosity wasn’t having more, but being content with what you already have.
Pat Frank, Hold Back The Night|I've been to the other side...You're dead there, too.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|In order to achieve anything,you must be brave enough to fail.
Helen Keller|Security is mostly a superstition. It does not exist in nature, nor do the children of men as a whole experience it. God Himself is not secure, having given man dominion over His works! Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure. The fearful are caught as often as the bold. Faith alone defends. Life is either a daring adventure or nothing. To keep our faces toward change and behave like free spirits in the presence of fate is strength undefeatable.
