Michael Faudet, Dirty Pretty Things|Unbutton, unzip, unclip, untie, undo, undress.”“Understood,” she replied.
Felix Wantang, God's Blueprint of the Holy Bible|Application does not guarantee citizenship; it is granted by the government. In Heaven, citizenship is granted only by Jesus Christ the ultimate judge. Matthew 7:15-23
Paula Stokes, The Art of Lainey|A cat never discusses his business with humans, not even Princesses. A cat never explains and never apologizes. A cat never alibis. You must accept a cat as it is and for what it is and not expect more than the pleasure of its company.
Fernando Botero|Ever since studying in Russia as a college student, I had been in a long-distance, one-sided love affair with Chechnya's remarkable history, culture and rugged natural beauty.
Jack Shepard|When I later discovered that she (illustrator Faith Jaques) was a compulsive reader who loved to be alone and kept cats because they are the only pets that allow you to be both, my adoration of Jaques and her work could only increase.
Kirpal Singh, The Best of Kirpal Singh|writing home"here in the wilderness of australiawriting home becomes easyin spite of the spreading wild firesthere is less heat, more certainty.writing home, writing thisi think of those without real homes–our city, people say, provides houseswhich do not, often, bring one home.
Judy Polumbaum, China Ink: The Changing Face of Chinese Journalism|I used to think the most important thing for a reporter was to be where the news is and be the first to know. Now I feel a reporter should be able to effect change. Your reporting should move people and motivate people to change the world. Maybe this is too idealistic. Young people who want to be journalists must, first, study and, second, recognize that they should never be the heroes of the story. ..A journalist must be curious, and must be humble. --Zhou Yijun
Jalaluddin Rumi|This place is a dream. Only a sleeper considers it real. Then death comes like dawn, and you wake up laughing at what you thought was your grief.
Peter Kreeft, Prayer for Beginners|Feelings are wonderful decorations, but they are not a foundation to build on.
Cornell Woolrich, The Fantastic Stories of Cornell Woolrich|The serious writer was aware of a paradox at the heart of his art: his inner world, the place of the strongest stories, was infinite, but it was also embedded in – if this was possible! – an even more infinite universe of all things to write about. It was like seeing the Grand Canyon from outer space – a huge gorge that looked like a thin trickle, impossible to miss, hard to hit.
Carl R White|All I have is me, myself and I and we are all getting really tired of each other.
Eric Samuel Timm, Static Jedi: The Art of Hearing God Through the Noise|When others sit, a #StaticJedi is found standing—even standing along, with a message not in hand but secure in heart!
Kate Bosworth|Without contraries is no progression. Attraction and repulsion, reason and energy, love and hate, are necessary to human existence.
Adam McKay|I started dating JD Samson from Le Tigre, and suddenly I was listening to more up-tempo music and old dance music, like ESG and Gang of Four, and I thought, 'Wow. This is fun.'
George Cadbury|I am extraordinarily lucky, I was born in a family of strong moral values, and in my life I was able to do what I liked best: debuts, great theatres, but above all, inner and deep satisfaction.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|Books were only one type of receptacle where we stored a lot of things we were afraid we might forget. There is nothing magical in them at all. The magic is only in what books say, how they stitched the patches of the Universe together into one garment for us.
Harmon Okinyo|What is MONEY? a piece of PAPER, a chunk of METAL or just some bits and bytes.It’s been called the ROOT OF ALL EVIL, but it can also help UPROOT ALL EVIL.It can’t buy you HAPPINESS or LOVE, but some fall in LOVE WITH IT anyway.It can CHANGE who you are, help find out WHO YOU really are.It can ENSLAVE you, and FREE you.It can open DOORS, buy you DOORS, But it won’t tell you what to do once you are INSIDE, CONTROL you and give you CONTROL.It can give you the power to say YES and the freedom to say NO.It’s EVERYTHING ……………. and NOTHING. Because MONEY is just money
Abigail Tarttelin|He doesn't need to tend her, because she hunts her own prey. He doesn't need to shield her, because she kills her own enemies. He doesn't need to look for her, because she's always at his side.
Zathyn Priest, Liquid Glass|Oh, Cameron," Eldon replied in a whisper, moving closer and brushing his lips over Cameron's mouth. "You are literally the very reason my heart beats. Nothing I have lost can compare with the love in you I have found.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|If life throws you a few bad notes, don't let them interrupt your song.
Cassandra Page|Our Company was participating in a management seminar in which we were taught a strategy that goes by the unlovely name of 'reverse your buts.' I did not make this up! It works like this:Maybe you're thinking, 'I love you, but you're driving me crazy.' Instead, try thinking, 'You're driving me crazy, but I love you." Isn't it amazing how different that feels?
Steven Johnson|History does nothing; it does not possess immense riches, it does not fight battles. It is men, real, living, who do all this.
Katie Reus, Taste of Darkness|He wanted to regain his memory, but not if it cost him Victoria. He would give up everything for her.
Michelle Alexander, The New Jim Crow: Mass Incarceration in the Age of Colorblindness|Parents and schoolteachers counsel black children that, if they ever hope to escape this system and avoid prison time, they must be on their best behavior, raise their arms and spread their legs for the police without complaint, stay in failing schools, pull up their pants, and refuse all forms of illegal work and moneymaking activity, even if jobs in the legal economy are impossible to find. Girls are told not to have children until they are married to a "good" black man who can help provide for a family with a legal job. They are told to wait and wait for Mr. Right even if that means, in a jobless ghetto, never having children at all.
Brian McNaughton|Vampires, like virgins or priests, are things that women believe in. We must never fail to humor them in such matters.
Kapil Dev|When you're put in a position to really affect young people who are going to run the world one day, if you're able to be in their life at a young age and make a positive impact, I think that's a beautiful thing.
Mary Ann Rivers|Should I really set her free, and free myself too of the fear - the fear of missing her, forever? Is that what my love for her is leaving me with?
Jasper Johns|I assumed that everything would lead to complete failure, but I decided that didn't matter – that would be my life. 
Moriah Densley, Song For Sophia|You are intelligent, you are diplomatic, you are beautiful, and you are and always will be...[he kisses her]...MINE...
University of Navarra, The Navarre Bible: Joshua to Kings|God is the only one who listens to her... she is the prototype of the devout woman who perseveres in prayer, convinced that it will be heard... How many favours each of us could tell of if we recalled with gratitude the gifts we have received in order to praise God for them!
Naomi Wolf, The Beauty Myth|You do not win by struggling to the top of a caste system, you win by refusing to be trapped within one at all.
Jacques Rigaut|There’s no reason to live, but there’s no reason to die, either. The only way we can still show our contempt for life is to accept it. Life is not worth the bother of leaving it. Out of charity, one might spare a few individuals the trouble of living, but what about oneself? Despair, indifference, betrayal, fidelity, solitude, the family, freedom, weight, money, poverty, love, absence of love, syphilis, health, sleep, insomnia, desire, impotence, platitudes, art, honesty, dishonor, mediocrity, intelligence – nothing there to make a fuss about. We know only too well what those things are made of, no point in watching for them.
Irfa Rahat|I no longer fear battles and storms that come in the path but afraid of losing someone that is dear to my heart, to whom without winning battles and passing through storms means nothing to me.
Margaret Hamburg|Valuation depends on several factors. From an investor angle, they look at leadership position, management, and what the company's offerings are. I think these three things got 5/5 for a company like Flipkart, and that is what is driving valuations and growth.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Oh well, memories, said I. Yes, even remembering in itself is sad, yet how much more its object! Don't let yourself in for things like that, it's not for you and not for me. It only weakens one's present position without strengthening the former one - nothing is more obvious - quite apart from the fact that the former one doesn't need strengthening.
Dada Bhagwan|If your monetary wealth accumulates naturally and spontaneously, then let it accumulate, but do not lean on it for support. You may take its support and feel a sense of relief, but there is no telling when that support will move away. Therefore, conduct yourself with caution from the beginning so that you are not shaken up during time of painful experiences.
Ankala V Subbarao|The bottom line with men is: they feel best about themselves when they are solving problems. Therefore, they spend most of their time doing what they are best at while they attempt to ignore the things which cause them to feel deficient.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|After you have made the discovery of your own significance, you would then be able to find the reason to stay alive.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Never underestimate the power of thought. It takes days and nights of pre-meditating ideas, thoughts, pictures and visions of what you would call success. Allow your mind to be pregnant with the thought of success and how you want to achieve it. This will enable you not to be shocked by your own success when you finally achieve it, because you would have lived it countless times before.
Elizabeth   Hunter|You're not actually falling for him, are you?" he asks her one day, on one of the rare occasions he can get her alone."I'll pretend you didn't just ask that," she tells him in disgust. But Connor has reasons to wonder."On that first night here, he offered you his blanket, and you accepted it," he points out."Only because I knew it would make him cold.""And when he offers you his food, you take it.""Because it means he goes hungry."It's coolly logical. Connor finds it amazing that she can put her emotions aside and be as calculating as Roland, beating him at his own game. Another reason for Connor to admire her.
Isabel  Lopez, Isabel's Hand-Me-Down Dreams|When our dreams don’t come true, sometimes we can hand them down to our children and hope that they will come true for them. The joy can be immeasurable just the same.
Dan Wells, I Am Not A Serial Killer|RYLAN!"I feel Ivy's palm on my chest and, with a powerful shove, she pushes me back, away from fire, danger, and death. In that moment after the tree plunges, I see Ivy for a single second as I fall. In those emerald eyes is a look of complete calm, undying gratitude, and powerful, protective love.The tree crashes down, the sound echoing in my head.For an eternal moment, I sit there on my butt, staring at the spot where Ivy was standing. I'm numb, only registering the slightest changes; the wind dying down, the rain lessening.What just happened?Desperately, I look side to side, praying that Ivy jumped to the side and what I saw was just an illusion made up by my panicked mind.But Ivy's nowhere. And there's an arm sticking out from under the trunk."IVY!"I sprint to the fallen tree. The smoldering wood stings my hand when I grab the trunk, but I grit my teeth and bear it. Pulling with all my might, I throw the remains of the tree aside.Ivy's lying there, her eyes closed and her lower half on fire."No..." I fall to my knees and yank off my sweatshirt to try and smother the flames, but they burn strong, and soon the fabric's on fire. I toss it away, not knowing where it lands as I'm unable to tear my eyes off the most gut-wrenching sight of my life. My hands go to my head and my shouting grows even louder. "No, no, no!"This can't be happening. She can't be—
Camille Pagán, The Art of Forgetting|Greatness, whether athletic or otherwise, doesn’t come from those content on just being but from those who seek being the difference.
Jeanette Winterson, The Powerbook|Perhaps this is how it is--life flowing smoothly over memory and history, the past returning or not, depending on the tide. History is a collection of found objects washed up through time. Goods, ideas, personalities, surface towards us, then sink away. Some we hook out, others we ignore, and as the pattern changes, so does the meaning. We cannot rely on the facts. Time, which returns everything, changes everything.
Nikki Rowe|Pain in the body is a clear indication, Something in the energy fields are blocking inner growth.
Jeana Kendrick|I wish I could have healed your misery, quenched your sorrow.
Dan Brown, The Da Vinci Code|Authors, he thought. Even the sane ones are nuts.
Lance Conrad, The Price of Nobility|I'm not a cruel man. I mean, technically I'm not a man at all.
John Ciardi|We will have to give up the hope that, if we try hard, we somehow will always do right by our children. The connection is imperfect. We will sometimes do wrong.
Abraham Lincoln|I don't know what it is about food your mother makes for you, especially when it's something that anyone can make - pancakes, meat loaf, tuna salad - but it carries a certain taste of memory.
Jack Gantos, I Am Not Joey Pigza|Granny was right,' I said. 'When you forgive someone it does make you stronger. It makes your heart bigger than your hate.
Ashly Lorenzana|The next time you wish you could find the right words to say to someone who is hurting, just remember that dogs are a man's best friend without ever speaking a word to them. Simply be present and have sympathy.
Bryn  Hammond, Amgalant One: The Old Ideal|When we love God in sincerity and with consistency, He gives us the desires of our heart. And as we love Him how we should be loving Him, our desires are somehow supernaturally conformed to be His desires for us! So, love God, with all that you are in all truth and devotion, and He will reward you according to His will. This is not something that we are capable of by ourselves, but God is faithful to give His chosen ones victory!
Haruki Murakami, Absolutely on Music: Conversations with Seiji Ozawa|I have met many different people in the course of my life, some of whom I have come to know pretty well, but where these three traits are concerned, I had never encountered anyone before Seiji Ozawa with whom I found it so easy and natural to identify. In that sense, he is a precious person to me. It sets my mind at ease to know that there is someone like him in the world.
Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl|I think of that, too: her mind. Her brain, all those coils, and her thoughts shuttling through those coils like fast, frantic centipedes. Like a child, I picture opening her skull, unspooling her brain and sifting through it, trying to catch and pin down her thoughts. What are you thinking, Amy?The question I've asked most often during our marriage, if not out loud, if not to the person who could answer. I suppose these questions stormcloud over every marriage:What are you thinking? How are you feeling? Who are you? What have we done to each other? What will we do?
Rodney  Jenkins, Dreaming is for lovers|I had a dream about you. We were married and I walked into the room to see you in my new black dress and high heels and I said "That's not what I meant when I said I bought them for you".
Antonio Gramsci, Selections from the Prison Notebooks|Winners never suffer defeat, but rather just many setbacks on their way to victory.
Mlungisi Simelane|Dont ever let anybody throw you away. You are not junk. When God looks at you, He sees things that everybody else ignores. You are worth so much that it took Jesus to Calvary to salvage and reclaim you. You are a seed of greatness.. Wake up sleeping giant
Louisa May Alcott|Killing Japanese didn’t bother me at that time. It was getting the war over with that bothered me. So I wasn’t worried particularly about how many people we killed in getting the job done… . All war is immoral, and if you let it bother you, you’re not a good soldier.
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|There are ways to do things, ways to act with people, and I do not understand them. I cannot understand what people mean when they talk. I do not do things right. I do not feel things right. I do not see things right. I am not...I'm not made of the same thing as everyone else.'The baker took in a deep breath. 'I think if you'll look around, my boy,' he said gently, 'you'll find that no one is quite right. But we all do the best we can.
Judith Warner, Perfect Madness: Motherhood in the Age of Anxiety|The media not only fans our fears, it comforts us in our hubris. Nearly every scare story comes with a Message: You can take control. You can do something to keep bad things from happening to your children and to keep life from throwing you curveballs.
Eva Ibbotson, A Song for Summer|O! how shall summer's honey breath hold out, / Against the wrackful siege of battering days?
N. E. Conneely, Witch for Hire|We all draw different lines. Sometimes they intersect. Sometimes they don’t. We agree on forms of evil, but judge degrees of it, saying only the worst of humanity is truly bad. And everything along the gray lines is subject to opinion. These are the lines I constantly live on, crossing through intersections that lead down paths I barely remember. And at certain times, for unknown reasons, the grim reality of consequence decides to rear its ugly head at me, and forces me to see what I’ve done. And I find myself staring at…THE DEVIL.
Walter Mosley, Killing Johnny Fry: A Sexistential Novel|Freedom is a state of mind, I said wondering where I'd heard it before, not a state of being. We are all slaves to gravity and morality and the vicissitudes of nature. Our genes govern us much more than we'd like to think. Our bodies can not know absolute freedom but our minds can, can at least try.
M.F. Moonzajer|Christianity, in contrast, is for all cultures. This is a theme of the New Testament, St. John’s vision of the redeemed in Revelation 7. Christianity is for every tribe, every nation, every language, every time, for every culture. That’s really quite unique from other religions because Christ died for the sins of the world.
Paul Dano|I promised myself: Before your 18th birthday, you're going to be at Jean Paul Gaultier. And it worked. I was hired.
Margaret Maclure, Discourse in Educational and Social Research|Perhaps the nearest one could get to a common characteristic of poststructuralism would be a radical suspicion of reason, order and certainty as governing principles of knowledge and existence...the absurd and the irrational can no longer be distinguished from the real and the rational
Livy, The Early History of Rome:|Now I would solicit the particular attention of those numerous people who imagine that money is everything in this world, and that rank and ability are inseparable from wealth: let them observe that Cincinnatus, the one man in whom Rome reposed all her hope of survival, was at that moment working a little three-acre farm (now known as Quinctian meadows) west of the Tiber, just opposite the spot where the shipyards are today. A mission from the city found him at work on his land - digging a ditch, maybe, or ploughing. Greetings were exchanged, and he was asked - with a prayer for God's blessing on himself and his country - to put on his toga and hear the Senate's instructions. This naturally surprised him, and, asking if all were well, he told his wife Racilia to run to their cottage and fetch his toga. The toga was brought, and wiping the grimy sweat from his hands and face he put it on; at once the envoys from the city saluted him, with congratulations, as Dictator, invited him to enter Rome, and informed him of the terrible danger of Minucius's army.
Aberjhani, Journey through the Power of the Rainbow: Quotations from a Life Made Out of Poetry|Poetry and art nourish the soul of the world with the flavor-filled substances of beauty, wisdom and truth.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|High fives and fist bumps have become the popular alternatives to traditional handshakes, especially among the younger generations. As a new social norm, they are used as a greeting, an approval, an acknowledgement, a celebration, and a gesture of understanding. High fives and fist bumps are also viewed as a healthier alternative to traditional handshakes because they don’t spread germs.
C.S. Lewis, Present Concerns|This is the permanent tension that lies at the heart of a capitalist democracy and is exacerbated in times of crisis. In order to ensure the survival of the richest, it is democracy that has to be heavily regulated rather than capitalism.
Giacomo Casanova, History of My Life, Volumes III & IV|Be persistent like a mosquito, at the end you will get your bite
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Every great building once begun as a building plan. That means, sitting in that building plan on the table is a mighty structure not yet seen. It is the same with dreams.
Tahereh Mafi, Unravel Me|But that was last year,” I protested as we walked through school on Tuesday, three days beforeHalloween. “I’m serious, you know how people are. They forget about things.”“Oh, really?” Roux said, then turned and smiled at a brunette passing us. “Hey, Julia, what’s up?How are things?”“Slut,” Julia responded, and kept walking.Roux just looked back at me knowingly. “You were saying?
Romain Grosjean|Vietnamese food has probably been saved from the mass market because most people never master the sauces and condiments that must be added to the food, at the table, for its glories to become apparent. It's too much trouble, and a lot of people don't like asking for help, especially if the interaction involves some linguistic awkwardness.
Lisa Kleypas, Married By Morning|[Jess]"... you were wonderful. Magnificent. Incomparable. Unparalleled. Incredible.""Oh, stop it!" Addie grinned and blushed, and backed a step with each word, as Jess advanced toward her with each accolade. But on the third step, her back made contact with the ivy wall, and Jess kept moving toward her until he'd pressed her into its soft, green embrace. Then he moved another inch until his Sunday boots straddled her Sunday pumps.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|The two girls disappeared into the stern cabin once more. Will watched them go, then asked Halt, 'Anything you'd like me to do? Grow a beard? Learn to walk like a rooster?''If you could stop asking facetious questions, that'd be a start,' Halt told him. 'But it's probably a little late in life for you to do that.
Judith C. Waller, Radio: The Fifth Estate|As Mary Grannon, the beloved Mary of The Canadian Broadcasting Corporation’s ‘Just Mary’ hour says:So many parents are clinging to some favorite story in their own youth and measuring all children's material by it—forgetting what the last minstrel found out in his travels, that 'old times are changed, old manners gone, a stranger fills the Stuart's throne.' Let's not be like the bigots of the iron time; let's be rooters for the modern.
Paul Cohen|Littlewood, on Hardy's own estimate, is the finest mathematician he has ever known. He was the man most likely to storm and smash a really deep and formidable problem; there was no one else who could command such a combination of insight, technique and power.
Maria V. Snyder, Magic Study|Your fear remains strong. You are not ready to face your story, preferring instead to surround yourself with knots. Someday, they will strangle you.
Laini Taylor, Daughter of Smoke & Bone|...something was starting to take shape, out of magic and will. Smoke and bone.
Kelly Parra, Invisible Touch|Truth about tears is that , most tears are the result of a delusion
Karl Pilkington|Foul cankering rust the hidden treasure frets, but gold that's put to use more gold begets.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|Train your new employee properly. Sounds so obvious, and yet it often doesn’t happen.
Aleister Crowley, Moonchild|First of all, you must never speak of anything by its name -- in that country. So, if you see a tree on a mountain, it will be better to say 'Look at the green on the high'; for that's how they talk -- in that country. And whatever you do, you must find a false reason for doing it -- in that country. If you rob a man, you must say it is to help and protect him: that's the ethics -- of that country. And everything of value has no value at all -- in that country. You must be perfectly commonplace if you want to be a genius -- in that country. And everything you like you must pretend not to like; and anything that is there you must pretend is not there -- in that country. And you must always say that you are sacrificing yourself in the cause of religion, and morality, and humanity, and liberty, and progress, when you want to cheat your neighbour -- in that country."Good heavens!" cried Iliel, 'are we going to England?
Shannon L. Alder|When what you value and dream about doesn’t match the life you are living, you have pain.
Vera Brittain, Testament of Youth|People talked so foolishly, I thought, about the ennobling effects of suffering. No doubt the philosophy that tells you your soul grows through grief and sorrow is right--ultimately. But I don't think this is the case at first. At first, pain beyond a certain point merely makes you lifeless, and apathetic to everything but itself.
Jenni Schaefer, Goodbye Ed, Hello Me: Recover from Your Eating Disorder and Fall in Love with Life|To stay in recovery, you must be responsible for finding your own motivation. Remember, motivation may not be easy to come by at first. It will probably be a very small, timid part inside of you. When you find it, let that part be in charge. Let the minority rule and lead you to a life you never dreamed was possible
Jim Rohn|Let others lead small lives, but not you.. Let others argue over small things, but not you.. Let others cry over small hurts, but not you.. Let others leave their future in someone else's hands, but not you.
Lailah Gifty Akita|It is only through the darkness, we desire the light.
Charlotte Brontë, Villette|No perfection can last forever. Time tears at it; wears it down until it's nothing, just an empty shell.
Janet Napolitano|The art challenges the technology, and the technology inspires the art.
Poppy Z. Brite|Some nights are made for torture, or reflection, or the savoring of loneliness.
Steven Magee, Light Forensics|For the purpose of human health, it appears that it is wise to work and live below 4,900 feet.
B.J. Daniels, Cardwell Christmas Crime Scene|A tree.” She spotted one. It was hidden behind a much larger tree, its limbs misshapen in its attempt to fight for even a little sunlight in the shadow. “Dana has this tradition of giving a sad-looking tree the honor of being a Christmas tree.” She walked over to the small, nearly hidden tree. “I like this one. “It’s…”	He laughed. “Ugly?”	“No, it’s beautiful because it’s had a hard life. It’s struggled to survive against all odds and would keep doing that without much hope. But it has a chance to be something special.
Buzz Aldrin|Everyone who's been in space would, I'm sure, welcome the opportunity for a return to the exhilarating experiences there.
Tom Rath, Strengths Finder 2.0|Cleverness is a false presumption', Doc had explained, 'it is like being a natural skater, you are so busy doing tricks to impress that you do not see where the thin ice is and before you know, poof! You are in deep, ice-cold water frozen like a dead herring. Intelligence is a harder gift, for this you must work, you must practise it, challenge it and maybe towards the end of your life you will master it. Cleverness is the shadow whereas intelligence is the substance.
C. JoyBell C.|Yesterday I was sad, today I am happy! Yesterday I had a problem, today I still have the same problem! But today I changed the way I look at it!
A.D. Posey|Wherever you are, wherever you go, be sure to spread the light.
Charlotte Brontë, Villette|For a second, Hardyy felt sorry for her. She really was messed up. 'Nobody is perfect Cheyenne. We can all do better, but do it for yourself, not for me. Not for anyone else.
Bertrand Russell, Marriage and Morals|Intimacy wasn't sex, she realized. It was knowing someone.
N. R. Narayana Murthy|In the end, all business operations can be reduced to three words: people, product, and profits.
Rachael Wade, Declaration|You never seem to run out of ways to blow my mind, Lexie. You’re my best friend, and you’re the one woman I can imagine spending the rest of my life with. Do you know how lucky that makes me?
Amit Kalantri|The world is getting too small for both an Us and a Them. Us and Them have become codependent, intertwined, fixed to one another. We have no separate fates, but are bound together in one. And our fear of one another is the only thing capable of our undoing.
Meher Baba, Discourses|There are very few things in the mind which eat up as much energy as worry. It is one of the most difficult things not to worry about anything. Worry is experienced when things go wrong, but in relation to past happenings it is idle merely to wish that they might have been otherwise. The frozen past is what it is, and no amount of worrying is going to make it other than what it has been. But the limited ego-mind identifies itself with its past, gets entangled with it and keeps alive the pangs of frustrated desires. Thus worry continues to grow into the mental life of man until the ego-mind is burdened by the past. Worry is also experienced in relation to the future when this future is expected to be disagreeable in some way. In this case it seeks to justify itself as a necessary part of the attempt to prepare for coping with the anticipated situations. But, things can never be helped merely by worrying. Besides, many of the things which are anticipated never turn up, or if they do occur, they turn out to be much more acceptable than they were expected to be. Worry is the product of feverish imagination working under the stimulus of desires. It is a living through of sufferings which are mostly our own creation. Worry has never done anyone any good, and it is very much worse than mere dissipation of psychic energy, for it substantially curtails the joy and fullness of life.
Nick Offerman|Always maintain the attitude of a student. When a person thinks they have finished learning, that is when bitterness and disappointment can set in, as that person will wake up everyday wondering when someone is going to throw a parade in their honour for being so smart.
Branch Rickey|A geek isn't the skinny kid with a pocket protector and acne. There can be computer geeks, video game geeks, car geeks, military geeks, and sports geeks. Being a geek just means that you're passionate about something.
Fabrizio Moreira|I love to compete. To me, business is the ultimate sport. It's always on. There is always someone trying to beat me.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Eena, The Dawn and Rescue|Life is a valuable and unique opportunityto discover who you are.But it seems as soon as you nearanswering that age-old question,something unexpected always happensto alter your course.And who it is you thought you weresuddenly changes.Then comes the frustrating realizationthat no matter how long life endures,no matter how many experiencesare muddled through in this existence,you may never really be ableto answer the question....Who am I? Because the answer, like the seasons,constantly, subtly, inevitably changes.And who it is you are today,is not the same person you will be tomorrow.
Jazz Feylynn, Colorado State of Mind|Now you're being ridiculous. If your mom changed into a carrot, I'd think she'd change back before someone ate her, werewolf or not.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Release The Ink|Take a moment to reflect on your life. If you are not satisfied with your reflection, then make adjustments. It's never too late to live the life of your dreams. Believe in your ability to make it happen.
Charles Baudelaire|The lumpiness of 'The Good Lie's progression - from infancy to adulthood, and from ethnic horror to gentle social comedy to a heroic gift of freedom - proclaims the film's respect for facts and truths that can't be squeezed into a smooth narrative.
Jeffrey Fry|Sometimes, life is all about just surviving. Whether one gives up or not that differentiates the winners from the losers.
Arial Burnz, Midnight Captive|From the moment I saw you, I wanted you in my dreams
Nancy McKeon|I dream of diving in two places where I have not been yet. One is Antarctica, because of its crystal clear waters and amazing fauna, in addition to the ice cathedrals. The other is the Arctic, where I'd like to see the northernmost kelp forests.
Susan E. Isaacs, Angry Conversations with God: A Snarky but Authentic Spiritual Memoir|When seeing the simple truth means recognizing that we're in sin, we would rather see things as being complicated.
Ecclesiastes 12 12|Heaven will happen someday, but let's not wait. Heaven can start now.
James Gray|The wisdom of God's Word is quite clear on believers being unequally yoked. And marrying someone who is not a Christian - who is not a daily disciple of Christ - is being unequally yoked, regardless of what their beliefs might be.
Gregory David Roberts|The source of all things, the luminescence, has more forms than heaven's stars, sure. And one good thought is all it takes to make it shine. But a single mistake can burn down a forest in your heart, hiding all the stars, in all the skies,. And while a mistake's till burning, ruined love or lsot faith can make you think you're done, and you can't go on. But it's not true. It's never true. No matter what you do, no matter where you're lost, the luminescence never leaves you. Any good thing that dies inside ca rise again, if you want it hard enough. The heart doesnt know how to quit, because it doesn't know how to lie. You lift your eyes from the page, fall into the smile of a perfect stranger, and the searching starts all over again. It's not what it was. It's always different. It's always something else. But the new forest that grows back in a scarred heart is sometimes wilder and stronger than it was before the fire. And if you stay in there, in that shine within yourself, that new place of light, forgiving everything and never giving up, sooner or later you'll always find yourself right back there where love and beauty made the world: at the beginning. The beginning. The beginning.
David Holdsworth|The picture of love and truth together is in Jesus. The challenge is to resist the temptation to think in terms of a mixture or recipe: 50% love and 50% truth. The historic creeds affirm Jesus as fully God AND fully human, and likewise with love and truth – Jesus is fully truth and fully love; any less and He ceases to be fully God, and for this reason love and truth must not be separated...
Sami Abouzid|Nobility, I always have one thing common with you , I always think you’re an angel
Henry Giroux|I've been a staunch advocate of women's empowerment, and I've worked hard throughout my career to advance the cause. It is heartening to see that gender equality is really becoming more of a reality. There is still much more to be done, and I'm confident that, by working together, we can empower women worldwide.
Akash Patel|Yesterday is there, today is here, live in the now, allowing life to show you the light
Stevie Wonder|If you are a chef, no matter how good a chef you are, it's not good cooking for yourself; the joy is in cooking for others - it's the same with music.
Scott Spencer, Endless Love|No pain could match the emptiness of separation, no agony rivaled the unreality of not being with her.
Sofea Shah|No one wants to die or even plans to die, at least not when you are young and living life on top of everything, stepping on gold, running the miles with hot chicks on tow, but even if I wasn’t a rock star, and just a normal civilian, I still wouldn’t plan to die young. Death is so boring.
Michelle Hodkin, The Unbecoming of Mara Dyer|I have never read The Joy of Crap. Sounds disgusting. I have, however, read The Joy of Sex. Not in a while, but I think it's one of those classics you can come back to again... and again.
Eusebius, The Church History|I myself have read the writings and teachings of the heretics, polluting my soul for a while with their abominable notions, though deriving this benefit: I was able to refute them for myself and loathe them even more.
Frances Hodgson Burnett, The Secret Garden|Look again at that dot. That's here. That's home. That's us. On it everyone you love, everyone you know, everyone you ever heard of, every human being who ever was, lived out their lives. The aggregate of our joy and suffering, thousands of confident religions, ideologies, and economic doctrines, every hunter and forager, every hero and coward, every creator and destroyer of civilization, every king and peasant, every young couple in love, every mother and father, hopeful child, inventor and explorer, every teacher of morals, every corrupt politician, every "superstar," every "supreme leader," every saint and sinner in the history of our species lived there-on a mote of dust suspended in a sunbeam.The Earth is a very small stage in a vast cosmic arena. Think of the endless cruelties visited by the inhabitants of one corner of this pixel on the scarcely distinguishable inhabitants of some other corner, how frequent their misunderstandings, how eager they are to kill one another, how fervent their hatreds. Think of the rivers of blood spilled by all those generals and emperors so that, in glory and triumph, they could become the momentary masters of a fraction of a dot.Our posturings, our imagined self-importance, the delusion that we have some privileged position in the Universe, are challenged by this point of pale light. Our planet is a lonely speck in the great enveloping cosmic dark. In our obscurity, in all this vastness, there is no hint that help will come from elsewhere to save us from ourselves.The Earth is the only world known so far to harbor life. There is nowhere else, at least in the near future, to which our species could migrate. Visit, yes. Settle, not yet. Like it or not, for the moment the Earth is where we make our stand.It has been said that astronomy is a humbling and character-building experience. There is perhaps no better demonstration of the folly of human conceits than this distant image of our tiny world. To me, it underscores our responsibility to deal more kindly with one another, and to preserve and cherish the pale blue dot, the only home we've ever known.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If your heart is your home, you can be happy anywhere.
Anastasia Nil, Tempting Fate|Falling in love is one of most beautiful emotions one can feel. You haven’t lived your life, if you haven’t loved.
Paulo Coelho, The Witch Of Portobello|We can see the Divine in each speck of dust, but that doesn't stop us from wiping it away with a wet sponge. The Divine doesn't disappear; it's transformed into the clean surface.
Jeff Hobbs, The Short and Tragic Life of Robert Peace: A Brilliant Young Man Who Left Newark for the Ivy League|... what it really was like to live a life determined by the struggle to be free, as desert dwellers' days are determined by the struggle against thirst and those of dwellers amid snow and ice by the struggle against the numbing of cold.
Francine Rivers|Have you ever been to the beach and wanted to feed the seagulls? The problem is you tear off a little crust from your sandwich and toss it to one, and ten more show up. Toss a little more and a flock descends. You start to wonder: if I run out of bread, will I become the meal?Turkeys are different. They startle easily and run for the barn. In the wild, they run for the hills. Of course, they’re very tasty. Benjamin Franklin thought them majestic enough to be an emblem for our country. I’m sorry, but Thanksgiving would be downright depressing. There’s our national symbol lying stuffed and roasted and ready to carve up for hungry guests. And then we have the eagles. Our forefathers were trained in the Bible. […]They would have known Isaiah 40:31. “Those who wait upon the Lord will gain new strength; they will mount up with wings like eagles, they will run and not get tired, they will walk and not become weary.” They were making war on the greatest power in the world of the time; the world was watching them. What could this band of commoners do? What troubles me about our country today is how many seagulls there are, scrambling for more. Remember the movie “Finding Nemo”? “Mine, mine, mine!” And we sure have a lot of gutless turkeys running for the barn whenever hard decisions have to be made; like how to keep our country solvent so our children won’t be in soup lines… Where are the eagles? That’s what I want to know. Please, God, we need us some eagles!
Kate Mullane Robertson|In my childhood I use to think that those people who don't know how torespect women and can't control their sexual temptation are dickheadsbut now I realise that I was wrong ,those people who can't respectwomens and harm them are actually Anal one. And my thinking mkes meinsane then let it be because this way or that way I will accept yourhatred rather than stand with you and disrespect a women.
Richard Jefferies|It is science, and not religion, which has taught men that things are complex and difficult to understand.
Billy Marshall Stoneking|Successful resistance to temptation may result in an increase of moral muscle, but that is because one is going to need it. A temptation resisted may become more, not less, fierce.
Jess Walter, The Financial Lives of the Poets|(…) my money guy Richard is going without a tie now, like a politician who wants to appeal to the suffering common man (or perhaps every morning his firm takes the ties and shoelaces away from the brokers and financial planners to keep them from offing themselves)
Katie McGarry, Crash into You|I bunch Rachel's hair in my fist. The silky strands rub the spot between my fingers and I press my lips to her head. My heart hurts and soars and hurts again, all at the same time. I said I love her. Love her.
Leanne Hall, This is Shyness|There’s a pause so yawning I can’t help but think about what it would be like to lean in and kiss her, but if I’m getting the signals wrong then I’m about to destroy the best run we’ve had all evening. It’s been at least ten minutes since I’ve done or said anything stupid.
Samar Sudha|Mystery always there in my words, now these are knives and will shine like Swords" -Samar Sudha
John Wood|We had a policy of "no looking back". Once a decision was made, all members of our team were expected to stop talking about obstacles and instead focus intensely on solutions."Don't tell us all the reasons this might not work. Tell us all the ways it could work.
Edmund Burke, Reflections on the Revolution in France|Any government's condemnation of terrorism is only credible if it shows itself to be responsive to persistent, reasonable, closely argued, non-violent dissent. And yet, what's happening is just the opposite. The world over, non-violent resistance movements are being crushed and broken. If we do not respect and honour them, by default we privilege those who turn to violent means.
Ameen Rihani|I'm learning with my mom how to cook more Spanish food. I'm trying to make a good paella, but that's a real art.
Katie McGarry, Walk the Edge|Anyone who ever makes you the slightest bit uncomfortable, Breanna, you tell one of us. You're with Razor, which means you're family.
Marilyn Grey, The Life I Now Live|Maybe we aren't so very different after all. There's good and bad in both of us, and that's what binds us together, for better or worse.
Steve Maraboli|Stop blaming other people and circumstances for killing your dreams. The truth is; we tend to talk ourselves out of acting upon our dreams. Most dreams die of suicide, not murder.
Graham Greene|For a moment he came near to sharing their incredible belief—it would do no harm to mutter a prayer of thanks to the God of his childhood, the God of the Common and the castle, that no ill had yet come to Sarah's child. Then a sonic boom scattered the words of the hymn and shook the old glass of the west window and rattled the crusader's helmet which hung on a pillar, and he was reminded again of the grown-up world. He went quickly out and bought the Sunday papers. The Sunday Express had a headline on the front page—"Child's Body Found in Wood.
Viswanathan Anand|I became popular very young. I viewed myself as just a young actor trying to figure out how to do well, and, you know, making mistakes and learning and growing.
Dirk Kempthorne|We believe in humility and integrity, the spirit of one people, bound together under God. We understand that the Constitution was written to control and regulate the government, not the people.
Mark E. Smith, Renegade|There was a lot of pretense floating around; not just with aunties and all that but with emotions and how people saw you. They had a point. There's a lot to learn from that generation -- the stoic approach. I think it's disgusting how they've been forgotten about in this way. It's the American hippies' fault, they saw an in there, a way of making money out of bad moods. That's all it is most of the time. You can't expect to feel cock-a-hoop every minute of every day. My mam and dad's generation understood this. They were just thankful the bombs had stopped threatening their lives. They just wanted to get on with living.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|I fall asleepCall it deep while all is well be-Cause my life seems like a freestyle mean-While asleep on the couch I dream it's a written piece and nowThe symphony's soundingShouting out to these feet whose leaps feel foul but quite loudBut howI'm allowed to live my dreamsMy Chimeran team brings the Siberian breedRiding reality free 'til these tires they freezeIn mires in dire need of wires, fire and heat butI love a dark, hard cold heart in the wintery breeze
Ban Ki-moon|You can't allow tradition to get in the way of innovation. There's a need to respect the past, but it's a mistake to revere your past.
Cathy Caruth, Trauma: Explorations in Memory|It is indeed the truth of the traumatic experience that forms the center of its psychopathology; it is not a pathology of falsehood or displacement of meaning, but of history itself” (p. 5)
G. Willow Wilson, Alif the Unseen|You have such an odd relationship to your environment," mused the man. "Such a paranoid relationship. You seem intent on existing in smaller and smaller spaces, filled with more and more gadgets, with the mistaken impression that this will give you more control over your lives. There's something a little impious about it.""Nothing wrong with gadgets," muttered Alif."No, except that they're not magic," said the man, "and a lot of you seem to believe they should be.
Azin Sametipour, Tehran Moonlight|Mahtab looked out of the window at the moon clearing the rooftops, bathing everything around in its silver light. She sighed, envying Nasim's freedom. For just like Mahtab's namesake, as the moonlight was beholden to the sun, she was beholden to her family.
Caroline Knapp|When you're not a mom, you can get up in the middle of the night, paint, sleep all morning... you can't do that when you have two children!
César Vallejo|There are many unspeakable words, forgotten, or forbidden.Great thanks to the poets who make them all become reachable.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|if you miss what seems so glamorous; if you miss what seems so fantastic to have, don't worry. It may be just a matter of fantasy to have it. Real things are rare but real to have. serendipity and the vicissitudes of life determine what is real, ideal and what is a fantasy. The real future is uncertain to all.
Janet Fitch, White Oleander|The question of good and the nature of evil will always be one of philosophy’s most intriguing problems, up there with the problem of existence itself. If evil means to be self-motivated, to be the center of one’s own universe, to live on one’s own terms, then every artist, thinker, every original mind, is evil. Because we dare to look through our own eyes rather than mouth clichés lent us from the so-called Fathers. To dare to see is to steal fire from the Gods. This is mankind’s destiny, the engine which fuels us as a race.
Heather Vogel Frederick|Romanticism is man's revolt against reason, as well as against the condition under which nature has compelled him to live.
Katie Holmes|About 100 things that your kid will do that will surprise you and break your heart and it will be a combination of fact based therapy, medically advised kinds of passages accompanied by celebrity anecdotes and just some funny stuff to lighten the load.
Edward Conlon, Blue Blood|While appreciating the beauty around her, Eden considered the darkness that lay ahead. 
Wesley Morris|I grew up before computers. Computers are changing things, not all for the good.
James Rozoff, Stories Light And Dark: Ten Short Stories|The Protestants taught their followers that faith is needed for hard work because every hardship on its own discourages, hence you need faith not to be discouraged. The faith you have, keeps you going and makes you to pass through the valley and the mountain top.
Friedrich Nietzsche|I die without seeing the dawn brighten over my native land. You who have it to see, welcome it ... and forget not those who have fallen during the night!
Jefferson Bethke, Jesus > Religion: Why He Is So Much Better Than Trying Harder, Doing More, and Being Good Enough|It wasn't love at first sight. They ran into each other one morning in a sunny clearing in the forest. A few moments of stunned silence. `Glockenspiel,' Adam pronounced, thinking (but with terrible doubt) he'd found another animal in search of a name. When Eve approached him, proffering a handful of elderberries, he threw a stick at her and ran away.
Maya Angelou|Revenge, lust, ambition, pride, and self-will are too often exalted as the gods of man's idolatry; while holiness, peace, contentment, and humility are viewed as unworthy of a serious thought.
R.J. Larson, Judge|Biting his lip, blinking against fresh tears, Kien smoothed Ela's dark tangled hair, then dared another look at her face. So serene. Beautiful beneath the dried trails of blood. What had she suffered? Brave little prophet.  He whispered, "I love you!" Always.
Simon Tam|Let's make justice a process, not an afterthought
Dada Bhagwan|A person with a large tuber of self-pride remains engrossed in the fear of, ‘Someone is going to insult me…someone is going to insult me’ or ‘From where can I get respect? From where can I get the respect?
Robert Trabold, Watching the River Flow By: Selected Poems|At the end when you reach the destination, you will realize all that matters was the journey.
Langston Hughes|Yet the ivory gods, And the ebony gods, And the gods of diamond-jade, Are only silly puppet gods That people themselves Have made.-
Magda M. Olchawska, Mikolay and Julia Meet the Fairies|I love fairies so much. I would so love to touch one, whispered Julia in excitement. “U can touch me.But please don't touch my wings,they are very fragile,”replied 1 fairy.“I’m Farina,the fairy queen.
Daniel Glattauer, Alle sieben Wellen|Sometimes in life, soul is called to Rise even if it's alone, leave all behind and Rise anyway!
Al Franken|I used to be neurotic. I didn't like myself very much. But somewhere in my mid-40s, my neuroses stopped seeming so important. I developed a sense of humor.
Peter Shilton|I decided to write 'True Refuge' during a major dive in my own health. Diagnosed with a genetic disease that affected my mobility, I faced tremendous fear and grief about losing the fitness and physical freedom I loved.
Vijaya Gowrisankar|The road to recovery may be tough, but I've closed all the doorsthat lead to giving upWith only one choice in hand, I am focused on healing
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|No doubt we should be, on the whole, much worse off than we are without our astonishing gift for illusion.
H.L. Mencken, Minority Report|Gandhi is the other person. I believe Gandhi is the only person who knew about real democracy — not democracy as the right to go and buy what you want, but democracy as the responsibility to be accountable to everyone around you. Democracy begins with freedom from hunger, freedom from unemployment, freedom from fear, and freedom from hatred. To me, those are the real freedoms on the basis of which good human societies are based.
Sister Souljah, The Coldest Winter Ever|To hell, allegiance! Vows, to the blackest devil!Conscience and grace, to the profoundest pit!I dare damnation
Austin Osman Spare, Rebels and Devils: The Psychology of Liberation|I was more at home in my father's world. People like Mr. Heck Tate did not trap you with innocent questions to make fun of you; even Jem was not highly critical unless you said something stupid. Ladies seemed to live in faint horror of men, seemed unwilling to approve wholeheartedly of them. But I liked them. There was something about them, no matter how much they cussed and drank and gambled and chewed; no matter how undelectable they were, there was something about them that I instinctively liked... they weren't—"Hypocrites, Mrs. Perkins, born hypocrites," Mrs. Merriweather was saying.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Although I’ve been thoroughly conditioned by pain to see it otherwise, an ending is nothing more than the backside of a beginning.
Jean Rhys, Sleep it Off Lady: Stories by Jean Rhys|Almost any book was better than life, Audrey thought. Or rather, life as she was living it. Of course, life would soon change, open out, become quite different. You couldn't go on if you didn't hope that, could you? But for the time being there was no doubt that it was pleasant to get away from it. And books could take her away.
Amelia Gray, Museum of the Weird|My mom would spy by satellite, turning down the air conditioning, colder and colder, with a tapping keystroke via her wireless connection, chilling that house, that one room, meat locker cold, ski-slope cold, spending a king's ransom on Freon and electric power, trying to make some doomed ten bucks' worth of pretty pink flowers last one more day.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Keep your innocence and ignorance aside, and expose yourself to dangerous situations, and understand the deeper secrets of life.
Milissa R. Bailey|True writers know that writing is not something they feel required to do,or to make a living they must do, it is quite frankly like breathing. Somecan breathe often and fluently, some short breaths, some a long exhaleand for many of us it is the patient steady breathing surrounding life.
Alfa H|I am deep. therefore you can't wade in the kiddie pool and expect to find me." - Alfa"And I've never wanted to drown until now." - JmStorm
Saru Singhal|In the bigger scheme of things, we are two pawns... waiting for life to make its move.#Fatalist
John Cheever, The Brigadier and the Golf Widow|Homesickness is absolutely nothing. Fifty percent of the people in the world are homesick all the time. You don't really long for another country. You long for something in yourself that you don't have, or haven't been able to find.
Hunter Shea, Island of the Forbidden|Eddie made a half-turn in his seat to face her. "So, what did you think of our hosts?"	She chuckled. "I think they could be not-too-distant cousins of the Addams Family."	"With Paul as a fuzzy Uncle Fester," Eddie laughed.
John J. Geddes|Wait,” he said, and he had his hand outstretched toward me, fingertips just brushing the sleeve of my sweatshirt, gently rooting me to the spot. I wanted to shrug him off, but at the same time, I wanted to fall against him and bury my face in his shoulder. I wanted to commiserate about what had just happened, and make sure he was okay, and discuss how Stanton really is psychotic. I did none of the above.
Johnnie Dent Jr.|Never be afraid to offer a smile; sure the risk is that a few foolish people may misinterpret your kindness as weakness, but the sweet reward is that as you make new friends and encourage others, the foolish have ignored the fact that you have already shown them your teeth.
Michael Cunningham, The Snow Queen|Do you ever think?What?They were lying together on the sofa that had always been there, the crappy beat-up biscuit-colored sofa that was managing, as best it could, its promotion from threadbare junk to holy artifact.You know.What if I don't know?You fucking do.Okay, yeah. Yes. I, too, wonder if Dad worried so much about every single little goddamned thing . . . That he summoned it.Thanks. I couldn't say it.That some god or goddess heard him, one time too many, getting panicky about whether she'd been carjacked at the mall, or had, like, hair cancer . . .That they delivered the think even he couldn't imagine worrying about.It's not true.I know.But we're both thinking about it. That may have been their betrothal. That may have been when they took their vows: We are no longer siblings, we are mates, starship survivors, a two-man crew wandering the crags and crevices of a planet that may not be inhabited by anyone but us. We no longer need, or want, a father. Still, they really have to call him. It's been way too long.
Matthew B. Crawford|From the simplest lyric to the most complex novel, literature is asking us to pay attention. Pay attention to the frog. Pay attention to the west wind. Pay attention to the boy on the raft, the lady on the tower, the old man on the train. In sum, pay attention to the world and all that dwells therein and thereby learn at last to pay attention to yourself and all that dwells therein.
Sarah Morgan, Sunset in Central Park|I think you're talking shit. You think we don't all feel like that? Like we're crazy, like we're not a real person, like we don't exist? Everyone feels that way sometimes. I can remember talking to you when you lost your bag. So what? You can't remember and that's not a bad thing. It doesn't make me better than you. I'm a stranger to you, but here's what I see: I see a girl who has suffered a terrible damage to her brain. Someone who, it seems, is shut away by her parents to keep her safe. But inside there is a vibrant person, a traveler, and her memory of this boy Drake has propelled her into action. I think, Flora, that you came here not to find Drake but to find yourself. It wasn't Drake--he's an unlikely romantic hero, really--it was you. Didn't you come here, perhaps, because you heard him talking about the place he was going to, and it called to you?"I don't know what to say. I don't say anything. " Our come from Oslo, and Svalbard called me, even though I'm not really the rugged adventurous type. Like you, I had to come. Some of us are meant to be here. We need this place...We need to be small specks in wild nature, by the pole. The midnight sun. The midday darkness. The northern lights. It called to you, Flora, and you answered. You overcame everything, and you came here, alone. You are the bravest person I've ever met.
Kevin Smith|God has given us an imagination, and our imagination is really the principle tool from which all creativity and artistry comes from.
Anna Hope, The Ballroom|Unlike music, excessive reading has been shown to be dangerous for the female mind. It was taught in our earliest lectures: the male cells are essentially katabolic: active energetic; and female cells are anabolic: there to conserve energy and support life. While a little light reading is fine, breakdown follows when woman goes against her nature.
Friedrich Nietzsche|I... a universe of atoms, an atom in the universe.
Tom Robbins, Even Cowgirls Get the Blues|...on a number of occasions this book has made reference to magic, and each time you've shaken your head, muttering such criticisms as "What does he mean by 'magic' anyhow? It's embarrassing to find a grown man talking about magic in such a manner. How can anybody take him seriously?" Or, as slightly more gracious readers have objected, "Doesn't the author realize that one can't write about magic? One can create it but not discuss it. It's much too gossamer for that. Magic can be neither described nor defined. Using words to describe magic is like using a screwdriver to slice roast beef."To which the author now replies, Sorry, freeloaders, you're clever but you're not quite correct. Magic isn't the fuzzy, fragile, abstract and ephemeral quality you think it is. In fact, magic is distinguished from mysticism by its very concreteness and practicality. Whereas mysticism is manifest only in spiritual essence, in the transcendental state, magic demands a steady naturalistic base. Mysticism reveals the ethereal in the tangible. Magic makes something permanent out of the transitory, coaxes drama from the colloquial.
Boris Kovalík|.be happy now, not when..
Anthony T. Hincks|We go from one war to another; we go from one terrorist group to another and we go from one calamity to another, but there is a pattern there if you know where to look.It's amazing how one when one war is about to end, another miraculously pops its head up.Coincidence? Hmmm...I'm highly skeptical.However, a lot of money seems to go into these 'wars' and there always seems to be little change left at the end of it.Like I said in my other quote..."War! Someone's making a hell of a lot of money!
Lao Tzu|The voice of the intellect is a soft one, but it does not rest until it has gained a hearing.
Jeanne Robert Foster|Love is a poem that keeps on writing itself, sweeping us along.
H. Kirk Rainer, A Once and Always Father|I acknowledge that a wife does (and should) exercise a degree of control in the family and home; but what I present is not a constructive form aimed at supporting a healthy relationship, but a destructive form that—whether intended or not—destroys a relationship through the invocation of fear and flight rather than love and commitment. I also propose that this method or “device” (as I have called it) was learned in part from a very young age from her parents.
Chuck Palahniuk, Stranger than Fiction|At least with pets, and for all I know, people too, intelligence and quick-wittedness have nothing to do with a talent for being loved, or being kind, nothing at all, less than nothing.
Marcus Samuelsson|What I felt was, if you spend your life just writing fiction, you are going to falsify your material. And the fictional form was going to force you to do things with the material, to dramatize it in a certain way. I thought nonfiction gave one a chance to explore the world, the other world, the world that one didn't know fully.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|When criticism doesn't make sense, it is usually coming from a different place.
Douglas Adams, The Salmon of Doubt|We have one real candidate for changing the rules; this is string theory. In string theory the one-dimensional trajectory of a particle in spacetime is replaced by a two-dimensional orbit of a string. Such strings can be of any size, but under ordinary circumstances they are quite tiny, ... a value determined by comparing the predictions of the theory for Newton's constant and the fine structure constant to experimental values.
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|Freedom, however, is not the last word. Freedom is only part of the story and half of the truth. Freedom is but the negative aspect of the whole phenomenon whose positive aspect is responsibleness. In fact, freedom is in danger of degenerating into mere arbitrariness unless it is lived in terms of responsibleness. That is why I recommend that the Statue of Liberty on the East Coast be supplemented by a Statue of Responsibility on the West Coast.
Cybill Cain, Poker Face|You know nothing says love like a man holding a bucket, waiting for you to hurl into it.""No, offense, you start hurling and I'm going to be needed immediately downstairs in the casino ... I guarantee it."She glared at him with only her one eye open. "That's not very roma
Tahir Shah, In Arabian Nights: A Caravan of Moroccan Dreams|Look around you, he says, waving a hand at the surrounding tables. Not a one of them even has an inkling of the things that are possible in this world, and what's worse is that none of them would listen if you attempted to enlighten them. They want to believe that magic is nothing but clever deception, because to think it real would keep them up at night, afraid of their own existence.
Stephen R. Covey, The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People: Powerful Lessons in Personal Change|churchgoing is not synonymous with personal spirituality. There are some people who get so busy in church worship and projects that they become insensitive to the pressing human needs that sourround them, contradicting the very precepts they profess to believe deeply.
Phillipa Soo|Tell me what you eat, and I will tell you who you are.
Edgar Allan Poe, Berenice|There is practically no activity that cannot be enhanced or replaced by knitting, if you really want to get obsessive about it.
Stephen Richards, NAPS: Discover The Power Of Night Audio Programs|Conscious thinking is something we do naturally, and any type of manifesting from this part of the mind shows up in all facets of our lives if we realize it or not.
Theodore Roosevelt|There were all kinds of things I was afraid of at first, ranging from grizzly bears to ‘mean’ horses and gun-fighters; but by acting as if I was not afraid I gradually ceased to be afraid.
Sarah Grimm, Wrecked|Do you know how many people would give anything for what you have? Not the fame or wealth—the opportunity to wake up tomorrow healthy, pain free and with a future stretching out before them?
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|Laws and principles are not for the times when there is no temptation: they are for such moments as this, when body and soul rise in mutiny against their rigour ... If at my convenience I might break them, what would be their worth?
Gail Carriger, Poison or Protect|Not one of us, even after last night, can say the word "ghost" without a littleinvoluntary smile. No, the menace of the supernatural is that it attacks wheremodern minds are weakest, where we have abandoned our protective armor ofsuperstition and have no substitute defense.
Jim Butcher, Storm Front|You're supposed to be a spirit of intellect. I don't understand why you're obsessed with sex."Bob's voice got defensive. "It's an academic interest, Harry.""Oh yeah? Well maybe I don't think it's fair to let your academia go peeping in other people's ho
Mary Butts, The Taverner Novels: Armed with Madness and Death of Felicity Taverner|That will be so amusing! You will have five hundred million little bells,and I shall have five hundred million springs of fresh water...
Roy  Bennett|Success, like happiness, is a by-product, not a goal.
Charbel Tadros|The universe does not carry debts, it always  returns back to you what you gave it.
Ikechukwu Izuakor, Great Reflections on Success|Don't cheat the foundation of a house because you want to save for the roofing for at the end, you will have only roofed rubbles.
Robert David Steele, The Open-Source Everything Manifesto: Transparency, Truth, and Trust|Democracy can't work. Mathematicians, peasants, and animals, that's all there is-- so democracy, a theory based on the assumption that mathematicians and peasants are equal, can never work. Wisdom is not additive; its maximum is that of the wisest man in a given group.
Allison Brennan|He had to get out, get some space between him and the world, just to breathe.
Cherise Wolas, The Resurrection of Joan Ashby|One of the single most important things a writer must do, besides writing, is reading ...... and drinking coffee.
Albert Camus|When a man has learned how to remain alone with his suffering, how to overcome his longing to flee, then he has little left to learn.
John Kuypers, What's Important Now: Shedding The Past So You Can Live In The Present|When you are present, you are not needy.
José Luís Peixoto, The Implacable Order of Things|You know what feels really fucking awesome? Loving someone so much that it's all consuming. Telling that person you love them, even though they refuse to say it back. And then finally hearing them say that they do love you, but to someone else. To someone they have slept with. Someone that isn't you. I want to forget I heard those three words. I want to dissolve the images I have in my heard of her with him. I think I'm going to throw up.
Ford Madox Ford, Parade's End|Upon my soul!' Tietjens said to himself, 'that girl down there is the only intelligent living soul I've met for years.' A little pronounced in manner sometimes; faulty in reasoning naturally, but quite intelligent, with a touch of wrong accent now and then. But if she was wanted anywhere, there she'd be! Of good stock, of course: on both sides! But positively, she and Sylvia were the only two human beings he had met for years whom he could respect: the one for sheer efficiency in killing; the other for having the constructive desire and knowing how to set about it. Kill or cure! The two functions of man. If you wanted something killed you'd go to Sylvia Tietjens in sure faith that she would kill it: emotion, hope, ideal; kill it quick and sure. If you wanted something kept alive you'd go to Valentine: she's find something to do for it. . . . The two types of mind: remorseless enemy, sure screen, dagger ... sheath!Perhaps the future of the world then was to women? Why not? He hand't in years met a man that he hadn't to talk down to - as you talk down to a child, as he had talked down to General Campion or to Mr. Waterhouse ... as he always talked down to Macmaster. All good fellows in their way ...
Sayed Kashua|Modeling isn't really a tough job. Acting is much harder: so much prep and changing your look and mannerisms. It's a more difficult lifestyle being a model. I traveled all the time. Although, now I wonder, because I travel all the time for acting, too. So they both have their difficulties.
Christina Engela, Dead Man's Hammer|Same time as every day, Fyl..." she fussed, the rest of the bridge crew seeming to hold their breaths. "TWELVE THIRTY!" came the chorus. The next hour dragged by, in about the same way as the hour before that. At twelve twenty-five, Commander Ortez found himself stepping out of an elevator into an equally mundane grey steel corridor on his way to the mess hall. Turning a corner, he met with a stream of crewmen milling around between shifts. Some off-duty personnel were lounging around in civvies, which consisted mostly of re-revamped 60's hippy fashions. Of all the places on the ship, the mess was the most spacious, (i.e.: it was a big mess.) The command officer’s balcony overhung the rest of the crew dining area. Ortez sat at his usual place, wincing as he remembered to get someone to fix the springs in his chair. An ensign, 3rd class dressed in chef’s white, served him with a plate of what either ended up feeding the chefs latest pet - or strangling it. Marnetti, Barnum and the sciences officer Commander Jaris Skotchdopole filed in, not necessarily in that order, and found seats. After a few bites, Marnetti -- who was the first officer and navigator, put up a hand and signalled a waiter. The lad approached fearfully, appreciating the highlight of his day.
Winston Churchill|Human evolution relies on cooperation, which is why identity politics feels so backward.
Stephen Fry, Paperweight|I like to think of this little [newspaper] column as a brassière, or do I mean brasserie? Brazier, possibly. All three! A column that lifts, separates, supports, serves excellent cappuccino and crackles merrily with sweet-smelling old chestnuts.
Nevil Shute, Ruined City|You did not die when you were drawing public assistance money, but you certainly did not remain alive.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Your mouth can correct what is wrong. Your eyes can see evil and your mouth can speak righteousness. Your body can say I am sick while your mouth can say I am healed. Your eyes can say I am blind but your mouth can say I can see, Your pocket can say I am empty while your mouth can say I am swimming in abundance. Your Doctor can say that you are HIV Postive and Cancer but your mouth can say my body is a holy temple of God and by His stripes I am healed. Your womb can say that you are barren while your mouth can say "Behold, children are a gift of the LORD, The fruit of the womb is a reward." Don´t live by sight, live by faith. Put it in practice.
Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse|You are okay?" he asked. "Not eaten by monsters?""Not even a little bit." I showed him that I still had both arms and both legs, and Tyson clapped happily."Yay!" he said. "Now we can eat peanut butter sandwiches and ride fish ponies! We can fight monsters and see Annabeth and make things go BOOM!"I hoped he didn't mean all at the same time, but I told him absolutely, we'd have a lot of fun this summer.
Laurie R. King, The Beekeeper's Apprentice|Tell me about yourself, Miss Russel."I started to give him the obligatory response, first the demurral and then the reluctant flat autobiography, but some slight air of polite inattention in his manner stopped me. Instead, I found myself grinning at him."Why don't you tell me about myself, Mr. Holmes?
Peach-Pit, Shugo Chara!, Vol. 2: Friends in Need|A thin grey fog hung over the city, and the streets were very cold; for summer was in England.
Alin Sav|Leadership means welcoming the truth, that there might be a more skilled one than you.
Nikola Tesla|I mean, maybe I am crazy. I mean, maybe. But if this is all there is, then I don't want to be sane.
M.R. Carey, The Girl with All the Gifts|The problem is not the misunderstanding we have, but the understanding we have missed. We must come to come to a certain understanding; to understand understanding, we need to understand understanding and we must understand with understanding!
Robert Leland Taylor, Holy Toledo and the Virgin Shirley|The eeriness of the weeping moss from the trees, reminding me of shrouds covering the faces of mourners. There are people coming home from work, families going out to dinner, couples walking through the squares. My wish is that none of them are ever touched by the darkness I see.
J.K. Rowling|Every TODAY has a better version, called TOMORROW.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|Don’t take this the wrong way, but Australians have a LOT of bitches on their cashola.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|The big miracle you await will likely first appear in a small encounter or chance event. So always be aware and open, you never know what today will bring.
George Eliot, Impressions of Theophrastus Such|As happens sometimes, a moment settled and hovered and remained for much more than a moment. And sound stopped and movement stopped for much, much more than a moment.
Richard Rogers|Washington, D.C., has everything that Rome, Paris and London have in the way of great architecture - great power bases. Washington has obelisks and pyramids and underground tunnels and great art and a whole shadow world that we really don't see.
Jenny Hubbard, Paper Covers Rock|You have to stop and freeze the moment," he told me I had told her. "You have to make yourself remember by repeating it in your head over and over. You have to write to preserve your sanity.
Steven Pinker|I must say, when I reread myself, it's the poetry I tend to look at. It's the most exciting to write, and it's over the quickest.
Julia Green, Breathing Underwater|You're the most important person in my life," I whispered. "You're the only man I ever let in.""But I'm not in, Stace. I'm standing on the porch in the pouring rain, waiting for you to open the door. I've been waiting ever since you left after graduation, ever since you came back last year. Even now, you've let me into your bed, but not into your heart. I'm still waiting.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|In business, ruthlessness is righteousness.Seldom are there those, whom are ruthlessly righteous.Listen to these people, before the Earth repents of mankind.
Sommer Marsden, Learning to Drown|No running. Watch her come. Can you see how close she is, Sophie? Lucein rocked his cock into her hand against her backside.See how pink she is. Christ... Lucein whispered.You're even more beautiful, Sophie.
Viswanathan Anand|The pilgrims on the Mayflower landed at Plymouth Rock. To my knowledge, they didn't wait around for a return trip to Europe. You settle some place with a purpose. If you don't want to do that, stay home. You avoid an awful lot of risks by not venturing outward.
Tim O'Brien, The Things They Carried|What stories can do, I guess, is make things present.I can look at things I never looked at. I can attach faces to grief and love and pity and God. I can be brave. I can make myself feel again.
Patti Scialfa|I love a good laugh as well, I think that's so important in life, which is probably why I've dabbled in comedy writing as well as horror. I think if you can make someone laugh or smile it's the most special thing in the world.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Diligence and Application have their due Encouragement, even in the remotest Parts of the World, and that no Case can be so low, so despicable, or so empty of Prospect, but that an unwearied Industry will go a great way to deliver us from it, will in time raise the meanest Creature to appear again in the World, and give him a new Case for his Life.
Mark Twain, Собрание сочинений в восьми томах|The usual fiction – that the war would involve precision targeting and the careful avoidance of civilian deaths – was stated by Tony Blair at the beginning of the war. After similar bombing campaigns against Yugoslavia and Iraq, Blair was by now acting as virtual White House spokesperson, providing the pretence of an 'international coalition' in what was clearly a US war. This role was more important than Britain's military contribution, which in the early days of the bombing campaign was token and probably of no military value. The British army did later prove useful, however, when it was...
Lao Tzu|Indeed, this life is a test. It is a test of many things - of our convictions and priorities, our faith and our faithfulness, our patience and our resilience, and in the end, our ultimate desires.
Isaac Asimov, Foundation and Earth|Every day we are challenged by events, people and situations that are extremely frustrating and anger producing.
Jon Stewart|We are all serving a life sentence, and good behavior is our only hope for a pardon.
James Wan|While the sciences are hugely important, let us not leave behind a child's imagination.
Kris Vallotton|Nothing you did could have changed anything. And that being angry and blaming yourself for not being able to control the past or the future is only going to hurt worse. If you keep thinking like this, you will only be re-inventing pain.Heaven would tell you that it’s just a little rain. And it’s not the rain that kills you, it’s the pain of wanting to control the sun.
Stephen Richards, Harry's Fight: Harry Marsden - From Catholic Care Home Abuse To Gangster To Good Fellow|I dived out of the office and I was gone … hitting these fields like a mad March hare. This wasn’t Born Free, it was RUN FREE!
Marlee Matlin|Yeah, to me, acting is very therapeutic. I get out a lot of anger and frustration.
Avis J. Williams|You cannot change the past, but you can make a difference now
Billy Collins|He wouldn't perform without a recording now, she was certain, like a poet working in the oral tradition who had been contaminated by the advent of the recording device and so insisted that all improvisations be saved for posterity.
Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night|Every reader has found charms by which to secure possession of a page that, by magic, becomes as if never read before, fresh and immaculate.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|This mountain, the arched back of the earth risen before us, it made me feel humble, like a beggar, just lucky to be here at all, even briefly.
Paolo Giordano|Those who refuse to grow, those who only finish school and call it quits regret through life.
Donald McCaig|Once they become AKC registered, the newspapers will become flooded with ads for them. And you'll see Border collies in pet stores and animal shelters.
George Santayana|Everything in nature is lyrical in its ideal essence, tragic in its fate, and comic in its existence.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you thought of it, don't be fooled into thinking it is a dumb Idea.
J.R. Ward, The King|I sense that you won’t let the world push you into a life you don’t want. Maybe I’m wrong so let me at least say this: Fight, America. You might not want to fight for the things that most others would fight for, like money or notoriety, but fight all the same. Whatever it is that you want, America, go after it with all that you have in you. If you can keep from letting fear make you settle for second best, then I can’t ask for anything more from you. Live your life. Be as happy as you can be, let go of the things that don’t matter, and fight.
Thomm Quackenbush, We Shadows|Private moments held not a candle to coitus, not even the expensive kind of candle that made the whole room smell of far off seasons.
Debbie Ford, The Best Year of Your Life: Dream It, Plan It, Live It|There is one art, no more, no less, to do all things with artlessness.
Carl Jung|As human beings we do change, grow, adapt, perhaps even learn and become wiser.
Michael  Grant, Light|But then had come the voice that said, Come on, you little freak, wherever the hell you are, whatever the hell you are, let’s get this done with.
Benjamin Lotter|if you rest at work, you will work at rest
K.M. Randall, Fractured Dream|Yeah, but what we need are some fighters who know how to take down a wolf. I know three.""If you are going to get the Pigs, you'll need backup. They're not to be trifled with.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Since in fact liturgical traditions, vestments, church vessels, etc., were immediately removed wherever Calvinism infiltrated or Reformed ideas even gained influence in the church's polity, the reaction which it caused in Lutheran areas was a conscious propensity for ceremonies. Henceforth, therefore, the celebration of an emphatically liturgical service was among the visible signs by which the Lutheran character of confession was demonstrated outwardly.
Lea Seydoux|For me, public service is an honor, and I have the ultimate respect for the rule of law.
Abraham Ruiz|It can be hard to write a skillfully entertaining fiction, but a great book wants to be more, and wants more from us.
Danielle Esplin, Give It Back|I hate reading poems—school made me hate them. I’d spend hours interpreting one, just to read the memorandum and realize I’d be fucked during exams. I remember making a little asterisk next to every question I struggled with, and at the end of the paper, I’d realize I was looking at the fucking Milky Way.
Tao Lin, Bed|Until one morning, one of the coldest mornings of the year, when I came in with the book cart and found Jean Hollis Clark, a fellow librarian, standing dead still in the middle of the staff room."I heard a noise from the drop box," Jean said."What kind of noise?""I think it's an animal.""A what?""An animal," Jean said. "I think there's an animal in the drop box."That was when I heard it, a low rumble from under the metal cover. It didn't sound like an animal. It sounded like an old man clearing his throat.Gurr-gug-gug. Gurr-gug-gug.But the opening at the top of the chute was only a few inches wide, so that would be quite a squeeze for an old man. It had to be an animal. But what kind? I got down on my knees, reached over the lid, and hoped for a chipmunk.What I got instead was a blast of freezing air. The night before, the temperature had reached minus fifteen degrees, and that didn't take into account the wind, which cut under your coat and squeezed your bones. And on that night, of all nights, someone had jammed a book into return slot, wedging it open. It was as cold in the box as it was outside, maybe colder, since the box was lined with metal. It was the kind of cold that made it almost painful to breathe.I was still catching my breath, in fact, when I saw the kitten huddled in the front left corner of the box. It was tucked up in a little space underneath a book, so all I could see at first was its head. It looked grey in the shadows, almost like a little rock, and I could tell its fur was dirty and tangled. Carefully, I lifted the book. The kitten looked up at me, slowly and sadly, and for a second I looked straight into its huge golden eyes. The it lowered its head and sank back down into its hole.At that moment, I lost every bone in my body and just melted.
Dwight D. Eisenhower|The first lesson is that you can't lose a war if you have command of the air, and you can't win a war if you haven't.
Aminta Arrington, Unsavory Elements: Stories of Foreigners on the Loose in China|Bedtime makes you realize how completely incapable you are of being in charge of another human being. My children act like they've never been to sleep before. "Bed? What's that? No, I'm not doing that." They never want to go to bed. This is is another thing that I will never have in common with my children.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|As a rule, however, an increase in the value of money spreads only gradually. The first of those who have to content themselves with lower prices than before for the commodities they sell, while they still have to pay the old higher prices for the commodities they buy, are those who are injured by the increase in the value of money. Those, however, who are the last to have to reduce the prices of the commodities they sell, and have meanwhile been able to take advantage of the fall in the prices of other things, are those who profit by the change.
Ayelet Waldman|In Australia, even the darkest subject matter has a little pinch of humor. A little sweet to make the sour go down.
Darrin Grimwood, Destroy All Robots|When you took a man's job away from him, his ability to feed and clothe his family, that man was going to get angry.
Jerry Spinelli, Love, Stargirl|Do not follow me! Let's just be fabulously where we are and who we are. You be you and I'll be me, today and today and today, and let's trust the future to tommorrow. Let the stars keep track of us. Let us ride our own orbits and trust that they will meet. May our reunion be not a finding but a sweet collision of destinies!
Dr Stephen McKenzie and Dr Craig Hassed|The beauty of mindful-life-breath meditation is that you are not restricted to having to sit in the lotus position to be present. Whether you are on a busy train, driving a car or walking down a crowded high-street, you can easily remind yourself to focus on your breathing. Appreciate the subtle sensation of oxygen flowing in and out of your nostrils.
Vicki Courtney, Five Conversations You Must Have with Your Daughter|If you can give your son or daughet only one gift, let it be enthusiasm.
Dalai Lama XIV|Now there are many, many people in the world, but relatively few with whom we interact, and even fewer who cause us problems. So when you come across such a chance for practicing patience and tolerance, you should treat it with gratitude. It is rare. Just as having unexpectedly found a treasure in your own house, you should be happy and grateful toward your enemy for providing you that precious opportunity. Because if you are ever to be successful in your practice of patience and tolerance, which are critical factors in counteracting negative emotions, it is due to your own efforts and also the opportunity provided by your enemy.
Jo M. Sekimonyo, l'enfer c'est lui|Souvenez-vous toujours que dans la vie, la passion sans vision est une perte d’énergie, et que la vision sans passion est une impasse.
Carlos Fuentes, The Good Conscience|Cristo quería a los justos, habitaba las buenas conciencias, pertenecía a los hombres de bien, a la gente decente, a las buenas reputaciones. ¡Que cargara el diablo con los humildes, con los pecadores, con los abandonados, con los rebeldes, con los miserables, con los que quedaban al margen del orden aceptado!
Michelle M. Pillow, Love Potions|For your next act, please don't pull any rabbits out of my... well, hat."....He licked playfully at her mouth. "And ya can't call my manhood 'rabbit'.At least give it a manly name I can brag about.
Chris Riddell|When you read a comic book, there's a space between what's happening on the panel and what you have to literally see in your mind. That's not true of movies, where you see everything.
Mary Weber|but wouldn't it be easier to let go?" she whispered brokenly, desperately."would it be easy to carve out a piece of my heart?" he shook his head. "no, you are a part of me now, and whether or not you are in this world, know that i will forever carry a piece of you with me.
Leviak B. Kelly, Religion: The Ultimate STD: Living a Spiritual Life without Dogmatics or Cultural Destruction|Freedom and wildness, that which we were born into, is a grand mystery and miracle that creates a openness reserved not for barring us in but for keeping us out of cages. It is our ability to find the truth that has been a survival tool for our species both individually and corporately.
George Orwell, Why I Write|It is bound to be a failure, every book is a failure, but I do know with some clarity what kind of book I want to write.
John Ruskin|No changing of place at a hundred miles an hour will make us one whit stronger, or happier, or wiser. There was always more in the world than man could see, walked they ever so slowly; they will see it no better for going fast. The really precious things are thought and sight, not pace. It does a bullet no good to go fast; and a man, if he be truly a man, no harm to go slow; for his glory is not at all in going, but in being.
Val Uchendu|Love is everything, love is God in us. Love what you do, those you do it for, love others and yourself. Love is the key to success, prosperity and happiness. Give love always and you'll never lack love.
Yakov Smirnoff|Every man who rises above the common level has received two educations: the first from his teachers; the second, more personal and important, from himself.
Anna Kendrick|The real important things are kindness and a sense of humor. I've been fortunate to have dated and could have easily married women who have those qualities, and time and circumstances didn't work out. Timing plays a big part.
Krista Tippett, Becoming Wise: An Inquiry into the Mystery and Art of Living|Spiritual humility is not about getting small, not about debasing oneself, but about approaching everything and everyone else with a readiness to see goodness and to be surprised. This is the humility of a child, which Jesus lauded. It is the humility of the scientist and the mystic. It has a lightness of step, not a heaviness of heart. That lightness is the surest litmus test I know for recognizing wisdom when you see it in the world or feel its stirrings in yourself. The questions that can lead us are already alive in our midst, waiting to be summoned and made real. It is a joy to name them. It is a gift to plant them in our senses, our bodies, the places we inhabit, the part of the world we can see and touch and help to heal. It is a relief to claim our love of each other and take that on as an adventure, a calling. It is a pleasure to wonder at the mystery we are and find delight in the vastness of reality that is embedded in our beings. It is a privilege to hold something robust and resilient called hope, which has the power to shift the world on its axis.
Margot Lee Shetterly, Hidden Figures: The American Dream and the Untold Story of the Black Women Mathematicians Who Helped Win the Space Race|If race disappears as a category of official division, as it has in most of the world, this will facilitate the emergence of a plural racial order where the groups exist in practice but are not official recognized - and anyone trying to address racial division is likely to be chided for racializing the population.
Adelaide Crapsey, Verse by Adelaide Crapsey|If itWere lighter touchThan petal of flower restingOn grass, oh still too heavy it were,Too heavy!
Michele L. Rivera, Never the Same|Ultimately, classroom teachers are the targets of this anger, as they are the public face of the education system. As a group, teachers work very hard with limited resources. They are called upon to equalize the inequities our society creates, and to offer not just equal educational opportunities, but equal educational outcomes to all children.
Toni Morrison, Beloved|Paul D did not answer because she didn't expect or want him to, but he did know what she meant. Listening to the doves in Alfred, Georgia, and having neither the right nor the permission to enjoy it because in that place mist, doves, sunlight, copper dirt, moon - everything belonged to the men who had the guns. Little men, some of them, big men too, each one of whom he could snap like a twig if he wanted to. Men who knew that their manhood lay in their guns and were not even embarrassed by the knowledge that without fox would laugh at them. And these "men" who made even vixen laugh could, if you let them, stop you from hearing doves or loving moonlight. So you protected yourself and loved small. Picked the tiniest stars out of the sky to own; lay down with head twisted in order to see the loved one over the rim of the trench before you slept. Stole shy glances at her between the trees at chain-up. Glass blades, salamanders, spiders, woodpeckers, beetles, a kingdom of ants. Anything bigger wouldn't do. A woman, a child, a brother - a big love like that would split you wide open in Alfred, Georgia. He knew exactly what she meant: to get to a place where you could love anything you chose - not to need permission for desire - well now, THAT was freedom.
Northern Adams, Mickey and the Gargoyle|True friends never turn you away when all you need is someone to talk to. Ever. It's not the only thing that helps, but it's the only thing that works. Real friends never walk away, letting you slip deeper into the pit of despair.
Ingrid Betancourt, Even Silence Has an End: My Six Years of Captivity in the Colombian Jungle|He spoke in hard and angry earnest, if a man ever did," replied the girl, shaking her head. "He is an earnest man when his hatred is up. I know many who do worse things; but I'd rather listen to them all a dozen times, than to that Monks once.
Pastor Steve Bainbridge|The most tragic thing anyone could ever say to us is “Oh – you're a Christian? I had no idea!” It is not who we say we are, but how we are recognized. Let's remember, “In Antioch the disciples were first called Christians “ and By this all people will know that you are my disciples, if you have love for one another.” Dear brothers and sisters, let our walk match our talk and be doers of the word...
L. Frank Baum, The Wonderful Wizard of Oz|If I ever go looking for my heart's desire again, I won't look any further than my own back yard. Because if it isn't there, I never really lost it to begin with.
Katherine Ramsland, The Science of Vampires|Max raised the mallet. He stared into her face and wished he could say he was sorry, that he didn't want to do it. When he slammed the mallet down, with an echoing bang, he heard a high, piercing scream and almost screamed himself, believing for an instant it was her, still somehow alive; then realized it was Rudy. Max was powerfully built, with his, deep water-buffalo chest and Dutch farmer's shoulders. With the first blow he had driven the stake over two-thirds of the way in. He only needed to bring the mallet down once more. The blood that squelched up around the wood was cold and had a sticky, viscous consistency.Max swayed, his head light. His father took his arm.'Goot,' Abraham whispered into his ear, his arms around him, squeezing him so tightly his ribs creaked. Max felt a little thrill of pleasure - an automatic reaction to the intense, unmistakable affection of his father's embrace - and was sickened by it. 'To do offense to the house of the human spirit, even after its tenant depart, is no easy thing, I know.'("Abraham's Boys")
Said Elias Dawlabani, MEMEnomics: The Next-Generation Economic System|Coitus can scarcely be said to take place in a vacuum; although of itself it appears a biological and physical activity, it is set so deeply within the larger context of human affairs that it serves as a charged microcosm of the variety of attitudes and values to which culture subscribes. Among other things, it may serve as a model of sexual politics on an individual or personal plane.
Ian Doescher|I gave you all!" screeched Lear, waving a palsied claw at Regan."And you took your bloody time giving it, too, you senile old fuck," said Regan.
Andy Stanley, Fields Of Gold|God prospers me not to raise my standard of living, but to raise my standard of giving.
Charlotte Perkins Gilman|It is in the compelling zest of high adventure and of victory, and in creative action, that man finds his supreme joys.
Mark W. Boyer|After reading some of my stories, I once had a friend say to me, "I'd love to spend five minutes in your head to see what's going on in there." I warned them, "If you spent five seconds in my mind you'd probably run out screaming and never speak to me again.
Portugas D. Ace|Be What You Want To Be,Not Who Others Wants To See
Anton Chekhov|Medicine is my lawful wife, and literature is my mistress. When I get fed up with one, I spend the night with the other. Though it is irregular, it is less boring this way, and besides, neither of them loses anything through my infidelity.
Saga Valsalan|The world around you know only that reflects on you, that is the success of a joker too.
Theodore J. Kaczynski, Industrial Society and Its Future: The Unabomber Manifesto|73. ...There is no law that says we have to go to work every day and follow our employer’s orders. Legally there is nothing to prevent us from going to live in the wild like primitive people or from going into business for ourselves. But in practice there is very little wild country left, and there is room in the economy for only a limited number of small business owners. Hence most of us can survive only as someone else’s employee.
Thea Harrison, Shadow's End|London was littered with social clubs and houses of chance, but Malfeasance was not just any gaming hell. It was located in the most notorious part of London and, Graydon had heard, was run by a pariah Djinn named Malphas.
Christine Fonseca, Transcend|I press my lips hard against hers, tasting her desire, her pain, her love, her confusion. At once I’m in two lives, two worlds, two places.
Guru Nanak|There is but One God, His name is Truth, He is the Creator, He fears none, he is without hate, He never dies, He is beyond the cycle of births and death, He is self illuminated, He is realized by the kindness of the True Guru. He was True in the beginning, He was True when the ages commenced and has ever been True, He is also True now.
Tillie Olsen|What then is time? If no one asks me, I know what it is. If I wish to explain it to him who asks, I do not know.
Maurice Maeterlinck, The Treasure of the humble|… it is that such of us as have loved deeply have learnt many secrets that are unknown to others; for thousands and thousands of things quiver in silence on the lips of true friendship and love, that are not to be found in the silence of other lips, to which friendship and love are unknown. …
Leonard Cohen|I loved you when you opened like a lily to the heat; you see I’m just another snowman standing in the rain and sleet who loved you with his frozen love, his second hand physique, with all he is and all he was a thousand kisses deep.
Stacey Turis, Here's to Not Catching Our Hair on Fire: An Absent-Minded Tale of Life with Giftedness and Attention Deficit - Oh Look! A Chicken!|Resentment is the act of stabbing yourself repeatedly in the heart with a knife, hoping the other person dies.
Andy Garcia|Everybody, even me, sometimes had to compromise on something, doing things we know to be wrong, and this happens doing whatever job in the world. But a singer must have the courage of saying no.
Banani Ray, Awakening Inner Guru|Life is a song made of the musical rhythm of the body, words of the mind and the melodious silence of the soul.
Lisa Mischelle Wood, Just Believe: A Collection of Christian Poetry|A feeling that He's right here with you or that you're miles apart, is the difference of a prayer with love, or with an absence of the heart.
John Berger|There are poets,there are philosophers, there are spiritualists and me. I try to foot the bill of these mighty three.
Hermann Hesse|Without words, without writing and without books there would be no history, there could be no concept of humanity.
Whitney Otto, How to Make an American Quilt|The truly terrible thing about this life, was not knowing what you want, but only able to recognize what you do not want. You have to spend so much time and energy trying to find it out, time that other people spent in pursuing of their desires.
Kamand Kojouri|When, at last, I ceased to be myself, I came to be.
James     Baldwin, The Fire Next Time|Life is tragic simply because the earth turns and the sun inexorably rises and sets, and one day, for each of us, the sun will go down for the last, last time. Perhaps the whole root of our trouble, the human trouble, is that we will sacrifice all the beauty of our lives, will imprison ourselves in totems, taboos, crosses, blood sacrifices, steeples, mosques, races, armies, flags, nations, in order to deny the fact of death, the only fact we have. It seems to me that one ought to rejoice in the fact of death--ought to decide, indeed, to earn one's death by confronting with passion the conundrum of life. One is responsible for life: It is the small beacon in that terrifying darkness from which we come and to which we shall return.
Cassandra Clare|But you hate poetry!Yes, but you make me want to write it.
Essex Hemphill|Freedman Town serves a good purpose - not for the people who live there, Lord knows; people stuck there by poverty, by prejudice, by laws that keep them from moving or working. Freedman Town's purpose is for the rest of the world. The world that sits, like Martha, with dark glasses on, staring from a distance, scared but safe. Create a pen like that, give people no choice but to live like animals, and then people get to point at them and say 'Will you look at those animals? That's what kind of people those people are'.
Katie McGarry, Red at Night|Thank you Jonah."  He lowers his head at the break in my voice. I ignore the moisture in his eyes and pretend that mine don't sting.  "For what?" he whispers.  " For showing me that people can change. Even if it is one person out of a million.
Anton Chekhov, The Cherry Orchard|And what does it mean -- dying? Perhaps man has a hundred senses, and only the five we know are lost at death, while the other ninety-five remain alive.
Seneca, The Stoic Philosophy of Seneca: Essays and Letters|For what prevents us from saying that the happy life is to have a mind that is free, lofty, fearless and steadfast - a mind that is placed beyond the reach of fear, beyond the reach of desire, that counts virtue the only good, baseness the only evil, and all else but a worthless mass of things, which come and go without increasing or diminishing the highest good, and neither subtract any part from the happy life nor add any part to it?A man thus grounded must, whether he wills or not, necessarily be attended by constant cheerfulness and a joy that is deep and issues from deep within, since he finds delight in his own resources, and desires no joys greater than his inner joys.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann, Love Poems|The thing about love is one can never define it exactly. And as much of a mystery as that is and as familiar it is when we acknowledge it, words just aren't enough. So we find ourselves scratching the walls while our hair is falling out. Then we can't live without it. We become addicts.
T.J. Klune, Into This River I Drown|Michael doesn't flinch. 'You can't know,' he says quietly, 'how much you truly love something until it's gone.' 'That's not fair,' I say as I tremble. 'No one said it would be. He tests you, Benji, and he tests Calliel for a supremely simple reason. You are tested because if you aren't, how could you know what you believe in?' 
Nicos Hadjicostis|If you think you can stand to know what you’re made of, try kneeling before God.
Hillary DePiano, The Love of Three Oranges: A Play for the Theatre That Takes the Commedia Dell'arte of Carlo Gozzi and Updates It for the New Millennium|The Macedonian Endeavour Channel was screening live coverage of the world series of the Who’s Got the Stupidest Name (WGSN) competition. First prize had already gone to Brian Burdock, a French Algerian with a penchant for Longchamp.
Keith Porteous Wood|The word miracle, as pronounced by Christian churches, gives a false impression; it is a monster. It is not one with the blowing clover and the falling rain.
Mary Buckham, Invisible Magic|Humans did not want to know about non-humans. Funny thing was most non-humans felt the same way, happy to hide their abilities and talents to avoid witch hunts and wholesale slaughter.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|The Indians around here tell a cautionary fable about a great saint who was always surrounded in his Ashram by loyal devotees. For hours a day, the saint and his followers would meditate on God. The only problem was that the saint had a young cat, an annoying creature, who used to walk through the temple meowing and purring and bothering everyone during meditation. So the saint, in all his practical wisdom, commanded that the cat be tied to a pole outside for a few hours a day, only during meditation, so as to not disturb anyone. This became a habit – tying the cat to the pole and then meditating on God – but as years passed, the habit hardened into religious ritual. Nobody could meditate unless the cat was tied to the pole first. Then one day the cat died. The saint's followers were panic-stricken. It was a major religious crisis – how could they meditate now, without a cat to tie to a pole? How would they reach God? In their minds, the cat had become the means.
Doc Pruyne, Persimmon|When one opens themselves to spiritual perception, the world becomes a magical place.
Obert Skye|…Magic is often a tricky thing. Often it is explainable. People fly through the air in planes and live underwater in submarines. Plants grow within weeks and cities operate and sustain millions of people. A person can talk to practically anyone almost anywhere around the world instantly. People’s images are transported by photo in the time it takes to press a button. Dinosaurs seem real, huge apes exist, and other worlds are a movie ticket away.
Jung Chang, Empress Dowager Cixi: The Concubine Who Launched Modern China|Cixi’s lack of formal education was more than made up for by her intuitive intelligence, which she liked to use from her earliest years. In 1843, when she was seven, the empire had just finished its first war with the West, the Opium War, which had been started by Britain in reaction to Beijing clamping down on the illegal opium trade conducted by British merchants. China was defeated and had to pay a hefty indemnity. Desperate for funds, Emperor Daoguang (father of Cixi’s future husband) held back the traditional presents for his sons’ brides – gold necklaces with corals and pearls – and vetoed elaborate banquets for their weddings. New Year and birthday celebrations were scaled down, even cancelled, and minor royal concubines had to subsidise their reduced allowances by selling their embroidery on the market through eunuchs. The emperor himself even went on surprise raids of his concubines’ wardrobes, to check whether they were hiding extravagant clothes against his orders. As part of a determined drive to stamp out theft by officials, an investigation was conducted of the state coffer, which revealed that more “than nine million taels of silver had gone missing. Furious, the emperor ordered all the senior keepers and inspectors of the silver reserve for the previous forty-four years to pay fines to make up the loss – whether or not they were guilty. Cixi’s great-grandfather had served as one of the keepers and his share of the fine amounted to 43,200 taels – a colossal sum, next to which his official salary had been a pittance. As he had died a long time ago, his son, Cixi’s grandfather, was obliged to pay half the sum, even though he worked in the Ministry of Punishments and had nothing to do with the state coffer. After three years of futile struggle to raise money, he only managed to hand over 1,800 taels, and an edict signed by the emperor confined him to prison, only to be released if and when his son, Cixi’s father, delivered the balance.The life of the family was turned upside down. Cixi, then eleven years old, had to take in sewing jobs to earn extra money – which she would remember all her life and would later talk about to her ladies-in-waiting in the court. “As she was the eldest of two daughters and three sons, her father discussed the matter with her, and she rose to the occasion. Her ideas were carefully considered and practical: what possessions to sell, what valuables to pawn, whom to turn to for loans and how to approach them. Finally, the family raised 60 per cent of the sum, enough to get her grandfather out of prison. The young Cixi’s contribution to solving the crisis became a family legend, and her father paid her the ultimate compliment: ‘This daughter of mine is really more like a son!’Treated like a son, Cixi was able to talk to her father about things that were normally closed areas for women. Inevitably their conversations touched on official business and state affairs, which helped form Cixi’s lifelong interest. Being consulted and having her views acted on, she acquired self-confidence and never accepted the com“common assumption that women’s brains were inferior to men’s. The crisis also helped shape her future method of rule. Having tasted the bitterness of arbitrary punishment, she would make an effort to be fair to her officials.
Eraldo Banovac|Managers can use power, money or certain circumstances to achieve short-term results. However, motivation is crucial for achieving long-term results.
Amrita Singh|She has been more than a mother than me - not much, but definitely more... She's been an unsolicited stylist, interior decorator and marriage counselor... Admittedly, I found it difficult to share my mother with her adoring fans, who treated her like she was part of their family.
Mo Rocca|Ultimately, so much Dr. Seuss is about empowerment. He invites us to disappear into our imagination and then blows the doors off what that can mean.
Arianne Cohen, The Tall Book: A Celebration of Life from on High|We are all somewhere else, during.
ASAP Ferg|I'm calculating, self-sufficient, reserved, and I enjoy being alone.
Greg Rucka|I can remember being at Sandringham, for the first time, at Christmas. And I was worried what to give the Queen as her Christmas present. I was thinking, 'Gosh, what should I give her?'. I thought, 'I'll make her something.' Which could have gone horribly wrong. But I decided to make my granny's recipe of chutney.
Anna Hope, The Ballroom|I thought I knew madness, but I didn’t know it before you.
Kimberly Guilfoyle|If anybody has a bad day, they'll just come to my room because they know I'll bring out the positive in everything, or I'll make them laugh, or I'll be just crazy.
Kelley York, Made of Stars|Energetics is a word I coined to speak about the unseen energies of life – the invisible vibrations that flow in, around, and between each of us and everything in our universe; vibrations that though unseen, effect us and are effected by us.
Joan Didion, The Year of Magical Thinking|Why did I think that this improvisation could never end? If I had seen that it could, what would I have done differently? What would he?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|To every difficulty, God’s grace abounds.
Mordecai Richler, Barney's Version|He did have his beliefs, chiefly in his own genius.
Brandon Sanderson, The Well of Ascension|It is a time of change,'' Sazed said. ''Perhaps it is also time to learn of other truths, other ways.
Kate Forsyth|Her support was a constant, one of the few good things I could take as a given. And whenever I see a first novel dedicated to a wife (or a husband), I smile and think, There’s someone who knows.” Writing is a lonely job. Having someone who believes in you makes a lot of difference. They don’t have to make speeches. Just believing is usually enough.
Lisa Kessler, Ice Moon|Kissing her mouth, I plunged deep inside of her. I shivered and it had nothing to do with the cool breeze coming through the windows. Her body was made for me. Perfect. And I wanted this moment to last forever.
Lailah Gifty Akita|There is no limit to what you can do, be determined!
Robyn Carr, The Newcomer|Olivia, I’ll put on a show in front of your friends, at your work, whenever we’re in public. But I’m growing tired of pretending when we’re alone. Don’t tempt me.
Stephen Fry|If you know someone who’s depressed, please resolve never to ask them why. Depression isn’t a straightforward response to a bad situation; depression just is, like the weather.Try to understand the blackness, lethargy, hopelessness, and loneliness they’re going through. Be there for them when they come through the other side. It’s hard to be a friend to someone who’s depressed, but it is one of the kindest, noblest, and best things you will ever do.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|when you do more than you learn, you leave a distinctive notable footprint on earth
Mallanaga Vātsyāyana, Kama Sutra|IF a woman has manifested her love or desire, either by signs or by motions of the body,and is afterwards rarely or never seen anywhere, or if a woman is met for the first time,the man should get a go-between to approach her.
Maryanne O'Hara, Cascade|So many people came into your life, and they were such a part of the everyday that it was impossible to imagine them gone until, one day, they were.
Umberto Eco|I have a hardcore attitude: a “self-published, ghost-written book” is wrong because the concept behind self publishing is that you have knowledge or emotions that you want to express. Whenpeople read a book—particularly a self-published one—they have the right to expect that it’s the person’s writing, not cleaned-up dictation or slapping a name on a book that someone else wrote.
Gustave Flaubert|From time to time, I open a newspaper. Things seem to be proceeding at a dizzying rate. We are dancing not on the edge of a volcano, but on the wooden seat of a latrine, and it seems to me more than a touch rotten. Soon society will go plummeting down and drown in nineteen centuries of shit. There’ll be quite a lot of shouting. (1850)
Dave Barry|Growing up in New York City, I was always encouraged to question authority, and I think I confused patriotism with jingoism.
Theodore Dalrymple|And there was this sweet-looking little old lady with her white hair in a bun and everything, the typical grandmother type, and she was swearing her head off. I guess Alzheimer's had brought out her inner sailor.
S.J. Kincaid|Vengeance is pointless, but certain men did not have a place in the world we sought to construct
Debasish Mridha|Fear is a powerful beast, if it is allowed the mastery.
Ann Aguirre|The Commonwealth is a vital and positive partnership between countries striving to develop trade relations and promote democracy and human rights, united by shared values.
Jodi Picoult, Handle with Care|I always hated when my scars started to fade, because as long as I could still see them, I knew why I was hurting.
Evelyn Rose, Weekend Cook: 100 Sensational Dishes For The Cook In A Hurry|We have 99 reasons to say "NO" Only one reason we have to say "Yes"that is "YES"I'll do it.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Stop shouting praise the Lord when you can't handle your life, you can't represent God when you are messing up his reputation.
Scott D. Lewis, The Hypnosis Treatment Option: Proven Solutions for Pain, Insomnia, Stress, Obesity, and Other Common Health Problems|I used to send my characters into a fire that necessarily consumed them, but I have learned, a little, how to send them through the fire to a new place. The characters who do not change — most notably Nakota in Cipher, Bibi in Skin, and Lena in Kink — are motivated by an essential selfishness or self-centeredness, an unwillingness to relinquish control to the process, a refusal to become.
Bree Despain, The Dark Divine|But why is it so hard to forgive?' Mrs. Conners asked.'Pride,' Dad said. 'This person has already wronged you in some way, and now you are the one who has to swallow your pride, give something up, in order to forgive him.
Akiroq Brost|Life is a one shot deal, it is entirely up to you what you do with it. Me? I intend to make it the best I can, for as long as I can.
Jane Goldman|I do a lot of sexy publicity, but I have yet to have any bad experiences regarding jealousy.
Barton Gellman|I favor pocket-sized hard drives that travel between home and office, syncing with computers on both ends.
Sheeba Shamsudeen|If there is ONE THING that you do today, let it be this...Don't take life WAY too seriously.
Edith Wharton|Yes - it was happiness she still wanted, and the glimpse she had caught of it made everything else of no account. One by one she had detached herself from the baser possibilities , and she saw that nothing now remained to her but the emptiness of renunciation. "The House of Mirth
Lailah Gifty Akita|makes it look easy when its not,I can say it all that I want,but do I mean it?.
Pope John XXIII|The greatest problem is not with flat-out white racists, but rather with the far larger number of Americans who believe intellectually in racial equality but are quietly oblivious to injustice around them.
Christopher Hitchens, Hitch-22: A Memoir|I heard you laughing,' Jack said. He wanted to say something about the quality of that terrible laughter, but he did not know how to begin. So he said, ' I've never heard anyone laugh like you do.
Ellis Peters, A Morbid Taste for Bones|When harried, we go as far as we dare, and with those we're sure of we dare go very far, knowing where forgiveness is certain.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|War is not just the shower of bullets and bombs from both sides, it is also the shower of blood and bones on both sides.
Debasish Mridha M.D.|Education is not a destination, but it is a curious journey to enjoy the beauty of life.
Virginia Alison|In every reign there comes one night of greatest blackness, when a King must send away his court of flatterers and servants, and sit alone in the dark with the beast called truth.In the gloom of the grand hall, Slately could hear it breathe.Truth at court was treated as if it were a precious commodity. It was hoarded, coveted, bartered for. Certainly this analogy applied to lies; his courtiers accepted his lies as currency of the realm. He handed them lies in large denominations, and they returned him his change in small ones.Oh, but truth was something different. Something alive and immortal. By light of day it was only a little butterfly: pretty, elusive, easily crushed, and utterly unable to defend itself. Most nights, too, it slept harmlessly. One could wave it away for a very long time.But on the nights it did not sleep, neither did the King.
Aldous Huxley|If you want to feel good, you have to go out and do some good.
Michael Connelly, The Black Ice|Trust no one. You may be working with the last honest cop in Mexicali, but why bet your life on it?
John Patrick Hickey, All You Have Is Now: How Your Approach to the World Determines Your Destiny|Our attitude will determine what we will strive for, whom we will be, and how our life will turn out.
Anthony Burgess, A Clockwork Orange|There's never been an act done since the beginning, from a kid stealing candy to a dictator committing genocide, that the person doing it didn't think he was fully justified. That's a mental trick called rationalizing, and it's done the human race more harm than anything else you can name.
John Steinbeck, East of Eden|Seek and achieve "GREATNESS" instead of mere success
Anaïs Nin|We do not grow absolutely, chronologically. We grow sometimes in one dimension, and not in another; unevenly. We grow partially. We are relative. We are mature in one realm, childish in another. The past, present, and future mingle and pull us backward, forward, or fix us in the present. We are made up of layers, cells, constellations.
Jonathan Gash, Jade Woman|The brown book I carry says there is nothing stranger than to explore a city wholly different from all those one knows, since to do so is to explore a second and unsuspected self. I have found a thing stranger: to explore such a city only after one has lived in it for some time without learning anything of it.
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|But mostly, I missed watching you two together; I missed watching you watch him, and him watch you; I missed how thoughtful you were with each other, missed how thoughtlessly, sincerely affectionate you were with him; missed watching you listen to each other, the way you both did so intently.
Henry David Thoreau|what is Thomas didn't run, What if Harry didn't survive, what if Percy didn't fight, what if Tris didn't jump, what if Katniss didn't volunteer, What if Hazel didn't love
Vasily Grossman, An Armenian Sketchbook|It's not often you encounter the real person behind a good-natured mask, the darkest parts of someone. It's not comfortable when you do.
Bertrand Russell|Let an illness, a duel, a runaway horse make us see death face to face, and how richly we should have enjoyed the life of pleasure, the travels in unknown lands, which are about to be snatched from us! And no sooner is the danger past than we resume once more the same dull life in which none of those delights existed for us.
Larry Elder|Let us wage a moral and political war against the billionaires and corporate leaders, on Wall Street and elsewhere, whose policies and greed are destroying the middle class of America.
Nico J. Genes|Just imagine, life to be a dance with different kind of rhythms depending on what music is playing in the background. Sometimes we may dance alone and that’s OK, as some songs are simply meant to be danced like that. Practice! Don’t stop! It’s your dance! 
Diana Gabaldon|And - just as with winning the lottery, or becoming famous - there is no manual for becoming a woman, even though the stakes are so high. God knows, when I was 13, I tried to find one. You can read about other people's experience on the matter - by way of trying to crib, in advance, for an exam - but I found that this is, in itself, problematic. For throughout history, you can read stories of women who - against all odds - got being a woman right, but ended up being compromised, unhappy, hobbled or ruined, because all around them, society was still wrong. Show a girl a pioneering hero - Sylvia Plath, Dorothy Parker, Frida Kahlo, Cleopatra, Boudicca, Joan of Arc - and you also, more often than not, show a girl a woman who was eventually crushed. Your hard-won triumphs can be wholly negated if you live in a climate where your victories are seen as threatening, incorrect, distasteful, or - most crucially of all, for a teenage girl - simply uncool. Few girls would choose to be right - right, down into their clever, brilliant bones - but lonely.
Karen Marie Moning, Iced|It's just another of Robin's sayings. Like, 'Holy strawberries, Batman, we're in a jam! Or, Holy Kleenex, Batman, it was right under our nose and we blew it!
Robin Alexander, Dear Me|Dear Me, I made a jackass out of myself tonight. I couldn’t stop it. The second I saw Stacy, I sprouted big donkey ears and a tail. I don’t know why she gets under my skin. Why should I care what she thinks of me? She’ll be gone right along with Jason when Alana gets bored. Alana’s lasagna was terrible. No one noticed that I was slipping the harder pieces of it into my salad bowl and hiding them under the lettuce. It’s a good thing they don’t have a dog because if it was to eat the scraps, it would surely die. Jason and Stacy are gonna be shitting pasta shards. I feel sorry for Jason, not so much for Stacy. I’ll have to patch things up with Alana, so this may not be the right time to tell her that her cooking is lethal. She was pissed when I left her house. I’m sure she’ll tell Mom and Grammy I was a jerk. Jason was probably mad at me too. I feel a little bad about that. Me
Lailah Gifty Akita|Ji Wenzi always thought thrice before acting. Hearing this the Master said, "Twice is enough.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|There is a very real danger present when we suppress our feelings to act on inspiration in exchange for the “safety” of the status quo. We risk sacrificing the opportunity to live a more fulfilling and purpose driven life. We risk sacrificing the opportunity to make a difference in the lives of others. We risk sacrificing the beautiful blessing of finding a greater sense of meaning in our own lives.In short, we run the very real risk living a life of regret.
Laura Morelli, The Gondola Maker|Identity was partly heritage, partly upbringing, but mostly the choices you make in life.”Patricia Briggs.
George Carlin, When Will Jesus Bring the Pork Chops?|I'm not a person who thinks they can have it all, but I certainly feel that with a bit of effort and guile I should be able to have more than my fair share.
Dominic Riccitello|Instead of writing my rules, I followed his. And that’s when I knew it all went wrong.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|There is only one way: Go within. Search for the cause, find the impetus that bids you write. Put it to this test: Does it stretch out its roots in the deepest place of your heart? Can you avow that you would die if you were forbidden to write? Above all, in the most silent hour of your night, ask yourself this: Must I write? Dig deep into yourself for a true answer. And if it should ring its assent, if you can confidently meet this serious question with a simple, “I must,” then build your life upon it. It has become your necessity. Your life, in even the most mundane and least significant hour, must become a sign, a testimony to this urge.
William Keepin, Divine Duality: The Power of Reconciliation Between Women and Men|In all societies, both women and men are powerfully conditioned to repress the daily realities of (sexual harassment and workplace glass ceilings) and to collude with the rest of society in keeping these dimensions of shared experiences hidden.
Neil Gaiman, The Kindly Ones|You don't feel yourself falling in love, like it's a journey, a process; on the contrary, it hits you like a sudden ague, a fever, the realisation that your life will never be the same again.
Madhavi Menon, Shakesqueer: A Queer Companion to the Complete Works of Shakespeare|I opened my mouth to do some calm explaining. "I'm gay." is what came out.
S.R. Crawford, No Secrets: Eternity series|You can never trust a Vampire, child.
Heather Welch|Never give up on your dreams, without them life is just an existence.
Vishwanath S J|Take a closer look at the word "Change". You never "Changed", instead, you were 'Manipulated' by illusion.
Karl Barth, The Humanity of God|He wants in His freedom actually not to be without man but WITH him and in the same freedom not against him but FOR him, and that apart from or even counter to what man deserves. He wants in fact to be man's partner, his almighty and compassionate Saviour. He chooses to give man the benefit of His power, which encompasses not only the high and the distant but also the deep and the near, in order to maintain communion with him in the realm guaranteed by His deity. He determines to love him, to be his God, his Lord, his compassionate Preserver and Saviour to eternal life, and to desire his praise and service.
Lemmy Kilmister|I don't do regrets. Regrets are pointless. It's too late for regrets. You've already done it, haven't you? You've lived your life. No point wishing you could change it.
Margaret Atwood, Oryx and Crake|veterans and remarkable rookies. International Thriller Writers, Inc. (ITW) cofounder, David
Sunday Adelaja|If you want to be successful in any area of life, you have to work on developing your soul.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|It's one of the things that makes us different than they are, Harry. The blood on their hands does not make it right to bloody my own. My choices are measured against my own soul. Not against the stains on theirs.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Cat's Cradle|Mister, when I see my first lady angel, if God ever sees fit to show me one, it’ll be her wings not her face that’ll make my mouth fall open. I’ve already seen the prettiest face that ever could be.
Mehmet Murat ildan|We conquer the Independence Day aliens by having a Macintosh laptop computer upload a software virus to the mothership (which happens to be one-fifth the mass of the Moon), thus disarming its protective force field. I don’t know about you, but back in 1996 I had trouble just uploading files to other computers within my own department, especially when the operating systems were different. There is only one solution: the entire defense system for the alien mothership must have been powered by the same release of Apple Computer’s system software as the laptop computer that delivered the virus.
John Keats, Lamia|Philosophy will clip an Angel's wings,Conquer all mysteries by rule and line,Empty the haunted air, and gnomèd mine—Unweave a rainbow, as it erewhile madeThe tender-person'd Lamia melt into a shade
Criss Jami|We must not allow our pride to be the motivation behind our apologetics; rather, philoverity, the love of truth must be the full and complete motivation. For pride corrupts truth.
Krista Tippett, Becoming Wise: An Inquiry into the Mystery and Art of Living|I’m helped by a gentle notion from Buddhist psychology, that there are “near enemies” to every great virtue—reactions that come from a place of care in us, and which feel right and good, but which subtly take us down an ineffectual path. Sorrow is a near enemy to compassion and to love. It is borne of sensitivity and feels like empathy. But it can paralyze and turn us back inside with a sense that we can’t possibly make a difference. The wise Buddhist anthropologist and teacher Roshi Joan Halifax calls this a “pathological empathy” of our age. In the face of magnitudes of pain in the world that come to us in pictures immediate and raw, many of us care too much and see no evident place for our care to go. But compassion goes about finding the work that can be done. Love can’t help but stay present
L.M. Montgomery|Because…sometimes I think you meet people and they make you better, even if you’re not with them forever.
Maija Monreaux|Everyone has a story to tell, so why not let me put it on paper!
Paul Gibbons, The Science of Successful Organizational Change: How Leaders Set Strategy, Change Behavior, and Create an Agile Culture|Ambiguity is not, today, a lack of data, but a deluge of data.
Jackie Chan|I'd love to win trophies, be in movies, have a body of work I'm proud of and find a way to enjoy it along the way. Success is probably a more of a complicated thing than that.
Kristen Ashley, For You|Lonely’s a different kind of pain, it doesn’t hurt as bad as heartbreak. I preferred it and embraced it ‘cause I reckoned it was one or the other.
Brent Weeks|I think of rounds of editing as hammer time. Then, when they interrupt my writing, I can say... *shakes head* Nah, I just can't do it. Although when I come across a brilliant line, I do think, Can't touch this. And when I'm worried I'm overwriting a scene, I think, Hammer, don't hurt 'em.
Lisa Ling|I tend to like writing long stories in comics. I worked on 'Flash,' 'Teen Titans' and 'JSA' for years. I always like diving into characters.
Damien Echols, Life After Death|This is not the person I wanted to become: Hatred has carved a permanent place inside me, a hollow where things are so easily lost.
Zora Neale Hurston, Dust Tracks on a Road|Grown people know that they do not always know the way of things, and even if they think they know, they do not know where and how they got the proof.
Shaikh Abu-Saeed Abil-Kheir|Muslim and non-Muslim from across the world flocked to Baghdad to be part of Al-Ma'mun's project "Bait Al-Hekmah" or "House of Wisdom
Sōseki Natsume, And Then|Daisuke was the sort of man who, once he was disturbed by something, no matter what, could not let go of it until he had pursued it to the utmost. Moreover, having the capacity to assess the folly of any given obsession, he was forced to be doubly conscious of it. Three of four years ago he had tackled the question of the process whereby his waking mind entered the realm of dreams. At night, when he had gotten under the covers and begun to doze off nicely, he would immediately think, this is it, this is how I fall asleep. No sooner had he thought of this than he was wide awake. When he had managed to doze off again, he would immediately think, here it is. Night after night, he was plagued by his curiosity and would repeat the same procedure two or three times. In the end, he became disgusted in spite of himself. He wanted somehow to escape his agony. Moreover, he was thoroughly impressed by the extent of his folly. To appeal to his conscious mind in order to apprehend his unconscious, and to try to recollect both at the same time was, as James had put it, analogous to lighting a candle to examine the dark, or stopping a top in order to study is movements; at that rate, it stood to reason that he would never again be able to sleep. He knew all this, but when night came, he still thought, now...
Kelly    Martin, When Everyone Shines But You - Saying Goodbye To I'm Not Good Enough|God, the universe, life, whatever name you give to the bigger picture, is experiencing itself through you as a human being. A journey from effortlessness, playfulness, freedom, to human doing, suffering and beyond. You can all return to the effortlessness, playfulness, freedom and being, by allowing your moment-by-moment experience, allowing your feelings of pain, suffering, rage, anger and envy to be felt, observed and tenderly allowed. No more self-beating, no more rushing against the tide, no more trying to steer that canoe, for life knows the way, always has and always will.
Lyndsay Faye, Jane Steele|I hope that the epitaph of the human race when the world ends will be: Here perished a species which lived to tell stories. We tell stories to strangers to ingratiate ourselves, stories to lovers to better adhere us skin to skin, stories in our heads to banish the demons. When we tell truth, often we are callous; when we tell lies, often we are kind. Through it all, we tell stories, and we own an uncanny knack for the task.
Lilly Black, A Jade's Trick|I felt sorry for her, baby, guilty and responsible. That's all it was. Once she started talking about you, I could have thrown her off the deck with no remorse. I know there are no words that can take away what you saw, just please say you understand. Liz is nothing to me, Evan, but you...you're everything.
James Madison|The calling of art is to extract us from our daily reality, to bring us to a hidden truth that's difficult to access - to a level that's not material but spiritual.
Friedrich Max Müller, India: What it Can Teach Us|If the war had a noble purpose, it was this - to end the inhumanity those photographs showed. While India rarely spoke about its imperative as the moral one, and few people steeped in realpolitik can shed their cynicism when a politician speaks in moral terms, and the intervention certainly suited India's strategic interests, the fact remains that in the annals of humanitarian interventions, few were as swift, successful, purpose-driven and with humanitarian goals as the Indian intervention to liberate Bangladesh. India went in when it was attacked, and left before its troops became unpopular.
Ketil Moland Olsen|Kids who are good at traditional school—repeating rote concepts and facts on a test—can fall apart in a situation where that isn’t enough. Programming rewards the experimental, curious mind.
Meg Wolitzer, The Interestings|But this post-college world felt different from everything that had come before it; art was still central, but now everyone had to think about making a living too, and they did so with a kind of scorn for money except as it allowed them to live the way they wanted to live.
Sara Sheridan, British Bulldog|On our life map, he drew a bright circle around twelve through eighteen. This was the abyss where, unguided, black boys were swallowed whole, only to reemerge on corners and prison tiers.
Jillian Hervey|My mom passed away at 41 from diabetes. And I'm 42, thank you. I didn't want to do that to my son. So any time I was at the gym, that thing that helped me do that last squat was my son calling some other woman mommy. And that would just give me that extra oomph to do that last squat. I want to be around for him.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Don't ever think of bad things that could happen, and you'll have a better chance of them never happening. Don't ever think about doing something bad to someone, because depending on the intensity of your mind waves, something bad could really happen to them. Think love. Be love. Breathe only love, and love you shall be. When you stress out, things will stress out around you. Always control your thoughts and pacify any unnecessary stress. Control your vibrations and you are the master of your own harmony.
Evan Minton, Inference To The One True God: Why I Believe In Jesus Instead Of Other Gods|When I look at the night sky, I'm overwhelmed by the enormity of the universe. But this doesn't make me question my significance in God's eyes, no. Instead, it makes me drop to my knees in awe of God. If God created all of this, how powerful must He be to be able to manage and sustain all of it? God has to have enormous power to manage the entire cosmos. How mighty must He be to hold this massive universe in the palm of His hand?
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|We are not to simply bandage the wounds of victims beneath the wheels of injustice, we are to drive a spoke into the wheel itself.
C. JoyBell C.|Complexity looks at simplicity and laughs at it for being too simple. But this is stupidity. Which is more valuable? The drop of pure rose oil or the cologne that mixes that one drop with many other things in order to make it affordable enough? It takes 60,000 roses to make a single ounce of rose oil. In simplicity there is value, there is meaning. Complexity is what happens when value and meaning are watered down. Don’t play games with pure-hearted people; they don’t need your rubbish. And don’t try to water them down so you can afford them.
Priya Ardis, My Merlin Awakening|Vane grabbed me. “DuLac, let’s ch
Richard Bach|You are never given a dream without also being given the power to make it true. You may have to work for it, however.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Life is a walk through the forest. Don't fear the trees, fear what lurks behind them.
J.R. Rim, Write like no one is reading 2|I dropped my gardening tools, threw my bicycle over a hedge and went in search of fortunes laid beneath the hangman’s noose.
Gayle Forman, If I Stay|If you have ever successfully resisted getting angry, then you know what it is like to resist a demon.
Mark Z. Danielewski, House of Leaves|Then no matter where you are, in a crowded restaurant or on some desolate street or even in the comforts of your own home, you'll watch yourself dismantle every assurance you ever lived by. You'll stand aside as a great complexity intrudes, tearing apart, piece by piece, all your carefully conceived denials, whether deliberate or unconscious. And for better or worse you'll turn, unable to resist, though try to resist you still will, fighting with everything you've got not to face the thing you most dread, what is now, what will be, what has always come before, the creature you truly are, the creature we all are, buried in the nameless black of a name.And then the nightmares will begin.
Mark Doty, Still Life with Oysters and Lemon: On Objects and Intimacy|My son, there may be a time when I explain these things to you, because there may be a time when I understand them.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|There are times that all you need is someone who will listen to you without judging you — not telling you what you should have done or should do, but simply, listening to you
Douglas Adams, Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency|Party lights hang over the street, yellow and red and green. Sadie stumbles over someone’s chair, but I’m ready for this and I catch her easily by the arm.“Sorry, clumsy,” she says.“You always were, Sadie. One of your more endearing traits.”Before she can ask about that I slip my arm around her waist. She slips hers around mine, still looking up at me. The lights skate across her cheeks and shine in her eyes. We clasp hands, fingers folding together naturally, and for me the years fall away like a coat that’s too heavy and too tight. In that moment, I hope on thing above all others: that she was not too busy to find at least one good man …She speaks in a voice almost too low to be heard over the music. But I hear her – I always did. “Who are you, George?”“Someone you knew in another life, honey.
Dee Henderson, The Protector|If he didn’t love so deeply, he couldn’t grieve so deeply. But he’s drowning in it.
Alan Bradley, Thrice the Brinded Cat Hath Mew'd|You can learn from a glance at anyone's library, not what they are, but what they wish to be.
Max Lucado|There is a kind of gospel being proclaimed today which conveniently accommodates itself to the spirit of the age, and makes no demand for godliness.
Italo Calvino, Six Memos For The Next Millennium|what matters is not the enclosure of the work within a harmonious figure, but the centrifugal force produced by it -- a plurality of language as a guarantee of a truth that is not merely partial.
Liz Braswell, As Old as Time|Whoever risks, shall know how far they can reach.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Silence can be lovely or disturbing, depending on the source.
E'yen A. Gardner, Extreme Makeover|You are a manager nonetheless who you are. There is a business worth keeping and you are the manager of that business. Yes, the business of your life. There is a big asset worth managing. Yes, your choices. As a manager of your own life, your choices are your assets. They form the pivot for the doom or boom of the business of your life. Some will be great managers and others will collapse the business of their lives by their choices or stay in mediocrity with the business of their lives.
Saru Singhal|Right from the beginning, we were born into a world where the ego rules, but when we came to God and received the new birth, we entered a world where love rules
Joe Fazio|But who are we, where do we come fromWhen all those yearsNothing but idle talk is leftAnd we are nowhere in the world?"= MEETING =
Tom Wolfe|For many men, the acquisition of wealth does not end their troubles, it only changes them.
Tim McGraw|The Bee Gees who are brilliant, I just love great music.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|Call no man happy, said Shadow, until he is dead
J. Sarraf|The welkin is blue yet in agony,The air and the water has made a pair,As the love was unfaithful and the earth has to suffer, until the time goes backwards.
Jim Fergus, The Wild Girl|Yet only the atrocities of the conquered are referred to as criminal acts; those of the conqueror are justified as necessary, heroic, and even worse, as the fulfillment of God's will.
Sarah Dessen, Along for the Ride|That first love. And the first one who breaks your heart. For me, they just happen to be the same person.
Deyth Banger|Walking through town with Trip, I thought about how easily he had folded me into his group. Sometimes when Didi makes peanut butter cookies, she'll get all cranky trying to blend the peanut butter in the sugar, eggs, and butter. See, the peanut butter always stays in a big clump and the eggs are all slimy and you have to really work at it before everything gets nice and smooth. But the way Trip pulled me into his buttery, sugary life, you'd never know when I was peanut butter in the first place.
Mark Zandi|When it was suggested that I write a memoir I said, 'I'm not old enough. I'm not distinguished enough.' But I went home and sat down to write, and the material for the book just came flooding into my hands.
John Calvin|Man who hates cats is insecure, but a man who likes them is one worth keeping. If he can appreciate a cat, he can appreciate a strong, independent woman.
Marcus Samuelsson|Since truffle oil and caviar aren't always in the budget, learning to tweak and enhance just a few ingredients and flavor combinations can help you transform those ordinary ingredients into the extraordinary!
Jim Fergus, One Thousand White Women: The Journals of May Dodd|Nobody should have to die like these people had. I didn't know each of their circumstances, but I had a good guess. These people had died in terror, horror, and pain. More than likely, they had to watch their friends or loved ones die at the same time. Their last moments would have been spent knowing that they would come back and do the same to anyone they could get their hands on, even people they'd spent their life loving.It was not the way any human being should have to go.
Jorge Luis Borges, The Widow Ching-Pirate|...Pff... there is always a reason for everything if you go deeper and deeper under the sea you will die in the same time, even you will drown however you will find the reason. It's about 50 out of 100 which will mean 50% chance you have to live and 50% there is a chance to die.
Chris Cleave|I deserve it all. Let the cold world do its worst; one thing I know--there's a grave somewhere for me. The world may go on just as its always done, and take everything from me--loved ones, property, everything--but it can't take that. Some day I'll lie down in it and forget it all, and my poor broken heart will be at rest.
Maryknoll Book of Prayer, Maryknoll Missions|Enlightenment is the ability to see beyond all the things we make God to find God. We make religion God and so fail to see godliness where religion is not, though goodness is clear andconstant in the simplest of people, the remotest of places. We make national honor God and fail to see the presence of God in other nations, particularly non-Christian nations. We make personal security God and fail to see God in the bleak and barren dimensions of life. We separate spirit and matter as if they were two different things, though we know now from quantum physics that matter is simply fields of force made dense by the spirit of Energy. We are one with the universe, in other words. We are not separate from it or different from it. We are not above it. We are in it, all of us and everything, swimming in an energy thatis God. To be enlightened is to see behind the forms to the God who holds them in being.
Ray Kurzweil|People are craving this great progress in electronics, going after computers, the Internet, etc. It's a giant progress technologically. But they must have a balance of soul, a balance for human beauty. That means art has an important role.
Emmet Fox|Helping people getting a great start in life, a great foundation, is an investment.
Dennis C. Blair|Emotional intelligence is your ability to recognize and understand emotions in yourself and others, and your ability to use this awareness to manage your behavior and relationships.
Dawna Markova, Spot of Grace: Remarkable Stories of How You DO Make a Difference|Sin and grace, absence and presence, tragedy and comedy, they divide the world between them and where they meet head on, the Gospel happens.
Peter Berg|My photography is mainly focused on my work making movies, which I've done my whole life. I think I have a perspective that not many people have. And I get to take advantage of all of the strange sources of light on a set.
Cecelia Ahern|She got a sense that their time together was valuable, as though she needed to hold on to every minute as if it were their last. He was too good to be true, every moment spent with him magical, so much so that she presumed this couldn’t last forever. None of her good feelings had lasted forever, none of the people who lightened her life managed to stay. Going by her previous luck, from pure fear of not wanting to lose something so special, she was just waiting for the day he would leave. Whoever he was, he was healing her, he was teaching her to smile, teaching her to laugh, and she wondered what she could teach him.
Donzella Michele Malone|I have a self-made quote: Celebrate diversity, practice acceptance and may we all choose peaceful options to conflict.
George Wallace|As no one knew much about my mental illness, a lot of people had the attitude that I had the capability to 'kick it' and get better instantly. This was the most frustrating attitude for me.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When a rock transforms into a diamond, lesser stones will not speak of its beauty, but speak of its unpolishedness.
Lorenzo Carcaterra, Gangster|Given the choice between trivial material brilliantly told versus profound material badly told, an audience will always choose the trivial told brilliantly.
Miriam Toews, All My Puny Sorrows|Merry Christmas!' someone shouted. He wiped his eyes with the back of his hand. 'Merry Christmas!''Merry Christmas!''C-cookies for ever'body!' Sammy hollered. And looking both ways, they all fled across to the light, and the warmth, and the books, and the mystery.
Tatjana Soli, The Lotus Eaters|You can never really escape. It goes with you, wherever you go. Somehow, the prairie dust gets in your blood, and it flows through your veins until it becomes a part of you. The vast stretches of empty fields, the flat horizons of treeless plains. The simplicity of the people—good, earnest people. The way they talk and the way they live. The lack of occurrence, lack of attention, lack of everything. All that—it’s etched into your soul and it colors the way you see everything and it becomes a part of you. Eventually, Ms. Harper, when you leave, everything you experience outside of Kansas will be measured against all you know here. And none of it will make any sense.
Henry Rollins|Variety is very, very good. Going from medium to medium, if you get the chance to do it, from theater to television to film, which are all distinctly different, keeps me sharp. What works in one doesn't work in the other, and you have to be looking for the truth of the performance, whatever way that medium might demand.
Serena Valentino, Poor Unfortunate Soul: A Tale of the Sea Witch|A knowledge with no clear idea of Evil as universe and principle, a knowledge that pays no mind to the evil that man is and was and for which he is forced to atone, is knowledge with a view to Evil, in favor of Evil, and probably suggested by Evil.
E.J. Stevens, Burning Bright|You catch all that, Humphrey?” I asked.“Get to eat demons for breakfast,” he said with a grin.“Hey, only if they misbehave,” I said.“Demons always do,” he said, licking his lips.I had a sinking feeling that the gargoyle had a point.
Rhys Darby|I always liked it when people go back in time to discover things about themselves, like with 'A Christmas Carol' and you're getting a tour of your life by the ghosts of Christmas past, present and future.
Carlos A.  Rodriguez, Designed For Inheritance: A Discovery of Sonship|Whenever a group of people who are designed to primarily unite around one thing try to unite around something else, the result is devastating for all.
Ruskin Bond, Scenes from a Writer's Life|love is undying,of that I feel certain.I mean deep,abiding,cherishing love.The love that gives protection even as you,my guardian angel,gave me protection long after you had gone-and continue to give this very day...A love beyond Death-a love that makes Life alive!
Philip Reeve, Oliver and the Seawigs|Get it? Gender is a country, a field of signifying roses you can walk through, or wear tucked behind your ear.Eventually the flower wilts & you can pick another, or burn the field, or turn & run back across the tracks.(from "Essay on the Theory of Motion")
Rafe Esquith, Lighting Their Fires: Raising Extraordinary Children in a Mixed-up, Muddled-up, Shook-up World|These days, many well-meaning school districts bring together teachers, coaches, curriculum supervisors, and a cast of thousands to determine what skills your child needs to be successful. Once these "standards" have been established, pacing plans are then drawn up to make sure that each particular skill is taught at the same rate and in the same way to all children. This is, of course, absurd. It gets even worse when one considers the very real fact that nothing of value is learned permanently by a child in a day or two.
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|Hazel!” he yelled. “That box! Open it!”She hesitated, then saw the box he meant. Te label read WARNING. DO NOT OPEN. “Open it!” Leo yelled again.
John Green|If people were rain, I'd be a drizzle and she'd be a hurricane.
Thomas C. Oden, The Transforming Power of Grace|I was in my early twenties and I was, to be quite honest, a bit of a punk. A swaggering entitled straight white guy who hadn't but a lot of thought into what it might be like to be anything other than a straight white guy. Because when you're a straight white guy, you don't *have* to think about that....
Dalai Lama XIV|Where ignorance is our master, there is no possibility of real peace.
Brianna Wiest|You have shown me, along with that man over there, that life and love aren't as far apart as we think. They go hand-in-hand, like you and me. You can't have one without the other. Everything around us, inside of us, is love. It's in the birds and the rivers, the newborn baby whimpers, and yes, the passionate kisses we share. Life is a package wrapped up in love. To experience love, we have to open it. Carefully. And cherish every gift we're given.
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|Not that I'm the kind of person who would actually inflict emotional pain on another human being out of a selfish, twisted need for revenge.I just like to think about it.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead|I was cursing and swearing at you because of that address, I hated you already because of the lies I had told you. Because I only like playing with words, only dreaming, but, do you know, what I really want is that you should all go to hell. That is what I want. I want peace; yes, I'd sell the whole world for a farthing, straight off, so long as I was left in peace. Is the world to go to pot, or am I to go without my tea? I say that the world may go to pot for me so long as I always get my tea.
Abdul Mueed|As a woman I am so curious about prostitutes because of the idea that they know men better than you. Also, it's such a strange way to live. But at the same time there are prostitutes who just want to be prostitutes, and this is this woman, nobody pushed her to do it. She's a prostitute because she wants to be a prostitute. It's her philosophy of life.
Sebastien de Castell, Traitor's Blade|It’s amusing how we can sometimes hardly remember our first meetings with the most important people in our lives. Where, how, when we first met becomes all a blur. Somewhere along the way, we realize we have become so emotionally tethered to one another that the moment we first met does not matter. Life before meeting them ceases to exist.
Yōko Ogawa, Revenge|For a torture to be effective, the pain has to be spread out; it has to come at regular intervals, with no end in sight. The water falls , drop after drop after drop, like the second hand of a watch, carving up time. The shock of each individual drop is insignificant, but the sensation is impossible to ignore. At first, one might manage to think about other things, but after five hours, after ten hours, it becomes unendurable. The repeated stimulation excites the nerves to a point where they literally explode, and every sensation in the body is absorbed into that one spot on the forehead---indeed, you come to feel that you are nothing but a forehead, into which a fine needle is being forced millimeter by millimeter. You can’t sleep or even speak, hypnotized by a suffering that is greater than any mere pain. In general, the victim goes mad before a day has passed.
Steven Rowley, Lily and the Octopus|We bring champagne to Franklin and Jeffrey, and I offer a final toast, 'Wishing you all good things in your life together.' Short, simple, to the point. I look at Meredith, relaxed in her ivory gown, my sister is all grown up. I'm grateful we did our growing up together.
Lorii Myers|The human mind and body are truly extraordinary. They are the quintessence of excellence in motion. We talk, touch, see, hear, taste, smell, and feel. We dream, aspire, and become. All that we are is mind and body and spirit—that is our universe.
Terry Tempest Williams, Leap|I wonder how it is we have come to this place in our society where art and nature are spoke in terms of what is optional, the pastime and concern of the elite?
Nick John Whittle|The difference between an ignorant fool shoveling manure in a bullpen, and a fool with a PhD, is that the fool with the PhD can shovel more of it, faster.
Neil Leckman|I have my moments, I just can't remember where I put them.
Markus Zusak, Getting the Girl|Towel and talk, how similar are they, both wipes dry water. One on the hate and latter in the head.
Leonard Slatkin|Real relationship is gritty and earthy, the stuff that life is made of.
Toni Aleo, Overtime|But remember, Kacey has a temper and she's crazy protective of you so if you need bail money, let me know.
Max Planck|New scientific ideas never spring from a communal body, however organized, but rather from the head of an individually inspired researcher who struggles with his problems in lonely thought and unites all his thought on one single point which is his whole world for the moment.
Deepika Kumaaraguru, Ethereal: The Dawn of the Blue|Ryan shrugged. 'Maybe. Come on, break a smile and introduce yourself. I don't bite.''Stay out of my way,' she said, and before she could turn around, Ryan grabbed her arm.She flashed him a murderous look.'Are you tough, Stay Out Of My Way?' he said airily.
Steven Magee, Solar Radiation, Global Warming and Human Disease|If you fill the atmosphere with toxins, then you really cannot be surprised if the solar radiation transmission through it becomes toxic to humans.
Lorraine Zago Rosenthal, Other Words for Love|I looked into Blake's eyes, remembering my lost marble and thinking that even though it was gone forever, there could be another match out there. There might be another guy who would kiss my forehead, a guy who was just as sweet as strong enough to choose me over everybody else
Margo T. Rose, The Words|I hope all you wish for comes to you,And you become who you're hoping to be.I know you will prosper in all you do,So promise you'll remember me.
P. J. O'Rourke|I think in terms of the day's resolutions, not the years'.
William Sloane Coffin Jr., Credo|The Peacemaker Colt has now been in production, without change in design, for a century. Buy one to-day and it would be indistinguishable from the one Wyatt Earp wore when he was the Marshal of Dodge City. It is the oldest hand-gun in the world, without question the most famous and, if efficiency in its designated task of maiming and killing be taken as criterion of its worth, then it is also probably the best hand-gun ever made. It is no light thing, it is true, to be wounded by some of the Peacemaker’s more highly esteemed competitors, such as the Luger or Mauser: but the high-velocity, narrow-calibre, steel-cased shell from either of those just goes straight through you, leaving a small neat hole in its wake and spending the bulk of its energy on the distant landscape whereas the large and unjacketed soft-nosed lead bullet from the Colt mushrooms on impact, tearing and smashing bone and muscle and tissue as it goes and expending all its energy on you.In short when a Peacemaker’s bullet hits you in, say, the leg, you don’t curse, step into shelter, roll and light a cigarette one-handed then smartly shoot your assailant between the eyes. When a Peacemaker bullet hits your leg you fall to the ground unconscious, and if it hits the thigh-bone and you are lucky enough to survive the torn arteries and shock, then you will never walk again without crutches because a totally disintegrated femur leaves the surgeon with no option but to cut your leg off. And so I stood absolutely motionless, not breathing, for the Peacemaker Colt that had prompted this unpleasant train of thought was pointed directly at my right thigh.Another thing about the Peacemaker: because of the very heavy and varying trigger pressure required to operate the semi-automatic mechanism, it can be wildly inaccurate unless held in a strong and steady hand. There was no such hope here. The hand that held the Colt, the hand that lay so lightly yet purposefully on the radio-operator’s table, was the steadiest hand I’ve ever seen. It was literally motionless. I could see the hand very clearly. The light in the radio cabin was very dim, the rheostat of the angled table lamp had been turned down until only a faint pool of yellow fell on the scratched metal of the table, cutting the arm off at the cuff, but the hand was very clear. Rock-steady, the gun could have lain no quieter in the marbled hand of a statue. Beyond the pool of light I could half sense, half see the dark outline of a figure leaning back against the bulkhead, head slightly tilted to one side, the white gleam of unwinking eyes under the peak of a hat. My eyes went back to the hand. The angle of the Colt hadn’t varied by a fraction of a degree. Unconsciously, almost, I braced my right leg to meet the impending shock. Defensively, this was a very good move, about as useful as holding up a sheet of newspaper in front of me. I wished to God that Colonel Sam Colt had gone in for inventing something else, something useful, like safety-pins.
Compton Gage, Devil's Inception|Third Cosmic Seal:(Shiva Seal 999 - Seal Destruction) One who has received this Cosmic Seal is empowered to control not less than 2,500,000 spirits which depends on the mastership of one's occult and psychic projections. Women are generally kept at this level with a few women exceeding this level.
Roshani Chokshi, A Crown of Wishes|Redemption was asking too much, but he could hope. Something told him he’d still be seeking absolution when he took his last breath on some distant day.
Hilary Mantel, Wolf Hall|Men say," Liz reaches for her scissors, "'I can't endure it when women cry'--just as people say, 'I can't endure this wet weather.' As if it were nothing to do with the men at all, the crying. Just one of those things that happen.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of the Island|When you've learned to laugh at the things that should be laughed at, and not to laugh at those that shouldn't, you've got wisdom and understanding.
Renee Ahdieh, The Wrath and the Dawn|When he first met Kai, Sehun already knew that he was about to lose entire world. Although at the time, he thought that Kai would try to destroy his world. How can you hang on to something so incomprehensible? How can you keep pouring love into an abyss? An abyss. That was what Kai was. This town was not his home. This house was not his home. Kai was. Being in his arms, having him inflict a sort of beautiful pain was home. Sehun fell for Kai and he fell for Sehun just as hard.
Christopher Moore, Bloodsucking Fiends|As a child I was an inveterate liar. As opposed to now, I am a Novelist.
Gaston Leroux, The Phantom of the Opera|It's good to cry a bit, 'cause that helps us get through the rough parts. And the winter is though, there's no doubt. But we just hang on until spring when that ache will be all but swallowed up.
Julie Ann Walker, Devil and the Deep|I've never had a problem with a woman who knows what she wants and isn't afraid to ask for it."	Even as her heart stuttered, she narrowed her eyes. "Is that supposed to be a come-on?"	He lifted his hands and donned an innocent expression. "Wouldn't think of it.
Voddie T. Baucham Jr., Family Shepherds: Calling and Equipping Men to Lead Their Homes|You become a parent, and your whole life becomes about worrying. You just worry constantly whether they'll be okay. And the idea that I'll be worried forever about them and what they do...I almost have a panic attack when I think about it. I'm worried, and I'm worried about having to worry so goddamn much.
Salma Hayek|Women must pay for everything. They do get more glory than men for comparable feats, but, they also get more notoriety when they crash.
Philip Roth, American Pastoral|I learned a strange thing... that in a jumble of unintelligible talk, the word "nigger" leaps out with electric clarity. You always hear it and it always stings. And always it casts the person using it into a category of brute ignorance. I thought with some amusement that if these two women only knew what they were revealing about themselves to every Negro on that bus, they would have been outraged.
Robert A. Heinlein, Stranger in a Strange Land|Customs, morals--is there a difference?
Salman Rushdie|Free societies...are societies in motion, and with motion comes tension, dissent, friction. Free people strike sparks, and those sparks are the best evidence of freedom's existence.
Patrick deWitt|'Commercial' is not the word that has to be said only by CEOs. It has to be something that is maybe the essence of design, because design has some sort of art in it and creation, but it's also some object that you have to use. There is also this pragmatic end to it.
Sammy Davis, Jr.|To be successful you have to be lucky, or a little mad, or very talented, or find yourself in a rapid growth field.
Natalia Sanmartín Fenollera|I scrutinized his face for honesty and then looked away. He was either a lunatic, a really good liar, or he was actually telling the truth.
Dave Obey|'Everything To Me' is about everything that's important. It's about my wife, my kids, it's about life, about being happy. It's about life in general, you know, about not knowing what's going to be around the corner, but you've got to enjoy it and enjoy the things you have. My wife, my kids, my health, and stuff like that.
Tim O'Brien, The Things They Carried|One thing you have to realize from now on is that it doesn't matter if this is a dream or not. Survival depends on what you do, not what you think.
Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner|When she quieted the jet engine buzz of worries assaulting her brain, when she stopped thinking altogether and just felt, she knew this was right. Feeling the silence of peace and conviction was so foreign to her she wasn't even sure what to do with it.
Alan Moore|I am thrilled to write 'The Treasure Chest,' and to bring to life not only the childhoods of famous people from history, but also the characters of Maisie and Felix, who I hope you will fall in love with just as I have!
Elizabeth Gilbert, Big Magic: Creative Living Beyond Fear|And since creativity is still the most effective way for me to access wonder, I choose it. I choose to block out all the external (and internal) noise and distractions, and to come home again and again to creativity. Because without that source of wonder, I know that I am doomed. Without it, I will forever wander the world in a state of bottomless dissatisfaction—nothing but a howling ghost, trapped in a body made of slowly deteriorating meat
Steve Maraboli|Through the twist and turns of life, I find myself so grateful for my friends. Even though sometimes the days can seem so dark, and my heart can feel so hurt, I am never alone; my friends are beside me.
Frank O'Hara| Andalways embrace things, people earthsky stars, as I do, freely and withthe appropriate sense of space. 
Idries Shah, The Sufis|The totality of life cannot be understood, so runs Sufi teaching, if it is studied only through the methods which we use in everyday living.
Edith Wharton|A sense of having been decoyed by some world-old conspiracy into this bondage of body and soul filled her with despair. If marriage was the slow life-long acquittal of a debt contracted in ignorance, then marriage was a crime against human nature.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Smartass Disciple: Master, I want to be the better me by forgetting my past.Master of Stupidity: If you just forget it, how would you measure you're better?
Brad Pitt|My dad would always say, 'What can you do to make the world a better place?' Well, I can make people laugh.
gracetamio|.."I let people walk away, the one who loved me, the one who cares for me, I push them to their limits but the saddest part is...I felt nothing, too much pain makes me numb..
Lucy Punch|Ask any teenage girl to describe her perfect bedroom, and you'll get answers like 'a room with a private phone line, a place to hang out with friends, and for it to be way-cool and funky.' Ask parents the same question, and 'a locked door that opens on their 21st birthday' might top the list!
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love is fierce like a lion; once it has entered the heart, it is in vain to resist.
Bhagat Negi|When possible, the brain makes a behavior into a habit, which saves effort and therefore gives us more capacity to deal with complex, novel, or urgent matters.
Kelly R. Michaels, Prince of the Vale|What about the other girl with you—Forra? Why is she with you?”“I saved her from execution. She is very vocal about her dislike of the king.”“Then why did you save her?” Garvanna asked.Caelfel's expression hardened. “Because the king is wrong, and she is right. King Orrik wouldn’t even save his own son.
Zia Haider Rahman|Is it not possible — I often wonder — that thingswe have felt with great intensity have anexperience independent of our minds; are in factstill in existence? And if so, will it not be possible,in time, that some device will be invented by whichwe can tap them? … Instead of remembering herea scene and there a sound, I shall fit a plug into thewall; and listen in to the past
Ingmar Heytze|Ik vind het doodzonde van mijn tijd om me te verdiepen in de organische geesteswoekeringen van een dichter die me niets beters te melden heeft dan het niets, de leegte, het onverstaanbare. Het onverstaanbare heb ik thuis ook, als ik door de WC-deur heen probeer te praten met mijn vriendin. Het onzegbare, dat roeren wij thuis door de muesli. Ik wil poëzie die me meeneemt naar een wereld die ik nog niet ken, naar een inzicht dat ik nog niet had, naar een uitzicht dat ik nergens anders had kunnen vinden. Ik wil een gedicht dat zo goed is, dat ik bijna vergeet dat het, zoals elk gedicht, een taalbouwsel is – een volmaakt bedrieglijke travestie waar het grote niets doorheen schijnt, een van zijn eigen leugenachtigheid getuigende leugen van inkt. Ik wil een gedicht als een huis, dat me op één steen na laat geloven dat ik er werkelijk in zou kunnen wonen.
Sufian Chaudhary, World of Archangels|I feel so trapped, by my ego.
Doug   Cooper, Outside In|Aunts offer kids an opportunity to try out ideas that don't chime with their parents and they also demonstrate that people can get on, love each other and live together without necessarily being carbon copies.
Christina Romer|I do not think it is an exaggeration to say history is largely a history of inflation, usually inflations engineered by governments for the gain of governments.
Kim Stanley Robinson, Icehenge|And in this curious state I had the realization, at the moment of seeing that stranger there, that I was a person like everybody else. That I was known by my actions and words, that my internal universe was unavailable for inspection by others. They didn't know. They didn't know, because I never told them.
Charles de Secondat|9/11 was a deliberate, carefully planned evil act of the long-waged war on the West by Koran-inspired soldiers of Allah around the world. They hated us before George W. Bush was in office. They hated us before Israel existed. And the avengers of the religion of perpetual outrage will keep hating us.
Erik Pevernagie|If differences can be hidden, perhaps there aren't differences at all
Astro|Unfortunately, we are living in an era where plenty of songs with vulgar, objectionable lyrics are also becoming popular. It's a disturbing trend, and I feel really sad when I see small kids dancing to such numbers in television shows. In my career so far, I have refused any song whose lyrics I haven't been comfortable with.
Tomie dePaola|Reading a book, for me at least, is like traveling in someone else's world. If it's a good book, then you feel comfortable and yet anxious to see what's going to happen to you there, what'll be around the next corner. But if it's a lousy book, then it's like going through Secaucus, New Jersey -- it smells and you wish you weren't there, but since you've started the trip, you roll up the windows and breathe through your mouth until you're done.
Michel Houellebecq, The Elementary Particles|People often say that the English are very cold fish, very reserved, that they have a way of looking at things – even tragedy – with a sense of irony. There’s some truth in it; it’s pretty stupid of them, though. Humor won’t save you; it doesn’t really do anything at all. You can look at life ironically for years, maybe decades; there are people who seem to go through most of their lives seeing the funny side, but in the end, life always breaks your heart. Doesn’t matter how brave you are, how reserved, or how much you’ve developed a sense of humor, you still end up with your heart broken. That’s when you stop laughing. In the end there’s just the cold, the silence and the loneliness. In the end, there’s only death.
Robert Penn Warren, Wilderness: A Tale Of The Civil War|He thought of night coming on. He thought of the loneliness of tonight, this first night in the ground. This, he thought, was the moment when the dead must first feel truly alone. This was the moment when the dead, in loneliness, feel the first stirrings of the long penance of decay. This was the moment when the dead realize the truth: This is it, it will never be different.To be dead, he thought, that was to know that nothing would ever be different.
Steven Cuoco|Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll start having positive results.
William Hazlitt|Some sleepers have intelligent faces even in sleep, while other faces, even intelligent ones, become very stupid in sleep and therefore ridiculous. I don't know what makes that happen; I only want to say that a laughing man, like a sleeping one, most often knows nothing about his face. A great many people don't know how to laugh at all. However, there's nothing to know here: it's a gift, and it can't be fabricated. It can only be fabricated by re-educating oneself, developing oneself for the better, and overcoming the bad instincts of one's character; then the laughter of such a person might quite possibly change for the better. A man can give himself away completely by his laughter, so that you suddenly learn all of his innermost secrets. Even indisputably intelligent laughter is sometimes repulsive. Laughter calls first of all for sincerity, and where does one find sincerity? Laughter calls for lack of spite, but people most often laugh spitefully. Sincere and unspiteful laughter is mirth. A man's mirth is a feature that gives away the whole man, from head to foot. Someone's character won't be cracked for a long time, then the man bursts out laughing somehow quite sincerely, and his whole character suddenly opens up as if on the flat of your hand. Only a man of the loftiest and happiest development knows how to be mirthful infectiously, that is, irresistibly and goodheartedly. I'm not speaking of his mental development, but of his character, of the whole man. And so, if you want to discern a man and know his soul, you must look, not at how he keeps silent, or how he speaks, or how he weeps, or even how he is stirred by the noblest ideas, but you had better look at him when he laughs. If a man has a good laugh, it means he's a good man. Note at the same time all the nuances: for instance, a man's laughter must in no case seem stupid to you, however merry and simplehearted it may be. The moment you notice the slightest trace of stupidity in someone's laughter, it undoubtedly means that the man is of limited intelligence, though he may do nothing but pour out ideas. Or if his laughter isn't stupid, but the man himself, when he laughs, for some reason suddenly seems ridiculous to you, even just slightly—know, then, that the man has no real sense of dignity, not fully in any case. Or finally, if his laughter is infectious, but for some reason still seems banal to you, know, then, that the man's nature is on the banal side as well, and all the noble and lofty that you noticed in him before is either deliberately affected or unconsciously borrowed, and later on the man is certain to change for the worse, to take up what's 'useful' and throw his noble ideas away without regret, as the errors and infatuations of youth.
Candace Bushnell, Lipstick Jungle|it's telling yourself that you want the things that society tells you you should want. women thikn that survival depends on conformity. but for some women, conformity is death. it's a death to the soul. the soul, "she said, "is a precious thing. when you live a lie, you damage the soul.
Mark A. Rayner, The Fridgularity|But the more I think about it, the more I think PC words are a crock of shit. If I want to describe something using a stupid word, I should.
Debasish Mridha|Whatever you can dream and believe, you can achieve.
C.S. Woolley|If you want a language to survive, capture great thoughts within it. William Shakespeare has ensured Elizabethan English will never perish from this world.
Alison Weir, Innocent Traitor|If only they would all just leave me alone with my books and my letters, I would be content to let life, and the world pass me by
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|How my eyes see, perspective, is my key to enter into His gates. I can only do so with thanksgiving. If my inner eye has God seeping up through all things, then can't I give thanks for anything? And if I can give thanks for the good things, the hard things, the absolute everything, I can enter the gates to glory. Living in His presence is fullness of joy- and seeing shows the way in.
Ron Baratono, The Writings of Ron Baratono|You’re not going to always hit a home run in life. You’re going to strike out! You’re going to walk to the dugout of life, frustrated, while spectators chirp your name in judgment. They’re afraid to even get on the field, and you know it. The fact that you get back up there, unafraid, going after that next home run, makes you the person you are.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|Apparently, the easiest way to overcome any awkwardness of speaking about sex is to sterilize it and outsource it to the professionals.
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|In a business world, only the smartest survive”.
David Almond, Jackdaw Summer|I don’t want to be little again. But at the same time I do. I want to be me like I was then, and me as I am now, and me like I’ll be in the future. I want to be me and nothing but me. I want to be crazy as the moon, wild as the wind and still as the earth. I want to be every single thing it’s possible to be. I’m growing and I don’t know how to grow. I’m living but I haven’t started living yet. Sometimes I simply disappear from myself. Sometimes it’s like I’m not here in the world at all and I simply don’t exist. Sometimes I can hardly think. My head just drifts, and the visions that come seem so vivid.
Robin McKinley, Deerskin|Guilt -- if there was any guilt -- spread out and diffused itself over everybody and everything. . . . Perhaps at some point in time, at some spot in the world, a moment of responsibility existed.
Kare Anderson, Mutuality Matters How You Can Create More Opportunity, Adventure & Friendship With Others|Quiet the chattering mind promotes directed action. We can't know which interactions will deepen into richer relationships, yet we can keep the faith that our mutuality mindset affirms them. Mutuality most demonstrates our humanity and, in the end, that may be what most matters in our lives.
Bauvard, I Had a Dream About You|I had a dream about you. We couldn't decide on a sunrise. You wanted a tan, I only cared about the view. Then World War III fulfilled both our desires.
Julius Erving|Luckily, I was raised by a kind of gypsy family, which is why I always get along better with people who worked in circuses than with kids of other actors. My mom was so carefree with us in a beautiful way. We were used to sleeping anywhere.
Nina Lugovskaya, I Want To Live: The Diary of a Young Girl in Stalin's Russia|Now I understand why women want to have children - it's simply the urge to create happiness for yourself, somehow to fill the oppressive, unbearable emptiness in your soul.
Bernard Kelvin Clive, The No Nonsense Guide to Personal Branding for Career Success|Personal Branding is the combination of one’s skills and talents to produce value for people that creates an impression, a perception and reputation in the mind of others
Jacqueline Carey, Kushiel's Chosen|And having once chosen, never to seek to return to the crossroads of that decision-for even if one chooses wrongly, the choice cannot be unmade.
Abdul'Rauf Hashmi|Ritual may be vital to reaction, but it is also the life blood of revolution.
Jellis Vaes|It’s true that no one ever said life would be easy, but it’s also true that no ever said you had to do it alone.
Zadie Smith, On Beauty|O youth! The strength of it, the faith of it, the imagination of it! To me she was not an old rattle-trap carting about the world a lot of coal for a freight--to me she was the endeavour, the test, the trial of life. I think of her with pleasure, with affection, with regret--as you would think of someone dead you have loved. I shall never forget her. . . . Pass the bottle.
Whitney Houston|Fantasies can be great, but we shouldn't make the wedding a fantasy, because the wedding is the gateway to married life. It shouldn't be a moment of illusion; it should be a moment of preparation.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Idiot|Why then you're as mad as me. No, madder. For I distrust 'reality' and its moron mother, the universe, while you fasten your innocence to fallible devices which pretend at happy endings.
Adam Mansbach|I've no patience for people who say they never watch television. It's a great way to keep in touch with popular culture, and it's important that children can relate to what their schoolmates are watching.
Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park|There's only one of him, she thought, and he's right here.He knows I'll like a song before I've heard it. He laughs before I even get to the punch line. There's a place on his chest, just below his throat, that makes me want to let him open doors for me.There's only one of him.
Stanley Keleman, Myth & the Body - A colloquy with Joseph Campbell|We as humans tend to overlook lesser beings and things, but we should instead come to love and respect them.
RVM|Within us is Energy which when channelized, spirals into Inspiration.
C.D.Reiss, Hardball|I believe in a world where love can still catch you off guard and where the best part is the falling stage. Those shy glances, the racing heart, flushed cheeks, and the butterflies? That's magic.~Sarah Brocious on More Than Scars
Beth Yarnall, Wake Up Maggie|She was strength and power and so many things he’d pretended for twelve years he didn’t miss, didn’t need.
Clarissa Pinkola Estes|To such an extent does nature delight and abound in variety that among her trees there is not one plant to be found which is exactly like another; and not only among the plants, but among the boughs, the leaves and the fruits, you will not find one which is exactly similar to another.
Ridley Pearson, The Initiation|It's true, I'm impressed with myself, almost daily. If I don't impress myself then how am I ever to feel accomplished?" "Who cares if you impress others?" "Indeed. Others' opinions hardly matter, but one's own sense of accomplishment is paramount, is it not?
|Those who don't care about the positive side of you, are too dangerous to have on your side.
Diriye Osman|As her body expanded so did her interior landscape. She imagined minarets, skyscrapers, entire cities being constructed inside her. Thighs thickened, belly became basketball-sized, buttocks deepened with dimples. Even her taste-buds shifted, and she held her tongue out for crushed ice, chalk, charcoal.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Don't wait for wisdom to come and rescue you, seek it daily.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Be yourself, that is all there is.
Sivaprakash Sidhu|YOU MATTER- "if you forgive yourself then you can forgive others, if you control yourself then you can control others, if you understand yourself then you can understand others, if you love yourself then you can love others, if you respect yourself then you can respect others. Everything starts with only YOU. You Matter in your life.
Ludwig von Mises, Liberalism|In a battle between force and an idea, the latter always prevails.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Play the game of life, without any fear.
Anonymous, Bhagavad Gita: El Canto del Senor|The immature think that knowledge and action are different, but the wise see them as the same.
Roger Lawrence Butler, Claiming the Mantle: How Presidential Nominations Are Won and Lost Before the Votes Are Cast|A democracy is nothing more than mob rule, where fifty-one percent of the people may take away the rights of the other forty-nine.
C.J. Redwine, Deception|Sylph and Jodi return to my side, each carrying a cloth sack full of chickweed. I wrap my arm around Sylph's waist and give her a quick squeeze. "Lesson's over for today. I have something to discuss with Logan.""Sounds serious." Jodi wiggles her brows at me."I think that's just Rachel for 'I need to go kiss my boy.'" Sylph laughs when I glare at her.
Ernst Haeckel, The History of Creation V2: Or the Development of the Earth and Its Inhabitants by the Action of Natural Causes|An irrefutable proof that such single-celled primaeval animals really existed as the direct ancestors of Man, is furnished according to the fundamental law of biogeny by the fact that the human egg is nothing more than a simple cell.
Nick Carter|I have had cardiomyopathy, which is a non-coronary condition and is in no way related to diet.
Naomi Wolf, The Beauty Myth|A man is unlikely to be brought within earshot of women as they judge men's appearance, height, muscle tone, sexual technique, penis size, personal grooming, or taste in clothes--all of which we do. The fact is that women are able to view men just as men view women, as objects for sexual and aesthetic evaluation; we too are effortlessly able to choose the male "ideal" from a lineup and if we could have male beauty as well as everything else, most of us would not say no. But so what? Given all that, women make the choice, by and large, to take men as human beings first.
Francis de Sales|Helping others carries its own rewards, the first of which is a return to humanity.
Greg Anderson|Because those events are so real that they cast their shadow forward and backwards through all time, whenever men think of these matters at all. Even if they are mired in ignorace, they will see...fragments of the Truth, as men imprisoned in a cave see shadows cast by the sun. Likewise, all men derive their moral intuitions from God; how not? There is no other source, just as there is no other way to make a wheel than to make it round.
Michelle K. Pickett, Milayna|The penguins that spent most of their time fighting were the ones with no chicks...It's like they're supposed to be taking care of their chicks. But because they don't have any, they have nothing to do with all their energy. So they just pick fights.
John Green|He thinks he’ll be remembered as the villain in the story”She snorted.“But I forgot to tell him,” I said too quietly, opening the door, “that the villain is usually the person who locks up the maiden and throws away the key.”“Oh?”I shrugged, “He was the one who let me out.
Heikki Kovalainen|Short stories, for me, it's like you step inside this brand new car and you drive it and you drive it into a tree and you walk away from it.
Peter Gray, Free to Learn: Why Unleashing the Instinct to Play Will Make Our Children Happier, More Self-Reliant, and Better Students for Life|Once compulsory systems of state-run schools were established, they became increasingly standardized, both in content and in method. For the sake of efficiency, children were divided into separate classrooms by age and passed along, from grade to grade, like products on an assembly line. The task of each teacher was to add bits of officially approved knowledge to the product, in accordance with a preplanned schedule, and then to test that product before passing it on to the next station.
Douglas Coupland|I was always the youngest person in class, skinny, scrawny, no good at sports. I asserted myself by being smart. But then I got to college and started to get C's and D's. That was fantastic. I no longer had to be the smartest person in the room.
Lang Leav, Love & Misadventure|A pebble thrown in a poolmay ripple from end to end,but tossed into the sea,it is swallowed by enormity.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|To reveal art and conceal the artist is art’s aim. The critic is he who can translate into another manner or a new material his impression of beautiful things. The highest, as the lowest, form of criticism is a mode of autobiography.
Ben Fountain, Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk|Only in America can you be pro-death penalty, pro-war, pro-unmanned drone bombs, pro-nuclear weapons, pro-guns, pro-torture, pro-land mines, and still call yourself 'pro-life.
Peter  Kirby, The Dead of Winter|But you know how it is with fathers and sons. We can’t say what we want to say. We think a nod is a paragraph and a sentence is a book, and, in the end, all that’s important is left unspoken.
Tim Griffin|There are fewer people living in tents, more people with access to quality health care, more kids who are in school, and for the first time in a long, long time, Haiti is attracting private sector investments.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|The comfort zone is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure.If you always do what is easy and choose the path of least resistance, you never step outside your comfort zone. Great things don’t come from comfort zones.
Joanne Van Leerdam|Doing anything worthwhile will present challenges, but everyone who achieves their goal is an ordinary person who becomes extraordinary.
Stanley Hauerwas, Resident Aliens: Life in the Christian Colony|The cross is not a sign of the church's quiet, suffering submission to the powers-that-be, but rather the church's revolutionary participation in the victory of Christ over those powers. The cross is not a symbol for general human suffering and oppression. Rather, the cross is a sign of what happens when one takes God's account of reality more seriously than Caesar's. The cross stands as God's (and our) eternal no to the powers of death, as well as God's eternal yes to humanity, God's remarkable determination not to leave us to our own devices.
Ayana Prende, The Anatomy of Desire|Resting my head on the high-backed chair, I silently marvel at emotion so strong itcan quite literally chase away all reason and good sense. It is something I have neverexperienced. I pity Frances for being victim to such devastating passions. But, if I amhonest, a small part of me envies her, for she possesses something that I should: desirefor my husband. Moreover, she knows what it is to feel alive.
Mother Angelica|Performers should really go to the best schools, like Lady Gaga, you know, she went to NYU and had great teachers... It's best to really study your technique as much as you possibly can so you can have a long career instead of a quick one that's a failure.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Set example to your children, in speech and in conduct.
Eleanor Catton, The Luminaries|for Pop, who sees the starsand Jude, who hears their music
Mohadesa Najumi|In our global community, when a woman becomes an authoritative figure- it scares the world. She is no longer giving into traditional patriarchal notions of submissiveness, she does not require validation, and subsequently she becomes one of the most feared individuals on the planet. I want all women of the world to throw out notions of validation and act whichever way they want regardless of how they are perceived
Jean Paul Gaultier|In liberal logic, if life is unfair then the answer is to turn more tax money over to politicians, to spend in ways that will increase their chances of getting reelected.
Sheldon B. Kopp, If You Meet the Buddha on the Road, Kill Him: The Pilgrimage Of Psychotherapy Patients|So it is that God tugs at a pilgrim's sleeve telling him to remember that he is only human. He must be his own man, remain in exile, and belong to himself. He must pay attention to his own feelings and to the meaning of what he does, if he is to be for himself, and yet for others as well.
Scott Hastie|Where once there was a void,Now at least there are Seeds of splendour,Becalmed belief for another time.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|The heart is a hollow muscle,and it will beat billions of time during our life. About the size of a fist,it has four chambers....How this muscle can house something as emcompassing as love is beyond me.
Matt Labash|The only way to reduce ugliness in the world is to reduce it in yourself,
Ronald J. Sider, Rich Christians in an Age of Hunger: Moving from Affluence to Generosity|What an ironic tragedy that an affluent, “Christian” minority in the world continues to hoard its wealth while hundreds of millions of people hover on the edge of starvation!
David Ben-Gurion|The answer to all questions of human society is in the lessons of human history, which are revealed in the Bible.
Kim Jong-un|Comrade Kim Jong Il, who was faithful to Comrade Kim Il Sung's ideas and cause, led our revolution along the glorious road of victory, braving the severe trials and adversities of history by dint of his unique leadership of the Songun revolution.
Albert Goldbarth|You deny our vows. You deny my rights. You abuse my pride and leave me nothing of yourself. You send me from you on some lackey's strength. You betray me at every turn." Shanna met his glare and hurled a fierce reply. "You took my heart and set your fingers firm around it, then, no doubt delighted at your success, you rent it with unfaithfulness.""Unfaithfulness is only from a husband. You play the same to me and yet do say I am no spouse.""You plead you are my husband true and spite the suitors come to woo me.""Yea!" Ruark raged. "Your suitors flock about your skirts in heated lust, and you yield them more than me."Shanna paused before him, rage etched upon her face. "You're a churlish cad!""They fondle you boldly and you set not their hands away from you.""A knavish blackguard!""You are a married woman!""I am a widow!""You are my wife!" Ruark shouted to be heard over the rising wind outside.
Ernest Hemingway, To Have and Have Not|Perhaps it is true that all that happens is in accordance with Your will, and thus it is good. But sometimes You leave blood on Your instruments.
Douglas Coupland, Generation X: Tales for an Accelerated Culture|You know, I really think that when God puts together families, he sticks his finger into the white pages and selects a group of people at random and then says to them all, 'Hey! You're going to spend the next seventy years together, even though you have nothing in common and don't even like each other. And, should you not feel yourself caring about any of this group of strangers, even for a second, you will just feel dreadful
Virginia Woolf, Night and Day|Who are we without our addictions; without our media-induced hungers? So often the voices we hear echoing in our mind are not our own but that of our influencers. Isolation, while arguably going against human nature, is essential for mental and emotional health. Solitude is a detoxification of all that distorts our personality and misguides our path in life. It allows us to filter out the foreign opinions and hear our own voice—reach our authentic character—and practice fidelity to self.
Dinesh D'Souza, Letters to a Young Conservative|In my view, the pro-life movement at this point should focus on seeking to reduce the number of abortions. At times it will require political education and legal fights, at times it will require education and the establishment of alternatives to abortion, such as adoption centers. Unfortunately, such measures are sometimes opposed by so-called hard-liners in the pro-life movement. These hard-liners are fools. Because they want to outlaw all abortions, they refuse to settle for stopping some abortions; the consequence is that they end up preventing no abortions.
Carl Honore|We sleep in separate rooms, we have dinner apart, we take separate vacations - we're doing everything we can to keep our marriage together.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Be intelligent, but know it is better to be kind than smart.
Toni Sorenson|Do not ask, "Is is possible?" rather, "Is is worth what it will require of me to make it happen?
Elizabeth Kelly, The Recruit: Book Two|The test of our knowledge is not what we know, but what we can do.
Pope Benedict XVI|Our Generation has had no Great war, no Great Depression. Our war is spiritual. Our depression is our lives.
Stephen Richards, Scottish Hard Bastards|Gary Moore is another legendary figure of sheer violence. In prison, Gary has spent most of his adult life inside one jail or another. When, on the odd occasion, he does get out of prison, it doesn’t take him long to go on a murderous campaign of total terror. Gary has been charged and stood trial for some three or four different murders.
Jane Ripley, Collaboration Begins with You: Be a Silo Buster|As a leader, it's your job to get everyone to share what they know.
Laurie Buchanan, PhD|Taro taught me that people respect spirit, but even cowards don't respect cowards.
Olivia Cunning, Tie Me|Well, that explains why we jumped into bed with each other so quickly. We were both hornier than a bucket of desert toads.
Pushkar Saraf|People say you have expensive tastes.My Humble reply : I appreciate fine art, and fine art is not cheap.
William A. Carroll, Catholic Girl's Manual and Sunday Missal|It has been said that when we pray, we speak to God; when we read, He speaks to us. Keeping this in mind, look for more in good books than entertainment. You will find in these books much that applies to you, and even in good novels, you will find many points that can help you become a finer person and a better Christian.
Acts 2:15|Any attempt to reduce the Bible to a guidebook for how to live is not only wrong, it's also idolatrous. It replaces Christ at the center with something else, with moralism. The point of the Word, the goal of Christianity, is not to teach you how to be a good person, or a good man. The goal is repentance and forgiveness, given freely to sinners, because of the substitutionary death of the God-man, Jesus.
Chris Milk|If future generations are to remember us more with gratitude than sorrow, we must achieve more than just the miracles of technology. We must also leave them a glimpse of the world as it was created, not just as it looked when we got through with it.
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|I have always believed, and I still believe, that whatever good or bad fortune may come our way we can always give it meaning and transform it into something of value.
Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane|When I was a little kid I had a very different meaning of life; simple like a cup of tea with sugar and a piece of cake, today the whole world doesn’t give me that life.
Iggy Pop|I don't feel guilty about the music I love. If you feel guilty about something you dig, then you should stop feeling guilty about it. One of my favorite albums to this day is the 10th anniversary ensemble cast of 'Les Miserables,' the ultimate cast recording, and it is still something I love listening to top to bottom.
Vikki Wakefield, All I Ever Wanted|Courage isn't something you can conjure, it's either in you or it's not.
Frank Wanderer|First you must face your own reality in the present, here and now! If you fail to do that, if you do not obtain first-hand experience from it, there will be no deep, far-reaching changes in you.
Kim Harrison, The Outlaw Demon Wails|Big lots,' I said, seeing the eighty-year-old oaks and shady lawns. The houses were set way back and had iron fences and stone drives. The harder to hear your neighbors scream, my dear,' was David’s answer, and I sent my head up and down in agreement.
Kate Kerrigan, Recipes for a Perfect Marriage|Beware of destructive individuals whose spirits breathe every day the worst toxic oxygen of the soul, "SALIGIA" Superbia, Avaritia, Luxuria, Invidia, Gula, Ira, Acedia.No matter how much goodness, patience, understanding, assistance, forgiveness and letting go you have given them, they will resurface again and again at the doors of your home to impede your happiness.Let truth and goodness always prevail but never be again a doormat of their abusive, evil ways.
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|Now Arthur, if humans could learn to gaze with their eyes or use their special sight, they would realize there is more to seeing than just what is in front of them!” Den the Wise Oak Tree, Meet the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure
Ben Robertson, Red Hills and Cotton|The past that Southerners are forever talking about is not a dead past--it is a chapter from the legend that our kinfolks have told us, it is a living past, living for a reason. The past is a part of the present, it is a comfort, a guide, a lesson.
Jennifer Weiner, Certain Girls|Writer is always alone. But every author is a creator, and gods are lonely.
Jackson Browne|With my daughter, we do arts and crafts, we read a lot, we listen to music, and we cut the strings off balloons and bounce them around after birthday parties.
H.G. Wells, The Outline of History, Vols. I and II|The development of the telescope marks, indeed, a new phase in human thought, a new vision of life. It is an extraordinary thing that the Greeks, with their lively and penetrating minds, never realized the possibilities of either microscope or telescope. They made no use of the lens. Yet they lived in a world in which glass had been known and had been made beautiful for hundreds of years; they had about them glass flasks and bottles, through which they must have caught glimpses of things distorted and enlarged. But science in Greece was pursued by philosophers in an aristocratic spirit, men who, with a few such exceptions as the ingenious Archimedes and Hiero, were too proud to learn from such mere artisans as jewellers and metal- and glass-workers.Ignorance is the first penalty of pride. The philosopher had no mechanical skill and the artisan had no philosophical education, and it was left for another age, more than a thousand years later, to bring together glass and the astronomer.(The Earth in Space and Time §1)
C.P. Snow|When you think of the long and gloomy history of man, you will find more hideous crimes have been committed in the name of obedience than have ever been committed in the name of rebellion.
Sinclair Lewis, Kingsblood Royal|The fact that none of these civic worriers had ever heard of such a case was unimportant, because they all had heard of somebody who had heard of it!
Gena Showalter, The Darkest Pleasure|Legion hissed like a startled cat, the noise scraping at Reyes’s skin. “Me no boy. You think me a boy?”Everyone stopped, stared. Even Aeron.Reyes was the first to find his voice. “You’re a…girl?”A nod. “Me pretty.”“Yes, you are.” Reyes exchanged a glance with Lucien. “Beautiful.
Larry McMurtry, Lonesome Dove|An innate, typically fixed pattern of behaviour is our instinct. A sense of intuitive thought/feeling. An urge, an inner prompting, a drive, a compulsion. That quirky urge, that little voice inside you, those gut feelings is what emerges naturally within you in a particular situation to react with outer world. Every instinct is an impulse. Feel it, trust it, follow it, because when you've whittled down your options and are stuck at a crossroads, that is what gets you through it! That good old instinct feeling
Eli Easton, A Prairie Dog's Love Song|The tiny focal points of pain still glowed on his nerve endings, like stars coming into view one by one in a dark, bare sky. One by one—in the middle of his buttock, just below his collarbone, on the inside of his thigh—more stars came into focus, each glowing brightly at first before settling into the same intensity as the ones before, slowly forming a constellation.
Les Brown|I used to think that divorce meant failure, but now I see it more as a step along the path of self-realization and growth.
Virginia Alison|You are unique in the world, a friend like no other. It’s so amazing that we have so much in common so your happiness is also mine.
Jessica Pan, Graduates in Wonderland: The International Misadventures of Two (Almost) Adults|I know so much is going to happen here, but I just don't know how. It feels like Paris is full of so many adventures just waiting to be had.
Bram Stoker, Dracula|Don’t be tossed away by your monkey mind. You say you want to do something—“I really want to be a writer”—then that little voice comes along, “but I might not make enough money as a writer.” “Oh, okay, then I won’t write.” That’s being tossed away. These little voices are constantly going to be nagging us. If you make a decision to do something, you do it. Don’t be tossed away. But part of not being tossed away is understanding your mind, not believing it so much when it comes up with all these objections and then loads you with all these insecurities and reasons not to do something.
Ray Bradbury|A library was nothing without its people. You say library and there’s this iconoclastic image of an old-lady librarian telling people to be quiet and not to run. But the thing was, that lady—that iconoclastic lady—was with us when we cleaned. She wore blue jeans, too. Maybe she was what people thought about when you said library, but she didn’t make the library. People made the library. That’s what made a library. Without them, all the sacredness was gone. It was just a building with books.
Temitope Owosela|Since I am suffering with type 2 bipolar disorder mainly on the depressive side of the bipolar disorder.I am not afraid nor am I disappointed with it; if this is what God Almighty want me to have; I will make sure that I will make good use of this disorder; and, be the best person that I can be.
Trey Parker|The obviously inexperienced pilot is the game the scientific air-fighter goes after, and the majority of victories are won that way. But, on the other hand, it is the novice usually who gets the famous ace by doing at some moment the unexpected thing.
Angelica Hopes|It was possible to love life, without loving your life.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I have gone astray many times, but Now, what matters is the mercy of God's grace that guides me in the right path.
James Monroe|If children do not understand the Constitution, they cannot understand how our government functions, or what their rights and responsibilities are as citizens of the United States.
Jessie Clever, For Love of the Earl|The engorged moon hung full and low in the sky like a yellow skull. Misshapen clouds stretched across the floating orb with elongated hands and bony fingers grasping. As they neared the docks, the gas lamps grew fewer and the streets gloomier. The cobblestones blackened as they passed the deserted brickfields. Bottle-shaped kilns spat their outrage with orange tongues of fire into the cooling air. Mangy dogs snarled in hunger and wandering sea-gulls screamed their displeasure at the hansom’s passage.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|Yeah, sometimes life really sucks," she says. "But you know what I'm holding on for?"I raise my eyebrows.She raises hers, too, mimicking me."The moments that don't suck," she says. "The trick is to notice them when they come around.
Deb Caletti, The Queen of Everything|It's good to let God pick a man for you. We don't do so well when we pick them ourselves. They end up lipsticks in a drawer, all those wrong colors you thought looked so good in the package.
Hopal Green|Look into yourself, Think about what you will need in the long run and not what you think you want now. #wisdom!
Alain de Botton|The romantic person instinctively sees marriage in terms of emotions, but what a couple actually gets up to together over a lifetime has much more in common with the workings of a small business. They must draw up work rosters, clean, chauffeur, cook, fix, throw away, mind, hire, fire, reconcile, and budget.
Tara Sivec, Seduction and Snacks|Forgive my brother," Camira apologized. "We don't normally let him out of his cage when guests are present.
Angie Thomas|Because of the terrorist threat, the FBI and CIA have become as important as the military in preserving our freedom. Yet while thanking our military is standard practice in American life, no one thinks of thanking the FBI, the CIA, or the rest of the intelligence community for keeping us safe since 9/11.
Arthur Tofte|Well, I just don’t want you to think that this piece of shit is anything other than a pathetic, human defect. Nothing more. Not a monster, not a bogeyman. Nothing but another reason to feel better about yourself. Understand that it’s just a person - not worth devoting any nightmares to.
Dada Bhagwan|We’ (the Gnani Purush, the enlightened one) would never say to anyone, ‘listen to me!’ because that is indeed not under his control.
Randolph Randy Camp, 29 Dimes: A Love Story|If I don't care what toothpaste you use, then why should I care who's in your bed?
Abhijit Naskar|If women are given the same honor and dignity in society as the men, they will run the society way better than men.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Speak about the love of God and faces light up, but speak of God as a Judge, and our attitudes change.
Elizabeth Hardwick|The greatest gift is the passion for reading.It is cheap, it consoles, it distracts, it excites,it gives you knowledge of the world and experience of a wide kind.It is a moral illumination.
Lauren Groff, Fates and Furies|When you're a young man like yourself, life is full of wonders. Everything new. Everything an adventure. But as the years roll on, things become ordinary. Colors lose their vibrance. Stars lose their glitter. You become less in awe of the world. It loses its magic.I don't see this as a painful thing. I think it's a mercy. I believe it's all just so it makes it easier to let the whole thing go when it's our time to pass on. But when you've lived as long as I have, the weight of the years and the tarnished luster of the world can break you down. And it's hard to be alive and be so broken.
Laillah Gifty Akita|I still can remember some of the poems and proverbs, I learnt in my childhood.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau|If we would have new knowledge, we must get a whole world of new questions.
Neel Burton, The Meaning of Madness|The measure of a man, or a woman for that matter, is not so much how much they have done, but what they have overcome to do what they have done. My favorite poets have said:"Do not go gentle into that good night!"-Dylan Thomas"...fill the unforgiving minute with sixty seconds worth of distance ran..."-Rudyard Kipling
Malcolm X, The Autobiography of Malcolm X|The great point in Christianity is the search for an independent content for spiritual life which, according to the insights of its founder, could be elevated, not by the forces of a world external to the soul of man, but by the revelation of a new world within his soul. Islam fully agrees with this insight and supplements it by the further insight that the illumination of the new world thus revealed is not something foreign to the world of matter but permeates it through and through. Thus the affirmation of spirit sought by Christianity would come not by the renunciation of external forces which are already permeated by the illumination of spirit, but by a proper adjustment of man's relation to these forces in view of the light received from the world within.
Laura Kreitzer, Burning Falls|If this is my final moment,” she says, “then I can die happy.”“Is that why you’re saying all this? Because you think we’re going to die?”“I don’t know,” she admits.“Dammit, Summer.” He clings to her waist, grip desperate, eyes heavy with torment. “You’re saying everything I want to hear, but I don’t know if I can trust it.
Oluseyi Akinbami|I know we are supposed to welcome anyone who vows to protect the kingdom, but really, anyone will do anything for a copper these days, and where pride and promises are saleable, expendable men come very cheap indeed.
Peter Bunzl, Cogheart|The Kraken was somewhat obsessed with posture. As for Lily, she barely gave it a second thought. In her opinion it was better to read books than balance them. That’s what they were designed for, after all. And if you wanted to wear something on your head there was a perfectly good item designed for that too: it was called a hat.
Donovan Bailey|Deep into that darkness peering, long I stood there, wondering, fearing, doubting, dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before.
Pablo Neruda, Cien sonetos de amor + las piedras del cielo + maremoto|yo te amo para comenzar a amarte,para recomenzar el infinitoy para no dejar de amarte nunca:por eso no te amo todavía.
Kiera Cass, The Elite|America had often been discovered before Columbus, but it had always been hushed up.
Criss Jami|There is always something behind what is wrong and to change what is wrong, mind the things behind what is wrong! So many people are quick enough to see what is wrong only, and they criticize so blindly! When you see what is wrong, see why, who and what is behind what is wrong.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|With my eyes closed, I would touch a familiar book and draw its fragrance deep inside me. This was enough to make me happy. 
Seanan McGuire, Discount Armageddon|Oh," the girl said, shaking her head. "Don't be so simple. People adore monsters. They fill their songs and stories with them. They define themselves in relation to them. You know what a monster is, young shade? Power. Power and choice. Monsters make choices. Monsters shape the world. Monsters force us to become stronger, smarter, better. They sift the weak from the strong and provide a forge for the steeling of souls. Even as we curse monsters, we admire them. Seek to become them, in some ways." Her eyes became distant. "There are far, far worse things to be than a monster.
Kemi Sogunle|Relationships can be compared to the shopping process. You shop for clothes, food, shoes, etc. You aim at getting yourself the very best things you need and carefully select the items. We can apply this same concept when we take the time to know and understand those we invite into our space. We may not know everything about them upfront but just as we try on clothes to see if they fit, so also should we evaluate those we surround ourselves with and set boundaries where applicable.
Tom Brown, Jr.|After this, I took private lessons in Italian from an elementary school teacher. He gave me themes to write about, and some of them turned out so well that he told me to publish them in a newspaper.
C.L. Swinney|When life throws you curve balls, become a curve ball hitter.
Jewel|Winter reaches its peaknot when a great wind screamsfrom the top of its lungs, but when a lazy breeze whispers from the bottom of its heart
Craig Groeschel, Dare to Drop the Pose: Ten Things Christians Think but Are Afraid to Say|Live in insecurity! Live in revolution! Be a rebel! Risk, because nothing is ever attained in life without risk. The more you risk, the closer you are to God. When you can risk all, all is yours.
G.K. Chesterton|To be clever enough to get all that money, one must be stupid enough to want it.
Charlaine Harris, Dead to the World|As I climbed up into the high old bed, the large fly in my personal ointment did the same. Had I actually told him he could get in bed with me? Well, I decided, as I wriggled down under the soft old sheets and the blanket and the comforter, if Eric had designs on me, I was just too tired to care."Woman?""Hmmm?""What's your name?""Sookie. Sookie Stackhouse.""Thank you, Sookie.""Welcome, Eric.
Anna Seghers, The Seventh Cross|She had never been able to stand her husband, though not for one minute in their married life had she permitted this to make her unhappy. Only people who are fond of somebody can ever be unhappy, she had told her daughter before her wedding.
Warren Farrell|I think one thing as far as my learning curve and what I'm learning - there is a time to take a sack, and then there is also a time to try to find a way to maybe throw the ball at a receiver's feet.
|Instead of saying, 'I have a lot of problems that I am dealing with,' you should say, 'I am a very courageous person, and I always find ways to triumph in all my circumstances in life.' You are only as strong as the things you say to yourself on a frequent basis.
Rainer Maria Rilke, The Notebooks of Malte Laurids Brigge|Walking was not fast enough so we ran. Running was not fast enough, so we galloped. Galloping was not fast enough, so we sailed. Sailing was not fast enough, so we rolled merrily along on long metal tracks. Long metal tracks were not fast enough, so we drove. Driving was not fast enough, so we flew.Flying isn't fast enough, not fast enough for us. We want to get there faster. Get where? Wherever we are not. But a human soul can go only as fast as a man can walk, they used to say. In that case, where are all the souls? Left behind. They wander here and there, slowly, dim lights flickering in the marshes at night, looking for us. But they're not nearly fast enough, not for us, we're way ahead of them, they'll never catch up. That's why we can go so fast: our souls don't weigh us down.
Mark Peter Hughes, Lemonade Mouth Puckers Up|In life things often go wrong, and the future rarely happens the way you think it will.
Jayne Anne Phillips, Lark & Termite|Then he's inside you, and your body remembers, each time, every man, even if you try to forget.
Kevin Kelly DO the pursuit of xcdeptional execution|My major goal in business was to learn. I had legislated in my mind for failure the worse possible scenario was I would learn a lot regardless of the outcome. This goal was the foundation for success of the business. Peldi, Balsamiq
Gautama Buddha, The Dhammapada|The dreams of a pure life,The dreams of a loving wife,Find pleasure in a Godly life.
Eric Gill|Everyone should eat hashish, but only once.
Clarence Darrow| When you are young and strong...you can stay alive on your hatred"....but realized later "They can take everything from me except my mind and heart"Nelson Mandela from Long Walk to Freedom
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|When God forgives, there is an immediate andcomplete change in relationship. Instead of hostility, there is love and acceptance. Instead of enmity, there is friendship.
Thérèse de Lisieux|Holiness consists simply in doing God's will, and being just what God wants us to be.
Lady Sophia Fermor, Woman Not Inferior to Man: Or, a Short and Modest Vindication of the Natural Right of the Fair-Sex to a Perfect Equality of Power, Dignity and Esteem with the Men|why it shou'd create more surprise, to see [a lady] preside in a council of war, than in a council of state. Why may she not be as capable of heading an army as a parliament; or of commanding at sea as of reigning at land? What shou'd hinder her from holding the helm of a fleet with the same safety and steadiness as that of a nation? And why may she not exercise her soldiers, draw up her troops in battle array, and divide her forces into battalions at land, squadrons at sea, &c. with the same pleasure she wou'd have in seeing or ordering it to be done? The military art has no mystery in it beyond others, which Women cannot attain to. A Woman is as capable as a Man of making herself, by means of a map, acquainted with the good and bad ways, the dangerous and safe passes, or the proper situations for encampment. And what shou'd hinder her from making herself mistress of all the strategems of war, of charging, retreating, surprising, laying ambushes, counterfeiting marches, feigning flights, giving false attacks, supporting real ones, animating the soldiery, and adding example to eloquence by being the first to mount a breach. Persuasion, heat, and example are the soul of victory: And Women can shew as much eloquence, intrepidity, and warmth, where their honour is at stake, as is requisite to attack or defend a town.
Makoto Shinkai, The Garden of Words|I thought I had found my true vocation and happiness, but in a strange way, they were just like my stepmother because they didn't want me to grow up either. This is really important you understand, Virginia, because I had gone from something very bad to something very good, but it was only halfway right. They loved me, but they wanted me to stay small like them.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|Of the good in you I can speak, but not of the evil.For what is evil but good tortured by its own hunger and thirst?Verily when good is hungry it seeks food even in dark caves, and when it thirsts it drinks even of dead waters.
Jim Wallis|It was seldom that I attended any religious meetings, as my parents had not much faith in and were never so unfortunate as to unite themselves with any of the religious sects.
Tom Althouse|Call it devilish or divine, but once a man lets a thought become prevalent, it turns into reality.
Ben Tanzer, The New York Stories: Three Volumes in One Collection|It's never too early to think about your legacy," she would say. "Don't you want to leave some kind of mark that you were here?
Tanner Colby, Some of My Best Friends Are Black: The Strange Story of Integration in America|If I’m going to be a student here, treated on equal terms, then I have to be willing to do everything that they do,” I said. “There can’t be two sets of expectations, one for them and one for me, the only girl in the class. How will I earn their esteem if I don’t pose?
D.H. Lawrence, Lady Chatterley's Lover|Be as promiscuous as the rabbits!' said Hammond. 'Why not? What's wrong with rabbits? Are they any worse than a neurotic, revolutionary humanity, full of nervous hate?
Film Crit Hulk!, Screenwriting 101 by Film Crit Hulk!|This is often the way we put together our lives, adding the striking qualities of others into our own character.
Kamand Kojouri|I came to pen another poem for you, but even every unwritten poem is you.
Laura Kreitzer, Key of Pearl|An ear-splitting screech pierced the silence, followed by another, striking his ears like metal against a hollow bell. The woosh woosh of wind being displaced brought Andrew’s attention skyward, and a glacial gust of paralyzing terror raced up his spine. The creature opened its mouth, and a blazing shaft of fire bellowed from above. Andrew barely had enough time to back beneath an awning for protection. Egnatious and Sebastian dove to the side while Firen sidestepped her impending doom, raising the katana in challenge.The screeching returned, except now the howls were coming from every direction.Firen’s chest heaved. “Did you see that?” she asked, her stormy eyes glinting with rapture and daring as she held her katana out, preparing for the next attack.“Did I see the dragon?” Sebastian asked, hysteria dangerously rising to the surface. He stood and brushed himself off. “Yes, I bloody well did see that enormous, scaly, fire-breathing dragon.
Audrey Hepburn|Play is a uniquely adaptive act, not subordinate to some other adaptive act, but with a special function of its own in human experience.
Debasish Mridha|A true leader inspires and empowers others to hope more, dream more, do more, and live more.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Before you attack the porcupine, think of its quills!
S.W. Lothian, The Fallen Pharaoh|You are dead, you know!” he screeched delightedly, “Come on Miss Wright! Die! Die! DIE!
Nadeem Aslam, The Wasted Vigil|Even the air of this country has a story to tell about warfare. It is possible here to lift a piece of bread from a plate and following it back to its origins, collect a dozen stories concerning war-how it affected the hand that pulled it out of the oven, the hand that kneaded the dough, how war impinged upon the field where wheat was grown.
Seth Adam Smith|Letting go may sound so simple, but rarely is it a one-time thing. Just keep letting go, until one day it's gone for good.
Dean Koontz, Life Expectancy|If God were to remove all evil from our world (but somehow leave human beings on the planet), it would mean that the essence of 'humanness' would be destroyed. We would become robots.Let me explain what I mean by this. If God eliminated evil by programming us to perform only good acts, we would lose this distinguishing mark - the ability to make choices. We would no longer be free moral agents. We would be reduced to the status of robots.Let's take this a step further. Robots do not love. God created us with the capacity to love. Love is based upon one's right to choose to love. We cannot force others to love us. We can make them serve us or obey us. But true love is founded upon one's freedom to choose to respond.
Auliq Ice|If you need to know courage then you personally is the courage you discovered by yourself, try harder things and it will show up.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, We Should All Be Feminists|I am angry. We should all be angry. Anger has a long history of bringing about positive change. But I am also hopeful, because I believe deeply in the ability of human beings to remake themselves for the better.""We say to girls 'You can have ambition, but not too much. You should aim to be successful but not too successful, otherwise you will threaten the man. If you are the breadwinner in your relationship with a man, pretend you are not, especially in public, otherwise you will emasculate him.'" "Because I am female, I am expected to aspire to marriage. I am expected to make my life's choices always keeping in mind that marriage is the most important. Marriage can be a good thing, a source of joy, love and mutual support. But why do we teach girls to aspire to marriage, yet we don't teach boys to do the same?""We are all social beings. We internalize ideas from our socialization.
Brandon Sanderson, Words of Radiance|You’ll pardon me,” he finally said, “if the suggestion that the minuscule black turnip you call a heart is suddenly overflowing with generosity toward me leaves me wanting to arm myself and put my back against a wall.
Hanif Kureishi|As it was, she always did whatever occurred to her, which was, admittedly, not difficult for someone in her position, coming from a background where rick of failure was minimal; in fact, you had to work hard to fail in her world.
James Dashner, The Scorch Trials|The brighter the sunlight, the worse it affects them," said Einstein."So we got to pay more attention to the weather forecast," said DogNut. "Cloudy with a chance of zombies.
Linda Hogan, Dwellings: A Spiritual History of the Living World|Walking, I can almost hear the redwoods beating. And the oceans are above me here, rolling clouds, heavy and dark. It is winter and there is smoke from the fires. It is a world of elemental attention, of all things working together, listening to what speaks in the blood. Whichever road I follow, I walk in the land of many gods, and they love and eat one another. Suddenly all my ancestors are behind me. Be still, they say. Watch and listen. You are the result of the love of thousands.
Solange Knowles|Raw lobster tail, freeze dried, is amazing.
C. Robert Cargill, Dreams and Shadows|All the light had fallen away from the world, with only the fog illuminated now. Even the stars struggled against the black, managing only the slightest pinpricks of twinkles through a gloom that was both everywhere and nowhere at once. It wasn't the dark of night; it was the tenebrous shadow of bad omens.
J Ali|More is less, less is more
Michael J. Behe, The Edge of Evolution: The Search for the Limits of Darwinism|Real arms races are run by highly intelligent, bespectacled engineers in glass offices thoughtfully designing shiny weapons on modern computers. But there's no thinking in the mud and cold of nature's trenches. At best, weapons thrown together amidst the explosions and confusion of smoky battlefields are tiny variations on old ones, held together by chewing gum. If they don't work, then something else is thrown at the enemy, including the kitchen sink - there's nothing "progressive" about that. At its usual worst, trench warfare is fought by attrition. If the enemy can be stopped or slowed by burning your own bridges and bombing your own radio towers and oil refineries, then away they go. Darwinian trench warfare does not lead to progress - it leads back to the Stone Age.
Dee Henderson|You should get more sleep," he remarked. "You won't need so many chemicals."She raised an eyebrow. "This from the man with half his bloodstream registered in the patent office." Jovellanos hadn't had her shots yet. She didn't need them in her current position, but she was too good at her job to stay where she was much longer. Desjardins looked forward to the day when her righteous stance on the Sanctity of Free Will went head-to-head against the legal prerequisites for promotion. She'd probably take one look at the list of perks and the new salary, and cave.He had, anyway.
Amy Tan, The Joy Luck Club|Christian writers, whether they like it or not, do not simply write for themselves; for good or ill, readers will see their work as reflecting Jesus Christ and his church. And if only for this reason - though there are other reasons - one must take great care when dealing with potentially controversial topics not to imagine one's every pronouncement preceded by 'Thus saith the Lord.' The law of love, on which 'all the law and the prophets' depend (Matt. 22:40), mandates charity toward one's opponents in argument.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Do not lose faith, it only lead to fear.
Nagarjuna|The world is the true classroom. The most rewarding and important type of learning is through experience, seeing something with our own eyes.
Norman Fischer, Sailing Home: Using the Wisdom of Homer's Odyssey to Navigate Life's Perils and Pitfalls|No one has ever died of restlessness, but rashness is another matter. We've planted seeds, let them grow.
Andrew Murray, Holy in Christ|In the light of His example we can see, in the faith of His power we too can prove, that suffering is to God’s child the token of the Father’s love, and the channel of His richest blessing. [. . .]Suffering is the way of the rent veil, the new and living way Jesus walked in and opened for us.
Billy Dee Williams|I often think that the prime directive for me as a teacher of writing is akin to that for a physician, which is this: do no harm.
Carrie Fisher|Unfortunately, it hurts all three of my feelings.
Luisa Weiss|So I had nothing to distract me from my books and their other worlds that swallowed me whole, from Narnia to the Wisconsin woods, from a small town in Sweden to the red earth of Prince Edward Island. Nothing and no one interested me as much as my books.
Milan Kundera, Laughable Loves|The man raised his glass, 'To you!'Can't you think of a wittier t
Elyn R. Saks, The Center Cannot Hold: My Journey Through Madness|Dropping in and out of your own life (for psychotic breaks, or treatment in a hospital) isn’t like getting off a train at one stop and later getting back on at another. Even if you can get back on (and the odds are not in your favor), you’re lonely there. The people you boarded with originally are far, far ahead of you, and now you’re stuck playing catch-up.
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|Nobody whispers it in your ear. It is like something you memorized once and forgot. Now it comes back and rips away your breath. You find and finger a phrase at a time; you lay it down cautiously, as if with tongs, and wait suspended until the next one finds you: Ah yes, then this; and yes, praise be, then this.
Marguerite Yourcenar, Memoirs of Hadrian|It displeases me to have some creature think that he can foresee and profit from my desire, automatically adapting himself to what he supposes to be my taste.
Marion Zimmer Bradley, The Mists of Avalon|After missing the cut at the 1957 Masters because of poor putting, Hogan retired to the clubhouse and suggested that putting should no longer be a part of the game. “If I had my way,” Hogan grumbled, “every golf green would be made into a huge funnel. You hit the funnel and the ball would roll down a pipe into the hole. I’ve always considered that golf is one game,” Hogan added, “and putting another.
Barbra Streisand|If men knew all that women think, they would be twenty times more audacious.
Giselle Fox, Rare and Beautiful Things|I was sucked in by the blackness of her eyes. I was pulled under as she sank mercifully deep. I imagined her whole body playing inside mine, writhing up and down as I was filled and emptied. My deepest fire ignited then raged and finally exploded. My eyes were open when it happened. Nikki thundered down on me and rocked me in her arms until I stopped shaking. There was nothing more to save and nothing more to give. That sacred part of my soul was now and forever hers.
Anthony T. Hincks|She may be dressed in black from head to toe, but she is still the brightest thing in my universe.
Theresa Pecku-Laryea|She swung around, her hair flying about her like wildfire. Fire. The fireplace.She reached in with all the power Todd had taught her to exercise and grasped as much as she could. She imagined gasoline spilling onto the logs, leaving trails of burning kerosene around the room. In her mind bright orange and red exploded in dazzling sparks. The oxygen seemed to thicken and swell around her.Then the entire room was alight with flame.
Alexander Kjerulf, Happy Hour is 9 to 5|See, happiness at work is an emotion. It comes from inside of you, and like all other emotions it is difficult to define, but inescapable once it’s present. Or not present. Can you define love? Poets have tried for thousands of years and aren’t getting much closer. But when you’re feeling love, you’re acutely aware of it, even though you have no formal definition.
Eloisa James, My American Duchess|He was desire, and I was his prisoner, chained up by his kisses. Submissive to his touch.
Magnus Nwagu Amudi|It is not who will eat beans, but who will pick it that is scarce.
René Magritte|It was always the most striking scene, the best work, the most disturbing emotion and unsettling idea that attracts criticism.
Richard Wagner|But you, children of space, you restless in rest, you shall not be trapped nor tamed.
Tinie Tempah|Obviously, your family life is the priority, but there's still other stuff you have to get done in a day. I think the way I make it work is by taking care of myself, and that includes fitness and eating right and all those things, but also by being very organized and punctual.
Brené Brown, The Gifts of Imperfection: Let Go of Who You Think You're Supposed to Be and Embrace Who You Are|Another anti-theoretical stratagem is to claim that in order to launch some fundamental critique of our culture, we would need to be standing at some Archimedean point beyond it. What this fails to see is that reflecting critically on our situation is part of our situation. It is a feature of the peculiar way we belong to the world. It is not some impossible light-in-the-refrigerator attempt to scrutinize ourselves when we are not there. Curving back on ourselves is as natural to us as it is to cosmic space or a wave of the sea. It does not entail jumping out of our own skin. Without such self-monitoring we would not have survived as a species.
Charlie Sheen|I love the sea's sounds and the way it reflects the sky. The colours that shimmer across its surface are unbelievable. This, combined with the colour of the water over white sand, surprises me every time.
nosrat rasool Allah|Soar on to the King, the crown jewel,And then you'll truly seeThat nothing is as beautifulAs His grand Majesty.
Bruce Crown, How Dim the Promised Land|The lighter something is, the easier it is to darken it.
Walter Mosley|By learning to allow different types of discomfort to simply stay in the room with you, without your scrambling for a button to push (real or metaphorical), you make discomfort matter less.The pool of things you’re afraid of shrinks. It becomes a lot less important to control circumstances, because you know you can handle moments of uncertainty or awkwardness or disappointment without an escape plan.
Sunday Adelaja|If a man is experiencing many trials, God often gives him a vision through dreams to strengthen his spirit
Michael Pollan, The Omnivore's Dilemma: A Natural History of Four Meals|As grandmothers used to say, 'Better to pay the grocer than the doctor
Henri J.M. Nouwen, The Way of the Heart: The Spirituality of the Desert Fathers and Mothers|For many of us prayer means nothing more than speaking with God. And since it usually seems to be a quite one-sided affair, prayer simply means talking to God. This idea is enough to create great frustrations. If I present a problem, I expect a solution; if I formulate a question, I expect an answer; if I ask for guidance, I expect a response. And when it seems, increasingly, that I am talking into the dark, it is not so strange that I soon begin to suspect that my dialogue with God is in fact a monologue. Then I may begin to ask myself: To whom am I really speaking, God or myself?
M.F. Moonzajer|When you love someone deeply, you cannot stop it, because how much you try that much it hurts
Mark Miodownik, Stuff Matters: Exploring the Marvelous Materials That Shape Our Man-Made World|He said that the music—its order and precision—helped him find the patterns in things—the way through the confusion of events and opinions to direction, to order, and beyond, to inspiration.
Barbara Blatner, The Still Position: A Verse Memoir of My Mother's Death|blue-gold sky, fresh cloud, emerald-black mountain, trees on rocky ledges, on the summit, the tiny pin of a telephone tower-all brilliantly clear, in shadow and out. and on and through everything everywhere the sun shines without reservation (p. 97)
Stephen King, Revival|The fundamental difference between the sexes is this: men make assumptions, but women rarely do.
Salman Rushdie|If we can cease envisaging ourselves as metaphorical foetuses, and substitute the image of a newborn child, then that will be at least a small intellectual advance. In time, perhaps, we may even learn to toddle.
Rosie O'Donnell, Find Me|I'd always admired writers. I'd always loved words on a page. Somehow, words seemed to bypass image and get straight to the heart of things. Somehow, words seemed big enough to contain pain, and sentences could pull broken bits together.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Creativity is an inherent ability that cannot be taught, only developed.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|The results you are churning out are a direct or indirect reflection of what you allowed into your life. Unlearning what you already know and practice is no easy task, but sometimes it’s necessary for the programming or re-programming that must take place for success to be made deliberate.
Francesca Woodman|With the daguerreotype everyone will be able to have their portrait taken—formerly it was only the prominent—and at the same time everything is being done to make us all look exactly the same, so we shall only need one portrait.
Dennis Merritt Jones, Your Redefining Moments: Becoming Who You Were Born to Be|Life probably does not hand us any more visceral experience of how we mistakenly define ourselves than by means of our physical body. From the day we were born, the message we received from the world was that we are our body. This was the first great lie we were given by means of the collective consciousness of humankind, which has always valued itself from the outside in.
Ted Hughes|There is no better way to know us Than as two wolves, come separately to a wood.
Nadeem Aslam, The Blind Man's Garden|Tell me,' the man leans forward ans says, 'have you heard of a lady called Madeleine? No? In 1996, this lady named Albright Madeleine, the US ambassador to the United Nations, was asked on television how she felt about the fact that five hundred thousand Iraqi children had died as a result of US economic sanctions? Do you know what she said? She said that it was "a very hard choice" but "we think the price is worth it". These are her exact words. How do you feel about that?'How do you think I feel about that? And I would take your love for children more seriously if you didn't have children cleaning your floors.
Buddy Valastro|I basically have a very positive philosophy of life, because I don't feel I have anything to lose. Most things are going to turn out okay.
Robin Sacredfire|I could doubt the value of my books as much as many do, except that, as a researcher and very curious person, I do read a lot too, and can clearly see the difference in value between what I do and what others do. I have no doubt that my books have much more value than nearly all others out there, and it wouldn't make sense for me to be an author if I couldn't see that, or if I saw the opposite, as I believe that, if we're not upgrading mankind, we're just making it lost and vulnerable to the claws of ignorance.
Cathy O'Neil, Weapons of Math Destruction: How Big Data Increases Inequality and Threatens Democracy|Will those insights be tested, or simply used to justify the status quo and reinforce prejudices? When I consider the sloppy and self-serving ways that companies use data, I'm often reminded of phrenology, a pseudoscience that was briefly the rage in the nineteenth century. Phrenologists would run their fingers over the patient's skull, probing for bumps and indentations. Each one, they thought, was linked to personality traits that existed in twenty-seven regions of the brain. Usually the conclusion of the phrenologist jibed with the observations he made. If the patient was morbidly anxious or suffering from alcoholism, the skull probe would usually find bumps and dips that correlated with that observation - which, in turn, bolstered faith in the science of phrenology. Phrenology was a model that relied on pseudoscientific nonsense to make authoritative pronouncements, and for decades it went untested. Big Data can fall into the same trap. Models like the ones that red-lighted Kyle Behm and black-balled foreign medical students and St. George's can lock people out, even when the "science" inside them is little more than a bundle of untested assumptions.
E.J. Patten, Return to Exile|One single sentence, one frame of film, and abracadabra! the story’s wings would take her to another lost world, another magic realm that was ready to be explored.
Salma Hayek|Diet is really important, and I think vitamins are really important, also.
Ari Gold, The Gold Standard: Rules to Rule By|No one can save time. It’s not like money. You can’t deposit the time you save into an account and use it later. Time passes. Time is a constantly depleting resource. Once it’s gone, it’s gone, and you will NEVER get it back.
Charles Lamb|The fairy tale emanates from specific struggles to humanize bestial and barbaric forces, which have terrorized our minds and communities in concrete ways, threatening to destroy free will and human compassion. The fairy tale sets out to conquer this concrete terror through metaphors.
Jalaluddin Rumi|The deepest of level of communication is not communication, but communion. It is wordless ... beyond speech ... beyond concept.
Michael Brewer|It's an insidious twist of thought that leads one to demand women to give up their reproductive rights to force unwanted pregnancies but then, once birthed from the womb, to deny them access to basic necessities required for even a mediocre life like education, clean air, healthcare, and a fair wage. And these people have the audacity to call their position pro-life.These same people who bemoan the welfare state, yet refuse to require business to honor a fair wage, appear to want to create the very circumstances that they ceaselessly complain about. I dare say that by perpetuating this condition, by feeding the apparatus of poverty, they are satiating their narcissism.With poverty securely entrenched, these lucky few can sit back and smile with smug superiority. Because of course, they pulled themselves up by their bootstraps, they worked harder, and they have earned what they have. It's a meritocracy, they say, if only by merit of their parent's color of flesh or social standing.So yes, let's churn out more children who will be unable to claw their way out of poverty, and if they just happen to defy the odds, let's brainwash them into believing this tripe called the American Dream so they will assist us as we throw their less fortunate fortunate siblings into the hungry machine of conservatism. Because we are really only interested in conserving the status quo.
Harsha Bhogle, The Winning Way: Learnings from sport for managers|The two keys to success as a sportswriter are: 1) A blind willingness to believe anything you're told by the coaches, flacks, hustlers and other "official spokesmen" for the team-owners who provide the free booze ... and: 2) A Roget's Thesaurus, in order to avoid using the same verbs and adjectives twice in the same paragraph.Even a sports editor, for instance, might notice something wrong with a lead that said: "The precision-jack-hammer attack of the Miami Dolphins stomped the balls off the Washington Redskins today by stomping and hammering with one precise jack-thrust after another up the middle, mixed with pinpoint-precision passes into the flat and numerous hammer-jack stomps around both ends....
Carla H. Krueger, From the Horse’s Mouth|To Kalist, Baumauer’s just a timber bridge in need of a good hot fire.
John Bevere, Honor's Reward: The Essential Virtue for Receiving God's Blessings|Fortunately or unfortunately, the greatest authority on matters of life is life itself.
Cassandra Clare, What to Buy the Shadowhunter Who Has Everything|Happy birthday, Alexander," Magnus murmured."Thanks for remembering," Alec whispered back.
Harold Bloom, The Western Canon: The Books and School of the Ages|King die hard, in Shakespeare and in life.
Janet Fitch, White Oleander|Never let a man stay the night,” she told me. “Dawn has a way of casting a pall on any night magic.
Chelsie Shakespeare, The Pull|He would reach for me in the middle of the night, nearly every single night, wrapping one of those solid arms around my waist and pulling me in close. So. Close.
Alexandra Adornetto|Teachers are not glorified babysitters with summers off. Their profession fuels all others, and on a normal day that is amazing enough in and of itself.
Terry Pratchett|It took place in the midnight in the University's Great Hall, in a welter of incense, candlesticks, runic inscriptions and magic circles, none of which was strictly necessary but which made the wizards feel better.
Julian Lincoln Simon|Obedience is detachment from the self. This is the most radical detachment of all. But what is the self? The self is the principle of reason and responsibility in us. It is the root of freedom, it is what makes us men.
Jamie McGuire, Walking Disaster|Fifty minutes, huh?” he muttered. “Too long?” she managed with a teasing smile, knowing she longer had the strength to turn him away. She wanted Dalton to make love to her again. Needed him to. He arched a brow. “You questioning my stamina?” Laughing softly, she reached for his shirt, pulling him to her. “Not on your life. I know better. I was just thinking that for a man who spent years perfecting the eight second ride, fifty minutes might be quite a stretch.” Threading his fingers through her hair, he looked down at her. “The stretching part is no longer in question. Hell, much longer and it’s gonna take a crow bar to get me out of these jeans.” “Then what are you waiting for?
Pessoa|When you committed your life to Christ, he moved into the center; but you must keep him there through worship.
Debasish Mridha|Those who complain never love, those who love, never complain.
Pat Riley|He tries to hand the water back, but I refuse. Jeremy's will is always stronger than anybody else's, though, and when he says he'll only drink more if I do first, I cave and drink
Chauncey Mitchell DePew|In all ages woman has been the source of all that is pure, unselfish, and heroic in the spirit and life of man.....poetry and fiction are based upon woman's love, and the movements of history are mainly due to the sentiments or ambitions she has inspired......there is no aspiration which any man here to-night entertains, no achievement he seeks to accomplish, no great and honorable ambition he desires to gratify, which is not directly related to either or both a mother or a wife. From the hearth-stone around which linger the recollections of our mother, from the fireside where our wife awaits us, come all the purity, all the hope, and all the courage with which we fight the battle of life. The man who is not thus inspired, who labors not so much to secure the applause of the world as the solid and more precious approval of his home, accomplishes little of good for others or of honor for himself. I close with the hope that each of us may always have near us: 'A perfect woman, nobly planned,To warn, to comfort, and command,And yet a spirit still, and brightWith something of an angel light.
Albert Camus, The Myth of Sisyphus|Thinking of the future, establishing aims for oneself, having preferences—all this presupposes a belief in freedom, even if one occasionally ascertains that one doesn't feel it.
Debasish Mridha|I am not rich, but I am wealthy and my wealth is my love.
Sirach|Strive not with a man that is full of tongue, and heap not wood upon his fire. Jest not with a rude man, lest thine ancestors be disgraced
Najat Vallaud-Belkacem|My vision for Scotland is one in which we fight together for the values we are care about: equality, fairness and social justice. Those values are the same whether you live in Dumfries or Carlisle.
Ken Alexopoulos, Sanctified - ACT 1: Born of Man: ACT 1: Born of Man|Kate opens a jar of honey and pours a thick line of the sticky stuff over the top edge of the wound. Setting the jar back on the counter, she picks up the first strip of cloth and gently wraps it around his arm. As she works, she can feel his eyes on her, watching her silently. She stands close, and his injured arm is outstretched just enough for his hand to be hanging in the air beside her waist. When she tugs on the bandage to make the first knot, his hand is pulled to her, lightly brushing the side of her body with the tips of his fingers. When she tugs again, he presses his hand to her waist, and she feels the subtle constriction of his fingertips.
Marcia Lebhar|f you had slept in the same house or field with Jesus, awakened with him, eaten with him and helped him, what would you have observed? One thing we always think of is that Jesus gave himself almost entirely to what we would consider interruptions. Most of the teaching, healing and wonders we see in his life were responsive...seemingly unplanned. He trusted that what the Father allowed to cross his path was exactly that...from the Father. Jesus always seemed willing for things to get messy
Assata Shakur, Assata: An Autobiography|But an action which wants to serve man ought to be careful not to forget him on the way, if it chooses to fulfill itself blindly, it will lose its meaning or will take on an unforeseen meaning; for the goal is not fixed once & for all; it is defined all along the road which leads up to it.
Jenny Han, Always and Forever, Lara Jean|This is two romantic things in a row, so I figure I should praise him accordingly, because the boy responds well to positive reinforcement.
Kristen Callihan, Idol|He's going to kill me. They'll find me lying on the floor, my heart burt wide open, too full of him to stay in my chest.
Olive Schreiner|If you are an artist, may no love of wealth or fame or admiration and no fear of blame or misunderstanding make you ever paint, with pen or brush, an ideal of external life otherwise than as you see it.
George Alec Effinger|I can't believe that we have reached the end of everything. The red dust is frightening. The carbon dioxide is real. Water is expensive. Bio-tech has created as many problems as it has fixed, but we're here, we're alive, we're the human race, we have survived wars and terrorism and scarcity and global famine, and we have made it back from the brink, not once but many times. History is not a suicide note - it's a record of our survival.
John M. Barry, The Great Influenza: The Story of the Deadliest Pandemic in History|Another explanation for the failure of logic and observation alone to advance medicine is that unlike, say, physics, which uses a form of logic - mathematics - as its natural language, biology does not lend itself to logic. Leo Szilard, a prominent physicist, made this point when he complained that after switching from physics to biology he never had a peaceful bath again. As a physicist he would soak in the warmth of a bathtub and contemplate a problem, turn it in his mind, reason his way through it. But once he became a biologist, he constantly had to climb out of the bathtub to look up a fact.
Lev Grossman, The Magicians|I got my heart's desire, and there my troubles began.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|You can’t lead without love, and more importantly, you can’t leave a legacy without love.
Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel|Much of the social history of the Western world, over the past three decades, has been a history of replacing what worked with what sounded good.
Benny Bellamacina, Piddly Poems for Children|A bunch of bad songs, make an awful whine.
Joan Didion, The Year of Magical Thinking|The quail was tender, the potatoes smothered in butter, and the beans roasted in garlic.
Dada Bhagwan|No one in this world is your boss! Yet people walk around with a perplexed look, thinking ‘someone will take away my things!’ Hey, you are the owner of the whole universe. Who can take away what is yours?
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|The tragedy of life is that it comes just once and before you know it, it is gone. Since life comes just once, I encourage you to give it your best shot.
Eddie A. Rios|When you're in a rut, you have to question everything except your ability to get out of it.
Terry Pratchett, Wings|Until the longing came again, like the longing that you hear in the whistle of a train that is going far away. But the longing isn't really in the whistle, the longing is in you—for the wonder and the loveliness that is in the world, and everywhere.
Nalini Singh, Hostage to Pleasure|I had no shoes, and I felt sorry for myself until I met a man who had no feet. I took his shoes. Now I feel better.
Evan Minton, Inference To The One True God: Why I Believe In Jesus Instead Of Other Gods|The Kalam Cosmological Argument, The Fine-Tuning Argument, and The Local Fine-Tuning Argument all do an end-run around the issue of special creation verses evolution. These evidences establish the existence of a Creator of the universe. Thanks to The Kalam Cosmological Argument and the two Fine-Tuning Arguments, the atheist’s goose is cooked before we even get to the issue of the origin of life much less the adequacy of random mutations and natural selection to produce new species of animals! .... I can give the atheist evolution for free. He still has to deal with all of the arguments in this book.
Douglas Coupland, Girlfriend in a Coma|This past year - if you'd have tried, you'd have seen even more clearly the futility of trying to change the world without the efforts of everybody else on Earth. You saw and smelled and drank the evidence of six billion disasters that can only be mended by six billion people. || A thousands years ago this wouldn't have been the case. If human beings had suddenly vanished a thousand years ago, the planet would have healed overnight with no damage. Maybe a few lumps where the pyramids sand. One hundred years ago - or even fifty years ago - the world would have healed itself just fine in the absence of people. But not now. We crossed the line. the only thing that can keep the planet turning smoothly now is human free will forged into effort. Nothing else. That's why the world has seemed so large in the past few years, and time so screwy. It's because Earth is now totally ours.
Natsuki Takaya|In a spirit of hope and new beginnings, we linked arms like a couple of kids. Pushing aside sad thoughts, we strode off into our future.
Dorothy Parker, Not So Deep As A Well: Collected Poems|I never see that prettiest thing-A cherry bough gone white with Spring-But what I think, "How gay 'twould beTo hang me from a flowering tree.
Stanley Victor Paskavich, Return to Stantasyland|once ruffle-skirted vanity table where I primped at thirteen, opening drawers to a private chaos of eyeshadows lavender teal sky-blue, swarms of hair pins pony tail fasteners, stashes of powders, colonies of tiny lipsticks (p.39)
Michael Talbot, The Delicate Dependency: A Novel of the Vampire Life|He'd saved her life and killed her trust. He'd thought it a fair trade, at the time.
Narendra Modi|Democrats creating the expectation that judges should act as politicians in robes is a dangerous precedent to set, threatening the very independence of the judiciary.
J.M. Barrie|I kept thinking there were two kinds of adults: There were...miserable creatures who scoured the earth in search of something to hurt. And then there were people like my parents, who walked around zombically, doing whatever they had to do to keep walking around.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Jesus Christ is God in human flesh, and the story of His life, death, and resurrection is the only Good News the world will ever hear.
Angela Richardson, Pieces of Truth|The mission sat in a converted store front on the corner of a medium-busy street. There was a small crowd gathered in front - no real surprise, since they gave out food and clothing, all all you had to do was spend a few moments of your life listening to the good reverend explain why you were going to Hell. It seemed like a pretty good bargain, even to me, but I wasn't hungry.
Christina Engela|Our negative thoughts actually and literally cause the blessings to be repelled. If you can picture what you want, and believe that it is on its way, by God's law it must come. Hold on to the belief, and in time you will realize it.
John F. Kennedy|I think the greatest of people in society carved niches that represented the unique expression of their combinations of talents, and if everyone had the luxury of expressing the unique combinations of talents in this world, our society would be transformed overnight.
Tara Leigh Cobble, Crowded Skies: Letters To Manhattan|Two natures beat within my breastThe one is foul, the one is blessedThe one I love, the one I hate.The one I feed will dominate.-Anonymous
Bertrand Russell, Sceptical Essays|The special skill of the politician consists in knowing what passions can be most easily aroused, and how to prevent them, when aroused, from being harmful to himself and his associates...Moreover, since politicians are divided into rival groups, they aim at similarly dividing the nation, unless they have the good fortune to unite it in war against some other nation.
Craig Ferguson|NEW RULE: 'Kidiots' Leave the children behind. At least until they learn something. A new study has shown that half of American high schools agree that newspapers should only be able to publish government-approved material. Almost one out of five said people should not be allowed to voice unpopular opinions..This is the first generation after September 11th, who discovered news during a 'watch what you say' administration...George W. Bush once asked, 'is our children learning.' No, they isn't. A better question would be, 'is our teacher's teaching?
Eraldo Banovac|Designing well-written tests still remains a challenging task. Some complex questions may lose clarity causing difficulties in providing meaningful answers. Basically, questions should be designed in such a way that each well-prepared student can easily give a correct answer.
Theodore Isaac Rubin|Every new computer program is basically doing some task that a person used to do. But the computer usually does it faster, more accurately, for less money, and without any health insurance costs.
Molly Harper, The Care and Feeding of Stray Vampires|Like crucifixions and pornography, it never got old.
Catherine Deneuve|We read our children stories starring elephants and monkeys and bears to teach them about nobility, curiosity and courage, to warn them against selfishness and stubbornness.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|i didn't choose dark , neither dark chose mei didn't choose lonely , neither lonely choose mei didn't choose pain , neither pain choose me i didn't choose to live in hell , neither hell chose mei'm thrown there and force to be in that and i cant oppose Because you can't oppose when Something God Do for you.And i keep that person near to my God i trusted and love Even more then God.
Voltaire|While stationed in Fort Jackson, I experienced racial prejudice for the first time and came to the understanding that humans are not born with prejudice, but learn prejudice. Back home in South Dakota, I only knew one black American. The Scandinavians in my community treated him just like any other Swede; my family considered him a friend. My parents taught me, and I believed that all men are equal because God created all men in His image.One day during a week end furlough, I boarded a crowded city bus. As I walked down the aisle, I looked for an open seat. Looking towards the rear of the bus, I noticed three huge, young black men sitting on a bench in the back. I decided to squeeze onto the bench with them. As I sat down, a woman said in a very loud voice, "What is that white soldier doing in our part of the bus?"Neither my life experiences nor my education prepared me for what I experienced walking the streets of Fort Jackson. I saw water fountains for whites only, barbershops for blacks only, and separation for most aspects of Southern living. I discovered that the feelings of prejudice ran deeply amongst many of the people that we encountered. In fact, the blacks even trained separately from the whites during our military preparation, even though we all worked towards defending the United States of America.
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|Don't untie me," she said, "no matter what happens or how much I plead. I'll want to go straight over the edge and drown myself.""Are you trying to tempt me?""Ha-ha.
Cameron Jace, Snow White Sorrow|…he was doing a breath hydrogen test. If you know the amount of hydrogen someone is exhaling orally, it's a simple matter to extrapolate the amount they're exhaling rectally. This is because a fixed percentage of hydrogen produced in the colon is absorbed into the blood and, and when it reaches the lungs, exhaled. The breath hydrogen test has given flatus researchers a simple, consistent measure of gas production that does not require the subject to fart into a balloon.
John Steinbeck, Cup of Gold: A Life of Sir Henry Morgan, Buccaneer, with Occasional Reference to History|...I say to you, without pleasure, that this son of ours will be a great man, because -- well -- because he is not very intelligent. He can see only one desire at a time. I said he tested his dreams; he will murder every dream with the implacable arrows of his will. This boy will win to every goal of his aiming; for he can realize no thought, no reason, but his own. And I am sorry for his coming greatness...
Lisa Carlisle, Dark Pursuit|On the day after Christmas, some store or another will always take out and ad saying there are only 364 shopping days to Christmas. No one is amused.
Mark Batterson, All In: You Are One Decision Away From a Totally Different Life|...opportunities typically come disguised as impossible problems. And while most people run away from their problems, Shamgars run at them with their oxgoads.
Tessa Dare, Say Yes to the Marquess|We are strong and proud and beautiful and there are not enough stars in the night sky to measure our worth. I will honor my mother and take care of my family.Yes, I think. I am just a woman.
Henry David Thoreau|The Jews don't like Farrakhan, so they call me Hitler. Well, that's a good name. Hitler was a very great man.
Joan Pillen, Prairie Magic: Mystics, Mystery and Miracles|If a lion cub thinks it is a kitten, it will grow up catching mice.
Rusty Fischer, Ushers, Inc.|Just try it,” he murmurs, reaching over to cover my hand gently.And I think, Whoa, that’s never happened before!Then: Is he just doing that because he thinks Wyatt is interested?And, finally, this: Who the hell cares?!
Plato, The Republic|Musical training is a more potent instrument than any other, because rhythm and harmony find their way into the inward places of the soul.
Jeremy Camp, I Still Believe|Products are made in the factory, but brands are made in the mind
Amit Abraham|Evil is also not anything small or close to home, and not the worst; otherwise one could grow accustomed to it.
Morton Shaevitz, Refire! Don't Retire: Make the Rest of Your Life the Best of Your Life|Simply put, here amid the kingdoms of this world we have no continuing city. That’s why we dare not become attached to the passing values of any human culture.
Santosh Kalwar|In your life, always be like a driver who runs the car not just a car.
Andy Weir, The Martian|I must go down to the sea...to the lonely sea and the sky, And all I ask is a tall ship, and a star to steer her by......
Jeanette Winterson, Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit|We begin to resemble what we focus on. If we devote our lives to our jobs, then we mentally take the office to our daughter’s lacrosse game.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|He continued to stare out the window. "I meant what I said before. You need to walk away, Pidge. God knows I can't walk away from you.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love is the only criminal who, after stealing your heart, convinces you to celebrate her.
Linda Bender, Animal Wisdom: Learning from the Spiritual Lives of Animals|A group of owls is called a parliament, wisdom, or study.
Veronica Rossi, Under the Never Sky|And it's always better, isn't it, when you discover answers on your own?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The nod of a head is such a small thing, it can mean so little, yet it is the gesture of assent that allows, that makes to be. The nod is the gesture of power, the yes. The numen. the presence of the sacred, is called by its name.
M.A. George, Aqua|You scared the crap out of me,” I shove his bare chest with a growl. “Wasthat you at the front door?”“Ya think?” He fires back with a raise of his eyebrows, taking hold of my armagain, as he practically drags me back toward the front entry.“Did it occur to you to say something?” I shoot back with a scowl. “I thoughtyou were some kind of psychopath.” My frown deepens, as I consider whether he might in fact be a psychopath.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|It was as if a tiny crack had opened somewhere in him and was growing, tearing him to pieces. If he had simply been angry, I might have found a way to calm him, but I had no idea how to put him back together once he came apart.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca|The unthankful heart... discovers no mercies; but let the thankful heart sweep through the day and, as the magnet finds the iron, so it will find, in every hour, some heavenly blessings!
Helen Hollick, The Kingmaking|I know in my life there have been breaches, but I also know that I am very good at blocking out the memories that serve me no purpose.
Psyche Roxas-Mendoza|All the people we loved, who have died, are still alive in the past. The only thing that really separates us is time. It's a matter of perspective. That's what separates optimism and pessimism.
James Clavell, Tai-Pan|Without trade the world will become what it was once—a hell where only the strongest arm and the heaviest lash was law. The meek will never inherit the earth. Aye, but at least they can be protected by law to live out their lives as they wish.
Paula Altenburg, The Demon's Daughter|We are Morgensterns," he added, a dark ache in his voice. " The bright stars of morning. The children of Lucifer, the most beautiful of all God's angels. We are so much lovelier when we fall." He paused. "Look at me , Clary. Look at me.
Phar West Nagle|It doesn’t work,” she continues, unclasping her hands, smoothing her skirt. “What you’re feeling right now doesn’t work. You can’t wander around and think the wandering will call them back. Believe me. I know you don’t want to hear the long view, but let me tell you. You are so young. I know it’s none of my business. But still.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|Your Employees is Part of Your Company,If you want to improve your business Treat like friend not like servant.
Cindy Skaggs, Untouchable|Logan felt raw inside from the look of betrayal she had leveled on him. Who was he to demand honesty when every aspect of his presence in her life, even on the periphery, was a lie?
George Orwell, 1984|That’s precisely what the governing body should NOT do—manage every detail of their lives. We are not their meddling grandmothers; we exist to keep them safe so they can make their own decisions, resolve their own problems, and live their own lives as their conscience dictates. We are NOT to become that conscience.
Jim Cymbala, Fresh Faith: What Happens When Real Faith Ignites God's People|One is not necessarily made self-centered because he is foolish, but one is very often made foolish because he is self-centered.
Abhijeet Sawant|The disadvantage of not being together at same place, not meeting each other personally, not able to talk with each other eye into eye, not able to feel each others touch; makes it difficult for a Long Distance Relationship to work.
George Orwell, 1984|Do you know how does it feel failing every day? No,You get used to it.
Scott Fujita|For some of my friends who raise personal objections to marriage equality, they still recognize the importance of being accepting. And many of them also recognize that regardless of what they choose to believe or practice at home or at their church, that doesn't give them the right to discriminate.
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|Just identify the very first physical action you need to take, and do it.
Jesus Christ|Daring to set boundaries is about having the courage to love ourselves, even when we risk disappointing others.
Debasish Mridha|If you don’t exist, then for you nothing exists.
Sylvia Plath, Ariel|LADY LAZARUSI have done it again.One year in every tenI manage it--A sort of walking miracle, my skinBright as a Nazi lampshade,My right footA paperweight,My face a featureless, fineJew linen.Peel off the napkinO my enemy.Do I terrify?--The nose, the eye pits, the full set of teeth?The sour breathWill vanish in a day.Soon, soon the fleshThe grave cave ate will beAt home on meAnd I a smiling woman.I am only thirty.And like the cat I have nine times to die.This is Number Three.What a trashTo annihilate each decade.What a million filaments.The peanut-crunching crowdShoves in to seeThem unwrap me hand and foot--The big strip tease.Gentlemen, ladiesThese are my handsMy knees.I may be skin and bone,Nevertheless, I am the same, identical woman.The first time it happened I was ten.It was an accident.The second time I meantTo last it out and not come back at all.I rocked shutAs a seashell.They had to call and callAnd pick the worms off me like sticky pearls.DyingIs an art, like everything else.I do it exceptionally well.I do it so it feels like hell.I do it so it feels real.I guess you could say I've a call.It's easy enough to do it in a cell.It's easy enough to do it and stay put.It's the theatricalComeback in broad dayTo the same place, the same face, the same bruteAmused shout:'A miracle!'That knocks me out.There is a chargeFor the eyeing of my scars, there is a chargeFor the hearing of my heart--It really goes.And there is a charge, a very large chargeFor a word or a touchOr a bit of bloodOr a piece of my hair or my clothes.So, so, Herr Doktor.So, Herr Enemy.I am your opus,I am your valuable,The pure gold babyThat melts to a shriek.I turn and burn.Do not think I underestimate your great concern.Ash, ash--You poke and stir.Flesh, bone, there is nothing there--A cake of soap, A wedding ring,A gold filling.Herr God, Herr LuciferBewareBeware.Out of the ashI rise with my red hairAnd I eat men like air.
Chris Cleave, Everyone Brave is Forgiven|She knew, now, why her father had not spoken of the last war, nor Alistair of his. It was hardly fair on the living.
Gemma Seltzer, Speak to Strangers|Just because something is told as a story and that story is part legend or myth, or feat of imagination, does not mean there is no truth in it.
Vikrmn, 10 Golden Steps of Life|Ordinary moments make the life. This is what she knew to be trustworthy and this is what I learned, eventually, from those years we spent together. No leaps or falls. I inhale the little drizzly details of the past and know who I am. What I failed to know before is clearer now, filtered up through time, an experience belonging to no one else, not remotely, no one, anyone, ever. I watch her use the roller to remove lint from her cloth coat. Define coat, I tell myself. Define time, define space.
Pawan Mishra, Coinman: An Untold Conspiracy|I am fascinated by the dailies, what is daily.
Ricky Schroder|Writing is boring, very boring, and it takes so much patience.
Ulysses S. Grant|We name time when we say: every thing has its time. This means: everything which actually is, every being comes and goes at the right time and remains for a time during the time allotted to it. Every thing has its time.
Joseph Heller, Catch-22|-You have no respect for excessive authority or obsolete traditions. You're dangerous and depraved, and you ought to be taken outside and shot!
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|Asides your power, passion and poise, what glues the posters of your impacts on memorial walls is how you treat those you need and those who need you.
Akansh Malik, Love Heals Everything|It's not about being single or in a relationship, it's about feeling good about yourself. Start loving yourself... <3
Marcia Lebhar|The author of Hebrews says what kept him (Jesus) going was "the joy set before him" (Hebrews 12:2). The joy of accomplishing what had been lovingly planned from the beginning...the joy of pleasing his Father. And you. Your face was before him. He was willing to bear the terrible irony of obscurity to accomplish the plan, to please his Father, and to win you.
Brandi L. Bates, Remains To Be Seen|Hello, Harry!” she said.“Er — my name’s Barny,” said Harry, flummoxed.“Oh, have you changed that too?” she asked brightly.“How did you know — ?”“Oh, just your expression,” she said.Like her father, Luna was wearing bright yellow robes, which she had accessorized with a large sunflower in her hair. Once you got over the brightness of it all, the general effect was quite pleasant. At least there were no radishes dangling from her ears.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Sometimes, God doesn’t make things happen in a sudden, but for a reason!
Joe Meno, Demons in the Spring|And then, with the feather-green darkness pressed against the windows, he puts his filthy fingers on my scrubbed hope face and says, "If I kiss you, it's all over." And then he does. And then it is.
Kemi Sogunle|Bullies do not just wake up and decide to be one. They are people who have or are experiencing emotional or verbal abuse. All you can do is not retaliate but show them love. Doing so, allows them see what they are missing and need. You can let them see the other side of life when you show love not hurt. After all, we are all products of love and we must choose to demonstrate that above all else.
Christopher Hitchens, Hitch-22: A Memoir|In a public dialogue with Salman in London he [Edward Said] had once described the Palestinian plight as one where his people, expelled and dispossessed by Jewish victors, were in the unique historical position of being 'the victims of the victims': there was something quasi-Christian, I thought, in the apparent humility of that statement.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Outer beauty you see with your eyes, but inner beauty you only see with your heart.
C. JoyBell C.|Don’t try to change the world; just change yourself. Why? Because the whole world is only relative to the eyes that are looking at it. Your world actually only exists for as long as you exist and with the death of you, includes the death of your world. Therefore, if there is no peace in your heart; you will find no peace in this world, if there is no happiness in your life; you will find no happiness anywhere around you, if you have no love in your heart; you will not find love anywhere and if you do not fly around freely inside your own soul like a bird with perfectly formed wings; then there will never be any freedom for you regardless if you are on a mountaintop removed from all attachments to all of mankind! Even the mountaintop cannot give you freedom if it is not already flying around there inside your own soul! So I say, change yourself. Not the world.
Li-Young Lee|I am that last, thatfinal thing, the bodyin a white sheet listening,
Roger Wicker|We need, ultimately, to be able to view mental health with the same clear-headedness we show when talking about physical health.
Max Hastings, Catastrophe 1914: Europe Goes to War|«Such is the irony of life,» Kruppe proclaimed, raising one pastry-filled hand over his head, «that one learns to distrust the obvious, surrendering instead to insidious suspicion and confused conclusion. But, is Kruppe deceived? Can an eel swim? Hurrah, these seeming muddy waters are home to Kruppe, and his eyes are wide with wonder.»
Alexander Schmemann, For the Life of the World: Sacraments and Orthodoxy|It is interesting that Jesus encounters a person, personally, forgives him, transforms him adds Him into the Church - the Body of Christ, However today, Church is getting the other way around, she is raising up a believer in Church, feeding the cup of her doctrine and then showing the person of Christ in with the veil of concocted and diseased doctrines.
Himangshu Rabha|•	Memories are just a spark from the fire that you have in your heart from the love you have for the person you shared them with. A flash of warmth that comes with the knowledge that at that very moment life is perfect, a glimmer of hope that this happiness will last forever.
Anthony Liccione|Sex swims in marriage, while sex sinks in sin of being single.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|I have a dream, there will be critical point in the future,where economics and technology will negate each other.
Danielle Monsch, Stone Embrace: A Stone Guardian After-Scene|His father read aloud, quietly, his voice steady and gentle, while he pressed a hand to Liam's delicate back, supporting his position....She realized Dragos was reading the quarterly profit percentages from a stockholders' report.
Samar Sudha|It's easier to get over a thing" Scobie said, "if you talk about it
John Taskinsoy|Obtaining sought skills is critical in gaining an advantage over others (competitors), but being fluent in English could enable you to leap into the next level of success in international business.
Robert McKee|What happens is fact, not truth. Truth is what we think about what happens.
Angela Thomas|Does it kill them? I don't want to be killing Americans whatsoever, Jeffrey.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A book is a garden, only its flowers are ideas.
Pat Robertson|We are reflections of one another, therefore I know that you are part of me and I am part of you because we are all projections of the universal principles of creation/destruction polarities of the same infinite consciousness that we call God.
Dejan Stojanovic|There is another alphabet, whispering from every leaf, singing from every river, shimmering from every sky.
Thomas Mann|when you help a child develop their talents, you are creating a better tomorrow.
Munia Khan|I’ve learnt to gather simplicity from grasshoppers. I like their naive indecisive minds never knowing exactly when to stop chirping, and I envy their ability to be able to mingle with the green…
Mahmoud Own|You are not responsible for anybody elses life or happiness, don't ever feel guilty for being happy! ‪
Cormac McCarthy, The Sunset Limited|I dont believe in God. Can you understand that? Look around you man. Cant you see? The clamour and din of those in torment has to be the sound most pleasing to his ear. And I loathe these discussions. The argument of the village atheist whose single passion is to revile endlessly that which he denies the existence of in the first place. Your fellowship is a fellowship of pain and nothing more. And if that pain were actually collective instead of simply reiterative then the sheer weight of it would drag the world from the walls of the universe and send it crashing and burning through whatever night it might yet be capable of engendering until it was not even ash. And justice? Brotherhood? Eternal life? Good god, man. Show me a religion that prepares one for death. For nothingness. There's a church I might enter. Yours prepares one only for more life. For dreams and illusions and lies. If you could banish the fear of death from men's hearts they wouldnt live a day. Who would want this nightmare if not for fear of the next? The shadow of the axe hangs over every joy. Every road ends in death. Or worse. Every friendship. Every love. Torment, betrayal, loss, suffering, pain, age, indignity, and hideous lingering illness. All with a single conclusion. For you and for every one and every thing that you have chosen to care for. There's the true brotherhood. The true fellowship. And everyone is a member for life. You tell me that my brother is my salvation? My salvation? Well then damn him. Damn him in every shape and form and guise. Do I see myself in him? Yes, I do. And what I see sickens me. Do you understand me? Can you understand me?
Jason Dolley|But as I was saying, from my experiences, I think men tend to be more timid in expressing their feelings for you. Regardless, I always prefer a friendship first and foremost.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Mirroring is a powerful neuro-linguistic programming technique that can be used to bond with others, build rapport, and reach mutual understanding more quickly. You may already be using it instinctively without even being aware.
Marty Rubin|When you fill a void, isn't the void still there?
Charli XCX|I think the best people are the ones who are just as nice and fun. This is really cheesy, but you only have one life - why spend most of it pretending to be cool?
Eliza Cook|My mother said to me  "If you become a soldier  you'll be a general  if you become a monk you'll end up as the pope." Instead  I became a painter and wound up as Picasso.
Victor Hugo|There is no "can't" in martial arts. It is perfectly all right for students to state that they are "still working on it", "have not mastered it yet", or "are trying as best they can" as all of those sentiments reflect willingness and perseverance. It is not all right, on the other hand, to verbally or physically portray reluctance, vacillation, or defect.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Once you say “I can’t”, you suppress the left over passion in you. But you say “I can”, you spark your inner power to make it happen. You can!
Tambré Bryant|Ah, you dumb sonovabitch, why’d you let your warrior go?
Maggie Stiefvater, Sinner|The music video will die when we all go blind, and music will never die, because even when you can't hear it, you can feel it.
Dolly Parton|Any fact facing us is not as important as our attitude toward it, for that determines our success or failure. The way you think about a fact may defeat you before you ever do anything about it. You are overcome by the fact because you think you are.
Colleen Hoover, Hopeless|I love how you aren't weird and awkward, despite the fact that you've been severely cut off from socialization to the point where you make the Amish look trendy.
Hilaire Belloc, On Anything|All that can best be expressed in words should be expressed in verse, but verse is a slow thing to create; nay, it is not really created: it is a secretion of the mind, it is a pearl that gathers round some irritant and slowly expresses the very essence of beauty and of desire that has lain long, potential and unexpressed, in the mind of the man who secretes it. God knows that this Unknown Country has been hit off in verse a hundred times...Milton does it so well in the Fourth Book of Paradise Lost that I defy any man of a sane understanding to read the whole of that book before going to bed and not to wake up next morning as though he had been on a journey.
Ramsey Campbell, Alone With the Horrors: The Great Short Fiction, 1961-1991|Wielding a hammer, however, you’re at the very heart of the experience, being flooded with wonderful sensations that simply can’t be yours if you use a firearm. Now, you might be asking yourself how I came to discover the splendors of hammer attack. I’ll tell you. You won’t want to hear it, though.
Colum McCann, Zoli|Where happiness was not a possibility, the illusion of it was always more important.
Salman Rushdie, Shalimar the Clown|When you pray for what you most want in the world, its opposite comes along with it. I was given a woman whom I truly loved and who truly loved me. The opposite side of such a love is the pain of its loss. I can only feel such pain today because until yesterday I knew that love.
Mehmet Murat ildan|For most of the people there is no today and there is no tomorrow; for them, there is only the past times! Leave your past to live your today and to live your tomorrow!
Kelly Cherry, The Exiled Heart: A Meditative Autobiography|You are arrogant," says the cat, "and you are in love. Either one of these things alone might be overcome, but together, they make for a stubborn combination.
Michael Faraday|The most important thing is the indigenous people are not vindictive by nature. We are not here to oppress anybody - but to join together and build Bolivia, with justice and equality.
Carrie Ryan|I imagine that's what it must have been like to ride the roller coaster back in the before time. One moment teetering at the top, the world laid out before you and the rush of life filling your lungs. . . and then the plummet. The lack of control. That's what I've started to learn about this world. It might give, but it always takes away.
Elie Wiesel, Night|I had many things to say, I did not have the words to say them. Painfully aware of my limitations, I watched helplessly and language became an obstacle. It became clear that it would be necessary to invent a new language... I would pause at every sentence, and start over and over again. I would conjure up other verbs, other images, other silent cries. It still was not right. But what exactly was “it”? “It” was something elusive, darkly shrouded for fear of being usurped, profaned. All the dictionary had to offer seemed meager, pale, lifeless.
Ayn Rand|It was the only thing I ever really wanted. And that’s the sin that can’t be forgiven--that I hadn’t done what I wanted. It feels so dirty and pointless and monstrous, as one feels about insanity, because there’s no sense to it, no dignity, nothing but pain--and wasted pain...why do they always teach us that it’s easy and evil to do what we want and that we need discipline to restrain ourselves? It’s the hardest thing in the world--to do what we want. And it takes the greatest kind of courage.
Charles de Montesquieu|When we recall the past, we usually find that it is the simplest things - not the great occasions - that in retrospect give off the greatest glow of happiness.
Phillipa Bornikova, This Case Is Gonna Kill Me|The Anne Rice books are a lot about infection. I read "Interview With the Vampire" a million times when I was in seventh and eighth grade. Also, [writing Gavriel's backstory] definitely came from those books: I sat down and reread them all and thought a lot about… the way in which vampirism is pushing away from humanity in interesting ways, and creating something new from humanity. I imprinted on those books pretty hard.Tanith Lee's "Sabella or the Blood Stone" was a big inspiration. I absolutely loved her books; when I was a kid, I wrote many bad Tanith Lee pastiches. Susie McKee Charnas' "The Vampire Tapestry." Poppy Z. Brite's "Lost Souls." Nancy Collins' "Sunglasses After Dark," which sounds like the most '80s title ever. It's about a vampire named Sonja Blue, and she goes around killing vampires. She's the only vampire who's half-alive. It's a really fun, blood-filled romp. It's very "Blade" before "Blade"--with a lady.
Daniel Gyorki|My life, my soul is anything but finished hence it is not perfect. Only masterpieces are finished and could be considered perfect. So unless you are a "David" or a "Requiem" or perhaps a "Mona Lisa" you are not perfect. We'll be prone to errors and we will make mistakes. But at least these allow us to become something closer to perfection.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment|Taking a new step, uttering a new word, is what people fear most.
Rebecca Solnit, Storming the Gates of Paradise: Landscapes for Politics|We can act to deal with the consequences of the earthquake and tsunami, but the disaster was only faintly political in the economics and indifference...the relief will be very political, in who gives how much (Bush offering 15 million, then 35 million under pressure, the cost of his inauguration and then 350 million under strong international pressure)...but the event itself transcends politics, the realm of things we cause and can work to prevent. We cannot wish that human beings were not subject to the forces of nature, including the mortality... we cannot wish for the seas to dry up, that the waves grow still, that the tectonic plates ceast to exist, that nature ceases to be beyond our abilities to predict and control... But the terms of that nature include such catastrophe and suffering, which leaves us with sorrow as not a problem to be solved but a fact. And it leaves us with compassion as the work we will never finish
Mary-Kate Olsen|I've said before, the number one thing that we have to work on is protecting the gay community from sharia law. Now, in the United States, it's probably not a big issue right now, but my brother-in-law is gay, and his partner and I would like them to be able to travel any place in the world without them risking harm.
Petek Kabakci|To be wealthy, powerful or famous does mot matter to me. Starting a social good ripple that will turn to an ocean wave matters to me.
Junaid Raza|Sometime we get so tired that we wish to get defeated, and want to feel the pleasure of that failure.
Irène Némirovsky, Suite Française|What separates or unites people is not their language, their laws, their customs, their principles, but the way they hold their knife and fork.
Iain Pears, The Dream of Scipio|Felix had gone to live in a lotus land of his imagination. Where what is desired is dreamed of as already happened, where obstacles dissolve under the weight of desire, and where reality has vanished entirely.
Nora Roberts, The Hollow|See," Sasha muttered, eyeing the sun. "It's mine.
Alyse M. Gardner, Slayers|The Tejo runs down from SpainAnd the Tejo goes into the sea in Portugal.Everybody knows that.But not many people know the river of my villageAnd where it comes fromAnd where it’s going.And so, because it belongs to less people,The river of my village is freer and greater.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|People believe, thought Shadow. It's what people do. They believe, and then they do not take responsibility for their beliefs; they conjure things, and do not trust the conjuration. People populate the darkness; with ghosts, with gods, with electrons, with tales. People imagine, and people believe; and it is that rock solid belief, that makes things happen.
Deyth Banger, Code|And he thought of the two people who had held his job before him: Sam and Astrid. Both beaten into despair by trying to hold this group of kids together in the face of one disaster after another. Both of them now happy to let Edilio handle it.“No wonder,” Edilio muttered.“Stay inside unless absolutely necessary,” Edilio shouted, and not for the first or last time wished he was still just Sam’s faithful sidekick.
Becca Ritchie & Kristia Ritchie, Long Way Down|In order to break free from the chains that bind, one must take whatever action they can to disconnect internally from the larger systems of oppression, of which the family unit is merely a microcosm.
