John Grisham, The Rainmaker|We cuss them because we're not good enough for them. We hate them because they wouldn't look at us, couldn't be bothered to give us an interview. I guess there's a Trent & Brent in every city, in every field. I didn't make it and I don't belong, so I'll just go through life hating them.
Jorge Luis Borges|You have wakened not out of sleep, but into a prior dream, and that dream lies within another, and so on, to infinity, which is the number of grains of sand. The path that you are to take is endless, and you will die before you have truly awakened.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, This Side of Paradise|Amory, sorry for them, was still not sorry for himself - art, politics, religion, whatever his medium should be, he knew he was safe now, free from all hysteria - he could accept what was acceptable, roam, grow, rebel, sleep deep through many nights...There was no God in his heart, he knew; his ideas were still in riot; there was ever the pain of memory; the regret for his lost youth - yet the waters of disillusion had left a deposit on his soul, responsibility and a love of life, the faint stirring of old ambitions and unrealized dreams...And he could not tell why the struggle was worth while, why he had determined to use to the utmost himself and his heritage from the personalities he had passed...He stretched out his arms to the crystalline, radiant sky."I know myself," he cried, "but that is all.
Stephen Marley|Restaurants are like kids. You hope you understand their innate gifts, and then you let them realize their aspirations.
Pamela Clare, Breaking Point|Some part of him had hoped that a woman might one day see beyond his scars to the man he was inside. But Megan was doing more than just ignoring his ugliness. She was _accepting_ it with a woman's gentleness, her touch soothing memories of savage pain, grief, loneliness.
Ness Kingsley, The Curse of Cackling Meadows|Instead she looked very hard at the woman's chin. On it was a single white hair - visible even in the heavy dusk - that closely resembled a piece of thread hanging off a scrap of fabric. The woman forgot about Rusty for a moment. "I call her Hephzibah," she said with pride. "It's taken years for her to grow.
Joyce Carol Oates|Warum man schreibt, ist eine Frage die sich der Schriftsteller, völlig versunken in seine Arbeit, nicht stellt. Theorien sind das Gebiet derer, die nicht handeln.
Andrew Marvell, To His Coy Mistress|Thus, though we cannot make our sun Stand still, yet we will make him run.
Andrea Laurence, Sexy as Hell|So that's how we end up helping Aviva pick out a male escort. Even Darcy is impressed with Eugene's organization; each profile in the boy binder has two pictures, a head shot and a full-body shot, and lists essential information: age, school, height, weight, extracurriculars, hobbies, and dance ability (which ranges from "occasional Dance Dance Revolution participation" to "so good he could back up the Biebs").
Morris West, The Devil's Advocate|If after all your efforts you cannot succeed, you could not please our Lord more than by sacrificing to Him your will, and remaining in tranquility, humility, and devotion, entirely conformed and submissive to His divine will and good pleasure.
Carol Shields, Unless|Happiness is the lucky pane of glass you carry in your head. It takes all your cunning just to hang on to it, and once it's smashed you have to move into a different sort of life.
Daniel Tammet, Thinking In Numbers: On Life, Love, Meaning, and Math|What she coaxed out of me was a visceral need to live, and wasn't that what fueled immortality and made it worthwhile anyway? That there were wonders still left to be uncovered?
H.P. Lovecraft|The maddened four men followed frantically, for it is better to be in the presence of the awful than only within hearing. ("The Black Dog")
Jon Woodson|... they only trusted the wisdom of people brighter and more worldly than themselves when it was expressed in the vocabulary and style of rural idiots. In his guise as Brazenydol, he had once had a contract with DARPA to teach a team of physicists the basic terminology of tractor pulls so that they could give an acceptable explanation of omniwavelength stealth to a Congressional committee that didn’t understand tractor pulls, either.
Robert Benchley|When animals express their feelings they pour out like water from a spout. Animals' emotions are raw, unfiltered, and uncontrolled. Their joy is the purest and most contagious of joys and their grief the deepest and most devastating. Their passions bring us to our knees in delight and sorrow.
Parker Stevenson|I think patriotism is all about wanting to see America better, wanting to see those are oppressed do better and get treated better.
Ray Tomlinson|Corporate communications will become a high-tech art, just as political communication is for Obama.
Jaiendra Puri|Hope is a motivation for pressing ahead, a sustained effort and a joy that the promised will be fulfilled at the right time.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|In the many months of his absence, she never wondered whether he was true to her or not; she knew he was. She knew, even though she was too young to know the reason, that indiscriminate desire and unselective indulgence were possible only to those who regarded sex and themselves as evil.
Matthew Desmond|If eviction has these massive consequences that we all pay for, a very smart use of public funds would be to invest in legal services for folks facing eviction.
Erich Fromm, The Art of Loving|Love, experienced thus, is a constant challenge; it is not a resting place, but moving, growing, working together; even when there is harmony or conflict, joy or sadness, is secondary to the fundamental fact that two people experience themselves, rather than by fleeing from themselves. There is only one proof for the presence of love: the depth of the relationship, and the aliveness and strength in each person concerned; this is the fruit by which love is recognized.
Tyler Cowen|For the U.S., I think we should have a carbon tax, for environmental reasons.
Debasish Mridha|If all of us make peace as a purpose of our life, how could there be war?
Suzette R. Hinton|You are like an ocean: quietly ebbing and flowing to the rhythm of life, but wildly expansive and profoundly powerful. You are boundless. You are whole. Your quietness is your strength. Your depth is your advantage.
Robert Sheckley, The Status Civilization|There is no such source and cause of strife, quarrel, fights, malignant opposition, persecution, and war, and all evil in the state, as religion. Let it once enter into our civil affairs, our government soon would be destroyed. Let it once enter our common schools, they would be destroyed. Those who made our Constitution saw this, and used the most apt and comprehensive language in it to prevent such a catast
Peggy Toney Horton, Stop the World and Get Off|She is bending over her child. She can’t leave her. Thechild is laid out in state on a table. She wants to take one more photograph of the child, probably the last. In life, the child would never sit still for a photograph. She says to herself, “I’m going to get the camera,” as if saying to the child, “Don’t move.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close|O, treacherous Death! You can't be forgiven for vanquishing my creator to the dust.
Dada Bhagwan|Violent intent (Hinsak bhaav) is indeed worldly life (sansar). When there is no Violent intent (hinsak bhaav) within us while the worldly life is going on, then we become free from all responsibilities.
Dave Eggers, The Circle|I was trying to make the web more civil. I was trying to make it more elegant. I got rid of anonymity. I combined a thousand disparate elements into one unified system. But I didn’t picture a world where Circle membership was mandatory, where all government and all life was channeled through one network.
Ana Claudia Antunes, Pierrot & Columbine|Don't starve an instinct with a lie on, Never hit or deceive a wounded lion. He heals faster than you can imagine And hurts even more when in famine.
Martha Hall Kelly, Lilac Girls|Who can live without eating? A farmer is a great hero because he fights for our existence! If anyone deserves a medal of existence in a country, that person should be a farmer!
F. H. Batacan|That's the nature of any kind of rot. If you don't stop it, it keeps going. It will keep going until it destroys the very organism that feeds it.
Michelle Tea, Valencia|I knew what I stood for, even if nobody else did. I knew the piece of me on the inside, truer than all the rest, that never comes out. Doesn't everyone have one? Some kind of grand inner princess waiting to toss her hair down, forever waiting at the tower window. Some jungle animal so noble and fierce you had to crawl on your belly through dangerous grasses to get a glimpse.
Alin Sav|Every time I read "serve", I understand "leadership".
Lynsey Addario, It's What I Do: A Photographer's Life of Love and War|A note on language. Be even more suspicious than I was just telling you to be, of all those who employ the term "we" or "us" without your permission. This is another form of surreptitious conscription, designed to suggest that "we" are all agreed on "our" interests and identity. Populist authoritarians try to slip it past you; so do some kinds of literary critics ("our sensibilities are enraged...") Always ask who this "we" is; as often as not it's an attempt to smuggle tribalism through the customs. An absurd but sinister figure named Ron "Maulana" Karenga—the man who gave us Ebonics and Kwanzaa and much folkloric nationalist piffle—once ran a political cult called "US." Its slogan—oddly catchy as well as illiterate—was "Wherever US is, We are." It turned out to be covertly financed by the FBI, though that's not the whole point of the story. Joseph Heller knew how the need to belong, and the need for security, can make people accept lethal and stupid conditions, and then act as if they had imposed them on themselves.
Benjamin Franklin, the Art of Virtue: His Formula for Successful Living|It is easy to decide on what is wrong to wear to a party, such as deep-sea diving equipment or a pair of large pillows, but deciding what is right is much trickier.
John  Adams, The Political Writings of John Adams|There is nothing in which mankind have been more unanimous [founding nations upon superstition]; yet nothing can be inferred from it more than this, that the multitude have always been credulous, and the few artful. The United States of America have exhibited, perhaps, the first example of governments erected on the simple principles of nature: and if men are now sufficiently enlightened to disabuse themselves of artifice, imposture, hypocrisy, and superstition, they will consider this event as an era in their history... [T]he detail of the formation of the American governments... may hereafter become an object of curiosity. It will never be pretended that any persons employed in that service had any interviews with the gods, or were in any degree under the inspiration of heaven... it will for ever be acknowledged that these governments were contrived merely by the use of reason and the senses... Thirteen governments thus founded on the natural authority of the people alone, without a pretence of miracle or mystery, which are destined to spread over the northern part of that whole quarter of the globe, are a great point gained in favour of the rights of mankind.[A Defence of the Constitutions of the United States of America, 1787]
Jim Rohn|An image is not simply a trademark, a design, a slogan or an easily remembered picture. It is a studiously crafted personality profile of an individual, institution, corporation, product or service.
Kris Kidd|One American in seven has no coverage, and one in three younger than sixty-five will lose coverage at some point in the next two years. These are people who aren't poor or old enough to qualify for government programs but whose jobs aren't good enough to provide benefits either.
T. E. Lawrence|In my dreams, I could be a Princess, and that's what I was. Like most little girls, I believed nothing less than a Prince could make my dreams come true.
Courtney Cole, Every Last Kiss|What was it about relationships that made you feel so vulnerable? Oh, right. A relationship. In any relationship, you put yourself out there. You exposed all of your sensitive nerve endings and your heart and you just had to hope that you trusted the right person.
Rachel Cohn, Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist|[S]he leans into this guy and rocks her head like I’m making this music for her, when if I could, I would take it all away and give her as much silence as she’s given me pain. 
Stephan Pastis|If somebody is not on the same page with me humor wise, I can't give them that.
Nicolas Cage|I always appreciated the magnitude of my mother's imagination. She always saw beauty in what was broken, and she'd preserve it.
John Lasseter|I learned hard lessons in life; I had to because I had so much happen: My mother died my sophomore year in high school. The next year, same day, my brother dropped dead. Two years after that, I got married because my girlfriend got pregnant. The year after my wedding, my father - who I had only recently met - died.
J.R. Rim|Prayer is meeting with God. It's checking in, saying I am here, You are here. It is the present moment.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Participate in your own dreams, don’t just say what you want or complain about what you don’t have.
Frank Lloyd Wright|I come from hardworking, determined people on both sides of my family... the kind who live with a hard reality from which much strength comes.
Brigitte Bardot|Our scientific age demands that we provide definitions, measurements, and statistics in order to be taken seriously. Yet most of the important things in life cannot be precisely defined or measured. Can we define or measure love, beauty, friendship, or decency, for example?
Amit Kalantri|It's not my accent, but my brevity makes me stylish.
Mark Batterson, All In: You Are One Decision Away From a Totally Different Life|We live in a culture that celebrates talent more than integrity, but we've got it backward. Talent depreciates over time. So do intellect and appearance. You will eventually lose your strength and lose your looks. You may even lose your mind. But you don't have to lose your integrity. Integrity is the only thing that doesn't depreciate over time. Nothing takes longer to build than a godly reputation. And nothing is destroyed more quickly by one stroke of sin. That's why it must be celebrated and protected above all else.
Philip K. Dick|If you think this Universe is bad, you should see some of the others.
James Mikołajczyk, Jesus the Jew, Christ the King: Exploring the Hypostatic Union Between the Jesus of History and the Christ of Faith|There is spiritual edification in recognizing that God stays faithful in his covenants, that he forgives all sin despite whatever historical or sociopolitical circumstance.
Jeffrey Cranor|With the million or more words contained in the English language, one notorious word has been able to stand out and hold its title as the most physically demanding. Violence; a word commonly bestowed upon embellished acts of crude conflict, and physical contact. The word has never brought good feelings, or good thoughts, but rather emotions of unpleasant behavior due to the severity of its nature. Over the years, violence has evolved from a basic skirmish, to an array of things. Violence in modern day time is now being used to install fear, and to persuade innocent individuals into doing whatever the perpetrator desires, such as: personal gain, rape, and advancement of power. Every day another innocent person is being robbed, and demeaned by violent characters lurking the dark streets. Not only has violence been an ongoing epidemic, but it’s only getting worse as the years go on. We see horrendously violent acts being committed every day.
Elsie Chapman, Dualed|How often does a man ruin his disciples by remaining always with them! When men are once trained, it is essential that their leader leave them, for without his absence they cannot develop themselves. Plants always remain small under a big tree.
M.J. Rose, The Secret Language of Stones|They called it the Great War, but that implied worthiness and grandeur, not violence and helplessness and the utter waste and devastation our country, our city, our people endured.
Stephen King, The Gunslinger|The Man in Black fled across the desert, and the Gunslinger followed
Brandy Nacole, Broken Faith|When an answer finally comes to me, I know I've completely lost all my wits - or as my mama used to tell my father, I have a few screws loose.
P. J. Harvey|I love the rehearsal process in the theatre, and the visceral sense of contact and communication with a live audience.
Eileen Myles, Inferno|It loved to happen, " she repeated. "Isn't that it? What you were saying to Mum the other night? You know," she insisted when Willa must have looked blank. Louie lowered her voice. "About love and everything. You said it just happens, it isn't something you plan for or know about. It comes from outside and changes everything. It loved to happen. Like you and me.
Laurie Graham|I remember returning to Bangalore after a few months of travel and seeing it as a first-world city, like New York or San Francisco. This may be obvious to some people, but I grew up in Delhi, and I had no experience of how someone from a 'Tier 2' city may view a 'Tier 1' city. You really do emigrate between worlds when you come from those towns.
Seanan McGuire, Down Among the Sticks and Bones|I was planning on giving them the sun and stars as well. It's kind of a package deal; therefore, the moon is for lovers. The stars are for partners. The sun ... for best friends.
Kim Dong Hwa, The Color of Water|Why do you look like that, Duane?""Like what, Cletus?""Like your heart is diseased.
Sharon Salzberg, Faith: Trusting Your Own Deepest Experience|The Wanderer then leaves behind the spiritual seeker, with all the accumulated knowledge and lofty spiritual experience, and takes the first step on the Journey.
Scott F. Fitzgerald|Yet high over the city our line of yellow windows must have contributed their share of human secrecy to the casual watcher in the darkening streets, and I was him too, looking up and wondering.
Felicity Kendal|When I first came to Los Angeles, I was a teacher in Compton. I know how in need schools are around the country.
Epictetus, Of Human Freedom|Isn’t reading a kind of preparation for life?’ But life is composed of things other than books. It is as if an athlete, on entering the stadium, were to complain that he’s not outside exercising.This was the goal of your exercise, of your weights, your practice ring and your training partners.
Paul Walker|The health of the eye seems to demand a horizon. We are never tired, so long as we can see far enough.
Mark Frost, The Secret History of Twin Peaks|A secret's only a secret as long as you keep it. Once you tell someone it loses all its power -- for good or ill -- like that, it's just another piece of information. But a real mystery can't be solved, not completely. It's always just out of reach, like a light around the corner; you might catch a glimpse of what it reveals, feel its warmth, but you can't know the heart of it, not really. That's what gives it value: It can't be cracked, it's bigger than you and me, bigger than everything we know.
Lynn Austin, Pilgrimage: My Journey to a Deeper Faith in the Land Where Jesus Walked|Joy explodes throughout the book of Psalms like fireworks, and is the most potent anti-missile defense system there is.
Alison Arngrim, Confessions of a Prairie Bitch: How I Survived Nellie Oleson and Learned to Love Being Hated|Michael tousled my hair and said, "Remember, no more skateboards, right?" And then this gem: "If you ever break your arm skateboarding again..." He paused, flashing me a dimpled Charles Ingalls grin, which then suddenly disappeared. "I'll break the other one.
Noelle Crawford, Pinnacle of Glory|For if light had a sound, it was that laugh.
Edmund White, Our Young Man|She leaned against the stone wall of the narrow landing, a hand on her thundering heart. It was the smart thing to do, the right thing to do. She had survived this long, and would only survive the road ahead if she continued to be unnoticed, reliable, quiet. But she did't want to be unnoticed—not with him, not forever.He made her want to laugh and sing and shake the world with her voice.
Anne Wojcicki|If you saw Queen Elizabeth it would be amazing, she came from another planet. She was so attractive in what she was wearing.
Mike Carey|...But first appearances are often deceptive. Not everything monstrous looking is evil, and not everything fair is good...and in every fairytale, there is a grain of truth.
David Patterson|from time to time, i think of him watching mefrom over the top of his glasses, or eating candyfrom a jar. i remember thanking him each timethe session was done. but mostly what i seeis a human hand reaching down to lifta pebble from my tongue
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|I am not forgotten, you know, no, I still receive a very great deal of fan
Magith Noohukhan|I spent the past two years fearing the worst, that I chose safe arms to hold me when his arms weren’t the arms I longed to be in, nor were they really safe. I thought it’s what I deserved. I thought I couldn’t belong in the arms I wanted to really hold me.
Gerard Manley Hopkins|No wonder of it: sheer plod makes plough down sillionShine, and blue-bleak embers, ah my dear, Fall, gall themselves, and gash gold-vermilion.
Nilesh (Neil) jain|What, after all, was the point of civilization if not the well-being of citizens?
Meg Wolitzer, The Interestings|For while they'd stayed close during the absurd years of his sharp rise, having children had knocked it all into a different arrangement. The minute you had children you closed ranks. You didn't plan this in advance, but it happened. Families were like individual, discrete, moated island nations. The little group of citizens on the slab of rock gathered together instinctively, almost defensively, and everyone who was outside the walls--even if you'd once been best friends--was now just that, outsiders. Families had their ways. You took note of how other people raised their kids, even other people you loved, and it seemed all wrong. The culture and practices of one's own family were the only way, for better or worse. Who could say why a family decided to have a certain style, to tell the jokes it did, to put up its particular refrigerator magnets?
Andra Day|While entrepreneurs spend a lot of effort trying to avoid failure, sometimes the lessons one learns from those missteps can be invaluable.
Percy Bysshe Shelley, Rosalind and Helen - A Modern Eclogue with Other Poems|Ozymandias"I met a traveller from an antique landWho said: "Two vast and trunkless legs of stoneStand in the desert. Near them on the sand,Half sunk, a shattered visage lies, whose frownAnd wrinkled lip and sneer of cold commandTell that its sculptor well those passions readWhich yet survive, stamped on these lifeless things,The hand that mocked them and the heart that fed.And on the pedestal these words appear:'My name is Ozymandias, King of Kings:Look on my works, ye mighty, and despair!'Nothing beside remains. Round the decayOf that colossal wreck, boundless and bare,The lone and level sands stretch far away.
Edith Wharton, The House of Mirth|Allow the heart to empty itself of all turmoil! Retrieve the utter tranquility of the mind from which you issued.Although all forms are dynamic,and we all grow and transform,each of us is compelled to return to our root. Our root is quietude.
Debasish Mridha|My prayer for you is simple. May the power of love be with you. May kindness adorn your heart, and may simplicity find a peaceful place in your thoughts and actions.
Shane Claiborne|Literature is a beautiful way of keeping the imagination alive, of visiting worlds you would never have time to in your day-to-day life. It keeps you abreast of a wider spectrum of human activities.
David Shields|Sports passion is deeply, infamously territorial: our city-state is better than your city-state because our city-state's team beat your city-state's team. My attachment to the Sonics is approximately the reverse of this.
Cat Stevens|Famous people complain about fame, but they never want to give it back, myself included.
CR Risk Advisory|You can approach the act of writing with nervousness, excitement, hopefulness, or even despair - the sense that you can never completely put on the page what's in your mind and heart. You can come to the act with your fists clenched and your eyes narrowed, ready to kick ass and take down names. You can come to it because you want a girl to marry you or because you want to change the world. Come to it any way but lightly. Let me say it again: you must not come lightly to the blank page.
Julie Kagawa, Soldier|We would not live ever after, but hunt together forevermore.
Jackson Pearce, Fathomless|It is beautiful, it is endless, it is full and yet seems empty. It hurts us.
Ray Bradbury|Throughout his life, Bradbury liked to recount the story of meeting a carnival magician, Mr. Electrico, in 1932. At the end of his performance Electrico reached out to the twelve-year-old Bradbury, touched the boy with his sword, and commanded, Live forever! Bradbury later said, I decided that was the greatest idea I had ever heard. I started writing every day. I never stopped.
Jiddu Krishnamurti|More than half of people who leave their jobs do so because of their relationship with their boss. Smart companies make certain their managers know how to balance being professional with being human. These are the bosses who celebrate an employee's success, empathize with those going through hard times, and challenge people, even when it hurts.
A.E. Samaan|The foundation of wisdom is knowing how to tell when you are totally clueless, lost, and in need of assistance.
Manoj Arora|A healthy company culture is a set of norms and behaviors that support high performance and supports the team as they move towards ultimate success. Visit these norms regularly. Everybody visits them regularly, from the CEO to the Truck Drivers.
Anonymous|Find three hobbies you love: one to make you money, one to keep you in shape, and one to be creative.
Debasish Mridha|When I am lost in the wonder of nature, my life is vivacious.
Rush Limbaugh|At least in America, you have freedom of speech, which is a good thing. It's just a question of whether you're allowed to use it on 'Fox News'.
Neal Shusterman, Red Rider's Hood|GUIL (quietly): Where we went wrong was getting on a boat. We can move, of course, change direction, rattle about, but our movement is contained within a larger one that carries us along as inexorably as the wind and current…
Jere Longman, The Girls of Summer: The U.S. Women's Soccer Team and How It Changed the World|All my intention, is to treat everyone right.
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|On a strange and devious way, Siddhartha had gotten into this final and most base of all dependencies, by means of the game of dice. It was since that time, when he had stopped being a Samana in his heart, that Siddhartha began to play the game for money and precious things, which he at other times only joined with a smile and casually as a custom of the childlike people, with an increasing rage and passion. He was a feared gambler, few dared to take him on, so high and audacious were his stakes. He played the game due to a pain of his heart, losing and wasting his wretched money in the game brought him an angry joy, in no other way he could demonstrate his disdain for wealth, the merchants' false god, more clearly and more mockingly.
Shannon L. Alder|Although it pains me to admit it, I am quite familiar with the holes in life. And this familiarity is due to the fact that I spend far more time in these holes than I spend on the paths that brought me to them.
Thomas E. Joiner, Myths About Suicide|There are people who fantasize about suicide, and paradoxically, these fantasies can be soothing because they usually involve either fantasizing about others' reactions to one's suicide or imagining how death would be a relief from life's travails. In both cases, an aspect of the fantasy is to exert control, either over others' views or toward life's difficulties. The writer A. Alvarez stated, " There people ... for whom the mere idea of suicide is enough; they can continue to function efficiently and even happily provided they know they have their own, specially chosen means of escape always ready..." In her riveting 2008 memoir of bipolar disorder, Manic, Terri Cheney opened the book by stating, "People... don't understand that when you're seriously depressed, suicidal ideation can be the only thing that keeps you alive. Just knowing there's an out--even if it's bloody, even if it's permanent--makes the pain bearable for one more day."This strategy appears to be effective for some people, but only for a while. Over longer periods, fantasizing about death leaves people more depressed and thus at higher risk for suicide, as Eddie Selby, Mike Amestis, and I recently showed in a study on violent daydreaming. A strategy geared toward increased feelings of self-control (fantasizing about the effects of one's suicide) "works" momentarily, but ultimately backfires by undermining feelings of genuine self-control in the long run.
Rishi Bakshi|Good luck in a way is bad luck not occurring, but the world wants stories of how bad luck happened, and how good luck played a savior.
James   Cox, Suck The Savage Beast|She was turned on by him— his scent, his smile; he was the manifestation of seduction. Under normal circumstances, she'd be tempted, but might have had enough willpower to resist him. These weren't normal circumstances, however. Tonight, she was certain she wanted him in her bedroom.
John Scalzi, The Sagan Diary|Fear is a scavenger who feeds on the future; on what may be and what is possible, extending down the line of our lives.
Amy Harmon, Infinity + One|Sam hadn't left New York with Claire, he'd just arrived at the hotel that morning, checked in, put a few things away in his room and went downstairs to the extensive gift shop and saw the beautiful bouquet of island flowers and knew Claire would love them. The orchid in the middle of the arrangement was purple, which he knew was her favorite color.
Wayne Rooney|Dates with actors, finally, just seemed to me evenings of shop talk. I got sick of it after a hile. So the more famous I became, the more I narrowed down my choices.
Martin Pond, Dark Steps|Champagne arrived in flûtes on trays, and we emptied them with gladness in our hearts… for when feasts are laid and classical music is played, where champagne is drunk once the sun has sunk and the season of summer is alive in spicy bloom, and beautiful women fill the room, and are generous with laughter and smiles… these things fill men’s hearts with joy and remind one that life’s bounty is not always fleeting but can be captured, and enjoyed. It is in writing about this scene that I relive this night in my soul.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|The roads of life are paved wide and skirt the mountains. And these very roads are choked with a steady stream of pathetically pedantic travelers who in reality have no intent of traveling. And if we are to discover the real travelers, much less join them, we will find them out on precarious paths that defy the roads and scale the mountains.
Sunday Adelaja|When we find successful people in our field, learn from their experience and understand some important things more specifically
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|Dig Deep! When the task at hand seems to be very difficult. Dig Deep! Whenever you feel you're drifting away from your intended course. Dig Deep! When others doubt you and say it can't be done. Dig Deep! Whenever you feel like giving up. Dig Deep! When life throws you a curve ball. If you quit, you'll never hit that homerun
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|They call it "business" because it does not become successful by a person's "idleness". Go get busy if you want to do business; but be busy for the right reasons!
Sabrina Sol, Delicious Temptation|For the record, you would've been my first one night stand.
Kenya Wright, Escape|I shoved his arm with all my strength, but it wouldn’t budge. His waist rippled with sculpted muscles. His chest and shoulders bulged and spoke of great strength. It was one thing to assume he had a big frame, another to have it confirmed with the moon's light.
Epicurus|Every day, I get closer to God. Every day, my will to do the right thing gets stronger.
William Shakespeare, Shakespeare's Sonnets|If thou dost seek to have what thou dost hide,By self-example mayst thou be denied.
Jonathan Bate|I guess I ought to be aware of what to look for, is all. The signs of true love, I mean. Is it like Shakespeare?" I sat up and took Tootsie's hands. "You know, is it all heaving bosoms and fluttering hearts and mistaken identities and madness?"The sound of the phone ringing downstairs made my heart leap."Yes," Tootsie said with wide eyes, holding tightly to my hand as I jumped up. "Yes, it is exactly like that.
Aberjhani, Elemental: The Power of Illuminated Love|The Universe said, ‘Let me show your soul something beautiful.
Anthony Everitt, The Rise of Rome: The Making of the World's Greatest Empire|Christ-as always, the model-never sat back, crossed his arms, and dismissed the annoying, the troublesome, or the unpromising. He never name-called, never judged, never treated a single person with contempt. Christ talked to everybody, he mingled with everybody, he shared his message with everybody, and he also loved everybody. So don't count the cost with anybody either. We don't waste our time with people who don't want what we have to offer. But if they do, one form of martyrdom is to give a listening ear or an understanding smile to all comers.
Jose A. Aviles, Peer Mentorship in High School: A Comprehensive Guide to Implementing a Successful Peer Mentorship Program in Your School|It doesn't take an army to change the world, or an average-sized militia group, either. All it takes is one individual to say the word "No". Be it a man refusing to register for the draft, or be it a gun owner refusing to register his weapons in Connecticut, it is the same: defiance in the face of arbitrary authority.
Harry Kane|My dad takes care of me as a manager and as a dad. That's his job, you know, to take care of me. He has my best interests at heart.
Breanna Hayse, Time Out|Now I really feel sorry for her. Your hand is as bad as Rob’s paddle,” Cassie shuddered.“Thank you.”“I didn’t mean it as a compliment!
Vladislav Tamarov, Afghanistan: A Russian Soldier's Story|Once, back home, I decided to count how many days out of my twenty months in Afghanistan I’d been on combat missions. 217 days. And I’m still paying the price for every one of those days.
Pet Torres, Pact of Witches|I'm still looking for books about them, as well as I am used to feed food every day.
Mary  Stewart, My Brother Michael|She raised herself up on an elbow, stroked my forehead & said in a hushed half-whisper, 'You will be famous.' "The seed was planted. Ambition fed on the compost of my vanity.
Virgil, The Aeneid|Una Salus Victis Nullam Sperare Salutem - (Latin - written 19 BC)The only hope for the doomed, is no hope at all...
Neil deGrasse Tyson|Space in general gave us GPS - that's not specifically NASA, but it's investments in space.
Thomas Trask, Prism: Shadow of the Fates|You know what, Michael? I think this is the beginning of a beautiful relationship of loathing.
Rich Mullins|We were given the Scriptures to humble us into realizing that God is right, and the rest of us are just guessing.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|There iz no alternativ. Every possible reezon that could ever be offered for altering the spelling of wurds, stil exists in full force; and if a gradual reform should not be made in our language, it wil proov that we are less under the influence of reezon than our ance
George Reisman|We must always remember with gratitude and admiration the first sailors who steered their vessels through storms and mists, and increased our knowledge of the lands of ice in the South.
Melanie Tem, The Man on the Ceiling|Stories are masks of God.That's a story, too, of course. I made it up, in collaborations with Joseph Campbell and Scheherazade, Jesus and the Buddha and the Brother's Grimm.Stories show us how to bear the unbearable, approach the unapproachable, conceive the inconceiveable. Stories provide meaning, texture, layers and layers of truth.Stories can also trivialize. Offered indelicately, taken too literally, stories become reductionist tools, rendering things neat and therefore false. Even as we must revere and cherish the masks we variously create, Campbell reminds us, we must not mistake the masks of God for God.So it seemes to me that one of the most vital things we can teach our children is how to be storytellers. How to tell stories that are rigorously, insistently, beautifully true. And how to believe them.
M.F. Moonzajer|I belong to a stupid nation that kill and murder their own people for language and religion, then they call it foreigners interference.
Stan Shaw|The playwright Edward Albee has characterized [the suddenness of the appearance of fruits and flowers in evolutionary history] as 'that heartbreaking second when it all got together: the sugars and the acids and the ultraviolets, and the next thing you knew there were tangerines and string quartets.
Jamie Scallion, Losing It|I want you to kick Egg, Tea and Clipper out of the band!” - Daisy
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We have seen moral and religious leaders,men who claim to be followers of Jesus,fall into disgrace in the eyes of God and man, and worst of all we have seen the Gospel of Jesus Christ and twisted and distorted it by false teachers to accommodate the destructive morals and secular behavior of these times.
Brittainy C. Cherry, The Gravity of Us|To love,and all the heartache that weighs it down.To love,and all the heartbeats that lift it up.
Dee Brown, Bury My Heart at Wounded Knee: An Indian History of the American West|When viewed at the next quantum level of perspective, from which the Earth is seen as an organism and humans are seen as microorganisms, the human species looks like a menace to the planet. In fact, the human race is looking a lot like a disease -- comprised of organisms excessively multiplying, mindlessly consuming, and generating waste with little regard for the health and well-being of its host -- planet Earth.
Brennan Manning, The Ragamuffin Gospel: Good News for the Bedraggled, Beat-Up, and Burnt Out|Sheer scholarship alone cannot reveal to us the gospel of grace. We must never allow the authority of books, institutions, or leaders to replace the authority of KNOWING Jesus Christ personally and directly. When the religious views of others interpose between us and the primary experience of Jesus as the Christ, we become unconvicted and unpersuasive travel agents handing out brochures to places we have never visited.
John M Sheehan|Pain, of whatever kind, is real, vulnerable, and delicate; so walk in love today and be a healer with a smile
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|The thought of her gave me such a continual anguish that I could no more forget her than an aching tooth. It was involuntary, hopeless, compulsive. For years she had been the first thing I remembered when I woke up, the last thing that drifted through my mind as I went to sleep, and during the day she came to me obtrusively, obsessively, always with a painful shock.
Celeste Ng, Little Fires Everywhere|Excuse my dress. I was half an hour late this morning. When you lose half an hour in this house, you never can pick it up again, try how you may. -Reverend Finch's wife
Charlaine Harris, Living Dead in Dallas|So you want me to go to a human orgy, where I will not be welcome, and you want us to leave before I get to enjoy myself? ~Eric Northman
Wilkie Collins, The Woman in White|Miss Fairlie laughed with a ready good-humour, which broke out as brightly as if it had been part of the sunshine above us…
Angelica Hopes|I told you when we mated that I would gladly give you my heart, my life, and my love, but that when I did so they came with one condition. Never abuse me. Love is not abuse."--Maxis
Mary Oliver|Death and birth are solitary experiences. We are born alone and we die alone. When we are expelled from the maternal womb, we begin the painful struggle that finally ends in death.
Elizabeth I|I know I have but the body of a weak and feeble woman, but I have the heart and stomach of a king, and of a king of England too.
Gary M. Douglas, Salon Des Femmes: Conversations about women, men, sex, love, relationships, and becoming a pragmatist of femininity|Living is the act of continuous create moment by moment, day by day.
Frank Wanderer|In most people, the term “consciousness” identifies with that socially conditioned Ego. At a number of people this identification is so powerful that they are unaware that their life is governed by a socially conditioned mind.
Alain-Fournier, Poems|Maybe, I thought, Knight would talk about the marrow. He sat quietly, whether thinking or fuming or both, it was hard to tell. But he eventually arrived at a reply. It felt like some great mystic was about to revel the meaning of life."Get enough sleep," he said.He set his jaw in a way that conveyed he wouldn't be saying any more. This was what he had learned. I accepted it as truth.
Libba Bray, Going Bovine|It was growing late, and though one might stand on the brink of a deep chasm of disaster, one was still obliged to dress for dinner.
Richard Wagamese, Indian Horse|We need mystery. Creator in her wisdom knew this. Mystery fills us with awe and wonder. They are the foundations of humility, and humility is the foundation of all learning. So we do not seek to unravel this. We honour it by letting it be that way forever.”The quote of a grandmother explaining The Great Mystery of the universe to her grandson.
Farquhar McHarg, Pistoleros!: The Chronicles of Farquhar McHarg: Volume 1: 1918|Unfortunately, we cannot live our lives according to the moral and religious convictions or petrified dogmas of our forebears. We have an obligation to live by our own faith, forever renewing the traditions of the past and adapting them to the demands of own time and place.
Charise Mericle Harper, Just Grace|there was a time when this home was her domain. Sometimes she felt proud of it, sometimes she felt tied to it, but whether it was a burden or a blessing, it was hers to keep. She’d known better than anyone what this house needed; lately it’d become one of the few aspects of her life she could control. there is no corner, no ridge along the steps or crack along the wall, that she doesn’t know like her own body. the house may never have been the sanctuary she’d always dreamed of, but at least it carried no surprises. It was comfortable.
David Lynch|Hackers are breaking the systems for profit. Before, it was about intellectual curiosity and pursuit of knowledge and thrill, and now hacking is big business.
Carl Rogers, Significant Aspects of Client-Centered Therapy|Although the client-centered approach had its origin purely within the limits of the psychological clinic, it is proving to have implications, often of a startling nature, for very diverse fields of effort.
Irene S. Levine|Friendships unfold gradually as women share intimacies with one another- this takes time. You need to be willing to let your friends know the real you, but you don't want to spill your guts out the first time you're out to lunch.
Jack White|Music is part of us, and either ennobles or degrades our behavior.
Donald Miller, Blue Like Jazz: Nonreligious Thoughts on Christian Spirituality|I never liked jazz music because jazz music doesn't resolve. But I was outside the Bagdad Theater in Portland one night when I saw a man playing the saxophone. I stood there for fifteen minutes, and he never opened his eyes.After that I liked jazz music.Sometimes you have to watch somebody love something before you can love it yourself. It is as if they are showing you the way.I used to not like God because God didn't resolve. But that was before any of this happened.
Sunday Adelaja|Men are not great by the virtue of their wealth, but by the wealth of their virtue.
Ezra Koenig|What you learn from working with other performers and musicians is invaluable, really, and can only help you grow. I mean, if you spend your whole life focusing on yourself, you're not really learning much.
Richard L.  Ratliff|Your words on the screen are my color palette I dip my brush into your words and paint youOn the sky, on the ceiling, on the snow; on the tabletOf things eternal : love truth beauty happiness
S.E. Jakes, Daylight Again|You couldn't find your dick in the dark, you scheming, sleaze-mongering scumwad.
Viktor E. Frankl|Natural ability is important, but you can go far without it if you have the focus, drive, desire and positive attitude.
Richard Due, The Moon Coin|But—" yelped Twizbang, “Greydor will eat us!
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|When we hesitate to change on time, we predispose ourselves to miss the boat that would take us to our envious future...
Jon Morrison, Clear Minds & Dirty Feet: A Reason to Hope, a Message to Share|Though his public teaching lasted only three years, it has been scrutinized by scholars in every science—among them theology, philosophy, psychology, and sociology to name a few. Jesus’ influence has founded universities like Oxford, Cambridge, Yale, Princeton, and Harvard. Now spanning the entire globe, Jesus’ followers have been inspired throughout the centuries to set up educational institutions to teach what he taught.
Auliq Ice|Whenever you see a new day and your simply doing right, you're saving it in the list of your best days indirectly.
Criss Jami, Healology|No man voluntarily expresses his opinion without some intent to make a difference, and even if he does, he shouldn't.
Joseph Conrad, Heart of Darkness|They were conquerors, and for that you want only brute force--nothing to boast of, when you have it, since your strength is just an accident arising from the weakness of others.
Sunday Adelaja|Let me fly in your own sky, soaring and grasping your tranquil thoughts, touching your dreams with my sincere prayers.
Neil deGrasse Tyson, Space Chronicles: Facing the Ultimate Frontier|The world unwraps itself to you, again and again as soon as you are ready to see it anew.
Elizabeth Winder, Pain, Parties, Work: Sylvia Plath in New York, Summer 1953|Can Flo come? She has so many clothes I really want her to get rid of.' I laugh. Flo's clothes are so funny. She buys one top and wears it every time we go out for six months, then buys another one and does the same. And the kinds of things she buys for school are boring. She gets things that look as close to school uniform as possible because she finds having to wear our own clothes every day so hard.
Anthony Browne|We carry around computers in our pockets. Many people barely use them as phones. We use them as computers. If you think about the future, when you're traveling around, it's great to have a lightweight, small form factor.
B.J. Novak, One More Thing: Stories and Other Stories|I attacked him, he healed me, then he took me hunting, I threatened him, and he took me home. Wow. That was like a date.
Marguerite Kaye, The Soldier's Rebel Lover|You don’t have to prove something to feel it, to know it exists.
Christina Aguilera|I have spoken honestly about being born into a home where there was discord and chaos. I saw my mom have a rough time with my dad being very controlling, which is why I push back whenever I feel like someone is trying to box me in. It makes me run for the hills.
Tyler, The Creator|The ultimate storyteller is Shakespeare, who was able to get the 'groundlings' to laugh at his bawdy humor and storylines but could still be studied by scholars to this day for the complexity of his language, meter, and symbolism. That's the real guy.
Lois Lowry, The Giver|So I still like to see you, my friend. I still like to sit in La Côte Basque and sip wine and eat fine food and indulge in our memories—the good ones, the ones we want to remember. So let’s do that. That’s the story we can tell ourselves, at night when we can’t sleep. We can tell ourselves that there is one other person in the world who sees it in the same way, who remembers. Who remembers her. Babe. And Gloria. And even Truman, I guess, as he was, back then. Our fun, gossipy friend. Our entrée into a different world, for a time. An amusing, brief little time. A time before it was fashionable to tell the truth, and the world grew sordid from too much honesty.
Shannon L. Alder|The temptation of Christ was harder, unspeakably harder, than the temptation of Adam; for Adam carried nothing in himself which could have given the tempter a claim and power over him. But Christ bore in himself the whole burden of the flesh, under the curse, under condemnation; and yet his temptation was henceforth to bring help and salvation to all flesh.
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|the wounded child inside many males is a boy who, when he first spoke his truths, was silenced by paternal sadism, by a patriarchal world that did not want him to claim his true feelings. The wounded child inside many females is a girl who was taught from early childhood that she must become something other than herself, deny her true feelings, in order to attract and please others. When men and women punish each other for truth telling, we reinforce the notion that lies are better. To be loving we willingly hear the other’s truth, and most important, we affirm the value of truth telling. Lies may make people feel better, but they do not help them to know love.
Raquel Cepeda, Bird of Paradise: How I Became Latina|Then I could not help wondering what the watching gods thought of us, with our clever masks and our jokes. What we think of crickets, perhaps, whose singing we hear with pleasure, though some of us smash them with our heels when they venture into sight.
Gabriela Isler|When I am working on a problem, I never think about beauty but when I have finished, if the solution is not beautiful, I know it is wrong.
Kresley Cole, Dreams of a Dark Warrior|You do not mind my humor?”“Not at all. I’ve not laughed like this …” His brows drew together. “I think I’ve never laughed like this.”“Usually I exasperate people. And I jest at inappropriate times. Such as during executions. Freya says ’tis my gift and my bane to frustrate others.”“I like your manner, Reginleit. Life is long without humor.
- Morris R. Gates|Oh, the need to lay my tongue in the rivers of wine,To taste of her lustHow a star feels as it bursts infinitely into diamondsThe earth cries, but it is only the heavens that weep for herThe sun needs to rise once moreCast its loving arms across the mountains and her valleysAnd pull her from the shadowsTo bathe her in the warmth the heart only knows as love
Jack Nicholson|Great risks come in long term, tremendously assiduous, very courageous study.
Carre Otis|Once you lose the weight, you're really anxious to eat healthy.
Mensah Oteh|Questions control how you think, and thinking is the root contributor to the results and outcomes of your life
Kathleen Dean Moore, If Your House Is On Fire|We have, as a nation, made choices that by all reasonable expectations should have put us in harm's way. There is little doubt that we continue to make choices that are likely to make the danger even greater. And yet, by dint of an accident of geography and economics, we have so far been spared the worst consequences of our actions. And even as those consequences begin to take hold in other places, here, in the parts of America where most of us live, at least for the moment, we can hear the winds roaring over our heads like that coal train, but somehow the worst of the danger still seems removed. What is our responsibility? (164)
Siobhan Fallon Hogan|It is a blessing to have pretty people around me. I like people who are sparky, positive. Evil, dark people are repelled by me: 'Oooh no! Too much sunlight.'
Hubert H. Humphrey|Unknown in Paris, I was lost in the great city, but the feeling of living there alone, taking care of myself without any aid, did not at all depress me. If sometimes I felt lonesome, my usual state of mind was one of calm and great moral satisfaction.
Eve Langlais, Lucifer's Daughter|Sorry, I got hung up or I’d have been here earlier. I made sure I made it for closing, though. I didn’t want the streets to suffer if you walked alone.”A glance at him showed his lips twitching. Humor, a new facet to my knight in leather armor; one I liked, given my oftentimes sarcastic attitude towards life. He wore the same leather duster of the previous evening, and, once again, I enviously admired it. Unable to resist, I reached out a hand and stroked its supple surface, feeling a thrill that my hand strayed so close to his actual body. “It’s so soft,” I murmured.“Not for long, if you keep stroking it,” he drawled.
Chuck Berry|The seven deadly sins: Want of money, bad health, bad temper, chastity, family ties, knowing that you know things, and believing in the Christian religion.
Ovid|All other creatures look down toward the earth, but man was given a face so that might turn his eyes toward the stars and his gaze upon the sky.
Auliq Ice|Books keep and reciprocate our secrets, dreams, regrets, and hopes better than any friend in the world.
Terry Pratchett, Night Watch|Do you really suppose God cares whether a man comes to good or ill?""If He did not, He could not be good himself...""...Then He can't be so hard on us as the parsons say, even in the after-life?""He will give absolute justice, which is the only good thing. He will spare nothing to bring His children back to himself, their sole well-being, whether He achieve it here--or there.
John Locke, Two Treatises of Government|Here's something I still can't get over. Amazes and thrills me every time. I'm sitting here and want a certain book. So I search, click, and then I have the book. Every time, my heart does a little leap of joy. What a beautiful world the market is making.
Robin Sacredfire|Very few are brave enough to look at the portals to higher dimensions of conscience that open before their eyes, either they’re confronting them from one perspective or another. These portals represent amazing opportunities for the ones with the courage to see them and cross them. But only a very powerful person possesses the power to open one for others. And if you think that person is what it seems, you will neglect the magician hiding behind the illusion.
Rabindranath Tagore|It was the Kojagar full moon, and I was slowly pacing the riverside conversing with myself. It could hardly be called a conversation, as I was doing all the talking and my imaginary companion all the listening. The poor fellow had no chance of speaking up for himself, for was not mine the power to compel him helplessly to answer like a fool?But what a night it was! How often have I tried to write of such, but never got it done! There was not a line of ripple on the river; and from away over there, where the farthest shore of the distant main stream is seen beyond the other edge of the midway belt of sand, right up to this shore, glimmers a broad band of moonlight. Not a human being, not a boat in sight; not a tree, nor blade of grass on the fresh-formed island sand-bank.It seemed as though a desolate moon was rising upon a devastated earth; a random river wandering through a lifeless solitude; a long-drawn fairy-tale coming to a close over a deserted world,—all the kings and the princesses, their ministers and friends and their golden castles vanished, leaving the Seven Seas and Thirteen Rivers and the Unending Moor, over which the adventurous princes fared forth, wanly gleaming in the pale moonlight. I was pacing up and down like the last pulse-beats of this dying world. Every one else seemed to be on the opposite shore—the shore of life—where the British Government and the Nineteenth Century hold sway, and tea and cigarettes.
Neil Strauss, The Truth: An Uncomfortable Book About Relationships|…each woman is a wonderful world unto herself. And monogamy? It’s like choosing to live in a single town and never traveling to experience the beauty, history, and enchantment of all the other unique, wonderful places in the world. Why does love have to limit us?	Perhaps it doesn’t. Only fear is restrictive. Love is expansive. And I wonder, since fear of enmeshment impels us to avoid commitment and fear of abandonment makes us possessive, what type of evolved relationship can emerge once those wounds are healed?
J.D. Robb, Vengeance in Death|He stops and turns to me. “Do you think people would stare if I threw you over my shoulder? Because I really want to do that. Then I can ogle your ass and just run.” The look in his eye is a little manic. For a second, I think he’s going to do it. Then he spies the heavily armed security officer a few feet away. “Excuse me, sir?” he says, and the guard looks at him. “Would it be acceptable to carry my girlfriend like a sack of potatoes in order to get out of here quicker and make sweet love to her?” The guard’s mouth moves, but he resists smiling. “No, sir, that would not be acceptable.” “Piggyback?” “Nope.” “Put her on a trolley?” “No.” “You’re no fun.” “So my wife keeps telling me.
Kerry Lonsdale, Everything We Keep|I’ll make you a deal. I’ll toast to us becoming great friends if you promise to tell me when you want something more with me."My eyes rounded, then I tossed back my head, laughing at his deliberate word choice. When, not if."You're something else," I teased.He shook his head. "Nah, just optimistic.""All right." I lifted my glass. "You've got yourself a deal.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Books allow you to open doors, and chapters allow you to explore
Mark Helprin, Winter's Tale|There is no such thing as justice, all the best that we can hope for is revenge.
William Golding, Lord of the Flies|Jack looked around for understanding, but found only respect.
Theodore Roosevelt|New Rule: America must stop bragging it's the greatest country on earth, and start acting like it. I know this is uncomfortable for the "faith over facts" crowd, but the greatness of a country can, to a large degree, be measured. Here are some numbers. Infant mortality rate: America ranks forty-eighth in the world. Overall health: seventy-second. Freedom of the press: forty-fourth. Literacy: fifty-fifth. Do you realize there are twelve-year old kids in this country who can't spell the name of the teacher they're having sex with?America has done many great things. Making the New World democratic. The Marshall Plan. Curing polio. Beating Hitler. The deep-fried Twinkie. But what have we done for us lately? We're not the freest country. That would be Holland, where you can smoke hash in church and Janet Jackson's nipple is on their flag.And sadly, we're no longer a country that can get things done. Not big things. Like building a tunnel under Boston, or running a war with competence. We had six years to fix the voting machines; couldn't get that done. The FBI is just now getting e-mail.Prop 87 out here in California is about lessening our dependence on oil by using alternative fuels, and Bill Clinton comes on at the end of the ad and says, "If Brazil can do it, America can, too!" Since when did America have to buck itself up by saying we could catch up to Brazil? We invented the airplane and the lightbulb, they invented the bikini wax, and now they're ahead?In most of the industrialized world, nearly everyone has health care and hardly anyone doubts evolution--and yes, having to live amid so many superstitious dimwits is also something that affects quality of life. It's why America isn't gonna be the country that gets the inevitable patents in stem cell cures, because Jesus thinks it's too close to cloning.Oh, and did I mention we owe China a trillion dollars? We owe everybody money. America is a debtor nation to Mexico. We're not a bridge to the twenty-first century, we're on a bus to Atlantic City with a roll of quarters. And this is why it bugs me that so many people talk like it's 1955 and we're still number one in everything.We're not, and I take no glee in saying that, because I love my country, and I wish we were, but when you're number fifty-five in this category, and ninety-two in that one, you look a little silly waving the big foam "number one" finger. As long as we believe being "the greatest country in the world" is a birthright, we'll keep coasting on the achievements of earlier generations, and we'll keep losing the moral high ground.Because we may not be the biggest, or the healthiest, or the best educated, but we always did have one thing no other place did: We knew soccer was bullshit. And also we had the Bill of Rights. A great nation doesn't torture people or make them disappear without a trial. Bush keeps saying the terrorist "hate us for our freedom,"" and he's working damn hard to see that pretty soon that won't be a problem.
Sean O'Casey|What one has not experienced, one will never understand in print.
John Perkins, The Secret History of the American Empire: Economic Hit Men, Jackals & the Truth about Global Corruption|The world is not sliding, but galloping into a new transnational dystopia. This development has not been properly recognized outside of national security circles. It has been hidden by secrecy, complexity and scale. The internet, our greatest tool of emancipation, has been transformed into the most dangerous facilitator of totalitarianism we have ever seen. The internet is a threat to human civilization.These transformations have come about silently, because those who know what is going on work in the global surveillance industry and have no incentives to speak out. Left to its own trajectory, within a few years, global civilization will be a postmodern surveillance dystopia, from which escape for all but the most skilled individuals will be impossible. In fact, we may already be there.While many writers have considered what the internet means for global civilization, they are wrong. They are wrong because they do not have the sense of perspective that direct experience brings. They are wrong because they have never met the enemy.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Nothing, she now knew, could be defined in exclusion, and every bug, pencil, and grass blade was a dictionary in itself, requiring the definitions of all things to fulfill its own.
Gena Showalter, Alice in Zombieland|He was gorgeous, and I absolutely, no question, had to be drooling. After a quick and hopefully stealthy check – big show, I wasn’t!- I found myself wonder what color his eyes were. Brown maybe. Or even hazel. Either way…wow, just wow. Deer? Headlights? Hi, I’m Ali.
Mari Mancusi, Stake That|It’s what happens when you shoot someone,” Wayne pointed out. “At least, usually someone has the good sense to get dead when you go to all the trouble to shoot them.
Irvine Welsh, Porno|The legalization of marijuana is not a dangerous experiment – the prohibition is the experiment, and it has failed dramatically, with millions of victims all around the world.
Praying Medic|Sin is really an extreme form of amnesia. It is forgetting who you were when you were created as a spirit which came forth from the heart of God—a spirit made in His perfect, sinless image.
Alison Arngrim, Confessions of a Prairie Bitch: How I Survived Nellie Oleson and Learned to Love Being Hated|It's like I tell people at my stand-up shows: by making me a bitch, you have given me my freedom, the freedom to say and do things I couldn't do if I was "a nice girl" with some sort of stupid, goody-two-shoes image to keep up. Things that require courage. Things that require balls. Things that need to be done. By making me a bitch, you have freed me from the trite, sexist, bourgeois prison of "likeability." Any idiot can be liked. It takes talent to scare the crap out of people.
Eleanor Roosevelt|I know not why there is such a melancholy feeling attached to the remembrance of past happiness, except that we fear that the future can have nothing so bright as the past.
Samer Chidiac|When you dive into your past, remember to go back up quickly.
Nalini Singh, Archangel's Enigma|I don’t really think of myself as gay, though,” he began, and Kit rolled his eyes. “Don’t be so naïve, Willem,” he said. “Once you’ve touched a dick, you’re gay.
Carl Rogers|Thoughts thoughts. Are they not mine?I think, I write, I type.Thoughts. Are they wise?Let truth be told in words, compiled together, create a page, a book. Thoughts. Are they master piece?Is it a prize winner?...An Alfred Nobel?Thoughts. Are they not mine? Gift of God?they are not mine.
Joe Rogan|Stand straight, walk proud, have a little faith.
Brandon Stanton, Humans of New York|I believe the best service to the child is the service closest to the child, and children who are victims of neglect, abuse, or abandonment must not also be victims of bureaucracy. They deserve our devoted attention, not our divided attention.
Donavan Nelson Butler, Master Sergeant US Army|Beware of simple solutions, they often lead to complex problems.
Martha N. Beck|...Refusing to feel desire is the only thing more painful than failing to get what you want, and that learning not to yearn, far from preventing disappointment, ultimately guarantees it.
Roy  Bennett|If you always do what is easy and choose the path of least resistance, you never step outside your comfort zone. Great things don’t come from comfort zones.
Richard Phillips|One big, glaring difference I can think of between Iraq and Vietnam is the news coverage. During the Vietnam War era, you had TV coverage of the war saturating the airwaves every night, and that coverage wasn't put through a military filter at all.
Tina Hallis, Sharpen Your Positive Edge: Shifting Your Thoughts for More Positivity and Success|In every set of circumstances, we get to create our own experience.
Richie Norton|If you're in business, all the content in the world will do you no good unless it leads to a sale.
Hanif Kureishi, The Last Word|In response to a tactless question he once said to me, ‘What do you expect? This lousy neighbourhood gave me the come-on. I couldn’t resist.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Changing your attitude, your outlook, your mindset, perspective, disposition, or mood—they all mean controlling where you allow your thoughts to linger.
Louisa May Alcott|A Bachelor of Arts is one who makes love to a lot of women, and yet has the art to remain a bachelor.
Jacqueline Kelly, The Evolution of Calpurnia Tate|As the Greeks saw it, to be a man was to be defined by your ability to exert power in a world articulated through transcendent forces ultimately beyond human control. The apparent futility of this perspective was outweighed by the nobility that came with the struggle.
Rutt Hinrikus, Carrying Linda's Stones: An Anthology of Estonian Women's Life Stories|The world became informed about the extent of the catastrophe and the losses by the big powers eclipsed the numbers of Estonias who perished. When counting Hitler's victims there was no interest in Stalin's victims. Stalin belonged among the victors. Since victors are not judged, a half century later it is still ignored that the number of Stalin's victims exceeds Hitler's (Applebaum 2003). In addition, only rarely does one hear references to the fact that Soviet union0s criminal acts have not been expiated.
G.K. Chesterton|You’re playing the creepy vibe a little hard,” I said. “Might as well go for broke, put on a black top hat and pipe in some organ music.
Julian Bond|Consular cards were not designed to be identification and no treaty recognizes them as such. Legal travelers, visitors and long-term residents carried passports, visas or green cards for that purpose.
Carol S. Dweck|If parents want to give their children a gift, the best thing they can do is to teach their children to love challenges, be intrigued by mistakes, enjoy effort, and keep on learning. That way, their children don’t have to be slaves of praise. They will have a lifelong way to build and repair their own confidence.
Jennifer Crusie, Bet Me|Elvis!" Min shoved herself off the couch to shoo him away. "Stay away from there. There's broken glass.""He did that on purpose," David said, outraged."Yes, David, the cat is plotting against you." Min fished the base out of the water and glass shards and put it on the table. Then she went to get her wastebasket and began to put the glass pieces in it.
Robin Wright|I believe marriage is a human right, not a state right.
Richard Preston|The coast redwood is the tallest species of tree on earth. The tallest redwoods today are between 350 and close to 380 feet in height--thirty-five to thirty-eight stories tall. The crown of a tree is its radiant array of limbs and branches, covered with leaves. The crowns of the tallest redwoods can sometimes look like the plume of exhaust from a rocket taking off.
Herb Gardner, I'm Not Rappaport|Nat: Maybe you broke something.Midge: I know. Never fall down, never fall down!Nat: Ah, it's nothing. I fall down every morning. I get up, I have a cup of coffee, I fall down. That's the system. Two years old, you stand up and then BOOM! seventy years later, you fall down again.
Dallas Willard|Anger does not solve problems - anger only makes things worse. I go by the old saying, 'Don't make important decisions when you're angry.'
W.P. Kinsella, Shoeless Joe|When I was 25, I believed I could change the world. At 41, I have come to the realization that I cannot change my wife, my church, or my kids, to say nothing of the world. Try as I might, I have not been able to manufacture outcomes the way I thought I could, either in my own life or other people’s.
Libba Bray|You can never really know someone completely. That’s why it’s the most terrifying thing in the world, really—taking someone on faith, hoping they’ll take you on faith too. It’s such a precarious balance, It’s a wonder we do it at all. And yet..
Wendy Mass, Jeremy Fink and the Meaning of Life|It's not an old book, or a treasure map. Nope. Staring up at me was a pile of rocks.
Larissa Ione|Ares sighed "What are the three words said most often in our h
Scott Stabile|When some things don’t work out, other things do.Some of life’s most memorable and fun experiences happen precisely because things don’t go as planned.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|I have a brother. They say, you put us together, we are like one person, you know? When we are young, his hair, it is very blond, very light, and people say, he is the good one. And my hair it is very dark, darker than yours even, and people say I am the rogue, you know? I am the bad one. And now time passes, and my hair is gray. His hair too, I think, is gray. And you look at us, you would not know who was light, who was dark.
Chiara Ferragni|I broke my nose in gym when a ball hit me. I took a girl to her debutante ball the next week wearing a tux and a big, honking bandage. Not the romantic night she had in mind.
Lisa Kessler, Ice Moon|His barely there smile warmed me. “You try really hard to hide behind that Ice Queen disguise, but that’s not who I see. I see a girl who had to grow up fast, and a mom who would sacrifice everything for her son. You’re beautiful, Taryn, inside and out, and I want to get to know the woman you keep hidden away.” He lowered his hand and my body ached at the loss. “If you’re willing, I’ll walk through the fire with you.
Ikechukwu Joseph, Discover Uncover and Recover All: The Ziklag Experience|God does not exist everywhere. Not in the temple, not in the mosque, not in the church and not everywhere. GOD was just there in your heart, in your mind.
Andrea T. Goeglein, Don't Die Waiting to Be Brave|4 Don’t Die™ Principles:•	Change your awareness and your perspective changes.•	You teach what you need to learn.•	You can make excuses or you can achieve your goals, but you cannot do both.•	Experience is what you get when you don’t get what you want.
Katherine Dunn|The difference between childhood and adulthood, Vic had come to believe, was the difference between imagination and resignation. You traded one for the other and lost your way.
Russ von Hoelscher|Don't rush into any kind of relationship. Work on yourself. Feel yourself, experience yourself and love yourself. Do this first and you will soon attract that special loving other.
Søren Kierkegaard|The Tyr had tried. It had really tried. It must have gone over every element of human psychology, tried desperately to understand the nature of human aesthetic sense … and then failed, miserably, in every regard.
Whittaker Chambers|Because if you lived, as I did, several years under Nazi totalitarianism, and then 20 years in communist totalitarianism, you would certainly realize how precious freedom is, and how easy it is to lose your freedom.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Parents do overindulge their children, giving them a profusion of material things . . . without the stabilizing effects of earning one’s way, of making decisions, of sweating hard to attain some kind of goal, young people are grievously handicapped.
Bryan Fields, Life With a Fire-Breathing Girlfriend|Who would vandalize a doghouse? I ask."Cats?" Bee suggests.
Laure Lacornette|I have no more goals, all I'm gonna do is deal with the days Nature will give me along. I have lost too much strength on futile things until then !
Nikolas Lee, The Iron-Jawed Boy|No one is only one thing, my dear.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn|We are born, we suffer, we die. However, love is a possibility for us all and, for some few, there is also a big house."Daniel could not resist asking, because he really wanted to know. "Need they be mutually exclusive? Can't we have both love and house?"Joe smiled. "Certainly. But one must consider carefully how one goes about getting the house.
Jonathan Edwards|[Salvation] is a life-changing experience when it happens, and if our life isn’t changed by it, then it either didn’t happen at all or we are so caught up in this world, spending so much time, effort, and emotion on the red circle, that we are ignoring the permanent, eternal, gigantic, blue part of the map in which we will forever be.
Mehmet Murat ildan|And when I am in a new place, because I see everything, it is like when a computer is doing too many things at the same time and the central processor unit is blocked up and there isn't any space left to think about other things. And when I am in a new place and there are lots of people there it is even harder because people are not like cows and flowers and grass and they can talk to you and do things that you don't expect, so you have to notice everything that is in the place, and also you have to notice things that might happen as well. And sometimes when I am in a new place and there are lots of people there it is like a computer crashing and I have to close my eyes and put my hands over my ears and groan, which is like pressing CTRL + ALT + DEL and shutting down programs and turning the computer off and rebooting so that I can remember what I am doing and where I am meant to be going.
Renae A. Sauter, An Empowered Life: Mind/Body/Spirit Empowerment|Beyond the pain, anger and unforgiveness, there is only one thing; love. This is where the magic happens
Ellen Hopkins, Burned|Me? Beautiful? I'm plain as cardboard. That may be how you see yourself, but the rest of the world would be hard to agree. You shine brighter than the Milky Way.Now there are those who might try to take that from you, but you don't have to give it away. Keep on shining Pattyn.And when the right young man comes along, he'll love you all the more for giftin' this sad planet with your light.
Colin Kaepernick|If you create something, you don't want someone else to go and profit from it; you have your right to make a living and everything. So I respect copyright. What I don't respect is copyright extremism. And I what I don't respect is a business model that encourages piracy.
Dean Koontz, 77 Shadow Street|Nature has placed mankind under the governance of two sovereign masters, pain and pleasure. It is for them alone to point out what we ought to do, as well as to determine what we shall do. On the one hand the standard of right and wrong, on the other the chain of causes and effects, are fastened to their throne. They govern us in all we do, in all we say, in all we think: every effort we can make to throw off our subjection, will serve but to demonstrate and confirm it. In words a man may pretend to abjure their empire: but in reality he will remain subject to it all the while. The principle of utility recognizes this subjection, and assumes it for the foundation of that system, the object of which is to rear the fabric of felicity by the hands of reason and of law. Systems which attempt to question it, deal in sounds instead of sense, in caprice instead of reason, in darkness instead of light.
Stephen Colbert|The only thing that ultimately matters is to eat an ice-cream cone, play a slide trombone, plant a small tree, good God, now you're free.
Scott Stabile|She felt likee doing her part to change the world, so she started by giving thanks for all the blessings of her life, rather than bemoaning all that was missing from it. Then she complimented her reflection in the mirror, instead of criticizing it as she usually did. Next she walked into her neighborhood and offered her smile to everyone she passed, whether or not they offered theirs to her. Each day she did these things, and soon they became habit. Each day she lived with more gratitude, more acceptance, more kindnesss. And sure enough, the world around her began to change. Because she had decided so, she was single-handedly doing her part to change it
Hugh Howey, Wool Omnibus|Tisiphone stood silent and helpless in Alicia's mind. It was all she could do to keep Alicia's blind savagery from dragging Megaira under and clouding the lightning-fast reflexes which kept them both alive.She'd never guessed what she was creating, never imagined the monster she'd spawned. She'd seen the power of Alicia DeVries's mind without recognizing the controls which kept that power in check, and only now had she begun to understand fully what she had done.She had shattered those controls. The compassion and mercy she'd feared no longer existed, only the red, ravening hunger. Yet terrible as that might be, there was worse. She'd found the hole Alicia had gnawed through the wall about her inner rage, and she couldn't close it. Somehow, without even realizing it was possible, Alicia had reached beyond herself. She'd followed Tisiphone's connection to the Fury's own rage, her own destruction, and made that incalculable power hers as well.For the first time in millennia, Tisiphone faced another as powerful as herself, a mortal mind which had stolen the power of the Furies themselves, and that power had driven it mad.
Avina Celeste|When you keep telling yourself that you are going to start in the future you are really telling yourself that you will never start. The future will never come. You have to get past the excuses that you are giving yourself that prevent you from starting today, right now. If you keep letting yourself tell you lies you will never find the success you are searching for.
Matt Haig, Reasons to Stay Alive|A million people a year kill themselves. Between ten and twenty million people a year try to. Worldwide, men are over three times more likely to kill themselves than women.
Roberto Quaglia|Darwin's Theory of Evolution is the worst way to explain the mysteries of life, except for Creationism.
Mel Brooks|Everything we do in life is based on fear, especially love.
Kelly Batten, One Day You'll Find Me|Leave Dad alone" I told Aislinn. "His Britishness is sort-circuiting.
Desai Pruthvi S|Nature had refused to offer herself to them. The water, the green, the mammalian, the tropical, the semitropical, the leafy, the verdant, the motherloving citrus, all of it was denied them and had been denied them so long that with each day, each project, it became more and more impossible to conceive of a time wen it had not been denied them. The prospect of Mother Nature opening her legs and inviting Los Angeles back into her ripeness was, like the disks of water shimmering in the last foothill reservoirs patrolled by the National Guard, evaporating daily.
Ann Richards|After all, Ginger Rogers did everything that Fred Astaire did. She just did it backwards and in high heels.
Auliq Ice|Be grateful when you have friends who care for you, it's a blessing to see nice happy people around us.
Steven Millhauser, Dangerous Laughter|As I train myself to cast off words, as I learn to erase word-thoughts, I begin to feel a new world rising up around me, The old world of houses, rooms, trees and streets shimmers, wavers and tears away, revealing another universe as startling as fire. We are shut off from the fullness of things. Words hide the world. They blur together elements that exist apart, or they break elements into pieces bind up the world, contract it into hard little pellets of perception. But the unbound world, the world behind the world – how fluid it is, how lovely and dangerous. At rare moments of clarity, I succeed in breaking through. Then I see. I see a place where nothing is known, because nothing is shaped in advance by words. There, nothing is hidden from me. There, every object presents itself entirely, with all its being. It's as if, looking at a house, you were able to see all four sides and both roof slopes. But then, there's no “house,” no “object,” no form that stops at a boundary, only a stream of manifold, precise, and nameless sensations, shifting into one another, pullulating, a fullness, a flow. Stripped of words, untamed, the universe pours in on me from every direction. I become what I see. I am earth, I am air. I am all. My eyes are suns. My hair streams among the galaxies.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Who can save a wretched soul? Only the Savior, the Lord Jesus Christ.
Ogwo David Emenike, The Fortune in Failing: Decoding the Message of Failure|If your failure is not a lesson, it's indeed a failure.
Mark Helprin, A Soldier of the Great War|Young Bindo Altovini, looking out from time, made a perfect coalition with the mountains, the sky, and the tall redheaded woman who had bent over just slightly to examine a raging battle that was long over. Alessandro imagined that Bindo Altovini was saying, half with longing, half with delight, "These are the things in which I was so helplessly caught up, the waves that took me, what I loved. When light filled my eyes and I was restless and could move, I knew not what all the color was about, but only that I had a passion to see. And now that I am still, I pass on to you my liveliness and my life, for you will be taken, as once I was, and although you must fight beyond your capacity to fight and feel beyond your capacity to feel, remember that it ends in perfect peace, and you will be as still and content as am I, for whom centuries are not even seconds."In the eyes of Bindo Altoviti, Alessandro saw wisdom and amusement, and he knew why the subjects of paintings and photographs seemed to look from the past as if with clairvoyance. Even brutal and impatient men, when frozen in time, assumed expressions of extraordinary compassion, as if they had reflected the essence of their redemption back into the photograph. In a sense they were still living. 
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|Words were weapons, his father had taught him that, and he'd wanted to hurt Clary more than he'd ever wanted to hurt any girl. In fact, he wasn't sure he had ever wanted to hurt a girl before. Usually he just wanted them, and then he wanted them to leave him alone.
Claudia Gray, Stargazer|Athletes are born winners, there not born loosers, and the sooner you understand this, the faster you can take on a winning attitude and become sucessful in life.
David Clement-Davies, The Sight|Why that was the stars, my little ones,' growled Kar, lifting his proud eyes to the endless heavens. 'For in the beginning, there was light.
Timothy J. Keller, Generous Justice: How God's Grace Makes Us Just|If believers in God don't honor the cries and claims of the poor, we don't honor him, whatever we profess, because we hide his beauty from the eyes of the world. When we pour ourselves out for the poor—that gets the world's notice.
Alena Graedon, The Word Exchange|Language may have limits. But it isn’t just a dim likeness in a mirror. Yes, gestures, glances, touches, taps on walls mean something. So do silences. But sometimes the word is the thing. The bridge. Sometimes we only know what we feel once it’s been said. Words may be daughters of the earth instead of heaven. But they’re not dim. And even in the faintest shimmer, there is light.
Sophia Bush|Women's roles in the movies remain, for the most part, girlfriends, mothers, wives.
Hermann Hesse|The world, my friend Govinda, is not imperfect, or on a slow path towards perfection: no, it is perfect in every moment, all sin already carries the divine forgiveness in itself, all small children already have the old person in themselves, all infants already have death, all dying people the eternal life.
Caroline Myss, Why People Don't Heal and How They Can: A Practical Programme for Healing Body, Mind and Spirit|Finding the right healing path requires all or nothing. Once you place conditions on healing, all you can achieve is conditional healing.
George A. Romero|I don't like to do material people have heard. Now, they like to hear material that they know, because that's the stuff that made me famous, and, unfortunately, I don't do a ton of it.
Sunday Adelaja|If a man realizes who he is, he is confident of his strength
Gilbert K. Chesterton|I see only one requirement you have to have to be a director or any kind of artist: rhythm. Rhythm, for me, is everything. Without rhythm, there's no music. Without rhythm, there's no cinema. Without rhythm, there's no architecture.
Kailin Gow, The Fairy Letters|My Dearest Breena,  They will remember us. Long after these wars have been mourned and then forgotten long after Summer and Winter fairies lay aside their rancor for one another and forget that they have ever tasted hatred they will remember – Summer fairies and Winter too – of a fairy king who loved his queen. - Prince Kian
Rob Bell, What We Talk about When We Talk about God|When we do the best we can, we never know what miracle is wrought in our life, or in the life of another.
Linda Howard, Cry No More|But reason has no power against feeling, and feeling older than history is no light matter.
Alonna Williams, The Journal of the Redskull|Fears can be a healthy thing, they give you something to conquer
David Petraeus|Many corporate leaders and employees have the right intentions, but it can be overwhelming when you consider how everything is affected from leadership styles, to organizational structure, to employee engagement, to customer service an marketplace.
Robert Graves, Claudius the God and His Wife Messalina|Thus [the altar] brings heaven into the community assembled on earth, or rather it takes the community beyond itself into the communion of saints of all times and places. We might put it this way: the altar is the place where heaven is opened up.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn|Its like people care more abput their pride than about what's correct, about the truth.
Rick Riordan, Percy Jackson's Greek Gods|Frankly speaking, I'm not afraid of death. I don't endeavour to avert its advent. But I don't want to be a witness of it.
Ted Sarandos|I got my service dog when I was medically retired out of the military, and it was the best thing that ever happened to me. I wish every medically retired serviceman could have a service dog. He's amazing. He's my best bud. I go everywhere and anywhere with him.
Thomm Quackenbush, We Shadows|There were a million things, everything, I didn't know. I was stupid, the official descriptive phrase for happy. I took this thing I'm giving you back, this thing you gave me as the star we were waiting for finally emerged.
Helen Fielding, Bridget Jones's Diary|It is proved by surveys that happiness does not come from love, wealth, or power but the pursuit of attainable goals.
Harry Truman|In most of my campaigns, I find it is best not to mention my opponent by name because, by doing so, it just gives him a chance to get into the headlines.
Auliq Ice|Every success and every bit of progress, is a building block for your next step.
Kerry Hudson, Tony Hogan Bought Me an Ice-cream Float Before He Stole My Ma|You say your life is your own. But can you dare to ignore the chance that you are taking part in a gigantic drama under the orders of a divine Producer? Your cue may not come till the end of the play--it may be totally unimportant, a mere walking-on part, but upon it may hang the issues of the play if you do not give the cue to another player. The whole edifice may crumple. You as you, may not matter to anyone in the world, but you as a person in a particular place may matter unimaginably.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|A little misery, at times, makes one appreciate happiness more.
Marquita Burke-DeJesus, Radically Ordinary|Earned money brings you security, borrowed money gets you slavery.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|Blessed is the man who walks not in the counsel of the ungodly, nor stands in the path of sinners, nor sits in the seat of the scornful; 2)But his delight is in the law of the Lord, and in His law he meditates day and night.
Ellis Peters, St. Peter's Fair|Child, [death] is with us always,” said Cadfael, patient beside him. “Last summer ninety-five men died here in the town, none of whom had done murder. For choosing the wrong side, they died. It falls upon blameless women in war, even in peace at the hands of evil men. It falls upon children who never did harm to any, upon old men, who in their lives have done good to many, and yet are brutally and senselessly slain. Never let it shake your faith that there is a balance hereafter. What you see is only a broken piece from a perfect whole.” “Such justice as we see is also but a broken shred. But it is our duty to preserve what we may, and fit together such fragments as we find, and take the rest on trust.
Arthur Keith|Perhaps the most legitimately dispiriting thing about reciprocal altruism is that it is a misnomer. Whereas with kin selection the "goal" of our genes is to actually help another organism, with reciprocal altruism the goal is that the organism be left under the impression that we've helped; the impression alone is enough to bring the reciprocation.
James Carrol, In Search of the Dragon Blanco: El Mision|We are never truly peaceful about donning a masquerade to appear to be something we are not. We want to come to the PARTY dressed as ourselves and when we do, we feel natural and free." from Are You Ready?The Night Blooming Jasmine in Your Heart 
Charles Hazlewood|Motherhood is an amazing feeling, and if you get to relive those special moments while working, it works as an icing on the cake. Kids have always been close to my heart, and working with them is a pleasure for me.
Cassandra Clare, City of Fallen Angels|You look wonderful", Jason said."No compliments, Jason. I'm uncomfortable enough in the lingerie.""Then by all means take it off.
Erin McCarthy, Hot Finish|And the thing is, we can’t fail. We’ve already hit the bottom and come out of it. From here on out, if we just love and listen, we can’t go wrong, babe.
Adi Da Samraj, The Eating Gorilla Comes in Peace: The Transcendental Principle of Life Applied to Diet and the Regenerative Discipline of True Health|Rage, recover, repeat.
Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club|We know what we are, but not what we may be.
Chris Colfer|Human intellectual progress, such as it has been, results from our long struggle to see things 'as they are,' or in the most universally comprehensible way, and not as projections of our own emotions. Thunder is not a tantrum in the sky, disease is not a divine punishment, and not every death or accident results from witchcraft. What we call the Enlightenment and hold on to only tenuously, by our fingernails, is the slow-dawning understanding that the world is unfolding according to its own inner algorithms of cause and effect, probability and chance, without any regard for human feelings.
Jane Vella, Taking Learning to Task: Creative Strategies for Teaching Adults|A good teacher does not teach all that he knows. He teaches all that the learners need to know at the time, and all that the learners can accountably learn in the time given.
Ellen J. Barrier, The Price We Must Pay for Our Father's Sins|Within the nature of every person is a desire to feel appreciated, to feel needed, and to be loved.
David McCullough, The Greater Journey: Americans in Paris|By being grateful, appreciating all we have instead of focusing on what is lacking, we allow more of the same to flow toward us.
Kcat Yarza, KCAT CAN: I have a pen that writes|It is said that ‘Beauty lies in the eyes of the beholder’. I say, ‘Perfection lies in the heart of the receiver.
Michael Bassey Johnson|When you live countless stories in which you play a sedentary role, it's an odd feeling to switch stories.
Yara Greathouse, Dismantled|You are free to choose, but not free from the consequences of your choice." Anonymous
Milan Kundera|why does Anna Karenina kill herself? the answer seems clear enough: for years people in her world have turned away from her; she is suffering at the separation from her son, Seryozha; even if Vronsky still loves her, she fears for that love; she is exhausted with it, overexcited, unwholesomely (and unjustly) jealous; she feels trapped. Yes, all that is clear; but is a trapped person necessarily doomed to suicide? So many people adapt to living in a trap! Even if we understand the depth of her sorrow, Anna's suicide remains an enigma.
G.K. Chesterton, Heretics|What do you want to be, free or happy? How about if they really are mutually exclusive options? What is freedom anyway? How does humanity govern itself when each person can have anything they want? How does humanity govern itself when nothing is natural?
Lukasz Laniecki, You Have The Right Not To Make Your Parents Proud. A Book Of Quotes|Parents like to think of themselves as Batmans, and of their children as Gotham Cities. Gotham City depends on Batman for its survival, and Batman delivers. This belief prevents parents from letting those young adults actually live their lives.
William Shakespeare|Alas, my lord, your wisdom is consumed in confidence.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|If eyes were made for seeing, then beauty is its own excuse for being.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|Equality before the enemy -that is the main condition to fight a fair duel. Where you have contempt, you cannot wage war; where you are in command, where you can see someone beneath you, you should not wage war.
Sun Tzu|When one treats people with benevolence, justice, and righteoousness, and reposes confidence in them, the army will be united in mind and all will be happy to serve their leaders'.
Hugh Grant|A good job is more than just a paycheck. A good job fosters independence and discipline, and contributes to the health of the community. A good job is a means to provide for the health and welfare of your family, to own a home, and save for retirement.
Oswald J. Smith, Man God Uses|To be a Christian for ten year and to be no more like Jesus then than at the time of conversion, is a tragedy.
Ana Ivanovic|Happiness isn't a fortune in a cookie. It's deeper, wider, funnier, and more transporting than that.
Anaïs Nin|When your beauty struck me, it dissolved me. Deep down, I am not different from you. I dreamed you, I wished for your existence. I see in you that part of me which is you. I surrender my sincerity because if I love you it means we share the same fantasies, we share the same madness.
Jeff Hobbs, The Short and Tragic Life of Robert Peace: A Brilliant Young Man Who Left Newark for the Ivy League|You get only two or three important choices in life. What job you do, whom you marry. Those are big decisions. If you’re right about those two decisions, you’ll probably be happy.
Nataša Nuit Pantović, A-Ma Alchemy of Love|women are Gods, women are the life-breath
Wendy Cope|It wasn’t you, it wasn’t me,Up there, two thousand feet aboveA New York street. We’re safe and free,A little while, to live and love,Imagining what might have been –The phone-call from the blazing tower,A last farewell on the machine,While someone sleeps another hour,Or worse, perhaps, to say goodbyeAnd listen to each other’s pain,Send helpless love across the sky,Knowing we’ll never meet again,Or jump together, hand in hand,To certain death. Spared all of thisFor now, how well I understandThat love is all, is all there is.
Gordon Korman, A Semester in the Life of a Garbage Bag|You did a politics project on a government that got overthrown on the due date? Man, did anybody ever tell you you've got no luck?""I suspected it," said Raymond ironically.
S.R. Crawford, No Secrets: Eternity series|The minute grains of sand slipped silently down the curved hourglass, no matter how many times the people of Earth willed them not to. Time, fate and the actions of others were out of their control.
Malaika Arora Khan|No matter where I am in the world, I will always be back home for Christmas.
Gustave Flaubert, November|In his earliest youth, he had drawn inspiration from really bad authors, as you may have seen from his style; as he grew older, he lost his taste for them, but the excellent authors just didn’t fill him with the same enthusiasm
Daniel Keyes, Flowers for Algernon|That's the most important thing. If I keep reading, maybe I can hold my own.
Katie McGarry, Breaking the Rules|Echo slides off the hood, and her hips have this easy sway as she walks to the back passenger door. Damn, she’s gorgeous—red, curly hair flowing over her shoulders, a pair of cut-offs hugging her ass and a blue spaghetti-strap tank dipped low enough to show cleavage.My fingers twitch with the need to touch. I’m going to have to pull some major groveling to gain forgiveness. If I were smart, I’d find a way to say sorry without opening my mouth. Never fails that half the time I try to apologize, it comes out wrong.
Madeleine L'Engle|Story always tells us more than the mere words, and that is why we love to write it, and to read it.
San Juan de la Cruz, Dark Night of the Soul|The whole conception of 'sin' is one which I find very puzzling, doubtless owing to my sinful nature.
Eleanor Roosevelt|Every great architect is - necessarily - a great poet. He must be a great original interpreter of his time, his day, his age.
Brian Tracy, The Gift of Self-Confidence|A clear vision, backed by definite plans, gives you a tremendous feeling of confidence and personal power.
Sunday Adelaja|Where there is growth however, there is increase
Thomm Quackenbush, Pagan Standard Times: Essays on the Craft|As compassionate beings, we cannot harm others, not even through our inaction.
Joan Ryan|We are such idiots, We think everyone else has it all figured out. But we're all stumbling around in dark rooms bumping into furniture and stifling our cries so no one will know.
Amish Tripathi, The Oath of the Vayuputras|First people lose their hair, then their vices, then their motivation. Then a toupee brings it all flowing back.
Auliq Ice|Self acceptance is common, Unfortunately, for some daft reason you are expected to have some kind of psychology degree to learn it.
|Don't cry about your struggles, they are the roadways to your future blessings.
Amy Tan, The Joy Luck Club|She would be quiet at first. Then she would say a word about something small, something she had noticed, and then another word, and another, each one flung out like a little piece of sand, one from this direction, another form behind, more and more, until his looks, his character, his soul would have eroded away . . . I was afraid that some unseen speck of truth would fly into my eye, blur what I was seeing and transform him from the divine man I thought he was into someone quite mundane, mortally wounded with tiresome habits and irritating imperfections.
Lynn Messina|I'll be sure not to let anyone but you carry me in her arms." He turns and leaves the kitchen before I can figure out what to make of his comment. A sense of humor is one more thing I don't think angels should have. The fact that his sense of humor is corny makes it even more wrong.
Alan Jacobs, The Pleasures of Reading in an Age of Distraction|Read what gives you delight—at least most of the time—and do so without shame. And even if you are that rare sort of person who is delighted chiefl y by what some people call Great Books, don’t make them your steady intellectual diet, any more than you would eat at the most elegant of restaurants every day. It would be too much. Great books are great in part because of what they ask of their readers: they are not readily encountered, easily assessed.
John Taylor Gatto|School is about learning to wait your turn, however long it takes to come, if ever. And how to submit with a show of enthusiasm to the judgment of strangers, even if they are wrong, even if your enthusiasm is phony.
Ray Bradbury|Early summer days are a jubilee time for birds. In the fields, around the house, in the barn, in the woods, in the swamp - everywhere love and songs and nests and eggs.
Stan Barstow, A Kind of Loving|August in Mississippi is different from July. As to heat, it is not a question of degree but of kind. July heat is furious, but in August the heat has killed even itself and lies dead over us.
M.A. Church, Behind the Eight Ball|I'm so tired of being alone," Heller whispered, voice broken. "So very tired of being on the outside looking in. Please ..."I tightened my arms around him. Could Heller be asking for what I thought? "What, Heller? Please what? What do you want?" "You," Heller murmured. "I want you. Please tell me you don't hate me for what I did. Or how I acted in the beginning. Please give me a chance ... please don't leave me." Squeezing my eyes closed, I fought not to let the tears escape, my heart threatening to break at the anguish I heard in Heller's voice.
Criss Jami, Healology|Work was intended not to give a man a reason to live, but rather to give him a means to live.
LL Cool J|It's important you stay professional and keep working, and I'm thankful for everything that's happened to me.
Onyi Anyado|Serving my generation with excellence will in turn mean my generation can lead, with excellence.
Albert Einstein, The World As I See It|Common to all these types is the anthropomorphic character of their conception of God. In general, only individuals of exceptional endowments, and exceptionally high-minded communities, rise to any considerable extent above this level. But there is a third stage of religious experience which belongs to all of them, even though it is rarely found in a pure form: I shall call it cosmic religious feeling. It is very difficult to elucidate this feeling to anyone who is entirely without it, especially as there is no anthropomorphic conception of God corresponding to it.
Harvey Keitel|I had a great drama teacher, and he sort of made out drama school as this incredibly difficult thing to get into: 6,000 people apply every year, and some of the schools only have 12 places. It's a phenomenally difficult thing to get into. And that excited me - I wanted that challenge.
Gail Carriger, Timeless|Oh, Major, you do so love to annoy, don't you?""It is the stuff of living, my lady.
Markus Zusak, Underdog|There were thousands of households throughout that city and there was something happening in all of them. There was some kind of story in each, but self-contained. No one else knew. No one else cared.
Trevor Jackson|Being body positive is really important to your overall happiness. It's hard to see someone with a 'perfect' body and be like, 'Why can't I be like her?' But that person was born to be who she is, and you're born to be who you are.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|How would your life be different if…You stopped worrying about things you can’t control and started focusing on the things you can? Let today be the day…You free yourself from fruitless worry, seize the day and take effective action on things you can change.
Gregory B. Sadler|The very fact of having fixed conclusions to strive for in orthodox belief does not render the Christian philosopher dogmatic but rather intellectually fruitful, willing to take and follow reason further than the putatively undogmatic unbelieving philosopher
Mahesh Babu|People think when you have a, quote, 'bank failure,' that that is the end of the bank. And it isn't necessarily.
Edward Sapir|Like they say, you can learn more from a guide in one day than you can in three months fishing alone.
Richard P. Feynman|It is questionless desirable in all ordinary cases, wherever positive law is established, to restrain ourselves within the letter of that law and to allow the criminal all the benefit, if benefit to him shall result, of any evasion or escape that the law shall afford him.
Robert Jastrow, The Enchanted Loom|Consider the enormity of the problem. Science has proved that the universe exploded into being at a certain moment. It asks: What cause produced this effect? Who or what put the matter or energy into the universe? And science cannot answer these questions, because, according to the astronomers, in the first moments of its existence the Universe was compressed to an extraordinary degree, and consumed by the heat of a fire beyond human imagination. The shock of that instant must have destroyed every particle of evidence that could have yielded a clue to the cause of the great explosion.
Saru Singhal|From the quote of mine and Learned from Knowledge of soul:-“I have seen the tears of mother; which is deep in future and realistic in nature, the Ossian of heaven and bang for enemies but when fall in support of a man.”Alam Bakshi
John Latchett|When you are searching, don't loose what you already have.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Opal|He kisses like he's dying of thirst, and I'm water.
Meg Cabot, Airhead|However, because they have no actual interests of their own (or if they do, they squelch them in order to fit in) and merely pursue those that they think will look best on their college apps, they're zombies.
Jimvirle|Don't be superior. Everyone drinks blood. Blood is a word that means alive. You can do without almost anything: arms, legs, teeth, hope. But you can't do without blood. Lose even a little and you grow slow and stupid and not yourself at all. We are all of us beautiful and complicated vessels for carrying blood the way a bottle carries wine. I suppose you think there's no blood in your roast beef? Life eats life. Blood makes you move, makes you blush, makes the pulse pound in your brow when you see your love walking across a street toward you, makes your very thoughts fly through your brain. Blood is everything and everything is blood.
Mary E. Pearson, The Miles Between|The world before us is a postcard, and I imagine the story we are writing on it.
Jarvis Cocker|I think basically becoming famous has taken the place of going to Heaven in modern society, hasn't it? That's the place where your dreams will come true. It's an act of faith now; they think that's going to sort things out.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|How can you keep your mind from wandering when you pray? Remember what you are doing: talking to God. If you had the opportunity to talk with the president, I doubt if your mind would wander. [We] have the privilege of talking to someone far greater: the King of kings!
Anthony Doerr, All the Light We Cannot See|So are we going to eat some Boo Berry or what?" John said, leaping out of his seat and toward the refrigerator.
Stacie Hammond, Ana J. Awakens|This was what Dennis had been doing lately: granting everyone permission to feel the way they were going to feel regardless. It was the books. Dennis’s relationship to his own feelings had become tender, curatorial. Dismantling. Entomological. Mave couldn’t be like that. She treated her emotional life the way she treated her car: She let it go, let it tough it out. To friends she said things like “I know you’re thinking this looks like a ’79, but it’s really an ’87.” She finally didn’t care to understand all that much about her emotional life; she just went ahead and did it. The point, she thought, was to attend the meager theater of it, quietly, and not stand up in the middle and shout, “Oh, my God, you can see the crew backstage!” There was a point at which the study of something became a frightening and naive thing.
Nicole Bonomi|YOUR WORDS ARE SEEDS. You have the choice to speak life or death. Your words have a nucleus.They can be magnificent co creations with angels, producing mind silk. Or, they can be the polymers of plastic sheets, suffocating the earth one square inch at a time.
Eric Schlosser|The management no longer depends upon the talents or skills of its workers---those things are built into the operating systems and machines. Jobs that have been "deskilled" can be filled cheaply. The need to retain any individual worker is greatly reduced by the ease with which he or she can be replaced.
Karen Joy Fowler|There was something appealing in thinking of a character with a secret life that her author knew nothing about. Slipping off while the author's back was turned, to find love in her own way. Showing up just in time to deliver the next bit of dialogue with an innocent face.
C.J. Roberts|No wonder God chose this dark land to send prophets to, for a candle only shines in the dark.
Slobodan Tišma, Starost|Sećam se da sam jedno jutro video ispred samoposluge nekog popa kako ljušti kikiriki, odmah mi je bilo jasno da neće biti mira na Balkanu.
Constance Daley|You smell wonderful,” he told her. “So aroused.” “That's the bug spray,” she said.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Things becomes invisible at the very moment I refuse to grant them importance. And while I am utterly ashamed to admit it, many of the most important things in my life are invisible.
Richard Kearney, Poetics of Imagining: Modern and Post-Modern|Let us understand, once for all, that the ethical progress of society depends, not on imitating the cosmic process, still less in running away from it, but in combating it.
Nikki Rowe|I see a lot of people complaining about the things they can fix, and a lot of people being accepting of the things they cannot change. Maybe tragedy really is the catastrophic event, for the way people view their lives. I would rather be wise, than nieve.
Bernard Arnault|If we get our self-esteem from superficial places, from our popularity, appearance, business success, financial situation, health, any of these, we will be disappointed, because no one can guarantee that we'll have them tomorrow.
Richie Norton|If you have time to write a business plan, you have time to prove the model. Just sayin.
Abhijit Naskar|You are born to build the society, not to follow it.
Gina Marinello-Sweeney, The Rose and the Sword|It was a gaze that held the comfort of familiarity. There was no mystery, no enigmatic depth, but unrestrained length, the length of years—the laughter of childhood games and Christmas carols of home— lining its pathways with simple, yet easily overlooked, understanding.
Joan Didion|Another thing I need to do, when I'm near the end of the book, is sleep in the same room with it...Somehow the book doesn't leave you when you're asleep right next to it.
Robert Louis Stevenson|We take so many of our freedoms for granted nowadays - I can travel where I like, I can do any job I want - but I think chivalry has been lost a little bit.
Daleen Van Tonder|Stay alert! Don’t let someone’s words blind you from their behavior... They can say all the right things, they can make you feel things you've never felt before, but don't be fooled; their actions will reveal their true character, desires, and priorities. Behavior speaks; pay attention to what it tells you. Behavior is math; pay attention to what it reveals.
Paramahansa Yogananda|I do love traveling, so I've been able to travel a lot.
Kim Dallmeier|I was thinking not very long ago about the difference between the people we "grew up" with vs. the people we're "growing old" with - not always being one and the same - and how time (and the memories we forge together) really does strengthen pretty much all of our relationships/friendships (whether they had started on the right foot or not). And I guess what I've mostly learned (by moving to NZ especially) is that the more Significant people you have in your life, the more 'manageable' the idea of loss, losing a loved-one, can become - not because you can replace them (obviously you can't) or because they're interchangeable (no one is), but because like a foundation to a house the more pillars you have (people you love) holding it up (loving you) the more solid/resilient you become - and from there, I find you're better equipped to overcome whatever life throws your way. That said time does pass us by very quickly. I find it much more noticeable through our growing kids than ever before.
Kat Lahr, There Is A First For Everything|Whisper me a kiss…Softly… softly brushing my cheekAs an - Oh! - so delicate caress…A gentle kiss upon my fingertips,So healing in its tenderness…Breathing your kiss upon my mouth,You softly whisper me a kiss…Oh! Whisper me a kiss…In your sweet breath is the promiseWafting me gently to a healing spaceThis oft tossed ship carried ‘pon your breathOh! Let me harbor in your embrace!Oh love… again… whisper me a kiss…Set us free to sail ‘cross time and space.Oh! Again… Whisper me a kiss…In your arms, the promise of forever…Shining as stars in your ebony eyesCome my love, tomorrow’s our dawn…Floating free as the star flies Our love, the vessel… you, my tether…On whispered kisses, together we’ll rise.Softly… Softly… Whisper me a kiss…"Whisper Me A Kiss"by D. Denise Dianaty© 30 August 2014
S.L. Stacy, Relapse|Take us to the in-between,Where earth meets sky, and wake meets dream.And time rushes by, unseen.Take us to the infinite night,Where up is down, and left is right,And dark vanquishes light.
April Moran, Taming Ivy|This isn't London, sweetheart. This is New York City and we can spot a fraud from a mile away.
Thich Nhat Hanh|First, people were not thinking about what they were doing 47 per cent of the time. Second, people were unhappier when their minds were wandering than they were not. And third, what people were thinking was a better predictor of their happiness than what they were doing.
Leonardo da Vinci|Really, the only thing that makes sense is to strive for greater collective enlightenment.
John Green, Let It Snow: Three Holiday Romances|Of course, men often 'use their economic superiority to gain sexual advantages,' but women often use their sexual superiority to gain economic advantages. So who is the extortionist?
Emily P. Freeman, Simply Tuesday: Small-Moment Living in a Fast-Moving World|When we don’t fear change, stress disappears. When we accept change, fear disappears.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Huge difference between being happy at will, and chasing euphoric moments as an escape. One doesn't cost a dime, the other will tax your soul.
Lin-Manuel Miranda|If I could be anywhere, where would I be?
Julie Metz, Perfection: A Memoir of Betrayal and Renewal|She was my friend and I loved her and relied on her, even though there were days when her moodiness and fragility frightened me, because they reminded me of my own tenuous grasp on life.
Mindy McGinnis, The Female of the Species|Everyone thinks if you fix a male dog it will lower his aggression, but most of the biters are female. It’s basic instinct to protect their womb. You see it in all animals - the female of the species is more deadly than the male.
Lailah Gifty Akita|All dreams are possible, if we work and wait for the manifest.
Karen Lynch|But are we human creatures as honest, kind, trustworthy as we at times are inclined to believe?
Rebekah Martin|The Knowledge Rule 2080: From maggots to men, the world is a corner bully. Better you knuckle up and go for yours than have to bow your head and tuck your chain.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|Jane: Mr. Rochester, if ever I did a good deed in my life-if ever I thought a good thought-if ever I prayed a sincere and blameless prayer-if ever I wished a righteous wish-I am rewarded now. To be your wife is, for me, to be as happy as I can be on earth.Mr. Rochester: Because you delight in sacrifice.Jane: Sacrifice! What do I sacrifice? Famine for food, expectation for content. To be privileged to put my arms round what I value-to press my lips to what I love-to repose on what I trust: is that to make a sacrifice? If so, then certainly I delight in sacrifice.
Todd Stocker|The presence and love of the Word had called them into being; inevitably, therefore when they lost the knowledge of God, they lost existence with it; for it is God alone Who exists, evil is non-being, the negation and antithesis of good.
Antonio Gramsci, Gramsci's Prison Letters|I'm a pessimist because of intelligence, but an optimist because of will.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Though not everything is so easy in doing, ponder before you say something is far difficult to do! When you think of the difficulty in getting it done, think and think again; you may have spent the same time you should have used for the utmost preparations that could have made the difficulty you look at but cannot see the panacea on something else, or you are not finding the necessary time, wit, courage, tenacity and the will power to release your whole and true self to master the very act and art of making difficult things easier!
Lauren DeStefano, Sever|It's quiet for a while, and then Rowan says; "We could talk now. We're alone out here. No walls.""There are always walls." I say.
Robert Henri, The Art Spirit: Notes, Articles, Fragments of Letters and Talks to Students, Bearing on the Concept and Technique of Picture Making, the Study of Art|We are troubled by having two selves, the inner and the outer. The outer one is rather dull and lets great things go by.
Stephenie Meyer, Eclipse|You know, Jacob, if it weren’t for the fact that we’re natural enemies and that you’re also trying to steal away the reason for my existence, I might actually like you.
Jared Alexander|I remember when my aunt died, the thing that pissed me off the most was going to get groceries the next day and seeing all those people who didn't care... didn't understand why I was so upset when I saw her brand of cigarettes behind the counter.
Jalina Mhyana, The Trauma Scope: Poems of Heartache & Optical Illusion|I was scared. Not of being dead, that I could not comprehend, to be nothing was impossible to grasp and therefore nothing really to be scared of, but the dying itself I could comprehend, the very instant when you know that now comes what you have always feared, and you suddenly realise that every chance of being the person you really wanted to be, is gone for ever, and the one you were, is the one those around you will remember.
Sue Monk Kidd, The Secret Life of Bees|Knowing can be a curse on a person's life. I'd traded in a pack of lies for a pack of truth, and I didn't know which one was heavier. Which one took the most strength to carry around? It was a ridiculous question, though, because once you know the truth, you can't ever go back and pick up your suitcase of lies. Heavier or not, the truth is yours now.
Bauvard, Some Inspiration for the Overenthusiastic|We need to revitalize the American spirit. People are always asking ‘What would the founding fathers do,’ but I have yet to witness a single séance.
Alaina Stanford, Forbidden Quest|Sometimes, the only way to solve your problems in life, the only way to conquer your fears, is if you face them. If you face your problems, they just flee. But if you flee instead, run away from them, they only get bigger, and they can totally destroy you.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|For the believer there is hope beyond the grave, because Jesus Christ has opened the door to heaven for us by His death and resurrection.
Sunday Adelaja|The sons of God are different because they are givers, just like their Heavenly father
Shannon Messenger, Let the Sky Fall|When someone you love dies, part of you dies with them. It's why your never the same after losing someone.
Frederick Buechner, The Magnificent Defeat|Remember Jesus of Nazareth, staggering on broken feet out of the tomb toward the Resurrection, bearing on his body the proud insignia of the defeat which is victory, the magnificent defeat of the human soul at the hands of God.
Donald Norman|The woman with dark hair, wide hips, and a few extra pounds has always been the essence of beauty in Morocco.
Dada Bhagwan|Circumstances will continue to change. They will not adjust to you; you will have to adjust to them. Circumstances are without inner-intent and you are with inner-intent. To make the circumstances favorable is our job. Unfavorable circumstances are indeed favorable. One feels exhausted going up the stairs, and yet why does he climb them? There is the inner-intent that he will be able to go up; he will be able to take advantage of what is up there; that is why!
Shiro Amano, Kingdom Hearts Chain of Memories, Vol. 2|Jimmy: When you die, I dieSora: Wow, that's some serious relationship!
Charmaine J Forde|If you run fast enough, you can still catch those dreams. Don't give up yet!
Ludwig Wittgenstein, On Certainty|Humans are in love with the idea of our persisting,' he said. 'We fetishize it, really. Our retirement funds, our genealogies. Our so-called ideas for the ages.
Debasish Mridha|Religion was created for the goodness of the humanity, butreligious dogma converts a good person to an evil person.
Robin McKinley, Spindle's End|Cats were often familiars to workers of magic because to anyone used to wrestling with self-willed, wayward, devious magic--which was what all magic was--it was rather soothing to have all the same qualities wrapped up in a small, furry, generally attractive bundle that...might, if it were in a good mood, sit on your knee and purr. Magic never sat on anybody's knee and purred.
Salman Rushdie, Midnight's Children|Children get food shelter pocket money longholidays and love, all of it apparently free gratis, and most of the little fools think it's a sort of compensation for having been born. 'There are no strings on me!' They sang; but I, pinnoccio, saw the strings. Parents are impelled by the profit motive - nothing more, nothing less. For their attentions, they expected, from me, the immense dividend of greatness.
Jamie McGuire, Beautiful Disaster|I need another drink!” I said as a second attempt to change the subject. “Shots!” America yelled. Shepley rolled his eyes. “Oh, yeah. That’s what you need, another shot.
Sharon Jones|He who is completely sanctified, or cleansed from all sin, and dies in this state, is fit for glory.
John Lasseter|I'm really proud of 'Cars.' 'Cars,' when it first came out, got probably the most mediocre reviews of a Pixar film.
Laurence Sterne, A Sentimental Journey|The Utopians wonder how any man should be so much taken with the glaring doubtful lustre of a jewel or a stone, that can look up to a star or to the sun himself; or how any should value himself because his cloth is made of a finer thread: for how fine soever that thread may be, it was once no better than the fleece of a sheep, and that sheep was a sheep still for all its wearing it.
Karen A. Baquiran|People can be animals. They will use you, take you for a ride, abuse you and take all your precious light away from you. Rise above their manipulation and egotistical bullshit because they are NOTHING without you. No one deserves your light but yourself.
A.A. Milne|The Perfect Man.The perfect man is gentle,Never cruel or mean.He has an beautiful smile,And keeps his face so clean.The perfect man likes children,And will raise them by your side.He will be a good father,As well as an good husband to his bride.The perfect man loves cooking ,Cleaning and vacuuming too.He will do anything in his power,To convey his feelings of love on you.The perfect man is sweet ,Writing poetry from your name.He's an best freind to your mother,And kisses away your pain.He has never made you cry,Or hurt you in any way.Oh f*** this stupid poem,The perfect man is GAY!
Seneca, On the Shortness of Life|By simplifying our lives, we rediscover our child-like stalk of innocents that reconnects us with the central resin of our innate humanity that knows truth and goodness. To see the world through a lens of youthful rapture is to see life for what it can be and to see for ourselves what we wish to become. In this beam of newly discovered ecstasy for life, we realize the splendor of love, life, and the unbounded beauty of the natural world.
Hazel Osmond, Who's Afraid of Mr Wolfe?|Jack shook his head. 'Books. What is it with women and books? My sisters were the same. They were always buying books for boys they fancied.'Ellie bent down and picked up the stone and put it on the table. 'It's like sending a love letter without having to write it yourself,' she said softly.
Stephen Richards, How to Get Everything You Can Imagine: Volume 1: How Mind Power Works|Just as the universe is in constant flux, so too are we in constant change, and we must accept that.
John Amery|I don't have heroes, exactly, but I do have people I hold in high respect. Ronald Reagan, for example, stood for ideals that I value: integrity, patriotism and a fundamental belief in goodness and capabilities of mankind.
|I would have had to kill him, and Death, you know, keeps secrets better even than a guilty Roman.
Tony Blair|Healthcare should be between the doctor and the patient. And if the doctor says something needs to be done, the government should guarantee it gets paid for.
Joseph Bottum|We have a name for the sum of grievances and compromises, this sheer normality of life lived among other people. We call it civilization. Culture, society, the workaday interactions of ordinary time.
John Mark Reynolds, The Great Books Reader: Excerpts and Essays on the Most Influential Books in Western Civilization|Hope is when we have a beautiful vision of something and a positive emotion to go along with it. When our world comes crashing down, when we are trapped in a deep, dark, despairing hopelessness, we need a bigger perspective. Hope comes when we reflect on all that we hold dearand true, when we acknowledge a higher power, when we acknowledge God in our lives and begin to see what He has planned for our lives.
C.E. McLean|Too often we sit back and speak platitudes of the nitty-gritty bits of writing; the editing, the story structure, the verbal sparring vs. banter, the character development, the world-building become more important to us than the tune rhythm of the tale. And when you lose the music of the story, all the footwork in the world is not going to make up for the loss of continuity and heart. We need to take a step back in our souls and conjure the image of what this story is: the notes and beats and things woven into it's fullness. See, that's what is so easy to lose sight of as we write. We forget that, in a way, this story is a full story in itself. We tend to try to build the story piece by piece, line upon line, precept upon precept, but that--as any true writer knows--is not entirely practical. A story does have its own identity. To some extent, the story exists in your mind as a whole. Its own being. To chance sounding sappy: Your story is a full piece of music waiting for you to dance it into existence. Don't make the mistake of leaving out all the music. It is tempting to want to have everything arranged to perfection so that little editing will be done. But if you are keeping in mind the way your story needs to run--feeling it and dwelling in the beauty of its passion and color and vibe--the footwork will take care of itself. Certainly it will require practice and your technicalities will need a little work--everyone's does. But you will have captured the essence and blood of the tale, and really that's the prettiest part of a dance.
Debasish Mridha|Ah! Summer is here. Celebrate the lights, dance with the blooming flowers, swim with the heart touching waves, sing under the dreamy starlight, dance with the winds, fall in love with the blue sky and the simple joys of life.
C. JoyBell C.|Some people have a thick skin and you don't. Your heart is really open and that is going to cause pain, but that is an appropriate response to this world.
J.D. Robb|If we actually thought about every decision we made, we'd be paralyzed ... You have to decide which decisions you're actually going to make, and then you have to let the rest of them go.
Brennan Manning, The Relentless Tenderness of Jesus|God's love is based on nothing, and the fact that it is based on nothing makes us secure. Were it based on anything we do, and that 'anything' were to collapse, then God's love would crumble as well. But with the God of Jesus no such thing can possibly happen. People who realize this can live freely and to the full.
Graham Greene, Brighton Rock|She got up and he saw the skin of her thigh for a moment above the artificial silk, and a prick of sexual desire disturbed him like a sickness. That was what happened to a man in the end: the stuffy room, the wakeful children, the Saturday night movements from the other bed. Was there no escape––anywhere––for anyone? It was worth murdering a world.
Rick Riordan, The Son of Neptune|Then he heard a terrible cry that pulled at his insides, that expressed agony of a kind that neither flame nor curse could cause, and he stood up, swaying, more frightened than he had been that day, more frightened, perhaps, than he had been in his whole life...
Jennifer Estep, Spider's Bite|You're just jealous.""Hardly. Been there, done you. Adequate, but unremarkable.
Rachel  Harris, Accidentally Married on Purpose|The reason I have felt so empty, so lost at times, is because you were missing.
Antony Gormley|Lest those islands still seem to you too remote in space and time to be relevant to our modern societies, just think about the risks... of our increasing globalization and increasing worldwide economic interdependence.
Michelle Obama|The glory is being happy. The glory is not winning here or winning there. The glory is enjoying practicing, enjoy every day, enjoying to work hard, trying to be a better player than before.
Donna Grant, Smoldering Hunger|Tell me, Constantine, who was afraid of what?"	There was no sense in answering. No matter what Con said, Ulrik would never admit that he was wrong and Con was right.
Unarine Ramaru|If you decide that what God is asking you to do with your life is just too much on you and is just a little too inconvenient, then you will never see the miracles he has for you.
Oscar Niemeyer|The older you get, the better you have to look, the higher you have to kick, the harder you have to work.
Tamora Pierce, Bloodhound|It's Thursday afternoon, and we have sports. These are the choices for the girls: watching an invitational cricket game; studying in one of the classrooms; or watching the senior rugby league. As you can imagine, I'm torn.
Abraham Lincoln|It is in his knowledge that man has found his greatness and his happiness, the high superiority which he holds over the other animals who inhabit the earth with him, and consequently no ignorance is probably without loss to him, no error without evil.
Salman Rushdie, East, West|At sixteen, you still think you can escape from your father. You aren't listening to his voice speaking through your mouth, you don't see how your gestures already mirror his; you don't see him in the way you hold your body, in the way you sign your name. You don't hear his whisper in your blood.
C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain|We have a strange illusion that mere time cancels sin. I have heard others, and I have heard myself, recounting cruelties and falsehoods committed in boyhood as if they were no concern of the present speaker's, and even with laughter. But mere time does nothing either to the fact or to the guilt of a sin. The guilt is washed out not by time but by repentance and the blood of Christ: if we have repented these early sins we should remember the price of our forgiveness and be humble.
Sandra Scofield|I also know that I won't go forth and have children just in case I might regret missing it later in life; I don't think this is a strong enough motivation to bring more babies onto the earth. Though I suppose people do reproduce sometimes for that reason - for insurance against later regret. I think people have children for all manner of reasons- sometimes out of pure desire to nurture and witness life, sometimes out of an absence of choice, sometimes without thinking about it in any particular way. Not all the reasons to have children are the same, and not all of them are necessarily unselfish. Not all the reasons not to have children are the same, either, though. Nor are all those reasons necessarily selfish.
Anthony Trollope, Dr. Thorne|Don't worry, darling. I'll look out for myself. And I've reached an age when I have no problem telling someone to fuck off.
Ikechukwu Joseph, Unlocking Closed Doors|my whole authorship pertains to Christianity, to the issue: becoming a Christian, with direct and indirect polemical aim at that enormous illusion, Christendom-- Soren Kierkegaard "The Point of View for My Work as an Author, (The Single Individual)
Annie Dillard|Books swept me away, this way and that, one after the other; I made endless vows according to their lights for I believed them.
Benjamin Haydon|When you write, you want to get rid of the world, do you not? Of course you do. When you're writing, you're creating your own worlds.
Emmett Kelly|Sometimes I make myself laugh, but that's because I appreciate my sense of humor.
Kaui Hart Hemmings, The Descendants|I’d like you to come to Kauai with me,” I say. “And Scottie. I think it would be good to get her away from the hospital for a day. We can leave in the morning, find him, and be home tomorrow night. If it takes us a day longer, that’s fine, but we won’t stay more than two nights. That’s our deadline. If we don’t find him, then at least we know we tried.”“And this will make you feel better somehow?”“It’s for her,” I say. “Not for him or me.”“What if he’s a wreck? What if he loses his shit?”“Then I’ll take care of him.” I imagine Brian Speer wailing on my shoulder. I imagine him and my daughters by Joanie’s bed, her lover and his loud sobs shaming us. “Just so you know, I am angry. I’m not this pure and noble guy. I want to do this for her, but I also want to see who he is. I want to ask him a few things.”“Just call him. Tell his office it’s an emergency. They’ll have him call you.”“I want to tell him in person. I haven’t told anyone over the phone, and I don’t want to start now.”“You told Troy.”“Troy doesn’t count. I just need to do this. On the phone he can escape. If I see him in person, he’ll have nowhere to go.”We both look away when our eyes meet. She hasn’t crossed the border into my room. She never does during her nighttime doorway chats.“Were you guys having trouble?” Alex asks. “Is that why she cheated?”“I didn’t think we were having trouble,” I say. “I mean, it was the same as always.”This was the problem, that our marriage was the same as always. Joanie needed bumps. She needed rough terrain. It’s funny that I can get lost in thoughts about her, but when she was right in front of me, I didn’t think much about her at all.“I wasn’t the best husband,” I say.Alex looks out the window to avoid my confession. “If we go on this trip, what will we tell Scottie?”“She’ll think we’re going on a trip of some sort. I want to get her away from here.
Walt Mossberg|Throughout my scientific career, my wife has been my most constant collaborator. Her experimental skill made major contributions to the work; she has eased for me beyond measure the difficulties of communication that accompany deafness; her encouragement and fortitude have been my strongest supports.
A. Violet End, The Billionaire Who Atoned to Me|Well, fella, as much as I’d like to stick something up your ass, it ain’t gonna be my finger or anything else on my body—sorry to disappoint.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|Democracy was supposed to champion freedom of speech, and yet the simple rules of table decorum could clamp down on the rights their forefathers had fought and died for.
Debasish Mridha|To brighten your vision, look at the positive side of life with great love.
Tia Mowry|I have something called endometriosis, and I was told by my gynecologist that I needed to go on a specific diet if I didn't want to have any more surgery.
Petek Kabakci|For grey matter, there is no black and white. If you think in black and white, then you do not use enough brain functions.
Henri J.M. Nouwen, The Way of the Heart: The Spirituality of the Desert Fathers and Mothers|Solitude is the furnace of transformation. Without solitude we remain victims of our society and continue to be entangled in the illusions of the false self. Jesus himself entered into this furnace. There he was tempted with the three compulsions of the world: to be relevant ('turn stones into loaves'), to be spectacular ('throw yourself down'), and to be powerful ('I will give you all these kingdoms'). There he affirmed God as the only source of his identity ('You must worship the Lord your God and serve him alone'). Solitude is the place of the great struggle and the great encounter - the struggle against the compulsions of the false self, and the encounter with the loving God who offers himself as the substance of the new self.
Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club|Ever since college, I make friends. They get married. I lose friends.
Breeana Puttroff, Blooms of Consequence|Fear is like a weed in a garden. Once you allow it to take root, it spreads, replicating itself, until, eventually, it chokes out all the other life there. Trust, love, kindness – none of those things can ever really bloom in a garden of fear.
David Levithan, Wide Awake|Before you can be anything, you have to be yourself. That's the hardest thing to find.
Traci Harding, The Dragon Queens|Only a female could be as calculating and have the foresight that destiny requires,' the gypsy explained. 'Now fate is a man,' he went on, 'no planning, just go with the flow and see what tomorrow brings.
Nicole Castro, The Disintegrated House|She buried her face into his neck, hiding her tears―and her fears, for though the Lor of Zeria was resisting her advances with valiant chivalry, that within her trembling hand was completely without honor.
Michelle Hodkin, The Evolution of Mara Dyer|If I were to live a thousand years, I would belong to you for all of them. If we were to live a thousand lives, I would want to make you mine in each one.
Gray Davis|A person's credit report is one of the most important tools consumers can use to maintain their financial security and credit rating, but for so long many did not know how to obtain one, or what to do with the information it provided.
Meredith T. Taylor, Churning Waters (The Churning Waters Saga)|She has done for me at last, Rachel my torment.
Lesley Livingston, Wondrous Strange|Since you can't touch me, you made something that could, didn't you?" I said."Yes."My world slowed and I closed my eyes. "I am going yo give you my heart noe," I whispered. "Please don't break it again.
Kristy Robles|Lets be sheep of God, not sheep of men.
Menna van Praag, The Dress Shop of Dreams|The heart cannot feel joy without also feeling pain, it cannot know love without also knowing loss.
Jorge Luis Borges, The Aleph and Other Stories|So witless did these ideas strike me as being, so sweeping and pompous the way they were expressed, that I associated them immediately with literature.
De philosopher DJ Kyos|Your looks will introduce you, but your character and personality will make them to like you,love you and they would want to keep you.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Treat people like people. Beware of pity and patronization because in them, you can't see when you're unashamedly looking down on someone.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|My Ego taught me a new pride, I teach it to men: No longer to bury the head in the sand of heavenly things, but to carry it freely, an earthly head which creates meaning for the earth!
Stephen Fry, Revenge|It wasn't by accident that the Gettysburg adress was so short. The laws of prose writing are immutable as those of flight, of mathematics, of physics. Fr letter to Maxwell Perkins 1945
Henry David Thoreau|To be a philosopher is not merely to have subtle thoughts, nor even to found a school, but so to love wisdom as to live according to its dictates, a life of simplicity, independence, magnanimity and trust.
Haruki Murakami, Samsa in Love|When I got out of prison, I was basically no longer human,' Miriam says.
Marcus Samuelsson|Those who want to be serious photographers, you're really going to have to edit your work. You're going to have to understand what you're doing. You're going to have to not just shoot, shoot, shoot. To stop and look at your work is the most important thing you can do.
Martyn Stanley, The Last Dragon Slayer|There is yet another reason why I cannot, nor wish to, believe in God: the fairy tale about him is not really mine, it belongs to strangers, to all men; it is soaked through by the evil-smelling effluvia of millions of other souls that have spun about a little under the sun and then burst…
Robert Mankoff|I used to have the very standard worldview. I can easily identify with people who see computers getting faster and smarter, and technology getting more and more beneficial, without seeing the other side.
Kate Morton, The Forgotten Garden|The Heart of Fairyland is a story," she said, and she felt so warm and light and full of rightness of it that she thought she might faint.
Dean Koontz, False Memory|There's more to me than you see, another me down inside somewhere, full of hate, ready to hurt, cut, smash, or if maybe there's no Other and there's just me alone, then I'm not the person I thought I was, I'm something twisted and terrible, terrible.
Iain M. Banks|writers like Jack Kerouac (who called himself an "urban Thoreau") set forth to redefine and rediscover ways to live in America without slogging through what Kerouac called the endless system of "work, produce, consume, work, produce, consume...
Vicente Fox|When about to commit a base deed, respect thyself, though there is no witness.
Anne Sexton, The Complete Poems|Only my books anoint me, and a few friends, those who reach into my veins.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|How wide, how long, how deep is the love that Saviour extends to all humanity!
Georges Mongrédien, La Vie Quotidienne sous Louis XIV|Ainsi dans le faste ostenstatoire d'une dernière cérémonie, le bourgeois, laissant à ses fils un héritage plus riche que celui qu'il a reçu de son père, quite ce monde où il a conu au moins deux grands sources de joie, la fortune et la vanité...Thus in the ostentatious pomp of a last ceremony, the bourgeois, leaving his sons a richer heritage than he has received from his own father, departs from this world where he has known at least two great sources of joy, the fortune and the vanity...
Viktor E. Frankl|Suffering ceases to be suffering at the moment it finds a meaning, such as the meaning of scarifice
Criss Jami, Healology|As for the majority, it is not so much race as it is political affiliation that really divides it today. What was once an issue of physical difference is now one of intellectual difference. Men have yet to master disagreeing without flashing all their frustrations that come with it; the conservative will throw half-truths while the liberal will throw insults. Combine these and what do you get? A dishonest mockery of a country.
Terry Pratchett, Small Gods|It’s a popular fact that 90 percent of the brain is not used and, like most popular facts, it is wrong. . . . It is used. One of its functions is to make the miraculous seem ordinary, to turn the unusual into the usual. Otherwise, human beings, faced with the daily wondrousness of everything, would go around wearing a stupid grin, saying “Wow,” a lot. Part of the brain exists to stop this from happening.
Darin Bradley, Noise|I tried to convince myself once, when I was a teenager, that I felt God. Alone in the sanctuary, accompanying my mom on an evening errand to the church. I stared at the ceiling and drew deep breath as quickly as I could. I told our youth minister in his ball cap that I had felt Him. That I was blessed. But in the end, it was only the wind and the rain, making noise in the darkness.
Glen Cook, Soldiers Live|Soldiers live. He dies and not you, and you feel guilty, because you're glad he died, and not you. Soldiers live, and wonder why.
Alex Avrio, The Alchemist's Box|I’m glad that this team has a woman for a leader,” Onoria finally said. Regina didn’t quite know how to reply. “I’m fed up with men in charge not knowing what they’re talking about.” Onoria turned towards Regina. “Aren’t you?”“I don’t like people in charge that don’t know what they’re doing, male or female,” Regina said.
S.A.R.K., Make Your Creative Dreams Real: A Plan for Procrastinators, Perfectionists, Busy People, and People Who Would Really Rather Sleep All Day|Building your "dream life" is filled with things that can feel like the opposite of a dream:MistakesDelaysStarting overFailureThe building part is actually more of a rebuilding that is a continual process. The building is not linear in nature but far more interesting. You might start a creative dream, take the "next step", and find yourself completely bored, dissatisfied, or just not inspired. 
Mikhail Bakunin|But I recognize no infallible authority, even in special questions; consequently, whatever respect I may have for the honesty and the sincerity of such or such an individual, I have no absolute faith in any person.
E.L. James, Fifty Shades of Grey|So you've just slept with him, given him your virginity, a man who doesn't love you. In fact, he has odd ideas about you, wants to make you some sort of kinky sex slave.
Elle Jasper, Eventide|Rest," he whispers against my temple, and despite my sleepiness, the feel of his lips moving across my skin makes me shiver. "I'll be here when you wake up.""Oh, God," I mumble, sliding my arm over Eli's chest and snuggling close. "Have we become that old couple that doesn't have sex anymore?"Eli's chuckle rumbles against my ear. "We had sex this morning.""Okay," I say already being pulled into slumber.
Neil Gaiman, The Kindly Ones|Have you ever been in love? Horrible isn't it? It makes you so vulnerable. It opens your chest and it opens up your heart and it means that someone can get inside you and mess you up. You build up all these defenses, you build up a whole suit of armor, so that nothing can hurt you, then one stupid person, no different from any other stupid person, wanders into your stupid life...You give them a piece of you. They didn't ask for it. They did something dumb one day, like kiss you or smile at you, and then your life isn't your own anymore. Love takes hostages. It gets inside you. It eats you out and leaves you crying in the darkness, so simple a phrase like 'maybe we should be just friends' turns into a glass splinter working its way into your heart. It hurts. Not just in the imagination. Not just in the mind. It's a soul-hurt, a real gets-inside-you-and-rips-you-apart pain. I hate love.
Sarah Dessen, Someone Like You|Life is an awful, ugly place to not have a best friend.
Zygmunt Bauman, Europe: An Unfinished Adventure|When Putin or any wealthy corrupted dictator can decide who is the US President, while Obama or the regular democratic authorities don't have the same power to decide who is the Russian or Chinese president, then the problem is not about Donald Trump, not about The Person,rather it is structural gap related to the Democracy and Dictatorship in deep substance and concept, and should be discussed, reflected, thought, spoke and solved from this very respect, not from drawing daily cartoons for Trump's hairstyle!
John Banville|As an actor you have to have a strong vivid imagination as you're working and when the camera's rolling, but there's certainly a part of you that is aware of real life, that you're making a movie.
Amanda Maxlyn, What's Left of Me|I just want it to stop. All of it. The pain. The suffering. The fucking cancer. I want it gone. I need it gone, Jean. It’s tearing me apart inside. God, I hate this. Even all the lying I’m doing to Parker. It’s breaking my heart.
T. S. Eliot|Most people read poetry listening for echoes because the echoes are familiar to them. They wade through it the way a boy wades through water, feeling with his toes for the bottom: The echoes are the bottom.
Debasish Mridha|Every moment, every second, every hour and every day, be in love by becoming love. There is nothing else.
Emericus Durden|Her sleep was enlivened by several dreams. One where Professor Wanstead's bushy eyebrows fell off because they were not his own eyebrows, but false ones. As she woke again, her first impression was that which often follows dreams, a belief that the dream in question had solved everything. 'Of course,' she thought, 'of course!' His eyebrows were false and that solved the whole thing. He was the criminal.
Graham Fuller|The tongue is like a lion, if you let it loose, it will wound someone.
Jasper Fforde, The Eyre Affair|I shouldn't believe anything I say, if I were you-and that includes what I just told you.
Nick Harkaway|Since when has leadership been a criterion for sanity? Or vice versa. Hitler was a gifted leader, even Nixon. Exhibit leadership qualities as an adolescent, they pack you off to law school for an anus transplant. If it takes, you go into government.
Shirley Hazzard, The Transit of Venus|He was familiar enough with pleasure to know it might become jaded or reluctant; but joy was literally foreign to him, a word he would never easily pronounce, an exhilaration that had some other reckless nationality. For this reason, Caro's wholeness in love, her happiness in it, made her exotic.
Michael Shermer, Why Darwin Matters: The Case Against Intelligent Design|Evolution provides a scientific foundation for the core values shared by most Christians and conservatives, and by accepting–and embracing–the theory of evolution, Christians and conservatives strengthen their religion, their politics, and science itself. The conflict between science and religion is senseless. It is based on fears and misunderstandings rather than on facts and moral wisdom. (138)
Anne Lamott, Plan B: Further Thoughts on Faith|I danced alone for a couple of years, and came to believe that I might not ever have a passionate romantic relationship—might end up alone! I’d always been terrified of this. But I’d rather not ever be in a couple, or ever get laid again, than be in a toxic relationship. I spent a few years celibate. It was lovely, and it was sometimes lonely. I had surrendered; I’d run out of bullets. I learned to be the person I wished I’d meet, at which point I found a kind, artistic, handsome man. When we get out of bed, we hold our lower backs, like Walter Brennan, and we laugh, and bring each other the Advil.
A. R. Rahman|Any girl who likes watching movies would like to work in them and would want to do all of that. I'm also one of them. But people know me for badminton and love me for it. So I'd stick to it right now. But maybe after badminton, I'll think about it.
Robin Hobb, Fool's Assassin|I was lonely, and a lonely heart has hungers that can overpower both common sense and dignity.
Erma Bombeck|If the United Nations once admits that international disputes can be settled by using force, then we will have destroyed the foundation of the organization and our best hope of establishing a world order.
Shirley Jackson|I am living on the moon, I told myself, I have little house all by myself on the moon.
Kim Ha Campbell, Inner Peace Outer Abundance|If you aren't practicing what you preach, how can, and why should, anyone trust you?
Ruth Ozeki, A Tale for the Time Being|The only time they ever throw anything away is when it's really and truly broken, and then they make a big deal about it. They save up all their bent pins and broken sewing needles and once a year they do a whole memorial service for them, chanting and then sticking them into a block of tofu so they will have a nice soft place to rest. Jiko says that everything has a spirit, even if it is old and useless, and we must console and honor the things that have served us well.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|Albus Dumbledore had gotten to his feet. He was beaming at the students, his arms opened wide, as if nothing could have pleased him more than to see them all there."Welcome!" he said. "Welcome to a new year at Hogwarts! Before we begin our banquet, I would like to say a few words. And here they are: Nitwit! Blubber! Oddment! Tweak!""Thank you!"He sat back down. Everybody clapped and cheered. Harry didn't know whether to laugh or not.“Is he — a bit mad?” he asked Percy uncertainly."Mad?" said Percy airily. "He's a genius! Best wizard in the world! But he is a bit mad, yes. Potatoes, Harry?
Romain Duris|If you try to come off as this big-time star with an attitude, people don't like that.
Eve Chase|I've discovered that life doesn't always turn on the obvious things - people dying, marriages, all the stuff that gets carved on the tombstones - but little unrecorded things too.
Marco Vichi, Death in August|Wart meets Merlin for the first time – only for Merlin, who lives backwards, it's the last time. The old wizard weeps and the boy can't understand why. It's a powerful expression of the gulf between the ancient and the young.
Craig Davidson, Cataract City|What caused me to undertake the catalog was the nebula I discovered above the southern horn of Taurus on September 12, 1758, while observing the comet of that year. ... This nebula had such a resemblance to a comet in its form and brightness that I endeavored to find others, so that astronomers would not confuse these same nebulae with comets just beginning to shine. I observed further with suitable refractors for the discovery of comets, and this is the purpose I had in mind in compiling the catalog.After me, the celebrated Herschel published a catalog of 2000 which he has observed. This unveiling the sky, made with instruments of great aperture, does not help in the perusal of the sky for faint comets. Thus my object is different from his, and I need only nebulae visible in a telescope of two feet [focal length].
Alin Sav|Do not change your clothes, change your thoughts.
Eloisa James, Paris in Love|Calvin: Dear Santa, before I submit life to your scrutiny, I demand to know who made YOU the matter of my fate?! Who are YOU to question my behavior, HUH??? What gives you the right?! Hobbes: Santa makes the toys, so he gets to decide who to give them to.Calvin: Oh.
Michael Bassey Johnson, The Infinity Sign|The idea that love is something magical, almost supernatural, in your heart, that has nothing to do with the day-to-day encounters with a real person--- that understanding of love has probably created more unhappiness and ruined more marriages than just about anything.Love is what happens between people living their lives together, becoming close through contact and actual partnership and it's what survives through difficulties and imperfections. An idealized, imagined, faraway person in your heart---that's not love. That's a daydream.
Karen Thompson Walker, The Age of Miracles|Miracles are commonplace in religious scripture. Our ancient ancestors are said to have felt Jesus' wounds, verified Muhammad's ascent to heaven, and even interacted with their respective deities directly. Today, believers have no such luxury. They are forced to rely on blind faith that these things occurred, that people were at one time able to overcome or render inert natural laws.
Shannon Hale, The Princess in Black|The oddly shaped man had introduced himself as a Mr. Abernathy, a wealthy friend of the family. "I'm a wealthy friend of the family," he had said. "Very rich. Friendly.
Ilsa J. Bick, Drowning Instinct|Everybody breaks sooner or later, Bob. Anyone can drown. Sometimes you see it. Most often, youdon’t because the body protects and the skin hides, so drowning doesn’t look like drowning and somepeople scar so nicely. Take it from an expert.
Steven Moffat|A nice warm shower, a cup of tea, and a caring ear may be all you need to warm your heart.
Richard Dawkins, The Blind Watchmaker: Why the Evidence of Evolution Reveals a Universe Without Design|[O]ur percept is an elaborate computer model in the brain, constructed on the basis of information coming from [the environment], but transformed in the head into a form in which that information can be used. Wavelength differences in the light out there become coded as 'colour' differences in the computer model in the head. Shape and other attributes are encoded in the same kind of way, encoded into a form that is convenient to handle. The sensation of seeing is, for us, very different from the sensation of hearing, but this cannot be directly due to the physical differences between light and sound. Both light and sound are, after all, translated by the respective sense organs into the same kind of nerve impulses. It is impossible to tell, from the physical attributes of a nerve impulse, whether it is conveying information about light, about sound or about smell. The reason the sensation of seeing is so different from the sensation of hearing and the sensation of smelling is that the brain finds it convenient to use different kinds of internal model of the visual world, the world of sound and the world of smell. It is because we internally use our visual information and our sound information in different ways and for different purposes that the sensations of seeing and hearing are so different. It is not directly because of the physical differences between light and sound.
Sherry Thomas, Tempting the Bride|Perhaps you forgave him too much, but who among us would not wish to be so generously loved and generously forgiven?
Gene Wolfe, Peace|Hail, happiness, then, and after happiness, hail not those dreams which bloat the sharp image as spotted mirrors do the face in a country-inn parlour; dreams which splinter the whole and tear us asunder and wound us and split us apart in the night when we would sleep; but sleep, sleep, so deep that all shapes are ground to dust of infinite softness, water of dimness inscrutable, and there, folded, shrouded, like a mummy, like a moth, prone let us lie on the sand at the bottom of sleep.
Amanda Craig|Oh sod me, Sir, not another bloody Paddy. Even a Brummie is better than another Paddy.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading|I don't blame you one iota for feeling as you do. If I were you I would undoubtedly feel just as you do."(...) You can say that and be 100 percent sincere, because if you were the other person you, of course, would feel just as he does (...) Suppose you had inherited the same body and temperament and mind (...) Suppose you had had his environment and experiences. You would then be precisely what he was - and where he was. For it is those things -and only those things - that made him what he was. (...) You deserve very little credit for being what you are - and remember, the people who come to you irritated, bigoted, unreasoning, deserve very little discredit for being what they are.
Tachibana Higuchi, 学園アリス 27 [Gakuen Alice 27]|I don't matter here, Shane. I feel like I just don't matter. Stupid, right?""No," he said. He sounded so gentle it broke her heart. "It's how most people feel most of the time, Claire. You've grown up being special, and this is how most people live their lives...on their own, unnoticed. And they get used to that feeling. It's just new for you.
David Suzuki|Beyond reducing individual use, one of our top priorities must be to move from fossil fuels to energy that has fewer detrimental effects on water supplies and fewer environmental impacts overall.
Pat Conroy, The Lords of Discipline|My memory often seems like a city of exiled poets afire with the astonishment of language, each believing in the integrity of his own witness, each with a separate version of culture and history, and the divine essential fire that is poetry itself.
Caroline George, The Vestige|What does a freelance researcher do?” “Researches things.” He winks at me and helps lift my bike onto a cobblestone walkway. “It’s not an interesting or particularly sexy job. Nobody wants to date a perpetual studier, but I bet there’s an army of guys crawling over each other to get to you.”More like crawling away. “You’re ridiculous. Who’d ever want to date me?”“Someone like you? There’d be a line at your door as soon as work got out.”“Oh, would you be in the line?” Sarcasm. Not a real question. I don’t care if he responds—heat burns my toes, ears, and everything in-between—well, maybe I care a little.Jack pauses and gazes into me. “Yeah … I’m in the line … and I’m better than all the other guys so you should really pick me. I’m funny. I’m strong, like, I could sweep you off your feet and run without breaking a sweat. I can also blow milk through my nose, but only if I’m drunk and the milk is warm.
Nisargadatta Maharaj, I Am That: Talks with Sri Nisargadatta Maharaj|You may die a hundred deaths without a break in the mental turmoil. Or, you may keep your body and die only in the mind. The death of the mind is the birth of wisdom.
Amanda Stevens, The Restorer|The trouble with rules, though, is that you'll always be tempted to break one- for the right reasons, due to unavoidable circumstances, because it feels as if there's no other choice. And once you break one, the rest seem like so much broken glass. The damage is already done.
Marcus Speh, A Metazen Christmas|Christmas is the marriage of chaos and design. The real sound of life, for once, can burst out because a formal place has been set for it. At the moment when things have gotten sufficiently loose, the secret selves that these familiar persons hold inside them shake the room...An undercurrent of clowning and jostling is part of the process by which we succeed finally in making our necessary noise: despite the difficulty of getting the words right, of getting the singers on the same page, of keeping the ritual from falling apart into the anarchy of separate impulses. From such clatter--extended and punctuated by whatever instrument is handy, a triangle a tambourine, a Chinese gone--beauty is born.
William Blake|In the spring of 1988, I returned to New Orleans, and as soon as I smelled the air, I knew I was home. It was rich, almost sweet, like the scent of jasmine and roses around our old courtyard. I walked the streets, savoring that long lost perfume.
Tom Althouse, The Frowny Face Cow|Many of the stars in the universe are thousands of times bigger than the earth. God focuses on the earth, a little speck of dust in the galaxy, and even loves each of us intensely as if each of us are the only person who exists.
Orson Scott Card, Magic Street|Gaia giveth even as she taketh away.The warming of the global climate over the past century had melted permafrost and glaciers, shifted rainfall patterns, altered animal migratory routes, disrupted agriculture, drowned cities, and similarly necessitated a thousand thousand adjustments, recalibrations and hasty retreats. But humanity's unintentional experiment with the biosphere had also brought some benefits.Now we could grow oysters in New England.Six hundred years ago, oysters flourished as far north as the Hudson. Native Americans had accumulated vast middens of shells on the shores of what would become Manhattan. Then, prior to the industrial age, there was a small climate shift, and oysters vanished from those waters.Now, however, the tasty bivalves were back, their range extending almost to Maine.The commercial beds of the Cape Cod Archipelago produced shellfish as good as any from the heyday of Chesapeake Bay. Several large wikis maintained, regulated and harvested these beds, constituting a large share of the local economy.But as anyone might have predicted, wherever a natural resource existed, sprawling and hard of defense, poachers would be found.
Marc Jacobs|I would be lying if I said it wasn't cool to see myself on the cover of 'Vanity Fair,' right? It's, like, what am I doing there? This is bizarre.
Kathryn Smith|His hope wasn't lost, it was buried, and somehow Prudence Ryland made that old grave seem much more shallow than it once was.
Richard Puz, The Carolinian|There are things we really do not understand; and much more than this, there are things we really do not try to understand!
Ashim Shanker, Don't Forget to Breathe|A bracing wind swirls about the boy and alights gently upon his shoulder to gape frightfully at droplets of fate joined infirmly to a sweep of atmospheric and lunar forces far beyond their capabilities to resist. He takes a long, deep breath of air—cleansed through its migration—and he closes his eyes.Scattered waves roll back in to the sea.
Tim LaHaye|My life's an open book. Some of the pages are a little ripped, but it's open.
Kristen Stewart|Watching an entrepreneur fail is sad, but watching him fail from lack of nerve is tragic.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|By exchanging quality time for 'turn-up' times, what many of today's wayward youngsters have become - men and women of the village have failed them.
Michael Monroe, Afterlife|Let them come. We’ve got helicopters, tanks, jets, and big guns. We’ve got armies of robots. What do they have but their stench and the squalor they live in?
Veronica Roth, Insurgent|I knew your face before your heart, I saw your pain right from the start A stunning sight I won’t forget, Tears that flowed out of regret,   So take your time and take your spaceI’ll be here while you navigate My love for you alone will wait My love for you alone will wait   You captured me before I knew A rare reward, a heart so true How could it be with just one look, My world was changed, my love unhooked   So take your time and take your space I’ll be here while you navigate My love for you alone will wait My love for you alone will wait   I only want to see you freed Outside the walls you cannot see So break away from debts not yoursReceive the grace that's been out-poured   So take your time and take your space I’ll be here while you navigate My love for you alone will wait My love for you alone will wait”Deese, Nicole (2013-01-22). All For Anna (Letting Go) (p. 234-235). . Kindle Edition.
Mav Skye, Wanted: Single Rose|I snipped the cherries but left the banana.” She gave him a knowing look. “God,” said Sir Sun. “No, not God. Me. I did it.” She pointed at herself.
E.L. James, Fifty Shades Darker|I cannot be with someone who takes pleasure in inflicting pain on me, someone who can’t love me.
James Patterson, Saving the World and Other Extreme Sports|Meaning what? We're going to pretend nothing's going on? That's stupid. The only way to deal with any of this is to get it out in the open."Have you been watching Oprah again?
Leslie Austin|Writers need faith, or else we can never trust the action of our words!
Danny Gregory|Please DO waste art materials. Use paper. Empty paint jars. Deplete pens. if it's teaching you stuff, it's not being wasted.
Abdullah II of Jordan|I love being at home, being with friends and family. I'm of European stock, brought up in Australia. I'm a passionate guy. I just love life.
Ella Dominguez|It's not like you're becoming a born-again Christian or teetotal or an accountant or something you can stop being after a while. You'll never not be a father now.''It feels great, Rob' he said. 'Just great.
Mollie Marti|Listen for the call of your destiny, and when it comes, release your plans and follow.
Dorothy L. Sayers, Whose Body?|But if it is true that human minds are themselves to a very great degree the creations of memes, then we cannot sustain the polarity of vision we considered earlier; it cannot be "memes versus us," because earlier infestations of memes have already played a major role in determining who or what we are. The "independent" mind struggling to protect itself from alien and dangerous memes is a myth. There is a persisting tension between the biological imperative of our genes on the one hand and the cultural imperatives of our memes on the other, but we would be foolish to "side with" our genes; that would be to commit the most egregious error of pop sociobiology. Besides, as we have already noted, what makes us special is that we, alone among species, can rise above the imperatives of our genes— thanks to the lifting cranes of our memes.
Malala Yousafzai, I Am Malala: The Story of the Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban|No struggle can ever succeed without women participating side by side with men. There are two powers in the world; one is the sword and the other is the pen. There is a third power stronger than both, that of women.
David Burr Gerrard, The Epiphany Machine|One way to think about your life is as an extended free fall. An epiphany may help you see better as you fall. Rather than a meaningless blur, you will see rocks and trees and lizards. An epiphany is not a parachute.
Robert Burns|Faythe…?" The tremor in his voice broke my heart. Then understanding surfaced, and his tear-filled eyes searched mine desperately. "No. No," he whispered through clenched teeth. "This was not wrong. It’s the only thing I’ve done right in months. Don’t you dare regret this.
Ash Gray, The Seaglass Stair|Growing up learning of distant lands and their bloody histories, Wareska had quickly noticed how pointing to someone else as unquestionably worse was a widely common justification for many atrocities.
Helen MacInnes, Decision at Delphi|I sometimes think that normal, everyday life is only a delusion. We walk on a think crust of earth which we call peace; and every now and again we can hear a rumble below our feet; and sometimes the crust splits and we see that, underneath there is a glowing inferno ready to erupt. Sometimes it does, sometimes it doesn't, but it is always there.
Harold Ramis|Nothing is really typical of my efforts... I'm simply casting about for better ways to crystallise and capture certain strong impressions (involving the elements of time, the unknown, cause and effect, fear, scenic and architectural beauty, and other seemingly ill-assorted things) which persist in clamouring for expression.
Jonathan Franzen, The Corrections|Fiction is a solution, the best solution, to the problem of existential solitude.
Jean Vanier, Community And Growth|...Individualistic material progress and the desire to gain prestige by coming out on top have taken over from the sense of fellowship, compassion and community. Now people live more or less on their own in a small house, jealously guarding their goods and planning to acquire more, with a notice on the gate that says, 'Beware of the Dog.
Noormohammad Bhuayan|Don't start a fight if you can't duke it out. Either win or concede but whatever you do, don't have others fight for you.
Munindra Misra, Devi Mahatmayam in English Rhyme|I opened my louvres and looked at Comfort, walking in the heavy rain, crying bitterly. I heard mom saying, Anywhere you want to go, you can, but don't come back again to this house. Comfort was beautiful, but her stealing attributes brought reproach on her and painted her beauty with dark impressions. I looked at her, walking barefooted on the muddy ground congested with rain water.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Success is the sweetest thing to taste,the bitterest thing to lose,and the hardest thing to earn.
H.G. Wells|It was a red-flannel chest-protector, one of those large quasi-hygienic objects that with pills and medicines take the place of beneficial relics and images among the Protestant peoples of Christendom.
Eugene Paul Wigner|It makes me sad that so many people feel they're only allowed to show their best face, while their humanity and vulnerabilities are forbidden and hidden. How else do we connect, but by commonality, by mutual understanding and truth in life's experiences? Whether it makes you smile or cringe, a truth spoken is a healing thing.
Ray Palla, SIMPLE TRIPLE STANDARD|We enjoy talking about music, politics, and subjugation. —Kinky Friedman to Night Rider on KOKE-FM
Cesar Nascimento|Maybe you think life is not worth living, but is death worth dying for?
Anne Rice, Interview with the Vampire|A summer rain had left the night clean and sparkling with drops of water. I leaned against the end pillar of the gallery, my head touching the soft tendrils of a jasmine which grew there in a constant battle with a wisteria, and I thought of what lay before me throughout the world and throughout time, and resolved to go about it delicately and reverently, learning that from each thing which would take me best to another.
Emem Uko|It's the journey that matters, soak it in. Learn lessons out of it. Impact positively so that if you never get to your destination, at least you'd leave a legacy to be remembered.
Douglas Wilson|Faith is the virtue of the storm, just as happiness is the virtue of sunshine.
Benjamin Percy, Red Moon|Still, for what Androma did to him, he should hate her, should want her dead.But seeing her before him, melting into rage and riot, her glowing grey eyes reflecting the electricity that swam around her swords...Godstars, she was magnificent, a creature that deserved to release her wrath on the world. It would be worth every drop of blood about to be shed to bring her to Cyprian's feet.
W.B. Yeats, The Wild Swans at Coole|ld heads forgetful of their sins,Old, learned, respectable bald headsEdit and annotate the linesThat young men, tossing on their beds,Rhymed out in love’s despairTo flatter beauty’s ignorant ear.They’ll cough in the ink to the world’s end;Wear out the carpet with their shoesEarning respect; have no strange friend;If they have sinned nobody knows.Lord, what would they sayShould their Catullus walk that way?
Lea Michele|At home in Ghaziabad, everyone is a pure vegetarian. In fact, when I want to cook non-veg there, my mum shoos me out on the terrace where I have my cooking utensils. I'm told categorically that whatever non-veg or egg, etc., that I have to cook, I should do upstairs and not enter her kitchen at all.
Billy Collins|It never ceases to amaze me that every second of every day, more than 6,000 billion neutrinos coming from nuclear reactions inside the sun whiz through my body, almost all of which will travel right through the earth without interruption.
A.M. Homes, May We Be Forgiven|Was this the big one or was this the small tremor, the warning? Does it get better - does the sensation of being in a dream underwater go away?
Chuck Palahniuk, Invisible Monsters|No matter how careful you are, there's going to be the sense you missed something, the collapsed feeling under your skin that you didn't experience it all. There's that fallen heart feeling that you rushed right through the moments where you should've been paying attention.Well, get used to that feeling. That's how your whole life will feel some day.This is all practice.
Felix Wantang, Face to Face Meetings with Jesus Christ 2 (Read Chapter One)): Astounding Biblical Mysteries revealed in his own words like never before in human history.|If you have Jesus Christ, then you are no longer a slave to the forces of this sinful world; you are untouchable and unstoppable.Romans 8:15
Richard Attias|I'm an Afro-realist. I take what comes, and I do my best to affect what is unacceptable in society.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Americanah|...what a leveller this remote-control gizmo was...it chopped down the heavyweight and stretched out the slight until all the set's emissions, commercials, murders, game-shows, the thousand and one varying joys and terrors of the real and the imagined, acquired an equal weight...
Matshona Dhliwayo|One who never reads only goes where his feet can take him, but one who does, travels around the world.
Johnny Rich|The characters act for reasons that they can’t control and, as readers, we have to believe in their motivations, their sense of choice and in the reality of their suffering, even though, deep down, we know it’s all just puppetry on the part of the writer.
Kazuo Koike, Lone Wolf and Cub, Vol. 1: The Assassin's Road|New rules. If you are smart enough to live, you won’t hit Charles’s mate in front of his father.
Patricia C. Wrede, The Mislaid Magician: or Ten Years After|For an occurrence to become an adventure, it is necessary and sufficient for one to recount it.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Writing a novel is like taking a long cross-country journey. The hardest part is getting going, making sure you have all the items you need to take with you, double- and triple-checking that the route you’re taking is the best way. So often you leave your driveway and start north when you realize you actually needed to head southwest. I’ve never written a novel without a certain number of false starts. And it never seems to get easier. Part of me thinks it only gets harder.
Debasish Mridha|Dream, desire, and then dare to discover.
Wynne McLaughlin|I had a dog once. I thought so much of him that when he died I couldn't bear the thought of getting another in his place. He was a FRIEND—you understand, Mistress Blythe? Matey's only a pal. I'm fond of Matey—all the fonder on account of the spice of devilment that's in him—like there is in all cats. But I LOVED my dog. I always had a sneaking sympathy for Alexander Elliott about HIS dog. There isn't any devil in a good dog. That's why they're more lovable than cats, I reckon.
K. A. Applegate|I take four planes a week, honestly. You know, I am for intelligence screening.
Robert Benchley|It took me fifteen years to discover that I had no talent for writing, but I couldn't give it up because by that time I was too famous.
Marian Wright Edelman|I've never been on a TV show for more than a season and you have to continually keep it interesting and you have to keep it connected, even as you change.
Matt Forbeck, The Con Job|Progress? Oh, I think so. The iceman melteth.
Curtis Jackson|Some people can't sing - like honestly - but they're famous anyway, and they might be famous for being an artist, which is completely different from being a singer.
Holly A. Smith, Fire of the Five Hearts: A Memoir of Treating Incest|Pictures ... flashed on her in sudden color, too much color, shocking color, the color that leaps out of black when lightning strikes at night.
Naveen Jain|My dad is my best friend, my father, and my boss. When I do something that is exciting and he likes it, it feels three times as good as you can imagine.
Franz Kafka|Never permit a dichotomy to rule your life, a dichotomy in which you hate what you do so you can have pleasure in your spare time. Look for a situation in which your work will give you as much happiness as your spare time.
Rachael Wade, Preservation|Well, in the meantime, Carter and I have been discussing the matter of Ryan." This time it wasn't the clang of a pan I heard, but instead a messy smack--the contact of Carter's backhand with Dean's head, I presumed. "Just hear me out. You have options. I have an Italian uncle. He'll make sure Ryan is sleeping with the fishes by next week.""Dean!" Unable to repress my amusement, my eyes flew wide and my grin grew."Either that, or we can go all Sweeney Todd on him and--""Oh, will you stop?" My laughter was crippling. "There will be no calls to your uncle and no trip to the barber shop--please, leave Sweeney Todd out of it.
Chetan Bhagat, Revolution 2020: Love, Corruption, Ambition|You don’t drink?” Samantha asked, clearly surprised. Jack shrugged easily. “Occasionally. But it’s not my poison.” “And what is your poison?” He eyed her dress. Samantha laughed, a husky, sexy sound. “So your reputation is earned.” “Which one is that?” “The one about you being a wily, unapologetic, womanizing rake.” “That’s a mouthful.
Christopher Pike, Witch|Just by breathing deeply on your anger, you will calm it. You are being mindful of your anger, not suppressing it...touching it with the energy of mindfulness. You are not denying it at all. When I speak about this to psychotherapists, I have some difficulty. When I say that anger makes us suffer, they take it to mean that anger is something negative to be removed. But I always say that anger is an organic thing, like love. Anger can become love. Our compost can become a rose. If we know how to take care of our compost...Anger is the same. It can be negative when we do not know how to handle it, but if we know how to handle our anger, it can be very positive. We do not need to throw anything away," (50).
Margaret Way, Bauhinia Junction|It's quite commonplace for a young man to fall in love and equally commonplace for him to be rejected, but come what may, I'll always be fond of you.
Franklin Gillette|Start each day asking, "How do I want others to feel?" Then act accordingly.
Pema Chödrön, The Wisdom of No Escape: How to Love Yourself and Your World|It may be that the strongest instinct of the human race, stronger than sex or hunger, is curiosity: the absolute need to know. It can and often does motivate a lifetime, it kills more than cats, and the prospect of satisfying it can be the most exciting of emotions.
Mark Waid|When I was teaching Latin in girls' schools before I became a writer, I didn't much like it if parents would come in and say, 'We'll have less of the Ovid and Virgil and more of the grammar, please.' After all, I was the one in charge. That's how I feel about doctors. You should trust them to do their job properly.
Sheri Webber, Devil Went Down: And Hell Came Running|The narrow path of the righteous is an extremely difficult path to travel. The rough road to victory is a very challenging endeavor that pushes the limits of endurance. Enormous mountains of hardship, boisterous storms of adversity, and several other elements of confrontation are there in their various forms of operation to test our faith. So it’s very important for us to apply the word of our God to our lives, and believe it with unwavering faith. Then no form of adversity can keep us back from a successful advancement into a deeper progression where greater achievements are obtained.
Billy Graham, Hope for Each Day: Words of Wisdom and Faith|You cannot come to Christ unless the Spirit of God brings you. But what if you ignore His warnings? Then you are in the gravest danger, for some day God will no longer be speaking to you. Then it will be too late. Come to Christ while there is still time. Christ, God's greater Ark, stands ready to welcome you to safety today.
Tupac Shakur|We are all proprietary toward cities we love. 'Ah, you should have seen her when I loved her!' we say, reciting glories since faded or defiled, trusting her to no one else; that others should know and love her in her present fallen state (for she must fall without our vigilant love) is a species of betrayal.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Every religion in the world has had a subset of devotees who seek a direct, transcendent experience with God, excusing themselves from fundamentalist scriptural or dogmatic study in order to personally encounter the divine.
Steve Sanchez, Rethinking Redemption|Thus, Christ making His human divine and taking it into heaven is the central event of all time. It is the miracle of all miracles. The resurrection bursts like a sun on the timeline of history, which means this innermost event shines light on all points in history leading up to it and after it.
Doug   Cooper, Outside In|Boy or girl? I had never thought about that. The men who work at the palace, they use words to govern the country and use strength to protect it. Bringing all kinds of brilliant men from the kingdom, and they all have amazing talents. But...how are they different from me?The women inside the palace, they had white skin and beautiful hair. And their clothes were fashionable, their hearts were gentle and ever changing like the snow in the wind. But...how am I anything like them?
Kevin J. Anderson, The Edge of the World|Off, this fucking theories... and religious stuff.
Anna Carey, Eve|What If I still want to go?" "Then you'll go," he said. "But I wanted you to know the danger." "There's always danger." His green eyes met mine. I was starting to see It, how It could happen-Caleb and me.
|The people who would praise you for living lavishly, would be the same ones to laugh at you if your were to find yourself in the pit of financial crisis.
Jennifer Paynter, Mary Bennet|Do you know the best way to get your body heat back?" Ethan asked her as he looked her in the eyes and stroked her glossy brown hair. “The way to warm up is to lie next to another person. Naked.
Mitch Albom, The Five People You Meet in Heaven|Strangers," the Blue Man said, "are just family yo have yet to come to know.
Wendell Berry|There is a contradiction between market liberalism and political liberalism. The market liberals (e.g., social conservatives) of today want family values, less government, and maintain the traditions of society (at least in America's case). However, we must face the cultural contradiction of capitalism: the progress of capitalism, which necessitates a consumer culture, undermines the values which render capitalism possible
Stormie Omartian, Just Enough Light for the Step I'm On|We all can have accidents in life. God knew this, and so He sent Jesus as our Healer. His healing touch is God’s mercy to us. If you are hurt, ask God to heal you and then trust Him to do it in His way and in His time.
Peter Kreeft, Prayer for Beginners|If we rely on anything else besides faith to maintain the practice of the presence of God, we will certainly fail, whether this is our feelings, or experiences, or sincerity, or good intentions, or reasonings, or plans. The reason these things will fail while faith will not fail is that all these things depend on us, while faith depends on God. It is a gift of God.
Penn Jillette|Computers allow us to squeeze the most out of everything, whether it's Google looking up things, so I guess that tends to make us a little lazy about reading books and doing things the hard way to understand how those things work.
Ellen Hopkins, Fallout|It was a catch-22: If you didn’t put the trauma behind you, you couldn’t move on. But if you did put the trauma behind you, you willingly gave up your claim to the person you were before it happened.
E. Norman Torry, Round My Library Fire: A Book about Books|A library should fill our leisure with adventure. It is a refuge from the commonplace and the dull, a sanctuary where all the trials, the tribulations, and the boredoms of the outer world are forbidden and where such an evil thing as a tax-collector may be forgotten and, peradventure, forgiven.
Deanna Lynn Sletten, Widow, Virgin, Whore|To take, for example, my own death: what I consider most likely to be true is that death will be the complete and utter end of my existence, with no successor existence of any kind that can be related to me as I now am. And if that is not the case, the next most likely scenario, it seems to me, is something along the lines indicated by Schopenhauer. But neither of these is what I most want. What I want to be true is that I have an individual, innermost self, a soul, which is the real me and which survives my death. That too could be true. But alas, I do not believe it.
David Markson, Wittgenstein's Mistress|I think of death only with tranquility, as an end. I refuse to let death hamper life. Death must enter life only to define it.
Xenophon|A cardinal rule in budgeting and saving is to pay yourself first. Once your paycheck hits your account, wisdom has it that you should move some amount to savings even before you pay the bills.
Rebecca Hall|Being voted the world's sexiest vegetarian is about as cool as it gets. It's not quite as cool as Brad Pitt, but it'll do.
Alexander Pushkin, Eugene Onegin|Wherever they went—Moscow, Tehran, the Syrian coast, Switzerland—a furnished house, villa, or apartment awaited the young couple. And their philosophies of life were the same: "We have only one life!" So take everything life can give, except one thing: the birth of a child. For a child is an idol who sucks dry the juices of your being without any return for your sacrifices, not even ordinary gratitude.
R. Y.S. Perez, I Hope You Fall in Love: Poetry Collection|I'm starting to learn that if things are messy, or pieces don't get put back right, they are going to hurt, either way.
Vijay Kedia|Rome was not built in a day, but Hiroshima and Nagasaki were destroyed in a day.
Amy Jarecki, Rise of a Legend|She swatted the fur beside her. "Sit."	Growling, he shoved his dirk back in its sheath. "I'll listen, but if ye lift a finger against me, I'll slit your throat afore ye can draw your next breath."	"I'll keep that in mind." Eva smoothed her fingers over her throat ...
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Life Together: The Classic Exploration of Christian Community|The basis of spiritual community is truth, the basis of emotional community is desire.The exclusion of the weak and insignificant, the seemingly useless people, from everyday Christian life in community may actually mean the exclusion of Christ; for in the poor sister or brother, Christ is knocking at the door.
Steve Buyer|Indeed, a major source of objection to a free economy is precisely that it... gives people what they want instead of what a particular group thinks they ought to want. Underlying most arguments against the free market is a lack of belief in freedom itself.
Padma Lakshmi, Love, Loss, and What We Ate: A Memoir|I do not believe any person is born knowing how to be human. Everyone has to learn their letters and everyone has to learn how to be alive.. . . .Maybe it's not a lesson so much as it's a magic trick. You can make a little girl into anything if you say the right words. Take her apart until all that's left is her red, red heart thumping against the world. Stitch her up again real good. Now, maybe you get a woman. If you're lucky. If that's what you were after. Just as easy to end up with a blackbird or a circus bear or a coyote. Or a parrot, just saying what's said to you, doing what's done to you, copying until it comes so natural that even when you're all alone, you keep on cawing __hello, pretty bird__ at the dark.
Suzanne Collins, Gregor and the Code of Claw|And he would put his arms around her and hold her, but he had no idea what to tell her. In his mind, Gregor knew how to kill things, not bring them back ti life.
William Shakespeare, A Midsummer Night's Dream: Readers' Edition|How now, spirit, whither wander you?
Jeannine Garsee, The Unquiet|He paused for a minute and I could feel him trembling. “I love you,” he whispered against my skin and then his teeth, broke through.
George Orwell, Homage to Catalonia|Then one woman looked directly at her husband. "Is our place gone?" "I'm afraid so, girl," he said. "There isn't much left up there. But we're alive. We're all lucky to be alive. We'd have been dead if we'd stayed up above." "Oh, what a mercy we didn't!" she exclaimed. "How lucky we are!" Incredible though it sounds, within a few moments, a whole lot of people were congratulating each other on their extraordinary good fortune in only having lost all their worldy posessions.
Zadie Smith, White Teeth|Love of God thus becomes the dominant passion of life; like every other worth-while love, it demands and inspires sacrifice. But love of God and man, as an ideal, has lately been replaced by the new ideal of tolerance which inspires no sacrifice. Why should any human being in the world be merely tolerated? What man has ever made a sacrifice in the name of tolerance? It leads men, instead, to express their own egotism in a book or a lecture that patronizes the downtrodden group. One of the cruelest things that can happen to a human being is to be tolerated. Never once did Our Lord say, “Tolerate your enemies!” But He did say, “Love your enemies; do good to them that hate you” (Matt. 5:44). Such love can be achieved only if we deliberately curb our fallen nature’s animosities.
Dada Bhagwan|If one does not interfere in the obtained worldly life, then worldly life will run straight forward & smoothly. But one keeps interfering in the obtained worldly life. From the moment he wakes up, he interferes. If there is no interference in the unfolding circumstances one has obtained, then God’s control will prevail, but by interfering one takes over the control himself.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|\“Self-confident people are mindful about spending their time, energy, and interests on things that truly matter.
H. L. Mencken|As long as our government is administered for the good of the people, and is regulated by their will; as long as it secures to us the rights of persons and of property, liberty of conscience and of the press, it will be worth defending.
Jason Fried, ReWork|That the Party did not seek power for its own ends, but only for the good of the majority. That it sought power because men in the mass were frail cowardly creatures who could not endure liberty or face the truth, and must be ruled over and systematically deceived by others who were stronger than themselves. That the choice for mankind lay between freedom and happiness, and that, for the great bulk of mankind, happiness was better.
Adhish Mazumder|Give and share knowledge to the young and brave,For knowledge in this world comes for free,All you need is to keep your ears open, senses unbroken, taste buds ringing and keen eyes to see,Learn and help them learn in your lifetime too,So that like me in peace to the world you might say Adieu.
Rebecca Goldstein, Incompleteness: The Proof and Paradox of Kurt Gödel|No validation of our rationality - of our very sanity - can be accomplished using our rationality itself. How can a person operating within a system of beliefs, including beliefs about beliefs, get outside that system to determine whether it is rational? If your entire system becomes infected with madness, including the very rules by which you reason, then how can you ever reason your way out of your madness?
Henry Fielding, Joseph Andrews|Why, then,' answered the squire, 'I am very sorry you have given him so much learning; for, if he cannot get his living by that, it will rather spoil him for anything else; and your other son, who can hardly write his name, will do more at ploughing and sowing, and is in a better condition, than he.' And indeed so it proved; for the poor lad, not finding friends to maintain him in his learning, as he had expected, and being unwilling to work, fell to drinking, though he was a very sober lad before; and in a short time, partly with grief, and partly with good liquor, fell into a consumption, and died.
Donna Woolfolk Cross, Pope Joan|Richard Wright, a Mississippi-born negro, has written a blinding and corrosive study in hate. It is a novel entitled "Native Son".
Hiroko Sakai|When you paint late at night, drinking beer or wine or both, you gotta be very careful to watch what you are doing...
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Anger makes us lash out at others, destroying relationships and revealing our true nature. The history of the human race is largely the history of its anger.
Tom Robbins, Skinny Legs and All|Mockingbirds are the true artists of the bird kingdom. Which is to say, although they're born with a song of their own, an innate riff that happens to be one of the most versatile of all ornithological expressions, mocking birds aren't content to merely play the hand that is dealt them. Like all artists, they are out to rearrange reality. Innovative, willful, daring, not bound by the rules to which others may blindly adhere, the mockingbird collects snatches of birdsong from this tree and that field, appropriates them, places them in new and unexpected contexts, recreates the world from the world. For example, a mockingbird in South Carolina was heard to blend the songs of thirty-two different kinds of birds into a ten-minute performance, a virtuoso display that serve no practical purpose, falling, therefore, into the realm of pure art.
Matthew Desmond, Evicted: Poverty and Profit in the American City|It was an old tradition: landlords barring children from their properties. In the competitive postwar housing market of the late 1940s, landlords regularly turned away families with children and evicted tenants who got pregnant. This was evident in letters mothers wrote when applying for public housing. “At present,” one wrote, “I am living in an unheated attic room with a one-year-old baby… Everywhere I go the landlords don’t want children. I also have a ten-year-old boy… I can’t keep him with me because the landlady objects to children. Is there any way that you can help me to get an unfurnished room, apartment, or even an old barn?… I can’t go on living like this because I am on the verge of doing something desperate.” Another mother wrote, “My children are now sick and losing weight… I have tried, begged, and pleaded for a place but [it’s] always ‘too late’ or ‘sorry, no children.’ ” Another wrote, “The lady where I am rooming put two of my children out about three weeks ago and don’t want me to let them come back… If I could get a garage I would take it.”When Congress passed the Fair Housing Act in 1968, it did not consider families with children a protected class, allowing landlords to continue openly turning them away or evicting them.
Groucho Marx|It's not worth doing something unless you were doing something that someone, somewhere, would much rather you weren't doing.
Richard Dawkins, The Selfish Gene|Let us try to teach generosity and altruism, because we are born selfish. Let us understand what our own selfish genes are up to, because we may then at least have the chance to upset their designs, something that no other species has ever aspired to do.
H.G. Wells, The Holy Terror|It doesn't follow that a nasty habit of mind is any less nasty because it's ancestral. It doesn't follow you can't cure it. Why scratch fleas for ever? Gambling, speculation, is a social disease. It's as natural and desirable as -- syphilis...
Dennis Lehane, Shutter Island|Theoretically the planet could suddenly crack in half, leaving me on one side and you on the other side, forever and tragically parted, but I’m not worried about that, either. Some things,” Jace said,
Tui T. Sutherland, The Hidden Kingdom|Some experiences are so wonderful, we are like those who dreamed experiencing it. Yet some are beyond amazing when compared to our best experiences we are as though we had been sleeping all the while.
Rafi Zabor|Never allow carping critics to deter you from success. Instead, silence them with it.
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|The city was different back then--poor and crumbling--kept alive only by the gritty determination and steely cynicism of its occupants. But underneath the dirt was the apple-cheeked optimism of possibility, and while she worked, the whole city seemed to throb along with her.
Anup Kochhar, The Failure Project  -The Story Of Man's Greatest Fear|Failure is like flu. It can happen to anyone. Just as it is difficult to find a person who hasn’t had the flu, it is difficult to find someone who has not been stuck by failure at some time.
Vincent Bugliosi|Alas, those six unfortunate souls who have made their way through my books know that every one of them is about Emerson and Thoreau and their dark counters, Melville and Emily Dickinson. Try as I might, I can't get their inspirations, their challenges and sentences and wisdom and questions out of my head.
Martin Heidegger|On the other hand, it is also characteristic of the state of philosophical inquiry today and has been for a long time that, while there has been extensive controversy about whether or not the *a priori* can be known, it has never occurred to the protagonists to ask first what could really have been meant by the fact that a time-determination turns up here and why it must turn up at all. To be sure, as long as we orient ourselves toward the common concept of time we are at an impasse, and negatively it is no less than consistent to deny dogmatically that the *a priori* has anything to do with time. However, time in the sense commonly understood, which is our topic here, is indeed only one derivative, even if legitimate, of the original time, on which the Dasein's ontological constitution is based. *It is only by means of the Temporality of the understanding of Being that it can be explained why the ontological determinations of Being have the character of apriority*. We shall attempt to sketch this briefly, as far as it permits of being done along general lines.We have just seen that all comportment toward beings already understands Being, and not just incidentally: Being must necessarily be understood precursorily (pre-cecently). The possibility of comportment toward beings demands a precursory understanding of Being, and the possibility of the understanding of Being demands in its turn a precursory projection upon time. But where is the final stage of this demand for ever further precursory conditions? It is temporality itself as the basic constitution of the Dasein. Temporality, due to its horizonal-ecstatic nature, makes possible *at once* the understanding of Being and comportment toward beings; therefore, that which does the enabling as well as the enablings themselves, that is, the possibilities in the Kantian sense, are "temporal," that is to say, Temporal, in their specific interconnection. Because the original determinant of possibility, the origin of possibility itself, is time, time temporalizes itself as the absolutely earliest. *Time is earlier than any possible earlier* of whatever sort, because it is the basic condition for an earlier as such. And because time as the source of all enablings (possibilities) is the earliest, all possibilities as such in their possibility-making function have the character of the earlier. That is to say, they are *a priori*. But, from the fact that time is the earliest in the sense of being the possibility of every earlier and of every *a priori* foundational ordering, it does not follow that time is ontically the first being; nor does it follow that time is forever and eternal, quite apart from the impropriety of calling time a being at all.” ―from_The Basic Problems of Phenomenology_
Pat Conroy, The Prince of Tides|Death is ordinary. Behold it, subtract its patterns and lessons from those of the death that weapons bring, and maybe the residue will show what violence is.
Ariel Dorfman|There's great sadness and life doesn't work out like you would want, on a lot of levels, but there's no need to feel all alone. This happens to everybody, so there's no self-pity. This is the ride that humans are on, and all of it is essential for our natural part of it.
Awdhesh Singh, Good and Evil: Two Sides of the Same Coin|Wisdom or accident, at length, recall us from our error, and offers to us some object capable of producing a pleasing, yet lasting effect, which effect, therefore, we call happiness. Happiness has this essential difference from what is commonly called pleasure, that virtue forms its basis, and virtue being the offspring of reason, may be expected to produce uniformity of effect.
E.T.A. Hoffmann, Die Serapions Brüder: Gesammelte Erzählungen Und Märchen In Vier Bänden|There are... otherwise quite decent people who are so dull of nature that they believe that they must attribute the swift flight of fancy to some illness of the psyche, and thus it happens that this or that writer is said to create not other than while imbibing intoxicating drink or that his fantasies are the result of overexcited nerves and resulting fever. But who can fail to know that, while a state of psychical excitement caused by the one or other stimulant may indeed generate some lucky and brilliant ideas, it can never produce a well-founded, substantial work of art that requires the utmost presence of mind.
Bill McKibben, Wandering Home: A Long Walk Across America's Most Hopeful Landscape: Vermont's Champlain Valley and New York's Adirondacks|...trees to cool the towns in the boiling summer, trees to hold back the winter winds. There were so many things a tree could do: add color, provide shade, drop fruit, or become a children's playground, a whole sky universe to climb and hang from; an architecture of food and pleasure, that was a tree. But most of all the trees would distill an icy air for the lungs, and a gentle rustling for the ear when you lay nights in your snowy bed and were gentled to sleep by the sound.
Dave Barry, I'll Mature When I'm Dead: Dave Barry's Amazing Tales of Adulthood|At a national political convention, you have hundreds of people who consider themselves at least as important as the Secretary of Commerce. If it's a Democratic convention, you also have dozens of A-list Hollywood and music celebrities. (If it's a Republican convention, you have Bo Derek.) Also you have swarms of lower-ranking Washington minions with titles like Deputy Assistant to the Associate Deputy Assistant Chief of Staff who are trying to move up the ladder to Deputy Associate to the Assistant Acting Deputy Assistant Understudy.
Anthony Liccione|Did you ever hear the Oriental proverb, "The dogs bark but the caravan passes on"? Let them bark, Scarlett. I fear nothing will stop your caravan.
Sarah Noffke, Stunned|Just having someone there. The right person that you can honestly say you love, and love's you in return is a blessing.
Drew  Hayes, Forging Hephaestus|If vampires were so passionate and depicted as sexy beasts because they fed on life force, why were zombies not depicted as the scholars of the coterie world?
Damon Galgut, Arctic Summer|All of them would understand, as he did now, that he had crossed a line in himself, he had left their world behind, the decent world of tea parties and suburban witticisms.
Inio Asano, Solanin|I know you worry that you experience the world differently than regular people. But.. No two people ever view the world from exactly the same perspective, understand things the same way, human or not. The best... The best... The best we can ever do is try.
Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra|It is easy to display a wound, the proud scars of combat. It is hard to show a pimple
Chinonye J. Chidolue|Life is serious, motherhood should be fun.
Auliq Ice|Victory is not possible, if one doesn't learn from the past and mistakes made.
Nina G. Jones, Strapped|When we arrive on our floor we head to our rooms, politely bidding each other goodnight. Just as I am about to enter mine, I remember I have his jacket. I can use this to have just one more moment with him tonight. I knock on his door, his lips slightly open when he sees me on the other side.“You forgot your jacket.” It is still on my shoulders. I turn around to offer it up to him.“Thank you Shy,” As he says this he takes both of his hands, grabbing each shoulder of the jacket and oh so slowly pulls it off of me, grazing my bare arms and back as he pulls it off. I close my eyes taking in his touch. Each caress of his fingertips feels like one thousand little sparks. How can just the faintest touch from this man set me off like this? Please kiss me. Kiss my neck. I won’t say no. I hold my position for a second more than I should, but it feels so tortuously long. There is nothing, not another touch, not a kiss. I turn to face him again and bid him goodnight. His face looks sad, almost guilty. Every word, every touch, every action tonight was an implication. This keeps us safe from one another. It keeps me safe from him.“Goodnight Shy,” he says as if dismissing me from his presence.“Goodnight Taylor.
Derrick Jensen, A Language Older Than Words|Amongst all the virtues, high awareness is the most precious one!
Thornton Wilder, The Bridge of San Luis Rey|When I pass, speak freely of my shortcomings and my flaws. Learn from them, for I'll have no ego to injure.
Edward Rutherfurd, New York|My son's mother, the girl I fell in love with when I was ten, died five years ago. I expect to join her soon, at least in that. Tomorrow. Or the next day. Of that I am convinced. I thought it would be strange to live in the world without her in it. And yet. I'd gotten used to living with her memory a long time ago. Only at the very end did I see her again. I snuck into her room in the hospital and sat with her every day.
Leo Tolstoy|Natasha, in her lilac silk dress trimmed with black lace walked, as women can walk, with the more repose and stateliness the greater the pain and shame in her soul.
Sarah Bessey, Jesus Feminist: An Invitation to Revisit the Bible’s View of Women|You are lucky, Renisenb. You have found the happiness that is inside everybody's own heart. To most women, happiness means coming and going, busied over small affairs. It is care for one's children and laughter and conversation and quarrels with other women and alternate love and anger with a man. It is made up of small things strung together like beads on a string.
F.T. McKinstry, Water Dark|Cats do not hunt seals. They would hunt them if they knew what seals and where to find them. But they do not know, so it's okay.
Ron Leshem, Beaufort|He would not now conduct little Nell to the coast; he would not convey her by a steamer to Port Said, would not surrender her to Mr. Rawlinson; he himself would not fall into his father's arms and would not hear from his lips that he had acted like a true Pole! The end, the end! In a few days the sun would shine only upon the lifeless bodies and afterwards would dry them up into a semblance of those mummies which slumber in an eternal sleep in the museums in Egypt
Donna Grant, Fire Rising|In the end, bless the darkness, hold the light, because the two aren't divisible.
Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power|In every crisis, doubt or confusion, take the higher path - the path of compassion, courage, understanding and love.
Wyndham Lewis|Peace is not the product of a victory or a command. It has no finishing line, no final deadline, no fixed definition of achievement. Peace is a never-ending process, the work of many decisions.
Stephanie Witter, Patch Up|I'm gonna take you right here on this table, Scar, so every time you're sitting here working, all you'll be able to think about is coming apart on my mouth.
Booth Tarkington, The Magnificent Ambersons|Right, my phone. When these things first appeared, they were so cool. Only when it was too late did people realize they are as cool as electronic tags on remand prisoners.
Michael Ignatieff|I think in any situation, so much of effective leadership is when it comes from your own personality. And I feel very fortunate to be comfortable in the Colts locker room, where people can be who they are, and they don't have to change it when they show up to work that day.
Ben Aaronovitch, Midnight Riot|Could it have been anyone, or was it destiny? When I'm considering this I find it helpful to quote the wisdom of my father, who once told me, "Who knows why the fuck anything happens?
Barbara Browning|Take what you see on TV, mix in a guy who's turned 30 and still doesn't have a job, throw in some Uncle Remus stories and add a few flies in amber and you have America.
Eckhart Tolle|Land is the secure ground of home, the sea is like life, the outside, the unknown.
Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera|It was inevitable: the scent of bitter almonds always reminded him of the fate of unrequited love. Dr. Juvenal Urbino noticed is as soon as he entered the still darkened house where he has hurried on an urgent call to attend a case that for him had lost all urgency many years before. The Antillean refugee Jeremiah de Saint-Amour, disabled war veteran, photographer of children, and his most sympathetic opponent in chess, had escaped the torments of memory with the aromatic fumes of gold cyanide.
Maurice Sendak|[There are] games children must conjure up to combat an awful fact of childhood: the fact of their vulnerability to fear, anger, hate and frustration - all the emotions that are an ordinary part of their lives and that they can perceive only as as ungovernable and dangerous forces. To master these forces, children turn to fantasy: that imagined world where disturbing emotional situations are solved to their satisfaction.
Stephen Colbert|My own idea, for what it is worth, is that all sadness which is not either arising from the repentance of a concrete sin and hastening towards concrete amendment or restitution, or else arising from pity and hastening to active assistance, is simply bad; and I think we all sin by needlessly disobeying the apostolic injunction to 'rejoice' as much as by anything else.Humility, after the first shock, is a cheerful virtue.
Vladimir Nabokov|I mean, I have the feeling that something in my mind is poisoning everything else.
Jennifer E. Smith, You Are Here|There are certain things in life that you'll be forgiven for, no matter how thoughtless or stupid or reckless, but if you do that same thing twice, you're on your own.
Harriet Evans, Happily Ever After|Which one of us has never felt, walking through the twilight or writing down a date from his past, that he has lost something infinite?
Oscar Fernandes|For that again, is what all manner of religion essentially is: childish dependency.
Jane Austen, Persuasion|Her [Mrs Croft's] manners were open, easy, and decided, like one who had no distrust of herself, and no doubts of what to do; without any approach to coarseness, however, or any want of good humour. Anne gave her credit, indeed, for feelings of great consideration towards herself, in all that related to Kellynch; and it pleased her.
Alain de Botton, The Course of Love|Marriage: a hopeful, generous, infinitely kind gamble taken by two people who don't know yet who they are or who the other might be, binding themselves to a future they cannot conceive of and have carefully omitted to investigate.
Anthony M. Esolen|As the Great Magician says, there will always be trouble in the world. That’s why I say, there will always be a time for heroes.
Eric Spitznagel, Old Records Never Die: One Man's Quest for His Vinyl and His Past|... nostalgia was once thought to be a mental illness or a physical affliction; for me, it was both.
Scott Hastie|Every moment that we live our life, we live for the moment and then the moment dies.
Joe McNally, The Moment It Clicks: Photography Secrets from One of the World's Top Shooters|In an initial period, Photography, in order to surprise, photographs the notable; but soon, by a familiar reversal, it decrees notable whatever it photographs. The 'anything whatever' then becomes the sophisticated acme of value.
Laurent Baheux|You don't really get to witness what athletes go through. Like, the sacrifices and stuff like that. It's by far the most amazing, beautiful thing.
Iain M. Banks, The Algebraist|Listen, everything is possible in here. You can burn every spinning wheel in the kingdom. You can cut your hair before he ever gets the chance to climb up. It is possible to decline the beanstalk. You can let the old witch dance at your wedding, hand out the kind of forgiveness that would wake the dead and sleeping. You can just walk away, get on a horse, and go wake some other maiden from her narrative coffin, if you’re brave, if you’re strong. What do you want? Do you want to escape? Or were you looking for that candy house?
Walter Wangerin Jr., As For Me And My House: Crafting Your Marriage To Last|Mutuality is accomplished by two whole persons; and if each partner truly intends to be but the fraction of a relationship (thinking my whole makes up half of us) he or she will soon discover that these halves do not fit perfectly together. The mathematics can work only if each subtracts something of himself or herself, shears it off, and lays it aside forever. There will come, then, a moment of shock when one spouse realizes, ‘you won’t want the whole of me? Not the whole of me, but only a part of me, makes up the whole of us?” P 45
Jocelyn Gibb, Light on C. S. Lewis|What I think is true is that at a certain stage in his life, he deliberately ceased to take any interest in himself except as a kind of spiritual alumnus taking his moral finals...Self-knowledge for him had come to mean recognition of his own weakness and shortcomings and nothing more. Anything beyond that he sharply suspected, both in himself and in others, as a symptom of spiritual megalomania. At best, there was so much else, in letters and in life, that he found much more interesting than himself.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|You have to travel to see new light, find new hope, renew the mind and revitalize the soul.
Robert Goolrick, The End of the World as We Know It: Scenes from a Life|I know that it's easier to look at death than it is to look at pain, because while death is irrevocable, and the grief will lessen in time, pain is too often merely relentless and irreversible.
Sarah Dessen, The Moon and More|The thing is, you can’t always have the best of everything. Because for a life to be real, you need it all: good and bad, beach and concrete, the familiar and the unknown, big talkers and small towns.
Daniel J. Levitin, The Organized Mind: Thinking Straight in the Age of Information Overload|The War on Drugs, from the Hastings-facing window of the PortlandHotel, is manifested in the pregnant Celia kneeling on the sidewalk,handcuffed wrists behind her back, eyes cast on the ground. Therewas no Detective-Sergeant Gillespie to protect her when, as a littlegirl, she was raped by her stepfather and subjected to the nocturnalspitting ritual, so in the War on Drugs she has become one of theenemy.
John Sutherland|The American critic Dale Peck, author of Hatchet Jobs (2004), argues that reviewing finds its true character in critical GBH such as Fischer's [review of Martin Amis's Yellow Dog]. It represents a return to the prehistoric origins of reviewing in Zoilism - a kind of pelting of pretentious literature with dung, lest the writers get above themselves; it is to the novelist what the gown of humiliation was to the Roman politician - a salutary ordeal. Less grandly, bad reviews are fun, so long as you are not the author. There is, it must be admitted, a kind of furtive blood sport pleasure in seeing a novelist suffer. You read on. Whereas most of us stop reading at the first use of the word 'splendid' or 'marvellous' in a review.
Kristen Luciani|As he started making a pot of coffee he glanced out his kitchen window and into his neighbor’s window and froze. He had the perfect view of his new neighbor. She was beautiful. Scratch that. The word didn’t even come close to describing her.She didn’t seem very tall, though it was hard to measure. Her dark wavy hair cascaded down over her shoulders, reaching just below her breasts. Very full breasts. Definitely enough to fill his palms. And the tight tank top she was wearing left very little to the imagination. It was obvious she’d just woken up as she rubbed a hand over her face and reached for the coffee pot. Look away, he ordered himself. But he was rooted to the spot.
Sofia Richie|Some people are cool with the fact that their bodies bear witness to this great thing they produced, their children, and I understand that. But on a personal level, it makes me feel better that my breasts are not down to my knees when I'm undressed in front of my husband.
Jean Elson, Gross Misbehavior and Wickedness: A Notorious Divorce in Early Twentieth-Century America|As a hedge against possible failure to prove adultery, this alleged “that for a period of time from 1901 and continuing thereafter he [had] kept up and continued an undue, improper, indecorous and licentious association and intimacy with a woman, named Mabel Cochrane, many years his junior, and of questionable character and immoral habits.”[i] Furthermore, Nina accused James of “bestowing upon and receiving marked and improper attention” beginning in the fall of 1901, “indulging in undue and improper familiarity and intimacy” with Mabel Cochrane.
Hal Zina Bennett|The effect your readers want is for what they read to trigger in them the sights and sounds and smells of what's happening in the story. They don't want approximations, they don't want a report, they want to experience the story's reality.
Timothy Padayachee|Choose forgiveness not revenge , choose unity in diversity , choose equality and seeing everyone's value , choose to love even if undeserved , choose life even when you feel like it's out of reach ,choose to have hope when the circumstances might scream despair, choose according to His word and not what people would prefer. ‪#‎chooseHisway‬
Catullus, Selections From Catullus: Translated into English verse with an Introduction on the theory of Translation|Come boy, and pour for me a cupOf old Falernian. Fill it upWith wine, strong, sparkling, bright, and clear;Our host decrees no water here.Let dullards drink the Nymph's pale brew,The sluggish thin their blood with dew.For such pale stuff we have no use;For us the purple grape's rich juice.Begone, ye chilling water sprite;Here burning Bacchus rules tonight!
J. Sheridan Le Fanu, Uncle Silas|I had first thought of Milly's absurdities, to which, in description, I cannot do justice, simply because so many details have, by distance of time, escaped my recollection. But her ways and her talk were so indescribably grotesque that she made me again and again quiver with suppressed laughter. But there was a pitiable and even a melancholy meaning underlying the burlesque. This creature, with no more education than a dairy-maid, I gradually discovered had fine natural aptitudes for accomplishment - a very sweet voice, and wonderfully delicate ear, and a talent for drawing which quite threw mine into the shade. It was really astonishing.
Lailah Gifty Akita|How could I fall asleep, when I love the pleasure of reading and writing at night?
Maharishi Sadasiva Isham, Ascension!: An Analysis of the Art of Ascension as Taught by the Ishayas|If I never shed a tear or wondered what happened to someone I actually loved, what makes you believe I'd think twice about you, someone I never even cared for?
Sarah Addison Allen|We decided to become a society of women, a club to make sure women were protected. The club was something important back then. Not like it is today.
Barack Obama|If you are truly serious abut preparing your child for the future, don't teach him to subtract teach him to deduct.
Raymond Carver|When you live in the dark for so long, you begin to love it. And it loves you back, and isn’t that the point? You think, the face turns to the shadows, and just as well. It accepts, it heals, it allows.But it also devours.
James A. Michener|No sane local official who has hung up an empty stocking over the municipal fireplace, is going to shoot Santa Claus just before a hard Christmas.
Jean Cocteau, The Holy Terrors|A child's reaction to this type of calamity is twofold and extreme. Not knowing how deeply, powerfully, life drops anchor into its vast sources of recuperation, he is bound to envisage, at once, the very worst; yet at the same time, because of his inability to imagine death, the worst remains totally unreal to him. Gerard went on repeating: "Paul's dying; Paul's going to die"' but he did not believe it. Paul's death would be part of the dream, a dream of snow, of journeying forever.
Bohdi Sanders, Martial Arts Wisdom: Quotes, Maxims, and Stories for Martial Artists and Warriors|Focus on making yourself better, not thinking you are better.
Unknown|A man who has HEALTH has a thousand dreams, but a man without HEALTH has only one.
Robert Uttaro, To the Survivors: One Man's Journey as a Rape Crisis Counselor with True Stories of Sexual Violence|An engaging examination of a painful subject, with a focus on healing and forgiveness. - Kirkus Review
Sharon Salzberg, A Heart as Wide as the World: Stories on the Path of Lovingkindness|Meditation is a cyclical process that defies analysis, but demands acceptance.
Charlotte M. Mason, School Education: Developing A Curriculum|The question is not, -- how much does the youth know? when he has finished his education -- but how much does he care? and about how many orders of things does he care? In fact, how large is the room in which he finds his feet set? and, therefore, how full is the life he has before him?
J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye|That's what they should teach us here. How girls' brains work... It would be more useful than divination, anyway...
Rosenna Bakari|Society gives the image of sexual violators as weird, ugly, anti-social, alcoholics. Society gives the impression that violators kidnap children are out of their homes and take them to some wooded area and abandon them after the violation. Society gives the impression that everyone hates people who violate children. If all of these myths were true, healing would not be as challenging as it is. Half of our healing is about the actual abuse. The other half is about how survivors fit into society in the face of the myths that people hold in order to make themselves feel safe. The truth is that 80% of childhood sexual abuse is perpetrated by family members. Yet we rarely hear the word “incest”. The word is too ugly and the truth is too scary. Think about what would happen if we ran a campaign to end incest instead of childhood sexual abuse. The number one place that children should know they are safe is in their homes. As it stands, as long as violators keep sexual abuse within the family, the chances of repercussion by anyone is pretty low. Wives won’t leave violating husbands, mothers won’t kick their violating children out of the home, and violating grandparents still get invited to holiday dinners. It is time to start cleaning house. If we stop incest first, then we will strengthen our cause against all sexual abuse.
Tom Robbins, Jitterbug Perfume|Our individuality is all, all, that we have. There are those who barter it for security, those who repress it for what they believe is the betterment of the whole society, but blessed in the twinkle of the morning star is the one who nurtures it and rides it in, in grace and love and wit, from peculiar station to peculiar station along life's bittersweet route.
Belsebuub|There is a greater purpose to living which is found in the spirit, which is the Being, and that purpose is worth living for.
Kamand Kojouri|I'm not here to grant you the extraordinary love you never had for yourself. I'm here, on my own accord, to love you. So that when you stare into my mirror eyes, you may see how extraordinary you are.
Keith Kekic, Nightwalkers|I sleep with the lights on now. Not because I’m afraid of the dark, but because I like to keep the night as far away as I can.
Meek Mill|I think we all attract troublemakers; I don't think it's particularly about anyone. I had it actually as an album title, and I thought it would be really cool to write a song about a girl that's a bit of troublemaker.
Caroline Knapp, Appetites: Why Women Want|In one of the largest surveys of its kind to date, nearly 30,000 women told researchers at the University of Cincinnati College of Medicine that they'd rather lose weight than attain any other goal, a figure that alone suggests just how complicated the issue of appetite can be for women. This is the primary female striving? The appetite to lose appetite?In fact, I suspect the opposite is true: that the primary, underlying striving among many women at the start of the millennium is the appetite for appetite: a longing to feel safe and secure enough to name one's true appetites and worthy and powerful enough to get them satisfied.
Beth Kephart|Step out from behind the words. When you're a writer you can imagine that the words speak for you and are you, but they're not. You are this living breathing bad hair day kind of person.
David Sedaris, Let's Explore Diabetes with Owls|To catch the bad guys, you've got to think like a bad guy - and that's why all the best detectives have a dark side...
Elizabeth Berg|There are moments when we think nature happens just for us, and there are other moments when the ridiculousness of that notion is revealed.
Tamora Pierce, Alanna: The First Adventure|Well, laddie, if you've let an old buzzard like me hurt you confidence, you couldn't have had much in the first place.
oladosu feyikogbon|If beheading is the medicine of headache, no man can live; why cant you find the real way out?
Arjun Rampal|There is always the danger that we may just do the work for the sake of the work. This is where the respect and the love and the devotion come in - that we do it to God, to Christ, and that's why we try to do it as beautifully as possible.
Shirin Ebadi|I wanted to be a journalist, I thought it was glamorous and that I'd meet beautiful women in the rain.
Chinonye J. Chidolue|Others can't always define your true identity. They see what they 'want' to see but beyond your mess, God sees the beauty He created and still thinks it's good!
Mehmet Murat ildan|But resiliency only means that a thing retains its shape. That it doesn’t break, or lose its ability to function. It doesn’t mean a child forgets the time she shared in the backyard with her mother gardening, or the fun they had together watching Bedknobs and Broomsticks at the Astro. It just means she learns to bear it. The mechanism that allowed Lisa Sample to keep her head above water in the wake of her mother’s departure has not been described or cataloged by scientists. It’s efficient, and flexible, and probably transferable from one person to another should they catch the scent on each other. But the rest of the details about it aren’t observable from the outside. You have to be closer than you really want to get to see how it works.
A.A. Milne|Today is the first day in history.-One of Nathan's Daily GemsFrom the 'Book Store ON Main Street'Seal Beach, CA
Julien Smith, The Flinch|You can change the world again, instead of protecting yourself from it.
Maya Lin|War, I have always said, forces men to change their standards, regardless of whether their country has won or lost.
Laurell K. Hamilton|Find the good. It's all around you. Find it, showcase it and you'll start believing in it.
Brandon Mull, The Candy Shop War|In our hyper-secular world, worship is still inevitable. But it is vital to remember that our gods don't choose us, we choose them.
Peter David, Tigerheart|That was when it was all made painfully clear to me. When you are a child, there is joy. There is laughter. And most of all, there is trust. Trust in your fellows. When you are an adult...then comes suspicion, hatred, and fear. If children ran the world, it would be a place of eternal bliss and cheer. Adults run the world; and there is war, and enmity, and destruction unending. Adults who take charge of things muck them up, and then produce a new generation of children and say, "The children are the hope of the future." And they are right. Children are the hope of the future. But adults are the damnation of the present, and children become adults as surely as adults become worm food. Adults are the death of hope.
Aeschylus, Agamemnon|For Ares, lord of strife,	Who doth the swaying scales of battle hold,	 War’s money-changer, giving dust for gold,	 Sends back, to hearts that held them dear,	Scant ash of warriors, wept with many a tear,	Light to the hand, but heavy to the soul;	  Yea, fills the light urn full	 With what survived the flame—	Death’s dusty measure of a hero’s frame!
Aishwarya Shiva Pareek|When you get more middle fingers than thumbs up, it's a progress.
Ellen J. Barrier|It was as if some great ocean of destruction had rolled its unyielding tide through the city and then, upon its terrible recession, left behind only a shoreline of concrete sand and crushed humanity.
T.S. Eliot, East Coker|Do not let me hearOf the wisdom of old men, but rather of their folly,Their fear of fear and frenzy, their fear of possession,Of belonging to another, or to others, or to God.
Rachel Klein, The Moth Diaries|If I know something, I am not a victim. Victims don't know the meaning of their suffering. I am an enemy or a collaborator, not a victim.
Christopher Hopper|I gave you all my secrets, and you lost them all. You lost a lot of things.But the treasure of it was in the giving, not the keeping.
Antonio Negri, Impero|Jez had gone from an evil twin to a sweet, even angelic, girl, all in less than a minute.
Alexandra May, Ethandun|There is no greater will on earth than the will to survive. These fine people, answering my father's call to arms, had the will in spades and droves. - Lord Tristan Dracanburh, Ethandun
Scott Westerfeld, Uglies|Understanding people’s difficulties and—just as crucial—helping people understand their own difficulties and teaching them concrete ways to help themselves will help them better deal with their own lives and, in turn, ours.
Carey McWilliams|Ever reviled, accursed, ne'er understood,Thou art the grisly terror of our age."Wreck of all order," cry the multitude,"Art thou, & war & murder's endless rage."0, let them cry. To them that ne'er have strivenThe 'truth that lies behind a word to find, To them the word's right meaning was not given.They shall continue blind among the blind.But thou, O word, so clear, so strong, so true,Thou sayest all which I for goal have taken.I give thee to the future! Thine secureWhen each at least unto himself shall waken.Comes it in sunshine? In the tempest's thrill?I cannot tell - but it the earth shall see!I am an Anarchist! Wherefore I willNot rule, & also ruled I will not be!
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|A real Woman has the Spirit of Discernment, she's a critical thinker
Millicent Ashby|I keep going;I keep writing because I know something good will happen, and I want to see it when it happens.
Fozia Malik|Do what is right,not easy or popular.
J.K. Rowling|If you don’t like to read, you haven’t found the right book.
Katerina Whitley|Love is patient, love is kind and is not jealous; love does not brag and is not arrogant, does not act unbecomingly; it does not seek its own, is not provoked, does not take into account a wrong suffered, does not rejoice in unrighteousness, but rejoices with the truth; bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things. Love never fails;...
Caroline George, The Vestige|I am strong and human with a mouth that works like a man’s and a more intelligible brain, and I demand to be heard.
Martha Heller, Be the Business: CIOs in the New Eras of IT|As a CIO, you are the first to step into traffic, to stand alone during a period of change before people come on board. That takes personal courage...Traditionally, in IT, we like to please. But IT is not a popularity contest; it's a reality show where we often have to deliver tough information...Being a CIO means having the courage not to cut corners to please a stakeholder and delivering the hard message that this is not a risk we're willing to take.
Elvis Costello|I could say it was the nights when I was lonelyand you were the only one who'd talk.I could tell you that I like your sensitivity,when you know it's the way that you walk.
Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse|That is correct," Zeus said. "The blood of Olympus was spilled. She is fully conscious.""Oh, come on!" Percy complained. "I get a little nosebleed and I wake up the entire earth? That's not fair!
Yasmin Tirado-Chiodini, Antonio's Will|All Americans were immigrants at one point or another,” he explained in his letters to his parents. Even his father Manuel migrated to Puerto Rico. Manuel was deemed a Peninsular, an immigrant from Spain, and sometimes even the Puerto Rican-born, the criollos, resented the Spanish-born newcomers. Manuel was familiar with being singled out, although not quite as much as Antonio felt while in New York. “It is amazing how people tend to forget their past,” Antonio wrote to his parents, surprised. “I recall what you told me about Maestro Rafael, Papá, when he said to you ‘never forget your history.
Junior Isaac|We live this life, full of agony, despair,and pain. Living day by day, having no clue of what will happen, after a second, a minute, an hour, and a year.. Will we die of despair? Or will we find that person who completes our life and enlightens our hearts?
H.G. Wells|If you fell down yesterday, stand up today.
Cornelius Van Til|Of making many books there is no end, and much study wearies the body.
Ellen Key|There's no ex out there who I'm not friends with today, and I'm extremely thankful for that.
David Harewood|I was a little boy singing sad songs, about 9 or 10 years old in the woods. I listened to my voice coming back to me. It was as high as you could go. I dreamed of being famous as a singer when I was on those cotton fields. I wanted to see the world and meet people.
Abhijit Naskar, Illusion of Religion: A Treatise on Religious Fundamentalism|Whether you call yourself a Christian, a Jew, a Muslim, a Hindu or an Atheist, if you have kindness in your heart and compassion in your act, you are on the right path of religion.
Auliq Ice|I always looked for someone who can appreciate my feelings, to understand me and above all feel very happy to have my love, it took me years to find you but today I feel happier than ever.
Miriam Gurko, The Ladies of Seneca Falls: the Birth of the Women's Rights Movement|[Giving context to how radical bloomers as an article of clothing were at the time]"The women shall not wear that which pertaineth unto a man, neither shall a man put on a woman's garment: for all that do so are abomination unto the Lord they God." - Deutronomy 22:5
Susane Colasanti, Something Like Fate|Rien ne va arrêter ma quête pour te trouver" No one will stop my quest to find you.
A.C. Gaughen, Scarlet|There are poor men out there. And rich ones. Rich men never wait for nothing, so why would they be good? Good men are poor, because they have to count on others' kindnesses.
Debasish Mridha M.D.|What you work for, you will receive.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|There is no greater heaven than the heart of a loving motherShe takes care of you when you are still in her womb.She nurtures you after you are born.She hurts when you fall,She celebrates when you make your first steps.She is the only person who genuinely cares about you.She loves you as she loves herself.Her heart is your true paradise.I love you mama.
Chris Christie|This is what I learned: that everybody is talented, original and has something important to say.
Jane Austen, Persuasion|It would be most right, and most wise, and, therefore must involve least suffering.
Terry Pratchett, Wyrd Sisters|It is true that words have power, and one of the things they are able to do is get out of someone's mouth before the speaker has the chance to stop them.
Peter Handke, Repetition|What I had experienced at the age of twenty was not yet a memory. And memory meant not that what-had-been recurring, but that what-had-been situated itself by recurring. If I remembered, I knew that an experience was thus and so, exactly thus; in being remembered, it first became known to me, nameable, voiced, speakable; accordingly I look on memory as more than haphazard thinking back - as work; the work of memory situates experience in a sequence that keeps it alive, a story which can open out into free storytelling, greater life, invention.
Jimmy Cliff|My imagination completely controls me, and forever feeds the fire that burns with dark red light in my heart by bringing me the best dreams. I've always had a wild imagination, a big heart and a tortured soul so I feel that dark fantasy, love and horror are in my blood.
Celeste Carrara, Give Me Forever|I never thought I had a soul, but in that moment when our eyes met and our hands touched in greeting, my soul screamed for joy.
Studs Terkel|There is no excuse for perjury - never, never, never. There is truth, and the truth demands respect.
James N. Frey, How to Write a Damn Good Novel: A Step-by-Step No Nonsense Guide to Dramatic Storytelling|Writer's block is real. It happens. Some days you sit down at theold typewriter, put your fingers on the keys, and nothing popsinto your head. Blanko. Nada. El nothingissimo. What you dowhen this happens is what separates you from the one-of-thesedays-I'm-gonna-write-a-book crowd.
Clement of Alexandria|I recall Decimus instructing me while at work that wrong friends will make my heart yearn for sin more than it usually does. Compromises will be easier and wisdom will be replaced with folly. I just figured that they didn’t know him, and therefore were judging him. Plus, I told them that Erebus …was interested in becoming a Christian, and that was the basis of our friendship. My biggest mistake was when I told John that Jesus spent time with sinners far worse than Erebus. ‘Oh foolishness, you forget I was with Jesus when he was in the homes and company of sinners,’ John chided. ‘Jesus did not come to make friends, but to call sinners to repent. Do that long enough and let’s see how many friends you pick up…His visits were hardly a social call…He did not save any lost soul by living like that lost soul…until Erebus sees Christ in you, you are guilty of leading him astray as I’m afraid he is leading you astray...As I see it, friendships are grown when you are all going in the same direction, and can help, encourage and protect all involved. Friendships are not to be reckless, but constructive and purposeful where you are building each other up and improving each other’s character. If this isn’t that inner, guiding principle of all the friends you hold, then in what direction is it actually going, and what good will be derived from it? If friends are not making each other better, then they’re fulfilling the role of our spiritual enemy by tearing down what is good and ruining what had potential……
Alonzo Mourning|No memory is ever alone; it's at the end of a trail of memories, a dozen trails that each have their own associations.
Cherie Carter-Scott|Anger makes you smaller, while forgiveness forces you to grow beyond what you are.
Jemmy Wiratama|We Live Must Have A Dream , But Doesn't Means Life Is Just A Dream.
John Holt, Teach Your Own: The John Holt Book Of Homeschooling|It's a most serious mistake to think that learning is an activity separate from the rest of life, that people do it best when they are not doing anything else and best of all in places where nothing else is done. p.278
J.P. Delaney, The Girl Before|But I know he loves me. I know he needs our games, that they answer some deep-seated hunger in him.
Tavi Gevinson|I get kind of sad when I look at all of my magazines and think about how at one time I was much more impressed with a certain fashion editorial, or how I feel like I can't really relate to being that excited about fashion anymore. Maybe it's being jaded, but I honestly like that now, when something's really good, I feel more affected by it.
Lynn A. Robinson, Divine Intuition: Your Inner Guide to Purpose, Peace, and Prosperity, Revised and Updated|Would you rather be right, or would you rather be happy?
Sam Harris, Waking Up: A Guide to Spirituality Without Religion|Now that I think I know what I'm doing, I'm scared. Before this, I just didn't know any better.
Michael Franti|I was born with music inside me. Music was one of my parts. Like my ribs, my kidneys, my liver, my heart. Like my blood. It was a force already within me when I arrived on the scene. It was a necessity for me - like food or water.
Levitt/Dubner, SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling, Patriotic Prostitutes And Why Suicide Bombers Should Buy Life Insurance|The delicate balance between these factors helps explain why, for instance, the typical prostitute earns more than the typical architect. It may not seem as though she should. The architect would appear tobe more skilled (as the word is usually defined) and better educated (again, as usually defined). But little girls don’t grow up dreaming of becoming prostitutes, so the supply of potential prostitutes is relatively small. Their skills, while not necessarily “specialized,” are practiced in a very specialized context. The job is unpleasant and forbidding in at least two significant ways: the likelihood of violence and the lost opportunity of having a stable family life. As for demand? Let’s just say that an architect is more likely to hire a prostitute than vice versa.
Thomas Carlyle|All that Mankind has done, thought, gained or been is lying as in magic preservation in the pages of Books. They are the chosen possession of men.
Tasha Smith|If you're truthful with yourself and others, forgiveness clears the path to righteousness, to grace. All we want is grace. We all want that light in our lives. And we can only get that when we go deep into truth.
Jacob Weisberg|With the development of the printing press, not only could text be mass-produced quickly, it could also be mass-produced quickly and incorrectly.
William  Boyd, Restless|Maybe we should go by tube', he said.A taxi'll come', she said. 'I'm in no hurry'.She remembered something a woman in Paris had told her once. A woman in her forties, much married, elegant, a little world-weary. There is nothing easier in this world, this woman had claimed, than getting a man to kiss you. Oh really? Eva had said, so how do you do that? Just stand close to a man, the woman has said, very close, as close as you can without touching - he will kiss you in one minute or two. It's inevitable. For them it's like an instinct - they can't resist. Infaillible.So Eva stood close to Romer in the doorway of the shop on Frith Street as he shooted and waved at the passing cars moving down the dark street, hoping one of them might be a taxi.We're out of luck', he said, turning, to find Eva standing very close to him, her face lifted.I'm in no hurry', she said.He reached for her and kissed her.
Shannon Messenger, Let the Sky Fall|There were eleven votes for "guilty." It's not easy for me to raise my hand and send a boy off to die without talking about it first.
Blake Lively|Being on a trapeze is like dreaming. I feel totally outside of myself when I'm flying. You know, designing shoes, my imagination is flying in my drawings.
Ty Segall|I love to perform, to give glory to God with my own brand of funky gospel music. I think it's my mission to show people that God, that Jesus, can be cool.
Elizabeth von Arnim, Father|Never expect appreciation for your hard work. Just continue, it will take you to the top.
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|Why is it we want so badly to memorialize ourselves? Even while we're still alive. We wish to assert our existence, like dogs peeing on fire hydrants. We put on display our framed photographs, our parchment diplomas, our silver-plated cups; we monogram our linen, we carve our names on trees, we scrawl them on washroom walls. It's all the same impulse. What do we hope from it? Applause, envy, respect? Or simply attention, of any kind we can get?At the very least we want a witness. We can't stand the idea of our own voices falling silent finally, like a radio running down.
Elie Wiesel|I know it's very idealistic and utopian, but I believe we need to just let everyone not be judged in terms of religion, groups or nations or region.
Roshani Chokshi, The Star-Touched Queen|My joy was ghostly, like something not quite realized.
Maureen F. McHugh, After the Apocalypse|And for another person to come along side us on our journey - for two messy, broken people to come together and say “I know your faults, I know you’re going to do some things I hate, I know the person you are now is not the person you want to be. However, I know the person you could become and I want to help you get there.” That’s what it’s all about.
Muhammad al-Tirmidhi|disagreement based on LEGITIMATE IJTIHAD which does not create DISCORD or DISUNITY is a BLESSING for the UMMAH and an enrichment of ISLAMIC JURISPRUDENCE. Objective disagreement in itself poses no threat if it is coupled with TOLERANCE and is free of FANATICISM, ACCUSATIONS, and NARROW-MINDEDNESS.
Harry Connick, Jr.|If I am capable of grasping God objectively, I do not believe, but precisely because I cannot do this I must believe.
Dave Barry|No, not at all. I’m an atheist. You could say that I’m agnostic, but that’s just a certain kind of atheist (laughs). An atheist is someone who lacks a belief in a supernatural, and that’s me. I can’t say with absolute certainty that there is nothing beyond the material world, but there’s no reason for me to think there is. If I were a gambling man I would put all my money on there not being anything other than this universe.
Thomas Browne, Religio Medici|Ask your wife for forgiveness, even when you’re right.
Veronica Roth, Four: A Divergent Story Collection|Intentions are the only thing they care about. They try to make you think they care about what you do, but they don't. They don't want you to act a certain way, they want you to think a certain way. So you're easy to understand. So you wont pose a threat to them.
M.K. Clinton, The Returns|If believing were simple, then this world wouldn’t be in the mess that it is today.
Mario Andretti|Barcelona is one of the best cities in the world. I love it there. I love Big Sur. It's stunning and you get a therapeutic experience there. The drive up the coast is one of the most beautiful I've ever done. Also, Hong Kong. I could easily live there!
Terry Pratchett|Everybody has somebody. It could be a friend, a lover, a spouse, a writing partner, or even That One Person You See At The Coffee Shop each day. Sometimes they exist to comfort you. Sometimes they exist to drive you absolutely mad. Be open to either as a form of self-improvement.
Pauline Kael|If you turn a smiling face on the world, you've got a chance of finishing up a good-looking old person.
Sufjan Stevens|The problem with digital architecture is that an algorithm can produce endless variations, so an architect has many choices.
Kristen Henderson, Drum Machine|what if there was an uncanny moment when all the birds were grounded from Cape Town to Juneau, and everywhere between--all feathers frozen in a universal stutter, so quick as to make a snail of light, and even Stephen Hawking's mind would miss it?
M. Robert Randolph|Stories are like islands, go out exploring and you're bound to get lost fantastically.
Mike Peters|If you say, I'm for equal pay, that's a reform. But if you say. I'm a feminist, that's a transformation of society.
Hunter S. Thompson|For every moment of triumph, for every instance of beauty, many souls must be trampled.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you believe in your abilities, it will amaze you what you can accomplish.
Laura Dern|First developed as a weapon by the U.S. Army, VX is an oily, odorless and tasteless liquid that kills on contact with the skin or when inhaled in aerosol form. Like other nerve agents, it is treatable in the first minutes after exposure but otherwise leads swiftly to fatal convulsions and respiratory failure.
Elisabeth Elliot, Discipline: The Glad Surrender|God will never disappoint us… If deep in our hearts we suspect that God does not love us and cannot manage our affairs as well as we can, we certainly will not submit to His discipline. …To the unbeliever the fact of suffering only convinces him that God is not to be trusted, does not love us. To the believer, the opposite is true.
Gudjon Bergmann, Experifaith: At the Heart of Every Religion; An Experiential Approach to Individual Spirituality and Improved Interfaith Relations|The upside of approaching spiritual practices like an experiment is that there can be no failure, only different outcomes. Whatever happens, you will learn about yourself and your relationship with the divine along the way.
K.J. Wignall, Blood|(W.D.) Howells asserted that the Americans' 'love of the supernatural is their common inheritance from no particular ancestry.' Their fiction, he added, often gathers in the gray 'twilight of the reason,' on 'the borderland between experience and illusion." Howells's geographical metaphor was derived, of course, from Hawthorne's idea of a moonlit 'neutral territory, somewhere between the real world and fairy-land, where the Actual and the Imaginary may meet, and each imbue itself with the nature of the other.' Whether literally, as in Cooper's The Spy, or metaphorically, as in Hawthorne's works, the neutral territory/borderland was the familiar setting of the American romance. As American writers came to realize, not only was there a borderland between East and West, civilization and wilderness, but also between the here and the hereafter, between conscious and unconscious, 'experience and illusion' - psychic frontiers on the edge of territories both enticing and terrifying.
Bob Woodward, Obama's Wars|I'm done doing this!' Obama said, finally erupting. 'We've all agreed on a plan. And we're all going to stick to that plan. I haven't agreed to anything beyond that.'The 30,000 was a 'hard cap,' he said forcefully. 'I don't want enablers to be used as wiggle room. The easy thing for me to do - politically - would actually be to say no' to the 30,000. Then he gestured out the Oval Office windows, across the Potomac, in the direction of the Pentagon. Referring to Gates and the uniformed military, he said. 'They think it's the opposite. I'd be perfectly happy -' He stopped mid-sentence. 'Nothing would make Rahm happier than if I said no to the 30,000.'There was some subdued laughter.'Rahm would tell me it'd be much easier to do what I want to do by saying no,' the president said. He could then focus on the domestic agenda that he wanted to be the heart of his presidency. The military did not understand. 'Politically, what these guys don't get is it'd be a lot easier for me to go out and give a speech saying, 'You know what? The American people are sick of this war, and we're going to get out of there.
Anthony Liccione|With thousands of roads before us that lead nowhere, going in circles. There really are only two roads we will either travel, one going to heaven, or the other to hell.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Sofya now understood the difference between life and existence: her life had come to an end, but her existence could drag on indefinitely. And however wretched and miserable this existence was, the thought of violent death still filled her with horror.
Freeman Dyson|It is our task, both in science and in society at large, to prove the conventional wisdom wrong and to make our unpredictable dreams come true
G.K. Chesterton, What's Wrong with the World|The principle is this: that in everything worth having, even in every pleasure, there is a point of pain and tedium that must be survived, so that the pleasure may revive and endure. The joy of battle comes after the first fear of death; the joy of reading Virgil comes after the bore of learning him; the glow of the seabather comes after the icy shok of the sea bath.
Kristen Hope Mazzola, Crashing Back Down|Dasher was able-bodied; that was part of the problem. His body was able to make hers do crazy things under his scrutiny, touch, scent.
Alice Hoffman, Green Heart|Although I am no longer caught in the past, the future seems like a ridiculous thing to me. Try to catch it, hold it in your hand. It disappears every time.
Scott Spencer, Endless Love|The only things I regret, and the only things I'll ever regret are things I didn't do. In the end, that's what we mourn. The paths we didn't take. The people we didn't touch.
Rob Sheffield|Renee loved to do things. That was mysterious to me, since I was more comfortable talking about things and never doing them. She liked passion. She liked adventure. I cowered from passion and talked myself out of adventure.
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice and Zombies|You can't take highways during the apocalypse, because they'll be packed with panicky people.
Theophilus London|I cannot say that the attitude of the United Nations always is for the Israeli attitude. Israel, I think, has been under severe attacks by members of the United Nations many times.
Anna Sofia Botkin, So Much More|Whoever trains the children controls the future. A chain is only as strong as its weakest link, and a society will only ever be as strong as the families in it.
Tyler Farr|Travel is the frivolous part of serious lives, and the serious part of frivolous ones.
Jane Green, Bookends|... you don't have to wait for someone to treat you bad repeatedly. All it takes is once, and if they get away with it that once, if they know they can treat you like that, then it sets the pattern for the future.
Debasish Mridha|Happiness is a state of awareness, which comes from tranquility, service, love, grace, and forgiveness.
Usha Cosmico|We have, by God's grace, been given another day to serve and love, laugh and learn, pray and ponder. Spring is ready to burst into the open air, and we are ready to embrace it.
Eli Easton, How to Wish Upon a Star|Crying. Milo was crying. It was a soft, muffled sound, but Jason's ears were quite powerful and the house was otherwise quiet. It sounded something like sobs and something like a dog's throat-whine. Aw. Hell.
Cory Monteith|With the release of her fourth album, 'Red,' in 2012 and a handful of highly publicized romances, Taylor was criticized by the press and other entertainers for such sinful acts as dating people and writing songs about it, gaining a reputation as boy-crazy and love-ridden.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|It's the time you spent on your rose that makes your rose so important...People have forgotten this truth, but you mustn't forget it. You become responsible forever for what you've tamed. You're responsible for your rose.
Vironika Tugaleva|It’s not enough to wish, dream, hope. Even children know this. We must set sail into the sea of uncertainty. We must meet fear face-to-face. We must take our dreams as maps for a greater journey. Dreams, to come true, need a good story. So go live one.
Daniel Gilbert|A man who as a physical being is always turned toward the outside, thinking that his happiness lies outside him, finally turns inward and discovers that the source is within him.
Paul Goodman, Growing Up Absurd|And when he invented his hell, that was his heaven on earth.
Albert Camus, Resistance, Rebellion and Death: Essays|We are fighting for the distinction between sacrifice and mysticism, between energy and violence, between strength and cruelty, for that even finer distinction between the true and the false, between the man of the future and the cowardly gods you revere.
J.K. Rowling|October arrived, spreading a damp chill over the grounds and into the castle. Madam Pomfrey, the nurse, was kept busy by a sudden spate of colds among the staff and students. Raindrops the size of bullets thundered on the castle windows for days on end; the lake rose, the flower beds turned into muddy streams, and Hagrid’s pumpkins swelled to the size of garden sheds.
D.J. Kenny, A Kripslod in the Realm: Volume One of the Kripslod's Tale|Did it ever occur to you, Charlie, that tolerance can reach a point where it is no longer tolerance? When that happens, the noble-sounding attitude on which most of us pride ourselves degenerates into weakness and acquiescence.
Vio Vic|When you start thinking from other’s point of view, you will understand him more easily and more completely.
Helene D. Gayle|It's going to start really interfering with your quality of life, your health, if you don't adjust to life as it's happening to you.
Charles Benoit, You|Most of the students there, he said, don't know what they think. You tell 'em, they'll think it. I plan to tell 'em.
Dave Matthews|At the end of the day, we must go forward with hope and not backward by fear and division.
Hilary Mantel, Bring Up the Bodies|He says in his defence he never meddled with married women, only with virgins.
Kate Forsyth, Bitter Greens|Raffin and Bann stood together, propped against the wall and against each other, half dozing. At one point, Raffin, not knowing he had one small, curious witness, gave Bann a sleepy kiss on the ear. "Bitterblue had wondered that about them. I t was nice when something in the world became clear. Especially when it was a nice thing.
Bill Walsh|The more you engage and connect, the more engagements and connections you will have.
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|The only thing you need to be present here and now is your breathing. When you feel your breath, your mind is with your body.
Coco J. Ginger|Finished in a frenzy that reminded me of our last night in Cambridge. Watched my final sunrise. Enjoyed a last cigarette. Didn’t think the view could be any more perfect until I saw that beat-up trilby. Honestly, Sixsmith, as ridiculous as that thing makes you look, I don’t believe I’ve ever seen anything more beautiful. Watched you for as long as I dared. I don’t believe it was a fluke that I saw you first. I believe there is another world waiting for us, Sixsmith. A better world, and I’ll be waiting for you there. I believe we do not stay dead long. Find me beneath the Corsican stars, where we first kissed.Yours eternally, R.F.
Tyrolin Puxty|You’re perfect,” he said, finishing his thought as if she hadn’t interrupted. “I don’t care if you see dead wolves and turn into a living ice sculpture when you’re having a bad day. I don’t care if I have an imprint of your teeth on my shoulder. I don’t care if you’re … fixed.” He spat the word like it tasted bad. “I want you to be safe and happy. That’s all.
C.D. Reiss, Beg|He breathed a deep ahh and said, “Where did you learn to do that?”“Los Angeles High School of Performing Arts,” I said. “They taught me how to open my throat to sing. Then Kevin Wainwright taught me how to put his dick down it.”He laughed. “I’d like to thank LA Unified and Kevin Whatever for this moment.
Sunday Adelaja|When you can prove your love for God by your service and attitude to others, your service has started
Tim Ryan|Religion is so much more than the god you pray to. The religion that you associate with, it's culture, it is family, it is background. That is something that I have always grown up with.
Rebecca McNutt|Imagine for a moment that you are the proud owner of a large house which you have spent years of your life painting and decorating and filling with everything you love. It's your home. It's something you've made your own, something for you to be remembered by, something that, perhaps years later, your children and grandchildren can visit and get a view of your life in. It's part of your creativity, your hard work... it's your property.Now suppose you decide to go camping for a couple of weeks. You lock your door and assume that nobody is going to break in... but they do, and when you return home, to your horror you find that not only do these trespassers break in, but they also have quite uniquely imaginative ways of disrespecting, vandalizing and corrupting everything within your property. They light fires on your lawn, your topiary hedges are in heaps of black ashes. There's some blatantly obscene graffiti splattered across your front door, offensive images and rude words splashed on the walls and windows. Your television has been tipped over. Your photographs of family and friends have had the heads cut out of them. There's mold growing in the refrigerator, bottles of booze tipped over on the table, and cigarette smoke embedded into the carpeting. Your beloved houseplants are dead, your furniture has been stripped down and ruined. Basically, the thing you've spent years working for and creating within your lifetime has been tampered with to the point where it is just a grim joke.So, I feel terrible for poor Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, Jane Austen and Lewis Carroll, who must be spinning in their graves since they have no rights to their own works of fiction anymore. I'm all for readers being able to read books for free once and only when the deceased author's copyright eventually ends. Still though, did Doyle ever think in a million years that his wonderful characters would be dragged through the mud of every pervy fanfiction that the sick internet geek can think of to create? Did Carroll ever suspect that Alice and the Hatter would become freakish clown-like goth caricatures in Tim Burton's CGI-infested films? Would Austen really want her writing to be sold as badly-formatted ebooks?The sharing of this Public Domain content isn't really an issue. Stories are meant to be told, meant to echo onward forever. That's what makes them magical. That being said, in the Information Age, there's a real lack of respect towards the creators of this original content. If, when I've been dead for 70 years and I then no longer have the rights to my novels, somebody gets the bright idea of doing anything funny with any of those novels, my ghost is going to rise from the grave and do some serious ass-kicking.
Ellen Raskin, The Westing Game|I couldn't stand the idea of a woman having to have a single pure life and a man being able to have a double life, one pure and one not.
Raphael Zernoff|When our challenge persists, returning in different forms, it may be a sign for us to accepted it as a valuable lesson.
Debasish Mridha|One day we will all have to leave this beautiful world, and we want to leave with peace towards eternal peace. We also want our future generations to live with joy and peace.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|... I don't know what I feel anymore, or maybe it's that I don't know HOW to feel anymore. I question every move I make, every breath I take, and every flutter of an eyelash. I've developed a twitch from always being on guard. I'm alert at night, and numb during the day, but I'm always ready. Maybe, I can intercept tragedy from striking again.
Jodi Ellen Malpas, Promised|See, that’s what I want more of. A little spunk!""Fuck off!" I yell, shocking myself with my vulgar language."Ooh, yes, carry on, you filthy-mouthed bitch!"I gasp and swing around, finding him grinning from ear to ear. "Wanker.""Cow.""Tosser."He grins some more. "Dog.""Shirt-lifter," I retort."Tart."I recoil, horrified. "I am not a tart!
M. Basilea Schlink|Only repentance can save us from spiritual death and lead us to eternal life, and only repentance lets us have a foretaste of this divine life here and now.
Italo Calvino, If on a Winter's Night a Traveler|In the remote towns of the west there are few of the amenities of civilization; there is no sewerage, there are no hospitals, rarely a doctor; the food is dreary and flavourless from long carrying, the water is bad; electricity is for the few who can afford their own plant, roads are mostly non-existent; there are no theatres, no picture shows and few dance halls; and the people are saved from stark insanity by the one strong principle of progress that is ingrained for a thousand miles east, north, south and west of the Dead Heart - the beer is always cold.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, The Gulag Archipelago 1918-1956|Love binds, and it binds forever. Good binds while evil unravels. Separation is another word for evil; it is also another word for deceit.
Marcel Proust|Now there is one thing I can tell you: you will enjoy certain pleasures you would not fathom now. When you still had your mother you often thought of the days when you would have her no longer. Now you will often think of days past when you had her. When you are used to this horrible thing that they will forever be cast into the past, then you will gently feel her revive, returning to take her place, her entire place, beside you. At the present time, this is not yet possible. Let yourself be inert, wait till the incomprehensible power ... that has broken you restores you a little, I say a little, for henceforth you will always keep something broken about you. Tell yourself this, too, for it is a kind of pleasure to know that you will never love less, that you will never be consoled, that you will constantly remember more and more.
H. Jackson Brown Jr.|Talent without discipline is like an octopus on roller skates. There's plenty of movement, but you never know if it's going to be forward, backwards, or sideways.
Sunday Adelaja|Rich people do not work for money, they devote themselves to the work they love and do not wait for a well-deserved rest or retirement, but keep working passionately until the end of their lives
Janet Evanovich, High Five|The dog ran into the kitchen, stuck his nose in Grandma's crotch, and snuffled.Dang," Grandma said. "Guess my new perfume really works. I'm gonna have to try it out at the seniors meeting.
Robert Gacho|I wish I could think about nothing, but the books all the time. I have never had an alcoholic rampage because of thinking about books too much...
Kevin Spacey|I don't think Bosnia is ready for reconciliation, but I do think it is ready for truth.
N.D. Wilson|You see it is likely that, when my brother told the story, that night when we got home and my mother and sister sat listening, I did not think he got the point. He was too young and so was I. A thing so complete has its own beauty.
Robert C. Tucker, The Marx-Engels Reader|It will be seen how subjectivism and objectivism, spiritualism and materialism, activity and suffering, only lose their antithetical character, and thus their existence, as such antitheses in the social condition; it will be seen how the resolution of the theoretical antitheses is only possible in a practical way, by virtue of the practical energy of men. Their resolution is therefore by no means merely a problem of knowledge, but a real problem of life, which philosophy could not solve precisely because it conceived this problem as merely a theoretical one.
Joe Hill, Horns|It bewildered Ig, the idea that a person could not be interested in music. It was like not being interested in happiness.
Laurie Penny, Unspeakable Things: Sex, Lies and Revolution|Girls are better at this sort of labour, often called 'emotional labour', not because there's anything in the meat and matter of our living cells that makes us naturally better but because we're trained for it from birth. Trained to make other people feel good. Trained to serve the coffee, fill in the forms, organise the parties and wipe the table afterwards. Trained to be feisty, if we must, but not strong. To be bubbly, not funny. You must at no stage appear to have a body that functions in a normal human way, that pisses and shits and sweats and farts and falters. Decorate the prison of your body. Make yourself useful. Shut up and smile.
Dana Arcuri, Reinventing You: Simple Steps to Transform Your Body, Mind, & Spirit|Similar to a butterfly, I've gone through a metamorphosis, been released from my dark cocoon, embraced my wings, and soared!
Rollo May, Man's Search for Himself|Solitude is independence. It had been my wish and with the years I had attained it. It was cold. Oh, cold enough! But it was also still, wonderfully still and vast like the cold stillness of space in which the stars revolve.
Rudyard Kipling, The Complete Stalky and Co.|Mad! Quite mad!' said Stalky to the visitors, as one exhibiting strange beasts. 'Beetle reads an ass called Brownin', and M'Turk reads an ass called Ruskin; and-' 'Ruskin isn't an ass,' said M'Turk. 'He's almost as good as the Opium-Eater. He says we're "children of noble races, trained by surrounding art." That means me, and the way I decorated the study when you two badgers would have stuck up brackets and Christmas cards. Child of a noble race, trained by surrounding art, stop reading or I'll shove a pilchard down your neck!
Steve Antin|In my view, the only way to see a film remains the way the filmmaker intended: inside a large movie theater with great sound and pristine picture.
Donna Grant, Dark Alpha’s Demand|It was a kiss meant to set her ablaze. And as always, it worked.
Scott McClanahan, Hill William|The dark realization came to him that a difficult and miserable age had begun for him, and he couldn't imagine when it would end. [Puberty]
Brandi Salazar, Buried Secrets|A small white rabbit with floppy ears and a twitching pink nose bounded out from the thick forest brush. Fingers twitching at his side, James stepped toward the small animal, a nervous giddiness creeping up inside of him.
Uzoma Nnadi|And Mrs. Treaclebunny has promised to speak English from now on as well. In fact, she said when she goes to England, that's all she speaks anyway because the animals speak English there. She says anyone who has read children's books with animals in them set in England would know that. Is The Wind in the Willows written in Mole with a little Ratty thrown in? Is Winnie-the-Pooh written in Bear? No, it's English, because that's what the animals there speak. I didn't know that before. Travel is so broadening.
Denham Sutcliffe, What Shall We Defend?: Essays And Addresses|I, too, head for the Baths of Caracalla,thinking—with my old, magnificentprivilege of thinking…(And let there still be a god in me that thinks,lost, weak, and childish,yet whose voice is so humanit is almost a song.) Oh, to leavethis prison of poverty!To be free of the yearningthat makes these ancient nights so splendid!He who knows yearning, and he who does not,have something in common: man’s desires are humble.
Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park|He looked at the cash siting there "What's that for?" I made myself smile "A good time.
Abby Rosmarin, No One Reads Poetry: A Collection of Poems|For this,let gardens grow, where beelines end,sighing in roses, saffron blooms, buddleia;where bees pray on their knees, sing, praisein pear trees, plum trees; beesare the batteries of orchards, gardens, guard them.
Walter Benjamin, Illuminations: Essays and Reflections|Whatever story you're telling, it will be more interesting if, at the end you add, "and then everything burst into flames.
Donatella Versace|I have to think about the future because, not that I'm bored with it now, but I can't live now, it's not my place to live now. I've got to live ahead of myself.
Lloyd Jones, Mister Pip|Sunset on the water ought to be a quiet and easy time, but I guess some people can't stand a little silence.
William Godwin|Among many of my friends and acquaintances, I seem to be one of the very few individuals who felt or feels no ambivalence about my mother. All my feelings for my mother were positive, very strong and abiding.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Crescendo|Did I really want to stay on this road longer, knowing it was only going to end in devastation?
Jiddu Krishnamurti, Education and the Significance of Life|Governments want efficient technicians, not human beings, because human beings become dangerous to governments – and to organized religions as well. That is why governments and religious organizations seek to control education.
Nicholas Sparks, Safe Haven|That's what courage is. If she weren't scared, she wouldn't need courage in the first place." -Jo
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni|Here's the miracle: I grew up thinking, 'Wouldn't it be great to write 'Superman' someday? Wouldn't it be great to create my own show, or work on 'Lensman,' or 'Forbidden Planet?' Those were very literally the goals I set for myself, the dreams that I thought I didn't have a chance in hell of ever actually achieving. But it's happened.
Christopher Earle|When our thoughts, at times, wander into darkness... remember we are human and have been imbued with free will to choose the light.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When faced with a difficult situation, do not panic but pray!
Rachel  Thompson, Broken Pieces|Silence is one of worst, most vocal enemies, yet people go through many bouts of depression not sharing what is happening. People don’t understand that, but as someone who suffers from it, I can tell you that it’s difficult to be objective about the gray. I described depression to my therapist as a misty fog that surrounds me, heavy on my shoulders, pervading everything and nothing at all. I liken depression to a bird stealing into the depths of your soul, pecking at your disposition until nothing is left. And that is when you break into pieces.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If a man gives you a harsh winter, give him back something unexpected: The warm spring!
Mario Monti|I believe that in Europe, we have a collective leadership.
Fredrik Backman, A Man Called Ove|Richard looked up to find a thirty-ish, tall, black haired man sauntering towards him with a smile that said “You can trust me”, but really meant “Don’t believe a word I say”. This was Jack, and he hadn’t changed a bit.
H.G. Wells, Meanwhile or the Picture of a Lady|Sanskrit is a beautiful contextual language. It is called “Dev Bhasha” the language of the soul. Here, meanings of the words must come from the heart, from direct experience – dictionary meanings or static meanings have not much value. Meanings of the words vary depending on mind-set, time, location and culture. The words are made to expand the possibilities of the mind.
Laura Kreitzer, Burning Falls|I thought it was just him,” she says, ignoring him. “But then I found out I had the same effect, which means the Society did something to my head too.”Gage’s eyes close, horror washing over him. “You really do love him.”“Yes. No. I don’t know.” Her cries start up again, piercing his heart. “Gage, help me.”“I love you,” he says, holding her closer. “That’s real.
Susan Meissner, Stars Over Sunset Boulevard|... love and fear can sometimes feel the same, but each will lead a person to take different actions. When a decision h as to be made, fear usually motivates me to choose what is best for me, whereas love motivates me to choose what is best for another person. Fear urges me to hang on, white knuckled, to what is mine, while love can actually lead me to let go.... when you hold something you love tightly to your chest for fear of losing it, you actually risk crushing it against you.
Vanessa Diffenbaugh|If I have to make a self-portrait, I would put poetry and rebellion on the list. To be able to walk on a wire, to be able to juggle six hoops, you need focus, another word for tenacity, which is passion.
Mario J. Molina|Don't think that there's a different, better child 'hiding' behind the autism. This is your child. Love the child in front of you. Encourage his strengths, celebrate his quirks, and improve his weaknesses, the way you would with any child. You may have to work harder on some of this, but that's the goal.
Seanan McGuire, Discount Armageddon|Growing up in my family meant ambushes on your birthday, crossbows for Christmas, and games of dodge ball where the balls were occasionally rigged to explode. It also meant learning how to work your way out of a wide variety of death traps. Failure to get loose on your own could lead to missing dinner, or worse, being forced to admit that you missed dinner because your baby sister had tied you to the couch. Again.
RD|When you dream for perfect life ahead, you may not get a fresh start always.Mend a little,bend a little. Find what you have, where you are. Adapt , improvise, move on.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The only cost to happiness is, choice. Remember, happiness is exclusive of materialism and/or the external worldly influences
Sunday Adelaja|You’ve got little time on earth, make each day count
Brenda Ueland, If You Want to Write: A Book about Art, Independence and Spirit|Remember William Blake who said: "Improvement makes straight, straight roads, but the crooked roads without improvement are roads of genius."The truth is, life itself, is always startling, strange, unexpected. But when the truth is told about it everybody knows at once that it is life itself and not made up.But in ordinary fiction, movies, etc, everything is smoothed out to seem plausible--villains made bad, heroes splendid, heroines glamorous, and so on, so that no one believes a word
C.S. Lewis, On Stories: And Other Essays on Literature|Good characters in fiction are the very devil. Not only because most authors have too little material to make them of, but because we as readers have a strong subconscious wish to find them incredible.
Adharanand Finn, Running with the Kenyans: Passion, Adventure, and the Secrets of the Fastest People on Earth|Under every layer of pain, another layer of recovery lies in wait, the sweet, forever surprising truth of endurance.
Virginia Woolf, Mrs. Dalloway|Be confidently assured that any ‘gods’ that we build will always have veracious appetites, and sooner or later they will gorge themselves on that which built them.
Don DeLillo, Underworld|How children adapt to available surfaces, using curbstones, stoops and manhole covers. How they take the pockmarked world and turn a delicate inversion, making something brainy and rule-bound and smooth, and then spend the rest of their lives trying to repeat the process.
Chelsea Handler, Are You There, Vodka? It's Me, Chelsea|While looking at a website for liposuction, I learned that it was a six-to eight-week recovery period, the clincher being that, during that time, I would under no circumstances be able to use street drugs. Obviously I had to think of a more realistic approach.
Leonardo da Vinci|There are two things I enjoy most about my work. First, I get to work with interesting and enthusiastic people who are also fired up about science. Second, every once in a while I have moments in which I suddenly understand the solution to a problem that I've been working on - those are great moments.
Anne Brontë, The Tenant of Wildfell Hall|Ours was the age of enlightenment, he said, when the battle cry was, ‘We must know, we shall know!’, and reason would depose superstition and we be liberated by it.
Subodh Gupta|Without total dedication & discipline, success in any field is just a wishful thinking.
Kate Richards, The Milkman Cometh|Damn, you’re soft. I have trouble keeping my hands off y
Rosamund Lupton, Sister|The door is crackedWe used to meetlike water does landnonot thatmore like when skin touches skinkissing fingertipsor when air escapes a lung and is felt across the worldI've leapt over cracks in sidewalksand swallowed away troublesome back painsthat could only be fixed with someone else's pillsWe met by your house one stray dayand you drove me to the baywhere we sat and kissed like it was yesterdayAnd here you told me that you loved meand that you always loved meand that you would always love methe wind blew and I held youYou rested your head on my shoulderand the wind blew warmLater, in your big red truck, we smoked some greenand I kissed you harderand held your breasts, and felt between your legsand with a gaspyou told me you were in love with meAnd then you drove me backand we promised it wouldn't be the endnot this timeThe quill and inkwell on your footI'm a writer and you are my greatest artI returned to my hell and dreamt of you once more
Mark F. LaMoure|As long as other people's opinions matter more than your own, you're owned by them. You're not even free.
Andrew Weil|The cottage garden; most for use designed, Yet not of beauty destitute.
Peter Thiel|As long as you live, keep learning how to live.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, Mirror|Hearts everywhere bear scars of one form of hurt or the other, and it is necessary to keep this in mind when trying to understand why a person is the way he or she is.
Lorii Myers|The power behind taking responsibility for your actions lies in putting an end to negative thought patterns. You no longer dwell on what went wrong or focus on whom you are going to blame. You don't waste time building roadblocks to your success. Instead, you are set free and can now focus on succeeding.
Robert Neil Fleischer, Alien Biography|On the inner side of the aquarium of reality, beliefs define the area of the prison.
|A lot of people are highly likely to become extremely depressed after a breakup, due to the fact that most of their pleasurable moments, which countless of people confuse with happiness, depend on the love and affections they get from their partners. Always place your unconditional self-love first.
Lawrence M. Krauss|Empty space is a boiling, bubbling brew of virtual particles that pop in and out of existence in a time scale so short that you can't even measure them.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Living is a creative and active process of diligent learning that entails industrious human action, attentive awareness, and thoughtful reflection. Learning is one facet of human beings innate capacity that can provide a sense of worthiness to human life.
Diane K. Chamberlain|There are times when we find ourselves pitching downwards, out of control. Yet God is always nearby...
Debasish Mridha|If you become a singing bird, I will be the listening sky so that I will never miss your song.
Kanae Minato|Happiness is as fragile and fleeting as a bubble soap. Water down the last dregs of happiness and turn them into bubbles to fill the void. It may nothing more than an illusion, but it was still better than the emptiness.
Theodor Herzl, The Jewish State|I also hold a settling of questions by the referendum to be an unsatisfactory procedure, because there are no simple political questions which can be answered merely by Yes and No. The masses are also more prone even than Parliaments to be led away by heterodox opinions, and to be swayed by vigorous ranting. It is impossible to formulate a wise internal or external policy in a popular assembly.
Nikola Tesla|Glory is attained from hard work, step by step.
Mohamed ElBaradei|I want to be alone and work until the day my heads hits the drawing table and I'm dead. Kaput. I feel very much like I want to be with my brother and sister again. They're nowhere. I know they're nowhere and they don't exist, but if nowhere means that's where they are, that's where I want to be.
Robin Sacredfire|God operates in levels. First He changes your life to help you see opportunities, and you can't appreciate it. Then He sends you people that can help you, and you refuse to trust them. Then, He boosts your vitality, so that you might still be able to do something for yourself, but you conform to your lifestyle and habits. Then, He ignores you, until you realize, through your own suffering, that you've offended Him in all these ways.
Jessica Spotswood, Born Wicked|Then she smiled and told me I was cute, and that I should be careful, and I asked her why, then she said that she might fall for me, but I know she was joking, because who would want to fall for me? I'm a mess.
W.H. Auden|Always the following wind of historyOf others' wisdom makes a buoyant airTill we come suddenly on pockets where Is nothing loud but us; where voices seemAbrupt, untrained, competing with no lieOur fathers shouted once.
Leon Krier, The Architecture of Community|Cities and landscapes are illustrations of our spiritual and material worth. They not only express our values but give them a tangible reality. They determine the way in which we use or squander our energy, time, and land resources.
Joshua Cohen, Book of Numbers|From the beginning, I’ve told journalists that I planned to write better than any writer of my era who graduated from an Ivy League college. It sounds boastful and it is. But The Citadel taught me that I was a man of courage when I survived that merciless crucible of a four-year test that is the measure of The Citadel experience. I’m the kind of writer I am because of The Citadel.
Justin Somper, Black Heart|And Grace calls out, 'You are not just a disillusioned old man who may die soon, a middle-aged woman stuck in a job and desperately wanting to get out, a young person feeling the fire in the belly begin to grow cold. You may be insecure, inadequate, mistaken or potbellied. Death, panic, depression, and disillusionment may be near you. But you are not just that. You are accepted.' Never confuse your perception of yourself with the mystery that you really are accepted.
Omoakhuana Anthonia|We all line up except for this guy in a wheelchair, Devyn. He smiles at me when I line up, introduces himself. He has a movie star smile, just white teeth and charisma, big eyes, dark skin. He’d be perfect looking if he didn’t have such a large nose, but the truth is it looks good on him, natural and powerful. He winks at Issie, who blushes.“You can do it, Is,” he says.She rolls her eyes, twists her lip, and says, “As long as I don’t pass out.”“If you pass out, I’ll put you in my lap and wheel you across the finish line,” he says, and it somehow isn’t sleazy because you can tell by his eyes how much he cares about Issie. I instantly like him.She blushes worse. Her face looks like she’s already sprinted a mile.
Yasmin Mogahed, Reclaim Your Heart: Personal Insights on Breaking Free from Life's Shackles|Here is something I have learned the hard way, but which a lot of well-meaning people in the West have a hard time accepting: All human beings are equal, but all cultures and religions are not. A culture that celebrates femininity and considers women to be the masters of their own lives is better than a culture that mutilates girls’ genitals and confines them behind walls and veils or flogs or stones them for falling in love. A culture that protects women’s rights by law is better than a culture in which a man can lawfully have four wives at once and women are denied alimony and half their inheritance. A culture that appoints women to its supreme court is better than a culture that declares that the testimony of a woman is worth half that of a man. It is part of Muslim culture to oppress women and part of all tribal cultures to institutionalize patronage, nepotism, and corruption. The culture of the Western Enlightenment is better. In the real world, equal respect for all cultures doesn’t translate into a rich mosaic of colorful and proud peoples interacting peacefully while maintaining a delightful diversity of food and craftwork. It translates into closed pockets of oppression, ignorance, and abuse. Many people genuinely feel pain at the thought of the death of whole cultures. I see this all the time. They ask, “Is there nothing beautiful in these cultures? Is there nothing beautiful in Islam?” There is beautiful architecture, yes, and encouragement of charity, yes, but Islam is built on sexual inequality and on the surrender of individual responsibility and choice. This is not just ugly; it is monstrous.
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|You are worth the investment so spend the time, money and resources on you. You matter. When you're strong, healthy and happy, those you love most will also benefit.
Alexandra Kleeman, Intimations: Stories|Whether or not he was in it, whether or not he could see or touch it, he'd thought there would always be a FIllory out there somewhere. He loved knowing it was there. It anchored his sense of happiness, the way a distant stockpile of gold might underwrite the value of a paper bill.
Alice Clayton, Nuts|What I’ve learnt is: buy the damn shoes. Kiss the boy. You can lose a life in indecision, and regret is a waste of an emotion.
Joanne Harris, The Girl with No Shadow|Children are knives, my mother once said. They don’t mean to, but they cut. And yet we cling to them, don’t we, we clasp them until the blood flows.
