Peter Weiss, The Persecution and Assassination of Jean-Paul Marat as Performed by the Inmates of the Asylum of Charenton Under the Direction of the Marquis de Sade|And the priests looked down into the pit of injustice and they turned their faces away and said, 'Our kingdom is not as the kingdom of this world. Our life on earth is but a pilgrimage. The soul lives on humility and patience,' at the same time screwing the poor from their last centime. They settled down among their treasures and ate and drank with princes and to the starving they said, 'Suffer. Suffer as he suffered on the cross for it is the will of God.'And anyone believes what they hear over and over again, so the poor instead of bread made do with a picture of the bleeding, scourged, and nailed-up Christ and prayed to that image of their helplessness. And the priests said, 'Raise your hands to heaven and bend your knees and bear your suffering without complaint. Pray for those that torture you, for prayer and blessing are the only stairways which you can climb to paradise.'And so they chained down the poor in their ignorance so that they wouldn't stand up and fight their bosses who ruled in the name of the lie of divine right.
Sandra Lee Bartky, Femininity and Domination: Studies in the Phenomenology of Oppression|The situation of those men in the hierarchy of gender who avail themselves of female tenderness is not thereby altered: Their superordinate position is neither abandoned, nor their male privilege relinquished. The vulnerability these men exhibit is not a prelude in any way to their loss of male privilege or to an elevation in the status of women.
Magan Vernon, The Only One|My guitar's name was Liz. As in, short for Elizabeth, Queen of England. She was a lady.Don't judge.
Boyd K. Packer|When in pain and sorrow, you ask why God allows bad things to happen to good people, remember God allowed His Son, the best of us, to suffer the most so that Christ would have the ability to heal us.
Irene Hunt, Up a Road Slowly|From my window I watched the full moon—a moon that reminded me of Brett—become shadowed, little by little until there was only a deep blackness in the woods at night. I would sit there wakeful, hour after hour, and wonder if this aching around my heart, this sense of being alone, forlorn and unwanted in a world where there was gayety and love for others of my age, was going to continue for all of my days.
Jean M. Auel, The Mammoth Hunters|... science demands a terrible price - that we accept what experiments tell us about the universe, whether we like it or not.
Cherise Sinclair, Doms of Dark Haven|You, lass, have a self-image problem.”Well, that might be a little true, but she also had a mirror.
Mladen Đorđević, Svetioničar - Vesnici oluje|Being born of the dreams and nightmares of humans, they weren’t truly faery or demon. The semantics of labels didn’t matter. There was just light, and there was dark, and neither of them belonged in this world.
Ron W. Rathbun|Life is simple, just be yourself.
Seth Grahame-Smith|I have read of the great wars of ages past, and men slaughtered by the tens of thousands. And we give but fleeting consideration to their deaths, for it is our nature to banish such thoughts.
Darrell Calkins|In his numerous works, especially in The Idealist View of Life and Eastern Religions and Western Thought, the great Eastern Philosopher, Professor Radhakrishnan, advocates the necessity for the revival of the deeply spiritual mystical experience which is the basis of all religions and which is expressed in a pure form in Hinduism. He says: “In spite of all appearances to the contrary, we discern in the present unrest the gradual dawning of a great light, a converging life-endeavour, a growing realisation that there is a secret spirit in which we are all one, and of which humanity is the highest vehicle on earth, and an increasing desire to live out this knowledge and establish a kingdom of spirit on earth.” (Eastern Religions and Western Thought, p. 33). “The different religions have now come together, and if they are not to continue in a state of conflict or competition, they must develop a spirit of comprehension which will break down prejudice and misunderstanding and bind them together as varied expressions of a single truth. Such a spirit characterised the development of Hinduism, which has not been interrupted for nearly fifty centuries.
Philip Pullman|I'm trying to undermine the basis of Christian belief... I'm not in the business of offending people. I find the books upholding certain values that I think are important, such as life is immensely valuable and this world is an extraordinarily beautiful place. We should do what we can to increase the amount of wisdom in the world.]
Bianca Sparacino|You ruin your life by desensitizing yourself. We are all afraid to say too much, to feel too deeply, to let people know what they mean to us. Caring is not synonymous with crazy. Expressing to someone how special they are to you will make you vulnerable. There is no denying that. However, that is nothing to be ashamed of. There is something breathtakingly beautiful in the moments of smaller magic that occur when you strip down and are honest with those who are important to you. Let that girl know that she inspires you. Tell your mother you love her in front of your friends. Express, express, express. Open yourself up, do not harden yourself to the world, and be bold in who, and how you love. There is courage in that.
Menachem Begin|First keep peace with yourself, then you can also bring peace to others.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|It was God’s love which knew that men were incapable of obeying His law, and it was His love which promised a Redeemer, a Savior, who would save His people from their sins.
Jacqueline Job|People fear not because they are powerless, but because they ignore their inner power
S.A. Tawks, The Spirit of Imagination|If someone knew equally as much about the ins and outs of your home, it would not be your home.
Richard Osborne, Rossini|The terms that Sforza Cesarini offered Rossini, 400 Roman Scudi, were not ungenerous, though it must have been galling for Rossini to see the Figaro, Luigi Zamboni, getting almost twice as much, and the Almaviva, Manuel Garcia, being offered three times the amount. Of the first-night cast, only the 'altro buffo', Bartolomeo Botticelli, who played Bartolo, and the 'seconda donna', Elisabetta Lowselet, who played Berta, were paid less than the composer.
Gertrude Bell|...the holy men sat in an atmospherereeking of antiquity, so thick with thedust of ages that you can't see through it--nor can they.
C.S. Lewis|Remember these Romans, Hannibal. For the time being, we must ally with them. But the day will come when we will have our vengeance upon them, as we will upon the demons of Harappa. Never forget that.”The boy's voice was grave. “I'll remember.
Michel Houellebecq, Whatever|You too, you took an interest in the world. That was long ago. I want you to cast your mind back to then. The domain of the rules was no longer enough for you; you were unable to love any longer in the domain of the rules; so you had to enter into the domain of the struggle. I ask you to go back to that precise moment. It was long ago, no? Cast your mind back: the water was cold. You are far from the edge, now. Oh yes! How far from the edge you are! You long believed in the existence of another shore; such is no longer the case. You go on swimming, though, and every movement you make brings you closer to drowning. You are suffocating, your lungs are on fire. The water seems colder and colder to you, more and more galling. You aren't that young anymore. Now you are going to die. Don't worry. I am here. I won't let you sink. Go on with your reading.
Shannon L. Alder|Unrequited love is the only emotion that allows sane people to taste the “life sentence” of someone with bipolar disorder. The longer they hang onto a lost cause the more unstable they look to everyone else. They contradict their own belief systems and statements, by circling the drain with two competing emotions—love and hate.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|To confront death every day, to see it for yourself, you have to love the living
Brian Jacques, Martin the Warrior|Don't think about what you could have done, concentrate on what you plan to do; it is more useful.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|If I read inspirational words, they better have some pain to back them up. My strength for moving forward has never been sparked by flowery prose calling me and Angel. Tell me how you swallowed Hell, and lived to tell the tale... the 'pain' and your transformation - will inspire me to soar. And I promise you, I will listen.
Ann M. Martin, Everything for a Dog|I want her back" I said "I want HIM back"~Charlie
Will Ferrell|What happens is that, you know, on Mondays, at least in the Senate, you know, Monday night we'd have what you'd call a bed-check vote. Just to get, you know, the machinery of the Senate up and running so they can start the committee process; on Tuesday morning, things go. By Thursday, you know, jet fumes, the smell of jet fumes.
Amy Guth, Three Fallen Women|If wishes were held on the skin and swiped by raindrops, then emotions were freeloading off the cells that made up their space. The only offering these cells ever entertained was truth, painful and raw.
Tony Robbins|Persevering through something that is drudgery to you in the name of perseverance alone isn’t commendable; it’s senseless stubbornness. Even if you stick with it long enough to make good money, you won’t be truly happy.
Muhammad Hassam|If You have a good reading habit, then you become a good thinker
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|Still I walked into the snow, moving to keep warm, burning precious energy searching for an answer I couldn’t think of. I didn’t turn back, compelled to continue without the trail. I didn’t want to risk futilely backtracking. If I couldn’t find the trail before dark, I could wake tomorrow disoriented and desperate, without having even made any new miles; my loss of the PCT should have distressed me, but a new instinct led me forward. In this moment of despair I was refusing to stop fighting. I asked the mountains for some guidance, the strength to get myself out of here, and pulled wild power from within myself I’d never known I’d had.I was no longer following a trail.I was learning to follow myself.
Alain Badiou, Ethics: An Essay on the Understanding of Evil|Bonhoeffer examined and dismissed a number of approaches to dealing with evil. "Reasonable people," he said, think that "with a little reason, they can pull back together a structure that has come apart at the joints." Then there are the ethical "fanatics" who "believe that they can face the power of evil with the purity of their will and their principles." Men of"conscience" become overwhelmed because the "countless respectable and seductive disguises and masks in which evil approaches them make their conscience anxious and unsure until they finally content themselves with an assuaged conscience instead of a good conscience." They must "deceive their own conscience in order not to despair." Finally there are some who retreat to a "private virtuousness. Such people neither steal, nor murder,nor commit adultery, but do good according to their abilities. but... they must close their eyes and ears to the injustice around them. Only at the cost of self-deception can they keep their private blamelessness clean from the stains of responsible action in the world. In all that they do, what they fail to do will not let them rest.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|Watch out, brother,' his professor had told him more than once, 'you have talent; it would be a sin to ruin it. But you're impatient. Some one thing entices you, some one thing takes your fancy––and you occupy yourself with it, and the rest can rot, you don't care about it, you don't even want to look at it. Watch out you don't turn into a fashionable painter. Even now your colors are beginning to cry a bit too loudly. Your drawing is imprecise, and sometimes quite weak, the line doesn't show; you go for fashionable lighting, which strikes the eye at once. Watch out or you'll fall into the English type. Beware. You already feel drawn to the world: every so often I see a showy scarf on your neck, a glossy hat ... It's enticing, you can start painting fashionable pictures, little portraits for money. But that doesn't develop talent, it ruins it. Be patient. Ponder over every work, drop showiness––let the others make money. You won't come out the loser.
Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi, Flow: The Psychology of Optimal Experience|The next time someone says, ‘The odds are against you,’ remember: If you don’t try, you forfeit the opportunity.
Nick Vujicic, Unstoppable: The Incredible Power of Faith in Action|...you have to keep things in perspective, even when you are in the middle if a personal crisis. Fear breeds fear and worry builds upon worry. You can't stop feelings of grief, remorse, guilt, anger, and fear that wash over you during difficult times, but you can recognize them as pure emotional responses, and then manage them so that they don't dictate your actions.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|The beauty of death is that it is a constant reminder of the limited time we spend here in this unique life on Earth. It is the ongoing wakeup call that reminds us to be joyous, to laugh, to love, to be compassionate and grateful, and most of all – to forgive.
Edward O. Sisson|Self-respect is the very cement of character, without which character will not form nor stand; a personal ideal is the only possible foundation for self-respect, without which self-respect degenerates into vanity or conceit, or is lost entirely, its place being taken by worthlessness and the consciousness of worthlessness; and that is the end of all character. It is often said that if we do not respect ourselves no one else will respect us; this is rather a dangerous way to put it; let us rather say that if we are not worthy of our own respect we cannot claim the respect of others. True self-respect is a matter of being and never of mere seeming. As Paulsen says, "It is vanity that desires first of all to be seen and admired, and then, if possible, really to be something; whereas proper self esteem desires first of all to be something, and' then, if possible, to have its worth recognized.
Meghna Pant, One and a Half Wife|I don’t naturally look like this. I have to feed in order to have the power to hold it.”“Feed on what exactly?” Please don’t say blood, please don’t say blood, she whispered in her mind.“Death,” Trajan answered. Anya didn’t know if that was better or worse.
Mahdi Khmili|it's doesn't matter how long you spend the time writing words , the only thing that matter , is for how long your words will have an influence on their reader .
Debasish Mridha|Love not because you have to attract someone, love because you have an abundance of love in your heart.
Lionel Messi|There's nothing more satisfying than seeing a happy and smiling child. I always help in any way I can, even if it's just by signing an autograph. A child's smile is worth more than all the money in the world.
Hill Harper|The beginning of a friendship, the fact that two people out of the thousands around them can meet and connect and become friends, seems like a kind of magic to me. But maintaining a friendship requires work. I don't mean that as a bad thing. Good art requires work as well.
Albert Camus, A Happy Death|Gula and Cali lie on their sides, their tiny adder-mouths showing the pink of their palates, their bodies throbbing with lustful and obscene dreams. The sky releases its burden of sun and color. Eyes closed, Catherine takes the long fall that carries her deep into herself, down where some animal stirs gently, breathing like a god.
|Nothing can keep you down at the bottom, if your thoughts and beliefs aren't keeping you down.
Dawn Powell, Dance Night|I had heard my brothers and sisters use curse words but had never dared use one myself in front of anyone. But I had practiced alone in my room lots of times, trying out different cadences and into nations: 'Fuck, fuck, fuck you, fucknut. Shit, shitstain, fucker! Go fuck a duck, you asswipe!' My favorite was, 'What a fucking cocksucker.' The plan was to say this casually to one of my new friends while one of our teachers walked by. No one in kindergarten ever really got my sense of humor, so I was hell-bent on making my mark in the first grade.
Robert Sternberg|The thing I loved the most - and still love the most about teaching - is that you can connect with an individual or a group, and see that individual or group exceed their limits.
Erich Fromm|The real opposition is that between the ego-bound man, whose existence is structured by the principle of having, and the free man, who has overcome his egocentricity.
Leo Tolstoy, A Confession|In the deep, tacit way in which feeling becomes stronger than thought, I had always felt that the Devon School came into existence the day i entered it, was vibrantly real while i was a student there, and then blinked out like a candle the day I left
Ally Blue, Twilight|He envied straight couples the easy openness of their relationships. At that moment, he would've given anything to know what it was like to take his lover's hand without a second's consideration for what anyone else might think, or do.
Rashedur Ryan Rahman|Autumn is a momentum of the natures golden beauty…, so the same it’s time to find your momentum of life
Neil Gaiman|So write your story as it needs to be written. Write it honestly, and tell it as best you can. I'm not sure that there are any other rules. Not ones that matter.
Robyn Carr, The Wanderer|I wasn't raised to let a woman walk through a dimly lit parking lot alone. Wasn't born in a cornfield, you know.”Velia turned. “No, I didn't know. So, you're quite a gentleman. Don't we sound like a good pair—the devil woman and the gentleman?
Groucho Marx|There are good leaders who actively guide and bad leaders who actively misguide. Hence, leadership is about persuasion, presentation and people skills.
Charles de Lint, The Blue Girl|Everybody has a soul." I turn to Pelly. "And that means you, too." "I'm not so sure of that," he says. "What does it feel like?" "Having a soul?" I look at Maxine, but she only shrugs. "I don't know," I tell Pelly. "I don't have anything to compare it to- you know, what not having a sould would feel like." We fall into a kind of awkward silence. I don't know about the others, but I'm working on what a soul is and not coming up with a whole lot. I mean, I just always thought of it as me- what I feel like being me. But surely Pelly feels like himself, so that means he's got a soul right? But if that's not your soul, then what is? It's weird and not something you really think about, is it?
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We are all plagued by failures - by missed subtleties, overlooked knowledge, and outright errors. For the most part, we have imagined that little can be done beyond working harder and harder to catch the problems clean up after them. We are not in the habit of thinking the way the army pilots did as they looked upon their shiny new Model 299 bomber — a machine so complex no one was sure human beings could try it.
Robert Fanney|Rise, Luthiel, in the name of love you came and in the name of love I crown you!
Nassim Nicholas Taleb, The Bed of Procrustes: Philosophical and Practical Aphorisms|Everyone may be called "comrade," but some comrades have the power of life and death over other comrades.
Dwight L. Moody|As our language wanes and dies, the golden legends of the far-off centuries fade and pass away. No one sees their influence upon culture; no one sees their educational power.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart|Here's what I tell anybody and this is what I believe. The greatest gift we have is the gift of life. We understand that. That comes from our Creator. We're given a body. Now you may not like it, but you can maximize that body the best it can be maximized.
Roy L. Pickering Jr., Matters of Convenience|His fierce appreciation of female beauty, the unrelenting desire he felt for their company, the pleasure he both derived and sought to give, had led him in and out of quite a few bedroom doors.
Sunday Adelaja|Man has been bestowed with all the senses, Alas! What a drama, we are yet to know the art of using it!
Matshona Dhliwayo|Knowledge, teach. Wisdom, acquire. Understanding, share. Love, spread.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Man has rejected the revelation of the Bible concerning the true and living God of his fathers, and he has substituted gods of his own making. In actuality modern man has decided to dethrone God and enthrone himself in all of his nuclear glory.
Lobsang Tenzin|Anger is never without an argument, but seldom with a good one.
Ben Shapiro|I always write about subjects which attract me because if I didn't, it would be awful, a failure.
John Dolan, Everyone Burns|Have you no idea of progress, of development?""I have seen them both in an egg," said Caspian. "We call it 'Going Bad' in Narnia
Faisal Khosa|In wartime, everyone loves a soldier, and a wounded hero even more so.
Michelle Bachelet|That's part of being a real citizen: always questioning your leadership, not only about what it is doing in your own country, but what it is doing elsewhere. Because it is connected.
Elizabeth George, Loving God with All Your Mind|I believe that we should all be free to believe what we want and not be condemned for it,” I say without a thought. “I believe in a higher power and that it works within us. Whatever the name doesn't matter, it's the thought behind it that matters. It's the way we live our lives that matter and as long as I believe that there is someone in the sky there to protect us, no one here will ever break me.
Arvind Parashar|Now that we are born, let us live in a trance.
Abraham Lincoln|In this sad world of ours sorrow comes to all and it often comes with bitter agony. Perfect relief is not possible except with time. You cannot now believe that you will ever feel better. But this is not true. You are sure to be happy again. Knowing this, truly believing it will make you less miserable now. I have had enough experience to make this statement.
David Foster Wallace|What if there was something essentially wrong with Claude Sylvanshine that wasn't wrong with other people? What if he was simple ill-suited, the way some people are born without limbs or certain organs? The neurology of failure. What if he was simply born and destined to live in the shadow of Total Fear and Despair, and all his so-called activities were pathetic attempts to distract him from the inevitable?
Erik Pevernagie|Wittgenstein likes to assert: "Whereof we cannot speak we must be silent". But skilfully using our hands and manipulating our thoughts can be plausible options to make ourselves understood. So, if we can’t say it, we can show and depict it. Whereof we cannot speak we can paint! ("Happy days are back again")
Tom Althouse, The Frowny Face Cow|No matter how busy we may believe we are, we have the wonderful opportunity presently of investing time with loved ones. For those are the great investments we will be glad we made, when time begins to slow and the ability to tend turns tender.
Amos Bronson Alcott|Education is that process by which thought is opened out of the soul, and, associated with outward . . . things, is reflected back upon itself, and thus made conscious of its reality and shape. It is Self-Realization. As a means, therefore, of educating the soul out of itself, and mirroring forth its ideas, the external world offers the materials. This is the dim glass in which the senses are first called to display the soul, until, aided by the keener state of imagination . . . it separates those outward types of itself from their sensual connection, in its own bright mirror recognizes again itself, as a distinctive object in space and time, but out of it in existence, and painting itself upon these, as emblems of its inner and super-sensual life which no outward thing can fully portray. . . . A language is to be instituted between [the child’s] spirit and the surrounding scene of things in which he dwells. . . . He who is seeking to know himself, should be ever seeking himself in external things, and by so doing will he be best able to find, and explore his inmost light.
Christopher Hitchens, Love, Poverty, and War: Journeys and Essays|I like contradictions. We have never attained the infinite variety and contradictions that exist in nature. Tomorrow I shall contradict myself. That is the one way I have of asserting my liberty, the real liberty one does not find as a member of society.
Sigizmund Krzhizhanovsky, Autobiography of a Corpse|When I strip away my dreams, what I imagine to be my potential, all the things I haven't said, what I imagine I feel for other people in the absence of my expressing it, all the rules I've made for myself that I don't follow--I see that I've done as little as anyone else in this world to deserve the grand moniker I.
faudas|1) I may lose something today, I may get anything else tomorrow. But, I can never lose and ever get one thing and thats ‘YOU’ So, be my friend forever!2) I CARE For U Bcoz You Are MY $weet……… friend for ever.3) Each day i meet some one new, But never find another u..The world is full of ppl its true,Yet no one ever equals a friend like you..4) A best friend is one who never get tired ,of listening to your pointless drama over and over again !5) Best friends have CONVERSATION impossible to UNDERSTAND for others.6) A good friend knows all your story , and a best friend has lived them with you.7) BEST FRIEND knows , how stupid you are, but still choose to be with you .8) BEST FRIENDS are like stars, you don’t always see them , but they are always there.9) You are my BEST FRIEND , my HUMAN DIARY and my OTHER HALF , you mean the WORLD for me.10) Best friends ,make the good time better and the hard times easier !!11) When destiny forget , to tie some people in relationship,it corrects its mistake by making them your best friends ..12) Best FRIENDS are like diamond , when you hit them they don’t break, they just slip away from your life.13) When I die, friends would come at my funeral, good friends would cry for me , but my BEST FRIEND would change my Whatsapp status ” Chilling WITH Jesus ”14) Weekly One Day Holiday, Monthly One Day Salary Day, Yearly One Day Birthday,Lifely One Day Death Day, But Sharing FRIENDSHIP with BEST FRIEND Is Every Day 
Kristin Armstrong|There's a certain fear of simplicity. I think that's the thing, when you're younger as an artist, you get this idea in your head that complexity equals quality. The more notes you're playing, the better.
Coco J. Ginger|…so many ticks steadily around the clock. My heart beats ferociously, as if to say it will not digest this leaving. But you are gone. I could never look into your tormenting eyes again. You mock me with each word you choose…. of the millions of words in the English tongue you could have chosen…you select the one’s that break me down.
Carl Henegan, Darkness Left Undone|Emotions retain a timeless photographic memory. Good or bad, you can never forget how a person makes you feel.
Lev Grossman|One by one, all of my college buddies had taken these nothing-special entry-level jobs, pushing papers for $18,000 or $21,000 a year (and hating the work besides), and I'd turn up my nose and tell them I wasn't about to get out of bed for anything less than $50,000. That was my line, my attitude.
Freeman Dyson|And secondly, I would impose a significant state landfill tipping fee and use that tipping fee to fund the billion dollar bond issue that I want to create to produce the funds for all of the environmental challenges that we just went over.
Robert Redford|I know that inner wisdom is more precious than wealth. The more you spend it, the more you gain.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Every Last Breath|It was just a kiss and it was nearly too much and it still wasn't enough, and it was just beautiful.
Zaha Hadid|Seeing architecture differently from the way you see the rest of life is a bit weird. I believe one should be consistent in all that one does, from the books you read to the way you bring up your children. Everything you do is connected.
Jaime Tenorio Valenzuela|the measure of achievements in life are directly related to the acquire knowledge, not to the social recognition.
Zeena Schreck|In order to understand why one chooses to be a Tantric practitioner, there has to be an understanding of cause and effect, cyclic existence, the awareness that the reality that we think we are seeing is not reality as it really truly is. So enlightenment is seeing reality with bare awareness, non-conceptual reality.
Zadie Smith, White Teeth|Cos if it's encyclopedias we've got enough, like, information... and if it's God, you've got the wrong house.
Howard Schultz|People don't understand being a child star is very hard because first off, to be a child star, you have to be very unique. These kids are talented to be able to do it at such a young age. At the same time, you go through the pressures of bullying and a lot of people not understanding.
Charlotte Eriksson, Empty Roads & Broken Bottles; in search for The Great Perhaps|What good is a fragile spirit, as when touched, shatters into a thousand pieces.
Tony Jones|And when again it’s morning, they’ ll wash away. Here it’s safe, here it’s warm Here the daisies guard you from every harm
Alison Miller, Becoming Yourself: Overcoming Mind Control and Ritual Abuse|In the 1890s, when Freud was in the dawn of his career, he was struck by how many of his female patients were revealing childhood incest victimization to him. Freud concluded that child sexual abuse was one of the major causes of emotional disturbances in adult women and wrote a brilliant and humane paper called “The Aetiology of Hysteria.” However, rather than receiving acclaim from his colleagues for his ground-breaking insights, Freud met with scorn. He was ridiculed for believing that men of excellent reputation (most of his patients came from upstanding homes) could be perpetrators of incest.Within a few years, Freud buckled under this heavy pressure and recanted his conclusions. In their place he proposed the “Oedipus complex,” which became the foundation of modern psychology. According to this theory any young girl actually desires sexual contact with her father, because she wants to compete with her mother to be the most special person in his life. Freud used this construct to conclude that the episodes of incestuous abuse his clients had revealed to him had never taken place; they were simply fantasies of events the women had wished for when they were children and that the women had come to believe were real. This construct started a hundred-year history in the mental health field of blaming victims for the abuse perpetrated on them and outright discrediting of women’s and children’s reports of mistreatment by men.Once abuse was denied in this way, the stage was set for some psychologists to take the view that any violent or sexually exploitative behaviors that couldn’t be denied—because they were simply too obvious—should be considered mutually caused. Psychological literature is thus full of descriptions of young children who “seduce” adults into sexual encounters and of women whose “provocative” behavior causes men to become violent or sexually assaultive toward them.I wish I could say that these theories have long since lost their influence, but I can’t. A psychologist who is currently one of the most influential professionals nationally in the field of custody disputes writes that women provoke men’s violence by “resisting their control” or by “attempting to leave.” She promotes the Oedipus complex theory, including the claim that girls wish for sexual contact with their fathers. In her writing she makes the observation that young girls are often involved in “mutually seductive” relationships with their violent fathers, and it is on the basis of such “research” that some courts have set their protocols. The Freudian legacy thus remains strong.
Jill Scott|I want to be known as A.J. Styles, the WWE Superstar that he is, and have amazing matches, make memories - I think that's the goal.
Kate Morton, The Forgotten Garden|I want you to remember what was good in me, not what was most awful. The people you love should be allowed to keep their worst to themselves.
James Weldon Johnson|Cops and robbers resemble each other, so there's not a lot to learn in terms of learning the logistics of committing the crime or investigating the crime.
Neal Stephenson, Seveneves|For Alwyn's grandfather, who was known as "the greatest talker in the country," used words which no one else understood, words which he did not understand, and words which do not exist, to swell a passionate theme, to confound his neighbors in an argument, and for their own sake. He would say, for example, "My farm was the very apocalypse of fertility, but the renter has rested on his oars till it is good for nothing," or "Manifest the bounty to pass the salt shaker in my direction." Something of the Bible, something of an Irish inheritance, something of a liar's anxiety, made of his most ordinary remark a strange and wearisome oratory.
Michael  Grant, Fear|It's worth it to stay alive. Because life is hard in the moment, it's hard to see what can be down the road. You get tunnel vision and I think that the current moment is all you have left. But that's not it. There can be come. Please let there be more. Please stay alive.
Matthew Polly, American Shaolin: Flying Kicks, Buddhist Monks, and the Legend of Iron Crotch: An Odyssey in the New China|When there is no news, we will give it to you with the same emphasis as if there were.
Simone Weil, Gravity and Grace|Are we Pakistanis, children of a lesser God? Is there one law for the west and one for us? Is our democracy supposed to be only democracy if you give us a no objection certificate?
Lauren Fox, Friends Like Us|Even in your closest friendships, you're alone. Maybe it's your best friend who, in fact, reminds you, just by making it her business to try to know your heart, that no one can - that our fate is to suffer in isolation and then die. But it's our collective fate! So I guess I'm an optimist.
Mel Gibson|You believe happiness to be derived from the place in which once you have been happy, but in truth it is centered in ourselves.
John Lewis Lund|After all, how many of our todays and of our tomorrows do we want to give our yesterdays? It is one thing to be victimized by another. It is quite another to victimize ourselves because we cannot learn from the past or forgive. Those who choose to live in the past, to live in the land of regret and complaint, do so at the sacrifice of their todays and their tomorrows.
Kevin N. Laland, Darwin's Unfinished Symphony: How Culture Made the Human Mind|In an unfamiliar culture, it is wise to offer no innovations, no suggestions, or lessons. The epitome of sophistication is utter simplicity.
Ted Hughes, Letters of Ted Hughes|Sometimes it helps to pick out one person-a real person you know, or an imagined person-and write to that one.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The mind is a temple of knowledge, the heart is a temple of understanding, and the soul is a temple of wisdom; together they are a temple of enlightenment.
Binta Userkaf, Itchikan: 'til death do us part|I love you because you're you. Neither of us are perfect, but if we put the tiny bit of perfection that we do have together and choose to learn from either others imperfections, that makes us as a whole, perfect. It's like putting together a broken heart. One half can't be a full heart without the other half.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Angel's Game|I wandered off, walking through streets that seemed emptier than ever, thinking that if I didn't stop, if I kept on walking, I wouldn't notice that the world I thought I knew was no longer there.
Eudora Welty, On Writing|Long before I wrote stories, I listened for stories. Listening for them is something more acute than listening to them. I suppose it's an early form of participation in what goes on. Listening children know stories are there. When their elders sit and begin, children are just waiting and hoping for one to come out, like a mouse from it's hole.
Brownell Landrum, A Chorus of Voices: DUET stories Volume III - Adult Version|Dark energy is the absence of love, just as black is the absence of color. The more love, the more colors added to the palette, the more light is achieved.
Tom Hiddleston|I guess something that you love to do, you gotta ease up off it and give it a little space, come back and be fresh to it.
Thomas Jefferson|A wise and frugal government, which shall restrain men from injuring one another, shall leave them otherwise free to regulate their own pursuits of industry and improvement, and shall not take from the mouth of labor the bread it has earned.
Herodotus, The Histories|He asked, 'Croesus, who told you to attack my land and meet me as an enemy instead of a friend?'The King replied, 'It was caused by your good fate and my bad fate. It was the fault of the Greek gods, who with their arrogance, encouraged me to march onto your lands. Nobody is mad enough to choose war whilst there is peace. During times of peace, the sons bury their fathers, but in war it is the fathers who send their sons to the grave.
Toni Sorenson|Keeping Christ in Christmas" is like showing up at someone's house every year, insisting on a party they never planned and never agreed to.
Thomas Merton, Gandhi On Non-Violence|Jesus lived and died in vain if He did not teach us to regulate the whole of life by the eternal law of love. Gandhi, quoted in Merton, p. 38
John B. Arden, Rewire Your Brain: Think Your Way to a Better Life|As soon as you open your mind to doing things differently, the doors of opportunity practically fly off their hinges.
Steven Franssen, Make Self-Knowledge Great Again|This tiny, white-washed Infants' room was a brief but cosy anarchy. In that short time allowed us we played and wept, broke things, fell asleep, cheeked the teacher, discovered things we could do to each other, and exhaled our last guiltless days.My desk companions were those two blonde girls, already puppyishly pretty, whose names and bodies were to distract and haunt me for the next fifteen years of my life. Poppy and Jo were limper chums; they sat holding hands all day; and there was a female self-possession about their pink sticky faces that made me shout angrily at them.Vera was another I studied and liked; she was lonely, fuzzy and short. I felt a curious compassion for stumpy Vera; and it was through her, and no beauty, that I got into trouble and received the first public shock of my life. How it happened was simple, and I was innocent, so it seemed. She came up to me in the playground one morning and held her face close to mine. I had a stick in my hand, so I hit her on the head with it. Her hair was springy, so I hit her again and watched her mouth open up with a yell. To my surprise a commotion broke out around me, cries of scandal from the older girls, exclamations of horror and heavy censure mixed with Vera's sobbing wails. I was intrigued, not alarmed, that by wielding a beech stick I was able to cause such a stir. So I hit her again, without spite or passion, then walked off to try something else.
Karen Blixen, Out of Africa|When you build a fence around yourself, you'll wonder why people are afraid to approach you, because the pride in the fence is the cause of your blindness.
Ben Stein|I am a Jew, and every single one of my ancestors was Jewish. And it does not bother me even a little bit when people call those beautiful lit up, bejeweled trees Christmas trees. I don't feel threatened. I don't feel discriminated against.
Kate Horsley, Confessions of a Pagan Nun|I learned regret in the ruins of Tarbfhlaith. I regretted that ambition had ruled my heart instead of affection for my kin. And with the lesson of regret came the gratitude for having life still to move my lips and limbs, and to speak kind words to and embrace those I may not see again on this sweet-smelling earth. I learned that I cannot wait to love what is in my presence, for it or I may well be gone tomorrow. To some, such as Giannon, this lesson poisons the heart with bitterness. But such bitterness has no value and is, in fact, cowardly. For bitterness risks nothing.
Coco Chanel|If you were born without wings, do nothing to prevent them from growing.
David Grossman, Her Body Knows|He falls quiet again and tries to understand how he can be saying these things, how it can be that his dark words are coming out into the light and yet he is still alive. At once he storms the doorway that has suddenly opened for him in the endless corridor in which he has been bumping around for years; words spill out, cut off, confused, ashamed, squeezing out.
Umberto Eco, Postscript to the Name of the Rose|The fine thing about pacts with the devil is that when you sign them you are well aware of their conditions. Otherwise, why would you be recompensed with hell?
Janet Frame|Writing a novel is not merely going on a shopping expedition across the border to an unreal land: it is hours and years spent in the factories, the streets, the cathedrals of the imagination. 
Orchid Ch'ng|When the line between right and wrong slowly dims, all that’s wrong will be divinely delicious, and ruthlessly fought for!
Ken Kesey, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest|...I think apparatus burned out all over the ward trying to adjust to her come busting in like she did-took electronic readings on her and calculated they weren't built to handle something like this on the ward, and just burned out, like machines committing suicide.
Scott Bradfield, The History Of Luminous Motion|take words and make them useful,' she told me. 'drain them of all the crappy meanings they used to mean and make them mean something useful instead.
Phil Mitchell, A Bright New Morning: An American Story|Understanding faith can be like trying to hold onto jello. Just when you think you've got a handful of the stuff, all you really have is the residue all over your sticky hands.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|When the thing that your heart strongly loves to do is the thing world hungers and thirsts to see done, then that's what you were called to do. You must never leave it undone!
Khaled Hosseini, A Thousand Splendid Suns|Pity womankind, but never a woman.
Richard Branson|Believe it or not, I make myself laugh. Sometimes when I have thoughts or say some things that are funny, it just makes me laugh, and I don't mind laughing at it before you guys do.
Laurie Perez, Torpor: Though the Heart Is Warm|Paeng leans back and rests his hand flat on the table. “Vince.”Blushing, he snaps at his friend. “I dropped the bra on the wet tarp and I guess I must have accidentally gotten paint on it and touched it to my cheek, okay?”Paeng is silent as Vince sighs. “I didn’t mean to take my upset out on you, sorry.”“No big. So, you fondled it. Was it good for you?” Paeng’s eyes glitter, making Vince’s anxiety flare.“I couldn’t help myself! The girl’s smoking hot and yet she doesn’t appear to own trashy underwear.” He feels all dreamy just thinking about it. “It’s simple and soft . . . it felt so nice. She’s not like any of the girls I’ve met before. She’s direct, feisty and artistic and I bet she’s really smart. She’s nothing like the usual MOM Girl and she’s not even my type. But her underwear is beautiful. She doesn’t wear slutty underwear because she doesn’t put on airs, and oh, God, that’s so attractive. What I wouldn’t give to see—”Paeng face palms Vince. “Dude. You are waxing poetic about cotton underwear like my sisters wear when they get their periods. It’s just underwear. It is not the key to Dani’s psyche. You are making the kind of assumptions about her that lead to expensive rings, one point two kids, and minivans. You are in trouble.
Louise Penny, The Cruelest Month|All I wanted was a man who could love and who loved me, who I could share my secrets with and know his.
Olivier J. Blanchard, Social Media ROI: Managing and measuring social media efforts in your organization|international force. Finally, these issues are tackled both at the individual
Harsha Walia, Undoing Border Imperialism|Butterflies have always had wings; people have always had legs. While history is marked by the hybridity of human societies & the desire for movement, the reality of most of migration today reveals the unequal relations between rich & poor, between North and South, between whiteness and its others.
Quentin R. Bufogle|So, my dear fellow, if I don't believe in God, I believe still less in man.
Michael Bassey Johnson|They may take you for a fool, promise to shower you with the world, use their canny devastating tongue to manipulate and dominate your mind, but its better to put them bulshit people at arms length rather than falling into the arms of infidelity.
Dan Wells, I Am Not A Serial Killer|A hallowed frequency withinThat, even in your darkest hour,You can always turn to.
Georges Duhamel|I've never been one to be too careful with my diet. If I really start watching what I eat, I'm already a thin guy - I just won't have any physical strength. I think I'll disappear if I don't eat what I need to eat or what I like to eat.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning|One would like to be grand and heroic, if one could; but if not, why try at all? One wants to be very something, very great, very heroic; or if not that, then at least very stylish and very fashionable. It is this everlasting mediocrity that bores me.
Pearl Zhu, 100 Creativity Ingredients: Everyone’s Playbook to Unlock Creativity|Intuition is often conceived as a kind of inner perception, sometimes regarded as lucidity or understanding.
Elena Ferrante, The Story of a New Name|Maybe we really are made of the same clay, maybe we really are condemned, blameless, to the same, identical mediocrity.
James Emlund|The base is as strong as the foundation, the tree's trunk as sturdy as the depth it took root. And when we witness this the questions of past introspection could also be: When did certain reinforcements of that foundation get established?And why were there cracks to begin with?...that could take you so far back depending on the person, for that matter, any intelligent life-form, to make you ask:How could I compassionately hold anyone so against what I know I possibly once did myself?
Mark Andrew Poe, Halloween Nightmares|Not accustomed to entertaining angels, are we?” he asked.
David Malpass|The people and the mindset that killed 3,000 of our fellow citizens on September 11 2001, would have killed not 3,000, but 300,000 if they could have or 3 million or 30 million. We need to do everything we can within our value systems and legal structures to make sure that doesn't happen.
Todd Stocker|...ask yourself, "Who's getting the glory in this ministry?" You see, if we do ministry OUR way, it won't be for His glory, because our ways are not His ways.
Jen Campbell, Weird Things Customers Say in Bookshops|CUSTOMER: Do you have this children's book I've heard about? It's supposed to be very good. It's called "Lionel Richie and the Wardrobe.
Leslie Odom, Jr.|We have no right to pick out all that is noblest and fairest in man, to project these qualities into space, and to call them God. We only thus create an ideal figure, a purified, ennobled, 'magnified' Man.
Mary Roach|I will tell you with 100 percent confidence, Jon Jones is not deep in my head. The fact he actually thinks that, it makes me smile every day.
Rick Perlstein|Stories are "how we organize the chaos of experience into the order we require just a carry-on." Joan Gideon
Kenny Loggins|I assess the power of a will by how much resistance, pain, torture it endures and knows how to turn to its advantage.
Sabrina James|Your Sacrifices Create The Run Way For Your Blessings, It Has To Be A Sacrifice From You To Attract God's Attention
Rick Yancey, The 5th Wave|Tweaking your body , it's all about trying to make your physical self fit with who you are inside
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|The success of a civil order should not be judged by its most affluent members, but by the standard of living of its poor.
Chris Cornell|I like a deep sports massage - a casual beating up. I try to get them whenever I can, usually more if I'm getting in shape for a role.
Ellen DeGeneres|Today, few terrorist organizations still employ the 'al-Qaeda model' in which individuals travel to terrorist training camps overseas and then are deployed to the West to inflict atrocities.
Gina Damico, Croak|Let me go!" She tore off a mirror and brandished it in his face. "I mean it! I don't want to go to your godforsaken hellbarn, you retarded psycho farmer!
Ellie Kemper|When I got married in 1991, I had never been to a wedding, so I didn't know that my wedding was tacky. I didn't know that I was getting married in a quinceanera dress, because there was nobody there to cry over me and tell me I look like a fool.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Lectures to My Students|Imagine a world in which generations of human beings come to believe that certain films were made by God or that specific software was coded by him. Imagine a future in which millions of our descendants murder each other over rival interpretations of Star Wars or Windows 98. Could anything—anything—be more ridiculous? And yet, this would be no more ridiculous than the world we are living in.
Roman Payne|Youth is only being in a way like it might be an animal. No, it is not just like being an animal so much as being like one of these malenky toys you viddy being sold in the streets, like little chellovecks made out of tin and with a spring inside and then a winding handle on the outside and you wind it up grrr grrr grrr and off it itties, like walking, O my brothers. But it itties in a straight line and bangs straight into things bang bang and it cannot help what it is doing. Being young is like being like one of these malenky machines.
Barbara Coloroso|We can all be successful and make money, but when we die, that ends. But when you are significant is when you help other people be successful. That lasts many a lifetime.
Sri Jibankrishna or Diamond|Ten minutes of deep relaxation five times a day would change anyone's life, whether or not he or she suffered from colitis.
Álvaro Mutis, The Adventures and Misadventures of Maqroll|Life with Ilona was invariably lived on two levels, or rather in two simultaneous and parallel directions. On the one hand, your feet were always on the ground, you were always intelligently but not obsessively alert to what each day offered in response to the routine question of surviving. On the other hand, imagination and unbounded fantasy suggested a spontaneous and unexpected sequence of scenarios that were always aimed at the radical subversion of every law ever written or established. This was a permanent, organic, rigorous subversion that never permitted travel on the beaten path, the road preferred by most people, the traditional patterns that offer protection to those whom Ilona, without emphasis or pride but without any concessions either, would call "the others.
Ernest Becker, Escape from Evil|Today we are living the grotesque spectacle of the poisoningof the earth by the nineteenth-century hero system of unrestrainedmaterial production. This is perhaps the greatest and most pervasiveevil to have emerged in all of history, and it may eveneventually defeat all of mankind. Still there are no "twisted" peoplewhom we can hold responsible for this.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|A single act of kindness is like a drop of oil on a patch of dry skin—seeping, spreading, and affecting more than the original need.
Muhammad Iqbal|If we must not act save on a certainty, we ought not to act on religion, for it is not certain. But how many things we do on an uncertainty, sea voyages, battles!
Frederick Buechner, Now and Then: A Memoir of Vocation|It is within the bonds of marriage that I, for one, found a greater freedom to be and to become and to share myself thatn I can imaine ever having found in any other kind of relationship.
Yasmin Tirado-Chiodini, Antonio's Will|What you are about to witness is a blot upon the civilization of the twentieth century."- Sing Sing Deputy Warden Spencer Miller, Addressing Antonio Pontón’s execution witnesses on January 7, 1916
Thich Nhat Hanh|Understanding is the other name of love. If you don’t understand, you can’t love.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|With poetry, rules are meant to be broken. And that's the beauty of poetry; it's rebellious, like me.
Charles Duhigg|We should make it as easy as possible to be able to get a legal work visa - not citizenship, not a green card. Just a work visa, with a background check and a Social Security card so that applicable taxes would get paid.
Michael Altshuler|The owner of the Agut d'Avignon had the air of a 1920s dandy who had ruined himself with one mad night of gambling at baccarat and had only been saved by this restaurant, which he seemed to cherish as if it were his wife or a good fountain pen.
Bjorn Street, Secret of the Mummy|Do they still hurt?" she whispered in anguished surprise."No," Jason said tautly. Shame washed over him in sickening waves as he waited helplessly for her inevitable reaction to the stark evidence of his humiliation.To his utter disbelief he felt her arms encircle him from behind and the touch of her lips on his back. "How brave you must have been to endure this," she whispered achingly, "how strong to survive it and go on living..." When she began kissing each scar, Jason rolled to his side and jerked her into his arms. "I love you," he whispered agonizedly, plunging his hands into her luxuriant hair and turning her face up to his. "I love you so much...
Timothy J. Keller|One of these days some simple soul will pick up the book of God, read it, and believe it. Then the rest of us will be embarrassed.
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross|I don't fear death because I don't fear anything I don't understand. When I start to think about it, I order a massage and it goes away.
Zachary Gordon|I want to work, but being a mom is my No. 1 priority.
Jane Smiley, The Greenlanders|Some folk learned the nature of God, that He was merciful, having spared a husband or some cattle, that He was strict, having meted out hard punishment for small sins, that He was attentive, having sent signs of the hunger beforehand, that He was just, having sent the hunger in the first place, or having sent the whales and the teeming reindeer in the end. Some folk learned that He was to be found in the world-in the richness of the grass and the pearly beauty of the Heavens, and others learned that He could not be found in the world, for the world is always wanting, and God is completion.
Raheel Farooq|Earlier fundamental work of Whitehead, Russell, Wittgenstein, Carnap, Whorf, etc., as well as my own attempt to use this earlier thinking as an epistemological base for psychiatric theory, led to a series of generalizations: That human verbal communication can operate and always does operate at many contrasting levels of abstraction. These range in two directions from the seemingly simple denotative level (“The cat is on the mat”). One range or set of these more abstract levels includes those explicit or implicit messages where the subject of discourse is the language. We will call these metalinguistic (for example, “The verbal sound ‘cat’ stands for any member of such and such class of objects”, or “The word, ‘cat’ has no fur and cannot scratch”). The other set of levels of abstraction we will call metacommunicative (e.g., “My telling you where to ﬁnd the cat was friendly”, or “This is play”). In these, the subject of discourse is the relationship between the speakers. It will be noted that the vast majority of both metalinguistic and metacommunicative messages remain implicit; and also that, especially in the psychiatric interview, there occurs a further class of implicit messages about how metacommunicative messages of friendship and hostility are to be interpreted.
Connie Kerbs, Paths of Fear: An Anthology of Overcoming Through Courage, Inspiration, and the Miracle of Love|Obedience, responsibility, rules and safety are loyal, inseparable playmates. But Love is their wise mother, who knows there are times to break them up, at least for a bit, lest they get into some kind of arrogant, bullish, mischief or completely shut out their other siblings - joy, common sense, and compassion.
Darius Rucker|We will invest in our people, quality education, job opportunity, family, neighborhood, and yes, a thing we call America.
Marguerite Yourcenar, Memoirs of Hadrian|Of all our games, love's play is the only one which threatens to unsettle the soul, and is also the only one in which the player has to abandon himself to the body's ecstasy.
Don Roff|You're never as good a writer as you think you are, and you're never as bad. Just keep reading and writing, writing, writing.
Anthony Jacob|What's truly important--and what I find myself forgetting and having to relearn--is that right here, right now, I am free. Free to be myself and to express myself.
Sarah  Porter, Lost Voices|This is how you will remember that you are mine. Every painful touch, everyaching hug, will remind you - that you are a slave - to me.
Taylor Rhodes, calloused: a field journal|highway wildflowers swaying like the ocean. queen anne’s lace like doilies for a tea party never attended. this is a conversation between two parts of yourself. the fever will break soon, but until then i’ll be untangling you from the knots in my windblown hair. i smell like a wet forest, like long grass covered in sequins. i called your name but was drowned out by the thunder. i remember you murmuring, “please,” while you took my shirt off. i remember you and the airy “please” when you pulled me toward you by my legs. i remember “pleeease” while i learned how to let go. i remember your divine “please.” chanting it as if it’d draw a demon out of hiding. “please, please, please.” and i screamed, “yes.
Brenda Perlin, Shattered Reality|First of all, he was not my type. He was nice, considerate, unselfish and grounded; qualities I’d never experienced in a man. Usually, I went for the self centered, screwed up, “I’m lost, will you be my mother” type.
Anna Akhmatova, The Complete Poems of Anna Akhmatova|Graham’s thoughts of me were not entirely those of a frozen indifference, after all. I believe in that goodly mansion, his heart, he kept one little place under the skylights where Lucy might have entertainment, if she chose to call. It was not so handsome as the chambers where he lodged his male friends; it was not like the hall where he accommodated his philanthropy, or the library where he treasured his science, still less did it resemble the pavilion where his marriage feast was splendidly spread; yet, gradually, by long and equal kindness, he proved to me that he kept one little closet, over the door of which was written ‘Lucy’s Room.’ I kept a place for him too — a place of which I never took the measure, either by rule or compass: I think it was like the tent of Peri-Banou. All my life long I carried it folded in the hollow of my hand — yet, released from that hold and constriction, I knew not but its innate capacity for expanse might have magnified it into a tabernacle for a host.
Nigel Slater|Food is, for me, for everybody, a very sexual thing and I think I realised that quite early on. I still cannot exaggerate how just putting a meal in front of somebody is really more of a buzz for me than anything. And I mean anything. Maybe that goes back to trying to please my dad, I don't know. It's like parenting in a way I suppose.
Cristiano Ronaldo|I think laughter is the best medicine. If you can't laugh at yourself, then you can't laugh at life and the silliness of it all.
Auliq-Ice|The happiness of childhood, the calming of a child's fears and the healthy development of its self-confidence depend directly upon love.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If an ant carries an object a hundred times its weight, you can carry burdens many times your size.
Cornel West, The Rich and the Rest of Us: A Poverty Manifesto|In a democracy the poor will have more power than the rich, because there are more of them, and the will of the majority is supreme. --Aristotle
Gad Elmaleh|My goal was never to be famous, but to be a consistently working actor.
Donald McCaig|Holiday? Is like, what? I'm a hyperactive girl, so it may be boring for me to be on the beach doing nothing. I just need to find a place for three weeks and work but sleep in the morning, maybe write a little bit, have a glass of red wine. That's my perfect holiday.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|By the 1980's and 1990's, Moore's Law had emerged as the underlying assumption that governed almost everything in the Valley, from technology to business, education, and even culture. The "law" said the number of transistors would double every couple of years. It dictated that nothing stays the same for more than a moment; no technology is safe from its successor; costs fall and computing power increases not at a constant rate but exponentially: If you're not running on what became known as " Internet time," you're falling behind.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In the sacred season, we shall harvest the ripen fruit.
Katerina Stoykova Klemer, The Porcupine of Mind|So, what did you learn?Curiosity asked the Cat, thenpoked her carcass with a stick.
C. N. Lester|We assume that anything that is new to us is new to human society as a whole, and that if we don’t see it reflected in history textbooks and in recent memory then it cannot have existed for long.
Vinko Vrbanic|Nothing can be located in space and time w/out changing angles. Perceive Him as God, or Spirit, or Son, these are mere snapshots from three different angles of one and the same being. Unless the Christians learn how to put them together, they would learn nothing concerning the essence of the Eternal.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|sometimes in your works, give people the opportunity to express their ignorance; then you prove the wrong with your works.
Jodi Picoult, The Pact|How could she trust this man, so imprecise with his words, to take care of the burial? To say there had been a loss was ludicrous; one lost a shoe or a pair of keys. You did not suffer the death of a child and say there was a loss. There was a catastrophe. A devastation. A hell.
Mother Teresa|The more you have, the more you are occupied, the less you give. But the less you have the more free you are. Poverty for us is a freedom. It is not mortification, a penance. It is joyful freedom. There is no television here, no this, no that. But we are perfectly happy.
Jeanette Coron|You are creating your future with the thoughts, words and choices you are making in the present.
Andrea Ball, Seek God: 40 Days of Intimacy & Growth|Would God be a frequent contact or an in case of emergency in your phone? If he is only an in case of emergency, he will you in different emergencies so he can be frequently contacted.
Dr. Deepak S. Hiwale|For everyone you create to be dependent on you, you are equally dependent on them. Neither relationship is healthy.
Jason W. Blair|It is not so much as to say that something has occured; but to describe the very essence of the occurance. One must take hold of his readers and pull them into his world...the world that he has penned, with the utmost care and attentiveness. And then, when the readers are fully submerged in this magnificently crafted place of wonder; they will see, and touch, and smell, and feel all the elements of the author's imagination.
Jay Rayner, Eating Crow: A Novel of Apology|Too often we only identify the crucial points in our lives in retrospect. At the time we are too absorbed in the fetid detail of the moment to spot where it is leading us. But not this time. I was experiencing one of my dad’s deafening moments. If my life could be understood as a meal of many courses (and let’s be honest, much of it actually was), then I had finished the starters and I was limbering up for the main event. So far, of course, I had made a stinking mess of it. I had spilled the wine. I had dropped my cutlery on the floor and sprayed the fine white linen with sauce. I had even spat out some of my food because I didn’t like the taste of it.“But it doesn’t matter because, look, here come the waiters. They are scraping away the debris with their little horn and steel blades, pulled with studied grace from the hidden pockets of their white aprons. They are laying new tablecloths, arranging new cutlery, placing before me great domed wine glasses, newly polished to a sparkle. There are more dishes to come, more flavors to try, and this time I will not spill or spit or drop or splash. I will not push the plate away from me, the food only half eaten. I am ready for everything they are preparing to serve me. Be in no doubt; it will all be fine.” (pp.115-6)
Kristin Neff, Self-Compassion: The Proven Power of Being Kind to Yourself|Compassion is, by definition, relational. Compassion literally means “to suffer with,” which implies a basic mutuality in the experience of suffering. The emotion of compassion springs from the recognition that the human experience is imperfect.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The only way to know is to learn, relearn and unlearn.
Confucius|The purpose of human life is to serve, and to show compassion and the will to help others.
Robyn Schneider, The Beginning of Everything|You're funny.' Phoebe passed me the last chocolate cupcake. 'And I always thought your friends were laughing over their own farts.''Ninety percent of Eastwood's male population laughs over their own farts. Present company excluded, naturally.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Church was never meant to be a place for gods to gather, but for devils wanting to shed their horns for halos.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Crescendo|We are deluded when we think that we do not have a direct line to heaven, that heaven doesn’t stand ready to help us. Oh! If only you knew the angels that walk beside you, support and protect you on the journey that you’ve chosen to walk.
Artur Fidler|Live, life, love, laugh!
Keira D. Skye|A thick, intense fog was rolling in from the ocean, which created long, strange shadows to form like creatures of their own kind.
Auliq Ice|Life is always good, if those who are living a round you are happy with what's going on.
Winston S. Churchill|War is a game that is played with a smile. If you can't smile, grin. If you can't grin, keep out of the way till you can.
Nishikant, The Papery Onions|The world is made out of Nutella. You just need to stick your tongue out, so that you could really taste it.
Brennan Manning, Abba's Child: The Cry of the Heart for Intimate Belonging|we unwittingly project onto God our own attitudes and feelings toward ourselves... But we cannot assume that He feels about us the way we feel about ourselves -- unless we love ourselves compassionately, intensely, and freely. 
Alex Z. Moores, Living in Water|in your dream, you are jealous of tragedies.and the truth is, we all want our own tragedy, because life is pale without it.we want the teeth, the screaming.the survivalthat comes with it.
Gail Herman, Dulcie's Taste of Magic|When the management iceberg is shaped like a huge phallus, you know that there are a lot of tossers that the top penguin has had to climb over to reach the tip and that there is no shortage of the same caliber of penguin in the balls and shaft of the corporation, just waiting for their chance to get a spurt to the top. Should I sugar coat this a little more? or tell it like it is?
Mohamed Ghazi, Honest|Let's tell the truth. Mr. Reagan will raise taxes, and so will I. He won't tell you. I just did.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Action is king, but wisdom is queen.
John Maiorana (oohGiovanni)|Talk is cheap for the man who boasts his worth, you don't have to take my word to know who i am.
Sunday Adelaja|The distance between your head and your heart is only twelve inches, but it's the difference between information and transformation. It's not enough to invite Jesus into your mind. You have to open the door to your heart of hearts. No door can remain locked. Even the door to your hidden room.Nothing entangles the emotions like sin. And if you sin long enough, it feels like a Gordian knot that seems impossible to untangle. But Jesus Christ went to the cross to undo what you have done. He broke the curse of sin so you can break the cycle of sin.
Ziad K. Abdelnour|He sighed. "Does it get tiring?""What?""Always thinking you're right."I smiled. "No, not really. It's other people not realizing I'm right that gets tiring.
Goldy Moldavsky, Kill the Boy Band|See? Reading you all night has strengthened me. That’s what God’s love does. If you’re beginning to feel uncomfortable now, it’s because the changes in you are already beginning to happen and one day you’ll be glad to say, Deliver me from meaninglessness.
Dexter Palmer, Version Control|Sometimes in my tent, last at night, I think I can hear the stars scraping, against the sky.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Before three thousand people were brought into the church on the day of Pentecost, the disciples had spent fifty days in prayer, fasting, and spiritual travail.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, The Fortunes of Perkin Warbeck|If grief kills us not, we kill it. Not that I cease to grieve; for each hour, revealing to me how excelling and matchless the being was, who once was mine, but renews the pang with which I deplore my alien state upon earth. But such is God's will; I am doomed to a divided existence, and I submit. Meanwhile I am human; and human affections are the native, luxuriant growth of a heart, whose weakness it is, too eagerly, and too fondly, to seek objects on whom to expend its yearning.
Shilpa Sandesh|My soul is impatient with itself, as with a bothersome child; its restlessness keeps growing and is forever the same. Everything interests me, but nothing holds me. I attend to everything, dreaming all the while. […]. I'm two, and both keep their distance — Siamese twins that aren't attached.-
Thomas Hobbes, Leviathan|Felicity is a continual progress of the desire, from one object to another; the attaining of the former being still but the way to the latter.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|Ten years from now, make sure you can say that you CHOSE your life, you didn’t SETTLE for it.
William Wordsworth|With an eye made quiet by the power of harmony, and the deep power of joy, we see into the life of things.
Khadija Rupa|That day and night, the bleeding and the screaming, had knocked something askew for Esme, like a picture swinging crooked on a wall. She loved the life she lived with her mother. It was beautiful. It was, she sometimes thought, a sweet emulation of the fairy tales they cherished in their lovely, gold-edged books. They sewed their own clothes from bolts of velvet and silk, ate all their meals as picnics, indoors or out, and danced on the rooftop, cutting passageways through the fog with their bodies. They embroidered tapestries of their own design, wove endless melodies on their violins, charted the course of the moon each month, and went to the theater and the ballet as often as they liked--every night last week to see Swan Lake again and again. Esme herself could dance like a faerie, climb trees like a squirrel, and sit so still in the park that birds would come to perch on her. Her mother had taught her all that, and for years it had been enough. But she wasn't a little girl anymore, and she had begun to catch hints and glints of another world outside her pretty little life, one filled with spice and poetry and strangers.
Ron Serino|Freely chosen, discipline is absolute freedom.
Eugen Weber|If cats could write history, their history would be mostly about cats.
Jeanette Winterson, Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit|In the library I felt better, words you could trust and look at till you understood them, they couldn't change half way through a sentence like people, so it was easier to spot a lie.
Meghan Markle|At the end of the day, if the guy is going to write the girl a letter, whether it's chicken scratch or scribble or looks like a doctor's note, if he takes the time to put pen to paper and not type something, there's something so incredibly romantic and beautiful about that.
Hiroko Sakai|A blessed companion is a book! A book that, fitly chosen, is a life-long friend.
Kara Lee Corthron, The Truth of Right Now|In my card catalogue, the Dewey Decimal System had placed him firmly under Ancient History.
William Steig, Dominic|Oh, Life, I am yours. Whatever it is you want of me, I am ready to give.
J.R.R. Tolkien, Tree and Leaf: Includes Mythopoeia and The Homecoming of Beorhtnoth|Disheartened, enraptured, and strangely lightheaded, Grady emerged from the trees and walked back through town to the island bridge, his ankles and hands marked up with thorn scratches.
Tanya R. Liverman, In The Mirror: A Woman's Saga|There is a root to every action, which is really a reaction to what is going on inside of us.
Stephen Cope, Yoga and the Quest for the True Self|....and on occasion I like to write in pencil, because I need to know that I can erase the words, even if I never do.
Leon Kukkuk, Letters to Gabriella: Angola's Last War for Peace, What the UN Did and Why|Most argument, and in fact most conflict, has nothing to do with the present. It's always about the past or the future. People can't agree on the details of what has happened or is going to happen. But we rarely know what has happened, and we never know what is going to happen. What is really at dispute is how we will deal with not knowing.
Brian D'Ambrosio, Fresh Oil and Loose Gravel: Road Poetry by Brian D'Ambrosio 1998-2008|Besides, she was alone and those who drink alone, she decided, had no need of any impediments to the pure act of consumption.
Priscilla Shirer, God is Able|Lord, please do this ... or do something better!
Mahrukh|Love yourself for who you are, you worth it.
Herbert M. Kliebard|What's the point in being here if you have to follow a computer? What is this, a fucking Turing test in reverse?
Ian Goldin|Politics is like football; if you see daylight, go through the hole.
Miya Yamanouchi|If you notice yourself viewing a potential partner as a "work in progress", that's a sign to find someone else.
Musin Almat Zhumabekovich|Envy loves to tease a man constantly playing yo-yo, which is a cherished dream man.
D.F. Monk, Tales of Yhore: The Chronicles of Monch|Monch was on no simple retreat. The journey he had plotted for himself was much longer, and took him many buckets away from Appollon to Angarr's Sorrow, the land of fetid bogs in southeastern Sarthiss. This was a world far away from everything he knew... from everyone he knew. Granted, the list of people he knew was exceptionally short, especially since Monch was horrible with names and only slightly less horrible with faces. Regardless, he did not wish to accidentally advertise his inexperience to anyone he might possibly know, which is why he travelled so far afield.There were ruins in the swamps, ruins hidden under years of neglect and heavy with decay. Things lurked in those ruins, inhuman beasts with forbidden hungers. He intended to use the dangers of the swamps as the whetstone that would hone his abilities to a razor-keen edge. Monch would test his blade against and come back all the stronger......or dead.No... that wasn't right. Given the fact that he was immortal, death really wasn't an option. So then, he would come back stronger......or something something horrible. Monch decided to fill in those particular details later on, when he had time to ponder his autobiography at length. He would tidy up that particular idiom later.
Jean-Paul Sartre|When the people you love are gone, you're alone.
Douglas Adams|What's up?" [asked Ford.]"I don't know," said Marvin, "I've never been there.
J. Limbu|The hour is only love thus, if you've waited.
Tim Wu, The Attention Merchants: The Epic Scramble to Get Inside Our Heads|Life is a journey. We hear it often. Do we care about the intermediate destinations? No, we are sleeping and dreaming. If this is true, how can we pursue life as our journey?
Karen Hawkins, How to Capture a Countess|Men think they like to be challenged. The truth is, they only like to be challenged if they win.
Sunday Adelaja|Never stand on one spot, always be doing something in line with your calling
Eugene H. Peterson, The Message Remix|That's why I tell stories: to create readiness, to nudge the people toward receptive insight. In their present state they can stare till doomsday and not see it, listen till they're blue in the face and not get it.
Erik Pevernagie|If we don’t live in the same vibe, it is hard to be aware of each other. When our reading differs from our neighbors’ reality, our surroundings may take a range of discordant shades and daily episodes become unrecognizable. But if we endeavor to find out, the “who is who”, the “what is what” and the “where is Waldo”, we might demonstrate our social literacy and connectedness. ("Fish for silence.")
Andrew Jobling, Accidental Author|The thing about being a screenwriter, scriptwriter, or scenarist, You get to have multiple personalities and not be charged!
Halldór Laxness, Independent People|Ironically, just when she needed to get as much sleep as possible to prepare her for the next few days, her excited anticipation kept her awake long into the night.
Fred Andrea|External beauty is certainly cool to admire, but when worshipped - it eclipses internal shine.
Stendhal|... By disarming, you at once give offense, since you show your subjects that you distrust them, either as doubting their courage, or as doubting their fidelity, each of which imputations begets hatred against you.
Cash Peters, Instant Insight: Secrets of Life, Love, and Destiny Revealed in Your Handwriting|When you're up against adversity, when your shots aren't falling, when guys are hanging on you, pushing you, fouling you, and you're not getting calls, that's when discipline matters. Instead of flying off the handle or blaming your teammates, the officials, or the opposition, players have to keep calm and act decisively to change the tide. Playing the blame game is a sure sign that a team has not jelled and is taking the wrong path
Gillian Marchenko, Still Life: A Memoir of Living Fully with Depression|Having to admit that you are depressed makes one feel less than. Broken. Yes, that's what it is. Broken.
Dalai Lama XIV|I'm not their hero, but that doesn't mean that I wasn't brave. I never walked the party line, but that doesn't mean that I was never afraid. I'm not your hero, but that doesn't mean we're not one and the same.
Yehuda Berg|Writing, to me, is simply thinking through my fingers.
Stephen King, The Stand|Of the spirit of women. - The spiritual power of a woman is best demonstrated by her sacrificing her own spirit to that of a man out of love of him and of his spirit but then, despite this sacrifice, immediately evolving _a new spirit_ within the new domain, originally alien to her nature, to which the man's disposition impels her. (from Assorted Opinions & Maxims 272)-- This is the first time among years of reading Nietzsche that i agree with his words on women: this aphorism captures a few quintessences of true and gallant womanhood, namely the will(ingness) to sacrifice (not only to others but also to the necessity that arises in a context), the balance between creative and reactive, the free-spiritedness out of such balance without conceit and swagger, and the malleability/fluidity without blind submission. (It is momentous to note that the man-woman dynamic is not binary, and that man/womanhood is not a given in one's biology - it's more something that evolves in a person over time.)
Jim Elliot|I pray for you, that all your misgivings will be melted to thanksgivings. Remember that the shadow a thing casts often far exceeds the size of the thing itself (especially if the light be low on the horizon) and though some future fear may strut brave darkness as you approach, the thing itself will be but a speck when seen from beyond. Oh that He would restore us often with that 'aspect from beyond,' to see a thing as He sees it, to remember that He dealeth with us as with sons.
J. Kenner, Dirtiest Secret|Being together came close to destroying both of us once already," he says. "But I don't fucking care. You are the memory that gets me through my days, and the fantasy that saves me in the night.
Daniel De Leon|We can't just have mainstream behavior on television in a free society, we have to make sure we see the whole panorama of human behavior.
Dada Bhagwan|This [worldly suffering] is indeed the result of a flawed-vision. When this flawed-vision goes away, the world will be seen “As it is”. By sitting with the ‘Experienced Person’ whose flawed-vision is gone, our flawed-vision will go away. Nothing else will make it go away.
Solon|I almost always start with setting! I have to know the world before I know how to populate it. I have a tendency to play with doors - between life and death, human and monster, mundane and magic - and with 'ADSOM,' I knew I wanted to play with the physical doors between worlds.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|Lost opportunities, lost possibilities, feelings we can never get back. That's part of what it means to be alive. But inside our heads - at least that's where I imagine it - there's a little room where we store those memories. A room like the stacks in this library. And to understand the workings of our own heart we have to keep on making new reference cards. We have to dust things off every once in awhile, let in fresh air, change the water in the flower vases. In other words, you'll live forever in your own private library.
Amit Kalantri|When all help is stopped, when your loved ones started doubting your competence, when failure seems almost confirmed, but no matter what, if you make one more attempt, that final step will fetch you the victory.
Nishikant, The Papery Onions|How might I get over this? How would I be able to overlook the way he used to be with me? How could I overlook that his fingers touched my indiscernible soul before it twisted my nipples? How might I overlook his essence that still is in my garments? Despite everything, I still hear you saying that you love me. Though I know you don't.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|He was there alone with himself, collected, tranquil, adoring, comparing the serenity of his heart with the serenity of the skies, moved in the darkness by the visible splendors of the constellations, and the invisible splendor of God, opening his soul to the thoughts which fall from the Unknown. In such moments, offering up his heart at the hour when the flowers of night inhale their perfume, lighted like a lamp in the center of the starry night, expanding his soul in ecstasy in the midst of the universal radiance of creation, he could not himself perhaps have told what was passing in his own mind; he felt something depart from him, and something descend upon him, mysterious interchanges of the depths of the soul with the depths of the universe.
Emlyn Chand, Honey the Hero|Wait," Honey said to herself, as she realized something amazing. "I’m already an excellent flyer. Maybe I can fight crime too.
Erich Maria Remarque, Arch of Triumph: A Novel of a Man Without a Country|What’s going on outside, Ravic?” “Nothing new, Kate. The world goes on eagerly preparing for suicide and at the same time deluding itself about what it’s doing.” “Will there be war?” “Everyone knows that there will be war. What one does not yet know is when. Everyone expects a miracle.” Ravic smiled. “Never before have I seen so many politicians who believe in miracles as at present in France and England. And never so few as in Germany.” She remained lying silent for a while. “To think that it should be possible—” she said then. “Yes— it seems so impossible that it will happen some day. Just because one considers it so impossible and doesn’t protect oneself against it.
Savan Solanki|Every person will become three time child in their life.One when they are child, Second when they become parents and third when they become grandparents.It's never be gone.
Brendan Iribe|As for opportunities, there is room for improved product quality and better service and raising our technology standard. In addition, we should have a certain share of the global market. However, we should consider new industries, such as resource development.
Katie MacAlister, The Importance of Being Alice|I would totally support a pond scene like the one in PRIDE AND PREJUDICE, but only if you were stripped first."	He slid her a glance out of the corner of his eye. She was giving him a lascivious grin that made him feel like singing at the top of his lungs. "You have a smutty mind, Alice. It's one of the many things I admire in you. Unfortunately, we are in a holy place, and although I don't particularly hold strong religious feelings, I feel it would be insulting to the caretakers of this cathedral to give in to your lustful desires and engage in sex right her and now." He thought for a moment. "Although I have to admit it is a tempting thought...
Catherine de Hueck Doherty, Sobornost: Experiencing Unity of Mind, Heart and Soul|There is no sobornost without crucifixion, because it is through pain that one acquires that deep knowledge that has nothing to do with books and education… that deep knowledge that is given by God and by God alone that builds the foundation of unity. People thus united are transparent, and it is in those depths that one finds, I repeat, the foundation of sobornost… of unity.
Kakuzō Okakura, The Book of Tea|Appreciation, not possession, makes a thing ours.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Children of Húrin|He never once tells me what Tiffany thinks or what is going on in her heart: the awful feelings, the conflicting impulses, the needs, the desperation, everything that makes her different from Ronnie and Veronica, who have each other and their daughter, Emily, and a good income and a house and everything else that keeps people from calling them "odd.
El Ca'Sophia M|The more we dig this world, the more prisoners we become
Peter V. Brett, The Desert Spear|Yes, life is full of awkward moments! For example, that time you keep dazing off while staring at the same person you found yourself staring at five minutes ago. *gulp* So glad staring is still not illegal. Or, at least I'm glad for my own benefit.
Peter Guthrie Tait|When i remember your namei know you are my hope.for what ?not for love...'cause i know you can't love me.but i know you are my hope for... Life.Just remembering your smile...i know you are my worldyou shaping my world that became like this...you are my storyNot to be told, But to remember...i love youand... I miss you nowi miss my worldi miss your face, your smile and your voiceI miss you more than anyone that I've ever met-For Enno Indi WP-
Thomas A. Edison|For when man is faced with a curse he answers, "I'll take care of my problems." And he puts everything to work to become powerful, to keep the curse from having its effects. He creates the arts and the sciences, he raises an army, he constructs chariots, he builds cities. The spirit of might is a response to the divine curse.
Ricky Williams|Americans are apocalyptic by nature. The reason why is that we've always had so much, so we live in deadly fear that people are going to take it away from us.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Angel's Game|It is a part of our nature to survive. Faith is an instinctive response to aspects of existence that we cannot explain by any other means, be it the moral void we perceive in the universe, the certainty of death, the mystery of the origin of things, the meaning of our lives, or the absence of meaning. These are basic and extremely simple aspects of existence, but our limitations prevent us from responding in an unequivocal way and for that reason we generate an emotional response, as a defense mechanism. It's pure biology.
Anuradha Bhattacharyya, One Word|Many a times, doctors, the worshipers of science, are helpless. They know a few technical things and perform their duty diligently. But they wait for nature to take its course as well.
Ryan Lilly|Don't simply dream, create. Don't simply create, ship. Don't simply ship, dream.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With grace and gratitude, great life evolves.
Hugh Laurie, The Gun Seller|Normally, words are sentfrom the brain towards the mouth, and somewhere along the line you take a moment to checkthem, see that they are actually the ones you ordered and that they’re nicely wrapped, beforeyou bundle them on their way towards your palate and out into the fresh air.But when you’re caught up in the flow of things, the checking part of your mind can falldown on the job.
Kyrian Lyndon, Remnants of Severed Chains|But time brought healing,Downsizing of ego,And freedom from bondage.Alas, neither damnationNor salvationWould come—No terror of some hellish fiendOr apocalyptic furyUpon his command.There was nothing to fear,And there was everything.
Albert Camus, The Fall|Your success and happiness are forgiven you only if you generously consent to share them. But to be happy it is essential not to be too concerned with others. Consequently, there is no escape. Happy and judged, or absolved and wretched.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We now have the advantage of a few years more of life, but death is still standing at the end of the road.
Stephen Pressfield|To listen to critics, pro or con, and take their words to heart is to subcontract your self-esteem to strangers. (from Workbook)
Lady Gaga|Well, that's your opinion, isn't it? And I'm not about to waste my time trying to change it.
Cameron Jace, Rumpelstein|A wise man once said that the opposite of being alive is being boring, so for God’s sake, don’t be boring !
Kevin Hart|Opportunities are usually disguised as hard work, so most people don't recognize them.
Mario Puzo, The Sicilian|The critics greeted this book with a churlish and horrified outcry. Certain virtuous people, in newspapers no less virtuous, made a grimace of disgust as they picked it up with the tongs to throw it into the fire. Even the minor literary reviews, the ones that retail nightly the tittle-tattle from alcoves and private rooms, held their noses and talked of filth and stench. I am not complaining about this reception; on the contrary I am delighted to observe that my colleagues have such maidenly susceptibilities.
Adele Adkins|Sometimes it lasts in love, But sometimes it hurts instead
Oswald J. Smith|Go, send, or disobey.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Many believe that pagan worship is a thing of the past, but it is ever present—we have just given it a new name: pop culture.
Christopher Dines, Mindfulness Burnout Prevention: An 8-Week Course for Professionals|First and foremost, if we maintain healthy emotional boundaries and direct love and kindness inwards, we are taking care of ourselves and secondly we are giving a subliminal message to others about how we wish to be treated. People tend to subconsciously treat us how we treat ourselves.
Ally Blue, Love's Evolution|I’m never opposed to sexual favors as payment.” He wrapped her ponytail around his fist, leaning close to her ear.  “I’m too exhausted to kick your ass. Drop my hair. You know better.
James S.A. Corey, Cibola Burn|At that time, a number of myths were created by the young people of the smoking carriages and forests of hallucinogenic mushrooms, the hungry for the thirst of lysergic acid, who were too tired of the suffering they grew up in and needed to take refuge in dreams. In these children's universe there were unbelievable stories about places in the mountains that women sought to retreat to, places where people were united by music and love for a mutual spiritual growth. For Aunt Jeanine, who had grown up with the image of her father, an amputee due to the war, feeding on such stories was like a haven, one she would later try to turn into her home. And one of those stories, one particular one, stood in her memory until the last stage of her life, when she passed away at eighty-one, burned with fire. (...) At that time, kid, they said that if we searched enough, we would find a place where the world wouldn't end. Men would never know what hell of a place that was, totally unconquerable! A place where the dirty hands of men would never arrive. A place men would never know about . Don't you think I could find it? To have my body disappearing in the woods, as I saw happening to kids in Japan, in that forest that swallows them to its core. Flesh turned to powder, my essence disappearing in the middle of life. They said that, when you die at a place, you'll stay at that place forever. That was why everyone was afraid to go to war. They weren't afraid of dying, kid, they were afraid of dying there.
Marcia Muller|I did this movie called 'Lymelife' when I was 18, and you know, it was the first time I was working as an adult, a legal adult, and that was a huge growing experience for me.
Henry Beston, The Outermost House: A Year of Life On The Great Beach of Cape Cod|Hold your hands out over the earth as over a flame. To all who love her, who open to her the doors of their veins, she gives of her strength, sustaining them with her own measureless tremor of dark life. Touch the earth, love the earth, honour the earth, her plains, her valleys, her hills, and her seas; rest your spirit in her solitary places. For the gifts of life are the earth’s and they are given to all, and they are the songs of birds at daybreak, Orion and the Bear, and dawn seen over ocean from the beach.
Jennifer Sparks, Happy on Purpose|We do not owe any soul, except that which played the most vital role in our lives.
William Faulkner|The writer's only responsibility is to his art. He will be completely ruthless if he is a good one... If a writer has to rob his mother, he will not hesitate; the Ode on a Grecian Urn is worth any number of old ladies.
Richard Puz, Bride by Mail|Love is a damagemade to the heart,violence,fate thats written,Changeable by distance,Breakable by time...!
Indu Muralidharan, The Reengineers|Become aware of yourself. Everything will come to you, Chinmay, when you are in that most wonderful place on earth, the centre of your being. If you learn just one thing from this book, let it be that once you are aware of yourself, depression cannot hold you back any more than a tiger can be trapped in a spider’s web.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|The difference between a professional victim and an empowered person is NOT what has happened to them, but the way in which they REACT to what has happened to them.
Paul Rudnick|It was an undemanding job both physically and mentally, which was fine. Stress was for the rich and hard-working.
Patricia Hampl, I Could Tell You Stories: Sojourns in the Land of Memory|You can’t put much on paper before you betray your secret self, try as you will to keep things civil.
Debasish Mridha|Think about love, work with love, give away and live with love.
J. Kenner, Claim Me|Cheryl's growing awareness of her emotional difficulties was leading her to research multiple personality. As she had learned more about dissociation, she realised just how severe the abuse had been and how much she had been hurt. Her mind had dissociated to assure survival during the abuse by her father and it had been forced to dissociate by various researchers in government programmes.
Robert H. Schuller|Today I know that there is still work to be done, but along the way my I am achieving my dreams.
Debasish Mridha|The more I love, the more I find that life is magical.
Howard Tayler, The Tub of Happiness|No! Wait! I've got a better idea...""Your ideas tend to result in unnecessary violence, Sergeant Schlock.""And your point is...""Let's broaden the definition of 'necessary'.
Alexis Lawrence, Seasons: The Mysterious Woman|Winning is great but if you are really going to do something in life, the secret is learning how to lose.
Patricia MacLachlan, The Poet's Dog|Poets and children," said Sylvan. "We are the same really. When you can't find a poet, find a child. Remember that.
Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club|I have wanted to kill myself a hundred times, but somehow I am still in love with life. This ridiculous weakness is perhaps one of our more stupid melancholy propensities, for is there anything more stupid than to be eager to go on carrying a burden which one would gladly throw away, to loathe one’s very being and yet to hold it fast, to fondle the snake that devours us until it has eaten our hearts away?
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you listen to critics for too long, you will become deaf to success.
Ursula K. Le Guin|However strange it may well seem, to do one's duty will make any one conceited who only does it sometimes. Those who do it always would as soon think of being conceited of eating their dinner as of doing their duty. What honest boy would pride himself on not picking pockets? A thief who was trying to reform would. To be conceited of doing one's duty is then a sign of how little one does it, and how little one sees what a contemptible thing it is not to do it. Could any but a low creature be conceited of not being contemptible? Until our duty becomes to us common as breathing, we are poor creatures.
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|It’s time that Islam should be redefined by the world based upon, the goodness of all the peace-loving Muslims, instead of the theoretical teachings of some books, be it Quran or the Hadith.
Carrie Adams, The Godmother|The future toyed with us, it was up to us to try to enjoy the game. But not everyone liked the game or they weren't given the tools to play.
Audie Murphy|I am neither for conformity nor non-conformity. I am for individuality. If one's individuality is in effect non-conformity, then so be it. But basically, one's individuality consists of conformity--to one's self.
Wayne Gerard Trotman|Do not delude yourself, tomorrow is not guaranteed; and even if good fortune brings you your tomorrow, there is no guarantee those you love will be a part of it. Do not squander your precious, limited time. Value what love you have in your life - nothing is more valuable. Make it known to those who matter.
Kenzaburō Ōe, Hiroshima Notes|Democracy and tyranny are not distant relatives. They’re bedfellows.”-General John JamesCommandant, USMCDecember 11th, 2032
Carla H. Krueger, From the Horse’s Mouth|Are there not times, Ridley, when you yourself wish only to hear the best in people – and not to be dragged downwards into the underworld we all regularly inhabit?
Lyndon B. Johnson|I always say the strength of democracy lies in criticism. If there is no criticism, that means there is no democracy. And if you want to grow, you must invite criticism. And I want to grow; I want to invite criticism.
Ambrose Burnside|You may not be able to change the course of government, but you can achieve some peace. And books were the path to that. I grew up in a house where books were everywhere.
Markus Zusak, I Am the Messenger|Ed?" Ritchie says later. We're still standing in the water. "There's only one thing I want.""What's that, Ritchie?"His answer is simple."To want.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Hoarding is both unnecessary and an affront to God, who is perfectly capable of providing abundantly for those who trust in him.
Martyn Bedford|This time he was underwater, running, feet sinking deeper and deeper into the seabed. The surface was within reach if he raised his arms, but he couldn’t get his head out of the water. He had to breathe. The compulsion to inhale was huge. But he couldn’t, musn’t. Still he ran, getting nowhere, each frantic step burying his feet in the wet sand until he was no longer able to lift them. Finally, with one great gulp, he opened his mouth, his lungs to the flood of seawater.
Maurice Maeterlinck, The Treasure of the humble|For what are in reality the things we call ‘Wisdom,’ ‘Virtue,’ ‘Heroism,’ ‘sublime hours,’ and ‘great moments of life,’ but the moments when we have more or less issued forth from ourselves, and have been able to halt, be it only for an instant, on the step of one of the eternal gates whence we see that the faintest cry, the most colourless thought, and most nerveless gestures do not drop into nothingness; …
John Updike, Self-Consciousness|The mind cannot fall asleep as long as it watches itself. Only when the mind moves unwatched and becomes absorbed in images that tug it as it were to one side does self-consciousness dissolve and sleep with its healing, brilliantly detailed fictions pour in upon the jittery spirit. Falling asleep is a study in trust. Likewise, religion tries to put as ease with the world. Being human cannot be borne alone. We need other presences. We need soft night noises-a mother speaking downstairs. We need the little clicks and sighs of a sustaining otherness. We need the gods.
Nutan Bajracharya|When some one use "You", in stead of "Us", It makes you cry, because in love whatever happens it need to be happen in both end, if its only "I" or "You" then the value of love becomes singular and everyone can feel or need to know, in LOVE singular never works......
Md. Ziaul Haque|Human life begins by crying! Once a baby is born, it cries out. Maybe it cries in joy! So, the simple equation goes- we smile when we feel happy and we cry when we feel sad. As happiness and sadness are connected together like the body and the soul, we cannot remove sorrow or suffering from the human life forever. As long as life is present, gladness and unhappiness will ever be there. They will keep coming in one form or another. It is just ironical that we want to be happy forever and never want to cry. Even trying to remove sadness entirely from life is like being utterly selfish and going against the natural laws! So, the beauty of life is to accept both pleasure and misery gracefully. Hence, we should never forget that we did not smile first but cried when we were born!
Neil Gaiman, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch|Hell may have all the best composers, but heaven has all the best choreographers.
deepakgogna|A theory of personal resurrection or reincarnation of the individual is untenable when we but pause to consider the magnitude of the idea. On the contrary, I must believe that rather than the survival of all, we must look for survival only in the spirit of the good we have done in passing through.Once obsolete, an automobile is thrown to the scrap heap. Once here and gone, the human life has likewise served its purpose. If it has been a good life, it has been sufficient. There is no need for another.
Annastacia Dickerson|For me, the times that I dressed provocatively had been empowering. It felt good. It's those times that I felt comfortable in my own skin. Like really, really comfortable. And let's face it, body self-esteem issues are a hurdle many women struggle to overcome.So when a person tears a woman down for how's she's dressed, they are tearing her down at a moment she feels at the top of her game. That's where the real shame is—not in how a woman is dressed, but in the desire to minimise her self-worth and empowerment. That's not kind, or well meaning. It's rude and cruel.
Christine Kenneally, The First Word: The Search for the Origins of Language|The ultimate goal of this book is to present fragments from an epic about an animal that evolved, started talking, started talking about the fact that it was talking, and then paused briefly before asking itself how it started talking in the first place.
Jean de la Bruyere|I hate most of what constitutes rock music, which is basically middle-aged crap.
Paresh Shah|Those who love you the most, let you bend your notes
Edmund de Waal, The Hare With Amber Eyes: A Family's Century of Art and Loss|With languages, you can move from one social situation to another. With languages, you are at home anywhere.
Kamand Kojouri|Everywhere I go, your beauty spills into my day. The trees were never this verdant. The birdsong never this sweet.
Sun Bear, Walk in Balance: The Path to Healthy, Happy, Harmonious Living|Now we are beginning to come to a point where human consciousness is moving back to female energy. The Earth is crying out very loudly, and the herbalists are springing up. Women are becoming healers again. That energy is coming back.
Anthony T. Hincks|If I am your rainbow, then you are my pot of gold.
Suzanne  Johnson, Pirate's Alley|We walked the length of Jackson Square, stopping to look at the work of a couple of artists who'd set up their sidewalk shops for the day."Look." Eugenie stopped in front of an acrylic painting of a mustached man with curly dark hair, hooded eyes, and a big hooked nose. He looked like he'd steal the hubcaps off your grandmother's Cadillac."It's Jean Lafitte, our most famous pirate," the artist said. "He was quite a character."She had no idea. She also had badly missed the mark on his looks. His hair wasn't that curly, he'd been clean-shaven the whole time I'd known him, his nose was straight and in perfect proportion to the rest of his features, and he didn't have hooded black eyes. Still, he might find it entertaining. "How much?" I asked.
Stephen Fincher|Ted Turner is still a leader. And he sets a great example. His ability financially has been reduced, but his influence and his example still is an important asset to the whole environmental movement.
Ai Yazawa|But in my heart, when I said “my king,” I meant Verity.
Elie Wiesel|They're power-hungry, the mundane said of the magical people. They're immoral, people said, and they're scary. Playing with the dark arts could plunge me into evil. I'd be pulled toward depravity. Blasphemy would begin to seem like truth, bad like good, God like Satan. It had happened to people through the centuries, they said. And they were right. All that did happen.
Madeleine L'Engle|We, and I think I'm speaking for many writers, don't know what it is that sometimes comes to make our books alive. All we can do is write dutifully and day after day, every day, giving our work the very best of what we are capable. I don't that we can consciously put the magic in; it doesn't work that way. When the magic comes, it's a gift.
Sophie Ellis-Bextor|You know that scene in 'Runaway Bride' when Julia Roberts puts on the amazing wedding dress and looks at herself in the mirror and goes, 'Swish, swish'? I loved that moment so much when I was a little girl.
Jason Statham|When you want to die, you at least have a goal. You're aiming for something. It's not a good goal, but at least you want something. And you've got anger and fear, but at least you're feeling something.
David W. Earle|Now since shame is a mental picture of disgrace, in which we shrink from the disgrace itself and not from its consequences, and we only care what opinion is held of us because of the people who form that opinion, it follows that the people before whom we feel shame are those whose opinion of us matters to us.
Ramon Bautista, Bakit Hindi Ka Crush ng Crush Mo?|It's been happening since I was in kindergarten. Not them all the time, but other kids, you know. Every day. It never stops, and it never goes away, thanks to the Internet--it just keeps happening every minute, every day. And I just want it to stop. I think about how to do it, you know. How to kill them. All kinds of elaborate things, like trapping them in pits and burying them alive, or covering them with concrete.
Rob Gronkowski|There's three things men always talk about - women, sports, and cars.
Goitsemang Mvula|I may have not done History in high school but War cannot be ended by endless talks, only Cold War.
Kristine Grayson, Wickedly Charming|He rolled his eyes. "Fiction lies for the truth.
Buzz Aldrin|A just laicism allows religious freedom. The state does not impose religion but rather gives space to religions with a responsibility toward civil society, and therefore it allows these religions to be factors in building up society.
Laurence J. Peter|Before publishers' blurbs were invented, authors had to make their reputations by writing.
Erin Merryn, Living for Today: From Incest and Molestation to Fearlessness and Forgiveness|Journey freely along your chosen path, in a manner of your own choosing.
Keysi Baker|And when it's quiet,you can hear your thoughts.You try to escape,but you don't realize,that you are trapped,trapped within your thoughts.
Sahara Sanders|He wrote very well in those days, as it happens, much better than he does now. He had absolute convictions, and style is nothing more than the absolute conviction of possessing a style.
Jane Hirshfield|Birth is okay and death is okay, if we know that they are only concepts in our mind. Reality transcends both birth and death.
H.D.  Smith, Dark Forsaken|I’m calling this place the Tardis,” she said, continuing to scan the different locations. “We’re not calling it the Tardis,” I said. Of course, if she knew what it could really do, I’d never change her mind. “Why the hell not?” she asked. “Copyright infringement.
H.M. Ward, The Arrangement 8: The Ferro Family|I don't know what to say to fill the silence. I don't know how to fix this. It seems wrong to leave him, but I have to. There's no compromise, no alternative. Things just weren't meant to be, which seems like a pansy-ass thing to say, until it happens to you.
Khang Kijarro Nguyen|History and beauty lie in the baroque wrinkles of old cathedrals. mosques, synagogues, temples and faces whose stories are told without a single word.
Annette Curtis Klause, Blood and Chocolate|Gabriel pulled her over his body to lie on the bed beside him. His kisses pressed her down into the oblivion of the mattress as her hands explored his chest, his shoulders, his face."I want to lay my kill at your feet," he said, more growl than words, and held her tight by her hair as he marked her neck with his teeth.She writhed against him. She wanted to bite him, she wanted to rip the flesh from his back, but most terrible of all, she didn't want him to stop. Her back arched, her body shattered, she howled.
Anthony T. Hincks|Listen to the sadness,the echoes in my mind,the place where I usually hide,but now I cannot find.Why had it happened?What had I done?Where was I going?Now I'm on the run.Hiding from the echoes,the pounding in my ears,the beatings getting louder,it isn't death, I fear!
Teresa Flavin, The Blackhope Enigma|The riders, clad in crimson and black, stopped to scan the maze. Blaise shrank into the hedge, but one keen-eyed hunter spied him. He raised his crossbow, took careful aim and fired.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Elohim, Adonai, Jehovah!Almighty God, Great is thy faithfulness!
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|Are you really a doctor?” I asked.“Some people say that.”“Why?”“Because I went to medical school.”“Did you not finish?” I asked hesitantly.“I finished.”“So…?”“So sometimes I work as a doctor.”“So doesn’t that make you a doctor?”“I guess, but I also worked as a baker, construction worker, and a bunch of other things. Either way I just prefer being known as Jack. I mean Dr. Baker Jack Hammer Jack, would be entertaining, but I think also a little weird.
Paulo Coelho, Manuscript Found in Accra|Love is only a word, until we decide to let it possess us with all its force.Love is only a word, until someone arrives to give it meaning.Don't give up. Remember, it's always the last key on the key ring that opens the door.
Christa Carmen, Four Souls of Eve|But curiosity is a restless and unscrupulous passion, and no one girl can endure, with patience, that hers should be baffled by another.
Caitlín R. Kiernan|Originality is the most deadly mirage in all of art. You can chase it from now until doomsday, and you'll only find yourself lost and dying of thirst.
Gail Caldwell, Let's Take the Long Way Home: A Memoir of Friendship|The only education in grief that any of us ever gets is a crash course. Until Caroline had died I had belonged to that other world, the place of innocence, and linear expectations, where I thught grief was a simple, wrenching realm of sadness and longing that graduallu receded. What that definition left out was the body blow that loss inflicts, as well as the temporary madness, and a range of less straightforward emotions shocking in their intensity.
Tariq Ramadan|When someone fears losing your affection, he or she will strive to keep it. Perhaps you have strived to keep someone's affection, too. Fear of loss is not love.
Nancy B. Brewer|Before I disappear behind the door, I stop and turn around to look at him.
Marty Rubin|[Alcohol] not only replaces positive actions which would address the root causes of our despondency – it prevents them, as more energy becomes focused on achieving and recovering from the drunken state.
Michelle Hughes, Tears of Crimson|The lives we lead, every decision, it shows on our faces.
S.A. Tawks, The Spirit of Imagination|But, you must remember, whatever you eat, make sure you have at least one bowl of salad with it.
Peter Ustinov|Musical compositions can be very sad - Chopin - but you have the pleasure of this sadness. The cheap consolation is: you will be happy. The higher consolation is the pleasure and recognition of your unhappiness, the pleasure of having recognised that fate, destiny and life are such as they are and so you reach a higher form of consciousness.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|The dark sky.A hundred million stars.More stars than I’ve ever seen before. My eyes let me see farther, but they don’t show me the one thing I want to see. I would trade all the stars in the universe if I could just have him back again.Wind whistles through the trees nearby. Birdsong weaves in and out of the sound.The hybrids emerge from the communication building, heads tilted to the sky.And then we see the end.Godspeed’s engine was nuclear; who knows what fueled the biological weapons. But they explode together. In space, they don’t make the familiar mushroom cloud. They don’t make the boom! of an exploding bomb.There is, against the dark sky, a brief flash of light. It is filled with colors, like a nebula or the aurora borealis, bursting like a popped bubble.Nothing else—no sound of an explosion, no tremors in the earth, no smell of smoke. Not here, on the surface of the planet.Nothing else to signify Elder’s death.Just light.And then it’s gone.And then he’s gone.
Ryan Holiday, Trust Me, I'm Lying: Confessions of a Media Manipulator|The more wakeful a man is to the things which surround him, the more asleep is he, and his waking is worse than his sleep.
Aaron Paul|I'm the kind of guy that if I don't work out, I will get bigger and look like one of the guys who used to play sports.
Manning Marable|Democracy arises out of the notion that those who are equal in any respect are equal in all respects; because men are equally free, they claim to be absolutely equal.
Bill Gaede|What I like??I like how people solve the problems, the way they think aND THEIR aspects!
Sara Humphreys, Trouble Walks In|Ronan cupped her neck with his other hand and brushed his lips lightly over hers. "I want you, Maddy. I want you more than I've ever wanted any woman in my life.
Madeleine L'Engle, The Irrational Season|Because it is the nature of love to create, a marriage itself is something which has to be created, so that, together we become a new creature. To marry is the biggest risk in human relations that a person can take…If we commit ourselves to one person for life this is not, as many people think, a rejection of freedom; rather it demands the courage to move into all the risks of freedom, and the risk of love which is permanent; into that love which is not possession, but participation…It takes a lifetime to learn another person…When love is not possession, but participation, then it is part of that co-creation which is our human calling, and which implies such risk that it is often rejected.
Nate Robinson|I do play football no-holds-barred. Any edge I can get, I'll take. I'd grab a face mask only in a fit of anger. Uncontrolled anger is damn near insane.
Deyth Banger|If you don't know what's respect, I think that you will end up like, "It's not a Happy".
George Packer|[T]he enduring problem for liberals, as for everyone else, is not whether history will judge them wise or foolish regarding the war on terrorism; it is, rather, the way that the past decade has splintered them away from other Americans. This fracture comes with a steep price: in today's toxic atmosphere, liberals are no less cynical, shortsighted, and parochial than anyone else, and they understand their fellow-Americans just as badly as they themselves are understood. When liberals look at red-state voters, they see either a mob of pious know-nothings or the insensible victims of militarism and class warfare. Yet.... [such people] defy fixed categories, which means that they have to be figured out the hard way--on their own terms.
Nate Berkus|Before we had airplanes and astronauts, we really thought that there was an actual place beyond the clouds, somewhere over the rainbow. There was an actual place, and we could go above the clouds and find it there.
Marcus Aurelius|All things fade into the storied past, and in a little while are shrouded in oblivion.
Brenda Joyce, The Promise|If you are lost, I will find you. If you are in danger, I will protect you," he said seriously. "It's what a gentleman does, Elysse."~Alexi de Warenne to Elysse O'Neil
Brandon Thomas DiSabatino, 6 weeks of white castle /n rust|That woman wants to hear all my wishes,For already a thousand years,And each my thought knows to read,Even if I don't utter it aloud.
Lisa McMann, Fade|You should see it,” he said. “V for Vendetta, I mean.”“Okay,” I said. “I’ll look it up.”“No. With me. At my house,” he said. “Now.
Nenia Campbell, Armed and Dangerous|I understand that you don’t want to marry me,” I said. “I mean, I don’t know why, since I’m simply delightful to be around. But to each his own taste.
Cher|Remember when Japan was cool? We used to run around with 'Mr. Roboto' on our Walkmans, 'The Karate Kid' in our Betamaxes and wore T-shirts embossed with the characters for 'storm sewer' and 'dishwasher.'
Elizabeth Strout, Amy and Isabelle|Youth is like being carried through life by a strong current," Admiral Winter said. "All you feel is the speed of the river, the thrill of rapids, never comprehending your utter lack of control, your constant peril.
Blaise Pascal|Fire. God of Abraham, God of Isaac, God of Jacob, not of the philosophers and the scholars. I will not forget thy word. Amen.
Sarah Addison Allen|The principle of neighborhood at home always implies the principle of charity abroad. (pg. 260, The Idea of a Local Economy)
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|If our logic is to find the common world intelligible, it must not be hostile, but must be inspired by a genuine acceptance such as is not usually to be found among metaphysicians.
John (Fire) Lame Deer, Lame Deer, Seeker of Visions|Listen to the air. You can hear it, feel it, smell it, taste it. Woniya wakan—the holy air—which renews all by its breath. Woniya, woniya wakan—spirit, life, breath, renewal—it means all that. Woniya—we sit together, don’t touch,but something is there; we feel it between us, as a presence. A good way to start thinking about nature, talk about it. Rather talk to it, talk to the rivers, to the lakes, to the winds as to our relatives.
Jean-Francois Cope|When I draw my caricature self-portrait, I always do a huge smile.
Peter Shaffer, Amadeus|I looked on astounded as from his ordinary life he made his art. We were both ordinary men, he and I. Yet from the ordinary he created Legends--and I from Legends created only the ordinary!
Peter Straub|The path to wisdom leads downward, and anyone who decides to take it had better buckle on armor, remember to bring a sword, and get used to the idea that when and if he gets back everyone he talks to is going to think he's a phony.
Annie Ernaux, Simple Passion|Naturally I feel no shame in writing these things because of the time which separates the moment when they are written--when only I can see them--from the moment when they will be read by other people, a moment which I feel will never come. By then I could have had an accident or died; a war or a revolution could have broken out. This delay makes it possible for me to write today, in the same way I used to lie in the scorching sun for a whole day at sixteen, or make love wihout contraceptives at twenty: without thinking about the consequences
Christopher Hitchens, Prepared for the Worst: Selected Essays and Minority Reports|Religions and states and classes and tribes and nations do not have to work or argue for their adherents and subjects. They more or less inherit them. Against this unearned patrimony there have always been speakers and writers who embody Einstein's injunction to 'remember your humanity and forget the rest.' It would be immodest to claim membership in this fraternity/sorority, but I hope not to have done anything to outrage it. Despite the idiotic sneer that such principles are 'fashionable,' it is always the ideas of secularism, libertarianism, internationalism, and solidarity that stand in need of reaffirmation.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you sing a song, any brokenness shall heal.
Justin Weisner Starks|If sheer strength is your only contribution to war, you will ultimately be defeated.
Poppet, Aisyx|she's so caught up she's unaware she's no longer the prisoner here, I am
Nikola Tesla|I confess it is beyond our power to awaken the heart, but ordinarily this way does good.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Its crazy when people of high moral standards, feel its okay for an intimate friend to insult them in a jovial way, forgeting that even casual friends can do just the same in a jovial way.
Thurston Clarke|It just seems to me that the world's kind of a mess, and the more messy it gets, the more interested I am in escapist fare. Having a good time is something that isn't about the war in Iraq or the Asian flu or the Kyoto protocol - things that are horribly depressing to consider in our real lives. I'm eager to get away from them.
Clementine von Radics, Mouthful of Forevers|The next time you stand on a beach at night, watching the moon’s bright path across the water, and the conscious of the moon-drawn tides, remember that the moon itself may have been born of a great tidal wave of earthly substance, torn off into space. And remember if the moon was formed in this fashion, the event may have had much to do with shaping the ocean basins and the continents as we know them.
Markus Zusak, Underdog|All four of us were young and undaunted and our smiles were so strong that it made me smile even then on the couch, with a kind of loss.
Richard Llewellyn, How Green Was My Valley|Her eyes widened. I assumed in alarm, but who the hell knew what was going on in her stubborn head. I took the coffee cup from her hand and rested it on the grass next to mine. I leaned in toward her slowly. Her eyes remained steady on mine. Just as I was so close I could feel her warm erratic breath on my face, her hand landed on my chest.“What are you doing?” she whispered.Maintaining eye contact I smiled, reached out, held the back of her head and pulled her closer still. “What I should have done ten years ago.” ~ Preston, A Perfect Moment
L'Poni Baldwin, Dragons and Cicadas: The Society On Da Run|Julian tried to keep a pleasant smile on his face, though already it felt strained. He was uncomfortable with people who used the word blessed as a part of their everyday speech. The implication was that God was intervening in the minutiae of their lives, hanging around and helping them with their jobs or children or household chores as though He had nothing better to do. Maybe it was true, Julian thought wryly. Maybe that was why there were wars and murders and earthquakes and hurricanes. God was too busy helping real estate agents find new listings to deal with those other issues.
John Burdon Sanderson Haldane|The universe is not only stranger than we imagine, it is stranger than we can imagine.
Hunter Hayes|Every year before a big competition, I get hurt doing stuff I should not be doing. One year it was my little brother's 12th birthday. We all played hide-and-seek late at night. I climbed up a 30-foot tree, thinking he'd never catch me. I tripped and fell on one of the branches and I hit my head.
Mauricio Macri|Their very conservatism is secondhand, and they don't know what they are conserving.
T. B. Joshua|What is forgiveness? An emotion? A coping mechanism? An element of deepest faith? A way for the heart and soul to combat the type of hate, anger, rage and a thirst for revenge that could ultimately consume a person? All of those and more?
Thomas Carlyle|We Americans have many grave problems to solve, many threatening evils to fight, and many deeds to do, if, as we hope and believe, we have the wisdom, the strength, and the courage and the virtue to do them. But we must face facts as they are. We must neither surrender ourselves to a foolish optimism, nor succumb to a timid and ignoble pessimism.
Thandie Newton|The 'Total Information Awareness' project is truly diabolical - mostly because of the legal changes which have made it possible in the first place. As a consequence of the Patriot Act, government now has access to all sorts of private and commercial databases that were previously off limits.
Christopher K. Abts|We've been sold a dream of savings and investing that had no basis in any history or reality. We were participants in a vast experiment, a hope that personal finance and investments would do it all for us. We now know that for all too many people, it did not.
Johnny Depp|She's kind of a walking poem, she's this perfect beauty...but at the same time very deep, very smart.
Terry Pratchett, Equal Rites|You have to thank God for the seemingly good and the seemingly bad because really, you don't know the difference [until we get to heaven].
Max Barry, Machine Man|The most basic bit of advice given to women who have to walk alone at night is, ‘Look alert. Be aware of your surroundings and walk briskly. You will be safer if you know where you are going, and if anyone who observes you senses that.’ The stalking, predatory animal cuts the weakest from the pack, and then kills at his leisure.
Danielle L. McGuire, At the Dark End of the Street: Black Women, Rape, and Resistance--A New History of the Civil Rights Movement from Rosa Parks to the Rise of Black Power|Often ignored by civil rights historians, a number of campaigns led to trials and even convictions throughout the South. These cases, many virtually unknown, broke with Southern tradition and fractured the philosophical and political foundations of white supremacy by challenging the relationship between sexual domination and racial equality.
Mindy Ruiz, Enchanted Heart|Inside Ms. Maddox's classroom, it was so quiet you could hear the breathing bounce off the walls.
Richard J. Maybury, World WarI: The Rest of the Story & How It Affects You Today|It is eminently possible to have a market-based economy that requires no such brutality and demands no such ideological purity. A free market in consumer products can coexist with free public health care, with public schools, with a large segment of the economy -- like a national oil company -- held in state hands. It's equally possible to require corporations to pay decent wages, to respect the right of workers to form unions, and for governments to tax and redistribute wealth so that the sharp inequalities that mark the corporatist state are reduced. Markets need not be fundamentalist.
Baz Luhrmann|I'm a morning bird. I love getting up before it's light out if it's possible. I wake up, I have a black coffee. I'm an 86-year-old man. I try to work out first thing to get it over with. When I do it, I feel good because I have the endorphins all day.
Laura Gentile, Seraphic Addiction|Fear of death is fear of surrender to Infinity. Learn to surrender, to exist at Infinity while alive, and fear of death dissolves. Fear of death is fear of the Unknown. Realize the Wonder, the Eternal Unknowability of the Totality of Existence, and fear of death is transcended. If happiness or freedom depends on the Answer to the Question, then there can be no happiness or freedom. The Question cannot be satisfactorily or finally Answered. For one who abides at Infinity, happy and free, at ease with his Ultimate Ignorance, the Question and the Answer are equally unnecessary. What began will come to an end. What is Wonderful is not threatened. The Process of the Totality of Existence is Transcendental and Eternal. Only a fraction of the Whole can pass away in any moment, since only a fraction of the Whole appears in any moment. Therefore, the Heart Itself is always already Full of Wonder and Love. "I" is the body-mind, the fraction of the Whole that is now appearing and will soon disappear. "I" must be surrendered to the Heart, to the Whole, which is Infinity, Wonder, and Love.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|You're cute when you're worried," she muttered. "Your eyebrows get all scrunched together." "You are not going to die while I owe you a favor," I said. "Why did you take that knife?""You would've done the same for me."It was true. I guess we both knew it. Still, I felt like somebody was poking my heart with a cold metal rod."How did you know?" "Know what?" I looked around to make sure we were alone. Then I leaned in close and whispered: "My Achilles spot. If you hadn't taken that knife, I would've died."She got a faraway look in her eyes. Her breath smelled like grapes, maybe from the nectar. "I don't know, Percy. I just had this feeling you were in danger. Where... where is the spot?"I wasn't supposed to tell anyone. But this was Annabeth. If I couldn't trust her, I couldn't trust anyone. "The small of my back."She lifted her hand. "Where? Here?"She put her hand on my spine, and my skin tingled. I moved her fingers to the one spot that grounded me to my mortal life. A thousand volts of electricity seemed to arc through my body. "You saved me." I said. "Thanks." She removed her hand, but I kept holding it. "So you owe me," she said weakly. "What else is new?
Elizabeth Flock, Me & Emma|I work in my pajamas most of the time. No matter what you’re wearing, you can sound businesslike on the phone.
Ashley Tisdale|Once in high school, I completely over plucked my left eyebrow all the way up to where you're not supposed to. I had no idea what I was doing and it looked terrible! My mom was like 'What did you do to yourself?' I was so embarrassed.
Sunday Adelaja|You will encounter disappointments in your ministry, in yourself, and even in God Himself but remember that all these are intrigues of the devil
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|I wouldn't eat too many of those [half-baked ideas] if I were you. They may look good, but you can get terribly sick of them."-Tock
Nick Bostrom, Superintelligence: Paths, Dangers, Strategies|Nature might be a great experimentalist, but one who would never pass muster with an ethics review board – contravening the Helsinki Declaration and every norm of moral decency, left, right, and center.
Eli Of Kittim, The Little Book of Revelation: The First Coming of Jesus at the End of Days|Early on in the Bible story, we will discover the devil taking on the form of an animal. At the center of the Bible story, we will find God taking on the form of a man. The Son of God is the image of God, and so when He took flesh, it was in the form of a man, because man was made in the image of God.
Frankie Valli|It's frightening to think about more sanctions. When I've met North Koreans in China, they've said to me, 'You have no idea how difficult our lives are. We live like dogs.' They wake up in the morning wondering what they're going to eat for dinner.
Pooja Ruprell|Within you exists the same power that rests with the Universe, for you are not separate from the source you pray to.
Barbara Hambly, Sisters of the Raven|It was an alien place, as much inhuman as it was ungodly. There was no life in this place. It was a different world altogether.This world was dead.
Yotam Ottolenghi|Truthfully, I don't really think of myself as a photographer. I don't have all the disciplines and knowledge of a person who's spent their life devoted to photography.
Satya Nadella|My favorite foods are things that aren't great to eat, like pizza.
Nancy Pelosi|I have to say that if our global alliances are going to be alliances with Hezbollah and Hamas and Hugo Chavez's Venezuela and Vladimir Putin's Russia, there is absolutely no chance of building a world-wide alliance that can deal with poverty and inequality and climate change and financial instability, and we've got to face up to that fact.
Helen Fisher|I find television, and particularly live television, very romantic: the idea that there is this small group of people, way up high, in a skyscraper in the middle of Manhattan, beaming this signal out into the night.
Michele Jennae, CHARGE! The Patchwork Rhino|In this slipshod age, we need object lessons in language and thought. – Edith Wharton on an address by John Hay
Charles Lamb|A girl does not treat a possible lover with unvarying simplicity and directness. In all its phases, love is complex; friendship is not.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|At the sixes and sevens of our mindlead us oh Lord in Thy mightIn the moment to decide on our planslead us oh Lord with Thy planin the middle of uncountable decisionslead us oh Lord with Thy decisionour heart desires, our mind hopesLead us oh Lord, lead us oh LordTo the abode of satisfaction, lead us!In the insatiable desires of lifeLead us oh Lord with Thy lightPeace we want, fulfillment we desireLead us oh Lord with Thy powerIn the unending trials and temptations of lifeLead us oh Lord with Thy lightour heart desires, our mind hopesLead us oh Lord, lead us oh lordTo the abode of satisfaction, lead us!
bell hooks, Communion: The Female Search for Love|Love is a combination of care, commitment, knowledge, responsibility, respect and trust.
Robert John Donovan, Six Days In June: Israel's Fight For Survival|But not all Gaza residents were committed to the war. A reporter asked one of the Arabs what he most wanted. He was a taxi driver, father of ten. All he wanted was 'to eat and to work.' What did he think of Nasser? 'Nasser is good, Israel is good, America is good, Britain is good, Canada is good, India is good, Anything is good.
Cindi Madsen, Getting Lucky Number Seven|Stiff, huh? I think seeing you roll around on the floor in that tight little outfit accomplished that.
Debasish Mridha|Turn your wound into wisdom, then help people to find true freedom.
Anna Aquino|But time is like that, it’s a bitter acquaintance that no matter how hard one tries to fight it one can’t. One always is bound to its constantly ticking onward and even though many have wanted to bottle it, it just couldn’t be done.
Gavin Extence|Makes me sad looking at the leaves on my vines turning gold and brown, the branches bare of fruit, but I know the leaves and the fruit will return next spring once more.But unlike lost love ,the love of writing,the love of nature ,the love of beauty,the love of life once its lost its lost forever, I hope i never ever lose that love.
Latif Mercado|A Decision That Can Change Your Life Forever, Can Happen In Just One Second.
Kelsey Macke, Damsel Distressed|The End" is just the beginning.
Angelica Hopes, Landscapes of a Heart, Whispers of a Soul|Remember that worrying will not go away by thinking the same thought again and again. Thinking something fresh, loving and uplifting instead of worrying. Replace your worse anxiety with cheerful optimism.
Arin Murphy-Hiscock, Out of the Broom Closet: 50 True Stories of Witches Who Found and Embraced the Craft|Wicca offered real, not pretended, means for the individual to express the art, beauty, and reality of ritual, including magic, in the here and now. --Paul Turnbull
Lailah Gifty Akita|Lord, I thank you for answering my prayers at the right time.
Peter Thiel|No matter your reason, if you sacrifice your health, you’re making the wrong choice.
Bluenscottish|The lack of truth in one's words and actions is manifested in the failed attempts at success. Without integrity, reinvention has no impact~
Roxane Gay, Bad Feminist|Death is a tragedy whether it is in the death of one girl-woman in London or seventy-seven men, women, and children in Norway. We know this, but perhaps it needs to be said over and over again so we do not forget.I have never considered compassion a finite resource. I would not want to live in a world where such was the case.
Boris Pasternak, Doctor Zhivago|I know less than you thought, but more than you realize.
Daniel Chamovitz, What a Plant Knows: A Field Guide to the Senses|Plants are not cognizant. When we cut a leaf, we assume that the plant is suffering. But that's our own anthropomorphism about what's going on.
Louisa May Alcott, Jo's Boys|I've read your summary.""And?""It's not incompetent."Be still, my heart, so I don't faint from such faint phrase. "Did you expect it to be written in crayon?
Anna Jae|Every day is a challenge,a challenge of happinesswhether you can still wear a smile at the end of a depressing day or you will totally miss it.
Mark Twain, On the Damned Human Race|[Large countries'] patriotism is different: they are buoyed by their glory, their importance, their universal mission. The Czechs loved their country not because it was glorious but because it was unknown; not because it was big but because it was small and in constant danger. Their patriotism was an enormous compassion for their country.
Jim Cooper|There is no international problem that can be addressed or solved without the engagement and leadership of the United States and everybody in the world knows that, its just fact of life. So sometimes I think we could conduct ourselves with a little more humility.
Kresley Cole, Dreams of a Dark Warrior|It felt bizarre to be ignored in general, much less by an embodiment of Aidan--who used to stare at her so hard that he'd run into trees.
Aristotle|Those who educate children well are more to be honored than they who produce them; for these only gave them life, those the art of living well.
Preston Wagner|The Compound Effect is the principle of reaping huge rewards from a series of small, smart choices
RVM|Life is made up of Moments. Moments create Days, days create Months, months create Years, years create LIFE. Lose the Moment and you lose Life.
Emily Whitaker, Benvolio|Would it help,” he asked gently, “to have a shoulder to cry on?” She fought to conceal how much the question unnerved her. “Thank you, but no.” Carefully she dropped the herbs into the kettle. “Crying is a waste of time.” “‘ To weep is to make less the depth of grief.’” “Is that a Romany saying?” “Shakespeare.
Tom Bodett|They say a person needs just three things to be truly happy in this world: someone to love, something to do, and something to hope for.
|If what you call happiness are the pleasurable feelings that you experience when things are going very well in your life, then you truly don't know what true happiness is.
Curtis Tyrone Jones|Each timewe bow to thefeet of anythingwe find riveting,the mind rises tobe surprised withnew crowningdiamonds ofcreativity.
Lauren F. Winner, Still: Notes on a Mid-Faith Crisis|Some days my mantra was I will stay in this marriage because I am a Christian and Christians stay, but other days, I thought: if the choices are Christianity or divorce then I will just have to embrace secular humanism because I am not even sure I believe any of this anymore and it is one thing to devote twenty minutes every morning to praying when you are not sure you believe anything anymore and it is another thing to organize your whole life around a marriage you don’t want to be in because a God who may or may not exist says let no man put asunder.
William Hague|It is the civilian part of the politics that is very, very bad, and we have to change that.
John Patrick Hickey, Oops! Did I Really Post That|Remember this, posting pictures are like speaking words, you cannot take them back.
Karen Blixen, Last Tales|Hard and cruel though it may seem," said the Cardinal, "yet we, who hold our high office as keepers and watchmen to the story, may tell you, verily, that to its human characters there is salvation in nothing else in the universe. If you tell them -- you compassionate and accommodating human readers -- that they may bring their distress and anguish before any other authority, you will be cruelly deceiving and mocking them. For within our whole universe the story only has authority to answer that cry of heart of its characters, that one cry of heart of each of them: 'Who am I?
INTERNET|I do not see emotions and feelings as the intangible and vaporous qualities that many presume them to be. Their subject matter is concrete, and they can be related to specific systems in body and brain, no less so than vision or speech.
Muriel Barbery, The Elegance of the Hedgehog|I don't know if you have any idea what a high school in Paris is like in this day and age in the posh neighborhoods—but quite honestly, the slummy banlieues of Marseille have nothing on ours. In fact it may even be worse here, because where you have money, you have drugs—and not just a little bit and not just one kind.
John Flanagan, Erak's Ransom|To amuse oneself in order that one may exert oneself, as Anacharsis puts it, seems right; for amusement is a sort of relaxation, and we need relaxation because we cannot work continuously.
Andrew Rilstone|Books—all books—are complicated things, muttering at us in different contradictory voices, refusing to stay the same when we go back to them. Tying them down too much robs of them of the magic.
Debasish Mridha|If you love everyone without judging them, then you will never be able to find an enemy.
Patty Houser, A Woman's Guide to Knowing What You Believe: How to Love God With Your Heart and Your Mind|When two people who love each other cannot come into agreement after substantial discussion, it is perfectly appropriate to agree to disagree without raining judgment down on each others’ heads. For most people, there are some entrenched beliefs and opinions which will not change, regardless of persuasion or coercion.
John Cage, M: Writings '67-'72|Why is it that children, taught the names of the months and the fact that there are twelve of them, don't ask why the ninth is called the seventh (September), the tenth called the eight (October), the eleventh called the ninth (November), the twelfth called the tenth (December)?
Philip Pullman|I am a strong believer in the tyranny, the dictatorship, the absolute authority of the writer.
Coreen T. Sol, Practically Investing: Smart Investment Techniques Your Neighbour Doesn't Know|...that human hunger birthed the Civ'lize, but human hunger killed it too.
Janet Evanovich, To the Nines|Your on your on with this one babe.""Coward.""Calling me names isn't going to get me in there."-Ranger and Stephanie
Jessica Verdi, My Life After Now|Neva ought to smile more. It breaks her anxiety into tiny pieces of joy you want to gather up and hand back to her in your palms, as if to say, “See what you can make when you loose the reins.
Sofia Grey, His Temporary Fix|He would only be here one more night.And then back on deployment, whispered the dark part of my soul. He might never come back. You might be the last woman he ever has.
Albert Thomas Bifarelli|Jungian psychology built upon a numinous sandcastle-of-gilded- abstractions, reflects modernity’s transcendental reinstatement of Theosophy into an archetypal, pseudo-scientific conflation of mysticism and shamanic-induced revelation.
Charlotte Brontë|Nature seemed to me benign and good; I thought she loved me, outcast as I was; and I, who from man could anticipate only mistrust, rejection, insult, clung to her with filial fondness. To-night at least, I would be her guest-as I was her child; my mother would lodge me without money and without price.
Scott Westerfeld, The World of the Golden Compass: The Otherworldly Ride Continues|Ignorance doesn't lead to salvation, nor does knowledge pave the way to sin. - Cinda Williams Chima
Mehmet Murat ildan|Sometimes I think people like you are the strongest of us all. The kind of person who can find beauty in anything. Who chooses to believe in love before hate. Who doesn’t just hope for happy endings, but has what it takes to create the happy ending. It’s so easy to be angry, to hate, to see the worst in a situation. But to actively choose to see the best? That’s where all the courage is.
Sunday Adelaja|Poverty, oppression, grief and depression will increase, if a country does not live according to the rules of God.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Lays of Beleriand|What art thou Faustus, but a man condemned to die?
Shel Silverstein|An oak tree and a rosebush grew,Young and green together,Talking the talk of growing things-Wind and water and weather.And while the rosebush sweetly bloomedThe oak tree grew so highThat now it spoke of newer things-Eagles, mountain peaks and sky."I guess you think you're pretty great,"The rose was heard to cry,Screaming as loud as it possibly couldTo the treetop in the sky."And now you have no time for flower talk,Now that you've grown so tall.""It's not so much that I've grown," said the tree,"It's just that you've stayed so small.
Harvey Milk|Politics is theater. It doesn't matter if you win. You make a statement. You say, "I'm here, pay attention to me
Sunday Adelaja|Pray and fast for your ministry, proclaim it and prophesy victory to yourself
Erin Hunter, The Last Hope|Honor is Surplus Dignity: Honor, at its simplest, is that excess dignity that must be defended with the knife or sword. Wherever honor is at issue, it comes with a sense that dignity can be lost, and therefore must be constantly defended.
Alfred Tennyson, In Memoriam|Tis better to have loved and lost, Than never to have loved at all.
Lydia Davis, Samuel Johnson Is Indignant|At a certain point in her life, she realises it is not so much that she wants to have a child as that she does not want not to have a child, or not to have had a child.
Mindy Mejia, Everything You Want Me to Be|They could be gone for years, healed over and laid to rest, and then out of nowhere the gun smoke stung my eyes, the wet jungle invaded my nose, and I had to bury them all over again. You could leave a war, but it never left you.
Lawrence Pearsall Jacks|A master in the art of living draws no sharp distinction between his work and his play; his labor and his leisure; his mind and his body; his education and his recreation. He hardly knows which is which. He simply pursues his vision of excellence through whatever he is doing, and leaves others to determine whether he is working or playing. To himself, he always appears to be doing both.
Aristotle, The Nicomachean Ethics|Life in accordance with intellect is best and pleasantest, since this, more than anything else, constitutes humanity.
J.M. Robertson, A History of Free Thought in the Nineteenth Century V1|The science of this world, which has become a great power, has, especially in the last century, analysed everything divine handed down to us in the holy books. After this cruel analysis the learned of this world have nothing left of all that was sacred of old. But they have only analysed the parts and overlooked the whole, and indeed their blindness is marvellous. Yet the whole still stands steadfast before their eyes, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it.... For even those who have renounced Christianity and attack it, in their in most being still follow the Christian ideal
Trix Wilkins, The Courtship of Jo March: a variation of Louisa May Alcott's Little Women|Character is built on every decision we make, especially those we make in secret.
Katie Kiesler, Because I Love You|Prayer is talking to God… but it’s so much more than that… it’s the beat of our heart, the attitude of our mind, the song on our tongue, the direction of our thoughts…
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|I resolved to tell my guardian that I doubted Orlick being the right sort of man to fill a post of trust at Miss Havisham’s. ‘Why of course he is not the right sort of man, Pip,’ said my guardian, comfortably satisfied beforehand on the general head, ‘because the man who fills the post of trust never is the right sort of man.
Big Time Rush|Try to knock us down, we'll get up every time. "24/Seven
Stephen Fry|I'm fat because I'm greedy, and if my mind is fat it's because I'm curious.
Richard P. Feynman|I am a teacher born and bred, and I believe in the advocacy of teachers. It's a calling. We want our students to feel impassioned and empowered.
Tony Wilson, 24-Hour Party People|Honouring the youth of their town they provided a décor that a £20-a-Martini fleecing parlour could not have amortized. They had bought eighty low Alvar Aalto stools for the alcove and coctail bar seating. Also, twenty tall numbers in the same bent bleach wood classic style. Extremely expensive and brought in from Finland at equally great expense.And in the first twelve months, ninety percent had disappeared. Compared to the catastrophic damage done every other week to one of the toilets just off the main dance floor --the level of masonry demolition going deep into the floor implied the use of a full-sized pneumatic drill-- the loss of a bunch of stools was incidental.The fact that thirty-two then turned up in New Order's rehearsal room was therefore coincidental. If you couldn't join in the public in stealing from your own club, what was the point of opening it?
Ray d'Inverno|I was far from being a child prodigy, and yet I learnt relativity at the age of 15!
Haruki Murakami, The Strange Library|Sure, the outcome was favourable, but what was the cost? Wasn't changing the way she felt about something not far from taking away her free will altogether?
Pamela Cummins, Insights for Singles: Steps to Find Everlasting Love|Keep Your Pants OnSome people believe the myth that if you do NOT have sex by the third date the relationship is going nowhere. What a joke!!! Why would you have sex with a complete stranger? This person could be married, a psycho, or have an interesting disease that could be spread to you. Get to know the person for who they are, no matter how great their body is. Why risk having sex before discovering you really do not like them? Think before you get naked!
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Palm Sunday: An Autobiographical Collage|What should young people do with their lives today? Many things, obviously. But the most daring thing is to create stable communities in which the terrible disease of loneliness can be cured.
Mukesh Kwatra|Pardon me for budging into concoction of the aristocrats blowing their trumpets, the demagogues' doctrines, the antagonists' squeals, the hypocrites' assertions, the sycophants fawning adoration, the facebookers' slants, the youthful sneers, the pragmatic notions n of course some acquiescent aspirants....this facebook page is so bombarded by myriad posts....maddening to read n like all.....so here's wishing each one of the revered contestants all the best.....may the deserving win.....
Maurice Druon, El rey de hierro|Every man believes to some extent that the world began when he was born and, at the moment of leaving it, suffers at having to let the Universe remain unfinished.
|In order to live in the reality of your God's given destiny, you must consistently guard your mind against all self-defeating thoughts.
Aly Martinez, Stolen Course|It’s different and bold. It stands out amongst a blank world of black, white, and gray. Orange is the early morning sun stretching across the sky and the color of a burning ember standing tall in the middle of a beach bonfire. It’s leaves in the fall, carrots in Nana’s vegetable soup on a cold winter day, tulips in the spring, and the ladybugs in the middle of the grassy park on a hot summer afternoon. Orange is life. It’s unexpected but beautiful.
Holly Near|When a true genius appears, you can know him by this sign: that all the dunces are in a confederacy against him.
Umberto Eco, Postscript to the Name of the Rose|When the writer (or the artist in general) says he has worked without giving any thought to the rules of the process, he simply means he was working without realizing he knew the rules.
Juhi Chawla|Suppose that we are wise enough to learn and know - and yet not wise enough to control our learning and knowledge, so that we use it to destroy ourselves? Even if that is so, knowledge remains better than ignorance.
Bruno De Oliveira|Charity has an embedded message of alleviating the consequences of poverty and not of eradicating it. As the evidence suggested, charity seems to be pervert form of social mechanism that validates contemporary social inequality maintained by neoliberalism policies under the capitalist ideology. It seems problematic that the world’s current ideology i.e. capitalism alienation is the main contributor of contemporary issues with poverty world-wide and the solution presented to this social problem is charity. In addition, charity seems to be the humanitarian side of a system that advocates and promotes exploitation.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Slaughterhouse-Five|America is the wealthiest nation on Earth, but its people are mainly poor, and poor Americans are urged to hate themselves.... It is in fact a crime for an American to be poor, even though America is a nation of poor. Every other nation has folk traditions of men who were poor but extremely wise and virtuous, and therefore more estimable than anyone with power and gold. No such tales are told by American poor. They mock themselves and glorify their betters.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Timequake|All persons, living and dead, are purely coincidental.
Dean Koontz, Saint Odd|As she looked at him, her dark gray eyes went slowly from astonishment to stillness, then to a strange expression that resembled a look of weariness, except that it seemed to reflect much more than the endurance of this one moment.
Summer Glau|Like anyone who goes to college, you're leaving a familiar surrounding and a comfortable environment and your friends and everything, and you're starting fresh. It can be pretty daunting.
Kim Harrison, A Fistful of Charms|His right ear still held both studs, and I wondered who had the missing earring. I would have asked, but was afraid he’d tell me Ivy had it.
Ruby Archer|Sad; so sad, those smoky-rose, smoky-mauve evenings of late autumn, sad enough to pierce the heart. The sun departs the sky in winding sheets of gaudy cloud; anguish enters the city, a sense of the bitterest regret, a nostalgia for things we never knew, anguish of the turn of the year, the time of impotent yearning, the inconsolable season.
Joe Navarro, What Every Body is Saying: An Ex-FBI Agent's Guide to Speed-Reading People|Nesse’s research focuses on the evolutionary origins of depression. Why does depression exist at all? If it’s stayed in our gene pool for so long, he argues, there must be some evolutionary benefit. Nesse believes that depression may be an adaptive mechanism meant to prevent us from falling victim to blind optimism—and squandering resources on the wrong goals.11 It’s to our evolutionary advantage not to waste time and energy on goals we can’t realistically achieve. And so when we have no clear way to make productive progress, our neurological systems default to a state of low energy...
Philip Roth, American Pastoral|I don’t know,” he said. “I just feel like I have to do something.”“Do what?”“I don’t know. That’s what’s wrong. Or part of what’s wrong. I feel like I’m sleepwalking.
Rina Nath|All love stories are frustration stories. As are all stories about parents and children, which are also love stories, in Freud's view, the formative love stories. To fall in love is to be reminded of a frustration that you didn't know you had (of one's formative frustrations, and of one's attempted self-cures for them); you wanted someone, you felt deprived of something, and then it seems to be there. And what is renewed in that experience is an intensity of frustration, and an intensity of satisfaction. It is as if, oddly, you were waiting for someone but you didn't know who they were until they arrived. Whether or not you were aware that there was something missing in your life, you will be when you meet the person you want. What psychoanalysis will add to this love story is that the person you fall in love with really is the man or woman of your dreams; that you have dreamed them up before you met them; not out of nothing - nothing comes of nothing - but out of prior experience, both real and wished for. You recognize them with such certainty because you already, in a certain sense, know them, and because you have quite literally been expecting them, you feel as though you have known them for ever, and yet, at the same time, they are quite foreign to you. They are familiar foreign bodies. But one things is very noticeable in this basic story; that however much you have been wanting and hoping and dreaming of meeting the person of your dreams, it is only when you meet them that you will start missing them. It seems the presence of an object is required to make its absence felt.
C. JoyBell C.|You know what a supernova is? It's a dead star. And yet, it is the most beautiful specimen in the universe. Lots of people are supernovas but don't know it, they think that they're dead; they don't know that they're beautiful.
Win Borden|Demand the best from yourself, because others will demand the best from you... Successful people don't simply give a project hard work. They give it their best work.
Saint Patrick|I think that the greatest gift God ever gave man is not the gift of sight but the gift of vision. Sight is a function of the eyes, but vision is a function of the heart.
M.  Clarke|He kissed me with a fire like no other, as if he were afraid breaking the kiss would break us.
Charlotte Eriksson, Another Vagabond Lost To Love: Berlin Stories on Leaving & Arriving|I am not a finished poem, and I am not the song you’ve turned me into. I am a detached human being, making my way in a world that is constantly trying to push me aside, and you who send me letters and emails and beautiful gifts wouldn’t even recognise me if you saw me walking down the street where I live tomorrowfor I am not a poem. I am tired and worn out and the eyes you would see would not be painted or inspiredbut empty and weary from drinking too much at all timesand I am not the life of your party who sings and has glorious words to speakfor I don’t speak muchat alland my voice is raspy and unsteady from unhealthy living and not much sleep and I only use it when I sing and I always sing too muchor not at alland never when people are around because they expect poems and symphonies and I am nota poembut an elegyat my bestbut unedited and uncut and not a lot of people want to work with me because there’s only so much you can do with an audio take, with the plug-ins and EQs and I was born distorted, disordered, and I’m pretty fine with that,but others are not.
Sarah Lotz, The Three|Always be careful of where you run to. When the going gets tough, take it easy and slow down, else you venture into the den of lions.
Bayard Taylor|You can hold on to me for as long as you want. Let go of the pain, Sookie". - Eric, Club dead.
Cassandra Clare, Lady Midnight|One of us," said Malcolm, "is worth five hundred of you. I can burn you to the ground in six seconds flat and use the ashes to stuff a teddy bear for my girlfriend. Not that I have a girlfriend at the moment," he added, "but one lives to hope.
Kellie Elmore, Jagged Little Pieces|If I breathe you in and you breathe me out, I swear we can breathe forever. I swear I’ll find summer in your winter and spring in your autumn and always, hands at the ends of your fingers, arms at the ends of your shoulders and I swear, when we run out of forever, when we run out of air, your name will be the last word that my lungs make air for.
Joshua Oppenheimer|When I was either 7 or 8 years old, I did a sketch every day of my teacher and what she wore. At the end of the year, I gave her the sketchbook. For me, the sketching of dresses was about fantasy and dreams.
Auliq Ice|Sometimes the only option is to raise the stakes, to throw yourself the other way, to force your opponent further down the path they've chosen, further than they might want to go.
Abu Bakar Bashir|Back in the day, when I started, you were still allowed to make mistakes. You got to make your mistakes in public, in a way. I think the world was a more forgiving place when I started my career, in the sense that we got time and space to develop as a writer.
Sandra Steingraber, Having Faith: An Ecologist's Journey to Motherhood|You can't cling to the side your whole life, that one lesson every parent needs to teach a child is "If you don't want to sink, you better figure out how to swim
W. Somerset Maugham|A little smoke lost in the air, that was the life of a man.
Roald Dahl, The Witches|It is most unlikely. But--here comes the big "but"--not impossible.
Carolyn Lee Adams, Ruthless|He looks up and up and up to get to her face. His mama's a tall lady, and he's only seven. He's overwhelmed by red. Red heels, red nails, red lips, red hair, red eyes. So help him, the boy has always thought his mama's copper-colored eyes damn near shined red. He looks into those eyes and knows she's come home funny.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Beware trying to iron out all your quirks, perceived flaws and doubts. It's often these things that help you find strength, compassion, empathy for others and heart.
Jeff VanVonderen, Families Where Grace Is in Place|I cannot make my kids obey. But I can control my responses to their disobedience—that is, I can respect their choices and provide wise consequences for their actions, so they can learn just as much about wisdom from disobeying as from obeying. And I can respond in ways that create an environment in which their poor choices are their problem.
Albert Einstein|No, this trick won't work... How on earth are you ever going to explain in terms of chemistry and physics so important a biological phenomenon as first love? 
R.L. Mathewson, Perfection|Perfection is a promise, and a reassurance that we are not wrong.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|Excessive caution destroys the soul and the heart, because living is an act of courage, and an act of courage is always an act of love.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|ASK YOURSELF: Are you presenting yourself in the best of all lights, online and off, and demonstrating the dignity of good manners? Make sure of it! If not, it may come back to haunt you.
Ron Baratono|Feeling tired of your four walls?Jesus commanded us to "GO", not sit! (Mark 16:15) Just saying!
Virginia Woolf|the battered woman--for she wore a skirt--with her right hand exposed, her left clutching at her side, stood singing of love--love which has lasted a million years, she sang, love which prevails, and millions of years ago, her lover, who had been dead these centuries, had walked, she crooned, with her in May; but in the course of ages, long as summer days, and flaming, she remembered, with nothing but red asters, he had gone; death's enormous sickle had swept those tremendous hills, and when at last she laid her hoary and immensely aged head on the earth, now become a mere cinder of ice, she implored the Gods to lay by her side a bunch of purple heather, there on her high burial place which the last rays of the last sun caressed; for then the pageant of the universe would be over.
M. Beddow Bayly|He places me on the concrete floor, expressionless as he studies me. “It’ll be easier next time,” he whispers, “killing on command.” 1352 hunkers in front of me, his brown eyes boring into mine. “They’ll desensitise you through exposure or drive you mad by it. Either way, sooner or later the death will cease to matter to you. All that remains to be seen is if you’ll retain your sanity when that happens.”“Is that what they did to you?” I snarl at him, my fear of the truth in his admission urging me to anger.“No,” 1352 answers simply, “they didn’t need to because I’ve been theirs from the moment I woke up.” He rests a palm over my chest, “You though, you still have a heart. You’re not a corpse made animate. They need to kill you before they can possess you but death is not always the stilling of a pulse. Sometimes it takes the more complex task of destroying a soul to kill a person, rather than simply sending it on its way. They need to corrupt you because they need you to behave in a way that overshadows everything you’ve ever stood for previously, only then can they claim you.
Magan Vernon, Life, Love, & Lemons|When life hands you lemons sometimes you just have to say screw the lemons, and bail.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Patience... Is the last hope any individual can have during sabbatical. When the expected doesn't happen... Patience, expect the unexpected. When you are true to something that you have done; the results will come. Better late than never. As it is said' when a door is shut, opens an other.. "Patience
Athanasius of Alexandria, On the Incarnation|The body of the Word, then, being a real human body, in spite of its having been uniquely formed from a virgin, was of itself mortal and, like other bodies, liable to death. But the indwelling of the Word loosed it from this natural liability, so that corruption could not touch it. Thus is happened that two opposite marvels took place at once: the death of all was consummated in the Lord's body; yet, because the Word was in it, death and corruption were in the same act utterly abolished.
Lake Bell|I would work until I got stuck, and I would put it down and pick up something else. I might be able to take a 20-minute nap and get to work again. That way, I was able to work about 10 hours a day... It was important to me to work every day. I managed to work on Christmas day, just to be able to say I worked 365 days a year.
Jerome Groopman|I had learned that every patient has the right to hope, despite long odds, and it was my role to help nurture that hope.
Catherine Doyle, Vendetta|Do you think you wear a mask?’‘I’m wearing one right now.’ Valentino smiled softly. ‘We both are.’‘It’s a sad thought.’‘Yes,’ he said. ‘But sometimes I wonder about the alternative. Imagine if we had no secrets, no respite from the truth. What if everything was laid bare the moment we introduced ourselves?
Aravind Adiga, Selection Day|O, I do read Indian novels sometimes. But you know, Ms Rupinder, what we Indians want in literature, at least the kind written in English, is not literature at all, but flattery. We want to see ourselves depicted as soulful, sensitive, profound, valorous, wounded, tolerant and funny beings. All that Jhumpa Lahiri stuff. But the truth is, we are absolutely nothing of that kind. What are we, then, Ms Rupinder? We are animals of the jungle, who will eat our neighbour's children in five minutes, and our own in ten. Keep this in mind before you do any business in this country.
Jason   Wallace, Out of Shadows|I wonder...," she said, "if there was such a thing as time machines, would anyone ever use them to go to the future?
David John Griffin, Two Dogs At The One Dog Inn|The woman you thought you talked to was like one out of my novels, nothing more than a dream, and illusion I conjured to feel better. That’s all I ever will be, unable to be that woman in real life.
Amit Ray, Meditation: Insights and Inspirations|Looking at beauty in the world, is the first step of purifying the mind.
Kate White, Eyes on You|I studied his face, and as I did, I realized that he was studying me, our thoughts tangling in mid-air for a moment.
John Urry|Good sociologists have always had an insatiable curiosity about about even the trivialities of human behaviour, and if this curiosity leads a sociologist to devote many years to the painstaking exploration of some small corner of the social world that may appear quite trivial to others, so be it: Why do more teenagers pick their noses in rural Minnesota than in rural Iowa? What are the patterns of church socials over a twenty-year period in small-town Saskatchewan? What is the correlation between religious affiliation and accident-proneness among elderly Hungarians?
Gillian Marchenko, Sun Shine Down: A Memoir|I usually enjoy setting up a new kitchen, but this has become a joyless and highly charged task. My mother and I each have our own set of kitchen boxes, which means that if there are two cheese graters between us, only one will make it into a cupboard. The other will be put back in a box or given to Goodwill. Each such little decision has the weight of a Middle East negotiation. While her kitchenware is serviceable, I’m a sucker for the high end: All-Clad saucepans and Emile Henry pie dishes. Before long, I’m shaking my head at pretty much everything my mother removes from her San Diego boxes. She takes each rejected item as a personal slight – which in fact it is. I begrudge her even her lightweight bowls, which she can lift easily with her injured hand. Here she is, a fragile old woman barely able to bend down as she peers into a low cupboard, looking for a place where she can share life with her grown daughter. At such a sight my heart should be big, but it’s small, so small that when I see her start stuffing her serving spoons into the same drawer as my own sturdy pieces, lovingly accumulated over the years, it makes me crazy. Suddenly I’m acting out decades of unvoiced anger about my mother’s parenting, which seems to be materializing in the form of her makeshift collection of kitchenware being unpacked into my drawers. When I became a mother myself, I developed a self-righteous sense of superiority to my mother: I was better than my mother, for having successfully picked myself up and dusted myself off, for never having lain in bed for days on end, too blotto to get my child off to school or even to know if it was a school day. By sheer force of will and strength of character, I believed, I had risen above all that she succumbed to and skirted all that I might have inherited. This, of course, is too obnoxiously smug to say in words. So I say it with flatware.
Adeline Yen Mah, Chinese Cinderella: The True Story of an Unwanted Daughter|That’s exactly what I’ll do, I thought to myself. After dinner, I’m going to ask BigBrother to teach me how to read this map. With Aunt Baba still in Tianjin, there’sobviously nobody looking out for me. I’ll just have to find my own way.
Sharon Lovejoy, Running Out of Night|Most of these people are not going anywhere, and have nothing meaningful to do. They are zombies seeking purpose in an environment that cannot provide it. This is why, at the slightest public commotion, they quickly form their mobs, like a swarm of flies seeking shit on which to settle. But I did not come here to give a lecture. I came here to look for you.
Alice Walker, Living by the Word|Some periods of our growth are so confusing that we don’t even recognize that growth is happening. We may feel hostile or angry or weepy and hysterical, or we may feel depressed. It would never occur to us, unless we stumbled on a book or a person who explained to us, that we were in fact in the process of change, of actually becoming larger, spiritually, than we were before. Whenever we grow, we tend to feel it, as a young seed must feel the weight and inertia of the earth as it seeks to break out of its shell on its way to becoming a plant. Often the feeling is anything but pleasant. But what is most unpleasant is the not knowing what is happening. Those long periods when something inside ourselves seems to be waiting, holding its breath, unsure about what the next step should be, eventually become the periods we wait for, for it is in those periods that we realize that we are being prepared for the next phase of our life and that, in all probability, a new level of the personality is about to be revealed.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|Right, 'the Queen of Hearts.' Sounds to me like you’re just one bitch in a whole pack of cards, baby.
Karen Kingsbury|With effort he opened his eyes again. Was someone there with him in the dusk? Yes. Someone was standing above him, looking down at him. Tom squinted, trying to see through the gloom. Then he realized: no. It was only the scorched painting on the wall. Those painted eyes with the line of blood trickling down beside them. 'Bad day,' he thought up at them. 'It seems I've been murdered.' 'Yes,' responded the eyes at once. 'That happens sometimes when you insist on telling the truth. People don't always appreciate it.' 'It's not so bad really,' Tom told the eyes. 'Maybe I'll get to see you in heaven.' 'The road to heaven isn't death, Tommy. It's life.' Tom peered up at the eyes through the growing darkness. He thought he saw the whole painting recovered in its frame: Christ crucified, the rivulets of blood streaming down from under his crown of thorns. 'But you died.' Tom said to him. 'You died and went to heaven.' 'No,' the eyes answered. 'I lived. That's the whole point. I lived. And now you have to live, Tom.
Anne Osterlund, Academy 7|Look, Aerin, preparation is only half the challenge of winning a debate.”“And the other half?”He had her now. “You have to choose the right side.”“Your side, you mean.” She bristled.“No, the losing side.”“What?”“Always choose the weaker side.”“Why would I do that?” Doubt edged her voice, but now she was sitting erect, her feet flat on the floor.“Because then you have further to go to prove your case.” He eased the feet of his chair down. “In a debate, there are two sides. If both make a good argument, then the less popular side wins because that side had further to go to prove its point. Simple logistics.”“If you don’t care which side wins.” She frowned.“It’s a debate. It doesn’t matter which side wins.”“You mean it doesn’t matter to you.” The tone in her voice unsettled him. Or maybe it was the fact that that her criticism disturbed him at all.“It’s a class,” he said. “The point is to flesh out the different sides of an argument.”“And you don’t care if the truth gets lost in the shuffle. Don’t you believe in anything?!
Amit Kalantri|In effect, the poor person is a rich person left to fend for him or herself, without the support of institutions that help the person to take 'good' decisions.
Onyi Anyado|Knowing what you don't want in life is almost as helpful as having a five year plan. Vision doesn't always mean you know exactly what you want to do or where you want to be in life; sometimes, vision is knowing where you don't want to be in order to find where you should end up!
Nouman Ali Khan|If we are to grow in love, the prisons of our egoism must be unlocked. This implies suffering, constant effort and repeated choices.
Alexander Pope, The Dunciad|Next o'er his books his eyes began to roll,In pleasing memory of all he stole.
Alice McDermott, Someone|But Mrs. Meany, see, the women went on, leaning forward, despite how her heart was broken, pulled herself together, anyway, to put on a good face for the rest of the family at home. And she went back, Sunday after Sunday, right up until the Sunday before she died. Mrs. Meany put her beautiful love - a mother's love - against the terrible scenes that brewed like sewage in that poor girl's troubled mind. She persevered, she baked her cakes, she hauled herself (the goiter swinging) on and off the ferry, and she sat, brokenhearted, holding her daughter's hand, even as Lucy shouted her terrible words, proving to anyone with eyes to see that a mother's love was a beautiful, light, relentless thing that the devil could not diminish.
Sri Chinmoy, Sri Chinmoy's Heart Garden: A Book of Aphorisms for Joy and Inspiration|Every life is a story. Every story has mistakes. If you focus too much on the mistakes, you will miss the story. In doing that, you are making a dreadful mistake yourself. Sometimes, it is the mistakes that enrich and give the story so much more meaning than it would have had otherwise.
Pratibha Patil|I am a naturalized U.S. citizen, which means that, unlike native-born citizens, I had to prove to the U.S. government that I merited citizenship.
Philip Seymour Hoffman|There's a tendency, when the offspring of a famous person does something notable, to define them by their more-famous parent.
Matthew  Williams, Shadowchild|The American id could not be educated, Spinks thought. It needed horror in order to stay awake and to justify its most pleasureful pursuit, the destruction of helpless people who had never done anything wrong.
Debasish Mridha|What is yours today, you will lose some day; nothing is permanent, so don’t make it a big deal.
Andy Harglesis|Time runs independently of us, and we cannot comprehend the flow of time. Time is a category in itself.
Bahaa Taher, الحب في المنفى|Misery is a scar on the soul, that if it begins in childhood, it lasts the whole lifetime. I understand that no two scars are alike, but I also ask myself; even if these scars are not alike, aren’t these things engraved on our souls signed by which we know each other?Aren’t we also alike?
Barack Obama|You're the one saying how vital offing these kids and grabbing their brat is to the war effort, right? Well, I'm telling you I need way more cash to do it right, so--Lying.How have you not murdered that creature by now?Oh, I've tried.
Debasish Mridha|Make nature your best teacher. With great love, learn from her the lessons of life.
Peter Clines, 14|And the ultimate question remains, To live, is it a blessing or the punishment itself ?
Billy Tauzin|If I'm feeling outraged, grief, disbelief, frustration, sympathy, that gets channeled through me and into my pictures and hopefully transmitted to the viewer.
Donald Glover|And at the time, it is funny how you can look at something and say, for example with my shoulder injury, when it first happened I said this is the worst thing that could happen to me. Why me, why now? Now I look back and say it was probably the best thing that happened to me.
Edward Thomas|This ploughman dead in battle slept out of doorsMany a frozen night, and merrilyAnswered staid drinkers, good bedmen, and all bores:"At Mrs Greenland's Hawthorn Bush," said he,"I slept." None knew which bush. Above the town,Beyond `The Drover', a hundred spot the downIn Wiltshire. And where now at last he sleepsMore sound in France -that, too, he secret keeps.
Julie Adair King, How to Talk so Little Kids Will Listen: A Survival Guide to Life with Children Ages 2-7|We would never have gained the knowledge if it wasn’t meant to be used.” Jo was in teacher mode, and so we began to dance.
Stanley Kubrick, Stanley Kubrick: Interviews|The most interesting of the classic movie genres to me are the indigenous ones: the Western, which was born on the Frontier, the Gangster Film, which originated in the East Coast cities, and the Musical, which was spawned by Broadway. They remind me of jazz: they allowed for endless, increasingly complex, sometimes perverse variations. When these variations were played by the masters, they reflected the changing times; they gave you fascinating insights into American culture and the American psyche.
Nawal El-Saadawi, Woman at Point Zero|How is it possible to live? Life is so hard?’‘You must be harder than life, Firdaus. Life is very hard. The only people who really live are those who are harder than life itself.’‘But you are not hard, Sharifa, so how do you manage to live?’‘I am hard, terribly hard, Firdaus.’‘No, you are gentle and soft.’‘My skin is soft, but my heart is cruel, and my bite deadly.’‘Like snake?’‘Yes, exactly like a snake. Life is a snake. They are the same, Firdaus. If the snake realises you are not a snake, it will bite you. And if life knows you have no sting, it will devour you.
Daniela I. Norris, On Dragonfly Wings: A Skeptic's Journey to Mediumship|What I like about this belief is that it makes people look for a big picture, and think more about how they behave in this life and what they achieve, as it might influence their next lives. I also like another aspect of it: that negative experiences teach us as much as positive experiences do; sometimes they teach us more.
Richard Ford, The Lay of the Land|Whether life finds us guilty or not guilty, we ourselves know we are not innocent.
Simon Schama|Liquid architecture. It's like jazz - you improvise, you work together, you play off each other, you make something, they make something. And I think it's a way of - for me, it's a way of trying to understand the city, and what might happen in the city.
Charles Dickens, A Tale of Two Cities|And a beautiful world we live in, when it is possible, and when many other such things are possible, and not only possible, but done-- done, see you!-- under that sky there, every day.
Dada Bhagwan|Besides the Self [Soul], what is everything else? It is all worldly interactions (vyavahar). And worldly interaction is dependent on the non-Self (parashrit). Because people believe the non-Self dependent state (parashrit) to be Self-dependent (swashrit); you too believe it to be so. How can a disease leave once it has set in? This worldly disease has increased into a chronic disease! How can one become free from it? If one attains the ‘science’, he can be free!
Dale Renton|When what you hear and what you see don't match, trust your eyes.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|When you begin to care too much about what everyone else says, your confidence shrinks and you start to feel like insignificant, little Jack in a strange land of intimidating giants. But when you come to realize that opinions are as diverse and plentiful as dried beans, you might reach the conclusion that your own is of the greatest worth. That's when your confidence grows, and soon you find yourself striding like Gandalf the wondrous wizard among common hobbits in the shire. Respecting your own opinion is the magic that transforms both you and your world.
Tessa Dare, Do You Want to Start a Scandal|When their lips finally met, all the pent up emotion within Christina’s breast surged, funneling into a whirlwind of heat. Pushing away all thoughts, she allowed herself only to feel. Lachlan could be so physical, so powerful, so brutal, but when he wrapped his arms around her, Christina felt invincible. Be it true or nay, she felt loved, and cherished, and valued. Reaching up, she slid her fingers through his locks. Soft waves of thick tresses contrasted with hardened male….	As his kiss eased, he cupped her cheek in the palm of his hand. “I wish I could hold you in my arms forever.
Sana Krasikov|Moscow appeared to her as an Asiatic sprawl of twisting streets, wooden shanties, and horse cabs. But already another Moscow was rising up through the chaos of the first. Streets built to accommodate donkey tracks have been torn open and replaced with boulevards broader than two or three Park Avenues. On the sidewalks, pedestrians were being detoured onto planks around enormous construction pits. A smell of sawdust and metal filings hung in the air
Susan Sontag, The Benefactor|The truth is always something that is told, not something that is known. If there were no speaking or writing, there would be no truth about anything. There would only be what is.
Zathyn Priest, One of Those Days|Is he about to kiss me? Did he eat garlic too or was I the only one? 'Cause if Ric didn't eat garlic then my breath's gonna stink and he'll think... Oh for fuck sake, shut up internal dialogue!
Rosie O'Donnell|A woman who becomes famous through her work reduces her erotic value. A woman is permitted to chat or babble, but speaking in public with authority is still the greatest transgression.
Charles Bukowski, Ham on Rye|Say farewell to luck when winning. It is the way of the gamblers of reputation. Quite as important as a gallant advance is a well-planned retreat. Lock up your winnings when they are enough, or when great. Continuous luck is always suspect; more secure is that which changes. Though half bitter and half sweet, it is more satisfying to the taste. The more luck pyramids, the greater the danger of slip and collapse. For luck always compensates her intensity by her brevity. Fortune wearies of carrying anyone long upon her shoulders.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Hush, Hush|It isn't about love," Vee said. "It's about fun.
Krista Ritchie, Fuel the Fire|I always knew there was no one who is going to accept my flaws and understand my brokenness.And i knew it very well that nobody would hold my hand when the wind of darkness overcome my life so i just pushed them,i pushed them all away.
Larry Kramer, The American People: Volume 1: Search for My Heart: A Novel|I've always looked at America like a foster mother doing it only for the check. At any minute, I just knew she'd be ready to give up on me.
Maurice Saatchi|You can compromise between good, better, and best, and you can compromise between bad and worse and terrible. But you can't compromise between good and evil. And now people look at the other side as a completely different kind of animal and say, 'They are taking the country down the road to purgatory.' It's complete intolerance.
Anonymous|Do not consider his appearance or his height, for I have rejected him. The Lord does not look at the things people look at. People look at the outward appearance, but the Lord looks at the heart.
Algernon Charles Swinburne|I tremble for my country when I hear of confidence expressed in me. I know too well my weakness, that our only hope is in God.
Myla Goldberg, Bee Season|In future, brainwave is a media of universal language.
Elna Baker, The New York Regional Mormon Singles Halloween Dance: A Memoir|Impossible is Nothing,” it said. “Impossible is just a big word thrown around by small men who find it easier to live in the world they’ve been given than to explore the power they have to change it. Impossible is not a fact. It’s an opinion. Impossible is not a declaration. It’s a dare. Impossible is potential. Impossible is temporary. Impossible is nothing.
William Sloane Coffin Jr., Credo|There is nothing anti-intellectual in the leap of faith, for faith is not believing without proof but trusting without reservation.
Walt Disney|If you want to kill any idea in the world, get a committee working on it.
K.L. Toth|Powerful words come with powerful intent. Where you have passion, strength, courage, and determination you can accomplish anything!
Robert McKee, Story: Substance, Structure, Style, and the Principles of Screenwriting|Boredom is the inner conflict we suffer when we lose desire, when we lack a lacking.
Amit Kalantri|Emotional pain, physical damage, financial weakness are the reasons to stop for a while and not forever.
Priscilla Vogelbacher, Hallowed Be Thy Name: Lucifer, Origins & Revelation|I wanted to call a time out, to demand that everybody just STOP until I could understand everything.
E.L. James, Fifty Shades Freed|He tastes of white wine and apple pie and Christian. I run my fingers through his hair, holding him to me while our tongues explore and curl and twist around each other, my blood heating in my veins.We're breathless when Christian pulls away.
Amit Aarav|Failures are stepping stone of success, but it becomes stepping stone when we accept it with whole heart...
Eugene Delacroix|The test of one's behavior pattern is their relationship to society, relationship to work and relationship to sex.
Sidney Hook, The Quest for Being|ATHEIST is really a thoroughly honest, unambiguous term, it admits of no paltering and no evasion, and the need of the world, now as ever, is for clear-cut issues and unambiguous speech.
Sunday Adelaja|When truth and honesty is successfully intertwined into the business world of a nation, the result is a boost in commerce.
John Ruskin|Every restaurant is a theater, and the truly great ones allow us to indulge in the fantasy that we are rich and powerful. When restaurants hold up their end of the bargain, they give us the illusion of being surrounded by servants intent on ensuring our happiness and offering extraordinary food. But even modest restaurants offer the opportunity to become someone else, at least for a little while. Restaurants free us from mundane reality; that is part of their charm. When you walk through the door, you are entering neutral territory where you are free to be whoever you choose for the duration of the meal.
John Frohnmayer, Leaving Town Alive|Because this law could mean so much or so little, it held potential for causing great mischief in the world of art and politics. We needed to reduce its uncertainty, and the best way to do that, I believed, was to force a court to interpret it, which would either void or narrow the law. To make it as broad a target as possible and to assure that someone would sue us, I reproduced the Helms amendment verbatim in the terms and conditions for grant recipients. It could not be ignored there, and if it was to be declared unconstitutional, it had to appear where the courts could not ignore it either.
Jen Lancaster, Such a Pretty Fat: One Narcissist's Quest to Discover If Her Life Makes Her Ass Look Big, or Why Pie Is Not the Answer|I stuff another handful of Raisinets in my mouth. What gets me is the 'pretty face' bit. 'Cause I won't mind being reminded I'm fat as long as you water it down first. Why not say, Hey I'm going to insult you, but first I will congratulate your fortunate genetics and appropriate appliclation of Bobbi Brown cosmetics to prevent you from hitting me. Sh*t; I kind of prefer being called a 'fat bitch.' At least it doesn't pull any punches.
J. Sheridan Le Fanu, Carmilla|We'll choose knowledge no matter what, we'll maim ourselves in the process, we'll stick our hands into the flames for it if necessary. Curiosity is not our only motive; love or grief or despair or hatred is what drives us on. We'll spy relentlessly on the dead; we'll open their letters, we'll read their journals, we'll go through their trash, hoping for a hint, a final word, an explanation, from those who have deserted us--who've left us holding the bag, which is often a good deal emptier than we'd supposed.
Barbara Kingsolver, Flight Behavior|For scientists, reality is not optional.
Shelly Crane, The Other Side Of Gravity|Fly away home to a better place where everything is better, boys are never lost, and mothers don’t ever leave.
Rick Yancey, The 5th Wave|I thought you were dead,” I say. “It almost killed me.”“Did it?” His voice is neutral. “You made a pretty fast recovery.”“No. You don’t understand.” My throat is tight; I feel as though I’m being strangled. “I couldn’t keep hoping, and then waking up every day and finding out it wasn’t true, and you were still gone. I—I wasn’t strong enough.”He is quiet for a second. It’s too dark to see his expression: He is standing in shadow again, but I can sense that he is staring at me.Finally he says, “When they took me to the Crypts, I thought they were going to kill me. They didn’t even bother. They just left me to die. They threw me in a cell and locked the door.”“Alex.” The strangled feeling has moved from my throat to my chest, and without realizing it, I have begun to cry. I move toward him. I want to run my hands through his hair and kiss his forehead and each of his eyelids and take away the memory of what he has seen. But he steps backward, out of reach.“I didn’t die. I don’t know how. I should have. I’d lost plenty of blood. They were just as surprised as I was. After that it became a kind of game—to see how much I could stand. To see how much they could do to me before I’d—”He breaks off abruptly. I can’t hear any more; don’t want to know, don’t want it to be true, can’t stand to think of what they did to him there. I take another step forward and reach for his chest and shoulders in the dark. This time, he doesn’t push me away. But he doesn’t embrace me either. He stands there, cold, still, like a statue.“Alex.” I repeat his name like a prayer, like a magic spell that will make everything okay again. I run my hands up his chest and to his chin. “I’m so sorry. I’m so, so sorry.”Suddenly he jerks backward, simultaneously finding my wrists and pulling them down to my sides. “There were days I would rather they have killed me.” He doesn’t drop my wrists; he squeezes them tightly, pinning my arms, keeping me immobilized. His voice is low, urgent, and so full of anger it pains me even more than his grip. “There were days I asked for it—prayed for it when I went to sleep. The belief that I would see you again, that I could find you—the hope for it—was the only thing that kept me going.” He releases me and takes another step backward. “So no. I don’t understand.
Diana Gabaldon, Voyager|It wasn't a thing I had consciously missed, but having it now reminded me of the joy of it; that drowsy intimacy in which a man's body is accessible to you as your own, the strange shapes and textures of it like a sudden extension of your own limbs.
Nina Leavins|The Self Care Formula is simple. It is NITO(5R)...that is Nutrients In and Toxins Out in the 5 Realms the body works in (Mental, Emotional, Physical, Environmental and Spiritual). Unfortunately, we are doing TINO(5R) that is toxins in and nutrients out.
Antonio Guadarrama, Cóatl: el misterio de la serpiente|La historia no ha cambiado. Hace mil anos ellos eran los duenos del mundo. Hoy en dia lo siguen siendo. Claro, lo tienen que compartir con los grandes magnates de la tierra, esos que controlan el petroleo, las drogas, la tecnologia y por supuesto la television y la radio. La Iglesia domina los miedos y la promesa de la salvacion; las grandes empresas tambien manipulan los miedos y los paliativos para estos: la satisfaccion de las necesidades basicas - y las no tan basicas que hoy en dia parecen primordiales: carro, casa, belleza y entretenimiento - , una via directa al consimismo. Ambos en busca de lo mismo, la minipulacion del pueblo que los lleva a la gallina de los huevos de oro: el dinero de las masas. No es causalidad que la gente no quiera pensar. La Iglesia se encargo por siglos de esto, evitando la lectura de cualquier cosa que no fuese su religion. Desde Aristoteles, Ovidio, Pitagoras, Platon, Socrates, Antistenes, Heraclito, hasta Voltaire, Huxley, Hesse, Sade, Maquiavelo, Rousseau, Nietzsche, Dumas, entre otros, fueron censurados.
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|God does not live in idols and temples either…of course, idols and temples are some of the ways that remind us of God’s existence. But as you grow up in spirituality, you need to embrace and experience God’s presence through deeds of nature and knowledge of meditation.
Robert E. Dunn, The Red Highway|We stopped looking in the shadows, when we realised that WE were the monsters that we are afraid of. I want to take these monsters, give them a voice and put them back under our beds, in our closets and in the shadows, back where we are most afraid of them.
Ernst Jünger, Eumeswil|... I, as an anarch, renouncing any bond, any limitation of freedom, also reject compulsory education as nonsense. It was one of the greatest well-springs of misfortune in the world.Compulsory schooling is essentially a means of curtailing natural strength and exploiting people. The same is true of military conscription, which developed within the same context. The anarch rejects both of them - just like obligatory vaccination and insurance of all kinds. He has reservations when swearing an oath. He is not a deserter, but a conscientious objector.
Debasish Mridha|It takes courage, strength, and conviction to love someone deeply, persistently, and endlessly.
Kelly Oram, Being Jamie Baker|I kissed Ryan, and it charged him up like a freaking Duracell.
Joe Hill, The Fireman|It's a harrowing experience to see death approaching in haste towards you, what is hell but confronting your own mortality
Sandra Dallas|A story is based on what people think is important, so when we live a story, we are telling people around us what we think is important.
Xenophanes|When it is a question of God's almighty Spirit, never say, 'I can't.'
Richard Puz, The Carolinian|The standard of matrimony is erected by affection and purity, and does not depend upon the height, or bulk, or color, or wealth, or poverty of individuals. Water will seek its level; nature will have free course; and heart will answer to heart.
Deyth Banger|I thought with melancholy how an author spends months writing a book, and maybe puts his heart’s blood into it, and then it lies about unread till the reader has nothing else in the world to do.
Donald Barthelme, Sixty Stories|Of all the places in the world, you ended up in New Orleans?” I asked, unable to keep the sarcasm from my voice.Michael nodded. “Yes,” he agreed, apparently not registering the sarcasm. “Please,” I muttered, pulling a face. “Hurricanes, poverty, homes that are never going to be rebuilt, oil spills... this city has had so much crap thrown at it, and you’re telling me that there are angels here?”Again, Michael nodded. “Yes. Regardless of what has happened or what is happening, this city fights.”Okay, he may have had a point. The citizens of New Orleans were resilient; I’d give him that.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|I could never tell what was going on inside the pretty heads of the girls that Naoko brought along, and they probably couldn't understand me, either.
Denzel Washington, A Hand to Guide Me|Every day, sincerely and without phoniness, Lou demonstrated by his actions how very vital it is - more than anything else - to understand and appreciate the people who work with you....Do your job well, learn your job well, but always remember that the people you work with are your most valuable asset. Embrace them. Honor them. Respect them" (206) "Prescriptions for Success" by John Schuerholz
Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet|Is it that my habit of placing myself in the souls of other people makes me see myself as others see or would see me if they noticed my presence there? It is. And once I've perceived what they would feel about me if they knew me, it is as if they were feeling and expressing it at that very moment. It is a torture to me to live with other people. Then there are those who live inside me. Even when removed from life, I'm forced to live with them. Alone, I am hemmed in by multitudes. I have nowhere to flee to, unless I were to flee myself.
Jonathan Swift, A Tale of a Tub|The Sweat and the Furrow was Silas Weekley being earthly and spade-conscious all over seven hundred pages. The situation, to judge from the first paragraph, had not materially changed since Silas's last book: mother lying-in with her eleventh upstairs, father laid-out after his ninth downstairs, eldest son lying to the Government in the cow-shed, eldest daughter lying with her lover in the the hayloft, everyone else lying low in the barn. The rain dripped from the thatch, and the manure steamed in the midden. Silas never omitted the manure. It was not Silas's fault that its steam provided the only uprising element in the picture. If Silas could have discovered a brand of steam that steamed downwards, Silas would have introduced it.
Aymen Tmar|Don't be afraid to be successful,and keep in your mind that you don't have another choice “be successful or be successful “.
Marie Coulson, Bound Together|He cried that night for all that he had lost, but he would say it taught him a valuable lesson: that holding on to things "will only break your heart.
Jesse Lauriston Livermore|All through time, people have basically acted and reacted the same way in the market as a result of greed, fear, ignorance, and hope. That is why the numerical formations and patternsrecur on a constant basis. Over and over, with slight variations. Because markets are driven by humans and human nature never changes.
Sonallah Ibrahim|They use the pretext of avoiding war, to make you swallow any kind of peace, said Paul. They use the pretext of a revolution to involve us in any kind of war, said Jardinet.
Marianne Williamson|I think I've lived a pretty hard life. What I mean by hard is that... I've been kind of reckless with things. I'm a passionate person. I'm a super passionate person. I think there's definitely been sorrow in my life, good and bad. I think it comes through. I hope it comes through in my writing because to me that's what artistry is.
Miguel Syjuco|...when you hate someone so much, a part of you wants desperately to forgive them. But you can't decide if it's because you really want, or if you just want to stop hating. I still don't know if forgiveness is generous or selfish. Maybe both.
Tom Hodgkinson, The Freedom Manifesto|She, who was bored almost to agony, and who had nothing at all to do, she had not time to think even, seriously, of anything. Time being, after all, only the current of the soul in its flow.
Viktor Tatarczuk|You keep doing that and your camera is likely to explode.”“Are you crazy?” Alfred smirked. “My camera is like me.” “How so?” “It adores you,” Alfred told him.
Sana Krasikov|Only then, as she prepared to cross the avenue, did she again spot the man in the fedora hat. He was at the opposite side of the street from where he’d stood before, but the caramel color of his coat was unmistakable. He was loitering in front of what looked like a Ford V8 parked nose-up on the sidewalk. Florence adjusted her shawl over her shoulders and crossed to the opposite corner of the plaza. When she turned back to look again, he was gone
Rod Duncan, Unseemly Science|Someone who claims to write with emotion recollected in tranquility, is a fool and a liar. To understand is to tremble. To recollect is to re-enter and riven......I admire the authority of being on one's knees in front of an event.
Brian Jacques, Taggerung|All the paths of the Lord are mercy and truth unto such as keep his covenant."] The original Hebrew word that has been translated "paths" means "well-worn roads' or "wheel tracks," such ruts as wagons make when they go down our green roads in wet weather and sink in up to the axles. God's ways are at times like heavy wagon tracks that cut deep into our souls, yet all of them are merciful.
Gangai Victor, The Worship Kenbook|If the Cross is God’s masterpiece of His love, then the Eucharist is the centerpiece of our worship.
Anonymous ., The Angel Affect: The World Wide Mission|Don’t expect good things to come easily, we must work at them. Easy is to think about improving. Difficult is to put these thoughts into action. Easy is to stumble and fall. Difficult is to get back up. Easy is to judge the mistakes of others. Difficult is to recognize your own mistakes. Easy is to receive. Difficult is to give. Easy is to promise something. Difficult is to fulfill that promise. Easy is to say “I love you.” Difficult is to show it every day. Most of the things we need in life are simple, but not easy. But things that are difficult are often the most worthwhile!
Confucius|When I look into the future, it's so bright it burns my eyes.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Have a clear plan or strategy to translate your success philosophy into desired results. Adopt an effective work ethic, with a laser-focus and requisite execution strategies to produce results.
James A. Chu|The comment section of the internet is like gang graffiti, it makes no sense and is ugly to look at.
Phil Volatile, Crushed Black Velvet|Two kinds ofpeople will love you:those who confessit, and those whoshow you, likecards on a table,because love isa gamble
Julian Fellowes, Belgravia|I would fight dragons, I would walk over flaming coals, I would enter the Valley of the Dead, if I thought I might have a chance of your heart.
Carolyn Rodgers|Some Me of BeautyI took a good long look at myself in a full length mirrorSometimes it’s good to look in a full length mirrorAnd what I saw was not some soul sister poetess of the momentBut I saw just a womanJust a woman feelingJust a woman humanAnd what I felt wasWhat I felt was a spiritual revelationAnd what I felt was a root revival of some love coming onComing on strongAnd I knew then, looking in a full length mirror,That many things were overAnd some me of beauty was about to begin
Dan Simmons, Olympos|... The continuation of her life was more than another day of breathing, but was the gift of another day of engagement with her beloved across the spectrum of all things.
Tom Robbins, Jitterbug Perfume|Death is impatient and thoughtless. It barges into your room when you are right in the middle of something, and it doesn't bother to wipe its boots.
Swami Dhyan Giten, The Silent Whisperings of the Heart - An Introduction to Giten's Approach to Life|All my instincts are one way, and all the facts are the other, and I much fear that British juries have not yet attained that pitch of intelligence when they will give the preference to my theories over Lestrade's facts.
Hughes Mearns|As I was sitting in my chair,I knew the bottom wasn't there,Nor legs nor back, but I just sat,Ignoring little things like that.
Patricia Cori, The Emissary|If he came back in and ventured just a step too close to me, I would do it. I had been tempered in a furnace of Stickings’ making, and I had come out stronger.
Cherise Sinclair, My Liege of Dark Haven|We were in the middle of a scene, and this crazy woman comes roaring out of the crowd, screaming, grabs my whip, and damned if she didn’t punch me.” Rubbing his reddened chin, the man’s lips curved a little. “It’s almost funny, but still, she ruined our scene.
Dan Quinn|Up until the 1960s, women would meet designers in their private ateliers, and together they would build a relationship and a wardrobe. Then, all of a sudden, designers disappeared into their own private bubble, and there was no communication.
Deborah Garrison, A Working Girl Can't Win|It was not like everyone had said.Not like being needed,or needing; not desperate;it did not whisperthat I'd come to harm. I didn't losemy head. No, I was notgoing to leap from a greatheight and flapmy wings.It was in factthe opposite of flying:it contained the wishto be toppled, to be on the floor,the ground, anywhere I mightlie down. . . .On my back, and you on me.
Bluenscottish|Awesome ‪‎Leadership‬ is encouraging others to take initiative,challenge what is status quo improve it and feel pride in their commitment~bns~
Jerald Simon, Perceptions, Parables, and Pointers|Be proactive. Passivity is a poison. Avoid it like the plague. Actively participate in life. You are not a bystander standing on the sidelines of life. Get in the game and go for the goal. Choose what you will do with your life. Choose what you will do with your time. What will you do? What will you watch, read, accomplish, and become? Accomplishment is a result of action. Act the part. Don’t pretend or put on a façade. Don’t wait. Don’t pause. Don’t hesitate. Go. Be. Do. Accomplish. Get it done. ACT. ACT NOW!
Charles Maturin, Melmoth the Wanderer: A Tale; Vol. III|There is not, perhaps, a more painful exercise of the mind than that of treading, with weary and impatient pace, the entire round of thought, and arriving at the same conclusion for ever; then setting out again with increased speed and diminished strength, and again returning to the very same spot - of sending all our faculties on a voyage to discover, and seeing them all return empty, and watch the wrecks as they drift helplessly along, and sink before the eye that hailed their outward expedition with joy and confidence.
Iain Pears, An Instance of the Fingerpost|As to Science, she has never sought to ally herself to civil power. She has never attempted to throw odium or inflict social ruin on any human being. She has never subjected anyone to mental torment, physical torture, least of all to death, for the purpose of upholding or promoting her ideas. She presents herself unstained by cruelties and crimes. But in the Vatican—we have only to recall the Inquisition—the hands that are now raised in appeals to the 'Most Merciful' are crimsoned. They have been steeped in blood!
Adam Grant|Online leadership is about leveraging digital platforms such as blogs, YouTube, Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, and other networks to build a loyal following of people who want to learn more about and benefit from your experiences and expertise.
R.L.Stine|Half the urge to write is the premonition that later the thought I am having might disappear so I had better write it down while I still have the inclination, however overshadowed this desire is by indolence.
Leonardo da Vinci|The sacred rights of mankind are not to be rummaged for among old parchments or musty records. They are written, as with a sunbeam, in the whole volume of human nature, by the hand of the divinity itself; and can never be erased or obscured by mortal power.
Tibullus, The Works of Tibullus|Eye of newt, and toe of frog, Wool of bat, and tongue of dog, Adder's fork, and blind-worm's sting, Lizard's leg, and owlet's wing,— For a charm of powerful trouble, Like a hell-broth boil and bubble. Double, double toil and trouble; Fire burn, and caldron bubble.
Christopher Nolan|I am extraordinarily fascinated by the future of technology. We are in the early infancy of technology, and we have an opportunity to guide how technology develops and integrates into our lives. I talk a lot about the 'invisible interface,' or the idea that we can utilize technology without being absorbed into a screen.
Robert Jordan, Lord of Chaos|Often you don't know whether a woman is friend, enemy or lover until it is too late. Sometimes, she is all three.
Olly Murs|I love what I do, but it is hard to have a personal relationship when you're never home.
Katelyn Beaty, A Woman's Place: A Christian Vision for Your Calling in the Office, the Home, and the World|Christian culture has too often offered women a push toward contentment that can numb us to our own desires, without offering the tools to discern whether those desires could be good or Holy-Spirit-inspired.
Michael Dirda|I do think digital media encourages speed-reading, which can be fine if one is simply seeking information. But a serious novel or work of history or volume of poetry is an experience one should savor, take time over.
Lionel Suggs|While I do not believe in imperative goals or ends, I do believe in a returning endgame. When you reach one end, it should be for conception. When you reach the next end, it should be for immortality. One should reach the state of existing and non-existing at the same time. One's goals and endgame should be metaphysical and pataphysical, stepping over the edge of logic and reason. If you are not reaching to step above... then you belong at the bottom.
Frank Herbert, Dune|Paul looked down at the hand that had known pain, and then up to the Reverend Mother. The sound of her voice contained a difference than from any other voicing his experience. The words were outlined in brilliance. There was an edge to them.
Nilantha Ilangamuwa|We as human beings need freedom, and justice, and a true cause to engage in to make life meaningful. This basic and comprehensive dream cannot be allowed to be shattered under any circumstances; if it starts shattering then the resistance will arise. The elimination of torture and other practiced cruelty needs to be effected for there to be freedom and justice. It will guide us in our search for a secure place to enjoy personal liberties.
Ramakrishna|Why, I'd like nothing better than to achieve some bold adventure, worthy of our trip.
George Saunders|Duct tape can't fix stupid," Bas growled. "Maybe not," Red replied, "but it can hold it down and muffled the screams.
John Dickson, Humilitas: A Lost Key to Life, Love, and Leadership|Oh, my friends, that your self be in your deed as the mother is in her child - let that be your word concerning virtue!
Vivienne Westwood|If you have the opportunity to do amazing things in your life, I strongly encourage you to invite someone to join you.
Bob Marley|In high seas or in low seas,I'm gonna be your friend...I'm gonna be your friend.In high tide or in low tide,I'll be by your side...I'll be by your side.
Seth Godin, Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?|Behold, we know not anything;I can but trust that good shall fallAt last -- far off -- at last, to all,And every winter change to spring.
Ikechukwu Joseph, Achievers Handbook 1: (Over 100 Inspirational Keys to fulfill your Destiny)|When he was finally done, Margaret responded, "I am so sorry I hurt you. I never had any intention of hurting you. God loves you, and I love you. He loves this village and He wants to bless you. When you get over being angry, will you remember I'm still your friend?" Perplexed, he turned and walked away. In words that are forever etched on my soul, Margaret said, "Satan doesn't know how to respond to the gentleness of God's Spirit.
Kaitlin Bevis, Persephone|, And you, ye stars,Who slowly begin to marshal,As of old, the fields of heaven,Your distant, melancholy lines!Have you, too, survived yourselves?Are you, too, what I fear to become?You, too, once lived;You, too, moved joyfullyAmong august companions,In an older world, peopled by Gods,In a mightier order,The radiant, rejoicing, intelligent Sons of Heaven.But now, ye kindleYour lonely, cold-shining lights,Unwilling lingerersIn the heavenly wilderness,For a younger, ignoble world;And renew, by necessity,Night after night your courses,In echoing, unneared silence,Above a race you know not—Uncaring and undelighted,Without friend and without home;Weary like us, though notWeary with our weariness.
Nathan Reese Maher|There is a stillness between us, a period of restlessness that ties my stomachin a hangman’s noose. It is this same lack in noise that lives, there! in thedarkness of the grave, how it frightens me beyond all things.
Zane Baker|I've learned a lot this year...I've learned that some people will wrong you, forgive them anyway.I've learned that things might not work out as you thought they should, do them anyway.But what struck me the most isno matter how good or bad things are, life goes on, so live it anyway.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With patient, you will get what you must have.
Cristin Harber, Only for Him|HENDERSON, I LOVE YOUR NAME. I LOVE YOUR NOVEL. I LOVE YOUR FLANNEL SHIRTS, YOUR SMILE. I LOVE BENJAMIN FRANKLIN AND DINOSAURS AND VOLCANOES.
Debasish Mridha|Change is inevitable, so accept it.Forgiveness is a gift, so give it.Love is abundant, so spread it.Failure is not fatal, do don't fear it.Life is for living, so live it.
L.J. Smith, Blood Will Tell|Each of them had done their best. Matt was still his friend. For Meredith, maybe the day would come when she could look at him and not think “inhuman” — or at least not think it immediately and constantly. Maybe Bonnie, the moth, would be able to stay away from the unholy flame. Now, there was something to worry about. He could all too easily see Bonnie taking a walk on the very wild side with Damon. His brother had a soft spot for her already, she knew. But if either of them had a problem, he already knew what he had to do to find a plan for a solution.Just look up.
Onyi Anyado|The prophet engages in futuring fantasy. The prophet does not ask if the vision can be implemented, for questions of implementation are of no consequence until the vision can be imagined. The imagination must come before the implementation. Our culture is competent to implement almost anything and to imagine almost nothing. The same royal consciousness that make it possible to implement anything and everything is the one that shrinks imagination because imagination is a danger. Thus every totalitarian regime is frightened of the artist. It is the vocation of the prophet to keep alive the ministry of imagination, to keep on conjuring and proposing futures alternative to the single one the king wants to urge as the only thinkable one.
Orson Scott Card, Xenocide|Love knows all paths, where even gods and cats are blind.
Samantha Chase, Wildest Dreams|He swallowed hard. "How do you feel?""I feel like I want to close these drapes, turn down the lights and crawl into that bed with you and spend the night making love with you. All night." She blushed furiously. ..."All night, huh?" he asked.She nodded.He gave her a sexy grin and repeated her earlier words back to her. "Deal.
Arthur Schopenhauer|After your death, you will be what you were before your birth.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|Underground, the stars are legend.
Gabriel García Márquez, One Hundred Years of Solitude|Both described at the same time how it was always March there and always Monday, and then they understood that José Arcadio Buendía was not as crazy as the family said, but that he was the only one who had enough lucidity to sense the truth of the fact that time also stumbled and had accidents and could therefore splinter and leave an eternalized fragment in a room.
It's a Wonderful Life|Dear George, remember no man is a failure who has friends.
Bram Stoker, Dracula|What a fine fellow is Quincey! I believe in my heart of hearts that he suffered as much about Lucy’s death as any of us, but he bore himself through it like a moral Viking. If America can go on breeding men like that, she will be a power in the world indeed.
Terry A. O'Neal|My spirit has been around far longer than my soul--I've lived several lifetimes already. And one this novel has been written, I will have lived several more.
Robert Rauschenberg|An organization's reason for being, like that of any organism, is to help the parts that are in relationship to each other, to be able to deal with change in the environment.
Joseph Lewis, An Atheist Manifesto|It was because 'in 1776 our fathers retired the gods from politics.' The basic principle of the American Republic is the freedom of man in society.The Declaration of Independence was the product of Intellectual Emancipation, and that is why, from thenceforth, our date of existence should be recorded, not from the mythical birth of Jesus Christ, but from the day of our Independence! This should be the year one hundred and seventy-eight in our calendar!Despite discouraging signs here and there, the seeds of freedom planted by the American Revolution will take root, and throughout the world, if man will learn to zealously guard his freedom, Peace and Progress will come to all the world.
Shirley Jackson, Colloquy|Mrs. Arnold," the doctor said, coming around the desk, "we're not going to help things any this way.""What is going to help?" Mrs. Arnold said. "Is everyone really crazy but me?""Mrs. Arnold," the doctor said severely, "I want you to get hold of yourself. In a disoriented world like ours today, alienation from reality frequently--""Disoriented," Mrs. Arnold said. She stood up. "Alienation," she said. "Reality." Before the doctor could stop her she walked to the door and opened it. "Reality," she said, and went out.
Ron White|When I was starting out, I thought I would go into comedy and there would be a mentor, like the Philip Seymour Hoffman character in 'Almost Famous,' in my life, and there just wasn't. It was really frustrating for me because I desired that so much.
Terence McKenna|If a man like that is killed, there is always another to take his place. That is not the important thing. But to act so that no man dares to strike you because he knows you speak the truth, to act so that you can no longer be arrested because you are asking for the right to live, to act so that all of this will end, both here and elsewhere; that is what should be in your thoughts. That is what you must explain to others, so that you will never again be forced to bow down before anyone, but also so that no one shall be forced to bow down before you. It was to tell you this that I asked you to come, because hatred must not dwell with you.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|When we are deeply passionate about something, the obstacles or challenges are diminished by sheer will and desire.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|Training, Books, Learning is all expensive. Being stupid though is still much more expensive.
Redd Foxx|When you got a condition, it's bad to forget your medicine.
Richard Savage|Anger is implanted in us as sort of sting, to make us gnash with our teeth against the devil, to make us vehement against him, not to set us in array against each other.
ANIKOR Daniel|I don’t want to write something that you will need one all; I work on what will give continuous inspiration, I work for divine excellence.
Robin Jarvis, The Oaken Throne|I don't want to be the Starwife!" Ysabelle protested. "It isn't fair!"Her mother wavered; even now, it was not too late."You must fulfill your destiny," she said at last. "The Starwifeship is already yours. All that remains is for you to bring the amulet and the Starglass together. Once that is done, the power of the heavens will be yours to command. Use it wisely, for the forces locked within the Silver Acorn may be used for good or ill. On your journey, never be parted from it; always wear it about your neck.
Maggie Nelson, The Argonauts|You’re looking for sexual tidbits as a female child, and the only ones that present themselves depict child rape or other violations (all my favorite books in my preteen years: I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings, Clan of the Cave Bear, The World According to Garp, as well as the few R-rated movies I was allowed to see—Fame, most notably, with its indelible scene of Irene Cara being asked to take her shirt off and suck her thumb by a skeezy photographer who promises to make her a star), then your sexuality will form around that fact. There is no control group. I don’t even want to talk about “female sexuality” until there is a control group. And there never will be.
Scott Allan, Rejection Free: How To Choose Yourself First and Take Charge of Your Life By Asking For What You Want|My words are my thesis, my actions are my dissertation, and my life is my philosophy.
Debasish Mridha|To find the magnificence of life, count your blessings.
Felix Mendelssohn|People usually complain that music is so ambiguous, and what they are supposed to think when they hear it is so unclear, while words are understood by everyone. But for me it is exactly the opposite...what the music I love expresses to me are thoughts not to indefinite for words, but rather too definite.
Mitch Albom, For One More Day|Unless you're a true prodigy, you're going to have to practice for a while being bad before you get any good. And it will seem like a waste of time. I remember that feeling well. But don't worry about wasting time, because it'll be so worth it. It's my experience that in the end, life lessons and guitar lessons begin to blur in all sorts of interesting ways.
Alan Bradley, Speaking from Among the Bones|Maybe that's when bad scripts are written, when you choose the theme first. I consider that I've something to say when I've thought of a person, a moment, a single beat of the heart, that I think is true and interesting, and therefore should be seen.
Hope Solo|I think I've had the longest career of strength, focus, and still being able to sell records. I think I'm that guy. I'm still blessed with the opportunity to make music and pass out a message like, 'Life is good,' to the world.
David Peace, Nineteen Seventy Four|My father used to say, 'If you want to know the artist, look at the art'. He was usually talking about Stanley Matthews or Don Bradman when he said it.
Marlene Van Niekerk, Agaat|...a butterfly is like the soul of a person, it dries out in captivity.
Faisal Nawaz Maitlo|Your feelings may be the strongest,’ replied Anne, ‘but the same spirit of analogy will authorise me to assert that ours are the most tender. Man is more robust than woman, but he is not longer lived; which exactly explains my view of the nature of their attachments. Nay, it would be too hard upon you, if it were otherwise.
Benjamin Franklin|Rather to my surprise, I found myself genuinely indignant at the suggestion that murder was to be reintroduced as a means of political advancement for the first time since the Tudors, and even more indignant that the legal and political establishments in all their forms - which included, at that stage, the police - were going to cover up the whole episode. In the event, it turned out that my anxieties were unfounded, as Thorpe was totally innocent of all charges brought against him.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Eating Animals|What is suffering? I'm not sure what it is, but I know that suffering is the name we give to the origin of all the sighs, screams, and groans — small and large, crude and multifaceted — that concern us. The word defines our gaze even more than what we are looking at.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Enlightenment – whether defined as spiritual awakening, liberation, or other form of illumination and attentiveness – requires inner transformation brokered by study of our limitations and application of a welcoming spirit of conscious appreciation. Self-knowledge commences by looking for the sacred light of awareness essential to spawn profound change in a person’s character.
Dag Hammarskjöld, Markings|When you have reached the point where you no longer expect a response, you will at last be able to give in such a way that the other is able to receive, and be grateful. When Love has matured and, through a dissolution of the self into light, become a radiance, then shall the Lover be liberated from dependence upon the Beloved, and the Beloved also be made perfect by being liberated from the Lover.
Dennis Sharpe, Wednesday|It must be horny douchebag day,” she mumbled under her breath as she slid the bag’s strap up on her shoulder.
Theodor Adorno|When elected officials abandon our environment and ruin our natural resources, public health is endangered. I know the importance of providing a clean environment for our children; I have attended more than one funeral for a child who has died from an asthma attack.
Rachel Caine, Ghost Town|You think I'm deranged! How refreshing. Everyone here takes me so seriously, it's a wonderful change to be thought mentally deficient.
Robin Jones Gunn, Finally and Forever|The key is for you to discover what you love to do, what you were created to do, and then do it for the people around you with love. That is the abundant life, dear girl, no matter where in the world you live.
Edwin Meese|I don't know if my faith stems from what I'd call unconditional love, but the energy certainly feels boundless.
Ginger Sullivan, The Honeymooner's Cookbook|You get all these different cuts of meat cooking at once' he said. 'You've got your sausage, which cooks fast. You've got your big steak, which is your best cut, which takes some time, right? You got to talk to all these girls at once just like you take care of all that meat at once'After he made this analogy, I presented Ajay with a trophy that said 'Most Sexist Food Analogy of All Time: Meat and BBQ division'.
Nithin Purple, Halcyon Wings: 'These Passions Feathers Are Gathering on a Winged Vision'|O' melancholy,hectic chill for human soul,herewith dismal presence,any spirit does descent.
Rebecca Solnit, Men Explain Things to Me|I like incidents of that sort, when forces that are usually so sneaky and hard to point out slither out of the grass and are as obvious as, say, an anaconda that's eaten a cow or an elephant turd on the carpet.
Robin Williams|Depression, suffering and anger are all part of being human.
John Green, Turtles All the Way Down|The thing about a spiral is, if you follow it inward, it never actually ends. It just keeps tightening, infinitely.
Cambria Hebert, Torch|So, Freckles,” he said when I sat down. “Freckles?” I interrupted. “You said I couldn’t call ya, Katie-cat.” I shuddered. “I do have a given name, you know.” “I don’t want to call you what everyone else calls you.” “You don’t?” “Nope.” “Why?” I asked suspiciously. “Because I’m special.” “There goes that ego of yours again.” I held out my arms wide. “Big,” I mouthed.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|And I know, too, that recognizing one's mistakes does not erase them.
Debasish Mridha|Life is magnificent and vivacious, but it is also fugacious.
Thomas Goodwin, What Happens When I Pray|Where God gives opportunity for preaching it is more than likely that he has some people to convert. Usually the Word of God takes root among some, though often in but a few.
Washington Irving, Irving's Sketch Book|He is indeed the true enchanter, whose spell operates, not upon the senses, but upon the imagination and the heart.
Richelle Mead, The Fiery Heart|Are you okay with what we ordered?” Angeline asked him. “You didn’t pipe up with any requests.” Neil shook his head, face stoic. He kept his dark hair in a painfully short and efficient haircut. It was the kind of no-nonsense thing the Alchemists would’ve loved. “I can’t waste time quibbling over trivial things like pepperoni and mushrooms. If you’d gone to my school in Devonshire, you’d understand. For one of my sophomore classes, they left us alone on the moors to fend for ourselves and learn survival skills. Spend three days eating twigs and heather, and you’ll learn not to argue about any food coming your way.” Angeline and Jill cooed as though that was the most rugged, manly thing they’d ever heard. Eddie wore an expression that reflected what I felt, puzzling over whether this guy was as serious as he seemed or just some genius with swoon-worthy lines.
Vladimir Nabokov, The Real Life of Sebastian Knight|monotony kills the heart. Ironically, monotony is what keeps the heart working.
Katie MacAlister, A Midsummer Night's Romp|I may be clean cut on the outside, but make no mistake." He moved even closer, close enough to see her pulse jump at the base of her neck. "I like to get very, very dirty when nobody's looking.
Rebecca MacKinnon|In 1952, I had gone to England on a literary pilgrimage, but what I also saw, even at that distance from the blitz, were bombed-out ruins and an enervated society, while the continent was still, psychologically, in the grip of its recent atrocities.
The Writing Life|The process of putting the thing you value most in the world out for the assessment of strangers is a confidence-shaking business even in the best of times. But in Lucy's circumstances it was sheer heroism, a real sign of her devotion to her art. She was, in a sense, sitting at a craps table with her last stack of chips, trying again and again to hit it big.
Jettie Necole, Ruby|The party was at its peak and everyone was taking full advantage of the moment. Each lady had her eye on a certain marked beau. Elegant women conversed with eligible men, handsome and well bred. Ruby felt sorry for the under-endowed ladies and plain girls, who stood together in a small group with their mothers. Passing by the conniving little circle, she heard too clearly the strategies they had concocted. They were like vultures hunting for rotten meat. Mothers sent out their girls to meet the wealthiest and nearly deceased men of the ton.
Laura Morrigan, Horse of a Different Killer|This is your first marathon. Possibly, you’ll want it to be your last. Focus on future races draws energy from the one in front of you. Like the mileage that comprises them, train for marathons one at a time.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|There is immense power in an idea, because it unites people. It motivates them toward change. But the real power lies in their unity, in coming together – if enough can be rallied to a cause, no matter how ridiculous, it will be seen and heard.
Truman Capote, Breakfast at Tiffany's|Never love a wild thing, Mr. Bell,' Holly advised him. 'That was Doc's mistake. He was always lugging home wild things. A hawk with a hurt wing. One time it was a full-grown bobcat with a broken leg. But you can't give your heart to a wild thing: the more you do, the stronger they get. Until they're strong enough to run into the woods. Or fly into a tree. Then a taller tree. Then the sky. That's how you'll end up, Mr. Bell. If you let yourself love a wild thing. You'll end up looking at the sky.""She's drunk," Joe Bell informed me. "Moderately," Holly confessed....Holly lifted her martini. "Let's wish the Doc luck, too," she said, touching her glass against mine. "Good luck: and believe me, dearest Doc -- it's better to look at the sky than live there. Such an empty place; so vague. Just a country where the thunder goes and things disappear.
Elinor Lipman, The Inn at Lake Devine|That's how it was on Irving Circle and how I was raised: You made the best out of what was within reach, which meant friendships engineered by parents and by the happenstance of housing. I stayed with it because we both had queenly older sisters who rarely condescended to play with us, because Shelley was adopted and I was not, because Shelley had Clue and Life, and I did not
Oliver Markus, Why Men And Women Can't Be Friends|Only about 3 percent of animal species are monogamous. A couple of penguins, some otters and a few other oddball critters. To these select few it comes natural to mate for life and never look at another member of the opposite sex. Humans are not part of that little club. Like the other 97% of species, humans are not monogamous by nature. We just pretend that we are.
Gavin Newsom|We have the power to make things new again. To project American strength again, to get our economy going again.
Emmanuel Macron|Modesty means admitting the possibility of error, subsuming the self for the good of the whole, remaining open to surprise and the gifts that only failure can bring. There are many ways to practice it. Try taking up golf. Or making your own bagels. Or raising a teenager.
Matshona Dhliwayo|It is incredible how many hurts can be healed by the two words, 'I'm sorry.
R.A.Delmonico|If the universe is made of information then, we are moving from a state of profound truth to a state of meaningless gibberish.
Daniel Amory, Minor Snobs|There have been times I have thought some dreams should never be dreamt, but I would hate a world where that was true.
Terry Spear, Jaguar Pride|He chuckled. "Come here."	She hesitated.	"We don't have to do anything. Just ... sleep."	She let out her breath on a heavy sign. "You don't want to just sleep." Then she moved in next to him, and he wrapped his arms around her. "Do you?"	"Hell no." He leaned down for a kiss.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Every time you think of me, say a prayer for me.
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|One must find the source within one's own Self, one must possess it. Everything else was seeking -- a detour, an error.
Mary Jane Hathaway, Persuasion, Captain Wentworth and Cracklin' Cornbread|It's not that racism doesn't exist. Lots of people in New York, and elsewhere, hate because of color and gender, religion and national origin. It's just that I rarely worry about those things because there's a real world underneath all that nonsense; a world that demands my attention almost every second of the day. Racism is a luxury in a world where resources are scarce, where economic competition is an armed sport, in a world where even the atmosphere is plotting against you. In an arena like that racism is more of a halftime entertainment, a favorite sitcom when the day is done.
L.J. Smith|I stared. "Canadian Satanists? You're sending me to a group of Canadian Satanists?
Amy Jo Cousins, The Girl Next Door|You're the optimist all the way through, pretending to be a pessimist on the inside, because you can act like it hurts less if you say you knew all along it was going to go down like that.
Tracy Kidder, Good Prose: The Art of Nonfiction|We're human. We all occasionally wet ourselves. No one is really better than anyone else. We're just all trying to make it through the year as best we can. We screw up sometimes. We succeed sometimes. We laugh. We cry. We go on. Those are the things we should really share with each other this holiday season, right, if we dare send a letter? We should share the truth. We should share the insanity.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you are waiting for the perfect spouse, you are waiting for the perfect disappointment.
Randall Munroe|Out on the ragged edge of space, there was no time for theories.
Dave Matthes, Strange Rainfall on the Rooftops of People Watchers: Poems and Stories|The notion of children being "kindergarten ready" is a bizarre oxymoron. It's like saying you have to know how to play the piano before you can learn how to play the piano.
Donna Lynn Hope|It's not your enemies who condemn you to solitude, it's your friends
Marcel Theroux|The masks. that men have as faces, the outward shells they hold up for others to see while their minds shift in hidden directions. Discard 2
Olly Murs|I have learned to smile when I wasn't happy, to sing when I didn't feel like it, and to do things just to please my fans.
Niall Williams, Only Say the Word|It is what writers do, imagine and feel the pain of others, sometimes at the expense of feeling their own. Here, then, in these pages is mine, the fear of death, of loss, of unexpressed love. Here is the truth told in a story. And in the telling of it perhaps I have found some way to have courage, to believe.
David Wroblewski, The Story of Edgar Sawtelle|It was one thing to live in a world where death stood a distant figure, quite another to hold it in your hands.
Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra|The reason for the unreason with which you treat my reason , so weakens my reason that with reason I complain of your beauty.
Dr. Wayne W Dyer|When given the choice between being right or being kind, choose kind.
Arthur Schopenhauer|You hear a lot about God these days: God, the beneficent; God, the all-great; God, the Almighty; God, the most powerful; God, the giver of life; God, the creator of death. I mean, we're hearing about God all the time, so we better learn how to deal with it. But if we know anything about God, God is arbitrary.
Peter Matthiessen, The Snow Leopard|By grounding yourself in mindfulness early in the morning, you are reminding yourself that things are always changing, that good and bad things come and go, and that it is possible to embody a perspective of of constancy, wisdom, and inner peace as you face any conditions that present themselves.
Deborah Brodie, The Path That Gets Brighter: A Devotional to Instruct, Illustrate, and Encourage Kingdom Principles|What the edge of Truth cuts, the edge of Grace mends.
Martin Scorsese|I find that the best way to do things is to constantly move forward and to never doubt anything and keep moving forward, if you make a mistake say you made a mistake.
Søren Kierkegaard|A 'no' does not hide anything, but a 'yes' very easily becomes a deception.
Mark Haddon, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time|Too often, we pour the energy needed for recognizing and exploring difference into pretending those differences are insurmountable barriers, or that they do not exist at all.
Mercy Cortez, Never Ever After|How do you tell the difference between carelessness and passion?" Claire asked as they paced back along the edge of the marsh. "Is there one? I meane, really, is there any way to love a person without the hell beat out of you for it?
Jeremy Irons|My mother, I suppose, is still a main figure in my life because her life was so sad and unfair, and she so brave, but also because she was determined to make me into the Sunday-school-recitation little girl I was, from the age of seven or so, fighting not to be.
Michael D. O'Brien, The Father's Tale|Yet he saw that in all places there was originality, resulting from the human efforts at decoration and ingenious methods of survival.
Debasish Mridha|Focus on beauty, not on feardance with stress to let it clear
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|How bittersweet is it to realize that we are the creators of our realities and that we have allowed others to do the creating for us for so many years? So much time wasted…so much guilt, regret and bitterness. It can be easier to numb that pain than face it. Yet once we face our pain and take responsibility, we gain the freedom to move forward and unleash our Divine Potential. We also gain the freedom to move forward and respond to life with Divinity; thus, we alter the very fabric of the collective realities experienced on our planet.
Thomas More, Utopia|We are both preachers. He preached the teaching of Jesus Christ, and I preached my philosophy.He asked me: “Do you pray?”“No.”“Do you beseech God to forgive your trespasses?”“No.”“Do you not thank God for his bounty?”“No.”“Do you not depend on God's support?”“No.”And with this his puzzlement increased until he was assured that my fate lies in hell indeed.
Sri Jibankrishna or Diamond|The mind has got various phases . But all these phases merge and are transformed into one “Atma”—God with forms and attributes, and finally God without forms and attributes.
Geoffrey Wood|They think that if they were allowed to do anything they desired, they would be satisfied and the more desires the better. But all desires divorced from The Desire eventually collapse in on themselves.
Marilynne Robinson, Home|I tried to teach them [his sons] that about the importance of self-discipline, and that the culture of yes is built on a foundation of no.
Mayur Ramgir|You only reveal your game plan when you know you're winning, or losing.
Shannon L. Alder|I call the right axe Sorrow," she said. "You know what I call the left one?" "Happiness?" "Sorrow. I can't tell them apart.
Vitali Zverev|It felt like one of those movies where a bunch of misfits, each gifted in his own way - one in explosives, another in disguise, another in forgery or karate- are thrown together to achieve a dangerous mission.
Debasish Mridha|You do not need to solve problems, you just need to outgrow them.
Timothy Hallinan, The Fear Artist|For the developing world, the past half-century has been a time of recurring hope and frequent disappointment. Great waves of change have washed over the landscape, from the crumbling of colonial hegemonies in mid-century to the recent collapse of Communist empires. But too often, what rushed in to replace the old order were empty hopes-not only in the false allure of state socialism, non-alignment and single-party rule, but also the false glories of romantic nationalism and narrow tribalism, and the false dawn of runaway individualism.
R.D. Laing|Rule 1: When all else fails, follow instructions. And Rule 2: Don't be an asshole.
Jodi Picoult, Handle with Care|I don't know whether you can look at your past and find, woven like the hidden symbols on a treasure map, the path that will point to your final destination.
R.A. Salvatore, Siege of Darkness|For your every tear, know that I'll always be here. To bare one pain we both will share, know I'll never disappear.
Thich Nhat Hanh, The Heart of the Buddha's Teaching: Transforming Suffering into Peace, Joy, and Liberation|There is no need to put anything in front of us and run after it. We already have everything we are looking for, everything we want to become. Be yourself. Life is precious as it is. All the elements for your happiness are already here. There is no need to run, strive, search, or struggle. Just be. Just being in the moment in this place is the deepest practice of meditation. Most people cannot believe that just walking as though you have nowhere to go is enough. They think that striving and competing are normal and necessary. Try practicing aimlessness for just five minutes,and you will see how happy you are during those five minutes.
Katie Crouch and Grady Hendrix, The White Glove War|I'm named after my great grand-mother...while you've never heard of her, in my mind she's practically a celebrity.
Vincent de Paul, TWISTED TIMES: Son of Man|When I started off, I believed that the true determinant of how great I was was through my lifestyle, wardrobe, the type of car I drove, being seen with the right people; and if I made it unscathed, the estates I would own, and how the media would be singing my name like Urbanas’s. I saw my father apologizing for not supporting me. But life is a twisty bastard. When I called it quits on robbery, drugs, hedonism, and paedophilia and most probably necromancy—the ‘scarletest’ of sins according to me—I made a vow never to live a profane life again, not even the most subtle of snares would entrap me. I had seen them all, even in their disguises, and I knew them when I saw them.
Imogen Howson, Linked|He moved now, A tiny jerk of movement, and Elissa saw what she hadn't grasped before. that his fingers showed white and bloodless against he dark blue of his jacket, that his face was so tense that skin seemed to stretch taut over the bones beneath. Then he spoke, and she realized he wasn't calm. He was violently angry."WHY, Captain?" he said, so much suppressed anger in his voice that it felt as if it would shatter something. "I would have the the real question was WHY NOT?
Deborah Blake, Wickedly Magical|Something tells me this isn't going to end well for everyone involved. Someone may get turned into a frog yet." And that was the good news.
Shaun Tan, Tales from Outer Suburbia|Have you ever wondered What happens to all the poems people write?The poems they neverlet anyone else read?Perhaps they are Too private and personalPerhaps they are just not good enough.Perhaps the prospect of such a heartfeltexpression being seen as clumsyshallow sillypretentious saccharineunoriginal sentimentaltrite boringoverwrought obscure stupidpointless or simply embarrassingis enough to give any aspiringpoet good reason to hide their work frompublic view.forever.Naturally many poems are IMMEDIATELY DESTROYED.Burnt shredded flushed awayOccasionally they are folded Into little squaresAnd wedged under the corner of An unstable piece of furniture(So actually quite useful)Others are hidden behind a loose brickor drainpipe or sealed into the back of an old alarm clockor put between the pages of AN OBSCURE BOOKthat is unlikely to ever be opened.someone might find them one day, BUT PROBABLY NOTThe truth is that unread poetry Will almost always be just that. DOOMED to join a vast invisible river of waste that flows out of suburbia.wellAlmost always.On rare occasions,Some especially insistentpieces of writing will escapeinto a backyard or a lanewaybe blown along a roadside embankmentand finally cometo rest in a shopping centerparking lotas so many things doIt is here that something quite Remarkabletakes placetwo or more pieces of poetry drift toward each otherthrough a strange force of attractionunknown to scienceand ever so slowlycling togetherto form a tiny, shapeless ball.Left undisturbed,this ball graduallybecomes larger and rounder as otherfree versesconfessions secrets stray musings wishes and unsentlove lettersattach themselvesone by one.Such a ball creeps through the streetsLike a tumbleweed for months even yearsIf it comes out only at night it has a goodChance of surviving traffic and childrenand through a slow rolling motionAVOIDS SNAILS(its number one predator)At a certain size, it instinctivelyshelters from bad weather, unnoticedbut otherwise roams the streetssearching for scraps of forgottenthought and feeling.Given time and luckthe poetry ball becomes large HUGE ENORMOUS:A vast accumulation of papery bitsThat ultimately take to the air, levitating byThe sheer force of so much unspoken emotion.It floats gentlyabove suburban rooftops when everybody is asleepinspiring lonely dogsto bark in the middle of the night.Sadlya big ball of papernot matter how large and buoyant, is still a fragile thing.Sooner or LATERit will be surprised bya suddengust of windBeaten by driving rainand REDUCEDin a matter of minutesto a billionsoggy shreds.One morningeveryone will wake upto find a pulpy messcovering front lawnsclogging up guttersand plastering carwindscreens.Traffic will be delayedchildren delightedadults baffledunable to figure outwhere it all came fromStranger stillWill be the Discovery that Every lump of Wet paperContains variousfaded words pressed into accidentalverse.Barely visiblebut undeniably presentTo each reader they will whisper something different something joyfulsomething sadtruthful absurdhilarious profound and perfectNo one will be able to explain the Strange feeling of weightlessnessor the private smilethat remainsLong after the street sweepers have come and gone.
David Morrell, The Fraternity Of The Stone|Anne’s is a world very like this one, and you can move about in it with familiarity - but not freedom: it is a place of rigorous consequence, where the weak have to give way to the strong, where her governess heroine Agnes must walk as best she can in the cold shade of money and masculinity.
Annette Vaillancourt, How to Manifest Your Soulmate with Eft: Relationship as a Spiritual Path|Once you truly surrender, you won’t feel like you are waiting anymore. You won’t know how quickly or where your SoulMate will show up. Prepare to be surprised!
David Cromwell, Why Are We the Good Guys?: Reclaiming Your Mind from the Delusions of Propaganda|It felt like all the truth got whitewashed with fake happiness," she said, "only it was not happy and it was worse than fake. It was dangerous
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|If-Then" is a structured logic of humans' thought,who have memories and imagination in their mind. If both don't exist, Then this quote has never even been written.
Barbara Smith|A woman of faith is blessed by faithful men in her life who hold the priesthood of God and honor this privilege: her father, bishop, husband, brothers, sons. They value her and the divine gifts given by God to His daughter. They sustain and encourage, and they understand the great mission of her life as a woman. They love her; they bless her.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Divine power transforms us, to be the better person, we ought to be.
San Juan de la Cruz, Dark Night of the Soul|When you are convinced that what you offer is yours, whether it be mediocre or of standard quality, your originality will make people love you in a way you did not expect.
Pete Townshend, Who I Am|You tell me the dead are coming through a crack in my barn, but I shouldn’t worry?
Stephenie Meyer, Midnight Sun|I was starting to hate my sixteenth birthday. A poufy white dress and a cake with roses made out of pink icing and awkward dancing with boys in awkward suits was starting to sound like a great alternative. Seriously. Sign my up, I wouldn't even complain.
Shannon L. Alder|But I'll tell you a secret. You know what boys like? A woman who's happy with herself. Who's not making herself miserable with the Jane Fonda videotapes and complaining all the time about whether this part or that one's too big. And you know what else they like? She leaned in close, whispering into her granddaughter's ear. Good food.
Nancy N. Rue, False Friends and True Strangers|We both just stood there. I let the breeze brush against my skin, the sun release the tension in my muscles. It was as close as I had felt to God in a long time. "It's like we're praying," Celeste whispered. "Only we're not saying anything.
Tess Gerritsen|The first music I was ever exposed to was Irish folk music, like the Clancy Brothers. My father plays that and Christmas songs.
Josh Stern, And That’s Why I’m Single|Seriously, that woman is so much crazy crammed into a small space that she's practically a crazy singularity.
Michael Ben Zehabe, A Commentary on Jonah|The book of Jonah is one of the shortest books in the Bible. Yet, something beneath the surface whispers to us, hinting that there is much more beneath this little book. (page iii)
Banana Yoshimoto, The Lake|But I have my life, I’m living it. It’s twisted, exhausting, uncertain, and full of guilt, but nonetheless, there’s something there.
Jay Woodman|It was easy to conjure him up this morning, when everything was quiet and still. A little, ginger-bearded man; she had been taller than him by half a head. She had never felt the slightest physical attraction towards him. 'What was love, after all?' thought Parminder, as a gentle breeze ruffled the tall hedge of leyland cypresses that enclosed the Jawandas’ bigback lawn. Was it love when somebody filled a space in your life that yawned inside you, once they had gone?'I did love laughing', thought Parminder. 'I really miss laughing.'And it was the memory of laughter that, at last, made the tears flow from her eyes. They trickled down her nose and into her coffee, where they made little bulletholes, swiftly erased. She was crying because she never seemed to laugh anymore (...).
Laurence Sterne, A Sentimental Journey|It had ever, as I told the reader, been one of the singular blessings of my life, to be almost every hour of it miserably in love with some one....
Nyrae Dawn, Façade|Shall I make you a cup of tea? He asked. It was the classic response to crisis practiced throughout these islands—in England, Scotland, and elsewhere. Emotional turmoil, danger, even disaster could be faced with far greater equanimity if the kettle was switched on. War has been declared! There’s been a major earthquake! The stock market has collapsed! Oh really? Let me put the kettle on….
M Robinson|Má leaves me but I'm not alone, and a terrifying thought creeps into my head. Family is now something I have created and not just something I was born into.
Jesse Jackson|Leadership means forming a team and working toward common objectives that are tied to time, metrics, and resources.
Mensah Oteh|Wisdom isn’t expensive, but ignorance is.
Joanna Franklin Bell, Take a Load Off, Mona Jamborski|What could be more exciting than an October day? It's your birthday, Fourth of July and Christmas all rolled into one.
Bahá'u'lláh, Epistle to the Son of the Wolf|I have fought the good fight, I have finished the course, I have kept the faith
Martin Luther|The custom of speaking to God Almighty as freely as with a slave - caring nothing whether the words are suitable or not, but simply saying the first thing that comes to mind from being learnt by rote by frequent repetition - cannot be called prayer: God grant that no Christian may address Him in this manner.
Pradeepa Pandiyan|I did not reach thee,	But my feet slip nearer every day;	Three Rivers and a Hill to cross,	One Desert and a Sea—	I shall not count the journey one	 When I am telling thee.	Two deserts—but the year is cold	So that will help the sand—	One desert crossed, the second one	Will feel as cool as land.	 Sahara is too little price	To pay for thy Right hand!	The sea comes last. Step merry, feet!	So short have we to go	To play together we are prone,	 But we must labor now,	The last shall be the lightest load	That we have had to draw.	The Sun goes crooked—that is night—	Before he makes the bend	 We must have passed the middle sea,	Almost we wish the end	Were further off—too great it seems	So near the Whole to stand.	We step like plush, we stand like snow—	 The waters murmur now,	Three rivers and the hill are passed,	Two deserts and the sea!	Now Death usurps my premium	And gets the look at Thee.
D'Arcy Wentworth Thompson, On Growth and Form|I only know that when I study mathematics, I transport myself to another world, a world of exquisite beauty and truth. And in that world I am the person I like to be.
Christine Stovell, Move Over Darling|He’s been a bit grumpy since Potato Day.’She heard Gethin choke back a laugh.‘He set up an all-day workshop on all things potato after reading up about successful winter events at other nurseries,’ she went on, unable to hide her own amusement. ‘It was a terrible failure. Hardly anyone turned up apart from our poet, Wilfie, who wrote a Potat-Ode to celebrate the occasion.
William Saroyan|He was a young man of savage & unexpected originality, a diseased genius & quite frankly, a mad genius. Imbeciles grow insane & in their insanity the imbecility remains stagnant or agitated; in the madness of a man of genius some genius often remains: the form & not the quality of intelligence has been affected; the fruit has been bruised in the fall, but has preserved all its perfume & all the savor of its pulp, hardly too ripe.
Kate McGahan, Jack McAfghan: Return from Rainbow Bridge|Wars have been waged over millions of square miles, significantly larger than the British Empire at its peak. Historically, Islamic conquests stretched from southern France to the Philippines, from Austria to Nigeria, and from central Asia to New Guinea. The Muslim goal was to have a central government, first at Damascus, and then at Baghdad, later at Cairo, Istanbul, and other imperial centres. The local governors, judges, and other rulers were appointed by the central imperial authorities for far off colonies. Islamic law was introduced as the senior law, whether or not wanted by the local people. Arabic was introduced as the rulers’ language, while the local languages frequently disappeared. Then, two classes of residents were established. The native residents paid a tax that their rulers did not have to pay. In each case, these laws allowed the local conquered people less freedom than was given to Muslims.
Nora Roberts, The Villa|Take a few minutes.""No. He's already had more of my time than he was entitled to."Yes, he thought as she walked out of his office. Very much like her grandmother.
Emma Clayton, The Roar|Helen's books were her friends, "the kind you invite for dinner in the middle of winter," she'd told him, " and spend all night talking and never go to bed.
John Barton|There is one type of ideal woman very seldom described in poetry - the old maid, the woman whom sorrow or misfortune prevents from fulfilling her natural destiny.
Catherynne M. Valente, Six-Gun Snow White|Favourable Chance, I fancy, is the god of all men who follow their own devices instead of obeying a law they believe in. Let even a polished man of these days get into a position he is ashamed to avow, and his mind will be bent on all the possible issues that may deliver him from the calculable results of that position. Let him live outside his income, or shirk the resolute honest work that brings wages, and he will presently find himself dreaming of a possible benefactor, a possible simpleton who may be cajoled into using his interest, a possible state of mind in some possible person not yet forthcoming. Let him neglect the responsibilities of his office, and he will inevitably anchor himself on the chance that the thing left undone may turn out not to be of the supposed importance. Let him betray his friend's confidence, and he will adore that same cunning complexity called Chance, which gives him the hope that his friend will never know. Let him forsake a decent craft that he may pursue the gentilities of a profession to which nature never called him, and his religion will infallibly be the worship of blessed Chance, which he will believe in as the mighty creator of success. The evil principle deprecated in that religion is the orderly sequence by which the seed brings forth a crop after its kind.
Henry A. Wallace|Our relations with the Indians have been governed chiefly by treaties and trade, or war and subjugation.
Swami Vivekananda|Making money is a hobby that will complement any other hobbies you have, beautifully.
Christina Daley, Seranfyll|If that phone ain't ringing, I assume it still ain't you" Randy Travis
Zhuangzi, The Complete Works of Chuang Tzu|In the midst of darkness, he alone sees the dawn; in the midst of the soundless, he alone hears harmony.
Dale Evans Rogers|Are you willing to stoop down and consider the needs and desires of little children; to remember the weaknesses and lonliness of people who are growing old; to stop asking how much your friends love you, and to ask yourself if you love them enough; to bear in mind the things that other people have to bear on their hearts; to trim your lamp so that it will give more light and less smoke, and to carry it in front so that your shadow will fall behind you; to make a grave for your ugly thougts and a garden for your kindly feelings, with the gate open? Are you willing to do these things for a day? Then you are ready to keep Christmas!
Thomm Quackenbush, Danse Macabre (Night's Dream, #2)|Shit, this woman's scary. I'm glad my manager's the short one with the wispy hair and the shaking hands. Milo knows how to get stuff done, but he's about as terrifying as a goldfish.
Nate Silver|Those whose eyes twenty-five and more years before had seen "the glory of the coming of the Lord," saw in every present hindrance or help a dark fatalism bound to bring all things right in His own good time. The mass of those to whom slavery was a dim recollection of childhood found the world a puzzling thing: it asked little of them, and they answered with little, and yet it ridiculed their offering. Such a paradox they could not understand, and therefore sank into listless indifference, or shiftlessness, or reckless bravado. There were, however, some—such as Josie, Jim, and Ben—to whom War, Hell, and Slavery were but childhood tales, whose young appetites had been whetted to an edge by school and story and half-awakened thought. Ill could they be content, born without and beyond the World. And their weak wings beat against their barriers,—barriers of caste, of youth, of life; at last, in dangerous moments, against everything that opposed even a whim.
Amiri Baraka, Transbluesency: Selected Poems, 1961-1995|Never make the mistake of believing forberance equates to acceptance, or that all positions are equally valid.
Jane Smiley|There were no toys under the bed--that wasn't why he liked it. Why he liked it was that there wasn't anything under the bed--no chickens, no Joey, no Eloise, no sheep, no "no"s. He could lie under the bed and not be told anything at all.
Swami Dhyan Giten|Intuition is the language of silence, the Existential language. The word "in-tuition" means to listen within yourself. Intuition is the silent voice within, which is already in contact with the Existence. Intuition is the voice of God. The more you come in contact with the inner silence, the inner emptiness, the more you have access to your intuition. Silence is the nourishment for intuition. If something increases your love, joy and silence, it is the criterion that it is the right path for you. If something decreases your love, joy and silence, it is a sign that you are on the wrong path. Do not compare yourself with others when it comes to take a decision about what you should do, follow the love, joy and silence of your heart and inner being. When you are in contact with your inner silence, you just know what you should do - you do not have to think about it, and you do not need not compare the pros and cons - you just know. You can listen to the advice of others, but always listen to your intuition, to your inner teacher and guide in life, when you take the final decision. The intuition, the language of silence, will always lead your right.
Daniel Allen Butler, Unsinkable: The Full Story Of The RMS Titanic|Although he didn't care much about any subject for its own sake, he cared a great deal about marks (grades or comparisons).
George Eliot, The Gentlewomen of Evil: An Anthology of Rare Supernatural Stories from the Pens of Victorian Ladies|He pried Clara's arms loose and stood up, smoothing his wrinkled coat. Clara looked straight into his face. Her eyelids were red, but her gaze was like a lance. Dr. Wintermute had a sudden, uncomfortable conviction that she had seen into his soul. It was a look he was to remember often in the weeks to come.
Tinie Tempah|I'm not a good father and they're not children any more; the eldest is in his fifties. My relationship with their mothers broke down and, because of what the law was, they went with their mothers and were imbued with their mothers' morality in life and they were not my people any more.
Ravi Zacharias, Jesus Among Other Gods: The Absolute Claims of the Christian Message|Our intellect is not intended to be an end in itself, but only a means to the very mind of God.
Deborah Blake, Dangerously Charming|In the middle of the night, she'd woken up with a memory of her grandmother's voice ringing in her ears. "When it happens," the older woman had said, holding on to Jenna's hand with surprising strength for someone with one foot in the grave, "and it will, don't stay in the cities. She can find you in the city. Too many eyes and whispering tongues that no one can see. Run to the woods, far away from everything and everyone you ever knew. Run, girl, run as far and as fast as you can.
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|Me and my insatiable curiosity. If there's any justice in the world, I was a very good cat in a past life.
aMessageOfLove|There is no glory in making yourself small, build yourself up. Believe in your abilities and worth, show the world who you are, love yourself fully, take action on your dreams, no more hiding away and being apologetic. What you believe you are you will become. Know you're destined for success. ( Instagram: #aMessageOfLove )
Bob Dylan, Chronicles, Vol. 1|Even if you don't have all the things you want, be grateful for the things you don't have that you don't want (Bob Dylan's dad)
Alison Bechdel, Fun Home: A Family Tragicomic|There were always people who struggled their way to the top of the heap, no matter how much that heap looked like garbage when seen from the outside.
Asaad Almohammad, An Ishmael of Syria|In light of my distanced telescopic exposure to the mayhem, I refused to plagiarise others’ personal tragedies as my own. There is an authorship in misery that costs more than empathy. Often I’d found myself dumbstruck in failed attempts to simulate that particular unfamiliar dolour. After all, no one takes pleasure in being possessed by a wailing father collecting the decapitated head of his innocent six year old. Even on the hinge of a willing attempt at full empathy with those cursed with such catastrophes, one had to have a superhuman emotional powers. I could not, in any way, claim the ability to relate to those who have been forced to swallow the never-ending bitter and poisonous pills of our inherited misfortune. Yet that excruciating pain in my chest seemed to elicit a state of agony in me, even from far behind the telescope. It could have been my tribal gene amplified by the ripple effect of the falling, moving in me what was left of my humanity.
J.K. Rowling|I like the idea of Warrior Flitwick running to save the day by screaming, "Let's do some charm harm, my snitches!
Geoffrey Wood|As a rule, Americans are big on that word “choice” and some souls can be captured simply by dangling before the creature a continual, lifelong supply of things from which to choose.
Adrienne Rich, On Lies, Secrets, and Silence: Selected Prose, 1966-1978|Sexist grammar burns into the brains of little girls and young women a message that the male is the norm, the standard, the central figure beside which we are all deviants, the marginal, the dependent variables. It lays the foundation for androcentric thinking, and leaves men safe in their solipsistic tunnel-vision.
Tatjana Soli, The Lotus Eaters|Why did someone fall in love with you because you were one thing, and then want you to be something else?
M. John Harrison, Things That Never Happen|Egnaro is a secret known to everyone but yourself.It is a country or a city to which you have never been; it is an unknown language. At the same time it is like being cuckolded, or plotted against. It is part of the universe of events which will never wholly reveal itself to you: a conspiracy the barest outline of which, once visible, will gall you forever.
M.F. Moonzajer|Each day is a new chance to improve your life, and that of your family, friends and colleagues. Be positive in your outlook, honest in your dealing and determined in your efforts. You will succeed
Amit Kalantri|Your right actions might hurt someone, so if required apologize for your right actions, but don't stop taking right actions.
Real Friends|I knew I’d be troubled, but who knew awhile meant forever?
|The idea of not being content with any level of success, doesn't by any means call for the absence of gratitude for your daily blessings.
Kris Owens-Norris, Night Classes|Images change everything, so think in images... This images one moment becom action!
Ashley Jade, Blame It on the Shame|You're my missing puzzle piece," she whispers as we continue dancing."Your puzzle piece?" I question. "I'm not broken...but before you; I was never whole, either," she clarifies. "You're the missing piece that made me whole. And now, you're the piece that keeps me from breaking.
Arthur C. Brooks|If it is a crime to love the South, its cause and its President, then I am a criminal. I would rather lie down in this prison and die than leave it owing allegiance to a government such as yours.
Helen Salter, Does Snogging Count as Exercise?|Having friends was really important, wasn't it? Even if sometimes they did stuff which upset you?
|Problems are meant to be solved, but unfortunately, a lot of people choose to complain, worry, and cry about them.
Marcel Proust, Time Regained|If you achieve good results using a poor method, isn't that a much greater achievement than starting from better methods. - Rider
Tao Lin, Bed|I'm not a film star, I am an actress. Being a film star is such a false life, lived for fake values and for publicity.
Laura     Miller, By Way of Accident|Words are great, but even I can admit they have certain short-comings. No word can ever give justice to a smile from a man who never smiled or to an old woman who gives up her seat on the bus to a soldier who lost his leg. And I’m still convinced there’s no word out there for the feeling you get the first time you ever hit home plate or bury your first dog or muster up enough courage to tell a girl you love her.
Sarah Nicolas, Dragons Are People, Too|She sounded like she really meant it, and I wondered if I actually was standing here on the sidewalk with her, and not still asleep in my room.
Joe DeRouen, Small Things|Thinking about such things soothed the creature as it dug at the base of a tall oak tree, deep into the ground, covering itself with dirt and leaves and moss; hiding, healing, waiting.
Sue Grafton, J is for Judgment|Robbins had opened Gabby up. Her charred skin was peeled back, and her ribs were removed. She was pink inside, like steak that had been burned on a high heat but remained raw in the middle.
Jostein Gaarder, Sophie's World|..What our contempt often hurls from us,We wish it our again; the present pleasure,By revolution lowering,does becomeThe opposite of itself..
B.R. Ambedkar|For thousands of years humans were oppressed - as some of us still are - by the notion that the universe is a marionette whose strings are pulled by a god or gods, unseen and inscrutable.
Howard Jacobson|It's funny - almost every comedian that I started out with moved to L.A., except for my two friends Hannibal Buress and Amy Schumer. And my two friends that are doing the best in comedy, the most successful friends I have, are Hannibal Buress and Amy Schumer.
Albert Einstein|When we first got married, we made a pact. It was this: In our life together, it was decided I would make all of the big decisions and my wife would make all of the little decisions. For fifty years, we have held true to that agreement. I believe that is the reason for the success in our marriage. However, the strange thing is that in fifty years, there hasn’t been one big decision.
Helen Hunt Jackson|Stain my eyes as I may, on all sides all is black.
Drexel Deal, The Fight of My Life is Wrapped Up in My Father|You have to talk to your children about things, a lot of our parents don’t do that. You have to explain things to children as to why certain things happen. I think that a good way of improving comprehension is to read the newspaper with your child. A lot of times certain sensational things happen and children want to find out why it happened. And sometimes you would hear them talking to each other passing on erroneous information. Daynette Gardiner, the best School Psychologist in The Bahamas
Jayce O'Neal|Usually, if you think something's wrong, it probably is...
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|For Jack Kennedy, who only made campaigning LOOK easy, it was, in fact, anything but.
Ernest Hemingway, A Farewell to Arms|How could I let a love go — one I’d been holding onto for so long — one that felt like home? It’s not easy to let go of the pieces, even though they’re the reason for my pain. I gripped them so hard that my blood fell like rain. But nothing, nothing could have prepared me for a new life with you — one I didn’t deserve, one I want to pursue.
P.J. Parker, America Túwaqachi: The Saga of an American Family|For whom do you cry, my son?” the Great Spirit asked.“I do not know.”“Yes, you do.
William Goldman, The Princess Bride|Sometimes, all it takes to change your life is to change your routine.
Wisława Szymborska|When it comes, you’ll be dreamingthat you don’t need to breathe;that breathless silence isthe music of the darkand it’s part of the rhythmto vanish like a spark.
Ian McEwan, Atonement|Dearest Cecilia, You’d be forgiven for thinking me mad, the way I acted this afternoon. The truth is I feel rather light headed and foolish in your presence, Cee, and I don’t think I can blame the heat.
H.E. Davey|Because all actions and expressions stem from the mind, it is vital to know the mind as well as decide in what way we’ll use it. Everyone has heard of psychosomatic illness, and most of us acknowledge that psychosomatic sicknesses can and do occur. But what about psychosomatic wellness? How many of us have considered if it’s possible to stay healthy or cure various maladies with the positive use of the mind? And if we have thought of this, have we done much more than simply consider the idea?
Christopher Paolini, Inheritance|Charlotte views her younger selves with a certain detachment. They are herself, but other incarnations, innocents going about half-forgotten business.
Diana Wynne Jones, Castle in the Air|You did what you did out of love. I can't be mad at you over that. It was stupid, but that's how love is. Do you have any idea what I'd do for you? To keep you safe?
Debasish Mridha|Learn to read deeply. It will slowly open your mind’s eye, and will be able to see the secret beauty of the universe and understand its deeper essence.
Graham Linehan|Hello, IT... Have you tried turning it off and on again?... OK, well, the button on the side. Is it glowing?... Yeah, you need to turn it on.... Err, the button turns it on.... Yeah, you do know how a button works, don't you?... No, not on clothes... I'm sorry, are you from the past?
Mitt Romney|Like me, the great majority of Americans wish both to preserve the traditional definition of marriage and to oppose bias and intolerance directed towards gays and lesbians.
Bonita Venter|Sometimes the mind silence the heart, cause it is afraid of what it might say
Monica Seles|Success doesn't mean that you are healthy, success doesn't mean that you're happy, success doesn't mean that you're rested. Success really doesn't mean that you look good, or feel good, or are good.
Sheila Walsh, Loved Back to Life: How I Found the Courage to Live Free|Perhaps, too, in the "shift-the-blame" society we live in, we have forgotten how to weep over our sins. David, the psalm writer, said, "When I kept silent, my bones wasted away through my groaning all day long" (Psalm 32:3). I wonder if so many of us rush off to self-help groups because we have lost the ability to be real in our churches.
Ikechukwu Joseph, Through Faith: Living an Overcoming Life|When we quit focusing on the wrong in the past or the uncertainty of the future, we get to monitor and determine our emotional states, as we enjoy and surrender to our present moment with confidence that we shall be led to our next destination.
Keith Richards|When e-commerce companies build scale, cost comes down. Companies that can handle scale and reduce costs over time will win. Margins will come from reducing costs over time and not by increasing prices. Technology is the answer at large scale.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Wampeters, Foma and Granfalloons|Artists use frauds to make human beings seem more wonderful than they really are. Dancers show us human beings who move much more gracefully than human beings really move. Films and books and plays show us people talking much more entertainingly than people really talk, make paltry human enterprises seem important. Singers and musicians show us human beings making sounds far more lovely than human beings really make. Architects give us temples in which something marvelous is obviously going on. Actually, practically nothing is going on.
Joanna Macy & Chris Johnstone|When complimented, a sincere "thank you" is the only response required.
Tamora Pierce, Lady Knight|Life wants you to respect yourself, respect other people and respect the planet.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Everything has a reason, though it cannot always be deduced for we cannot see the full picture of a life at any point in time.
Franny Billingsley, Chime|Secrets are like scars. The cut may no longer be there, but the scar’s white line tells a story. Unless you share it, it’s like you’re hiding a part of yourself the whole world can already see. They may not know the how or the why, but they see it just the same.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|God can use the fear that grips the hearts of men today to point them to eternal truths—the truth of God’s eternal judgment, and the truth of His eternal love.
Eugen Herrigel|The sun shines, snow falls, mountains rise and valleys sink, night deepens and pales into day, but it is only very seldom that we attend to such things. . . . When we are grasping the inexpressible meaning of these things, this is life, this is living. To do this twenty-four hours a day is the Way of Haiku. It is having life more abundantly.
Heather Hall, Love and Temptation|True love, the good, beautiful, one-and-only kind, the kind between loving friends and family and partners who are mostly just trying hard to do their best, it manages to overlook some pieces of its story. It overlooks what he can’t give you or how she failed you or what mistakes he made when he was struggling. It stays steady at its center. It evolves, through drought and storm. It grows. It survives.
Marty Rubin|Art is the product of an imperfect world. In a perfect world, art would not exist.
Pierre Teilhard de Chardin|I think a lot of people have an idea of virtual reality from science fiction, books and movies that have been out over the last couple of decades.
Melissa Hart, Wild Within: How Rescuing Owls Inspired a Family|So often, we think we can guess our destiny. We're so certain we know what it looks like that we forget to open ourselves up to the pleasure of surprise.
Sara Sheridan|History is full of blank spaces, but good stories, invariably, are not.
Karl Marx, Wage-Labour and Capital/Value, Price and Profit|It is, perhaps, impossible to proportion exactly the price of labor to the profits it produces; and it will also be said, as an apology for the injustice, that were a workman to receive an increase of wages daily he would not save it against old age, nor be much better for it in the interim.
Pelevin, Victor|[P]erhaps the burrows in which our lives were spent really were dark and dirty, and perhaps we ourselves were well suited to these burrows, but in the blue sky above our heads, up among the thinly scattered stars, there were special, artificial points of gleaming light, creeping unhurriedly through the constellations, points created here out of steel, semiconductors, and electricity, and now flying through space. And every one of us, even the blue-faced alcoholic we had passed on the way here, huddling like a toad in a snowdrift, even Mitiok's brother, and of course Mitiok and I — we all had our own little embassy up there in the cold pure blueness.
Natalie Babbitt, Tuck Everlasting|Don't be afraid of death; be afraid of an unlived life. You don't have to live forever, you just have to live.
Kate Morton, The Forgotten Garden|Some seasons later, the Princess of the kingdom was riding with her handmaiden on the edge of the dark woods. Though once she had been very ill, the Princess had recovered miraculously and was now married to a fine prince. She lived a full and happy life: walked and danced and sang, and enjoyed all the vast riches of health. They had a dear baby girl who was much loved and ate pure honey and drank the dew from rose petals and had beautiful butterflies for playthings.
G.K. Chesterton, Appreciations and Criticisms of the Works of Charles Dickens|[A] finished tale may give a man immortality in the light and literary sense; but an unfinished tale suggests another immortality, more essential and more strange.
Anne Lamott|Change and Mistakes are positive and negative terminals of cell called "Transformation".
Pablo|Men? They are simple creatures. Is there something wrong with your man? Feed him, and take him to your bed. Et Voila! All problems, they disappear. But if something is wrong with the woman? Je suis désolé. Women need to talk.– André Chevalier
Ashlyn Macnamara, A Most Scandalous Proposal|You might as well laugh at yourself,everyone else is.
Iraniya Naynesh|Everyone roams in darkness,A wise always find the light.
Dorothy L. Sayers, Gaudy Night|You'd think (losing his job and degree for having made false claims as a researcher) would be a lesson to him," said Miss Hillyard. "It didn't pay, did it? Say he sacrificed his professional honour for the women and children we hear so much about -- but in the end it left him worse of."But that," said Peter, "was only because he committed the extra sin of being found out.
James Joyce|I saw Tequila Sunrise as a romantic picture with complex, bigger than life characters.
Ryan Leonard|Although upon doctrines of grace our views differ from those avowed by Arminian Methodists, we have usually found that on the great evangelical truths we are in full agreement, and we have been comforted by the belief that Wesleyans were solid upon the central doctrines.
Frank Wanderer|In the course of our journey leading to Consciousness, our objective should not be creating a positive character, and thus a pleasant scenario, but finding the Existence behind every scenario.
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|When you’re honest, what compares with the gorgeous thrill of sex? What brings you the same sense of wonder, pleasure, and fulfilment? I can’t think of anything as good.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|I'm the girl that goes backwards, takes wrong turns, stumbles in the dark. I'm also the girl that finds gold where others feared to stray. Perhaps because I follow my heart instead of sage advice thrown my way. I don't want to become numb by always playing it safe. Many of our most cherished times happen when we shatter the damn box, step off the safety zone and listen to the sound of our soul.
Angela M. Hudson|When love dies, the heart's ashes do not leave on the wind—they rest on the mantelpiece of the soul, darkening the sunrise we once saw to be beautiful.
Carrie Fisher, Wishful Drinking|During this hour in the waking streets I felt at ease, at peace; my body, which I despised, operated like a machine. I was spaced out, the catchphrase my friends at school used to describe their first experiments with marijuana and booze. This buzzword perfectly described a picture in my mind of me, Alice, hovering just below the ceiling like a balloon and looking down at my own small bed where a big man lay heavily on a little girl I couldn’t quite see or recognize. It wasn’t me. I was spaced out on the ceiling. I had that same spacey feeling when I cooked for my father, which I still did, though less often. I made omelettes, of course. I cracked a couple of eggs into a bowl, and as I reached for the butter dish, I always had an odd sensation in my hands and arms. My fingers prickled; it didn’t feel like me but someone else cutting off a great chunk of greasy butter and putting it into the pan. I’d add a large amount of salt — I knew what it did to your blood pressure, and I mumbled curses as I whisked the brew. When I poured the slop into the hot butter and shuffled the frying pan over the burner, it didn’t look like my hand holding the frying-pan handle and I am sure it was someone else’s eyes that watched the eggs bubble and brown. As I dropped two slices of wholemeal bread in the toaster, I would observe myself as if from across the room and, with tingling hands gripping the spatula, folded the omelette so it looked like an apple envelope. My alien hands would flip the omelette on to a plate and I’d spread the remainder of the butter on the toast when the two slices of bread leapt from the toaster. ‘Delicious,’ he’d say, commenting on the food before even trying it.
Tanya Masse|She felt a lump form in her throat, and she swallowed hard. She wouldn't have this-the swollen ankles and pink cheeks and the feel of that glorious, curving belly under the palm of her hand-but she could still be a mother. That was the important thing.
Mika Waltari, The Egyptian|For I, Sinuhe, am a human being. I have lived in everyone who existed before me and shall live in all who come after me. I shall live in human tears and laughter, in human sorrow and fear, in human goodness and wickedness, in justice and injustice, in weakness and strength. As a human being I shall live eternally in mankind. I desire no offerings at my tomb and no immortality for my name. This was written by Sinuhe, the Egyptian, who lived alone all the days of his life.
Joanne Fluke, Lemon Meringue Pie Murder|She skinned her hair back into a ponytail, a style she knew was probably too young for her, but she planned to drive with her windows open and she could ditch the elastic band once she got to the lake.
Robert Mugabe|We have entered an age in which education is not just a luxury permitting some men an advantage over others. It has become a necessity without which a person is defenseless in this complex, industrialized society. We have truly entered the century of the educated man.
Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse|Zoe—" I said."Stars," she whispered. "I can see the stars again, my lady."A tear trickled down Artemis's cheek. "Yes, my brave one. They are beautiful tonight.""Stars," Zoe repeated. Her eyes fixed on the night sky. And she did not move again.Thalia lowered her head. Annabeth gulped down a sob, and her father put his hands on her shoulders. I watched as Artemis cupped her hand above Zoe's mouth and spoke a few words in Ancient Greek. A silvery wisp of smoke exhaled from Zoe's lips and was caught in the hand of the goddess. Zoe's body shimmered and disappeared.Artemis stood, said a kind of blessing, breathed into her cupped hand and released the silver dust to the sky. It flew up, sparkling, and vanished.For a moment I didn't see anything different. Then Annabeth gasped. Looking up in the sky, I saw that the stars were brighter now. They made a pattern I had never noticed before—a gleaming constellation that looked a lot like a girl's figure—a girl with a bow, running across the sky."Let the world honor you, my Huntress," Artemis said. "Live forever in the stars.
Kelly Creagh, Enshadowed|I keep telling myselfThat you’rejust a girl.Another leaf blown across my pathDestined to pass onAnd shrivel into yourselfLike all the others.Yet despite my venomYou refuse to witherOr fade.You remain golden throughout,And in your gaze I am left to wonder if it is me aloneWho feels the fall.
John of Salisbury, The Metalogicon of John of Salsibury: A Twelfth-Century Defense of the Verbal and Logical Arts of the Trivium|Just as the soul animates the body, so, in a way, meaning breathes life into a word.
Jason Calacanis|I'm projecting somewhere between 100 million and 200 million computers on the Net by the end of December 2000, and about 300 million users by that same time.
Stephen King, Full Dark, No Stars|If you're going into a very dark place, then you should take a bright light, and shine it on everything. If you don't want to see, why in God's name would you dare the dark at all?
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|When you know that you know to the extent of committing your life to a just cause, then nothing will be able to stop you.
Terry Goodkind, Wizard's First Rule|Richard looked up at the beautiful, big pines spreading over them, illuminated in the firelight. A spark of understanding lit in his mind. He saw the branches stretched out with murderous intent in a years-long struggle to reach the sunlight and dispatch its neighbors with its shade. Success would give space for its offspring, many of which would also shrivel in the shade of the parent. Several close neighbors of the big pine were withered and weak, victims all. It was true. The design of nature was success by murder.
Arthur C. Clarke|Before you become too entranced with gorgeous gadgets and mesmerizing video displays, let me remind you that information is not knowledge, knowledge is not wisdom, and wisdom is not foresight. Each grows out of the other, and we need them all.
Mindy Kaling|Woody Allen is really the ultimate. I love that he believed in himself enough to do what he did. And I have that same feeling - that there's nobody that looks like me in movies, nobody would cast me as a romantic lead, but I want to do it and I feel confident that I can.
Neil Gaiman, The Graveyard Book|Wherever you go, you take yourself with you.
David D. Allee|Only a fool would be patient enough to stay in a totalitarian love affair, and only the insincere will use anarchy to commit the sin of unfaithfulness.
Torsten Wiesel|Public discourse has been polluted now for decades by corporate-funded disinformation - not just with climate change but with a host of health, environmental and societal threats. The implications for the planet are grim.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|I hear something in her words that's right, but it's hard to believe her right now.
Kristine K. Stevens, If Your Dream Doesn't Scare You, It Isn't Big Enough: A Solo Journey Around the World|While National Geographic magazine had given me a taste of the world, the three-dimensional details of this moment - the tickle of the rain drops, the suck sound of my feet in the mud, the challenge of getting photographs of the monkeys, my immature urge to make the driver wait even longer because he was annoying - would feed me for years to come.
Konrad Lorenz|The rung of a ladder was never meant to rest upon, but only to hold a man's foot long enough to enable him to put the other somewhat higher.
Anupama Garg|Every human, is capable of animalistic behavior. But for God, human abode will be a wild desert with untamed animals
Mary E. DeMuth, Everything: What You Give and What You Gain to Become Like Jesus|It is true that we choose our life, but it’s also true that we can choose at any moment to change our path.
Joyce Carol Oates|I suggest to my students that they write under a pseudonym for a week. That allows young men to write as women, and women as men. It allows them a lot of freedom they don't have ordinarily.
Brian Rathbone, Call of the Herald|Men are fickle creatures, capable of kindness and compassion yet fascinated by the basest atrocities.
Ava Dellaira, Love Letters to the Dead|...[P]erhaps it is the loving that counts, not the being loved in return---that perhaps true loving can never know anything but happiness.
Susan Ee, World After|I look up to say something but he puts his finger to my lips and whispers, “Don’t talk. You’ll just spoil my fantasy of rescuing an innocent damsel in distress as soon as you open your mouth.
Thomas Henry Huxley, Evolution and Ethics: And Other Essays|Ending up with that gigantic outsized brain must have taken some sort of runaway evolutionary process, something that would push and push without limits.And today's scientists had a pretty good guess at what that runaway evolutionary process had been.Harry had once read a famous book called Chimpanzee Politics. The book had described how an adult chimpanzee named Luit had confronted the aging alpha, Yeroen, with the help of a young, recently matured chimpanzee named Nikkie. Nikkie had not intervened directly in the fights between Luit and Yeroen, but had prevented Yeroen's other supporters in the tribe from coming to his aid, distracting them whenever a confrontation developed between Luit and Yeroen. And in time Luit had won, and become the new alpha, with Nikkie as the second most powerful......though it hadn't taken very long after that for Nikkie to form an alliance with the defeated Yeroen, overthrow Luit, and become the new new alpha.It really made you appreciate what millions of years of hominids trying to outwit each other - an evolutionary arms race without limit - had led to in the way of increased mental capacity.'Cause, y'know, a human would have totally seen that one coming.
Cyril Connolly|Winning the Revolutionary War, or the Civil War, or World War II were the turning points in our history, the sine qua non of our forward progress.
Sonya Withrow|When you have a command over your thoughts and how they are creating, you are the center of your creation. When you put your responsibility outside of yourself and subject yourself as a victim of the universe, you are disempowered and are going to struggle. Live life free and responsibly. Then you will align with your soul’s love. It is a matter of acknowledging your power and truly living it.
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist|But struggling with these better feelings was pride,--the vice of the lowest and most debased creatures no less than of the high and self-assured. The miserable companion of thieves and ruffians, the fallen outcast of low haunts, the associate of the scourings of the jails and hulks, living within the shadow of the gallows itself,--even this degraded being felt too proud to betray a feeble gleam of the womanly feeling which she thought a weakness, but which alone conneced her with that humanity, of which her wasting life had obliterated so many, many traces when a very child.
Kellin Quinn|So don't come in here acting like you matter. You left and took your high horse with you," he takes another step in my direction. My throat constricts.He's not finished, "And you show up here at my club thinking you can just waltz right in and have a say? No bitch.
Emma Goldman, Red Emma Speaks|And it was not merely tens of thousands, or hundreds of thousands, but hundreds of millions of people who were the obedient witnesses of this slaughter of the innocent. Nor were they merely obedient witnesses: when ordered to, they gave their support to this slaughter, voting in favour of it amid a hubbub of voices. There was something unexpected in their degree of obedience... The extreme violence of the totalitarian social systems proved able to paralyse the human spirit throughout whole continents.
Ariel Levy, The Rules Do Not Apply|But that was long ago. She has long since lost interest in motives, in the details of other women's crimes. Even the hatchet makes its usual sense. A mother who loves her child with all her self is only so far from the hatchet anyway; one casual swing and it's done. Hatred, love, all muddled up in that space inside a whisper, when the words don't matter anymore, when the baby's half asleep and you can carry it all the way there if you want, on nothing but the tone of your voice. When the bough breaks, the cradle will fall. Sing it as softly as you like—the words clench their own teeth. The child still falls.
Slavoj Žižek|We don't really want to get what we think that we want.I am married to a wife and relationship with her are cold and I have a mistress. And all the time I dream oh my god if my wife were to disappear - I'm not a murderer but let us say- that it will open up a new life with the mistress.Then, for some reason, the wife goes away, you lose the mistress.You thought this is all I want, when you have it there, you turn out it was a much more complex situation. It was not to live with the mistress, but to keep her as a distance as on object of desire about which you dream.This is not an excessive example, I claim this is how things function. We don't really want what we think we desire
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|If you’re going to give up after few attempts, bear it in mind that your struggles are going to be wasted.
