David Cameron|And everything was made of paper: sentences, pardons, pleas, bad records, demerits, proof of guilt, but never, it seemed, proof of innocence. If there were no paper, Carter felt, the entire judicial system would collapse and disappear.
Stephen King, The Waste Lands|You have come from the shadow of the heroin and the shadow of your brother, my friend. Come from the shadow of yourself, if you dare.
Michelle Madow, Vengeance|Some men simply refuse to appear insulted. But then, having felt the sting from the slap on their cheek, know just where to slip the knife, their smile never fading.
Tim Winton|It's the pointless things that give your life meaning. Friendship, Compassion, Art, Love. All of them are pointless. But, they're what keeps life from being meaningless.
Norman Mailer, Deaths For The Ladies|I tell you, say the rich,the poor are naughtbut dirty windwelling in air-shaftsover the cindersand droppings ofthe past, theirvoices thickwith greaseand ordure,sewer-greedto corrode the earwith the horrorsof the pastand the voidsof new stupidity.One could drownwaiting for the poorto makeone fine distinction.Yes, destroy ussay the richand you losethe rootsof God.
Pankaj Mishra (#iampm)|There lives a man, who is too small for his own brain." ‪#‎iampm‬
Angel M.B. Chadwick|Sometimes I wonder why I exist with all my vast knowledge, while others exist longer with their clichés.
J.R. Rim|It is true that you can't choose your family, but you can choose your friends. It is also true that you can choose your partner and in doing so, you end up choosing the family you've always wanted.
Fr. Martin von Cochem|That's how most things are," Gus replied sagely. "The theory is clean and polished, but the execution is usually an ugly, complicated mess.
Sandesh limbu|Life is a strange mixture of all of these genres, she mused, and it doesn’t have nearly as neat and happy an ending as you often get in books.
Dada Bhagwan|Why is there so much problem just to know one’s own Soul? The Soul resides in one’s own abode (body), but one doesn’t know it and then he says, ‘I know this and I know that so’. Instead why don’t you get to know your own ‘Self’?
Michael S. Horton, Christless Christianity: The Alternative Gospel of the American Church|If there is one single molecule in this universe running around loose, totally free of God’s sovereignty, then we have no guarantee that a single promise of God will ever be fulfilled.
Eula Biss, On Immunity: An Inoculation|The wheel of life: one generation rises like summer wheat, then withers and falls to seed. The wheel turns - birth, youth, adulthood, parenthood, senescence, death - driven by genetic machinery set in motion so many eons ago. For all its subtleties and infinite beauty, life has but one purpose: to keep the wheel turning.
Arundhati Roy, The Checkbook and the Cruise Missile: Conversations with Arundhati Roy|You are significantly more likely to die in a car accident, especially if you fail to wear a seat belt, than to be attacked by ISIS. Wear your seat belt
Willie Stargell|There are some aspects of work you need to keep working on and no matter what environment you are in. Continuous learning is very important. It's what I call 'competitive tension', which is about having a competition around.
Anne Rice, The Vampire Lestat|Do you think the Devil is real then?” she asked. If God wasn’t up in heaven answering a desperate mother’s prayers then maybe Satan didn’t exist either.“He is real,” Gabriel answered quietly, his voice almost a whisper. “I look him in the eye every day.
Lady Gaga|I had a boyfriend who told me I’d never succeed, never be nominated for a Grammy, never have a hit song, and that he hoped I’d fail. I said to him, ‘Someday, when we’re not together, you won’t be able to order a cup of coffee at the fucking deli without hearing or seeing me.
Natalie Brenner, This Undeserved Life: Uncovering The Gifts of Grief and The Fullness of Life|No matter where I went, where I’ve gone, what I’ve seen and what I’ve done…you have never not been wit’ me. You’ve always been my home.
Geraldine Brooks|My family was Jehovah's Witnesses, which is a really tough religion. It kind of deterred me from religion for a long time. They still practice, but I don't. But I always remained spiritual, and had a belief that there is a God. I'm trying to find my way, you know?
Grace Burrowes, The Captive|How had things gone so terribly wrong? She wasn't supposed to be returning to Murdoch House in defeat, and she most certainly was not supposed to be returning alone.Lilly should be there. And Gideon. High-handed, muleheaded, wonderful Gideon. She'd never admitted it, not even to herself, but a part of her had expected him to come back to Murdoch House with her. Or perhaps it was more accurate to say that no part of her had been able to imagine going back without him.
Maggie Stiefvater|I built an idea in my head of the hero I wanted to be, a grab bag of traits from heroes, villains, and side characters. I did not have book role models, I had book blueprints.But there remained a huge gap between the person I wanted to be and the person who I was. This was because no matter how many book blueprints I had, as much as I wanted to make myself the hero of my own life, it didn’t matter as long as I kept telling the story wrong.Nowadays, as a storyteller, I know what the problem was. I had all the elements I needed to tell a good story. But I was telling it the wrong way, so I could never get to the ending I wanted.If you tell yourself you’re a winner, you know what kind of story you’re telling, and you will march toward that... Likewise, if you tell yourself you’re a loser, you’ve made that your story, and you will march toward that instead. The same setbacks could happen in the loser’s story as in the winner’s story, but the self-defined loser would let them be proof that they were never going to be anything.Here’s the story I was telling myself back when I was little edible child waiting to be carried away by hawks and making OCD rituals for herself: once upon a time, there was a girl who was afraid of everything. When I was 16, I realized that I knew what this story looked like and how it ended, and it wasn’t the life I wanted for myself. If I wanted my ending to look different, I needed to change the kind of story I was telling about myself. I needed to shape my events into a different genre: once upon a time, there was a woman who was afraid of nothing. At age 16, I legally changed my name from my birthname — Heidi — to one I thought sounded like the hero I wanted to be: Maggie. And I vowed that I would never be afraid of anything ever again.Did it work? No, of course not. Not right away. But it became a mission statement, my hero’s journey.
Lailah Gifty Akita|When in love, every soul becomes a poet.
Iwan Goll|Decline is also a form of voluptuousness, just like growth. Autumn is just as sensual as springtime. There is as much greatness in dying as in procreation.
Scott Westerfeld, Goliath|Sam was waiting for her,his gaze sweeping over her. "Looks great." "I look like a geek," Lucy said. "I smell like a brewery. And I need a bra.""My dream date.
Jonathan Swift, A Tale Of A Tub And Other Writings|Books, the children of the brain.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, Divided & Conquered|When the going gets tough: the poor close their eyes, the rich open their wallets.
Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games|Happiness, satisfaction, fulfillment, joy, love... All these things work the same way. The more you search for them, the less likely you are to find them.
Debasish Mridha|And yet, it is amazing that poetry often touches the heart even though it may not try to teach us anything.
Aditya Ajmera|Opposites are attracted at first because we want the other person to complete us. But, no one can complete us because it is our job to make our personality/ego whole."- Author Serena Jade
Hailey Edwards|Life after love was possible. I was proof. Loss taught you about yourself, burrowed in the dark parts of your soul and ate you from the inside out.
Haruki Murakami, Wind/Pinball: Two Novels|Tell me what happens next, after my body has frozen. When I can't communicate. What will I be?
Edmund Spenser, The Faerie Queene, Books Three and Four|So furiously each other did assayle, As if their soules they would attonce haue rent Out of their brests, that streames of bloud did rayle Adowne, as if their springes of life were spent; That all the ground with purple bloud was sprent, And all their armours staynd with bloudie gore, Yet scarcely once to breath would they relent, So mortall was their malice and so sore,Become of fayned friendship which they vow'd afore.
Raymond D. Longoria Jr.|Fear is like the Devil, both grudgingly reveal their ultimately futile ability to halt our Spiritual Growth, and keep us from our Eternal home, as we progress ever nearer to our Perfected Loving Creator.
Jim Robbins, The Man Who Planted Trees: Lost Groves, Champion Trees, and an Urgent Plan to Save the Planet|What an irony it is that these living beings whose shade we sit in,whose fruit we eat, whose limbs we climb, whose roots we water, towhom most of us rarely give a second thought, are so poorlyunderstood. We need to come, as soon as possible, to a profoundunderstanding and appreciation for trees and forests and the vitalrole they play, for they are among our best allies in the uncertainfuture that is unfolding.
D. H. Lawrence|Not the torturer will scare me, nor the body's final fall, nor the barrels of death's rifles, nor the shadows on the wall, nor the night when to the ground the last dim star of pain, is hurled but the blind indifference of a merciless, unfeeling world.
Mike Resnick, The Outpost|Whatever your grievances, I'm sure we can address them without resorting to war," persisted Argyle....Nonsense," said the alien. "Do you know how many laborers and industries we'd put out of work if we were to stop the war just because a few bleeding hearts think we can talk out our grievances?
Dick Dale|If I want to get work done, that's usually about 3 in the morning.
Barbara Erakko Taylor, Silent Dwellers: Embracing the Solitary Life|. . . I am in my hermitage perhaps 70 to 80 percent of the time. I relish and enjoy time with others. I have been called "the sociable hermit." Ironically, lengthy solitude often invokes a verbal avalanche when I find myself with a dear and treasured friend, or at a rare social occasion. . . . Solitaries, I suppose, are not always introverts.
Natsuki Takaya, Fruits Basket, Vol. 4|You never could tell when someone would stop growing old in Neverland. For Tik Tok, it had been after wrinkles had walked long deep tracks across his face, but for many people, it was much younger. Some people said it occurred when the most important thing that would ever happen to you triggered something inside that stopped you from moving forward.
Atalina Wright, Unbound|You played my heart as it was meant to be played, a little, then all at once.
Tatjana Urbic|Perhaps my gift to you will be as simple as a single word, whispered into your ear by one of your servants as you lie on your deathbed, a word that solves a final mystery and makes it easy for you to slip quietly into the dark.
Gabriel Chevallier, Clochemerle Babylon|Oh Time, you arise with parting! [О, Время, ты от разлуки!]
Wolfgang Reiber|If you think you are too small to be effective, you have never been in the dark with a mosquito!
Jay Woodman|Mindfulness & Meditation help focus on the moment while at the same time knowing we cannot capture that moment, we are in a flow of moments we let flow. We can watch moments in detail without being attached to them. Non-attachment to past & future stems from this practice. Worry about past or future is wasted energy, however we can observe the past & learn from it without agonising over it & trust ourselves to handle the future better. We can celebrate the opportunity to grow as we gain understanding from observation & experience. We can watch ourselves & avoid being caught up in over-reactions. "I am loved, right now, in this moment, I love, and am part of love itself. I am aware of myself at every level - the mental slowing gracefully to sense the spiritual within & all around, and the physical being still, or moving. I tune in to the flow of life in my body & the flow of life everywhere. I circulate love with each breath - from without to within & from within to all around.
Ruth Ozeki, A Tale for the Time Being|Hence this life of yours which you are living is not merely a piece of the entire existence, but is in a certain sense the whole; only this whole is not so constituted that it can be surveyed in one single glance. This, as we know, is what the Brahmins express in that sacred, mystic formula which is yet really so simple and so clear: Tat tvam asi, this is you. Or, again, in such words as 'I am in the east and in the west, I am below and above, I am this whole world'.Thus you can throw yourself flat on the ground, stretched out upon Mother Earth, with the certain conviction that you are one with her and she with you. You are as firmly established, as invulnerable as she, indeed a thousand times firmer and more invulnerable. As surely she will engulf you tomorrow, so surely will she bring you forth anew to new striving and suffering. And not merely 'some day': now, today, every day she is bringing you forth, not once but thousands upon thousands of times, just as every day she engulfs you a thousand times over. For eternally and always there is only now, one and the same now; the present is the only thing that has no end.
Stephen Richards, How to Get Everything You Can Imagine: Volume 1: How Mind Power Works|He reads histories and mythologies and fairy tales, wondering why it seems that only girls are ever swept away from their mundane lives on farms by knights or princes or wolves. It strikes him as unfair to not have the same fanciful opportunity himself. And he is not in the position to do any rescuing of his own.During the hours spent watching the sheep as they wander aimlessly around their fields, he even wishes that someone would come and take him away, but wishes on sheep appear to work to better than wishes on stars.
Ridhdhesh Jivawala|I'm not made to fit into the society's definition of me. I've got freedom to define myself. You too, if you know!
Deb Caletti, Stay|I can't assume responsibility for a man's infidelity, no more than I can take credit for his choice to remain faithful.
Yiddish Proverb|If the rich could hire other people to die for them, the poor could make a wonderful living.
Anton Chekhov, Uncle Vanya|being is one day and a million nights. the blood on the glass, blood lust with the sun holding. the universe beats for the lost and found. with you.
|If life doesn't give up on you in good times, why then would you dare to give up on it in tough times?
Arash Tabish|Let's face the fact that most people believe what they like to believe or what they want to believe even if it is not real or it is not right things to blieve but they reject the reality and the right thing to believe. You know why cause most of them feel hurted by the truth, they are avoiding the truth instead they accept lie and unreal things. that is why i always mentioned that politics is just a wrong business for ugly people, unfortunately these ugly people are using our nation to reach for their goals, they can do anything to get what they want so let's be smart, be thoughtful and never believe in propaganda, never trust politicians even if you think that they are right cause most of them are not honest, let's remember that we are being led to slaughterhouse by Corrupt politicians, unfortunately most ordinary people is puppet of fake and worthless news and media and most media is the right hand for Anarchy. Let's be smart, be thoughtful and try do our best to avoid hate and anger but spread love, joy, peace, kindness and forbearance among our nation and our fellow human beings.
Samuel Johnson, The Rambler|I was good at being charming, one of my very few vanities.
Moby|Strangely enough, when the Sugababes' 'Freak Like Me' went to number 1, which was built around my 'Are 'Friends' Electric' song, I had another song called 'Rip' go to number 1 in the Kerrang TV chart, so I was pulling new people in from very different areas of musical interest. That was quite an amazing week.
Stevie Wonder|A birthday is just another day where you go to work and people give you love. Age is just a state of mind, and you are as old as you think you are. You have to count your blessings and be happy.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|Money can take you many places, but imagination can take you anywhere.
Georges Bataille, Theory of Religion|The power of death signifies that this real world can only have a neutral image of life, that life's intimacy does not reveal it's dazzling consumption until the moment it gives out.
Saul Alinsky|Never underestimate the power of being popular in pop culture. You have to be able to do something. You can have a good seat at the restaurant, but you still have to pay for the meal. Fame is important, but to be rich is more important.
Green Day|If I look at my old lyrics, they seem to be full of rage, but empty. There was an emptiness in my life.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Prince|If you tell a big enough lie and tell it frequently enough, it will be believed.
Michael   Lewis, Liar's Poker|It was the job of people like me to make up reasons, to spin a plausible yarn. And it’s amazing what people will believe. Heavy selling out of the Middle East was an old standby. Since no one ever had any clue what the Arabs were doing with their money or why, no story involving Arabs could ever be refuted. So if you didn’t know why the dollar was falling, you shouted out something about Arabs.
Charles Spurgeon|I have a great agency! It's definitely team work with my fashion career. The trick is to surround yourself with the best people, those whose opinions you really trust and value.
Kami Garcia & Margaret Stohl, Beautiful Creatures|. . . I could't get lost in the story, not the way you need to be, to become somebody else.
Dada Bhagwan|The energy of the Soul (Atma) is such that it will give you all the solution for how to behave every time in any situation. And what is more, you will not forget it, after the Self [Soul] has been realized.
A.D. Aliwat, Alpha|Really, the definition of what makes us “human” confuses me. Showing “humanity” is like this synonym for “treating others kindly” or “like you want to be treated” or whatever, when that isn’t really human at all. Whoever came up with that definition is a real scammer, and a real genius. More than anything else, humans have been terrible to each other throughout history, and this is still the way it works today and will continue to work. It’s how we’re wired. I have “human understanding”; that’s it.
Boria Sax|Nature, ... in order to carry out the marvelous operations [that occur] in animals and plants has been pleased to construct their organized bodies with a very large number of machines, which are of necessity made up of extremely minute parts so shaped and situated as to form a marvelous organ, the structure and composition of which are usually invisible to the naked eye without the aid of a microscope. ... Just as Nature deserves praise and admiration for making machines so small, so too the physician who observes them to the best of his ability is worthy of praise, not blame, for he must also correct and repair these machines as well as he can every time they get out of order.
Cassandra Clare, Lord of Shadows|We fear things because we value them. We fear losing people because we love them. We fear dying because we value being alive. Don't wish you didn't fear anything. All that would mean is that you didn't feel anything." - Julian Blackthorn
J.R. Ward, Lover Awakened|I… What are you saying, Zsadist?" she stammered, even though she'd heard every word.He glanced back down at the pencil in his hand and then turned to the table. Flipping the spiral notebook to a new page, he bent way over and labored on top of the paper for quite a while. Then he ripped the sheet free.His hand was shaking as he held it out. "It's messy."Bella took the paper. In a child's uneven block letters there were three words: I LOVE YOUHer lips flattened tight as her eyes stung. The handwriting got wavy and then disappeared. "Maybe you can't read it," he said in a small voice. "I can do it over." She shook her head. "I can read it just fine. It's… beautiful.""I don't expect anything back. I mean… I know that you don't… feel that for me anymore. But I wanted you to know. It's important that you knew.
Marcia Angell|The bottom line is that the human body is complex and subtle, and oversimplifying - as common sense sometimes impels us to do - can be hazardous to your health.
Jenna Alatari|In the same way a cluttered room becomes difficult to walk, a cluttered mind becomes difficult to think. Meditation is simply a daily housekeeping practice; therefore, put the thoughts away where they belong, take out the unwanted clutter, and relax in the space you created.
Hilary Mantel, A Place of Greater Safety|1776: A declaration of the Parlement of Paris:The first rule of justice is to conserve for each individual that which belongs to him. This is a fundamental rule of natural law, human rights and civil government; a rule which consists not only in maintaining the rights of property, but also those rights vested in the individual and derived from prerogatives of birth and social position.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close|I went to my grandmother, your great-great-grandmother, and asked her to write a letter. She was my mother's mother. Your father's mother's mother's mother. I hardly knew her. I didn't have any interest in knowing her. I have no need for the past, I thought, like a child. I did not consider that the past might have a need for me.What kind of letter? my grandmother asked.I told her to write whatever she wanted to write.You want a letter from me? she asked.I told her yes.Oh, God bless you, she said.The letter she gave me was sixty-seven pages long. It was the story of her life. She made my request into her own. Listen to me.
Howard Zinn|We need to decide that we will not go to war, whatever reason is conjured up by the politicians or the media, because war in our time is always indiscriminate, a war against innocents, a war against children
Sherman Alexie, Reservation Blues|This is how deeply rooted stories are, folks. We crave them before we can walk, and we start telling them before we can talk.
Saki, The Complete Saki|The cook was a good cook, as cooks go; and as cooks go, she went.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|Vronsky saw nothing and no one. He felt himself as a king, not because she had made an impression on Anna-he did not yet believe that-but because the impression she had made on him gave him happiness and pride.
Gregory David Roberts, Shantaram|I love you, Karla,” I said when we were alone again. “I loved you the first second I saw you. I think I’ve loved you for as long as there’s been love in the world. I love your voice. I love your face. I love your hands. I love everything you do, and I love the way you do everything. It feels like magic when you touch me. I love the way your mind works, and the things you say. And even though it’s all true, all that, I don’t really understand it, and I can’t explain it – to you or to myself. I just love you. I just love you with all my heart. You do what God should do: you give me a reason to live. You give me a reason to love the world.
Christina Dodd, Some Enchanted Evening|If ye canna see the bright side o' life, polish the dull side
Ben Carson|These technologies can make life easier, can let us touch people we might not otherwise. You may have a child with a birth defect and be able to get in touch with other parents and support groups, get medical information, the latest experimental drugs. These things can profoundly influence life. I'm not downplaying that.
Richard Adams, Watership Down|Bargains, bargains, El-ahrairah," he said. "There is not a day or night but a doe offers her life for her kittens, or some honest captain of Owsla his life for his Chief Rabbit's. Sometimes it is taken, sometimes it is not. But there is no bargain, for here what is is what must be.
Isabelle Adjani|If I have affected someone in a positive way, that means a lot to me.
Carol Cassella, Oxygen|When do we stop crying over our own injuries? When we get old enough to swallow our tears, or when the people we love stop responding to our cries of pain?
Samuel Park, This Burns My Heart|I stared out of the window at the bright-blue Swiss sky and I told him a story of two people. Two people who shouldn’t have met, and who didn’t like each other much when they did, but who found they were the only two people in the world who could possibly have understood each other. And I told him of the adventures they had, the places they had gone, and the things I had seen that I had never expected to. I conjured for him electric skies and iridescent seas and evenings full of laughter and silly jokes. I drew a world for him, a world far from a Swiss industrial estate, a world in which he was still somehow the person he had wanted to be. I drew the world he had created for me, full of wonder and possibility. I let him know a hurt had been mended in a way that he couldn’t have known, and for that alone there would always be a piece of me indebted to him. And as I spoke I knew these would be the most important words I would ever say and that it was important that they were the right words, that they were not propaganda, an attempt to change his mind, but respectful of what Will had said. I told him something good...
Jonathan Franzen, Purity|I knew it was foolhardy; men of experience say, "Four things do not come back: the spoken word, the sped arrow, the past life, and the neglected opportunity,
Jameela Jamil|I need to be able to be at a gig and just put my bag on the floor and not worry about it being stood on or getting ruined. You want a bag that can go through anything. And a little bit of softness is always lovely. If I don't have a dog, I can just pet my bag!
Emil Dorian, Quality of Witness: A Romanian Diary, 1937-1944|The garden has wrapped itself in autumn haze. An unusual autumn, lacking that thrill of vegetal warmth when the sap is still alive and holds up the trees, drunk on solar gold. It is the sorrowful climax of a summer's drought. Never before was I so struck by the cancerous emaciation in a garden. The leaves started turning yellow in July and began falling, like a dance of prematurely withered bodies.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Tis the good reader that makes the good book; in every book he finds passages which seem confidences or asides hidden from all else and unmistakenly meant for his ear; the profit of books is according to the sensibility of the reader; the profoundest thought or passion sleeps as in a mine, until it is discovered by an equal mind and heart.
Jimmy Carter|I have one life and one chance to make it count for something... My faith demands that I do whatever I can, wherever I am, whenever I can, for as long as I can with whatever I have to try to make a difference.
Irvin D. Yalom|What I'd really like to write is a romantic comedy. This is my favorite kind of movie. I feel almost embarrassed revealing this, because the genre has been so degraded in the past twenty years that saying you like romantic comedies is essentially an admission of mild stupidity.
Sarah  Curtis, Alluring|Would you be shedding tears for McNab’s dead body if he’d been screwing around on you?”Peabody pursed her lips. “Well, since I’d’ve been the one who killed him, I’d probably be shedding tears for me because you’d be arresting me. And that would really make me sad.
Jane Austen, Mansfield Park|Farmers facing lower prices have only one option if they want to be able to maintain their standard of living, pay their bills, and service their debt, and that is to produce more [corn]
Christopher Hitchens, The Enemy|It can certainly be misleading to take the attributes of a movement, or the anxieties and contradictions of a moment, and to personalize or 'objectify' them in the figure of one individual. Yet ordinary discourse would be unfeasible without the use of portmanteau terms—like 'Stalinism,' say—just as the most scrupulous insistence on historical forces will often have to concede to the sheer personality of a Napoleon or a Hitler. I thought then, and I think now, that Osama bin Laden was a near-flawless personification of the mentality of a real force: the force of Islamic jihad. And I also thought, and think now, that this force absolutely deserves to be called evil, and that the recent decapitation of its most notorious demagogue and organizer is to be welcomed without reserve. Osama bin Laden's writings and actions constitute a direct negation of human liberty, and vent an undisguised hatred and contempt for life itself.
Harper Lee, Go Set a Watchman|Mmmhmmm," Mother's delicate hands touched both sides of his cheeks as she spoke, "I do. Your name means 'to give' or 'gift'. Like giving a gift, or it means you are a gift." Then she tapped his nose, "I wonder...what have you been given or what might you have to give?" She looked directly at me, and I knew she mean the question for me as well.
Shamim Sarif, I Can't Think Straight|That her own self-deception and self-absorption, her own slavery to the society and family in which she had been brought up, had reduced this blameless man to a weeping wreck struck her as horrific. She saw more clearly than she had ever seen before that she must change, or keep hurting the people who truly loved her.
Suzanne Collins|You can swim, too." he says. "Where did you learn that in District Twelve?""We have a very big bathtub.
Erin Hunter, Forest of Secrets|I know what it's like to lose kits, Oakheart, I wouldn't wish that kind of grief on any cat.
Ron Hall|Art teaches something we all need to learn, especially about people who are different from ourselves: "To see things the way they truly are, sometimes you have to look more deeply.
Desmond Tutu|Information, education, skills, healthcare, livelihood, financial inclusion, small and village enterprises, opportunities for women, conservation of natural resources, distributed clean energy - entirely new possibilities have emerged to change the development model.
Julie Garwood, Honor's Splendour|Madelyne, we're married now. 'Tis a usual occurrence to bed one's wife on the wedding night.
Ransom Riggs, Library of Souls|I wondered whether trusting him was merely unwise or if it crossed the line into recklessness, like lying down for a nap in the middle of a road.
N. Raines|Found in trees. Sometimes also in old silent movie theaters, seaside zoos, magic shops, hat shops, time-travel shops, topiary gardents, cowboy boots, castle turrets, comet museums, dog pounds, mermaid ponds, dragon lairs, library stacks (the ones in the back), piles of leaves, piles of pancakes, the belly of a fiddle, the bell of a flower, or in the company of wild herds of typewriters. But mostly in trees.
Eowyn Ivey, To The Bright Edge of the World|If any of us ever re-worried abot a request, Mom would say, "If you think you can handle it better than God, it´s coming out."Just the suggestion that we thought we were more powerful than God put us in out places and made us stop fretting and start believing.
Abraham Lincoln|Sometimes it is said that man cannot be trusted with the government of himself. Can he, then be trusted with the government of others? Or have we found angels in the form of kings to govern him? Let history answer this question.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: A Young Adult's Guide to a Meaningful Future|The highest happiness is when one reaches the stage of Liberation, at which there is no more suffering. That’s genuine, lasting happiness. True happiness relates more to the mind and heart. Happiness that depends mainly on physical pleasure is unstable; one day it’s there, the next day it may not be.
Joey Lawsin, Originemology|The dodo itself stands as the best emblem of this general truth - that insular evolution often involves transforming an adventurous, high-flying ancestor species into a grounded descendant, no longer capable of going anywhere but extinct. It's our reminder that insular evolution, for all its wondrousness, tends to be a one-way tunnel toward doom.
Jennifer Clarvoe, Invisible Tender|He simply translated what was in LuLing's heart: her better intentions, her hopes.
H.P. Lovecraft, Supernatural Horror in Literature|The one test of the really weird (story) is simply this--whether or not there be excited in the reader a profound sense of dread, and of contact with unknown spheres and powers; a subtle attitude of awed listening, as if for the beating of black wings or the scratching of outside shapes and entities on the known universe's utmost rim.
Gilbert K. Chesterton|Women love us for our defects. If we have enough of them, they will forgive us everything, even our gigantic intellects.
George Gordon Byron|As we live our precarious lives on the brink of the void, constantly coming closer to a state of nonbeing, we are all too often aware of our fragitlity.
Enrico Bombieri|When things get too complicated, it sometimes makes sense to stop and wonder: Have I asked the right question?
James Peoples, Humanity: An Introduction to Cultural Anthropology|Our focus should not be on emerging technologies, but on emerging cultural practices.
Dada Bhagwan|In the act of selfishness, you bind demerit karma and in the act of sacrificing your own self-interest for the sake of others [selflessness], you bind merit karma. Nevertheless, they are both karma, aren’t they? The fruit of merit karma is shackles of gold and fruit of demerit karma is shackles of iron but they are both indeed shackles, aren’t they?
Francois Nars|You know, all these sentiments about beauty coming from within, they've always resonated when I've read them, but it takes a bit of living to truly appreciate them. To realise we are so much more than our experiences, that we are who we are because of the lessons we've learnt, now that's what true 'beauty' is for me.
Sarah Bessey, Jesus Feminist: An Invitation to Revisit the Bible’s View of Women|We’ll stand before the piles of stones that used to be weapons, and we’ll build an altar.
André Gide, The Immoralist|What would a narrative of happiness be like? All that can be described is what prepares it, and then what destroys it.
Toni Morrison, Jazz|Man created languages, but God created laughter. Humanity can always laugh together even if it can't always speak together.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|To wipe out abuse is not enough; you have to change people's whole outlook. The mill is no longer standing, but the wind's still there, blowing away.
John Christopher, When the Tripods Came|And a leader has to command confidence, and consent.
Martyn Stanley|The truth is I don’t know what happens to the spirits of the dead when they leave this world. Priests may claim to, even Truthseeker may claim to. However nobody truly knows. All Truthseeker truly knows is that Ishar, Kirfell, Orion and Avanti are lies. He has no proof of an alternative. I don’t know. There may be nothing beyond this dark reality we live in, but that doesn’t feel right to me. We love, we hate, we fight, we strive... People’s lives seem too complex and important to be simply extinguished like a candle.’~Vexis ZaelwarshDeathsworn Arc 5: The Temple of the Mad God
Dainin Katagiri|Earth, mountains, rivers, hidden in this nothingness.In this nothingness, earth, mountains, rivers revealed.Spring flowers, winter snows.There's no being or non-being, nor denial itself.
Howard Bahr, The Black Flower: A Novel of the Civil War|Through the door at the end of the hall, Bushrod could see daylight. Gray and sullen it was, but daylight all the same. Through the years Bushrod had seen the dawn come to many fields, after many hard fights, and it was always a sacred moment to him--proof that the universe was still intact in spite of the blood on the ground, the hosts of Departed beginning their first day in eternity, the dead horses and broken gun carriages and scattered equipment--in spite of all the panoramic ruin of the battlefield so brutal and grotesque that it was a wonder God did not bury it in darkness forever--and with it the guilty living, who crept from their holes or their stiff blankets and looked about with astonishment on what they had done. But God never would bury it. He always seemed to want to start over again, whether out of anger or pity Bushrod could not say. And now here was another dawn, after another great fight, and once more God had permitted Bushrod Carter to live.
Stephanie Lahart|You won’t accomplish or reach your greatest potential in life if your main focus is on what other people think of you. No matter how great you are, some people will form their own negative opinions of you. Don’t give your haters your time or energy! People that are negative, jealous, and envious of you aren’t worth your future. Go after your dreams with purpose and unwavering belief!
Jojo Moyes, After You|Sometimes I feel like I don't belong anywhere, & it's gonna take so long for me to get to somewhere, Sometimes I feel so heavy hearted, but I can't explain cuz I'm so guarded. But that's a lonely road to travel, and a heavy load to bear. And it's a long, long way to heaven but I gotta get thereCan you send an angel?Can you send me an angel...to guide me.
Richard M. Weaver, Ideas Have Consequences|Man is constantly being assured today that he has more power than ever before in history, but his daily experience is one of powerlessness.
Mark Haddon, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time|Then, when I've got a degree in maths, or physics, or maths and physics, I will be able to get a job and earn lots of money and I will be able to pay someone who can look after me and cook my meals and wash my clothes, or I will get a lady to marry me and be my wife and she can look after me so I can have company and not be on my own.
Christopher Henry Dawson, Understanding Europe|In spite of this, there is no doubt that the modern European and American system of universal education suffered from serious defects. In the first place, the achievement of universality was purchased by the substitution of quantitative for qualitative standards. Education was accepted as a good in itself and the main question was how to increase the total output: how to teach more and more people more and more subjects for longer and longer periods. But in proportion as education became universal, it became cheapened. Instead of being regarded as the privilege of a few it became a compulsory routine for everybody.
David Eddings, Castle of Wizardry|Fantasy writing must be grounded in both truth and life experience if it is to work. It can be as inventive and creative as the writer can make it, a whirlwind of images and plot twists, but it cannot be built on a foundation of air. The world must be identifiable with our own, must offer us a frame of reference we can recognize.”“Fantasy stories work because the writer has interwoven bits and pieces of reality with imagination to form a personal vision.
James Frey, My Friend Leonard|Gauguin was a stockbroker in Paris, married, had five kids. One day he came home from work and told his wife he was leaving, that he was through supporting the family, that he had had enough. Just like that he fucking took off. He said he had always felt that he was a painter, so he moved to a rat-infested shithole and started painting. His wife begged him to come back, his bosses told him he was insane, he didn't care, he was following his heart. He left Paris, moved to Rouen, went from Rouen to Arles, from Arles to Tahiti. He was searching for peace, contentment, trying to fill that fucking hole he felt inside, and he believed he could fill it. He died in Tahiti, blind and crazy from syphilis, but he did it. He filled his fucking hole, made beautiful work, made beautiful, beautiful work... It takes a brave man to walk away, to care so much that he doesn't care about anything else, to be willing to obey what he feels inside, to be willing to suffer the consequences of living for himself. Every time I stand before his work it makes me cry, and I cry because I'm proud of him, and happy for him, and because I admire him.
David Carr, The Night of the Gun|As I sit today, I am a genuine, often pleasant person. I am able to imitate a human being for long spurts of time, do solid work for a reputable organization, and have, over the breadth of time, proven to be an attentive father and husband. So how to reconcile my past with my current circumstances? Drugs, it seems to me, do not conjure demons, they access them. Was I faking it then, or am I faking it now? Which, you might ask, of my two selves did I make up?
Kayla Krantz, The Council|Hey, Salvo," asked Max when they had almost fallen asleep. "May I write your story?""Don't you dare, amico" was Salvatore's reply. "Kindly come up with your own storia, young Massimo. If you take mine, I'll have none left of my own
Susan Straight|In the old days we were the challenger brand competing against the big banks, but today I go round the world and I sit with governors of central banks and finance ministers and, in some cases, prime ministers. They all know Travelex. We are regarded as the establishment - the world's largest retailer of foreign currency.
Jan Jansen|There are three heavens. The first heaven is the earth and the world of mankind, and the third heaven is where God dwells. However, the second heaven is a place of time and space, where both demons and angels tread, plot, and fight against each other.
Shan Sa, Empress|if people weren't sinners, every intelligence network would be out of business
Emma Straub, The Vacationers|Each year, food companies use an amount of salt that is every bit as staggering as it sounds: 5 billion pounds.
Fulton J. Sheen, Life of Christ|The trouble when people stop believing in God is not that they thereafter believe in nothing; it is that they thereafter believe in anything. In this century, 'anything' has included Hitler, Stalin and Mao, authors of the great genocidal madnesses of our time.
Aristotle|Men with power had the responsibility to know what was best, and they so rarely did.
Kate  Madison, Spilled Perfume: A Memoir|Royal Young has accomplished a rare feat in his fresh and riveting debut: he manages to recount his fascinating youth and unconventional family with a mixture of humor, scathing honesty and tenderness. Much more than simply a book about a kid who dreams of stardom, Fame Shark is a thoughtful, hilarious and moving love letter to his family and the Lower East Side of New York City.
Lou Silluzio|The two most powerful forces in the world,Love and Money !People will kill for both.
Serenity Woods, Something Blue|Josh stared at Kate. She was watching the happy couple, smiling. The warm spring breeze caught her hair and ruffled it like a shining curtain in an open window. It also caught her dress, flipping up the front and giving him an eyeful of long, slender thigh. He could remember planting kisses up that thigh, listening to her sighs as he refused to stop there. She looked ravishing, and all of a sudden he felt a surge of naughtiness, like a schoolboy passing an open box of sweets.He walked up to her, holding a handful of confetti. Slowly he pulled the front of her dress forward and stuffed the paper in the bodice, his fingers lingering against her warm, slightly damp skin. Then he patted the red satin carefully flat. Probably for slightly longer than was necessary.
Henry Miller, Nexus|Celaena?” Sam asked into the dark. “Should I worry about going to sleep?”She blinked, then laughed under her breath. At least Sam took her threats somewhat seriously.
Avina Celeste|Everyone should give their dream a chance. Don't give up before you've even started. Let your actions push you to your dreams and don't let the thought of failure be the thing that stops you. It may be hard and you may struggle, but in the end, you can have the pride in saying you tried your hardest to get what you wanted and let nothing stand in your way.
Blaise Pascal|A liberal education is at the heart of a civil society, and at the heart of a liberal education is the act of teaching.
Sarah Waters|They were no better than common thieves. They stole our childhood. But even with that, I was heartbroken that I would not know the Wozniaks anymore, the only people who came close to being parents to me. I would be conscious of their absence for the rest of my life. I needed them. You know, if you think about it, we all need each other. But even with all of the evidence against the Wozniaks, I had conflicted emotions about them, then and now. They were the closest I had to a real family and real parents. But now I was bankrupt of any feelings at all towards them at all.  I felt then, and feel now, a great sense of loss. I felt as if I were burying them. when I never really had them to lose in the first place. Disillusioned is probably a better word. In fact the very definition of disillusionment is a sense of loss for something you never had. When you are disillusioned and disappointed enough times, you stop hoping. That’s what happens to many foster kids. We become loners, not because we enjoy the solitude, but because we let people into our lives and they disappoint us. So we close up and travel alone. Even in a crowd, we’re alone. Because I survived, I was one of the lucky ones. Why is it so hard to articulate love, yet so easy to express disappointment?
Sunday Adelaja|One destructive mind-set that must be altered in our society is the thought that work is a curse. Some people advocate that if you are truly blessed you don’t need to work hard. Because as they say “the race is not to the swift”, I even had statements like “a day of favour is better than a thousand years of labour”. To make things worse, this type of teachings are actually coming from our pulpits. We call ourselves Protestants, but we have totally departed from the teachings of the early Protestants. Martin Luther, John Wesley and John Calvin would turn in their graves, if they hear the kind of teachings we are now feeding the people of God with.
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|It might, or it might not. There's two opinons to go settling that point. But suppose it was truth double strong, it were no truth to me if I couldna take it in. I daresay there's truth in yon Latin book on your shelves; but it's gibberish and not truth to me unless I know the meaning o' the words.
Ann Brasco|when a child is ridiculed, shamed, hurt or ignored when she experiences and expresses a legitimate dependency need, she will later be inclined to attach those same affective tones to her dependency. Thus, she will experience her own (and perhaps others’) dependency as ridiculous, shameful, painful, or denied. - Dependency in the Treatment of complex PTSD and Dissociative Disorders 2001Authors: Kathy Steele, Onno van der Hart, Ellert R. S. Nijenhuis
C.S. Lewis|We do not want merely to see beauty... we want something else which can hardly be put into words- to be united with the beauty we see, to pass into it, to receive it into ourselves, to bathe in it, to become part of it. That is why we have peopled air and earth and water with gods and goddesses, and nymphs and elves.
Lissa Price, Starters|I knew that feeling, the sense of panic that stretched time, turning seconds into years, and the deep pain that came from being hurt by not one person but many, a gang of bullies that expanded into a neighborhood and then into a community, until you questioned the whole world. And your last thought, as you stretch your arm until your fingers are inches from that lifeline, is how if you survive, you'll find a way to help fix what was broken, so you can say that yes, you want to be part of the world again.
Stephen King|So long as governments set the example of killing their enemies, private individuals will occasionally kill theirs.
M.F.K. Fisher, The Art of Eating|There are very few men and women, I suspect, who cooked and marketed their way through the past war without losing forever some of the nonchalant extravagance of the Twenties. They will feel, until their final days on earth, a kind of culinary caution: butter, no matter how unlimited, is a precious substance not lightly to be wasted; meats, too, and eggs, and all the far-brought spices of the world, take on a new significance, having once been so rare. And that is good, for there can be no more shameful carelessness than with the food we eat for life itself When we exist without thought or thanksgiving we are not men, but beasts.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Concentrate on the road ahead, not on the road behind!
Lao Tzu|To lead people, you must follow behind.
Paul    Watson|If you spend your life on a moral hill-top, you see nothing but the mud below. If, like me, you live in the mud itself, you get a damned good view of clear blue sky and clean green hills above. There's none so evil-minded as those with a moral mission, and none so pure in heart as the depraved.
Nancy Gibbs|Profound subject matter can be encompassed in small space - for proof, look at any sonnet by Shakespeare!
Matthew Kelly, Rediscovering Catholicism: Journeying Toward Our Spiritual North Star|Jesus clearly viewed children as precious - and that if he loved kids enough to say that adults should be more like them, we should spend more time loving them too.
Christina Baker Kline, Orphan Train|The ceremony was fast so we wouldn't be caught. When it was over, the men all whispered 'Mazel tov' and climbed back onto their shelves. I went up to the boy and pressed the wooden horse into his hands, the only present I could give him. The boy looked at me with big, round eyes. Had I ever been so young? 'We are alive,' I told him. 'We are alive, and that is all that matters. We cannot let them tear us from the pages of the world.'I said it as much for me as for him. I said it in memory of Uncle Moshe, and my mother and father, and my aunts and other uncles and cousins. The Nazis had put me in a gas chamber. I had thought I was dead, but I was alive. I was a new man that day, just like the bar mitzvah boy. I was a new man, and I was going to survive.
Alex Haley|There are several issues why we are opposed to bauxite mining in Visakhapatnam agency region, like environmental pollution, threat to rivers, and tourism.
Tad Williams, The Dragonbone Chair|A wolf is clever-clever-clever, and they are as faithful as a debt unpaid.
Lauren Baratz-Logsted, How Nancy Drew Saved My Life|Actually, I was beginning to think that even I should be able to solve .153847 mysteries. It was the 38 part, I suspected, that would be the problem.
Kelly Easton, The Life History of a Star|My daddy has a chain five miles long, on each link a heart for a lover he has lost.
Rebecca Solnit, Wanderlust: A History of Walking|Suddenly I came out of my thoughts to notice everything around me again-the catkins on the willows, the lapping of the water, the leafy patterns of the shadows across the path. And then myself, walking with the alignment that only comes after miles, the loose diagonal rhythm of arms swinging in synchronization with legs in a body that felt long and stretched out, almost as sinuous as a snake…when you give yourself to places, they give you yourself back; the more one comes to know them, the more one seeds them with the invisible crop of memories and associations that will be waiting for when you come back, while new places offer up new thoughts, new possibilities. Exploring the world is one the best ways of exploring the mind, and walking travels both terrains.
Roger Lea MacBride, In the Land of the Big Red Apple|Read the best books first, otherwise you’ll find you do not have time. - Henry David Thoreau
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Walk with me for a while, my friend—you in my shoes, I in yours—and then let us talk.
Alida Nugent, You Don't Have to Like Me: Essays on Growing Up, Speaking Out, and Finding Feminism|Well. If you are worried about the effects of feminism and you are a man, it's probably because you are worried that men will start to be treated like women have been treated since the dawn of time. By this I mean worse, which makes you nervous, no doubt.
Isaac Asimov, I, Robot|Self-knowledge liberates us from the frustration of ignorance, while simultaneously nurturing and supporting our capacity for intelligence. Objectivity
Arthur Brisbane|Why, sir, in the beginning we appointed all our worst generals to command the armies, and all our best generals to edit the newspapers. As you know, I have planned some campaigns and quite a number of battles. I have given the work all the care and thought I could, and sometimes, when my plans were completed, as far as I could see, they seemed to be perfect. But when I have fought them through, I have discovered defects and occasionally wondered I did not see some of the defects in advance. When it was all over, I found by reading a newspaper that these best editor generals saw all the defects plainly from the start. Unfortunately, they did not communicate their knowledge to me until it was too late.” Then, after a pause, he added, with a beautiful, grave expression I can never forget: “I have no ambition but to serve the Confederacy, and do all I can to win our independence. I an willing to serve in any capacity to which the authorities may assign me. I have done the best I could in the field, and have not succeeded as I could wish. I am willing to yield my place to these best generals, and I will do my best for the cause in editing a newspaper.”In the same strain he once remarked to one of his generals: “Even as poor a soldier as I am can generally discover mistakes after it is all over. But if I could only induce these wise gentlemen who see them so clearly beforehand to communicate with me in advance, instead of waiting until the evil has come upon us, to let me know that they knew all the time, it would be far better for my reputation, and (what is of more consequence) far better for the cause.
Leigh Bardugo, Ruin and Rising|I was not boy crazy. Really, I wasn't. But I was lonely, I guess.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With the grace of hopeful heart, you can overcome emotional shocks.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Beautiful and Damned|With a gentle pressure, our lips met. His hands slipped more firmly about me, and I held myself back, not afraid, but wanting to feel everything slowly as I leaned in, tasting the wine on him, feeling the warmth of his body pressing into mine, breathing in our scents that were mingling and changing with the warmth. My hands rose to find his hair, and I relaxed into him as the silky strands brushed through my fingers. I wanted more, and I leaned into him as our lips moved against each other.
Chelsea Lynn Charters, The Gossip Web|No, it's okay. It was just … weird. No one has ever called me hot before.”“Really?” Trace frowned. “Well, that changes right now.” He ceased walking, stopping in the dead center of the pathway and reached for my hands. “Jade Cannon, you are totally hot!” Trace announced loudly, and people nearby stopped to stare at us after his outburst. I couldn't help but laugh.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|In heaven I’ll wish with all my heart that I could reclaim a thousandth part of the time I’ve let slip through my fingers, that I could call back those countless conversations which could have glorified my Lord—but didn’t.
Rebecca McNutt, Danvers: The Reckoning|But that's life, I suppose. You're born good, and over time it gets drilled out of you. Doesn't matter how much good you do in the world, you'll always end up hurt by others, and eventually it all becomes too much to take.
Saaif A|When you have deep insights about someone, you are being very matured by trying to help this person to fulfill his or her potentials by having a deep understanding about his or her strengths and weaknesses.
Debasish Mridha|You can listen to the secrets of lifein the silence of night,in the voice of the ocean,in the beating of your heart.Just listen with your soul.
David Eagleman, Sum: Forty Tales from the Afterlives|Among all the creatures of creation, the gods favor us: We are the only ones who can empathize with their problems.
Julie Eshbaugh, Ivory and Bone|And so it was said "tell me your lies and I will help you keep them"And by wisdom attained it was realized that this was not the way. And so it was said "tell me your lies and I will help you heal them in truth without repercussion or judgement; in understanding, compassion and forgiveness.
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|I'm all alone, but I'm not lonely.
Anne Rice|I was good and bad, but never wicked.
Brian O'Driscoll|I like Barack Obama as a person. He's articulate, he knows sports, his brother-in-law's a coach. He always has the athletes to the White House. But I don't know about some of his policies and some of these people in Congress.
litymunshi|absolute equality not possible . what is possible ,we can honour the qualities in each person .that would reduce this gap
Nick Hornby, About a Boy|It struck him that how you spent Christmas was a message to the world about where you were in life, some indication of how deep a hole you had managed to burrow for yourself
Sukant Ratnakar, Open The Windows: To the World around You|Why is it that we are happy to see change of system happening in movies but, when it comes to real life, we are afraid of it. Are we a Box Office Democracy?
Richie Tankersley Cusick, Teacher's Pet|I hear you're quite the writer. Quite the teacher's pet.""I... I don't know what you mean.""No? Then maybe you're in for a surprise. And maybe it won't be a nice one."Kate heard her voice lashing out, braver than she felt."I don't know what you're talking about. But nothing that pertains to me is any of your business.'The match hissed again. She saw his black, black eyes flickering."You're right. How inconsiderate of me."Shaken, Kate willed her feet to move her forward."You should be more careful," Pearce said. "Anyone could find your key. Anyone could get into your cabin."Kate whirled to face him. "I have a roommate. I'm not alone.""A roommate?" And he sounded like he was smiling... a dark strange smile as if she'd said something particularly funny. "If someone wanted to get you," Pearce said slowly, and another match went out, "a roommate wouldn't stop them. They'd just get you. Wouldn't they?
Stephanie Lahart|Dare to be different. Dare to accept yourself for who YOU are. Dare to live your life without limits. Dare to follow YOUR dreams. Dare to explore, experience, and make mistakes. Dare to live your life without being afraid. Live, learn, and grow. It’s your life! Make every decision that you make count for something. Always know your value as a person and don’t allow anybody to make you feel anything different. You may have to stand alone at times, but don’t be dismayed. There’s something special about you! Allow yourself to shine and dare to do the unknown.
Jenny Han, The Summer I Turned Pretty|Why is it that you still beguile me –As wind, stone, bird – and all the likes? Why is that you smile on me – With sudden summer lightning strikes?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Mistakes are experiences. Without these experiences, there is no learning.
Donna Brazile|2013 was a year of myths falling apart. The myth of President Obama - a myth in which Obama was a messianic figure descending to bequeath health care, equality, and brotherhood on mankind - imploded. The myth of an America embracing the leftist social agenda collapsed.
Carson Kressley|I love Motown, that whole era. Marvin Gaye, Smokey Robinson. I just put on Pandora, and put it on Motown, and it makes me smile; makes me smile so much.
Svetlana Chmakova, Brave|If they're friends, then they've got your back . . . whether you're there or not. Friends won't "forget" about you.
Gugu Mona|When both partners strive for a marriage that honours and pleases God, they can be assured of an everlasting joy and peace.
Stephanie Ware|The neurologist had dismissed her case after a single visit, handing out an easy nostrum by telling her father that if she continued to write poetry, she would be all right.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|The real world is oftentimes different from what you expect it to be, what you think it to be, and what people might say it to be.
Norman Mailer, The Castle in the Forest|It is always the best policy to speak the truth, unless, of course, you are an exceptionally good liar.
Christina Engela, Space Sucks!|If the road to hell is paved with good intentions, compromises on principles are the street lights
A.E. Housman, A Shropshire Lad|You smile upon your friend to-day,To-day his ills are over;You hearken to the lover's say,And happy is the lover.'Tis late to hearken, late to smile, But better late than never:I shall have lived a little whileBefore I die for ever.
Brittany L. Engels, Rompita Kero, Healing for the Broken Heart|I have found that it's not so much how you start, but how you finish that counts." -Declan
George R.R. Martin, A Clash of Kings|This is God's world, so everything, even if it intends to efface God, bears witness to God – understood and interpreted through biblical eyeglasses.
Anita Diamant, The Red Tent|You are not only fighting for your own rights, you are also fighting for the rights of the next generations of women.Your strength today will determine their fate tomorrow.
Michael R. Fletcher|Trust your fears. When a quiet voice whispers, "you are being used", listen. Ignore your baser desires.
Ice-T, Ice: A Memoir of Gangster Life and Redemption-from South Central to Hollywood|That's one of the first things that comes out of young people's mouths when they're in love. FOREVER. And that's cool, it's all good-until you get old enough to realize what forever is.
Kristin Hannah, Distant Shores|Hey, Meg," she said without preamble. I need you to write a letter of recommendation for me. I'm applying for grad sc
Renata Adler, Speedboat|Waiting for a hot pocket to cook we’d fuck and be satisfied, barefoot on new york city apartment linoleum. A satisfying hot pocket and a big ass smile and a tight ass grip and a wall beside a random pipe beside the stove where we left palm and dick prints. We fucked like this. Three condoms in an hour and a half and where are you now? Holding the hand of some local dude you wish was a little more international, wishing you had known I was enough and asked me to stay. You are standing in the kitchen waiting for popcorn to pop while he washes dishes, not knowing I’m wishing back for you.
Susie Larson, Embracing Your Freedom: A Personal Experience of God's Heart for Justice|Our witness is only as strong as our freedom is real. We can have the most noble convictions in the world, but if we are snarky and impatient when we don't get our way, those things will interfere with our influence. If we gossip more than we pray, those misspoken words will demolish our influence. If our addictions get in the way of living out our convictions, we'll have mostly a negative influence.
D. P . Hall|Since I neither want not can influence the events of the world, my mission is to preserve the internal integrity and equilibrium of my mind; that will be in which the manor in which I recover the purity of the original act; I shall be my own citadel, and to it I shall retire to protect myself against a hostile and corrupt world. I shall be my own citadel and, within it, my own and only citizen.
Michael G.  Williams, Tooth & Nail|She didn't tear him a whole new one for having fucked up the scene by walking all over it so much as she pointed out where, exactly, the new one would be torn if he messed it up again.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, Mirror|By taking control of the present, you are choosing to alter the past you are making for yourself, and your future too.
Debasish Mridha|Richness is not in wealth or earning capability, but it is in your perception.
Emma Watson|If a June night could talk, it would probably boast it invented romance.
Rainer Maria Rilke|Once the realization is accepted that even between the closest human beings infinite distances continue, a wonderful living side by side can grow, if they succeed in loving the distance between them which makes it possible for each to see the other whole against the sky.
Katie Reus, Shattered Duty|You’re going to do great,” Lizzy said as they reached the mini Tiki bar. The air was cool in the high fifties and the scent of various meats on the grill filled the air. Even though they’d had the party catered, apparently Grant had insisted on grilling some things himself. “I wouldn’t have recommended you apply for it otherwise.”Athena ducked behind the bar and grinned at the array of bottles and other garnishes. She’d been friends with Lizzy the past couple months and knew her friend’s tastes by now. As she started mixing up their drinks she said, “If I fail, hopefully they won’t blame you.”Lizzy just snorted but eyed the drink mix curiously. “Purple?”“Just wait. You’ll like it.” She rolled the rims of the martini glasses in sugar as she spoke.“Where’d you learn to do this?”“I bartended a little in college and there were a few occasions on the job where I had to assist because staff called out sick for an event.” There’d been a huge festival in Madrid she’d helped out with a year ago where three of the staff had gotten food poisoning, so in addition to everything else she’d been in charge of, she’d had to help with drinks on and off. That had been such a chaotic, ridiculous job.“At least you’ll have something to fall back on if you do fail,” Lizzy teased.“I seriously hope not.” She set the two glasses on the bar and strained the purple concoction into them. With the twinkle lights strung up around the lanai and the ones glittering in the pool, the sugar seemed to sparkle around the rim. “This is called a wildcat.”“You have to make me one of those too!” The unfamiliar female voice made Athena look up.Her eyes widened as her gaze locked with Quinn freaking Brody, the too-sexy-man with an aversion to virgins. He was with the tall woman who’d just asked Athena to make a drink. But she had eyes only for Quinn. Her heart about jumped out of her chest. What was he doing here of all places? At least he looked just as surprised to see her.She ignored him because she knew if she stared into those dark eyes she’d lose the ability to speak and then she’d inevitably embarrass herself.The tall, built-like-a-goddess woman with pale blonde hair he was with smiled widely at Athena. “Only if you don’t mind,” she continued, nodding at the drinks. “They look so good.”“Ah, you can have this one. I made an extra for the lush here.” She tilted her head at Lizzy with a half-smile. Athena had planned to drink the second one herself but didn’t trust her hands not to shake if she made another. She couldn’t believe Quinn was standing right in front of her, looking all casual and annoyingly sexy in dark jeans and a long-sleeved sweater shoved up to his elbows. Why did his forearms have to look so good?“Ha, ha.” Lizzy snagged her drink as Athena stepped out from behind the bar. “Athena, this is Quinn Brody and Dominique Castle. They both work for Red Stone but Dominique is almost as new as you.”Forcing a smile on her face, Athena nodded politely at both of them—and tried to ignore the way Quinn was staring at her. She’d had no freaking idea he worked for Red Stone. He looked a bit like a hungry wolf. Just like on their last date—two months ago. When he’d decided she was too much trouble, being a virgin and all. Jackass. “It’s so nice to meet you both.” She did a mental fist pump when her voice sounded normal. “I promised Belle I’d help out inside but I hope to see you both around tonight.” Liar, liar.“Me too. Thanks again for the drink,” Dominique said cheerfully while Lizzy just gave Athena a strange look.Athena wasn’t sure what Quinn’s expression was because she’d decided to do the mature thing—and studiously ignore him.
Adam Shaughnessy|Don't get me wrong. It's a lovely idea. It's very romantic. 'Just believe' and you can experience magic. It's why grandmothers the world over knit the word Believe into blankets for their grandchildren." His elbows resting on the arms of his chair, Mister Fox waved his hands in a vague, circular gesture. "There's just one little problem. It's completely wrong. It's backward. When you believe in something, you stop questioning it. You stop looking for answers and ignore other possibilities. Only minds that are truly open to possibility can see magic. It's people who aren't sure - of themselves, of the world, of their place in the world - who can see and experience magic.
Natsuki Takaya, Fruits Basket, Vol. 1|It takes just as much training to get along with people. Only, training by yourself in the mountains won't do you any good. You need to surround yourself with others. As you get to know them, of course you take the chance that you'll end up hurting them, or they'll end up hurting you. One of those things might very well happen. That's the only way we learn... about others, and about ourselves.
gagabriel|He wanted to toast mad idealism, forbidden desires, the dreams that drove one to criminal acts. He wanted, quite starkly, oblivion.
Keith Blakemore-Noble|Confidence is not "They will like me". Confidence is "I’ll be fine even if they don’t
Sunday Adelaja|Potency is defined as a hidden opportunity, ability, strength, being able to display itself in certain conditions
Jane Austen, Mansfield Park|I should wish to see them very good friends, and would, on no account, authorize in my girls the smallest degree of arrogance towards their relations; but still they cannot be equals.” (10)
André Breton|Those bitter sorrows of childhood!-- when sorrow is all new and strange, when hope has not yet got wings to fly beyond the days and weeks, and the space from summer to summer seems measureless.
Dan Chaon, Stay Awake|She stooped for a stone and dropped it down.'Fancy being where that is now,' she said, peering into the blackness; 'fancy going round and round like a mouse in a pail, clutching at the slimy sides, with the water filling your mouth, and looking up to the little patch of sky above.''You had better come in,' said Benson, very quietly. 'You are developing a taste for the morbid and horrible.' ("The Well")
Idries Shah, Caravan of Dreams|Much smoke has been seen, and caused great fear of fire — even when no fire ensued.
N.T. Wright, Simply Christian: Why Christianity Makes Sense|The church exists primarily for two closely correlated purposes: to worship God and to work for his kingdom in the world ... The church also exists for a third purpose, which serves the other two: to encourage one another, to build one another up in faith, to pray with and for one another, to learn from one another and teach one another, and to set one another examples to follow, challenges to take up, and urgent tasks to perform. This is all part of what is known loosely as fellowship.
Edgar Mitchell|Science is knowledge arranged and classified according to truth, facts, and the general laws of nature.
Brooke Hayward, Haywire|I contemplated the phone for some time. Never had I heard her so oddly gay and forthright; as a matter of fact, we hadn't discussed sex since adolescence. Her entire inner life was secretive and mysterious, and no one dared violate it. She sent out powerful "No Trespassing" signals and I had learned to honor them. It crossed my mind that my sister was drunk.
Christy Turlington|The three great essentials to achieve anything worth while are: Hard work, Stick-to-itiveness, and Common sense.
Jury Nel|In the grand scheme of life, nobody grows old keeping their soul unblemished.
Menachem Begin|If you want to be a voice for peace in the world, begin by making peace a permanent condition of your own life.
Kami Garcia, Beautiful Redemption|Some delightful inscriptions are found in second-hand books. One, the most famous of all, may be found in every bookshop in the nation, repeated in a thousand and one volumes with only a single change of phrase in each. It is this: '______, with love from Momma.
Charles Maurice de Talleyrand-Périgord|We cannot all write like Lincoln or Shakespeare, but even the least gifted of us has the incredible instrument, our voice, to communicate the range of human emotions. Why would we deprive ourselves of that?
Cornell Woolrich, The Fantastic Stories of Cornell Woolrich|Though the object of being a Great Power is to be able to fight a Great War, the only way of remaining a Great Power is not to fight one.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Philosophic questions are attempts to understand the root nature of reality, existence, and knowledge.
Melody Carlson, Just Another Girl|While Owen and Miles talk sports, I people watch. And this is what I see: teenagers trying to act like adults. Or how they think adults act. But mostly they look ridiculous, and I wonder what they don't want to do something that's more fun than drinking, smoking, flirting, and making out. Why are those activities considered to be fun?
Michelle Forbes|I've never followed a vegan or vegetarian diet in the past, but I think I could do it. It would not be easy. I have worked with nutritionists who have said a vegan diet is not necessarily all positive for your health, because you need nutrients you only find in meats. I believe in a balanced diet.
Simon Cowell|Happiness is an attitude of mind, born of the simple determination to be happy under all outward circumstances.
Marisha Pessl, Night Film|If I learned anything about her it was that she lived with a vehemence most of us never have the courage for." Banks tells me. "But there was something about her that precluded an ordinary existence. In some ways, I'm not surprised she's dead. A job, husband, kids, a beach house? That wasn't her. I can't explain why, except she was more like a force that whipped through life, defying logic, scaring you, even hurting you because she was everything you wanted to be, but you knew you'd never have the guts - and then she was gone. That was my experience with Ashley Cordova.
Stephen King, The Dark Half|He sometimes believed that the compulsion to make fiction was no more than a bulwark against confusion, maybe even insanity. It was a desperate imposition of order by people able to find that precious stuff only in their minds . . . never in their hearts.
Blake Lively|I always shoot my movies with score as certainly part of the dialogue. Music is dialogue. People don't think about it that way, but music is actually dialogue. And sometimes music is the final, finished, additional dialogue. Music can be one of the final characters in the film.
Scott Stabile|Thanks, Clementine. See what I mean? Sometimes you have to figure out the problem before you can figure out the solution.
Dyota Narotama|When DEATH stares in our faces..We can just 'stare' back at it!'All' falls flat in the deathly moments! No explanations, no reasons, no justifications sound good enough!! Acceptance alone stands out as the truth!
Thich Nhat Hanh|Throughout history, only a small number of people have done the serious thinking for everybody.
A.E. Housman, More Poems|Life, to be sure, is nothing much to lose,But young men think it is, and we were young.
Marianne Williamson|Like everybody else, I've had relationships in which I was passionately in love but was completely miserable all the time and didn't trust the person I was in love with one inch.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|I don't dream. Come to think of it, i haven't had any dreams in a long time.
Sonia Sotomayor|So is civil society prepared for the future? Probably not. Most organisations have to live hand to mouth, juggling short-term funding and perpetual minor crises. Even the bigger ones rarely get much time to stand back and look at the bigger picture. Many are on a treadmill chasing after contracts and new funding.
Walt Whitman, Selected Poems|When the full-grown poet came,Out spake pleased Nature (the round impassive globe, with all its shows of day and night,) saying, He is mine;But out spake too the Soul of man, proud, jealous and unreconciled, Nay, he is mine alone;— Then the full-grown poet stood between the two, and took each by the hand;And to-day and ever so stands, as blender, uniter, tightly holding hands,Which he will never release until he reconciles the two,And wholly and joyously blends them.
William Styron|A great book should leave you with many experiences, and slightly exhausted. You should live several lives while reading it." -- William Styron (born June 11 1925)
Stephen Fry|It’s the strangest thing about this church - it is obsessed with sex, absolutely obsessed. Now, they will say we, with our permissive society and rude jokes, are obsessed. No. We have a healthy attitude. We like it, it’s fun, it’s jolly; because it’s a primary impulse it can be dangerous and dark and difficult. It’s a bit like food in that respect, only even more exciting. The only people who are obsessed with food are anorexics and the morbidly obese, and that in erotic terms is the Catholic Church in a nutshell.
Newt Gingrich|I think women have an innate ability to be intuitive with people that they truly love, but they have to trust that inner voice, and I think it is there. I think we are more intuitive than men.
Abha Maryada Banerjee, Nucleus: Power Women: Lead from the Core|It’s mostly during times of wilderness experience, that people are willing to accept the lessonsthat wisdom teaches
Aaron Patzer|When I left Apple, it had $2 billion of cash. It was the most profitable computer company in the world - not just personal computers - and Apple was the number one selling computer.
Ao Jyumonji, Grimgar of Fantasy and Ash: Volume 1|I ought to get some shut-eye. All this thinking isn't doing me any good. Something good might happen tomorrow, anyway. Today's over now. I can't do anything about that. Tomorrow's what's important now. What will I do tomorrow?
Milan Kundera, Laughable Loves|Yes, it's a well-known fact about you: you're like death, you take everything.
William Steig, The Real Thief|Inevitability is a comfortable escape for people who don't care for the pain that comes with truth. They convince themselves that they had no hand or say in the matter, that whatever happened could not be stopped no matter what they personally did, and so blame can never be placed upon them.
Marie Kondō|By handling each sentimental item and deciding what to discard, you process your past. If you just stow these things away in a drawer or cardboard box, before you realise it, your past will become a weight that holds you back and keeps you from living in the here and now. Pg.116-117
Charlotte Brontë, The Life of Charlotte Brontë|If we would build on a sure foundation in friendship, we must love our friends for their sakes rather than for our own.
Osunsakin Adewale|Prayer is like a business , the you put in more input the greater the output becomes.
Stephen Emmott, Ten Billion|If you look at the science that describes what is happening on earth today and aren't pessimistic, you don't have the correct data. If you meet people in this unnamed movement and aren't optimistic, you haven't got a heart.
George Bernard Shaw, The Political Madhouse in America and Nearer Home|It’s best to keep America just like that, always in the background, a sort of picture post card which you look at in a weak moment. Like that, you imagine it’s always there waiting for you, unchanged, unspoiled, a big patriotic open space with cows and sheep and tenderhearted men ready to bugger everything in sight, man, woman or beast. It doesn’t exist, America. It’s a name you give to an abstract idea…
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|Occupy your thoughts with purpose and you will be so busy pursuing a meaningful future there will be no time for doubt, chaos and disappointment.
Dean Koontz, The Darkest Evening of the Year|Over the years I've come to appreciate how animals enter our lives prepared to teach and far from being burdened by an inability to speak they have many different ways to communicate. It is up to us to listen more than hear, to look into more than past.
Ricky Williams|In America, now, let us - Christian, Jew, Muslim, agnostic, atheist, wiccan, whatever - fight nativism with the same strength and conviction that we fight terrorism. My faith calls on its followers to love one's enemies. A tall order, that - perhaps the tallest of all.
Anita Roddick|if you don't respect the other person, you're gonna have a lot of trouble. If you don't know how to compromise, you're gonna have a lot of trouble. If you can't talk openly about what goes on between you, you're gonna have a lot of trouble. And if you have different set of values in life, you're gonna have a lot of trouble.Your values must be alike. And the biggest of those values... the belief in the importance of your marriage.
Graham Greene, The Ministry of Fear|He had in those days imagined himself capable of extraordinary heroisms and endurances which would make the girl he loved forget the awkward hands and the spotty chin of adolescence. Everything had seemed possible. One could laugh at daydreams, but so long as you had the capacity to daydream there was a chance that you might develop some of the qualities of which you dreamed. It was like the religious discipline: words however emptily repeated can in time form a habit, a kind of unnoticed sediment at the bottom of the mind, until one day to your own surprise you find yourself acting on the belief you thought you didn't believe in.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The emotional ingredients that sustain long-term relationships are kindness, thoughtfulness, and compassion.
Kami Garcia, Beautiful Creatures|History was a bitch sometimes. You couldn’t change where you were from. But still, you didn’t have to stay there. You didn’t have to stay stuck in the past, like the ladies in the DAR, or the Gatlin Historical Society, or the Sisters. And you didn’t have to accept that things had to be the way they were, like Lena.
Kichiku Neko|God said to him [Eblis], 'You have become proud.' He replied, 'If I had been with you but a moment my pride would have been justified; I have been with you for centuries.
Richelle Mead, Succubus Heat|That thing ruined my favorite T-shirt," complains Mario."Whatever." It’s Marianne’s voice. "You were just looking for a reason to get your shirt off." I try to look around for her, but my neck refuses.
Christopher Hitchens, Hitch-22: A Memoir|I am often described to my irritation as a 'contrarian' and even had the title inflicted on me by the publisher of one of my early books. (At least on that occasion I lived up to the title by ridiculing the word in my introduction to the book's first chapter.) It is actually a pity that our culture doesn't have a good vernacular word for an oppositionist or even for someone who tries to do his own thinking: the word 'dissident' can't be self-conferred because it is really a title of honor that has to be won or earned, while terms like 'gadfly' or 'maverick' are somehow trivial and condescending as well as over-full of self-regard. And I've lost count of the number of memoirs by old comrades or ex-comrades that have titles like 'Against the Stream,' 'Against the Current,' 'Minority of One,' 'Breaking Ranks' and so forth—all of them lending point to Harold Rosenberg's withering remark about 'the herd of independent minds.' Even when I was quite young I disliked being called a 'rebel': it seemed to make the patronizing suggestion that 'questioning authority' was part of a 'phase' through which I would naturally go. On the contrary, I was a relatively well-behaved and well-mannered boy, and chose my battles with some deliberation rather than just thinking with my hormones.
John Flanagan, Halt's Peril|There's a tavern by the docks. He's there most evenings.""Then I'll talk to him tonight," Halt said."You can try. But he's a hard case, Halt. I'm not sure you'll get anything out of him. He's not interested in money. I tried that.""Well, perhaps he'll do it out of the goodness of his heart. I'm sure he'll open up to me," Halt said easily. But Horace noticed a gleam in his eye. He was right: the prospect of having something to do had reawakened Halt's spirits. He had a score to settle, and Horace found himself thinking that it didn't bode well for this Black O'Malley character.Will eyes Halt doubtfully, however. "You think so."Halt smiled at him. "People love talking to me," he said. "I'm an excellent conversationalist and I have a sparkling personality. Ask Horace. I've been bending his ear all the way from Dun Kilty, haven't I?"Horace nodded confirmation. "Talking nonstop all the way, he's been," he said. "Be glad to see him turn all that chatter onto someone else.
Kelly St. Clare, Fantasy of Flight|If you are gonna wear it, you need to own it.
Haile Selassie|When men yield up the privilege of thinking, the last shadow of liberty quits the horizon.
Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching|Thus it is said:The path into the light seems dark,the path forward seems to go back,the direct path seems long,true power seems weak,true purity seems tarnished,true steadfastness seems changeable,true clarity seems obscure,the greatest are seems unsophisticated,the greatest love seems indifferent,the greatest wisdom seems childish.The Tao is nowhere to be found.Yet it nourishes and completes all things.
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|You can FEEL the wave of emotion online when something is about to go viral, good or bad. A scientist I met once mathematically compared internet behavior to swarm behavior seen in starlings or locusts.
Mia Sheridan, Archer's Voice|Far from the maddening crowds,Love leaves a trail;If you take my name, I shall comeLeaving behind all my veils!
Debasish Mridha|To enjoy the beauty and abundance of life, revitalize your life.
Vox Day|The law is too important to be left to the lawyers, to paraphrase Georges Clemenceau about war and generals. We laymen know too little about our Constitution and think too superficially about its influence on the qualities of American life. Civic duty requires more.
Charles Wheelan, Naked Economics: Undressing the Dismal Science|LENIN = "Revolutionary Social Democracy"American Socialists = "Democratic Socialism". What is the difference? The USSR held democratic referendums too; all of which increased the power of the central planners and reduced the individual to nothingness.
Gasmaskman|There were secrets there, the secrets of the ether all mankind is born from; of the blackness that holds our oldest memories captive.
S.A.R.K.|Inside" ChildrenInside each of us are the children we were at each developmental stage. With regard to our creative dreams, these inside children can prevent us from living them by "acting out" in order to try to get our attention. Your inner 5-year-old is not going to patiently wait as you learn intricate metalworking techniques or study impressionist painting. Yet, your inner 10-year-old may be perfectly suited to learn and observe new skills.What's really needed is parenting of these inside children so that we bring them to age-appropriate activities.
Patrick Yee, A Boy Named Harry: The Childhood of Lee Kuan Yew|The very matrix of our ability to love and bond in later life, maternal sensitivity – or lack thereof – also determines cultural tenor.
Debasish Mridha|I am neither moral or immoral. I am amoral, and I express it through my kindness.
Paul Oxton|to treat a human being as an animal - as a mere space-binder - because humans have certain animal propensities, is an error of the same type and grossness as to treat a cube as a surface because it has surface properties.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment|And He will judge and will forgive all, the good and the evil, the wise and the meek . . . And when He has done with all of them, then He will summon us. ‘You too come forth,’ He will say, ‘Come forth ye drunkards, come forth, ye weak ones, come forth, ye children of shame!’ And we shall all come forth, without shame and shall stand before him. And He will say unto us, ‘Ye are swine, made in the Image of the Beast and with his mark; but come ye also!’ And the wise ones and those of understanding will say, ‘Oh Lord, why dost Thou receive these men?’ And He will say, ‘This is why I receive them, oh ye wise, this is why I receive them, oh ye of understanding, that not one of them believed himself to be worthy of this.’ And He will hold out His hands to us and we shall fall down before him . . . and we shall weep . . . and we shall understand all things! Then we shall understand everything! . . . and all will understand
Emma Forrest, Your Voice in My Head|You do it how you can do it, so long as it's getting done, you're okay.
Kristin Hannah|She knew now that no one could be neutral - not anymore - and as afraid as she was of risking Sophie's life, she was suddenly more afraid of letting her daughter grow up in a world where good people did nothing to stop evil, where a good woman could turn her back on a friend in need.
Robert E. Howard|The Lion banner sways and falls in the horror-haunted gloom;A scarlet Dragon rustles by, borne on winds of doom.In heaps the shining horsemen lie, where the thrusting lances break,And deep in the haunted mountains, the lost, black gods awake.Dead hands grope in the shadows, the stars turn pale with fright,For this is the Dragon's Hour, the triumph of Fear and Night.
Anna Akhmatova, The Complete Poems of Anna Akhmatova|I know: yes, no, even I must tear offThe delicate daisy petals.Everyone on earth is destined to feelThe torments of love.
Evander Holyfield|The word courage - God, I love that word. Words are so important to me.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|such wanton, wild, and usual slips/ As are companions noted and most known/ To youth and liberty.
Richard Branson|Life is all about evolution. What looks like a mistake to others has been a milestone in my life. Even if people have betrayed me, even if my heart was broken, even if people misunderstood or judged me, I have learned from these incidents. We are human and we make mistakes, but learning from them is what makes the difference.
Osho, The Secret of Secrets|Man is a question mark . . . and it is a blessing—celebrate it. It is a blessing because only man is a question mark; no dog is, no tree is. The rose bush is beautiful but not as beautiful as man, and the moon is beautiful but not as beautiful as man—because they are unconscious. Only man is consciously on a quest. And how can you be on a quest if you don’t have a question mark in your being?
Mev Puleo, The Struggle Is One: Voices and Visions of Liberation|Theology alone doesn't convine anyone.Only those words which are pregnant with action, theology that is born of suffering, of struggles, of the poor--this theology is a testimony. This theology leads to conversion. (Leonardo Boff, p. 169)
Johnny Depp|When kids hit 1 year old, it's like hanging out with a miniature drunk. You have to hold onto them. They bump into things. They laugh and cry. They urinate. They vomit.
Vivian Vande Velde|Don't," she begged, knowing that surely she was trying his patience, that his kindness would stretch just so far, that if he were truly kind he could never have survived as a vampire.
Paul Levy, Dispelling Wetiko|There is no talking rationally, using logic or facts, with someone under the spell of the psychic epidemic, as their ability to reason and to use discernment has been disabled and distorted in service to the psychic pathogen which they carry.
Claire Cross, Double Trouble|Getting on with her life is important. But right now it may be more important to put the feelings out there, deal with them, and find a way to be okay with all that's happened.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|If you cannot find a reason to be grateful for today, be grateful for you have the sky.
C. Robert Cargill, Dreams and Shadows|It's as if some bored ethereal being is fiddling with the remote control to his imagination, clicking channel after channel without finding anything to capture his interest for very long.
J.K. Rowling|I'm not worried, Harry, said Dumbledore, his voice a little stronger despite the freezing water. I am with you.
Jane Yolen|Jewellery's not a big thing for me. The only thing I wear is a gold cross on a chain that I got for my 21st birthday. You have to take it off every day for filming, but that's the only time I'm not wearing it. You won't find me in rings, bracelets or earrings.
Laurel Coleman, First Winter|The man with the most guns survives the zombie apocalypse, but the man with the most books, locks the door and forgets it ever happened.
Jason Versey|Oh, I was but a wounded BeastOh, I was but a wounded BeastTeeth gnashing from a brutal feastWolfing down with others; consuming every biteEating every poison laid before my sightI dined upon Iniquity’s endless shelfBlindly feeding, greedily…on myselfOh, I was but a wounded BeastExpiring with every taste of yeastBelly puffed and sour with deathA haunting shutter with every breathFull of nothing but vanityDipped in pleasure and tragedy Oh, I was but a wounded BeastAs the West is far from the EastI charted the lust of mine own eyesThus, in my folly…I was sure to dieMy soul knew nothing of sacrificeInstead I danced with every viceOh, I was but a wounded BeastYou found me broken and utterly fleecedNaked, abandoned and truly aloneYou nurtured the wounds to which you sewnYou gave me bread, You sang me a songAnd touched my wounds with a loving balm Oh, I was but a wounded BeastYet, You taught me wisdom’s leashSo I walk with you…dawn through nightQuenched by your fount of love and lightNo darkness, no hate not a selfish boneCan feed this fiend that You’ve atonedOh, I was, but a wounded Beast! ~Jason Neville Versey
Marshall McLuhan, The Medium is the Massage|To love a book is, above all, to love its author: we want to meet him again, we want to spend our days with him.
Scott Adkins|Unless you're living on the street and surviving on a diet of discarded turkey drumsticks, there's no point in being gloomy. We've spent too long trying to cheer ourselves up by spending money on brightly coloured things we don't really need. We've stopped using our imaginations.
Alexia Casale, House of Windows|In fairy tales, monsters exist to be a manifestation of something that we need to understand, not only a problem we need to overcome, but also they need to represent, much like angels represent the beautiful, pure, eternal side of the human spirit, monsters need to represent a more tangible, more mortal side of being human: aging, decay, darkness and so forth. And I believe that monsters originally, when we were cavemen and you know, sitting around a fire, we needed to explain the birth of the sun and the death of the moon and the phases of the moon and rain and thunder. And we invented creatures that made sense of the world: a serpent that ate the sun, a creature that ate the moon, a man in the moon living there, things like that. And as we became more and more sophisticated and created sort of a social structure, the real enigmas started not to be outside. The rain and the thunder were logical now. But the real enigmas became social. All those impulses that we were repressing: cannibalism, murder, these things needed an explanation. The sex drive, the need to hunt, the need to kill, these things then became personified in monsters. Werewolves, vampires, ogres, this and that. I feel that monsters are here in our world to help us understand it. They are an essential part of a fable.
R.L. Mathewson, Tall, Dark & Lonely|They stared at each other for several long minutes hoping the other would give in. Finally she broke. “Fine, will you go in with me then?”	“Will it make you feel better?”	“Yes.”	“Sure thing. The worse thing that could happen is people will think you are carrying my baby. I’m sure it’s perfectly normal for a female teacher to be with her male student at a pharmacy in the middle of the day buying a pregnancy test. What could go wrong?” he asked wryly.
Debasish Mridha|When you're there for others, you're ahead of everyone.
Helen Rowland, A Guide to Men: Being Encore Reflections of a Bachelor Girl|When you see what some girls marry, you realize how they must hate to work for a living.
C.G. Jung, Psychological Types|To be quite accurate, human nature is simply what it is; it has its dark and its light sides. The sum of all colours is grey - light on a dark background or dark on light.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|When you see people smiling, does it give you a sense of connection with them? The law of reciprocity illustrates it is hard to not smile back when someone smiles at you.
Wayne J. Keeley|I do not know who I am, said the wise man, and went his way of knowledge unto the end of days.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|A lot of the situations that we put ourselves in are similar to a cat in a yard full of dogs. We rarely ask ourselves how we got here, (which doesn’t help with the question of how we get out of here), all of which rarely keeps us from finding ourselves in the next yard asking the same questions.
Aung San Suu Kyi|If we all worked on the assumption that what is accepted as true is really true, there would be little hope of advance.
Jules Verne, Around the World in Eighty Days|Why, you are a man of heart!""Sometimes," replied Phileas Fogg, quietly. "When I have the time.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, Tender Is the Night|In my food world, there is no fear or guilt, only joy and balance. So no ingredient is ever off-limits. Rather, all of the recipes here follow my Usually-Sometimes-Rarely philosophy. Notice there is no Never.
Philip José Farmer, The Dark Design|Yet all three animals were keyed to a tenseness of living that was almost painful, and scarcely ever would it come to them to be more alive than they were then in their seeming petrifaction.
Villagers|I waited for something,something died.So I waited for nothing,Nothing arrived.
Louis Sullivan|Architecture is not a profession for the faint-hearted, the weak-willed, or the short-lived.
Mensah Oteh, Wisdom Keys In Words: A collection of the Inspirational words that will change your life|Although failure is a good learning experience, you don’t have to go through life making mistakes if they can be avoided.
Madeleine M. Kunin|Social mores change all the time. In the mid-1970s, it would've been astonishing, say, to see two men holding hands in the streets. And the attitude to having a fling with a girl, or whatever, was quite different then.
A.J. Reid, A Smaller Hell|Gran runs her fingers through my hair, smiling down at me. I'm to weak to reach up and trace her laugh lines, but I trace them with my eyes, thinking of all the years that have gone by between Lucy and I with Gran. All of the memories held in those lines, smiles and laughs. I am touched by the way our generations pass, one to the other, our genes the same yet slightly altered, carrying with us all of those memories.
Neale Donald Walsch|The deepest secret is that life is not a process of discovery, but a process of creation. You are not discovering yourself, but creating yourself anew. Seek therefore, not to find out Who You Are, but seek to determine Who You Want to Be.
Lionel Suggs|Do the new, be the change.
Thomas P. O'Neill|I used to sleep on the floor next to the bed, because I believed that I didn't even deserve a bed to sleep in. And then, one morning, a cockroach crawled onto my leg. I looked at it, and suddenly I awoke from a kind of hypnotic trance in which I had been all my life.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Humanity is defined by its struggles, not doomed by them. It is in the way we endure those struggles that we transcend our lower nature and enter a higher realm.
Jorge Luis Borges, The Library of Babel|Why bad people live in heaven??If there is heaven so do and hell exist??but why bad are heaven and good also??So you have done here something bad and you greeting saying "Bravo..., Bravo... well made!" - WTF???
E.L. Konigsburg, From the Mixed-Up Files of Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler|But lying in bed just before going to sleep is the worst time for organized thinking; it is the best time for free thinking. Ideas drift like clouds in an undecided breeze, taking first this direction and then that.
Isaiah Berlin|It is better to lose everything you have to keep the balance of justice level, than to live a life of petty privilege devoid of true freedom.
Elijah Wood|The human being is in the most literal sense a political animal, not merely a gregarious animal, but an animal which can individuate itself only in the midst of society.
R.A.Delmonico|She and Kennedy both dove for the power connector; Kennedy reached it first and yanked out the connection as Alex landed on her stomach beside it.The air settled down until the fine hairs on her arm no longer stood on end. Alex dropped her forehead to the platform and started laughing. “Just like university, isn’t it?”“Almost—nothing’s actually blown up yet.
Vijay Kedia|In markets, stupid action does not have equal but severe opposite reaction.
Samuel Johnson|All she wanted was love with respect, respect was so important to her, and I could give her that.
Patti Smith, M Train|Beloved angels, watch over me. Walk beside me, lead me, comfort me, enfold me in your divine love.
Junot Díaz, This Is How You Lose Her|Ah, merciless Love, is there any length to which you cannot force the human heart to go?
Jac Jemc, The Grip of It|Who cut him?' Sam liked saying things like 'Who cut him?' It reminded him of being a kid and watching prison movies, which is probably why prisoners talked like that, too.
Deyth Banger|Arturo Bandini was pretty sure that he wouldn't go to hell when he died. The way to hell was the committing of mortal sin. He had committed many, he believed, but the confessional had saved him. He always got to confession on time — that is, before he died. And he knocked on wood whenever he thought of it — he always would get there on time — before he died. So Arturo was pretty sure he wouldn't go to hell when he died. For two reasons. The confessional, and the fact that he was a fast runner.
Avijeet Das|Listening to your heartbeats, I will fall asleep.
John Hagelin Ph.D|There are no higher levels of consciousness, there are only different ways of perceiving things.
Deyth Banger|Welcome in what?In adult world??I know it, people which are not sirious have a lot of money and don't know what to do. Every secret told to someone it's not anymore secured, if somebody know the secret, it's not anymore secret there is possibility somebody else to know from where somebody else...It's really "OMG", the "Nerds" which most people call them do some positive things, the people which people call them cool what they do??Say jokes which are even not funny, but we must laugh, (So far I I don't get the joke?...It's not there the problem, the problem is that it's too stupid to get it, what do I see?)...I see a change made, a stage from not secured to not sirious... People which fight are this which are not secured, people which are soldiers and work in police don't have anything else to do so they decide this to do, but after all when you become such you sign and the contract with the DEAD...
Larry Acquaviva, Nobody Cares Who You Are|Rock It, Read It.
Robbie Thomas, To You from Spirit|If you are not in some way living your life like a Dr. Suess rhyme, than you may in fact be living it wrong.
A.E. Housman|the time will come, my dearwhen I will hold you closeand all will beright againin the world.
Richelle Mead, The Indigo Spell|He was too perfect, despite being one of the most imperfect people I knew.
Red Adair|If you want to connect with people who are in distress and great grief and scared, you need to do it in a certain way. I move kind of slow. I talk kind of slow. I let them know that I respect them.
Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|Beyond the edge of universe,there's a kind of real darkness...where even the light gone astray.
James Gates Percival|Music is one of the most powerful things the world has to offer. No matter what race or religion or nationality or sexual orientation or gender that you are, it has the power to unite us.
Mehmet Murat ildan|You can't possibly know that you're going to be a writer!" Miss Frost said. "It's not a career choice.
Kate Williams, The Storms of War|Your this beautiful ship that will sail a long way, and I'd only be your anchor""A ship without an anchor can never be at rest
Matt Ridley, Genome: the Autobiography of a Species in 23 Chapters|Man is more miserable, more restless and unsatisfied than ever before, simply because half his nature--the spiritual--is starving for true food, and the other half--the material--is fed with bad food.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|Graff had isolated Ender to make him struggle. To make him prove, not that he was competent, but that he was far better than everyone else. That was the only way he could win respect and friendship. It made him a better soldier then he would ever have been otherwise. It also made him lonely, afraid, angry, untrusting. And maybe those traits, too, made him a better soldier.
Ingrid Betancourt|I bring people on stage with me. It's a good time, and people love to join in on the party. Show me a smile, and I'll show you one back.
Simon Reynolds, Retromania: Pop Culture's Addiction to Its Own Past|The danger of restorative nostalgia lies in its belief that the mutilated 'wholeness' of the body politic can be repaired. But the reflective nostalgic understands deep down that loss is irrecoverable: Time wounds all wholes. To exist in Time is to suffer through an endless exile, a successive severing from those precious few moments of feeling at home in the world. In pop terms, Morrissey is the supreme poet of reflective nostalgia.
John Corey Whaley, Where Things Come Back|Dr. Webb says that losing a sibling is oftentimes much harder for a person than losing any other member of the family. "A sibling represents a person's past, present, and future," he says. "Spouses have each other, and even when one eventually dies, they have memories of a time when they existed before that other person and can more readily imagine a life without them. Likewise, parents may have other children to be concerned with--a future to protect for them. To lose a sibling is to lose the one person with whom one shares a lifelong bond that is meant to continue on into the future.
Ursula K. Le Guin, Steering the Craft: Exercises and Discussions on Story Writing for the Lone Navigator or the Mutinous Crew|Writers of literature, if they are real writers, know that their readers are confused about reality and the emotions derived from that reality and are looking for clarity concerning the life that they are engulfed in.
Robert K. Tanenbaum, The Piano Teacher: The True Story of a Psychotic Killer|A government of laws, and not of men.
John Kennedy Toole, A Confederacy of Dunces|Who is this woman, and what has she done with my ever worrying mother?
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|But if it matters to you, you'll be able to choose Gryffindor over Slytherin. The Sorting Hat takes your choice into account.""Really?""It did for me," said Harry.He had never told any of his children that before, and he saw the wonder in Albus's face when he said it.
Debasish Mridha|It is interesting to find that those whom I like, they also like me.
Gawande Atul|He wasn't a patient. I expect someone cured him. You cure a lot of people in this country, don't you, with bullets?
Dada Bhagwan|He who does propaganda for something will become famous about it, and if he remains incognito about it, he will become renowned. The value is for the renowned state and not for that of a famous state.
Preeth Nambiar, The Solitary Shores|Borges's extreme architecture attempts to visualize the universe by assigning to every object real and unreal, now and yet to come, a code or sign, a corresponding figure within the Library. It seeks to render totality visible, to effect a total visibility and visuality. The Library of Babel is a view of the universe inside and out, an X-ray of the universe and universal X-ray, seen from within and without. It is a representation of everywhere: a perfect duplication of the universe. And of you: universal. An endless and eternal cinema, an imaginary archive that extends into the universe until it is indistinguishable from it, until you are indistinguishable from the universe.
S.K. Logsdon, Forever Attraction|I push back against him, meeting his forceful pounds with my eager pu*sy. Riding the razors edge of climactic heaven.
Terry Pratchett, The Wee Free Men|Leaves turned to soil beneath my feet. Thus it is, trees eat themselves.
Sydney J. Harris, The Best of Sydney J. Harris|I am convinced that an immense number of people who have children should not have them, and do not particularly want them, except as "symbols" of family life. What they want are ideal children, not real ones; and as soon as the real ones show no intention of conforming to the ideal in the parent's mind, they are treated as burdens, shipped away to school or otherwise neglected.
Deborah M. Pratt|We’re moving faster with our science and technology than our morals are evolving, we’re going to have to live in the future we create so it is up to us to become responsible for what we’re creating. It is the only way to avoid the probable catastrophes that will face us and our children on the way. We all have to get on the same page if we’re to unify and a species and survive. I hope ‘The Vision Quest’ will help people set positive intentions for their lives and the world we live in, as well as give them some tools to manifest them
Alin Sav|It's not easy, it's just better.
Vironika Tugaleva|To give means to think, every single day, about what you can do to make people happy.
Cora Carmack, Faking It|Each one you take is a commitment. If you break that commitment, the gods of alcohol will punish you with a hangover so bad you'll think Satan himself took a dump on you. -Milo
Kelly    Martin, When Everyone Shines But You - Saying Goodbye To I'm Not Good Enough|Your outer world mirrors your inner world. How you view your outer world is how you view you, your inner world, the 'you' that needs your care, your attention, your compassion and your love.
DaShanne Stokes|Being denied their original birth certificates isn't just a problem for adoptees. It's a social problem, requiring social change.
Ryū Murakami, Audition|People were infected with the concept that happiness was something outside themselves, and a new and powerful form of loneliness was born. Mix loneliness with stress and enervation, and all sorts of madness can occur. Anxiety increases, and in order to obliterate the anxiety, people turn to extreme sex, violence, and even murder.
Charles Yang, The Infinite Gift: How Children Learn and Unlearn the Languages of the World|Universal grammar is about what language is: it is to be distinguished from prescriptive grammars, often distilled in newspaper columns, which tell us what language should be. We are all entitled to our own opinions of what is appropriate, be it in the arrangement of words or flowers - as long as we keep in mind that these are just opinions. The properties of universal grammar linguists have unearthed, however, are a useful defense when language "authorities" try to rationalize their pontifications: none of the don'ts they advertise can be found in the book of universal grammar.
Mark   Russell|Even if it's not appreciated, do your best. Integrity will take you further than acknowledgement.
Gift Gugu Mona|Prayer is a phenomenal tool for power, prudence and prosperity.
James Yeager|Our elders, and our elders’ kin, and their kin before them, fought to keep Sunningrocks in our territory. Many of them lost their lives, giving up their last breath for stones that belong to us. Can we give up where they did not, turn tail and flee when they kept fighting so that their kits could hunt and play and bask on these rocks? Will you fight with me now, in honor of all our elders and all our unborn kits?
Charles Dickens, The Chimes|A new heart for a New Year, always!
Nick Dunn, Dark Matters: A Manifesto for the Nocturnal City|Deep caring about each other's fate does seem to be on the decline, but I do not believe that New Age narcissism is much to blame. The external causes of our moral indifference are a fragmented mass society that leaves us isolated and afraid, an economic system that puts the rights of capital before the rights of people, and a political process that makes citizens into ciphers. These are the forces that allow, even encourage, unbridled competition, social irresponsibility, and the survival of the financially fittest. The executives who brought down the major corporations by taking indecent sums off the top while wage earners of modest means lost their retirement accounts were clearly more influenced by capitalist amorality than by some New Age guru.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Brightly burning passion is the releasing of your essence, your specialness and your gifts to the world.
Sherwin Salinas|...but I like who I became just fine. That's the way life is. We all try to make something out of our lives, and some of us are just luckier than others.
Joanna Mazurkiewicz|It's delicious,’ he announces, chewing my sandwich. 'I would like to stay here forever and die with you in my arms.' 'I don't know. I think it's too cold for forever,' I say, smiling.
Mark Spitz|I am a Piscean, and they have a lovingly detached attitude towards life.
Elizabeth Berg|I knew everything! Yet, I'm still not perfect.
C. JoyBell C.|I have learned, that the person I have to ask for forgiveness from the most is: myself. You must love yourself. You have to forgive yourself, everyday, whenever you remember a shortcoming, a flaw, you have to tell yourself "That's just fine". You have to forgive yourself so much, until you don't even see those things anymore. Because that's what love is like.
Lynn Shelton|I don't remember my first trip, but I do remember when my mom took me to Disney World in Orlando. It wasn't the rides but Epcot Center that most fascinated me. It made me want to see those countries that are represented there for real.
L.L. Barkat|We will need to find people who will provide a safe writing space for us, where criticism comes late and love and delight come early.—from Rumors of Water: Thoughts on Creativity & Writing
Steve Goodier|But the last one: the baby who trails her scent like a flag of surrender through your life when there will be no more coming after - oh, that's love by a different name. She is the babe you hold in your arms for an hour after she's gone to sleep. If you put her down in the crib, she might wake up changed and fly away. So instead you rock by the window, drinking the light from her skin, breathing her exhaled dreams. Your heart bays to the double crescent moons of closed lashes on her cheeks. She's the one you can't put down.
Moffat Machingura, How I Kissed Heartbreak Goodbye|The answer can't be found in books - or be solved by bringing it to other people. Not unless you want to remain a child all your life. You've got to find the answer inside you - feel the right thing to do. Charlie, you've got to learn to trust yourself
Uncle Kracker|You make me smile like the sun, fall out bed, sing like a bird, dizzy in my head. Spin like a record crazy on a sunday night. You make me dance like a fool, forget how to breath, shine like the sun buzz like a bee, just the thought of you can drive me wild. Oh you make me smile. -Uncle Kracker-
Veronica Roth, Divergent|I might be in love with you." He smiles a little. "I'm waiting until I'm sure to tell you, though.
Jaeda DeWalt|They are called, "SELF-worth" and "SELF-esteem" for a reason... we can't let others decide what we are worth, that is so dangerous! Empower yourself!
Ash Gray, The Thieves of Nottica|All their lives they had slaved at some kind of dull, heavy labor, behind desks and counters, in the fields and at tedious machines of all sorts, saving their pennies and dreaming of the leisure that would be theirs when they had enough. Finally that day came. They could draw a weekly income of ten or fifteen dollars. Where else should they go but California, the land of sunshine and oranges? Once there, they discover that sunshine isn’t enough. They get tired of oranges, even of avocado pears and passion fruit. Nothing happens. They don’t know what to do with their time. They haven’t the mental equipment for leisure, the money nor the physical equipment for pleasure. Did they slave so long just to go to an occasional Iowa picnic? What else is there? They watch the waves come in at Venice. There wasn’t any ocean where most of them came from, but after you’ve seen one wave, you’ve seen them all. The same is true of the airplanes at Glendale. If only a plane would crash once in a while so that they could watch the passengers being consumed in a “holocaust of flame,” as the newspapers put it. But the planes never crash. Their boredom becomes more and more terrible. They realize that they’ve been tricked and burn with resentment. Every day of their lives they read the newspapers and went to the movies. Both fed them on lynchings, murder, sex crimes, explosions, wrecks, love nests, fires, miracles, revolutions, wars. Their daily diet made sophisticates of them. The sun is a joke. Oranges can’t titillate their jaded palates. Nothing can ever be violent enough to make taut their slack minds and bodies. They have been cheated and betrayed. They have slaved and saved for nothing.
Max Barry, Machine Man|A peculiarity of the nature of your mind is that, in contrast to your physical constitution (dosha) that is fixed from birth, it can be altered through discrimination and choice.
Ilona Andrews|You want me to go back into that house protected by a magic sticky note?”“Don’t even start,” I told him. “It’s working. If it weren’t working, you couldn’t drag me into that place.”“What did you write on here? ‘Don’t die’?”“No, I wrote, ‘Don’t be an a-hole!’” I headed for the house.“On yours or mine?”“On yours.”“Well, in that case, your magic isn’t working. I’m still an asshole.
C. J. Milbrandt, Meadowsweet|Big changes could come quickly, and he wondered what else might happen to his heart while he wasn't paying attention.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|The blind cannot see, but nothing escapes him. The others can see but them eludes the things the blind can see.
Aminatta Forna, Ancestor Stones|A dread filled me, a dread unlike any I had ever felt. Not the terror of God, or his angels, but the sickly fear of man.
Robin Hobb, Ship of Magic|Some people never have any luck. All at once, as though a thick veil had been whisked aside, he clearly saw the wretchedness―the bottomless, monotonous wretchedness―of his existence. The wretchedness which had been, which was, and which was yet to come. His last days indistinguishable from the first, with nothing ahead of him or behind him or around him, nothing in his heart, nothing anywhere.
Paramahansa Yogananda|It is a curious sensation: the sort of pain that goes mercifully beyond our powers of feeling. When your heart is broken, your boats are burned: nothing matters any more. It is the end of happiness and the beginning of peace.
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|The minute I heard my first love story,I started looking for you, not knowinghow blind that was.Lovers don't finally meet somewhere.They're in each other all along.
alaa zabaneh|One grey hair appeared on my headI plucked it out with my hand.It answered me: "You have prevailed against me alone -What will you do when my army comes after me?
Murray N. Rothbard|They think virtues are man-made, only exist because they exist, but if no human had ever existed, The Virtues would persist for they hold their being from the very Presence of the Adversary Himself.
Enza Vita|Our lives are a divine expression no matter how messy and weird they may be. How much more meaningful can it get? The source is experiencing itself in form in a conscious, awake way.
David Sedaris|All I do is lie, and that has made me immune to compliments.
Alex Steffen|Time is a sort of river of passing events, and strong is its current; no sooner is a thing brought to sight than it is swept by and another takes its place, and this too will be swept away.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail|With true love, you can move mountains, make unusual sacrifices, live a life of deprivations and still be happy.
Barbara W. Tuchman, The Proud Tower: A Portrait of the World Before the War, 1890-1914|Each one of us is serious individually, but together we become frivolous.
Mervyn Peake, Titus Groan|It was not often that Flay approved of happiness in others. He saw in happiness the seeds of independence, and in independence the seeds of revolt. But on an occasion such as this it was different, for the spirit of convention was being rigorously adhered to, and in between his ribs Mr. Flay experienced twinges of pleasure.
Neil Armstrong|Work is love made visible. And if you cannot work with love but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work and sit at the gate of the temple and take alms of those who work with joy.
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|You should be home sleeping. What is the use of having a man in the house, if he cannot take care of you for a while?” “Mmm,” I said. “I give up. What's the use of having a man in the house?
Mehmet Murat ildan|A country where there are no freedoms is a black and white country; it is colorless and lifeless. Such a country needs nothing but colors, nothing but freedoms!
Steven Pressfield, The War of Art: Break Through the Blocks & Win Your Inner Creative Battles|Next morning I went over to Paul’s for coffee and told him I had finished. “Good for you,” he said without looking up. “Start the next one today.
Peprah Boasiako, THE HITMAN: A Short Story|Placing his suitcase on the seat next to him, he unbuttoned his suit jacket, loosened up his necktie and removed his fedora. He kept his custom eye wear on and made himself comfortable, looking more like a Wall Street accountant than the cold killer he'd become...
Abhijit Naskar, Neurons, Oxygen & Nanak|In India, it is religion that forms the very core of the national heart. It is the backbone - the bed-rock - the foundation upon which the national edifice has been built.
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|Percy looked at Coach Hedge and Frank. “A trap?”“Probably,” Frank said. “She’s not mortal,” Hedge said, sniffing the air. “Probably some kind of goat-eating, demigod-destroying fiend from Tartarus.”“No doubt,” Percy agreed. “Awesome.” Hedge grinned. “Let’s go.
Captain Katherine Janeway|Blacker than the night, the wedge penetrated the darkness. An F 117 raced by, the roar from its engines screaming through the interior of the chopper, and then it sliced away a piece of sky and disappeared into the void.-Narrator, Truth Insurrected: The Saint Mary Project
Celia Rivenbark, You Can't Drink All Day If You Don't Start in the Morning|I'm growing fonder of my staff; I'm growing dimmer in my eyes; I'm growing fainter in my laugh; I'm growing deeper in my sighs; I'm growing careless of my dress; I'm growing frugal of my gold; I'm growing wise; I'm growing--yes,-- I'm growing old.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Letters and Papers from Prison|We must learn to regard people less in the light of what they do or omit to do, and more in the light of what they suffer.
Rachel Carson|The question is whether any civilization can wage relentless war on life without destroying itself, and without losing the right to be called civilized.
Aeschylus|Every reiteration of the idea that _nothing matters_ debases the human spirit.Every reiteration of the idea that there is no drama in modern life, there is only dramatization, that there is no tragedy, there is only unexplained misfortune, debases us. It denies what we know to be true. In denying what we know, we are as a nation which cannot remember its dreams--like an unhappy person who cannot remember his dreams and so denies that he does dream, and denies that there are such things as dreams.
Jake Vander-Ark, The Day I Wore Purple|Someday they would discover that the stars were not sacred, but made from the same material as their bodies. They would learn it was the stars that created their worlds, that worlds created their minds, that minds created tools, and tools could create stars. Growing, sprawling, thriving until they too became masters of their own understanding, chasing enlightenment with the fervor of having nothing to lose, launching from their homelands like fireworks with glorious yellow tails.
Alyson Stoner|The 'Night Train' has already been a crazy ride for me. We flew around making TV appearances and stadium announcements all over the country, fueled by little more than coffee and adrenaline... so many fans jumped on board with us, and I couldn't be more thankful.
Fredrik Backman, A Man Called Ove|That one,” Ferox said, pointing at Johann with a claw. “I can see he’s communicated like that before and I think I can speak to his mind. Let me see.”After a moment, Johann broke from the line and approached the dragon.“You did ask me to come closer, didn’t you?” he asked.“Yes, I can speak to this one. He can be my rider.
Malala Yousafzai, I Am Malala: The Story of the Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban|I love my God. I thank my Allah. I talk to him all day. He is the greatest. By giving me this height to reach people, he has also given me great responsibilities. Peace in every home, every street, every village, every country – this is my dream. Education for every boy and every girl in the world. To sit down on a chair and read my books with all my friends at school is my right. To see each and every human being with a smile of happiness is my wish.
Alexis de Tocqueville|The pressures and penalties of existence in the modern capitalist system are intense; and they are penalties not for what is consciously chosen, but for ways of life which are forced like strait-jackets on people. At its superficial level, there is a common feeling of being conned by mass communications, extorted by commerce, lied to by politicians and treated like dirt by bureaucrats.
Annie Dillard|We can stage our own act on the planet-build our cities on its plains, dam its rivers, plant its topsoils-but our meaningful activity scarcely covers the terrain. We do not use the songbirds, for instance. We do not eat many of them; we cannot befriend them; we cannot persuade them to eat more mosquitoes or plant fewer weed seeds. We can only witness them-whoever they are. If we were not here, they would be songbirds falling in the forest. If we were not here, material events like the passage of seasons would lack even the meager meanings we are able to muster for them. The show would play to an empty house, as do all those falling stars which fall in the daytime. That is why I take walks: to keep an eye on things.
Debbie Macomber, Twenty Wishes|As my mom used to say,"If wishes were horses, we'd be up to our eyeballs in shit.
Malcolm Gladwell, David and Goliath: Underdogs, Misfits, and the Art of Battling Giants|Historical definition of a country's borders... "...here's where my murder geography ends and your murder geography begins, at least until I get more murderers to expand my murder-fest.
Kiersten White, Perfect Lies|Our choices are made, our will flexed, in the teeth of events that overwhelm us and devour us.
Anna Lindh|Ardent love or desire introduced, as passionately longing to please and glorify the Divine Being, to be in every respect conformed to him, and in that way to enjoy him.
Dean Koontz, Dead and Alive|Maybe if everything was beautiful, nothing would be.People saw one thing, they swooned over it. They saw this other thing, they pounded it with sticks.Maybe there had to be variety for life to work. Swoon over everything, you get bored. Beat everything with a stick-boring.
Confucius, The Analects|I am not knocking advances that provide a healthier life and alleviate suffering or unnecessary premature death. I am advocating inclusion of education on end-of-life matters and the promotion of understanding, conversation, and planning.
C. JoyBell C.|We must never laugh at the struggle of another, even when it is something that we find to be easy and that we have not struggled with. Because we all have our own individual battles that we all need to work as hard at. Another’s struggle might be easy for you; but stop to think about yours. Is your battle easy? Or was it? No, it wasn’t, it isn’t. Well the other person’s isn’t easy, either. And I think this alone means we all need to give one another a beautiful kind of respect.
Neil Gaiman, Make Good Art|And when things get tough, this is what you should do.Make good art.
Lydia Millet, Sweet Lamb of Heaven|Let God leave us! Let us grow up. Let us walk forward on our own. Because we need the silence of the holy: we need the sacred and equally we need its maddening silence. And in the curious privacy and relief of that silence we can go out into the chaos and commit a thousand acts of minor and gleeful splendor all our own. If it's our tragedy to be left by God, then let it also be our luck.
A. Hudnall|When leaders reframe customers into guests, and results into experiences, profits escalate.
Stewart Lee|I wanted to join Footlights,” he says. “I wanted to be a writer-performer like the Pythons. In fact I wanted to be John Cleese and it took me some time to realise that the job was in fact taken.
Marianne Williamson|There is nothing to find, only to realize. There is nothing to become, only to be. There is nothing to fear, only to love.
John Knowles|Just because you knew it, doesn't mean you must reveal it. There are circumstances in life that should remain as secrets.
Davis Miller, Approaching Ali: A Reclamation in Three Acts|When I was 30, I used to wonder when I was going to quit playing. Use disorder worry about it. Now, I know I'm never going to quit.
Jacqueline Carey, Kushiel's Chosen|Lady Bracknell. Good afternoon, dear Algernon, I hope you are behaving very well.Algernon. I’m feeling very well, Aunt Augusta.Lady Bracknell. That’s not quite the same thing. In fact the two things rarely go together.
Hina Hashmi, Your Life A Practical Guide to Happiness Peace and Fulfilment|Are you a clairvoyant? A fortune-teller? If not, why anticipate the worst for yourself? Past does not equal the future, so why not think big and positive?
Rob  Bell, The Hinge: The Importance of Mental Toughness|The best team does not always win, it's the team that plays the best.
Anthony Liccione|Don't make prayer a consistent battle, but rather constantly pray against life's battles.
Louis Faurer|Original art emanates in the mind ... and lessons society's confusion from self indulgence, avarice and greed to trust, hope and love.
Thomas Paine|If karma doesn't catch up, God will surely pick up the slack.
Kat Graham|Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined.
Dada Bhagwan|Whole world is not looking for religion, it is looking for its own safe side.
Nicholas Sparks|She wondered when her daughter would realise that for the most part, people weren't that different. Young and old, male or female, pretty much everyone she knew wanted the same things: The wanted to feel peace in their hearts, they wanted a life without turmoil, they wanted to be happy. The difference, she thought, was that most young people seemed to think that those things lay somewhere in the future. While most older people believed that they lay in the past.
Godfrey Reggio|In today's world, it is no longer unimaginable to think that business can operate - and even thrive - in an environmentally-friendly manner.
Auliq Ice|In regards to life goals, you need to think about where you are now, and plot out where you want to be a year from now, two years from now, and then five years from now.
Celia McMahon, Skye|The difference between my beliefs and having a religious faith is that I am prepared to change my views in light of new evidence, but someone of a religious faith will just stick their fingers in the ears and say: 'I'm not listening, there's nothing you can say that will make me change my mind.
Don Marquis|If a child shows himself to be incorrigible, he should be decently and quietly beheaded at the age of twelve, lest he grow to maturity, marry, and perpetuate his kind.
Archibald MacLeish|A real writer learns from earlier writers the way a boy learns from an apple orchard -- by stealing what he has a taste for, and can carry off
C.S. Richardson, The Emperor of Paris|He ached for creation. For life to somehow rise from the drawings in his sketching book. For his own energy, his own impressions to swirl and spin on a canvas. For a dream city he had tacked above his bed.
Samantha Shannon, The Song Rising|War has often been called a game, with good reason. Both have combatants. Both have sides. Both carry the risk of losing.
Kamand Kojouri|I don’t know why everyoneis still trying to find out whether heaven and hell exist.Why do we need more evidence?They exist here on this very Earth.Heaven is standing atop Mount Qasiounoverlooking the Damascene sightswith the wind carrying Qabbani’sdulcet words all around you.And hell is only four hours away in Aleppo where children’s cries drown out the explosions of mortar bombsuntil they lose their voice,their families, and their limbs.Yes, hell certainly does existright now, at this moment,as I pen this poem. And all we’re doingto extinguish this hellfireis sighing, shrugging, liking, and sharing.Tell me: what exactly does that makeus? Are we any better than the gatekeepers of hell?
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|When the Christian brings the standards of Jesus Christ to bear upon life in a material and secular world, it is often resented. Because the moral and spiritual demands of Jesus Christ are so high, they often set the Christian “apart.
Deyth Banger|Don't be an idiot - Idiots repeat as for my opinion to repeat is a useless process better check out one book it's not possible to learn everything and use everything it's insane. But you can do one thing, focus on the important stuff which have impressed you, use them - delete the book, make an essay and think on this few days you can think and check out some other books, videos and so on and so on... If you didn't get it, okay then listen again until you get it... It's imporntant to don't repeat and to understand it!
Charles Whibley, American Sketches|Sometimes, from beyond the skycrapers, the cry of a tugboat finds you in your insomnia, and you remember that this desert of iron and cement is an island.
Shelly Crane, Consume|But I couldn’t leave Hunter alone in the house, and I would’ve felt terrible if I’d asked Eric to go out in the woods by himself, even though I knew he wouldn’t think anything about it. In fact, probably he’d have sent Pam.
Winston Groom, Forrest Gump|Bubba then grabbed a hold of my leg and his eyes got all cloudy and that terrible pink sky seem to drain all the colour in his face. He was trying to say something, and so I bent over real close to hear what it was. But I never could make it out. So I asked the medic, ' You hear what he say?' And the medic say, 'Home. He said, home.' Bubba, he died, and that's all I got to say about that.
Ellen Goodman|We are told that people stay in love because of chemistry, or because they remain intrigued with each other, because of many kindnesses, because of luck. But part of it has got to be forgiveness and gratefulness. 
Tun Teja|The arrogance of the human mind is too fragile, as well as the patience of the human character. It is because of that, they fail to see the power of mere observation and systematic analysis.
J. Cole|The more you are positive and say, 'I want to have a good life,' the more you build that reality for yourself by creating the life that you want.
Richard Proenneke, One Man's Wilderness: An Alaskan Odyssey|Smoking had become my favorite thing in the world to do. It was like having instant comfort, no matter where or when.
Nutan Bajracharya|Am I not fit to this world or people around of me not fit for me, arguable...without proper answer. Everyone had their logic, explanations, clarifications, examples but here also not solution. But the person himself/herself at least can figure out what's right and what's wrong. Then also there is no solution until he or she admitted that he or she is wrong. Admitting own mistake is hard to find because of so called pride. It's life you have to face everything here without solution, and the last thought is, all the problems solution will be after death only. It's the fact of the life.
Criss Jami, Diotima, Battery, Electric Personality|When you're the only sane person, you look like the only insane person.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Consistently turning up for meetings late, is a statement saying you have no respect for the person you are meeting or for the purpose of the meeting, or both. You are sending a clear message that this person or the reason for your meeting is not important to you.
Frank Wanderer|First and most importantly, death is just the absence of life—oh, and for human beings, the absence of consciousness, too, but not just the absence of consciousness, the absence of the capacity for consciousness.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Women have no appreciation of good looks-at least, good women have not.
Pat Conroy, South of Broad|The tide was a poem that only time could create, and I watched it stream and brim and makes its steady dash homeward, to the ocean.
Penelope Douglas, Rival|But we were different now. I wanted only his pain, and judging from the girl he’d come home with last night, Madoc was still the same. A user.
Jaye Frances, Betrayed|Sometimes, I just want to be comforted—I don’t want to be or appear to be stronger than I am.
Anthony Marais|Reflection is nothing more than what it sounds, and pondering one’s own life is about as productive as talking to one’s image in a mirror: both acts are egocentric and neither produces a dialog. People who talk to themselves in public are not self-actualized; they're crazy.
Tryon Edwards|Anyone can wear my dresses. They will look good on any figure, no matter what shape you are. I want to celebrate a woman's inner strength, to inspire real women and make them feel confident and beautiful.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|As for man, his days are like grass, he flourishes like a flower of the field; the wind blows over it and it is gone, and its place remembers it no more.
Pierce Brown, Red Rising|I will learn to lead �eets. I will win. I will sharpen myself into asword. I will give my soul. I will dive to hell in hopes of one day rising to freedom. I willsacri�ce. And I will grow my legend and spread it amongst the peoples of all the worldsuntil I am �t to lead the armies that will break the chains of bondage, because I am notsimply an agent of the Sons of Ares. I am not simply a tactic or a device in Ares’sschemes. I am the hope of my people. Of all people in bondage.
E.E. Cummings, 100 Selected Poems|They burned this neighbourhood down in the early 1900s to prevent the spread of bubonic plague, and it occurs to me that they should consider doing it again, to purge the blight of well-meaning hipsters desperately trying to paint it rainbow
Pedro Antonio de Alarcón, Ghostly By Gaslight|We have a long distance to travel,' said the Angel of Death to our friend Gil, as soon as they had left the Villa. 'I will order my chariot.' And he struck the ground with his foot. A hollow rumbling, like that which precedes an earthquake, sounded under the ground. Presently there rose round the two friends an ash-colored cloud of vapor, in the midst of which appeared a species of ivory chariot, resembling the chariots we see in the bas-reliefs of antiquity.A brief glance would have sufficed (we will not disguise the fact from out readers) to show that the chariot was not made of ivory, but solely and simply of human bones polished and joined together with exquisite skill, but retaining still their natural form.The Angel of Death gave his hand to Gil and they ascended the chariot, which rose into the air like the balloons of the present day, but with the difference that it was propelled by the will of its occupants. ("The Friend of Death")
Sara Keddar|But if she is alone now, it is because she chose to be alone, not someone decree if for her. Her life is hers to live, not yours to repair.
Rodney Dangerfield|Somebody once asked me if I ever went up to the plate trying to hit a home run. I said, 'Sure, every time.'
F.J. Namini|In The End, Humans Will Become Humans Own Worst Enemy.
Terry Pratchett, Going Postal|I wonder if it's like this for mountain climbers, he thought. You climb bigger and bigger mountains and you know that one day one of them is going to be just that bit too steep. But you go on doing it, because it’s so-o good when you breathe the air up there. And you know you'll die falling.
Richard Price, I Wanderers|The Church is in the world, it is part of the suffering in the world, and though Christ condemned the disciple who struck off the ear of the high priest's servant, our hearts go out in sympathy to all who are moved to violence by the suffering of others. The Church condemns violence, but it condemns indifference more harshly. Violence can be the expression of love, indifference never. One is an imperfection of charity, the other the perfection of egoism.
Nessie Q., Snippets of Imagery|All at once, because life’s too short and it’s always like magic when you find a good thing. All at once, because I’m much too wise to not know that lightning can’t really hit the same spot twice when it comes. All at once because right now, surrendering to irrationality seems to be the only thing that makes sense.
Rollo May, The Discovery of Being|Science, Nietzsche had warned, is becoming a factory, and the result will be ethical nihilism.
Avina Celeste|When a bad thought pops into your head it has no power. Thoughts are weak until you give them attention. Your attention makes them grow stronger. If you keep thinking those bad thoughts, they will consume your life. And when you let go of them, they will leave, fading away just as they came. Focus on the thoughts that make you happy. Focus on the positive and your positivity will grow stronger.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Stop waiting for the perfect day or the perfect moment... Take THIS day, THIS moment and lead it to perfection.
Simone Biles|After every storm the sun will smile; for every problem there is a solution, and the soul's indefeasible duty is to be of good cheer.
Jo Walton, Among Others|Sure, genetics do play a role in alcoholism. You're more likely to be an alcoholic if one or both of your parents are also alcoholics. But that's just one part of the equation; the other part is your behavior. You can't become an alcoholic if you never take a drink. So if you know you're predisposed to addiction because you have a family history, then just don't get started, and you'll never find yourself on that path.
Marie Helvin|To be labelled a cheat - it's not fair. If I'm a cheat, then prove I'm a cheat or just leave me alone and let me do what I do best.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide|With Cosmic Ordering, the best days of your life are always ahead of you.
Volodymyr Knyr|Man is not a beast of burden, and the Sabbath is not for the purpose of enhancing the efficiency of his work.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|The utility of adversity is to draw inspiration, wisdom and strength from it.
Dada Bhagwan|If you remain ‘insincere’ to one person, then that person will hold you back from going to moksha!
Yara Greathouse, Dismantled|I'm just not sure that I'm good enough for her. She's a top shelf drink, I'm a house poured shot.
Andrew Smith, Moondust|We think that tomorrow, unless we surrender, they may drop the moon on us." "You're joking.""Wish I was.
Therese May, By Moonlight|It wasn’t a normal joy, it was a bitter joy, but somehow the bitterness made the joy even more wonderful.
Carolyn Meyer, Patience, Princess Catherine|Why don't you ever wait a second and see what I'm planning, or thinking, before you burst in with your opinions and ideas? You never even give me a chance.
Evelyn Waugh, Brideshead Revisited: The Sacred and Profane Memories of Captain Charles Ryder|The worse I am, the more I need God. I can't shut myself out from His mercy. That is what it would mean; starting a life with you, without Him.
Simone Elkeles, Perfect Chemistry|When she wraps her arms around my neck, all I want to do is protect this girl for the rest of my life.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide|Time is the wisest counselor of all, but Cosmic Ordering is the biggest provider.
Bruce Crown, Forlorn Passions|The car housed a hysterical bumper sticker: Save the Planet, and I permitted a moment of contemplation to truly bask in this thought. Save the planet? What a joke. Save the planet from what? From ourselves? And save it for what? For ourselves? It was a kind of perpetual stupidity in a tug-of-war battle over trivial matters. Only imbeciles see things in black and white: liberal or conservative, yes or no, this or that. Those in power laugh at those people in their morally inverted shades of grey, basking in the labels they've created so the people are easier to control.
Drew Barrymore|I remember being on film sets when I was younger, and only men got to do the cool action movies. So I thought, 'Maybe I'll get to produce one day and get to do cool stuff, too,' which is what happened when we did 'Charlie's Angels'.
Katherine Johnson|The content I create reflects my personality: goofy, fun, positive, a bit clumsy, family-friendly, educational and helpful.
Wael Ghonim, Revolution 2:0: A Memoir and Call to Action|The regime's policies, whether intentionally or unintentionally, had engendered a sharp divide between Muslims and Christians, in spite of the fact that generations of Muslims and Coptic Christians had lived together peacefully in the past. The regime was good at utilizing this divide to create a perception that without Mubarak in power, Egyptians would break out into sectarian warfare. As a result, Mubarak managed to market his police state successfully to the international community as the lesser of two evils.
Charlotte Mary Yonge, The Heir of Redclyffe|Life is not about the people who act true to your face, It's about the people who remain true behind your back.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If we keep telling that life is unfair but do nothing serious about it, then life will forever continue to remain unfair!
Robert M. Price|Whatever can be threatened, whatever can be shaken, whatever you fear cannot stand, is destined to crash. Do not go down with the ship. Let that which is destined to become the past slip away. Believe that the real you is that which beckons from the future. If it is a sadder you, it will be a wiser one. And dawn will follow the darkness sooner or later. Rebirth can never come without death.
Lao Tzu|If you don’t stand sincere by your wordshow sincere can the people be?Take great care over words, treasure them.1.17
Agatha Christie, The Mysterious Mr. Quin|The evidence of history is against you. The contemporary historian never writes such a true history as the historian of a later generation. It is a question of getting the true perspective, of seeing things in proportion.
D.R. Silva|We do good works, not in order to be saved, but because we are saved; not in order to earn God's favor, but with the favor of His help.
Susan Dennard, Windwitch|There are degrees of freedom. Complete freedom isn't always good, nor is the lack of it always bad.
Michael Smith|If God give you strength and courage, don't use it to intimidate people or overpower them, rather use your gift to help others find their own way to strength.
Alamvusha|Writing is an adventure. There is no way to know where it will take you, and what you will find. You could find success. You could find fans. Or, best of all, you could find yourself.
Ahmir Questlove Thompson, Mo' Meta Blues: The World According to Questlove|In every four there is one the slowest, and one the swiftest; and while the race is always to the slowest, the trouble is always with the swiftest.
Molly Friedenfeld|Every moment is important, like the moment that takes away your life.
Mary Balogh, Then Comes Seduction|In a perverse way, I was glad for the stitches, glad it would show, that there would be scars. What was the point in just being hurt on the inside? It should bloody well show.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, The Cost of Discipleship|No one should be surprised at the difficulty of faith, if there is some part of his life where he is consciously resisting or disobeying the commandment of Jesus. Is there some part of your life which you are refusing to surrender at his behest, some sinful passion, maybe, or some animosity, some hope, perhaps your ambition or your reason? ... How can you hope to enter into communion with him when at some point in your life you are running away from him?
Sarah Mayberry, All Over You|I have sex," Grace shrugged.I meant with a man," Claudia said dryly.Now why would I ruin something so good by inviting a man along?" Grace asked.
Deyth Banger|It is enough to know, too much to see
Norm MacDonald|In politics, readily dismissing inconvenient people can easily extend to dismissing inconvenient truths about them.
Gift Gugu Mona|To be reborned many times over, you must unleash the power of inertia. But must you go out every time and reach for your highest potential?
Dejan Stojanovic|We love the imperfect shapes in nature and in the works of art, look for an intentional error as a sign of the golden key and sincerity found in true mastery.
Stephanie Klein, Straight Up and Dirty|Here's what I've learned about "soon"; it's short for "someday." We make space in our lives for what matters, now. Not in promises and soons, but on mantels with sterling frames, in shelves we clear to make room for our now. Everything else i talk.
B.M.B. Johnson, Melody Jackson v. the Hound from Hell It happened on Lafayette Street Season One|Um. Charles thinks that his wolf has chosen me as his mate.""In less than one full day?" It did sound dumb when he said it that way."Yes." She couldn't keep the uncertainty out of her voice, though, and it bothered Charles. He rolled to his feet and growled softly."Charles also said I was an Omega wolf," she told his father. "That might have something to do with it as well."Silence lengthened and she began to think that the cell phone might have dropped the connection. Then the Marrok laughed softly. "Oh his brother is going to tease him unmercifully about this.
Chuck Palahniuk, Choke|I mean, a male chauvinist pig isn't born, he's made, and more and more of them are being made by women.
Germany Kent|How to win in life:1 work hard 2 complain less 3 listen more 4 try, learn, grow5 don't let people tell you it cant be done6 make no excuses
A.P. Sweet, dead, but dreaming|Dear God, if one day I lose my hope and purpose, give me confidence that your destiny is better than anything I ever dreamed.
Eileen Anglin|Do not keep on with a mockery of friendship after the substance is gone - but part, while you can part friends. Bury the carcass of friendship: it is not worth embalming.
Maggie Stiefvater, Shiver|The thorns thinned out and the trees grew taller and straighter, their branches not beginning until a few feet over our heads. The white, peeled bark of the birches looked buttery in the long, slanting afternoon light, and their leaves were a delicate gold.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Our age: more "communication experts" that important things to say.
Adam Leith Gollner, The Fruit Hunters: A Story of Nature, Adventure, Commerce, and Obsession|I understood that if ever one wanted to live with someone you cooked for them and they came running. But then it is my idea of hell these days, living with someone. The idea of sharing your life with someone is just utterly ghastly. I know why people do it, but it's never a good idea.
Raquel Cepeda, Bird of Paradise: How I Became Latina|I want my father to be just my father, the way he has always been, not a separate person with an earlier, mythological life of his own. Knowing too much about other people puts you in their power, they have a claim on you, you are forced to understand their reasons for doing things and then you are weakened.
Theresa Dedmon, Born to Create: Stepping Into Your Supernatural Destiny|According to Christ, the pathway to revelation, the heart of revival, and the fullness of the Kingdom of God is becoming child- like. Becoming dependent as children in our relationship with our heavenly Father forces us to lose our religious mindsets and protocol. Staying in a place of wonder and trust will keep us from becoming easily offended by the ways God chooses to manifest Himself in our lives.
J.R. Ward, Lover Unleashed|Love, he realized, was like the daggers he made in his forge: When you first got one it was shiny and new and the blade glinted bright in the light. Holding it against your palm, you were full of optimism for what it would be like in the field, and you couldn't wait to try it out. Except those first couple of nights out were usually awkward as you got used to it and it got used to you.Over time, the steel lost its brand-new gleam, and the hilt became stained, and maybe you nicked the shit out of the thing a couple of times. What you got in return, however, saved your life: Once the pair of you were well acquainted, it became such a part of you that it was an extension of your own arm. It protected you and gave you a means to protect your brothers; it provided you with the confidnece and the power to face whatever came out of the night; and wherever you went, it stayed with you, right over your heart, always there when you needed it.You had to keep the blade up, however. And rewrap the hilt from time to time. And double-check the w
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|This exists. It can be seen. It can be touched. These in pace, these dungeons, these iron hinges, these necklets, that lofty peep-hole on a level with the river's current, that box of stone closed with a lid of granite like a tomb, with this difference, that the dead man here was a living being, that soil which is but mud, that vault hole, those oozing walls, --what declaimers!
Haile Selassie|Nothing has brought me more love, joy and peace than being a good husband and good daddy.
Joseph Campbell, The Power of Myth|People have the notion of saving the world by shifting things around, changing the rules, and who’s on top, and so forth. No, no! Any world is a valid world if it’s alive. The thing to do is to bring life to it, and the only way to do that is to find in your own case where the life is and become alive yourself.
Lowestoft Thellow|Religion reminds me of a lace condom. While lovingly crafted, it’s not designed for pleasure; unless inflated with fervour, it collapses; one size does not fit all; and no matter how many times you dunk it in holy water, it will not prevent misconceptions or contagion.
David Cross|My tastes lean toward the more negative, angry and eclectic.
Bill Plotkin, Nature and the Human Soul: Cultivating Wholeness and Community in a Fragmented World|I've thought and thought, but there's no other way to give you the truth except to hide it in a story and let you find your own way inside. All stories contain a truth if you look hard enough - but it might not be a good truth.
James C. Scott, The Art of Not Being Governed: An Anarchist History of Upland Southeast Asia|The larger the pile of rubble you leave behind, the larger your place in the historical record!
Neil Gaiman, Season of Mists|October knew, of course, that the action of turning a page, of ending a chapter or of shutting a book, did not end a tale. Having admitted that, he would also avow that happy endings were never difficult to find: "It is simply a matter," he explained to April, "of finding a sunny place in a garden, where the light is golden and the grass is soft; somewhere to rest, to stop reading, and to be content.
Sarah Rees Brennan, The Demon's Covenant|I cook better than you," Nick corrected absently. "I think monkeys can probably be taught to cook better than you.""I'd like to have a monkey that cooked for me," said Jamie. " I would pay him in bananas. His name would be Alphonse.""I agree, that would be awesome." Mae said. "People would come for dinner just to see the monkey chef.""You're raving," Nick said, defrosting chicken in the microwave. Mae was a bit impressed with how he seemed to look at the appliance and instantly comprehend its mysteries, when she'd been heating up ready-made meals for years by a method of pressing random buttons and hoping. " I know that's the only way Jamie communicates with people, but I expected better of you, Mavis.""We're cutting out the whole Mavis thing right now, Nick," Mae said warningly."How many bananas would be good payment for a monkey?" Jamie wanted to know. " I would want to pay Alphonse a fair wage.
Anthon St. Maarten|Empaths did not come into this world to be victims, we came to be warriors. Be brave. Stay strong. We need all hands on deck.
Boniface Sagini, Thrills and Chills: Trudging Through Life|Pain changes people for better or for worse. It can change a fledging, naive person to a strong, courageous person or on the other end of the spectrum, sadly however, a devout and pious Christian to a smoking meathead.
Tim Reed, Spider from the Well|The bast, dispersing in shreds in the sunset whispered "Time has begun." The son, Adam, stripped naked, descended into the Old Testament of his native land and arrayed himself in bast; a wreath of roadside field grass he placed upon his brow, a staff, not a switch, he pulled from the ground, flourishing the birch branch like a sacred palm. On the road he stood like a guard. The dust-gray road ran into the sunset. And a crow perched there, perched and croaked, there where the celestial fire consumed the earth.There were blind men along the dust-gray road running into the twilight. Antique, crooken, they trailed along, lonely and sinister silhouettes, holding to one another and to their leader's cane. They were raising dust. One was beard-less, he kept squinting. Another, a little old man with a protruding lip, was whispering and praying. A third, covered with red hair, frowned. Their backs were bent, their heads bowed low, their arms extended to the staff. Strange it was to see this mute procession in the terrible twilight. They made their way immutable, primordial, blind. Oh, if only they could open their eyes, oh if only they were not blind! Russian Land, awake!And Adam, rude image of the returned king, lowered the birch branch to their white pupils. And on them he laid his hands, as, groaning and moaning they seated themselves in the dust and with trembling hands pushed chunks of black bread into their mouths. Their faces were ashen and menacing, lit with the pale light of deadly clouds. Lightning blazed, their blinded faces blazed. Oh, if only they opened their eyes, oh, if only they saw the light!Adam, Adam, you stand illumined by lightnings. Now you lay the gentle branch upon their faces. Adam, Adam, say, see, see! And he restores their sight.But the blind men turning their ashen faces and opening their white eyes did not see. And the wind whispered "Thou art behind the hill." From the clouds a fiery veil began to shimmer and died out. A little birch murmured, beseeching, and fell asleep. The dusk dispersed at the horizon and a bloody stump of the sunset stuck up. And spotted with brilliant coals glowing red, the bast streamed out from the sunset like a striped cloak. On the waxen image of Adam the field grass wreaths sighed fearfully giving a soft whistle and the green dewy clusters sprinkled forth fiery tears on the blind faces of the blind. He knew what he was doing, he was restoring their sight.("Adam")
Aldous Huxley, Brave New World|Modernism has been consumed and remains partially digested in the belly of capital, awaiting occasional bouts of flatulence.
Abhijit Naskar, The Art of Neuroscience in Everything|All that two lovers want, is to be one with the other in a moment of ecstasy.
Gugu Mona|Thich Nhat Hanh. a venerated Vietnamese Buddhist, speaks of a solution that is so utterly simple it seems profane.Be, body and mind, exactly where you are. That is, practice a mindfulness that makes you aware of each moment. Think to yourself, "I am breathing" when you're breathing; "I am anxious" when you're anxious; even, "I am washing the dishes" when you're washing the dishes. To be totally into this moment is the goal of mindfulness. Right now is precious and shall never pass this way again.A wave is a precious moment, amplified: a dynamic natural sculpture that shall never pass this way again. Out interaction with waves - to be fully in the moment, without relationship troubles, bills, or worries - is what frees us. Each moment that we are fully with waves is evidence of our ability to live in the here and now. There is nothing else in the universe when you're making that elegant bottom turn.Here. Now. Simple, but so elusive. A wave demands your attention. It is very difficult to be somewhere else, in your mind, when there is such a gorgeous creation of nature moving your way. Just being close to a wave brings us closer to being mindful. To surf them is the training ground for mindfulness. The ocean can seem chaotic, like the world we live in. But somehow we're forced to slice through the noise - to paddle around and through the adversities of life and get directly to the joy. This is what we need for liberation.
Martin Seligman|Some of the natural world is appealing, some of it is terrifying, and some of it grosses us out. Modern people don't want to be dropped naked into a swamp. We want to tour Yosemite with our water bottles and G.P.S. devices. The natural world is a source of happiness and fulfillment, but only when prescribed in the right doses.
Idina Menzel|There is no fear when you choose love. The more you choose love, the more love is in your life. It gets easier and easier.
Clint Eastwood, Wild Open Spaces: Why We Love Westerns|It's so hard to express yourself.' I understand this.'I want to express myself.'The same is true for me.' I'm looking for my voice.' It's in your mouth.' I want to do something I'm not ashamed of.'Something you are proud of, yes?' Not even. I just don't want to be ashamed.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Success, just like poverty is a state of mind. You can become successful instantly with a simple decision and commitment. Long lasting and pronounced success comes to those who renew their commitment to a mindset of abundance every minute, hour and day.
Brené Brown, Rising Strong|Folks write down the name of someone who fills them with frustration, disappointment, and/or resentment, and then I propose that their person is doing the best he or she can. The responses have been wide-ranging...One woman said, "If this was true and my mother was doing the best she can, I would be grief-stricken. I'd rather be angry than sad, so it's easier to believe she's letting me down on purpose than grieve the fact that my mother is never going to be who I need her to be.
Gillian Flynn, Sharp Objects|She has that voraciousness about children. She swoops in on them. Even I, in public was a beloved child. She'd parade me into town, smiling and teasing me, tickling me as she spoke with people on the sidewalks. When we got home, she'd trail off to her room like an unfinished sentence, and I would sit outside with my face pressed against her door, and replay the day in my head, searching for clues to what I had done to displease her.I have one memory that catches in me like a nasty clump of blood. Marian was dead about two years, and my mother had a cluster of friends come over for afternoon drinks. For hours, the child was cooed over, smothered with red lipstick kisses, tidied up with tissues, then lipstick smacked again. I was suppose to be reading in my room, but I sat at the top of the stairs watching. My mother finally was handed the baby, and she cuddled it ferociously. Oh, how, wonderful it is to hold a baby again! Adora jiggled it on her knee, walked it around the rooms, whispered to it, and I looked down from above like a spiteful little god, the back of my hand placed against my face, imagining how it felt to be cheek to cheek with my mother.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|You think and it's done, It's a luck not a talent.
John Todd|But gardening is none of that, really. Strip away the gadgets and the techniques, the books and the magazines and the soil test kits, and what you're left with, at the end of the day, is this: a stretch of freshly turned dirt, a handful of seeds scratched into the surface, and a marker to remember where they went. It is at the same time an incredibly brave and an incredibly simple thing to do, entrusting your seeds to the earth and waiting for them to rise up out of the ground to meet you.
Michael Cunningham|Which is probably one of the reasons those of us who love contemporary fiction love it as we do. We’re alone with it. It arrives without references, without credentials we can trust. Givers of prizes (not to mention critics) do the best they can, but they may—they probably will—be scoffed at by their children’s children. We, the living readers, whether or not we’re members of juries, decide, all on our own, if we suspect ourselves to be in the presence of greatness. We’re compelled to let future generations make the more final decisions, which will, in all likelihood, seem to them so clear as to produce a sense of bafflement over what was valued by their ancestors; what was garlanded and paraded, what carried to the temple on the shoulders of the wise.
Stephen R. Covey, The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People: Powerful Lessons in Personal Change|When the trust account is high, communication is easy, instant, and effective.
Halldór Laxness|...freedom is of more account than the height of a roof beam. I ought to know; mine cost me eighteen years' slavery. The man who lives on his own land is an independent man. He is his own master. If I can keep my sheep alive through winter and can pay what has been stipulated from year to year - then I pay what has been stipulated; and I have kept my sheep alive. No, it is freedom that we are all after, Titla. He who pays his way is a king. He who keeps his sheep alive through the winter lives in a palace.
Sophia Bush|Just knowing you don't have the answers is a recipe for humility, openness, acceptance, forgiveness, and an eagerness to learn - and those are all good things.
Joyce Meyer|Every single job is a challenge. You are walking into a new set, a new character, creating a world and trying to get comfortable to do your best work.
Denzel Washington|Sweater, n.: garment worn by child when its mother is feeling chilly.
Blakney Francis, Someone I Used to Know|You see her for who she really is, past all the disillusions most people get tangled up in when they think they are falling in love. You accept her flaws, and you love her just as much because of them as you do in spite of them.
David Jeremiah, What Are You Afraid Of?: Facing Down Your Fears with Faith|We need encouragement, not sermonizing, and we need clear-eyed acknowledgement of the situation, not a sanctified gloss that pushes us toward saying, 'I see I must not admit my pain because, after all, I'm a Christian. I'll just have to cover it up.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Such competence is not necessarily acquired by means of the 'scholastic' labours in which some 'cinephiles' or 'jazz-freaks' indulge. Most often it results from the unintentional learning made possible by a disposition acquired through domestic or scholastic inculcation of legitimate culture. This transposable disposition, armed with a set of perceptual and evaluative schemes that are available for general application, inclines its owner towards other cultural experiences and enables him to perceive, classify and memorize them differently. . . . In identifying what is worthy of being seen and the right way to see it, they are aided by their whole social group and by the whole corporation of critics mandated by the group to produce legitimate classifications and the discourse necessarily accompanying any artistic enjoyment worthy of the name.
M.A. Bookout|I'm trying like hell to leave a footprint, carbon or otherwise.
Umberto Eco, The Name of the Rose|Books are people,'' smiled Miss Marks. ''In every book worth reading, the author is there to meet you, to establish contact with you. He takes you into his confidence and reveals his thoughts to you.
Richard Flanagan, Gould's Book of Fish: A Novel in Twelve Fish|Perhaps reading and writing books is one of the last defences human dignity has left, because in the end they remind us of what God once reminded us before He too evaporated in this age of relentless humiliations—that we are more than ourselves; that we have souls.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|I earned a mater's degree in journalism and took the first job offered, as a sports writer. Instead of chasing my own fame, I wrote about famous athletes chasing theirs.
Federico Fellini|Love allows understanding to dawn, and understanding is precious. Where you are understood, you are at home. Understanding nourishes belonging. When you really feel understood, you feel free to release yourself into the trust and shelter of the other person's soul.
Joan Rivers, Enter Talking|When you begin to losing your audience, do not get loud; get quiet, make them find you and come back to you.
Lisa Kleypas, Suddenly You|Books were everywhere, lined neatly on shelves that went from floor to ceiling. The ceiling was two stories high, with an upper balcony that provided access to a second-floor gallery. The dazzling array of red, gold, green, and brown bindings was a feast for the eyes, while the wonderful smells of vellum, parchment, and pungent leather almost caused Amanda to salivate. An exquisite waft of tea leaves lingered in the air. For anyone who enjoyed the pursuit of reading, this place surely was paradise.
Nicolás Gómez Dávila|We revolutionary anarchists are the enemies of all forms of State and State organisations ... wethink that all State rule, all governments being by their very nature placed outside the mass of thepeople, must necessarily seek to subject it to customs and purposes entirely foreign to it. Wetherefore declare ourselves to be foes ... of all State organisations as such, and believe that thepeople can only be happy and free, when, organised from below by means of its own autonomousand completely free associations, without the supervision of any guardians, it will create its ownlife.
Dorothy Koomson, The Woman He Loved Before|It never occurs to her that she will not be a writer and only occasionally does it occur to her, depressingly, that she is going to grow into a woman, not a man.
Lily Amis|Don’t BELIEVE everything you read and see on the socialmedia! Don’t let LIKES & RT brainwash your mind, take control over your time and take you away from your life, family & responsibilities!
Thomas Aquinas|The blessed in the kingdom of heaven will see the punishments of the damned, in order that their bliss be more delightful for them.
Nick Hornby, High Fidelity|Have you got any soul?" a woman asks the next afternoon. That depends, I feel like saying; some days yes, some days no. A few days ago I was right out; now I've got loads, too much, more than I can handle. I wish I could spread it a bit more evenly, I want to tell her, get a better balance, but I can't seem to get it sorted. I can see she wouldn't be interested in my internal stock control problems though, so I simply point to where I keep the soul I have, right by the exit, just next to the blues.
Ashoka Jahnavi Prasad|Society shall never make progress unless it changes its basic objective of making things easier;instead our main objective should be to make men stronger!I say "men" as women have always had and shall continue to have all the strength needed!!-Ashoka Jahnavi Prasad(Woods oration-2008)
Lucius Annaeus Seneca|Love possesses not nor will it be possessed, for love is sufficient unto love.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|The one help we all need is given to us freely though the Atonement of Jesus Christ. Having faith in Jesus Christ and In His Atonement means relying completely on Him-trusting in His infinite power, intelligence, and love.
Paul Russell, The Coming Storm|Awaken to the opportunities available for you today. It’s not too late to be, do, and have, whatever you so desire. It’s only late if you don’t begin today, the time is now. Go, make it happen!
Lewis Carroll, Alice in Wonderland|Lastly, she pictured to herself how this same little sister of hers would, in the after-time, be herself a grown woman; and how she would keep, through all her riper years, the simple and loving heart of her childhood: and how she would gather about her other little children, and make their eyes bright and eager with many a strange tale, perhaps even with the dream of Wonderland of long ago: and how she would feel with all their simple sorrows, and find a pleasure in all their simple joys, remembering her own child-life, and the happy summer days.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you are asking me what the individual can do right now, in a political sense, I'd have to say he can't do all that much. Speaking for myself, I am more concerned with the transformation of the individual, which to me is much more important than the so-called political revolution.
Thiruvalluvar|Another gift, another secret, another time to lean in and kiss me.
Epictetus|Disappointment will come when your effort does not give you the expected return. If things don’t go as planned or if you face failure. Failure is extremely difficult to handle, but those that do come out stronger. What did this failure teach me? is the question you will need to ask. You will feel miserable. You will want to quit, like I wanted to when nine publishers rejected my first book. Some IITians kill themselves over low grades – how silly is that? But that is how much failure can hurt you. But it’s life. If challenges could always be overcome, they would cease to be a challenge. And remember – if you are failing at something, that means you are at your limit or potential. And that’s where you want to be. Disappointment’ s cousin is Frustration, the second storm. Have you ever been frustrated? It happens when things are stuck. This is especially relevant in India. From traffic jams to getting that job you deserve, sometimes things take so long that you don’t know if you chose the right goal. After books, I set the goal of writing for Bollywood, as I thought they needed writers. I am called extremely lucky, but it took me five years to get close to a release. Frustration saps excitement, and turns your initial energy into something negative, making you a bitter person. How did I deal with it? A realistic assessment of the time involved – movies take a long time to make even though they are watched quickly, seeking a certain enjoyment in the process rather than the end result – at least I was learning how to write scripts, having a side plan – I had my third book to write and even something as simple as pleasurable distractions in your life – friends, food, travel can help you overcome it. Remember, nothing is to be taken seriously. Frustration is a sign somewhere, you took it too seriously.
Ursula K. Le Guin, Tehanu|As a child in Atuan, Tenar had learned how to learn. There seemed always to be a great deal to be learned, more than she would have believed when she was a prentice-priestess or the pupil of a mage.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|It doesn't make you a bad person to want to be remembered. To want to make it to the top. To provide for yourself and your family. After all, that's all part of the allure. There is a balance. Soccer coach Tony Adams expresses it well. Play for the name on the front of the jersey, he says, and they'll remember the name on the back.
James Morrison|He walked out into a different city, one that was perfumed by the last dahlias of June, and onto a street out of his youth, where the shadowy widowsfrom five o'clock Mass were filing by. But now it was he, not they, who crossed the street, so they would not see the tears he could no longer hold back, not his midnight tears, as he thought, but other tears: the ones he had been swallowing for fifty-one years, nine months and four days.
Dave Eggers, You Shall Know Our Velocity!|I was feeling everything much too much. Everything was pulling at my eyes. I spent hours floating in pools. I sat on terraces and stared for afternoons at mediocre views. I was feeling overjoyed for happy couples. I would see or hear about people, usually people I hardly knew or didn't even like, getting together, finding each other after so much groping, and I would feel bliss. I was blindsided by familiar things.
Evinda Lepins|Joy is not a denial of painful circumstances, but a certainty that He is at work while we are in them. EL
Dave Barry|Hobbies of any kind are boring except to people who have the same hobby. This is also true of religion, although you will not find me saying so in print.
Debasish Mridha|To begin life in a new way, forget to walk your habitual path, change your thoughts, and find a new way.
Sarah Rees Brennan, The Turn of the Story|You should remove your jacket," the Mage said. "Use it to shade your head."She didn't want to remove her one sign of authority, her one piece of armor, though in both respects the jacket offered little right now. "I'm a Mechanic." "I know that. Is there anyone around that you need to impress?
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Sometimes, people don’t need our monies and our treasures. All they need is our encouragements to give them hope.
Alyxandra Harvey, My Love Lies Bleeding|If we act like prey, they’ll act like predators
Brandon McCartney|Holden went to his bungalow and began to understand that he was not alone in the world, and also that he was afraid for the sake of another, -- which is the most soul-satisfying fear known to man.
Edmund Burke|If we command our wealth, we shall be rich and free. If our wealth commands us, we are poor indeed.
Anaïs Nin|What I cannot love, I overlook.
Brian Selznick, The Invention of Hugo Cabret|As I look out at all of you gathered here, I want to say that I don't see a room full of Parisians in top hats and diamonds and silk dresses. I don't see bankers and housewives and store clerks. No. I address you all tonight as you truly are: wizards, mermaids, travelers, adventurers, and magicians. You are the true dreamers.
Luis Buñuel, My Last Sigh|Even today, I've no idea what the truth is, or what I did with it.
Jodi Picoult, Handle with Care|If it could only be like this always – always summer, always alone, the fruit always ripe and Aloysius in a good temper...
Rosalind Wiseman|When we learn from experience, the scars of sin can lead us to restoration and a renewed intimacy with God.
Shalom Harlow|I like those crisis moments - if you're on top of it and don't get pulled under by panic and fear, it's a very bonding thing.
Jo Baker, Longbourn|It was pretty miserable wretches that minded at all whether they were wet or dry. He could not understand why such people had been born. "It's nothing but damned eccentricity to want to be dry" he would say. "I've been wet more than half my life and never been a whit the worse for it.
Anna Quindlen, Rise and Shine|I am not a cat man, but a dog man, and all felines can tell this at a glance - a sharp, vindictive glance. 
Cat Stevens|The trouble with many men is that they have got just enough religion to make them miserable. If there is not joy in religion, you have got a leak in your religion.
Amber Lynn Natusch, Undertow|I told you once I would never let you fall, Aesa ... And you're falling. You just don't se
Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park|It's going to be okay," Park said.She nodded. "Right.""Because I love you."She laughed. "Is that why?""It is, actually.
Jayce O'Neal|As someone who has spent the last decade training young men and women for Christian service, I have been keen to help them see that the best kinds of ministry are, more often than not, long term and low key. I have tried to prepare them for a marathon, not a short, energetic sprint. In other words, to help them have a lifetime of sustainable sacrifice, rather than an energetic but brief ministry that quickly fades in exhaustion.
Auliq Ice|Money should be ones demand and not command, one should not become a slave of Money because we made money to help us trade and not to make us, we're already made even without money.
Jason Lloyd, Salty Aftertaste|He once had lips as cold as stone and a heart that equally matched, but I had managed to warm him up and now all I could sense was his need for me.
David Levithan, The Lover's Dictionary|I am most anxious to give my own children enough love and understanding so that they won't grow up with an aching void in them--like you and I and Harold and Martha. That can never be filled, and one goes around all one's life trying, trying to make up for what one didn't get that was one's birthright, asking the wrong people for it.
Loren Weisman, The Artist's Guide to Success in the Music Business (2nd edition): The "Who, What, When, Where, Why & How" of the Steps that Musicians & Bands Have to Take to Succeed in Music|Every organization should strive to achieve the 3 Rs of Business: Everyone doing the Right things, Doing them Right, and at the Right time.
Galina Nelson|See, I am very dependent... on beauty and peace of the world... on loyalty of friends... on love in families... on happiness and health of children. And I do not want to be free as long as I have it all...
Stephen Richards, NAPS: Discover The Power Of Night Audio Programs|Going one step beyond the Law of Attraction when using NAPS takes us back to the original way it was invoked, before the rehashed woo-woo!
Krista Tippett, Becoming Wise: An Inquiry into the Mystery and Art of Living|We’ve made it private, contained it in family, when its audacity is in its potential to cross tribal lines. We’ve fetishized it as romance, when its true measure is a quality of sustained, practical care. We’ve lived it as a feeling, when it is a way of being. It is the elemental experience we all desire and seek, most of our days, to give and receive. The sliver of love’s potential that the Greeks separated out as eros is where we load so much of our desire, center so much of our imagination about delight and despair, define so much of our sense of completion. There is the love the Greeks called filia—the love of friendship. There is the love they called agape—love as embodied compassion, expressions of kindness that might be given to a neighbor or a stranger. The Metta of the root Buddhist Pali tongue, “lovingkindness,” carries the nuance of benevolent, active interest in others known and unknown, and its cultivation begins with compassion towards oneself.
Robert M. Drake|She was broken, I think it’s because she loved too much and she was always blind to the fact that love too is sometimes broken.
Joan Frances Turner, Dust|What is it like.... what is it like to be dead?' Evan looked at him with his dull, unblinking blue eyes, ' I don't know, what is it like...... to be alive?
Julian Castro|Every possession and every happiness is but lent by chance for an uncertain time, and may therefore be demanded back the next hour.
Lisa Kleypas, Mine Till Midnight|The case which I reported on September 26, 1901, was really the last which occurred in Havana. Of course we did not know it at the time, but this case marked the first conquest of yellow fever in an endemic center; the first application of the mosquito theory to practical sanitary work in any disease.
Celia McMahon, Skye|In the alchemy of man's soul almost all noble attributes--courage, honor, love, hope, faith, duty, loyalty, etc.--can be transmuted into ruthlessness. Compassion alone stands apart from the continuous traffic between good and evil proceeding within us. Compassion is the antitoxin of the soul: where there is compassion even the most poisonous impulses remain relatively harmless.Nature has no compassion. It is, in the words of William Blake, "a creation that groans, living on the death; where fish and bird and beast and tree and metal and stone live by devouring." Nature accepts no excuses and the only punishment it knows is death.
Jonathan Franzen|In order to justify their claim on our attention, the organs of mass culture and information are compelled to offer something "new" on a daily, indeed hourly, basis. Although good novelists don't deliberately seek out trends, many of them feel a responsibility to pay attention to contemporary issues, and they now confront a culture in which almost all of the issues are burned out almost all the time. The writer who wants to tell a story about society that's true not just in 1996 but in 1997 as well can find herself at a loss for solid cultural referents. What's topically relevant while she's planning the novel will almost certainly be passé by the time it's written, rewritten, published, distributed, and read.
E.L. Doctorow, Lives of the Poets: A Novella and Six Stories|If it looks like a duck and sounds like a duck, it could be a really ugly swan.
Klaus Schwab|No one bill will cure the problem of spam. It will take a combined effort of legislation, litigation, enforcement, customer education, and technology solutions.
Robin    Black, Life Drawing|For a moment, I believed in fate. Such a delicate balance of events had lead to us meeting. It all seemed too much to be a coincidence because I was so delusional in my infatuation. I fell into the trap of my own idea of how things should be.
Stacey D'Erasmo|Getting on a plane is hard for me, but I do it, because travel is vital to me.
Izabel Goulart|I didn't like books where people played on a sports team and won a bunch of games, or went to summer camp and had a wonderful time. I really liked a book where a witch might cut a child's head off or a pack of angry dogs might burst through a door and terrorize a family.
Rob Bignell, Editor, Writing Affirmations: A Collection of Positive Messages to Inspire Writers|When I reach for my pen, nothing is out of reach.
Terry Pratchett, Going Postal|Time travel was only a kind of magic, after all. That's why it always went wrong.
John Walters|If you try to bring 'teen drama,' you end up doing nothing but pouting.
Ana Spoke, Shizzle, Inc|The fear of the unknown was eclipsed by the gladness that came of taking action, of doing something rather than waiting, of following what seemed to be the call of my life.
Giancarlo Esposito|I've always liked telling stories. That probably came from my dad, who definitely had the gift of gab and who wove a kind of personal folklore about his youth - stories full of adventure and ghosts and wild antics.
Jules Renard|I don't know if God exists, but it would be better for His reputation if He didn't.
Latika Teotia|Whenever I am sad and depressed; whenever I cry tears of pain or frustration I ask my little heart, why do I cry. Why does this emotion overtake me time and again. Then a little voice from within say that it’s OK to cry once in a while. If you’ve been hurt, it’s better to cry yourself to calmness, to console yourself instead of retaliating. These tears make me human instead of becoming a hard hearted person. Tears retain the innocent being within me. So tears are my biggest strength, they are my best friends…
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Love is sacred state of mind, body and soul.
Tony Stewart|Best said possibly the only thing that would have changed my attitude: 'What will happen to me?' 'Your friend MacLeod will look after you,' I said. Best replied, 'If you get out, I get out.' There was silence for some moments. I thought of all the joy of the early experiments which we had known together. Here was loyalty.
Regina Doman, The Midnight Dancers|Life is very tough and fragile at the same time, it never backs down or surrenders, but will break open to reveal its beauty and ugliness. As a evening primrose that blooms in the flooding moonlight, just before being trampled upon underfoot by the four-legged frost of the night.
Leo Tolstoy, Resurrection|There are many faiths, but the spirit is one — in me, and in you, and in him. So that if everyone believes himself, all will be united; everyone be himself and all will be as one.
Pierre Ceresole, For Peace and Truth: From the Note-books of Pierre Ceresole|Romantic EgoistNozomi: You've got an idea in your head... how you should act, but you can't act like, so you stifle yourself and don't even try.
Tim Kreider, We Learn Nothing|I don’t know why we take our worst moods so much more seriously than our best, crediting depression with more clarity than euphoria. We dismiss peak moments and passionate love affairs as an ephemeral chemical buzz, just endorphins or hormones, but accept those 3 A.M. bouts of despair as unsentimental insights into the truth about our lives.
Lisa Renee Jones, Behind Closed Doors|I just gave you permission to fuck me, but be clear: I'm not another notch on your belt. You're a notch on mine.
Richard Holbrooke, To End a War: The Conflict in Yugoslavia--America's Inside Story--Negotiating with Milosevic|The negotiations were simultaneously cerebral and physical, abstract and personal, something like a combination of chess and mountain climbing.
Orrin Woodward|If you fill your head with positive thoughts, there won't be any room left for negative ones.
Eudora Welty, On Writing|Evere since I was first to read, then started reading to myself, there has never been a line read that I didn't hear. As my eyes followed the sentence, a voice was saying it silently to me. It wasn't my mother's voice, or the voice of any person I can identify, certainly not my own. It is human, but inward, and it is inwardly that I listen to it. It is to me the voice of the poem or the story itself. The cadence, whatever it is that asks you to believe, the feeling that resides in the printed word, reaches me through the reader-voice. I have supposed, but never found out, that this is the case with all readers - to read as listeners - and with all writers, to write as listeners. It may be part of the desire to write. The sound of what falls on the page begins the process of testing it for truth, for me. Whether I am right to trust so far I don't know. By now I don;t know whether I could do either one, reading or writing, without the other.
Isabel Allende, Inés of My Soul|​Courage is a virtue appreciated in a male but considered a defect in our gender. Bold women are a threat to a world that is badly out of balance, in favor of men.
David Almond, My Name Is Mina|When virtue and modesty enlighten her charms, the lustre of a beautiful woman is brighter than the stars of heaven, and the influence of her power it is in vain to resist.
Algernon Blackwood, The Wendigo|The dusk rapidly deepened; the glades grew dark; the crackling of the fire and the wash of little waves along the rocky lake shore were the only sounds audible. The wind had dropped with the sun, and in all that vast world of branches nothing stirred. Any moment, it seemed, the woodland gods, who are to be worshipped in silence and loneliness, might stretch their mighty and terrific outlines among the trees.
Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook|You can't live your life for other people. You've got to do what's right for you, even if it hurts some people you love.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Every day has exactly 1,440 minutes; can’t you find even ten of them to be with your heavenly Father? Doesn’t God deserve the best minutes of your day?
Gloria Steinem|If you ask me about my views on the environment, on women's rights, on gay rights, I am liberal. I don't have a problem with that at all. Some of my best friends are liberal.
Paul Cookson|Eat, sleep & Breathe your business to ensure it's success
Teresa R. Funke, The No-No Boys|One day this war will end. And when it does, Tule Lake will be just a memory.
Wu Cheng'en, Journey to the West|The present is always the best, even when its rough.
Germaine Greer, The Female Eunuch|I got him' is nonsense in terms of love relationships, and so is 'I lost him'. If we could stop thinking in terms of capture, we would not have to fear the loosening of the captives' bonds and our failing beauty, and he would not have ulcers about being outsrtipped or belittled.
Sheila M. Burke, Enriched Heart: The Tao of Balancing Your Big, Beautiful, Badass Soul|When you change the way you feel, it changes the way you think. When you change the way you think, you change the way you deal with everything in life.
William Shakespeare|Oft have I heard that grief softens the mind, And makes it fearful and degenerate; Think therefore on revenge and cease to weep.
Nick Trout, Tell Me Where It Hurts: A Day of Humor, Healing, and Hope in My Life as an Animal Surgeon|It may be a cat, a bird, a ferret, or a guinea pig, but the chances are high that when someone close to you dies, a pet will be there to pick up the slack. Pets devour the loneliness. They give us purpose, responsibility, a reason for getting up in the morning, and a reason to look to the future. They ground us, help us escape the grief, make us laugh, and take full advantage of our weakness by exploiting our furniture, our beds, and our refrigerator. We wouldn't have it any other way. Pets are our seat belts on the emotional roller coaster of life--they can be trusted, they keep us safe, and they sure do smooth out the ride.
Charlotte Brontë|My sister Emily first declined. The details of her illness are deep-branded in my memory, but to dwell on them, either in thought or narrative, is not in my power. Never in all her life had she lingered over any task that lay before her, and she did not linger now. She sank rapidly. She made haste to leave us. Yet, while physically she perished, mentally, she grew stronger than we had yet known her. Day by day, when I saw with what a front she met suffering, I looked on her with anguish of wonder and love. I have seen nothing like it; but, indeed, I have never seen her parallel in anything. Stronger than a man, simpler than a child, her nature stood alone. The awful point was, that, while full of ruth for others, on herself she had no pity; the spirit inexorable to the flesh; from the trembling hand, the unnerved limbs, the faded eyes, the same service exacted as they had rendered in health. To stand by and witness this, and not dare to remonstrate, was pain no words can render.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|One thing you'll learn as you get older, Simon, is that when people tell you something unpleasant about themselves, it's usually true.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|Charlotte looked up doubtfully, wondering why, as she got older, she seemed to be more afraid of things, not less.
J.A. Redmerski, The Edge of Never|At five-thirty the rain began to fall in great, heavy drops which bounced off the pavement before they spread out into black spots. At the same time thunder rumbled from the direction of Charenton and an eddy of wind lifted the dust, carried away the hats of passers-by who took to their heels and who, after a few confused moments, were all in the shelter of doorways or under the awnings of cafe terraces. Street pedlars of the Faubourg Saint-Antoine scurried about with an apron or a sack over their heads, pushing their carts as they tried to run. Rivulets already began to flow along the two sides of the street, the gutters sang, and on every floor you could see people hurriedly closing their windows.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You cannot stop the ocean's current, but you can swim.
Grace Willows|We cannot see love yet its nurturing warmth is the essence of our being and sorrow can touch our very soul. For remorse is like a ripple on the ocean, once given it remains only in the heart of the receiver.Believe in Yourself by Grace Willows
B. Barmanbek, Culpa Innata|In the world union, prosperity is a science, self-interest a new religion, peace is at hand and the future has never looked brighter.
Frederick Buechner, Now and Then: A Memoir of Vocation|Listen to your life. See it for the fathomless mystery it is. In the boredom and pain of it, no less than in the excitement and gladness: touch, taste, smell your way to the holy and hidden heart of it, because in the last analysis all moments are key moments, and life itself is grace.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wind's Twelve Quarters|If Jackson had learned one thing over the years it was that nothing, absolutely nothing, was above corruption so long as human beings were involved, because, in truth, most people were not above the lure of the dollar or other material entitlements.
Erma Bombeck|My theory on housework is, if the item doesn't multiply, smell, catch fire, or block the refrigerator door, let it be. No one else cares. Why should you?
Stephen Richards|Before you can make your dreams work, you have to get out of bed!!
Nick Lake|They're both a bit cavalier about the whole thing at first; more than anything, they seem to think that it's going to be a lot of fun. Which it is, of course, but mostly in the way a plane crash is fun to reminisce about after you survive it.
Jyrki Vainonen|Dive again and again into the river of uncertainty. Create in the dark, only then can you recognize the light.
Sunday Adelaja|If your small work does not experience increase and growth, you will be starving yourself inspiration
Nelson Jack|Every great painting includes hundreds of imperfect brushstrokes" Ray White
Jess Row|I think there's actually a benefit to working with teen actors: they've got such boundless energy, and everybody is willing to try different things.
Derek Landy, The Dying of the Light|I am Detective Inspector Me. This is my partner, Detective Her."The traffic warden frowned. "Her?""Me," said Stephanie."Him?""Not me," said Skulduggery. "Her.""Me," said Stephanie."You?" said the traffic warden."Yes," said Stephanie. "I'm sorry, who are you?"Stephanie looked at him. "I'm Her, he's Me. Got it?
Isabelle Hardesty, Legends of the Dragon Vol. 1|Be careful mi amor, don't hurt anyone this time.
Mark F. LaMoure|Now is the right time for you to become excellent. By taking action on your dreams of excellence, you start polishing the rough diamond you are. As you buff and shine yourself with practice, sparkling success becomes yours.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|Grace is an attitude of generosity toward our fellow humans. We are not easily offended and do not look to judge and label others. With a spirit of graciousness, we are amiable, benevolent, and charitable.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|Here's a glorious thought: You don't have to settle. Ever. In life, in love, in your career…ANYWHERE!
Amanda Browning, Web of Deceit|WHAT am I, after all, but a child, pleas’d with the sound of my own name? repeating it over and over;	 I stand apart to hear—it never tires me.	 To you, your name also;	 Did you think there was nothing but two or three pronunciations in the sound of your name?
W.W. Jacobs, The Monkey's Paw and Other Tales of Mystery and Macabre|I've never understood it,' continued Wilfred Carr, yawning. 'It's not in my line at all; I never had enough money for my own wants, let alone for two. Perhaps if I were as rich as you or Croesus I might regard it differently.'There was just sufficient meaning in the latter part of the remark for his cousin to forbear to reply to it. He continued to gaze out of the window and to smoke slowly.'Not being as rich as Croesus - or you,' resumed Carr, regarding him from beneath lowered lids, 'I paddle my own canoe down the stream of Time, and, tying it to my friends' doorposts, go in to eat their dinners.' ("The Well")
Debasish Mridha|You are incredible, amazing, and magical.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|It doesn't matter that you didn't believe in us," said Mr. Ibis. "We believed in you.
J.G. Ballard, Running Wild|In a totally sane society, madness is the only freedom.
Scott Walker|Any good broadcast, not just an Olympic broadcast, should have texture to it. It should have information, should have some history, should have something that's offbeat, quirky, humorous, and where called for it, should have journalism, and judiciously it should also have commentary. That's my ideal.
Zora Neale Hurston|When one is too old for love, one finds great comfort in good dinners.
David Souter|If increasing income equality is the goal, it might be wiser to put money into infrastructure than to subsidize manufacturing. Construction also pays good wages, but with lower educational requirements. And America's infrastructure needs are enormous.
Glen Duncan, The Last Werewolf|Ah ha!' the Doc screeched suddenly, wheeling around. ''The salicylic acid! Maybe it SHOULD have been heated first!
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Ma'am," he said, reaching for the door. He held it open, his posture as erect and sturdy as a pole.I eyed the man's uniform, the pins and badges that signified his military rank and position. At that moment I felt opposing forces wash over me, clashing internally like a cold and warm front meeting in the air.At first I was hit by a burning sense of respect and gratitude. How privileged a person I was to have this soldier unbar the way for me, maintaining a clear path that I might advance unhindered. The symbolism marked by his actions did strike me with remarkable intensity. How many virtual doors would be shut in my face if not for dutiful soldiers like him?As I went to step forward, my feet nearly faltered as if they felt unworthy. It was I who ought to be holding open the door for this gentleman—this representative of great heroes present and past who did fight and sacrifice and continue to do so to keep doors open, paths free and clear for all of humanity.I moved through the entrance and thanked him."Yes, ma'am," he said.How strange that I should feel such pride while passing through his open door.
George Santayana|Tis but a part we see, and not a whole.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|Everything can be achieved through gradual steps – one small step at a time: overcoming fears, fulfilling dreams... anything you wish to be different from the way it is.
Simone de Beauvoir, The Woman Destroyed|One always has to wait until the sugar melts, the memory dies, the wound scars over, the sun sets, the unhappiness lifts and fades away.
Karl Drinkwater, Turner|Momentarily, through one good eye, he could see the moon. Something below moved and he span around to where he could see the house. His family were in there. Alone. He could not protect them and he would not see them again.
Anthony T Hincks|When I reach my mountain top I will step off and follow the clouds all the way to the top of the world.Once there, I'll probably keep going.Who knows?Perhaps I will meet God along the way.
Anne Frank|If I read a book that impresses me, I have to take myself firmly in hand before I mix with other people; otherwise they would think my mind rather queer.
Franz Grillparzer|I'm quite sure that most writers would sustain real poetry if they could, but it takes devotion and talent.
Just Josh, The Puppy Room|Jasper set an intercepting course towards that Rhylonian Star Duster. Maybe we can catch them on their blind side.”“Doesn’t this ship have a cloak?” Jaq asks.“Miss Synergy, I don’t know what they teach now a’days at the Academy, but ships do not wear clothes.
Lauren Beukes, Moxyland|This is my idea of family, actually, a sticky morass you can't chew your way out of.
Ridhdhesh Jivawala|I was wrong, I thought I could change her to different, something better, elegant, but instead of it the same thing she gifted to me, don't know why, when, how, but she did so well..!
John Calvin, Institutes of the Christian Religion|Those who set up a fictitious worship, merely worship and adore their own delirious fancies; indeed, they would never dare so to trifle with God, had they not previously fashioned him after their own childish conceits.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Life is education, it only end in death.
Joanna Brooks, The Book of Mormon Girl: Stories from an American Faith|No one says: when my family treated me as a stranger, I preferred the company of strangers, and I walked among strangers and what did I find but God in every one of their faces.
Rebel Wilson|I believe in miracles. At the age of 13, I was on holiday in Moscow with my mother. It was the only trip I took in my whole childhood. We stepped off a metro train and were approached by a talent scout who told me that she wanted to sign me to her modeling agency.
Scott   Jackson, As I Stand Here At The Altar|It was then I thought of Corsica, the place we had discovered together. I craved the wind, the sun and salt, the simplicity of the island.
Marc de Swaan Arons|Real-time marketing is not for everyone. To take advantage of it, you need to have a clear idea of what it is you want to achieve through it.
Rachel Caine, Ghost Town|Kai neared his desk again, seeing that the fugitive's profile had been transferred to the screen. His frown deepened. Perhaps not dangerous, but young and inarguably good-looking. His prison photo showed him flippantly winking at the camera. Kai hated him immediately.
Jennifer Aniston|If you do what you love, you'll never work a day in your life.
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|Our generation is realistic, for we have come to know man as he really is. After all, man is that being who in­ vented the gas chambers of Auschwitz; however, he is also that being who entered those gas chambers upright, with the Lord's Prayer or the Shema Yisrael on his lips.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban|How're we getting to King's Cross tomorrow, Dad?" asked Fred as they dug into a sumptuous pudding."The Ministry's providing a couple of cars," said Mr. Weasley.Everyone looked up at him."Why?" said Percy curiously."It's because of you, Perce," said George seriously. "And there'll be little flags on the hoods, with HB on them-""-for Humongous Bighead," said Fred.
Barbara Bice, Just Right|Usually, fundamentalists, be they Christian, Muslim, or any faith, shape and interpret religious thought to make it conform to and legitimize a conservative status quo. Fundamentalist thinkers use religion to justify supporting imperialism, militarism, sexism, racism, homophobia. They deny the message of love that is at the heart of every major religious tradition.
Eli Pariser|To me, integrity means always doing what is right and good, regardless of the immediate consequences. It means being righteous from the very depth of our soul, not only in our actions but, more importantly, in our thoughts and in our hearts.
Terrell Davis|Even in high school, I'd tell my mom I was sick of swimming and wanted to try to play golf. She wasn't too happy. She'd say, 'Think about this.' And I'd always end up getting back in the pool.
Vironika Tugaleva|I believe that the best leadership is loud authenticity. That is what the world needs now. We don’t need more plastic, Photoshopped perfection. I don’t want people to look at me and wish they could be me. I want people to be more accepting of their own failures, imperfections, and struggles because they are inspired by how I accept my own.
Balroop Singh, Emotional Truths Of Relationships|When you are filled with inner clutter, the chaos reflects in your personality as obsessiveness, confusion, disorganisation, broken speech patterns, insomnia, indecisiveness, and lack of direction. When your home and world are in disrray, you can't relax. It takes more energy to be in chaos because you have to keep track of all the junk. Eventually exhaustion sets in. When you honestly look at clutter and ask if it's necessary in your life, buried emotions come to the surface.... Toss what's unnecessary so that you can finally relax, and your remaining possessions will have a clear place to land.
Megan Fox|I had a crazy life for a teenager. I lived in New Jersey, but I'd go to Vermont for three weeks, join a commune, take pictures with the guy I was dating, come back home, and post photos.
Debasish Mridha|Life is a journey, education is our pleasure and our memory.
Kahlil Gibran, Mirrors of the Soul|I'd never chosen to be alone, but that was the way things had turned out, and I'd grown used to it.
Luminita D. Saviuc|Above all, avoid falsehood, every kind of falsehood, especially falseness to yourself. Watch over your own deceitfulness and look into it every hour, every minute.
Louis L'Amour|Kill him? Would that be it? No man knew better than he the tricks that Destiny plays on a man, or how often the right man dies at the wrong time and place. A man never wore a gun without inviting trouble, he never stepped into a street and began the gunman's walk without the full knowledge that he might be a shade too slow, that some small thing might disturb him just long enough!
Cheryl Matthynssens, The Blackguard|A man has the strength to face what he is thrown in life. If he falls or is beaten, he does not complain but gets up and rides in to face the challenge once more.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|Funerals are for the living, Jace, not for the dead.
Akosua Dardaine Edwards, What Did I Learn Today? Lessons on the Journey to Unconditional Self-Love|True friends—those that want nothing for you but peace, harmony, and joy—sometimes more than you want it for yourself—will rise to the surface. Those are the ones to listen to and commune with. You will know their voice because it’s authentic as well, and it speaks with no ulterior motives or projections. It may not tell you pretty things, but it will always speak in love.
|Many men know the recipes of life, but only few go into the kitchen to cook it. Go make it happen!
Gabrielle Zevin, All These Things I've Done|My life is in these books, he wants to tell her. Read these and know my heart.
Christopher Hitchens, Hitch-22: A Memoir|The most awful tyranny is that of the proximate Utopia where the last sins are currently being eliminated and where, tomorrow, there will be no more sins because all the sinners will have been wiped out. p. 22
Ray Lamontagne|And when all your faith is gone let it be me, if it's a friend you need let it be me
Jeannette Walls|When people kill themselves, they think they're ending the pain, but all they're doing is passing it on to those they leave behind.
Steven Seagal|Whenever a man has cast a longing eye on offices, a rottenness begins in his conduct.
Marie Clements, The Unnatural and Accidental Women|So she steeled herself. “I have never told anyone this story. No one in the world knows it. But it's mine,” she said, blinking past the burning in her eyes, “and it's time for me to tell it.”Rowan leaned back on the rock, bracing his palms behind him.“Once upon a time,” she said to him, to the world, to herself, “in a land long since burned to ash, there lived a young princess who loved her kingdom . . . very much.”And then she told him of the princess whose heart had burned with wildfire, of the mighty kingdom in the north, of its downfall and of the sacrifice of Lady Marion.
Ron Baratono|However beautiful a morning may be, we still must not wish it to continue endlessly, because this shall mean missing forever all the beauties of the night!
Christy A. Campbell, A Halo Sun|There is the scent too. Wonder follows it; wonder about how a boy can smell like that when he probably has no idea. He smells like the woods in the winter or the rain when it first falls, or maybe it’s just the way he always smells and there is no way to define it.
Daniel Taradash|Flo Owens: You liked him, didn't you Helen? Helen Potts: Yes, I did. I got so used to things as they were: Everything so prim, the geranium in the window, the smell of mama's medicines. And then he walked in, and it was different! He clomped through the place like he was still outdoors. There was a man in the place and it seemed good!
Jared Diamond, Collapse: How Societies Choose to Fail or Succeed|For anyone inclined to caricature environmental history as 'environmental determinism,' the contrasting histories of the Dominican Republic and Haiti provide a useful antidote. Yes, environmental problems do constrain human societies, but the societies' responses also make a difference.
Aidan Gillen|Why, on my mother's birthday, am I thinking about 'Father Knows Best?' At our house, mother knew best at least as often as father did, but then the title of the old sitcom, a homogenized portrait of American family life, was meant to be slightly sardonic.
Joyce Carol Oates|I don't go to shows because I just want to listen to the music performed live. I want to get to know the person who's performing it. Or I want to, like, take away a sense that I had an experience that nobody else is going to have again, or a unique experience for that moment.
Anthony T. Hincks|I may be deaf to the sounds of the world, but you have shown me how I can hear by seeing the color in your smile and feeling the touch of your hand in mine.
Brandi Salazar, Faerie Tales: The Misfortune of a Teenage Socialite|What's Hecuba to him, or he to Hecuba,That he should weep for her?
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|Why, because an author has more rights than ordinary people, as everybody knows. People will stand much more from him.
Isabel Allende, My Invented Country : A Nostalgic Journey Through Chile|Literary characters, like my grandmother's apparitions, are fragile beings, easily frightened; they must be treated with care so they will feel comfortable in my pages
Tupac Shakur|In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing, the next best thing is the wrong thing, and the worst thing you can do is nothing.
Albert Camus, The Rebel: An Essay on Man in Revolt|Genetics, accidents of birth or events in early childhood have left criminals' brains and bodies with measurable flaws predisposing them to committing assault, murder and other antisocial acts. .... Many offenders also have impairments in their autonomic nervous system, the system responsible for the edgy, nervous feeling that can come with emotional arousal. This leads to a fearless, risk-taking personality, perhaps to compensate for chronic under-arousal. Many convicted criminals, like the Unabomber, have slow heartbeats. It also gives them lower heart rates, which explains why heart rate is such a good predictor of criminal tendencies. The Unabomber, Ted Kaczynski, for example, had a resting heart rate of just 54 beats per minute, which put him in the bottom 3 per cent of the population.
Nien Cheng, Life and Death in Shanghai|Communism, my dear," I said when I managed to get hold of a bunch of bananas for hers and let them ripen on the windowsill, given her just one each day so they'd last for a while
Charles Bukowski|If I bet on humanity, I'd never cash a ticket.
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|I always have my reasons, even when I don't know what they are.
Jalaluddin Rumi, Bridge to the Soul: Journeys Into the Music and Silence of the Heart|The moon splits open.We move through, waterbirds risingto look for another lake.Or say we are living in a love-ocean,where trust works to caulk our body-boat,to make it last a little while,until the inevitable shipwreck,the total marriage, the death-union.Dissolve in friendship,like two drunkards fighting.Do not look for justice herein the jungle where your animal soulgives you bad advice.Drink enough wine so that you stop talking.You are a lover, and love is a tavernwhere no one makes much sense.Even if the things you say are poemsas dense as sacks of Solomon's gold,they become pointless.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|Love wins, love always wins.
Frans de Waal|Strong combat leadership is never by committee. Platoon commanders must command, and command in battle isn't based on consensus. It's based on consent. Any leader wields only as much authority and influence as is conferred by the consent of those he leads. The Marines allowed me to be their commander, and they could revoke their permission at any time.
Sherman Alexie, The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian|When i spend too much time in my head, focused on things in the past or things in the future... when i lose sight of the present, i fold in on myself, mentally, my thoughts become toxic and distorted, my emotions, darken.
Helen Simonson, Major Pettigrew's Last Stand|I have produced no children of my own and my husband is dead," she replied, an acid tone in her voice. "Thus I am more to be pitied than revered. I am expected to give up the shop to my nephew, who will then be able to afford to bring a very good wife from Pakistan. In exchange, I will be given houseroom and no doubt, the honor of taking care of several small children of other family members."The Major was silent. He was at once appalled and also reluctant to hear any more. This was why people usually talked about the weather.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|People will always tell you what they think you should or should not do. But your life is only between you and God. If you have doubts whether what you’re doing is right or wrong, before you make any decision, look up and ask God. You will always know the answer.
Bruno Mars|In science, we must be interested in things, not in persons.
Paul Feig|There's a film I did years ago, 'Love Serenade,' that I still really love. It's such an oddball sense of humor. It was a really special film for me when I did it.
Terry Eagleton|Not all of Derrida's writing is to everyone's taste. He had an irritating habit of overusing the rhetorical question, which lends itself easily to parody: 'What is it, to speak? How can I even speak of this? Who is this "I" who speaks of speaking?
Albert J. LaChance, The Third Covenant: The Transmission of Consciousness in the Work of Pierre Teilhard de Chardin, Thomas Berry, and Albert J. LaChance|In these writings, and in all my teaching work, I continue to ask the question, “What about the children?
Elizabeth Camden, Beyond All Dreams|It hadn't escaped her notice that when she let him believe the worst of her, still he vowed to stand beside her and work toward forgiveness.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man|And yet how simple it is: in one day, in one hour everything could be arranged at once! The chief thing is to love others like yourself, that’s the chief thing, and that’s everything; nothing else is wanted — you will find out at once how to arrange it all.
aman verma|There's no more important mission, because it's folly to think that we can doom wildlife to oblivion and believe humans will be just fine. That's a world I hope to never lay eyes upon.
Karen Maitland, Company of Liars|It was quite a beautiful thing, the way we simply just came to be, with no effort or trying and slowly we found each other’s hands in the dark. No chains or promises, just a simple sign of hopethat things will go on and get betterand that things and people and views are still out there, yet to be found.
Chinonye J. Chidolue|The fewer the words, the better you’re heard!
Krista Tippett|As a brand marketer, I'm a big believer in 'branding the customer experience,' not just selling the service.
Katja Michael|I must forget you forever; that kind face, beautiful smile and heartbreaking black eyes, I should have known that, angels are not made for humans.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Just be Nice. Nice—this little word has a big meaning. Use it generously. Being nice helps people feel emotionally safe, allowing for more authentic, trusting, and happy interactions.
Ayn Rand|The older I get, the greater power I seem to have to help the world; I am like a snowball - the further I am rolled the more I gain.
Jet Mykles, Heaven|That’s when it hit him with the force of a fastball in the chest: He was falling in love with Shane MacKinnon. He hardly knew her, and yet he knew with absolutely certainty that she was everything he’d ever wanted. He wanted to hold her like this for the rest of their lives. He wanted to wipe away her tears. He wanted to make her happy, take care of her, protect her from harm. He wanted to make babies with her and walk beside her as they grew old. He wanted to be buried next to her. Falling? It was completely nuts, but he couldn’t deny it: He was already in love with her. And it scared the crap out of him.
Shona Moyce, Immisceo Taken|It was more real than anything she’d ever imagined, and she clung to that in the same way that the sky clung to the earth.
Molière|A wise man is superior to any insults which can be put upon him, and the best reply to unseemly behavior is patience and moderation.
Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad|It was her last breakfast with Bapi, her last morning in Greece. In her frenetic bliss that kept her up till dawn, she’d scripted a whole conversation in Greek for her and Bapi to have as their grand finale of the summer. Now she looked at him contentedly munching on his Rice Krispies, waiting for the right juncture for launchtime.He looked up at her briefly and smiled, and she realized something important. This was how they both liked it. Though most people felt bonded by conversation, Lena and Bapi were two of a kind who didn’t. They bonded by the routine of just eating cereal together.She promptly forgot her script and went back to her cereal.At one point, when she was down to just milk, Bapi reached over and put his hand on hers. ‘You’re my girl,’ he said.And Lena knew she was.
Stella Young|I really think that it's disgusting that Paris is the only place where it is illegal for paps to follow you around. It actually took someone losing their life - Diana, an inspirational woman - and then it changed, but they still won't change it in London! It's horrible!
Hunter S. Thompson, The Great Shark Hunt: Strange Tales from a Strange Time|Surely, though, I must have stolen into the future and landed in an H.G. Wells-style world - a horrific, fantastic society in which people's faces contained only eyes, millions of healthy young adults and children dropped dead from the flu, boys got transported out of the country to be blown to bits, and the government arrested citizens for speaking the wrong words. Such a place couldn't be real. And it couldn't be the United States of America, "the land of the free and the home of the brave." But it was. I was on a train in my own country, in a year the devil designed. 1918.
Alan Brennert, Moloka'i|What's it like? Being married?Cold feet. Middle of the night you're sleeping, suddenly, wham, you've got ice cold feet warming themselves on the back of your legs.
Danielle Monsch, Stone Guardian|The Oracle handed her a small, leather bound booklet, about as thick as a pamphlet, and said, “You are a teacher, yes?”It was nice of the Oracle to phrase things in the form of a question and let people feel they were imparting information. “Yes, I am.”“Excellent. I know teachers value learning, and this book has very valuable information on gargoyles. If Terak remains part of your life, this you’ll want to know.”Larissa weighed it in her hand. “This is a very light history.”The Oracle arched one fine brow. “Why would I bother with that? This, my dear, is about how gargoyles mate.
Joe L. Wheeler|There is something deep within us that sobs at endings. Why, God, does everything have to end? Why does all nature grow old? Why do spring and summer have to go?
Sherman Alexie, The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian|THE UNOFFICIAL AND UNWRITTEN(but you better follow them or you’re going to get beaten twice as hard)SPOKANE INDIAN RULES OF FISTICUFFS:1. IF SOMEBODY INSULTS YOU, THEN YOU HAVE TO FIGHT HIM.2. IF YOU THINK SOMEBODY IS GOING TO INSULT YOU, THEN YOU HAVE TO FIGHT HIM.3. IF YOU THINK SOMEBODY IS THINKING ABOUT INSULTING YOU, THEN YOU HAVE TO FIGHT HIM.4. IF SOMEBODY INSULTS ANY OF YOUR FAMILY OR FRIENDS, OR IF YOU THINK THEY’RE GOING TO INSULT YOUR FAMILY OR FRIENDS, OR IF YOU THINK THEY’RE THINKING ABOUT INSULTING YOUR FAMILY OR FRIENDS, THEN YOU HAVE TO FIGHT HIM.5. YOU SHOULD NEVER FIGHT A GIRL, UNLESS SHE INSULTS YOU, YOUR FAMILY, OR YOUR FRIENDS, THEN YOU HAVE TO FIGHT HER.6. IF SOMEBODY BEATS UP YOUR FATHER OR YOUR MOTHER, THEN YOU HAVE TO FIGHT THE SON AND/OR DAUGHTER OF THE PERSON WHO BEAT UP YOUR MOTHER OR FATHER.7. IF YOUR MOTHER OR FATHER BEATS UP SOMEBODY, THEN THAT PERSON’S SON AND/OR DAUGHTER WILL FIGHT YOU.8. YOU MUST ALWAYS PICK FIGHTS WITH THE SONS AND/OR DAUGHTERS OF ANY INDIANS WHO WORK FOR THE BUREA OF INDIAN AFFAIRS.9. YOU MUST ALWAYS PICK FIGHTS WITH THE SONS AND/OR DAUGHTERS OF ANY WHITE PEOPLE WHO LIVE ANYWHERE ON THE RESERVATION.10. IF YOU GET IN A FIGHT WITH SOMEBODY WHO IS SURE TO BEAT YOU UP, THEN YOU MUST THROW THE FIRST PUNCH, BECAUSE IT’S THE ONLY PUNCH YOU’LL EVER GET TO THROW.11. IN ANY FIGHT, THE LOSER IS THE FIRST ONE WHO CRIES.
Dr. Seuss, The Cat in the Hat|It didn’t rain for you, maybe, but it always rains for me. The sky shatters and rains shards of glass.
Stephen Fry|Through the Fellows Program, Acumen Fund prepares future global leaders with the tools necessary to drive significant social change.
David Chase|I used to think about how nice it would be to visit the planets. Of course, I didn't expect to see in my lifetime what has happened. I knew it would happen some day, but it came along faster than I at first thought.
William Empson|We climb to heaven most often on the ruins of our cherished plans, finding our failures were successes.
Tim Heidecker|Just growing up in Pittsburgh and knowing different neighborhoods, having family there and just loving it, it's like no other place.
Sara Pennypacker, Summer of the Gypsy Moths|You must never tell people their own stories. They have no interest in them, or they think they can tell them better themselves. Give them a stranger's life, and then they're content.
Layne Beachley|There are so many people put there who will tell you that you can't. What you've got to do is turn around and say "Watch me.
Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce|How could you do that to me?" I repeat. I don´t have to itemize. He knows what I speak of.Eventually N produces three answers, in this 
Lailah Gifty Akita|Best gifts: love, prayer, books!
Anyaele Sam Chiyson, The Sagacity of Sage|Anyaele Sam Chiyson Leadership Law of Responsibility: Great leaders greet their geniuses through their greatest power of choice, principle-based living and highest means of expressing their voice.
Stasi Eldredge, Becoming Myself: Embracing God's Dream of You|How does a person perform nobly in Hell?" I asked her."You plant flowers," she hissed. "You feed the birds, while they're burning...
Anna White, Mended: Thoughts on Life, Love, and Leaps of Faith|God wants to take the fears that you and I are holding onto with both hands. He throws them aside, effortless, and then takes our empty hands in His and fills them with his love. He is not a hard driver. He wants to provide.
E.A. Bucchianeri|Over the past 60 years, marketing has moved from being product-centric (Marketing 1.0) to being consumer-centric (Marketing 2.0). Today we see marketing as transforming once again in response to the new dynamics in the environment. We see companies expanding their focus from products to consumers to humankind issues. Marketing 3.0 is the stage when companies shift from consumer-centricity to human-centricity and where profitability is balanced with corporate responsibility.
Rabih Alameddine|He turned to leave when arms suddenly wrapped around him from behind, stalling him. Sighing, he closed his eyes, taking a moment to savor her touch. "Angel.""Luce."He pulled her into his arms as he whispered, "I love you.""I love you, too." Serah said, clinging to him. "When I opened my eyes, I didn't want to be here, because I didn't think you'd be here. I thought you'd be down there again, back in the pit, and I'd take an eternity in your Hell before I took a single second in my Heaven without you.
Lauren Handel Zander, Maybe It's You: Cut the Crap. Face Your Fears. Love Your Life.|Telling the whole truth and nothing but is the ultimate taking care of yourself. I can’t tell you how many clients of mine, once they clean up their lie list and resolve the big ones, cure themselves of their own depression.
Lailah GiftyAkita|Keep trying no matter how many times you have failed.If you fail, try, try again.Never stop trying.You success will come unexpected.
Butch Trucks|I have a couple of go-to sneakers off the pitch. I like to have shoes that I can slip on and wear with anything. I travel often, so it's about finding those two or three pairs of shoes that can go with any outfit, whether they go with leggings or a skirt or a dress or jeans.
David Wong, This Book Is Full of Spiders: Seriously, Dude, Don't Touch It|I mostly felt fortunate, to have lived here, in this house, in this town, with this family and these parents, and tried to think of all the things that had influenced me along the way.
Albert Camus|When the world is so complicated, the simple gift of friendship is within all of our hands.
Sima Mittal|As I walk , I light the lamp of my soul. As I walk, I light the wick of another’s soul.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide|Since extra-sensory perception (ESP) is awareness of the world beyond the senses, it would be inappropriate to term this Sixth Sense ‘extrasensory’.
Marilyn Monroe|I used to think as I looked out on the Hollywood night — there must be thousands of girls sitting alone like me, dreaming of becoming a movie star. But I'm not going to worry about them. I'm dreaming the hardest.
Osho, The Journey of Being Human: Is It Possible to Find Real Happiness in Ordinary Life?|Impossible can be possible,if you don't say only I am.
Paolo Aluffi, Algebra: Chapter 0|In his school, Bertrand Russell thought it was better if they had the sex, so they could give their undivided attention to mathematics, which was the main thing.
Laurell K. Hamilton|He invaded my consciousness in the same way the ocean washes up on the beach, with sweeping tides of longing and regret, and with such power and raw force, I often woke with the taste of salt from my tears clinging to my skin." Joanna about Ben
Doris Kearns Goodwin, Wait Till Next Year|Don't let the bonds of fear and doubt keep you from attempting the impossible. Each attempt will loosen the chains and you'll eventually break free, thus finding the 'impossible' was actually possible all along.
Eustace Conway|Just imagine if you took all the money you've spent on these things and traveled around the world with it, instead, or bought books and read them. Think about how much you would know about life.
David Wroblewski, The Story of Edgar Sawtelle|Edgar, do you actually think that how long a person grieves is a measure of how much they loved someone? There's no rule book that says how to do this." She laughed, bitterly. "Wouldn't that be great? No decisions to make. Everything laid right out for us. But there's no such thing. You want facts, don't you? Rules. Proof. You're like your father that way. Just because a thing can't be logged, charted, and summarized doesn't mean it isn't real. Half the time we walk around in love with the idea of a thing instead of the reality of it. But sometimes things don't turn out that way. You have to pay attentin to what's real, what's in the world. Not some imaginary alternative, as if it's a choice we could make.
Arshdeep Singh Samrala|One of the most important gifts that you can give to yourself is the gift of self-education, that is the best way to grow on constant basis
Michael   Lewis|If your situtation is the fault of anything or anyone else...there is very little hope and absolutely zero power over your own life."Responsibility is about hope and control. And...who doesn't want hope for a greater future that their choices control? ...Most folks look for their car keys with more energy than they search for the wisdom that can change their lives.
George R. Stewart, Earth Abides|It's like in the Bible.You can't always get what you want, but if you really need something, you usually find it.""What part of the Bible is that from?" Ig asked her. "The Gospel of Keith Richards?
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|He was the crazy one who had painted himself black and defeated the world.She was the book thief without the words.Trust me, though, the words were on their way, and when they arrived, Liesel would hold them in her hands like the clouds, and she would wring them out like rain.
Vaddey Ratner|Knowing comes from learning, finding from seeking.
William Faulkner|He had a word, too. Love, he called it. But I had been used to words for a long time. I knew that that word was like the others: just a shape to fill a lack; that when the right time came, you wouldn't need a word for that anymore than for pride or fear.
Idris Elba|If you are in business, you are not enjoying. You are working.
Jordan Castillo Price, Camp Hell|I have a simple philosophy: Fill what's empty. Empty what's full. Scratch where it itches." by Alice Roosevelt Longworth
Sheila Jeffreys, Gender Hurts: A Feminist Analysis of the Politics of Transgenderism|Male domination, and the low and stigmatised status of women, cause teenage girls to engage in punishment of their bodies through eating disorders and self-mutilation. There is increasing evidence that woman-hating Western cultures are toxic to girls and very harmful to their mental health. It is, perhaps, not surprising, therefore, that there seem to be some girls baling out and seeking to upgrade their status.
|Sometimes, it takes an outsider to see the great potential in us. Who you currently think that you are, might not be who you were meant to be. Therefore, it is very important to be open minded about some people's positive suggestions for your life; as long as they are positively tailored for a better fulfilling life.
Dr Sivakumar Gowder|India will become the richest country in the world when all the politicians and their associates return their inappropriate money and assets to the government,
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|I have become more deeply aware of the enormous problems that face our world today, and the dangerous trends which seem to beleading our world to the brink of Armageddon.
Miranda Liasson, This Love of Mine|And when you're not partying in Vegas, what do you do?" she asked. "Prepare for your role as the next James Bond?""No, I don't work alone."She cocked her head as if trying to make sense of his words."I'm a SEAL in Uncle Sam's Navy. When I'm working, I have a team of guys who could kick James Bond's ass watching my back, covering my six at all times.
Thalia Chaltas, Because I Am Furniture|Then why don't I tell on him?If they don't, why don't I?Because.Because I am safe this way,silent unnoticed.
R.H. Blyth|This, then, is what counts: a lightning reaction which has no further need of conscious observation. In this respect at least the pupil makes himself independent of all conscious purpose.
Madison Thorne Grey, Magnificence|She knew without a doubt what he had said was true. They were created for each other. Destined for this time of reconciliation. For Keirah, it was a moment, no, it was the moment of a lifetime, and it would forever be engraved on her heart and etched in her soul to be remembered long after forever.
Hannah Hart, Buffering: Unshared Tales of a Life Fully Loaded|I had everything that I needed, but every morning when I woke up, it just seemed easier to stay in bed and daydream rather than to live my dream.
Diane Setterfield, The Thirteenth Tale|People disappear when they die. Their voice, their laughter, the warmth of their breath. Their flesh. Eventually their bones. All living memory of them ceases. This is both dreadful and natural. Yet for some there is an exception to this annihilation. For in the books they write they continue to exist. We can rediscover them. Their humor, their tone of voice, their moods. Through the written word they can anger you or make you happy. They can comfort you. They can perplex you. They can alter you. All this, even though they are dead. Like flies in amber, like corpses frozen in the ice, that which according to the laws of nature should pass away is, by the miracle of ink on paper, preserved. It is a kind of magic.
John Katzman|I think if education was celebrated in pop culture, we'd live in a better place.
Emilio Gentile, Politics as Religion|Brute force crushes many plants. Yet the plants rise again. The Pyramids will not last a moment compared with the daisy. And before Buddha or Jesus spoke the nightingale sang, and long after the words of Jesus and Buddha are gone into oblivion the nightingale still will sing. Because it is neither preaching nor teaching nor commanding nor urging. It is just singing. And in the beginning was not a Word, but a chirrup.
Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar|I didn't want my picture taken because I was going to cry. I didn't know why I was going to cry, but I knew that if anybody spoke to me or looked at me too closely the tears would fly out of my eyes and the sobs would fly out of my throat and I'd cry for a week. I could feel the tears brimming and sloshing in me like water in a glass that is unsteady and too full.
Chamfort, Màximes i pensaments|In the current state of society, it seems to me that man is corrupted more by reason than by passion.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Heaven is no permanent abode of morons even though they may gain entry by sheer virtuosity of their deeds."Ashoka Prasad(Hegelian Lecture)
Virginia Alison|Solitude, a time for memories, a time to dream, a time for passions to simmer quietly in the dark recesses of the mind, eager to fly yet merely reflections in the minds eye...
Marya Sy|If one can travel through time, fate needn't be absolute.
Roman Reigns|I truly believe that we have the best health care system in the world. It's not perfect, but this business of turning it over to the federal government to try to make it perfect is quite honestly asinine.
Danika Stone, Edge of Wild|The uneasy expression returned and his mouth twisted scornfully. She waited, certain he was going to say something. Lou'd heard it too many times before: a woman doing a man's work. She'd already decided how she was going to cut him down if he did. Instead, he said nothing.
Jason Bateman|If a movie isn't a hit right out of the gate, they drop it. Which means that the whole mainstream Hollywood product has been skewed toward violence and vulgar teen comedy.
Colson Whitehead, The Intuitionist|...[E]xcept the flying fish, there was no race existing on the earth, in the air, or the waters, who were the object of such an intermitting, general, and relentless persecution as the Jews of this period. Upon the slightest and most unreasonable pretences, as well as upon accusations the most absurd and groundless, their persons and property were exposed to every turn of popular fury... Yet the passive courage inspired by the love of gain induced the Jews to dare the various evils to which they were subjected, in consideration of the immense profits which they were enabled to realise in a country naturally so wealthy as England. In spite of every kind of discouragement, and even of the special court of taxations already mentioned, called the Jews' Exchequer, erected for the very purpose of despoiling and distressing them, the Jews increased, multiplied, and accumulated huge sums, which they transferred from one hand to another by means of bills of exchange-an invention for which commerce is said to be indebted to them, and which enabled them to transfer their wealth from land to land, that, when threatened with oppression in one country, their treasure might be secured in another. The obstinacy and avarice of the Jews being thus in a measure placed in opposition to the fanaticism and tyranny of those under whom they lived, seemed to increase in proportion to the persecution with which they were visited...
T.H. White, The Sword in the Stone|He did not like the grown-ups who talked down to him, but the ones who went on talking in their usual way, leaving him to leap along in their wake, jumping at meanings, guessing, clutching at known words, and chuckling at complicated jokes as they suddenly dawned. He had the glee of the porpoise then, pouring and leaping through strange seas.
Lady Gregory, “Finn, Son of Cumhal”|The month of May is the pleasant time; its face is beautiful; the blackbird sings his full song, the living wood is his holding, the cuckoos are singing and ever singing; there is a welcome before the brightness of the summer.
Harlan Ellison, "Repent, Harlequin!" Said the Ticktockman|If there’s a zeppelin, it’s alternate history. If there’s a rocketship, it’s science fiction. If there are swords and/or horses, it’s fantasy. A book with swords and horses in it can be turned into science fiction by adding a rocketship to the mix. If a book has a rocketship in it, the only thing that can turn it back into fantasy is the Holy Grail.
Ori Hofmekler, The Warrior Diet|It is at a time like this, when crisis threatens the stomach, that the French display the most sympathetic side of their nature. Tell them stories of physical injury or financial ruin and they will either laugh or commiserate politely. But tell them you are facing gastronomic hardship, and they will move heaven and earth and even restaurant tables to help you.
Robert Walser, Jakob von Gunten|When he told F. of his disgust at the eyelid's movement, he must have been sixteen. When he decided to study medicine, he must have been nineteen; by then, having already signed on to the contract to forget, he no longer remembered what he had said to F. three years before. Too bad for him. The memory might have alerted him, might have helped him see that his choice of medicine was wholly theoretical, made without the slightest self- knowledge. Thus he studied medicine for three years before giving up with a sense of shipwreck. What to choose after those lost years? What to attach to, if his inner self should keep as silent as it had before? He walked down the broad outside staircase of the medical school for the last time, with the feeling that he was about to find himself alone on a platform all the trains had left.
Henri Barbusse, Hell|The soldier doesn’t usually act on his own initiative, he doesn’t harbour feelings of hatred or resentment or jealousy, he isn’t motivated by long-held desires or personal ambition; the only motivating force is a vague, rhetorical, empty patriotism, for those soldiers, that is, who are moved by such feelings or allow themselves to be convinced.
Amit Kalantri|Your abilities are not enough to fulfill your wishes, so work considering your wishes and not your abilities.
Ron Chernow|I think the first outfit that really kick-started my relationship with Chanel means a lot to me: it was a black, sort of Studio 54-inspired jumpsuit with gold stars all over it, and I wore that, and that's how my relationship with Chanel began, so, you know, it has sentimental value.
DC Allen|The proverb, "Where there's a will.." sums it up for a writer who had just started in his writing life; for himself, the fictional characters and the audience of his works. It's a trinity of perspectives; one of his struggle, another of the story character which he writes about and the last one of the reader's expectation of his protagonists.
Friedrich Nietzsche, On the Advantage and Disadvantage of History for Life|Most rules are made by people with no authority who want to control and limit you from reaching your true potential. Ignore them, break their rules, and wave at them as you soar past them to greatness.
Neil Gaiman, Trigger Warning: Short Fictions and Disturbances|An argument that is the loudest and gets the last word is not always the strongest. Know when to leave your argument on the table. If it’s a strong argument,
Naoyuki Ochiai, Syndrome 1866 Vol. 4|Does this world feel like hell to you? Of course it does, because it is.
James Wood, How Fiction Works|Convention itself, like metaphor itself, is not dead; but it is always dying.
Georges Bataille|TO WHOM LIFE IS AN EXPERIENCE TO BE CARRIED AS FAR AS POSSIBLE... I have not meant to express my thought but to help you clarify what you yourself think... You are not any more different from me than your right leg is from your left, but what joins us is THE SLEEP OF REASON—WHICH PRODUCES MONSTERS.—Theory of Religion
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|The word is only a representation of the meaning; even at its best, writing almost always falls short of full meaning. Given that, why in God's name would you want to make things words by choosing a word which is only cousin to the one you really wanted to use?
Robert Kennedy|I'm a gypsy: no education, no schooling, nothing. I don't care what people think of me. I don't care about being a hero, a role model, a champion.
K.N. Smith, The Urban Boys: Discovery of the Five Senses|She reached behind her back and pulled out slender, black nunchucks and simply invited them to come get her. Their eyes could barely follow the chucks as they circled around her shoulders and torso slapping back and forth, and up and under, while she remained focused and composed with her eastern, tomboy flair.
Marilyn Johnson, This Book Is Overdue!: How Librarians and Cybrarians Can Save Us All|. .his cell phone didn't work in Three Pines, and neither did email. He almost expected to see messages fluttering back and forth in the sky above the village, unable to descend.
Steen Langstrup, The Informer|I could no longer remember the way my mother's eyes looked before the slowing. Had they always been so red around the edges? Surely, those pockets of gray beneath her lower lashes were new. She still wasn't sleeping well, but perhaps what I was seeing was just age, a gradual shift that I'd failed to register. I sometimes felt the urge to study recent photographs of her in order to locate the exact point in time when she had come to look so weary.
Kim Gordon, Girl in a Band|How was she not the quintessential woman in our culture, compulsively pleasing others in order to achieve some degree of perfection and power that's forever just around the corner, out of reach? It was easier for her to disappear, to free herself finally from that body, to find a perfection in dying.
Nadège Richards, 5 Miles|I saw a dead bird flying through a broken sky. I heard it, and it said, "The world will never understand.
Andrea Hurst, Always with You|Wolves mated for life. Where was he? Where was the echo to her howl, her mate? Was there no other lone wolf, searching the hills for her?
Adam Kirk Smith|The world’s most successful people didn’t wait for someone else to pick them, but instead, they picked themselves.
Terry Eagleton|When I was a teenager, reading for me was as normal, as unremarkable as eating or breathing. Reading gave flight to my imagination and strengthened my understanding of the world, the society I lived in, and myself. More importantly, reading was fun, a way to live more than one life as I immersed myself in each good book I read.
Darlene Ouimet|With thousands of years of history frozen in time, it's no wonder that many southerners like me romanticize the north as a place where we can freeze our former selves, thaw, and then bloom anew. Here it’s just you, the land, and your thoughts, and you can't leave until you've wrestled with yourself and emerged a survivor. But then again, the light is much more intense up here and everything looks different because of it. The sun hasn’t set in a couple of months, and you can see things much more clearly when it is light all of the time.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|One day, I want enough money to be at the center of a corruption scandal.
W. Somerset Maugham, The Moon and Sixpence|I could have forgiven it if he'd fallen desperately in love with someone and gone off with her. I should have thought that natural. I shouldn't really have blamed him. I should have thought he was led away. Men are so weak, and women are so unscrupulous.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|We only have one life, but we can choose what kind of story it's going to be.
Anne Perry|Brandon was like a God in Healy, and I guess I was like God's best friend.
Thomas Brooks, Precious Remedies Against Satan's Devices|Orthodoxy is marked by sobriety, not by emotional enthusiasm. It is also marked by a quite “ordinary” persistence in living the humble, consistent life of Christ, not by seeking out extraordinary experiences, especially supernatural ones.
Hazrat Inayat Khan|We grown-up people think that we appreciate music, but if we realized the sense that an infant has brought with it of appreciating sound and rhythm, we would never boast of knowing music. The infant is music itself.
Farshad Asl|A level 4 leader's greatest asset is his ability to engage, empower, and equip his people; this is what creates the momentum for a significant change in the organization. He invests 80% in his people and 20% in the process.
Edmund Husserl|Like all science, psychology is knowledge; and like science again, it is knowledge of a definite thing, the mind.
Gabriel García Márquez, The General in His Labyrinth|That night in Cartagena he again requested the songs of his youth, some so old he had to teach them to Iturbide, who was too young to remember them. The audience slipped away as the General bled inside, and he was left alone with Iturbide beside the embers.
Celia McMahon, Skye|No matter how far down a path you go, if it's the wrong path, turn around and go back home - before it is too late.
Michael Buckley, Magic and Other Misdemeanors|I was going to say he's aimless," the witch replied. "I know he's a bit old to be old to living at home with his mom, but he's had a difficult time holding a job. He's worked at Wendy's, Taco Bell, and Burger King, but it all ends the same way- he challenges his manager to combat, takes over the restaurant, and enslaves his coworkers. Then it's back to video games." - Morgan le Fay
Patrick Süskind, Perfume: The Story of a Murderer|A new experience can be extremely pleasurable, or extremely irritating, or somewhere in between, and you never know until you try it out.
Jessica Valenti, The Purity Myth: How America's Obsession with Virginity is Hurting Young Women|Trusting women means also trusting them to find their way. This isn’t to say, of course, that I think women’s sexual choices are intrinsically “empowered” or “feminist.” I just believe that in a world that values women so little, and so specifically for their sexuality, we should be giving them the benefit of the doubt. Because in this kind of hostile culture, trusting womenis a radical act.
Candis Terry, Truly Sweet|So..." Her shoulders lifted and dropped. "What? You're going to let that walking cane snuff out the eternally grinning smart-ass that loves inside you?
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|Note for a moment do I take you for a truth that is real,' Ivan exclaimed in what even amounted to fury. 'You are a falsehood, you are my illness, you are a ghost. Only I do not know how to destroy you, and perceive that for a certain time I must suffer you. You are a hallucination I am having. You are the embodiment of myself, but only of one side of me ... of my thoughts and emotions, though only those that are most loathsome and stupid. In that regard you might even be of interest to me, if only I had time to throw away on you ...
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|You don’t influence people by commanding them. When you are doing that, you are a manipulator and not a leader.
Rolf Potts, Vagabonding: An Uncommon Guide to the Art of Long-Term World Travel|The value of your travels does not hinge on how many stamps you have in your passport when you get home -- and the slow nuanced experience of a single country is always better than the hurried, superficial experience of forty countries.
Neil Gaiman|And life is a good thing for a writer. It's where we get our raw material, for a start. We quite like to stop and watch it.
J. Saman, Start With Me|It’s nothing. It’s fine.” Ryan spins back around, walks the three steps to the marble counter and downs half my glass of wine. Yeah. Sure. Nothing. And if I continue to eat cherry Danish for breakfast every morning, my ass won’t spread
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Our prayers are something akin to delivering a list, verses surrendering a life. The former will always leave me creating the next list, while the latter will leave me creating a new life.
Anonymous|I'm hardnosed about luck. I think it sucks. Yeah  if you spend seven years looking for a job as a copywriter  and then one day somebody gives you a job  you can say  "Gee  I was lucky I happened to go up there today." But dammit  I was going to go up there sooner or later in the next seventy years. ... If you're persistent in trying and doing and working  you almost make your own fortune.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|But if we reason it out simply and not try to be one bit fancy, then what sort of pride can you possibly take or what's the sense of ever having it, if man is poorly put together as a physiological type and if the enormous majority of the human race is brutal, stupid, and profoundly unhappy?
Jaime Tenorio Valenzuela|Fathers are no longer men, most are only boys who pretend.
Jasper Johns|In my early work, I tried to hide my personality, my psychological state, my emotions. This was partly due to my feelings about myself and party due to my feelings about painting at the time. I sort of stuck to my guns for a while but eventually it seemed like a losing battle. Finally one must simply drop the reserve.
Ezekiel Elliott|Yes's whole career was never really planned in any sort of way. It's always sad when a member leaves, but it's exciting when someone new comes in, and that regenerates the freshness of the band.
Melanie Cusick-Jones, Cirque de la Nuit|They just want to be part of the moment. A moment that's much larger than them, and even larger than us.
Benny Bellamacina, The King of Rhyme|If you can't make ends meet, meet them in the middle instead
Jenny  Lawson, Furiously Happy: A Funny Book About Horrible Things|Brains are like toddlers. They are wonderful and should be treasured, but that doesn't mean you should trust them to take care of you in an avalanche or process serotonin effectively.
Kristen Henderson|Up past the old lime kiln built into the side of a hill we take a hard right at a clearing lined by brittle apple trees still willing to bear fruit.I snap sticks beneath my feetand steal pictures of the view while you reach for something sweet, as much as it bowsto you.
Claude Monet|It is the function of art to renew our perception. What we are familiar with we cease to see. The writer shakes up the familiar scene, and, as if by magic, we see a new meaning in it.
Stella McCartney|'The Amazing Race' has always been the gold standard of reality television to me. It's smart, it's funny, and it's entertaining as hell.
Steven J. Carroll, The Road to Jericho|Sometimes a bus is your bus, and sometimes it ain't, and it's important that you can tell the difference.
Vaclav Havel|I place no hope in my strength, nor in my works: but all my confidence is in God my protector, who never abandons those who have put all their hope and thought in him.
Rachel  Morgan, The Faerie Guardian|Is that what you were doing in my room?” he asks after a moment.I sigh. Why am I telling him any of this? “Yes. I was on assignment.”“I was your assignment?”“Yes.” He hesitates a moment, then grins. “That’s kind of hot.
Charles Baudelaire|I do not know which to prefer, The beauty of inflections, Or the beauty of innuendoes, The blackbird whistling, Or just after.
Maya Angelou|Jump, and you will find out how to unfold your wings as you fall.
Rollo May|In order to be open to creativity, one must have the capacity for constructive use of solitude. One must overcome the fear of being alone.
Dan Pearce|If I could give one message to the bullies, it would be this: You are incredible. You are bound for great things. You have the potential to be anybody you want to be. There are people who believe in you. There are people who love you. Be what we know you can be, even if you don’t believe in yourself right now.
Hillary Jordan, When She Woke|If God is the Creator, if God englobes every single thing in the universe, then God is everything, and everything is God. God is the earth and the sky, and the tree planted in the earth under the sky, and the bird in the tree, and the worm in the beak of the bird, and the dirt in the stomach of the worm. God is He and She, straight and gay, black and white and red - yes even that...and green and blue and all the rest. And so, to despise me for loving women or you for being a Red who made love with a woman, would be to despise not only His own creations but also to hate Himself. My God is not so stupid as that.
Michael Foley|There are times when a man should sleep entwined in the warm flesh of a woman, his flanks plummeting into the perfumed bedding while she lovingly rolls her sweet shoulders into his chest. Whereas, there are times to be stoic and solitary—sleeping alone on a wooden board with twill sheets and splinters that scratch the skin.
K.D. Williamson|...it was actually the first time I’ve been shot at.” “Congrats? It’s New Orleans. I’m sure that won’t be the last, though it doesn’t sound like something to put on a cake.” “Greetin’ card either.
Maisey Yates, Unexpected|She swallowed, her eyes dropping to his lips. And he knew she felt it too.
Edward Said, Orientalism|Seeing that he owns absolutely nothing to ‘repay’ his debt, ‘his own consciousness’ of the fact ‘that he is himself the very substance’ of debt, so must he ‘repay’ with himself, so must he ‘return’ himself to Him Who owns him absolutely.
Ravi Zacharias|If we say we trust in Him, but in reality do not, then God, taking us at our word, lets us see that we do not really confide in Him; and hence failure arises.
Barabara Carrellas|You know what would really help? If men started looking at it like a bank. The more you deposit the more you can withdraw later. Make a woman come as a rule, she’s going to be more receptive to regular sex and much more open-minded about what’s on the table as far as experimenting. Common sense.
Johnny Depp|I like happy endings in movies. I think life has a happy ending. When it's all said and done, it's all something worthwhile, and I want my movies to reflect that. There are enough things to be sad about. When you pop in a movie, let the message be one that's one of hope.
Sophie Ellis-Bextor|My job starts at a quarter to seven in the morning, and you go right through until whatever time is necessary to finish up.
Mumford & Sons|And my head told my heart"Let love grow"But my heart told my head"This time noThis time no
Marcus Allen|The world is given to me only once, not one existing and one perceived. Subject and object are only one. The barrier between them cannot be said to have broken down as a result of recent experience in the physical sciences, for this barrier does not exist.
Charles Stanley|Leadership is failing. And Donald Trump is going to take a holistic approach to how we focus on these things, and he's not going to allow disparate activities in the communities to define everything.
William Faulkner, Soldiers' Pay|It is not necessary to be an 'Intelligent', It's wise to have the 'Internet
Martin Filler|Snohetta promotes a more democratic workplace atmosphere than most other architectural offices. This may merely reflect prevalent employment practices in Scandinavia, but Snohetta places a stronger emphasis on group participation in the design process than typical high-style firms.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|When you don’t understand how to make a good use of something, you will abuse that thing.
F.C. Malby, Take Me to the Castle|Mr Martinek turned back to Jana. 'Thirty-eight per cent alcohol, sixty-two per cent fire - all the way from Karlovy Vary.
Winston Churchill|Abou Ben Adhem (may his tribe increase!) Awoke one night from a deep dream of peace  And saw  within the moonlight in his room  Making it rich  and like a lily in bloom  An angel  writing in a book of gold  Exceeding peace had made Ben Adhem bold  And to the presence in the room he said -  "What writest thou?" The Vision raised its head  And  with a look made all of sweet accord  Answered  "The names of those who love the Lord."
Kenn Bivins, the Wedding & Disaster of Felona Mabel|It appears to me that in spite of myself I have been dragged to this inevitable point where old age must be undergone. I see it there before me; I have reached it; and I should at least like so to arrange matters that I do not move on, that I do not travel farther along this path of infirmities, pains, losses of memory and disfigurement. Their attack is at hand, and I hear a voice that says, `You must go along, whatever you may say; or if indeed you will not, then you must die,' which is an extremity from which nature recoils. However, that is the fate of all who go on a little too far.
Vanna Bonta|People have to realize that dieting is not a sprint, it's a marathon. If you celebrate the small victories, you will eventually win the war.
Geoffrey Wood|Life is a manifestation of the fundamental laws of physics, and in its highest form, life manifests the fundamental laws of physics as a human organism endowed with a capacity for moral judgement.
Melita Tessy, Battle of the Spheres: Crust, Mantle and Core|Peace does not come from destroying evil, but from building goodness.
Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays|A crowd whose discontent has risen no higher than the level of slogans is only a crowd. But a crowd that understands the reasons for its discontent and knows the remedies is a vital community, and it will have to be reckoned with. I would rather go before the government with two people who have a competent understanding of an issue, and who therefore deserve a hearing, than with two thousand who are vaguely dissatisfied.But even the most articulate public protest is not enough. We don't live in the government or in institutions or in our public utterances and acts, and the environmental crisis has its roots in our lives. By the same token, environmental health will also be rooted in our lives. That is, I take it, simply a fact, and in the light of it we can see how superficial and foolish we would be to think that we could correct what is wrong merely by tinkering with the institutional machinery. The changes that are required are fundamental changes in the way we are living.
Yousuf Karsh|Key West is the place where your sickly house plant back in New York grows to 10 ft. It's also the place where an 8-ft. cactus, the century plant, produces a huge yellow flower every great once in a while, like a robot proffering a bouquet. After the plant flowers, it dies.
Robertson Davies, Fifth Business|That was what stuck in the craws of all the good women of Deptford: Mrs Dempster had not been raped, as a decent woman would have been—no, she had yielded because a man wanted her. The subject was not one that could be freely discussed even among intimates, but it was understood without saying that if women began to yield for such reasons as that, marriage and society would not last long. Any man who spoke up for Mrs Dempster probably believed in Free Love. Certainly he associated sex with pleasure, and that put him in a class with filthy thinkers like Cece Athelstan.
Deyth Banger|In the world of emptiness, hope is a treasure to behold.
Simone de Beauvoir|I am awfully greedy; I want everything from life. I want to be a woman and to be a man, to have many friends and to have loneliness, to work much and write good books, to travel and enjoy myself, to be selfish and to be unselfish… You see, it is difficult to get all which I want. And then when I do not succeed I get mad with anger.
Timothy Zahn|There are things in the universe that are simply and purely evil. A warrior does not seek to understand them, or compromise with them. He seeks only to obliterate them
Alex Latimer, The Space Race|Morality is a subject to meddle in the affairs of other persons, guided by our preferences and convenience.
C.J. Cherryh|Science fiction is a dialogue, a tennis match, in which the Idea is volleyed from one side of the net to the other. Ridiculous to say that someone 'stole' an idea: no, no, a thousand times no. The point is the volley, and how it's carried, and what statement is made by the answering 'statement.' In other words  if Burroughs initiates a time-gate and says it works randomly, and then Norton has time gates confounded with the Perilous Seat, the Siege Perilous of the Round Table, and locates it in a bar on a rainy night  do you see both the humor and the volley in the tennis match?
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|I could never hate you, even if I wanted to.
Robert Walser|It's woman's power, food is. You be sure you know where'n the hook is before swallerin' it, Dru. You mind me, now.
William J. Clinton|Unless you have bad times, you can't appreciate the good times.
Nina Cherie Franklin|I believe in living healthily and sustainably, and looking to nature for renewal and inspiration.
Ambeth R. Ocampo, Meaning and History: The Rizal Lectures|If we cannot agree on what was important yesterday, what more on events that happened a hundred or three hundred years ago? The point here is that history is open ended and we cannot be sure about the past. So why study history? Because it teaches us to see the connections between events. Knowing how and why a certain event happened is helpful because in many cases people separated by time and place can sometimes be in similar situations. They can be mentally contemporaneous without knowing it. History gives us hindsight.
Elmar Hussein|Broken GlassI watched herBeardlessWith little ego,FightingOn top ofThe ceiling,Like CinderellaIn high heelsLooking forHer glass slippersNo ties required!!
George Saunders|Fiction is an urgent business. It is the Dying Us telling stories to the Dying Us, trying to crack the nonsense in our heads open with a big hammer pronto, before Death arrives.
Laura Anderson Kurk, Glass Girl|There’s a beautiful poem at the beginning of a collection of books we call the Bible. In that poem, it is written: "Then God said, ‘Let us make man.’” God then recognized that it was not good for man to be alone. We can all agree on that one, I think. Loneliness is one of the most excruciating pains that the human heart, or any heart, has to go through.What did God do about it?What was His remedy?What was His answer?He created marriage. He didn’t create dating, He didn’t create courting - He created marriage.
Danielle Steel, Wanderlust|There was something much greater she needed to feed her soul, and perhaps one day soon she would go...
Samantha Towle, Trouble|I also wanted you to realize that even though the pain will always be there, I’m living proof you can get past this. Right now I know it feels impossible, but one day you’ll look back and see how far you’ve come.
|I used to work extremely hard and didn't really achieve a lot of tangible things. But when I started working extremely smart,the gates of abundant blessings opened up for me.
Bob Woodward|If you truly want to find a meaningful relationship, you've got to find yourself first and learn to be confident in your own skin. Don't sacrifice anything about who you are to be with someone. That's setting yourself up for failure.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|I have been finding treasures in places I did not want to search. I have been hearing wisdom from tongues I did not want to listen. I have been finding beauty where I did not want to look. And I have learned so much from journeys I did not want to take. Forgive me, O Gracious One; for I have been closing my ears and eyes for too long. I have learned that miracles are only called miracles because they are often witnessed by only those who can can see through all of life's illusions. I am ready to see what really exists on other side, what exists behind the blinds, and taste all the ugly fruit instead of all that looks right, plump and ripe.
John Grant|And I loved Fats Waller. I love his instrumental abilities, his vocal abilities and his sense of humor.
Thomas Harris, The Silence of the Lambs|Can you smell his sweat? That peculiar goatish odor is trans-3-methyl-2 hexenoic acid. Remember it, it's the smell of schizophrenia.
Rachitha Cabral|There was a moment of silence and then Sutherland breathed, “But, darling! Gossip is the food of the gods.
Faraaz Kazi|Remember, someone, somewhere in some corner of this somewhat big world, is out there crying if you’re unhappy and is happy if you are! And you know who that someone is!
John      Allison|I do not say these things for a dollar, or to fill up the time while I wait for a boat;
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Religion, Philosophy and life|The older you grow, the younger your fears grow!
Anonymous, Holy Bible: The New King James Version|Finaly, my brethren, be strong in the Lord and in the power of His might. Put on the whole armor of God, that you may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil. -Ephesians 6:10-11
Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra, Don Quixote|Not with whom you are born, but with whom you are bred.
Anna White, Mended: Thoughts on Life, Love, and Leaps of Faith|The shadow is dark and the woods are cold, but they are not endless. No matter how lost you are now, you are not lost forever. You are findable.Love just keeps on looking. Love is forever tries.
Natalie Lloyd, The Key to Extraordinary|You use your real voice with those you love, and you cannot be phony with those who know you well.
Stephen Richards|Other people think destiny is a time in one's life, such as the moment one becomes an adult, or the instant it becomes necessary to construct a hiding place out of sofa cushions. And still other people think that destiny is an invisible force, like gravity, or a fear of paper cuts, that guide everyone throughout their lives, whether they are embarking on a mysterious errand, doing a treacherous deed, or deciding that a book they have begun reading is too dreadful to finish,
Leo Buscaglia|Education should be the process of helping everyone to discover his uniqueness." -Leo Buscaglia (1924-1998)
Vinita Kinra|When you are in need, you are all alone indeed!
C. JoyBell C.|Acceptance" is a very important word in our lives. People drive themselves into madness and death thinking about the chasm that exists between their ideals and their actual reality that they are living. There must be a balance between improvement of one's self and one's circumstances and the acceptance of reality. There is a beautiful dance that one must learn, which involves embracing the reality of your life as you would embrace a Latin dance partner on the ballroom floor, and moving that partner (your reality) in graceful strides, towards where you want to be situated, on that dance floor. If you dance with no partner (your current reality), you will arrive at your destination empty. Empty. That is, if you ever arrive at all. But when you dance with that partner, embracing and accepting it for all of its flaws and its redeeming qualities, you will be able to move across that dance floor as a full, whole person. Wherever you end up stopping in that ballroom, you will stop there as a whole person, not an empty one. So, accept the mistakes that have been done unto you and the mistakes that you have done. Accept the fact that you didn't grow up perfectly and you are not perfect now. Accept, embrace, love the people who are given to you to love. And love yourself just as you are.
Altruistic, Philanthropy|You hide it well, but I can see it, Lord Verniers. You hate us. We have beaten you to obedience but it's still there, like dry tinder waiting for a spark.
Joyce Meyer|Sadly, many people don't make it through the storms of life. Or they give up or they start doing and saying foolish things and abort the journey altogether.It is easy to begin, but God is looking for people who will finish.The apostle Paul declared the stand that he would take in order to complete his journey:, But none of these things move me; neither do I esteem my life dear to myself, if only I may finish my course with joy. Acts 20:24
bell hooks, Feminist Theory: From Margin to Center|The significance of feminist movement (when it is not co-opted by opportunistic, reactionary forces) is that it offers a new ideological meeting ground for the sexes, a space for criticism, struggle, and transformation.
David Louden, White Mexicans|I don’t know how,” I confessed, and I pulled my hand away so I wouldn’t hurt her in my frustration.She grabbed my hand and brought it back, this time pressing it to her heart.“I’m telling you how. You hold onto me. You trust me. You use me. You lean on me. You rely on me. You let me shelter you. You let me love you. All of you. Cancer. Fear. Sickness. Health. Better. Worse. All of you. And you’ll have all of me.
Stephen Levine, A Year to Live: How to Live This Year as If It Were Your Last|There is nothing noble about suffering except the love and forgiveness with which we meet it. Many believe that if they are suffering they are closer to God, but I have met very few who could keep their heart open to their suffering enough for that to be true. (124)
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|Dignity does not consist in possessing honors, but in the consciousness that we deserve them.
Sgt. Harry Berres, USMC|A necessary part of our intelligence is on the line as the oral tradition becomes less and less important. There was a time throughout our land when it was common for stories to be told and retold, a most valuable exercise, for the story retold is the story reexamined over and over again at different levels of intellectual and emotional growth.
Charlie Caruso, Understanding y|Jack Kennedy brought an "intense concentration" and a "gently teasing humor" to the dinner table, along with what Katherine Graham called his habit of "vacuum cleaning your brain.
Paul Quarrington, The Ravine|Would you think it strange if I said I was having a good time? We're lost and confused and carrying around a cat. By all accounts, I should be feeling completely at a loss. Irritated.
V.S. Carnes|I will not marry Ashton. However bound by honor to do so, I will not marry Ashton. I will not marry, ever!” “Why not?”“Because I love you, you idiot!
Janet Turpin Myers|It turns out, after a lot of exploration, that I'm not really a princess. A swell gal, sure, but not a princess.
Dalai Lama|Since Castro took power, the Cuban people have been denied basic human freedoms. No freedom of religion, no freedom of the press, no political freedom. And the regime uses brutality and violence to suppress these freedoms and impose its will.
Franny Billingsley, Chime|If you say a word, it leaps out and becomes the truth. I love you. I believe it. I believe I am loveable. How can something as fragile as a word build a whole world?
Linda Kage, The Color of Grace|Sacraments are like hoses. They are the channels of the living water of God's grace. Our faith is like opening the faucet. We can open it a lot, a little, or not at all.
Merle Shain|Men stumble over pebbles, never over mountains.
Sunday Adelaja|If you do not carry out your mission, the world will lose what God created you to do
Stanley B. Prusiner|Newport Center has become a Mediterranean town. The climate here is the same as the Mediterranean's, and so is the architecture. This center exudes a radiance, an energy. It will become a special way of life for everyone.
René Daumal|You cannot stay on the summit forever; you have to come down again. So why bother in the first place? Just this: What is above knows what is below, but what is below does not know what is above. One climbs, one sees. One descends, one sees no longer, but one has seen. There is an art of conducting oneself in the lower regions by the memory of what one saw higher up. When one can no longer see, one can at least still know.
Debasish Mridha|In the darkness, be the light.
Sebastian Pole, Discovering the True You with Ayurveda: How to Nourish, Rejuvenate, and Transform Your Life|I read once that you need two things to be happy. Any two of health, money and love. You can cover the absence of one with the other two. I drew comfort from this idea while I was fully bodied, employed, and unloved. It made me feel I wasn't missing much. But now I realized this was unmitigated bullshit, because health and money did not compare with love at all. I had a girl in a hospital bed who liked me and I didn't know where that might go but I could tell it was more important than low blood pressure. It mattered more than a new car. With Lola in the same building, I walked with a spring in my step. That was true literally. But I mean I was happy, happy on an axis I had previously known about only in theory. I was glad to be alive.
George Mason|A good essay must have this permanent quality about it; it must draw its curtain round us, but it must be a curtain that shuts us in not out.
Jean-Baptiste Lamarck|...the life of the planet began the long, slow process of modulating and regulating the physical conditions of the planet. The oxygen in today's atmosphere is almost entirely the result of photosynthetic living, which had its start with the appearance of blue-green algae among the microorganisms.
K. V. Laurikainen, Beyond the Atom: The Philosophical Thought of Wolfgang Pauli|Highly complex numbers like the Comma of Pythagoras, Pi and Phi (sometimes called the Golden Proportion), are known as irrational numbers. They lie deep in the structure of the physical universe, and were seen by the Egyptians as the principles controlling creation, the principles by which matter is precipitated from the cosmic mind.Today scientists recognize the Comma of Pythagoras, Pi and the Golden Proportion as well as the closely related Fibonacci sequence are universal constants that describe complex patterns in astronomy, music and physics. ...To the Egyptians these numbers were also the secret harmonies of the cosmos and they incorporated them as rhythms and proportions in the construction of their pyramids and temples.
Dorothy Dunnett, The Game of Kings|Only eight months had gone since Henry VIII of England had been suspended in death, there to lie like Mohammed’s coffin, hardly in the Church nor out of it, attended by his martyrs and the acidulous fivefold ghosts of his wives. King Francis of France, stranded by his neighbour’s death in the midst of a policy so advanced, so brilliant and so intricate that it should at last batter England to the ground, and be damned to the best legs in Europe—Francis, bereft of these sweet pleasures, dwindled and died likewise.
Lajos Kossuth|Let women issue a declaration of independence sexually, and absolutely refuse to cohabit with men until they are acknowledged as equals in everything, and the victory would be won in a single week.
Siri Hustvedt, A Plea for Eros: Essays|The tangible and intangible collide to cast a spell. But can a person or thing ever be stripped naked? Can we ever discover reality hiding under the meanings we give to people and things? I don't think so. And I don't think Fitzgerald thought so either. His book meditates on the necessity of fiction, not only as lies but as truths.
Hopal Green|I know that today, with a full tank, and with Annabel, that it's time to go.
Dora J. Arod, I Had a Dream About You|I had a dream about you. You had no skin or muscle on your face, and to try to conceal your bare skull you liberally applied lipstick and makeup. Your birthday was coming up, and I knew you were probably sensitive about parties that emphasize the aging process, so I decided to box up your gift in a coffin and wrap it with black wrapping paper. I got you the best gift ever too—a hooker, who happened to be dead, because that enabled me to procure a sizeable discount. 
Sunday Adelaja|Meditate only on that which God has laid in your spirit, so that you will not live on the past
Ben-Hur: A Tale of the Christ|There are so many things to exploit man, but religion and patriotism are at the top of the list.
Herbert Hoover|You will also be called upon to provide well-timed distractions. Get the whole country arguing about sex education or gays in the military, and Americans will stop paying attention to all the things they should fear.
Frances Chesterton|He had always wanted to write music, and he could give no other identity to the thing he sought. If you want to know what it is, he told himself, listen to the first phrases of Tchaikovsky's First Concerto - or the last movement of Rachmaninoff's Second. Men have not found the words for it nor the deed nor the thought, but they have found the music. Let me see the answer to the promise of that music. Let me see it made real. Let me see the answer to the promise of that music. Not servants nor those served; not altars and immolations; but the final, the fulfilled, innocent of pain. Don't help me or serve me, but let me see it once, because I need it. Don't work for my happiness, my brothers --- show me yours --- show me that it is possible --- show me your achievements --- and the knowledge will give me courage for mine.
Frank Abagnale|Underneath our nice, friendly facades there is great unease. If I were to scratch below the surface of anyone I would find fear, pain, and anxiety running amok. We all have ways to cover them up. We overeat, over-drink, overwork; we watch too much television.
George Orwell, 1984|Our legal system does not grant adults a right to liberty, because they already possess that right; it only revokes the right to liberty (for certain offenses) or restores it (if the deprivation did not conform to due process).
Amelie Fisher|The thing of it is, we don’t have to be perfect or be the best. We just need to do the best with what God gives us and how life treats us.
John Ortberg|A positive attitude is not going to save you. What it's going to do is, everyday, between now and the day you die, whether that's a short time from now or a long time from now, that every day, you're going to actually live.
Jacqueline Novogratz, The Blue Sweater: Bridging the Gap Between Rich and Poor in an Interconnected World|Why do some people stop growing at age 30, just going from work to the couch and television, when others stay vibrant, curious, almost childlike into their nineties?
Timothy Leary, Chaos & Cyber Culture|We seem to inhabit a universe made up of a small number of elements-particles-bits that swirl in chaotic clouds, occasionally clustering together in geometrically logical temporary configurations.
Muammar al-Gaddafi|I have seen (as far as it can be seen) many persons changed in a moment from the spirit of horror, fear, and despair to the spirit of hope, joy, peace; and from sinful desires, till then reigning over them, to a pure desire of doing the will of God.
Darnell Lamont Walker|What about his style?" asked Dalgliesh who was beginning to think that his reading had been unnecessarily restricted."Turgid but grammatical. And, in these days, when every illiterate debutante thinks she is a novelist, who am I to quarrel with that? Written with Fowler on his left hand and Roget on his right. Stale, flat and, alas, rapidly becoming unprofitable...""What was he like as a person?" asked Dalgliesh."Oh, difficult. Very difficult, poor fellow! I thought you knew him? A precise, self-opinionated, nervous little man perpetually fretting about his sales, his publicity or his book jackets. He overvalued his own talent and undervalued everyone else's, which didn't exactly make for popularity.""A typical writer, in fact?" suggested Dalgliesh mischievously.
Hillary Clinton|Many progressives understand Scalia, and other conservative judges, in crassly political terms - as opponents of affirmative action, abortion, gun control, and campaign finance legislation. But what Scalia cared most about was clear, predictable rules, laid down in advance.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|But when perfections comes, the imperfect disappears1st Corinthians
Nomthandazo Tsembeni|I was born the same year the greatest automobile in the history of automobiles was created, the 1957 Chevrolet. Thank God only one of us had tail fins.
Jon Stewart|Yes, reason has been a part of organized religion, ever since two nudists took dietary advice from a talking snake.
Iain H. Murray, The Life of Martyn Lloyd-Jones - 1899-1981|My silence never means I don’t have nothing to talk, but it was important who were audiences and what was the topic.
Deborah Blake, Veiled Menace|I don’t know about you, but I’ve got plans for next Thursday. And I’m not in the mood to have them ruined by some apocalypse.
Zeeshan Ahmed|If you don’t wake up at three in the morning and want to do something, you’re wasting your time.
Tony Judt|Technology is supposed to make our lives easier, allowing us to do things more quickly and efficiently. But too often it seems to make things harder, leaving us with fifty-button remote controls, digital cameras with hundreds of mysterious features and book-length manuals, and cars with dashboard systems worthy of the space shuttle.
Bea Weaver|Know that I love you immensely, and you hurry home.
Mary Oliver, A Poetry Handbook|Poetry is a life-cherishing force. For poems are not words, after all, but fires for the cold, ropes let down to the lost, something as necessary as bread in the pockets of the hungry.
