Gautama Buddha|If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading
Tim Howard|Food is about communal togetherness. Our family does sit at the table. I think it's a great tragedy if a family doesn't have a table, as there is such an atmosphere of good will and warmth when we have eight people sitting around it.
Benjamin Clementine|I once choked on a chip at a friend's birthday when I was seven and had to be sent home, as I'd broken my collarbone coughing.
C. JoyBell C.|The day I understood everything, was the day I stopped trying to figure everything out. The day I knew peace was the day I let everything go.
John Pete|But man by his nature is an unnatural animal. If any creature stands a chance of defeating death, it is man.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Plant seeds of happiness, hope, success, and love; it will all come back to you in abundance. This is the law of nature.
Arthur Schopenhauer, Essays and Aphorisms|When we read, another person thinks for us: we merely repeat his mental process. In learning to write, the pupil goes over with his pen what the teacher has outlined in pencil: so in reading; the greater part of the work of thought is already done for us. This is why it relieves us to take up a book after being occupied with our own thoughts. And in reading, the mind is, in fact, only the playground of another’s thoughts. So it comes about that if anyone spends almost the whole day in reading, and by way of relaxation devotes the intervals to some thoughtless pastime, he gradually loses the capacity for thinking; just as the man who always rides, at last forgets how to walk. This is the case with many learned persons: they have read themselves stupid.
Mahatma Gandhi|Each night, when I go to sleep, I die. And the next morning, when I wake up, I am reborn.
Leigh Bardugo, Shadow and Bone|Where are you going?" she called after me, her voice mocking. "What's waiting for you out there?" "Nothing!" I shouted at her. "No one!
Anonymous|The question of commonsense is always "what is it good for?" - a question which would abolish the rose and be answered triumphantly by the cabbage.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|The process of discovering your fearless self is of refinement, not adding. The best way to reconnect with your freedom is to look at the rules you have that govern your freedom.
Rozonda Thomas|My memory of my household is of one immersed in books and music. I have a very intimate relationship with Bengali literature, particularly Tagore, and my interest besides reading then was music.
Donald Kalsched, Trauma and the Soul: A Psycho-Spiritual Approach to Human Development and Its Interruption|Early relational trauma results from the fact that we are often given more to experience in this life than we can bear to experience consciously. This problem has been around since the beginning of time, but it is especially acute in early childhood where, because of the immaturity of the psyche and/or brain, we are ill-equipped to metabolize our experience. An infant or young child who is abused, violated or seriously neglected by a caretaking adult is overwhelmed by intolerable affects that are impossible for it to metabolize, much less understand or even think about.
Thomas Brodie Sangster|Purpose is a higher level of living, where you live more for others than you live for yourself.
David Mitchell, Black Swan Green|I didn't know what I wanted. Maybe I never had. The emotional distance was never worth the togetherness, and yet I didn't learn. Nothing had changed. Had he reached for me, I would have forgotten to behave sensibly. Desire has no reason, and the need for intimacy had never stopped. I had not conjured up the images in years, his lips on mine, his hands, the urgency of our hunger. Now I was tormented by the memories.
Farid F. Ibrahim|Think, ask, pray and the right decision will find your way.
Azra T.|I don’t see any dearth of women leaders, it’s a question of what we consider a woman leader.
Erin Morgenstern, The Night Circus|The finished clock is resplendent. At first glance it is simply a clock, a rather large black clock with a white face and a silver pendulum. Well crafted, obviously, with intricately carved woodwork edges and a perfectly painted face, but just a clock.But that is before it is wound. Before it begins to tick, the pendulum swinging steadily and evenly. Then, then it becomes something else.The changes are slow. First, the color changes in the face, shifts from white to grey, and then there are clouds that float across it, disappearing when they reach the opposite side. Meanwhile, bits of the body of the clock expand and contract, like pieces of a puzzle. As though the clock is falling apart, slowly and gracefully.All of this takes hours.The face of the clock becomes a darker grey, and then black, with twinkling stars where numbers had been previously. The body of the clock, which has been methodically turning itself inside out and expanding, is now entirely subtle shades of white and grey. And it is not just pieces, it is figures and objects, perfectly carved flowers and planets and tiny books with actual paper pages that turn. There is a silver dragon that curls around part of the now visible clockwork, a tiny princess in a carved tower who paces in distress, awaiting an absent prince. Teapots that pour into teacups and minuscule curls of steam that rise from them as the seconds tick. Wrapped presents open. Small cats chase small dogs. An entire game of chess is played.At the center, where a cuckoo bird would live in a more traditional timepiece, is the juggler. Dress in harlequin style with a grey mask, he juggles shiny silver balls that correspond to each hour. As the clock chimes, another ball joins the rest until at midnight he juggles twelve balls in a complex pattern.After midnight, the clock begins once more to fold in upon itself. The face lightens and the cloud returns. The number of juggled balls decreases until the juggler himself vanishes.By noon it is a clock again, and no longer a dream.
Kurt Cobain, Journals|Words suck. I mean, every thing has been said. I can't remember the last real interesting conversation I've had in a long time. Words aren't as important as the energy derived from music, especially live.
Tanya Masse|Ragging at its most harmless is embarrassing and silly, but at its worst, it attempts to prevent individual students from independent thinking, attempts, in fact, to eradicate freewill
Khaled Hosseini, And the Mountains Echoed|In my experience, men who understand women seem to rarely want to have anything to do with them.
Rick Riordan|Victory must be real. It must be earned. That means it must be rare and difficult, against steep odds, and defeat must be the other.
Alexandra Elle|we all get waves of regret sometimesbut instead of dwelling on what you can’t change,start focusing on what you can.
Chloe Thurlow, Snow Falls Softly|You see? That's the point. It's all a big guess. They hope, they pray, they cook and garden and get a better job to pay the mortgage and read dirty books to keep bedtime interesting, but they don't know. There are no guarantees. Sometimes you just stop loving someone. You just stop.
John Green, An Abundance of Katherines|For I see not what there is desirable in publick esteeme, were I able to acquire & maintaine it. It would perhaps increase my acquaintance, the thing which I chiefly study to decline.
Sean Egan, Bowie on Bowie: Interviews and Encounters with David Bowie|Bowie talks in great, voluble torrents, darting from one topic to the next, parenthesizing and then parenthesizing the parentheses, as if he has too many ideas for one conversation.
Flannery O'Connor, Mystery and Manners: Occasional Prose|The isolated imagination is easily corrupted by theory, but the writer inside his community seldom has such a problem.
Sachin sawariya|When you are born, you cried while others laughed around you, likewise make others cry when you are dead.
Francis Gay|When I came out into the outside room again, I saw her shoe still lying there, where it had come off in the course of our brief wrestle. It looked so pathetic there by itself without an owner, it looked so lonely, it looked so empty. Something made me pick it up arid take it in to her. Like when someone's going away, you help them on with their coat, or their jackboots, or whatever it is they need for going away.I didn't try to put it back on her, I just set it down there beside her close at hand. You're going to need this, I said to her in my mind. You're starting on a long walk. You're going to keep walking from now on, looking for your home.I stopped and wondered for a minute if that was what happened to all of us when we crossed over. Just keep walking, keep on walking, with no ahead and no in-back-of; tramps, vagrants in eternity. With our last hope and horizon - death - already taken away.In the Middle Ages they had lurid colors, a bright red hell, an azure heaven shot with gold stars. They knew where they were, at least. They could tell the difference. We, in the Twentieth, we just have the long walk, the long walk through the wispy backward-stringing mists of eternity, from nowhere to nowhere, never getting there, until you're so tired you almost wish you were alive again. ("Life Is Weird Sometimes" - first chapter of unpublished novel THE LOSER)
Rachel Van Dyken, Toxic|Watching someone you love… die? There are no words for how broken that makes a person. It’s like waking up from a bad dream only to find out that it’s you reality, it’s like watching sunlight fade from the sky, like watching death suck the one you love dry, and being powerless to stop it. You may as well try to stop the waves from rolling in, or the sun from rising.In the end, the waves will roll, the sun will set, and death will come. The only thing you have a choice in? How you deal with it…when it does.
Steven Pinker, The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined|Ah, my dear friend Hassim, seems our paths cross once again, how fortunate for this humble Sheik.” As Abdullah spoke in his usual self deprecating manner I realized that a favor was on the tip of his tongue and that I was about to be offered a quid-pro-quo.We were sitting crossed legged on large fat pillows with gold fringe. The tent was large with partitions dividing living, sleeping and cooking space. It was made from heavy cotton canvas erected on thick poles in the center giving the structure a peaked circus tent appearance. The women serving us were young, wearing harem pants low on their hips with cropped gauze tops made from sheer silk. Their exposed midriffs were flat and toned, their belly buttons were decorated in precious stones that glittered in the torch light as they moved. They were bare footed with stacks of gold ankle bracelets making the only sound we heard as they kept our glasses filled with fresh sweet tea and our communal serving trays piled high with dates and sugar incrusted sweets of undetermined origin.Abdullah took no notice of these women, his nonchalance intrigued me as I was obviously having trouble keeping my mind focused on the discussion at hand, this was all part of the Arab way, when it came to negotiation they had no peers.“So my dear friend, tell me, the region is on fire is there a solution?”I spoke in a deliberate and flat tone, little emotion just concern, one friend to another.“We were shocked by the American response in Egypt and Libya, never had we seen them move so fast with such efficiency. The fall of Gadaffi was unexpected and Mubarak’s fate stunned us; he had been a staunch supporter of the US in this region we fully expected the Obama administration to prop him up one more time, as they had done so many times in the past.”I looked carefully at Abdullah,
Margaret Atwood, Oryx and Crake|When any civilization is dust and ashes," he said, "art is all that's left over. Images, words, music. Imaginative structures. Meaning—human meaning, that is—is defined by them. You have to admit that.
J.C. Nelson, Armageddon Rules|I shook my head. “I thought you had a ‘No princesses’ rule.”“Rules are made to be broken,” said Grimm.Ari sat back in the chair, her eyes closed.“Of course, young lady, there’s the matter of how we sign our contracts.”“Not gonna happen.” Ari threw a pen at the mirror for emphasis.
Desmond Oshifeso|Rise flexibly, courageously and perseveringly upon the challenges and trials in our life. Beneath the depth of fresh wounds, heavy cross and years of scars, is our wise silent mind, a beating faithful heart with understanding and patience matched with a humble soul who walks with hope towards charity, kindness, peace and harmony.
Kobayashi Issa|O snailClimb Mount FujiBut slowly, slowly!
Phil Ochs|Moral values, and a culture and a religion, maintaining these values are far better than laws and regulations.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|Those who are ignorant should be taught all you can teach them; society is to blame for not providing free public education; and society will answer for the obscurity it produces. If the soul is left in darkness, sin will be committed. The guilty party is not he who has sinned but he who created the darkness in the first place.
Philip G. Zimbardo, The Lucifer Effect|...an animal, at the end of a few months, is what it will be all its life; and its species, at the end of a thousand years, is what it was in the first of those thousand years. Why is man alone subject to becoming an imbecile?
Oscar Wilde, An Ideal Husband|Oscar Wilde: "I wish I had said that." Whistler: "You will, Oscar; you will.
Cintra Wilson|When you have lived your life under such dominant image-leadership, its pressures put a certain invisible English on the cue ball of your development: It influences all of your ideas about who you should be, all the ways in which you become yourself.
Stacy Charter|If you Never Give Up, You can Beat The Best !! And in the end you become The Best.
Roald Dahl|I have a passion for teaching kids to become readers, to become comfortable with a book, not daunted. Books shouldn't be daunting, they should be funny, exciting and wonderful; and learning to be a reader gives a terrific advantage.
Felix Wantang, God's Blueprint of the Holy Bible|If you have any questions for Jesus Christ it is only because you were not paying attention when he said "It is finished; I died for you on the cross." John 19:30.
Maria Semple|Fast, Cheap, Good: Pick Two.
Henry Fielding, The History of Tom Jones, a Foundling|Well, I can throw a mean comeback, so there's that. I will crush them on wit.
Brandi L. Bates|Never accept yourself as a finished product. Be a finished product when you die. As long as you have breath in your lungs, expand yourself.
James Madison|As with the Christian religion, the worst advertisement for Socialism is its adherents.
Stephen King, Wolves of the Calla|Your man Jesus seems to me a bit of a son of a bitch when it comes to women,´Roland said. ´Was He ever married?´The corners of Callahan's mouth quirked. ´No´ he said, ´but His girlfriend was a whore.´´Well,´ Roland said, ´that's a start.´
Deirdre Riordan Hall, In the Desert|Everybody says "" I Love You "" Is the bestsentence in whole world.. . .But....I believe that ....""I Love you too"" is the Best. . .Because Many Gets To hear the first one Butonly few gets to hear the second one.Awesome Words By A LOVER ... !!! "My One Hand Is Enough ToFight Against The WorldIf You Hold The Other OneWhen A Couple Fights TooMuchButNever Ended Up With BreakingUp,Then They Are Really InLove..!!
Debasish Mridha|Happiness is not found in success, but it is found in the essence and byproduct of success.
Siri Hustvedt, The Summer Without Men|We are all dying one by one. We all smell of mortality, and we can't wash it off.
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|I enjoy a torture session on the rowing machine and I also enjoy my mom’s homemade peach cobbler. I enjoy flopping like that dead fish with hips that can’t lie in dance class, and I also enjoy ordering pizza with my kid, renting a movie, and downing popcorn while we share some special time together. I enjoy seeing how much I can lift at the gym and I also enjoy stuffing a fresh chewy chocolate chip cookie into my face when I’m having a hard day.
Jay Woodman|The issue is not what you may be facing, rather your interpretation of it. Always think in a positive light to create a better world for yourself and others.
Dinesh Kumar Radhakrishnan|Be happy by forgiving or forgetting or doing both, but we can gain no happiness by holding grudges.
Seneca, Natural Questions|The time will come when diligent research over long periods will bring to light things which now lie hidden. A single lifetime, even though entirely devoted to the sky, would not be enough for the investigation of so vast a subject... And so this knowledge will be unfolded only through long successive ages. There will come a time when our descendants will be amazed that we did not know things that are so plain to them... Many discoveries are reserved for ages still to come, when memory of us will have been effaced.
Georges Perec|You can do without sleep or without food, but not without both and sleep wasn't an option.
Christine de Pizan, The Treasure of the City of Ladies|Ah, child and youth, if you knew the bliss which resides in the taste of knowledge, and the evil and ugliness that lies in ignorance, how well you are advised to not complain of the pain and labor of learning.
Thomas Cardin, Regression|So that left me. To save my hatchlings and my underground, even if I couldn't be there anymore.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Like alcohol and poverty, a heartbreak has the power to make a man do something he wouldn’t normally do and to make a woman do someone she wouldn’t normally do.
K.I. Hope, We Are Making the World a Better Place|There were things hiding inside of her I wasn’t equipped to see and this collapse ripped her open to me. I searched her cavities for symbols that would betray her true nature, but found nothing I could read, just a vast absence containing her poverty of morals. I should’ve known, the need for my presence in her life was never love, only a sluice of goodness she would let flood the gulley of her body when she needed to appear human.
Roma Tearne, Mosquito|There was nothing particularly striking about them except that they were artists of the kind that talk. Everyone knows of the talking artists. Throughout all of the known history of the world they have gathered in rooms and talked. They talk of art and are passionately, almost feverishly, in earnest about it. They think it matters much more than it does.
|In every endeavor, you owe it to yourself to always push until the door of opportunity of opens.
Seth Grahame-Smith, How to Survive a Horror Movie|I really, really need some help and advice. I'm scared... I'm scared of my own home, of my own daughter!
Lemony Snicket, Who Could That Be at This Hour?|What most people want to keep under wraps (from reporters) is trivial: petty jealousies, professional feuds, etc. By contrast, most of the things they have thought about most seriously all their lives they are perfectly winning to uncover.
Ian Fleming, For Your Eyes Only|I think it's the same with all the relationships between a man and a woman. They can survive anything so long as some kind of basic humanity exists between the two people. When all kindness has gone, when one person obviously and sincerely doesn't care if the other is alive or dead, then it's just no good.-- from Quantum of Solace
Elizabeth Banks|I'd want it to be really special to both of us, but I'm a huge fan of 'At Last' as a wedding song. But what's also really cool is songs that no one else would have at their wedding, like an obscure Radiohead song.
H.W. Charles, The Money Code: Become a Millionaire With the Ancient Jewish Code|Although some popular religious texts such as the New Testament, Quran, Bhagavad Gita, Tao Te Ching, or Tibetan Book of the Dead contain interesting insights and stories, it is the Jewish religious texts such as the Old Testament (Hebrew Scriptures) that contain valuable information on acquiring wealth.
Michelle O'Leary, The Huntress|Uh-oh, big boy. Your blood is in the water and the sharks are circling. Must be feeding time."--Mea Brin, The Huntress
Ronald Peret|Your thoughts have the power to control; our being, our emotions, and the way we view the world that surrounds us. If you don't constantly re-think what you think of on a daily basis, how do you ever expect to evolve into a being of; wisdom, truth, understanding, love, and above all, to be there for others?
Jonathan Sacks|We know – it has been measured in many experiments – that children with strong impulse control grow to be better adjusted, more dependable, achieve higher grades in school and college and have more success in their careers than others. Success depends on the ability to delay gratification, which is precisely what a consumerist culture undermines. At every stage, the emphasis is on the instant gratification of instinct. In the words of the pop group Queen, “I want it all and I want it now.” A whole culture is being infantilised.
Simon Sheppard, Homosex: Sixty Years of Gay Erotica|... it nevertheless powerfully conveys the Arcadian dream of a great, cross- cultural brotherhood of buttsex, a pioneer porntopia where sodomy reigns supreme and there is no poison oak.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|One thing I ask of the LORD, this is what I seek: that I may dwell in the house of the LORD all the days of my life, to gaze upon the beauty of the LORD and to seek him in his temple.
Friedrich Nietzsche|I do not pretend to understand the moral universe; the arc is a long one, my eye reaches but little ways; I cannot calculate the curve and complete the figure by the experience of sight, I can divine it by conscience. And from what I see I am sure it bends towards justice.
Hunter S. Thompson, Kingdom of Fear: Loathsome Secrets of a Star-Crossed Child in the Final Days of the American Century|I suspect that a greater and more insidious influence [than violence in movies] may lie in what they tell us about being in love, and how to conduct ourselves while in that condition.
Margaret Atwood|Some of these stories, it is understood, are not to be passed on to my father, because they would upset him. It is well known that women can deal with this sort of thing better than men can. Men are not to be told anything they might find too painful; the secret depths of human nature, the sordid physicalities, might overwhelm or damage them. For instance, men often faint at the sight of their own blood, to which they are not accustomed. For this reason you should never stand behind one in the line at the Red Cross donor clinic. Men, for some mysterious reason, find life more difficult than women do. (My mother believes this, despite the female bodies, trapped, diseased, disappearing, or abandoned, that litter her stories.) Men must be allowed to play in the sandbox of their choice, as happily as they can, without disturbance; otherwise they get cranky and won't eat their dinners. There are all kinds of things that men are simply not equipped to understand, so why expect it of them? Not everyone shares this believe about men; nonetheless, it has its uses.
Charles Hash, Nascent Decay|It was one thing to talk about ghosts, quite another to have them messing around with things in the physical world.
John Piper|In other words, all the highest aims of language are decisively the work of God. They are decisively supernatural. And no amount of poetic effort or expertise in the use of words can bring about the great aims of life if God withholds his saving power.
Delaine Robins|If the true God is not allowed to lead our lives society will continue to immerse itself into bad decision, poor planning and selfishness on all levels. This will lead to a world-wide revolution that will fuel more meaningless wars, injustice, horrific crimes, lost of life and what really matters the most, hope for the future. A love that could warms hearts. A trust that would never betray a brother or a friend. A peace that the world has never seen.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|The one surefire way to get me not to hire you is to send me your resume, especially if you've already got a good job. I won't be interested, because in a couple years, you'll be doing the same thing to me that you're doing to your current boss: looking for a better deal.
Dave Pelzer|Don't dwell on what went wrong. Instead, focus on what to do next. Spend your energies on moving forward toward finding the answer.
Robin Sacredfire|Write until it becomes as natural as breathing, write until not writing makes you anxious.
Deyth Banger|Hey, slow down... please speak clearly and understandable on the topic what happen!
Clare B. Dunkle, Close Kin|There is, incidentally, no way of talking about cats that enables one to come off as a sane person.
Jane Campion|And, I mean, I think poetry does need to be met to some extent, especially, I guess, 19th century poetry, and for me, it's just been so worth the effort. It's like I'm planting a garden in my head.
Bob Marley|The man’s rights and the woman’s rights are the same size. They have the right to have their opinions and desires respected, to have a 50 percent say in decision making, to live free from verbal abuse and physical harm. Their children’s rights are somewhat smaller but substantial nonetheless; children can’t have an equal say in decisions because of their limited knowledge and experience, but they do have the right to live free from abuse and fear, to be treated with respect, and to have their voices heard on all issues that concern them.
Rob Bell|If the gospel isn't good news for everybody, then it isn't good news for anybody. And this is because the most powerful things happen when the church surrenders its desire to convert people and convince them to join. It is when the church gives itself away in radical acts of service and compassion, expecting nothing in return, that the way of Jesus is most vividly put on display. To do this, the church must stop thinking about everybody primarily in categories of in or out, saved or not, believer or nonbeliever. Besides the fact that these terms are offensive to those who are the "un" and "non", they work against Jesus' teachings about how we are to treat each other. Jesus commanded us to love our neighbor, and our neighbor can be anybody. We are all created in the image of God, and we are all sacred, valuable creations of God. Everybody matters. To treat people differently based on who believes what is to fail to respect the image of God in everyone. As the book of James says, "God shows no favoritism." So we don't either.
Caitlin Moran, How to Build a Girl|I run my hands through his hair, finally, finally, finally, then bring his head to mine and kiss him so hard our teeth collide, planets collide, kissing him now for each and every time we didn't all summer long. I know absolutely how to kiss him too, how to make his whole body tremble just from biting his lip, how to make his whole body tremble just from biting his lip, how to make him moan right inside my mouth by whispering his name, how to make his head fall back, his spine arch, how to make him groan through his teeth.
Timothy J. Keller, The Reason for God: Belief in an Age of Skepticism|...the basic premise of religion—that if you live a good life, things will go well for you—is wrong. Jesus was the most morally upright person who ever lived, yet he had a life filled with the experience of poverty, rejection, injustice, and even torture.
Joseph Campbell, The Hero's Journey: Joseph Campbell on His Life & Work|The ego is as you think of yourself. You in relation to all the commitments of your life, as you understand them. The self is the whole range of possibilities that you've never even thought of. And you're stuck with you're past when you're stuck with the ego. Because if all you know about yourself is what you found out about yourself, well, that already happened. The self is a whole field of potentialities to come through.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you want water, do not go to desert...
Cormac McCarthy, Blood Meridian, or the Evening Redness in the West|Here was one room; there another. Did religion solve that, or love?
Debasish Mridha|Richness does not exist in being wealthy, richness exists in having abundance in life.
Jalaluddin Rumi, Hush, Don't Say Anything to God: Passionate Poems of Rumi|Do you know what you are?You are a manuscript oƒ a divine letter.You are a mirror reflecting a noble face. This universe is not outside of you. Look inside yourself;everything that you want, you are already that.
Frederick William Robertson|When I am able to resist the temptation to judge others, I can see them as teachers of forgiveness in my life, reminding me that I can only have peace of mind when I forgive rather than judge.
Colm Toibin|I travel a lot, and that makes it harder to date, but it also opens up opportunities for me to meet people where I wouldn't normally meet them.
John Pipkin, The Blind Astronomer's Daughter|...but at night when he turns the awkward [telescope] skyward, he catches his breath at the clarity of the image and the vast populations of stars unknown to him until then, the riotous glittering in the dark crevices between constellations, a convocation of bright spirits waiting to be found.
Debasish Mridha|Our success depends on goal-oriented, focused actions, not on distractions.
Ben Simmons|Strengthen me by sympathizing with my strength, not my weakness.
Chloe Thurlow, Sophie's Secret|To understand women who look both ways requires hearing their stories, not just noting the sex of their current partner. And when you listen closely, it's apparent these women have learned something crucial in these relationships.
Christopher Babson, Breakout Presentations: Wow! People in Business and Life|It is not the size of a person in the fight, but the size of the fight in a person is what determines victory.
Siri Hustvedt, The Summer Without Men|Not telling is just as interesting as telling I have found. Why speech, that short verbal journey from inside to outside can be excrutiating under certain circumstances is fascinating.
Ruth Reichl|That's what I like so much about libraries, they smell the way we would like to imagine the past.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|And no matter what anybody says, I don't believe all this trouble started when women got the vote. As far as I'm concerned, it goddamn well got started when you taught each other how to read.
Julius Erving|I want to have fun. It's a beautiful life. You learn, you win, you lose, but you get up.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|Being present, whether with children, with friends, or even with oneself, is hard work. But isn't this attentiveness -- the feeling that someone is trying to think about us -- something we want more than praise?
Fletcher Pratt, Tales From Gavagan's Bar|For most people, language is our primary interface with each other and with the external world.
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|To be future strong, you will face difficult hardships. Usually, there is no absolutely right or absolutely wrong choice. The key is to be intentional: Choosing the best hardships for your best future.
Anne Fortier, The Lost Sisterhood|Yea, he who is a true king of men, will not say to himself, 'Lo! I am worthy to be crowned with laurels;' but rather will he say to himself, 'What more is there that I may do to make the world the better because of my endeavors?
Shannon Hale, Enna Burning|I'm a terrible prince. I should put my kingdom first and everything else second, but your first. I want you by my side every second, but I know I would crumble if I lost you.
Elbert Hubbard|The loving parts of your personality have no trouble loving. That is all they do. You experience the loving parts of as gratitude, appreciation, caring, patience, contentment and awe of life.
Suzette Boon, Coping with Trauma-Related Dissociation: Skills Training for Patients and Therapists|Our inner experience is that which we think, feel, remember, perceive, sense, decide, plan and predict. These experiences are actually mental actions, or mental activity (Van der Hart et al., 2006). Mental activity, in which we engage all the time, may or may not be accompanied by behavioral actions. It is essential that you become aware of, learn to tolerate and regulate, and even change major mental actions that affect your current life, such as negative beliefs, and feelings or reactions to the past the interfere with the present. However, it is impossible to change inner experiences if you are avoiding them because you are afraid, ashamed or disgusted by them. Serious avoidance of you inner experiences is called experiential avoidance (Hayes, Wilson, Gifford, & Follettte, 1996), or the phobia of inner experience (Steele, Van der Hart, & Nijenhuis, 2005; Van der Hart et al., 2006).
Kiera Cass, The Siren|It was a kiss that had sneaked in through an open window, a kiss that lay folded in a paper giraffe, in the silences between 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, in the pits of the mini mangoes and here, now, at least, it was set free. And the rightness of it, the feeling of longing and belonging, made me want to hold on to it forever. I wanted Damian to keep kissing me, keep kissing, keep kissing, until every other kiss had been erased, until this was the only kiss.
Pearl Zhu, Digitizing Boardroom: The Multifaceted Aspects of Digital Ready Boards|Digital leadership must be extremely visionary, mindful, creative, empathetic, generous, conscious, passionate, and humble.
P.G. Wodehouse, My Man Jeeves|How could I not fall in love with him," she asked. And on the tail end of her words, her bedroom door flew open and closed just as fast.Jen bent over, panting heavily as she looked up at Sally."Hey Sally girl. Who we falling in love with?" Jen asked breathlessly."Jen, what's wrong?" Sally paused and then decided on a better question. "What have you done now?"Jen stood up and took two deep breaths. Seeming to have regained her wind, she spoke quickly."First off, I've changed my mind. I don't want you to name your first born after me."Sally interrupted. "Thank goodness for that," she muttered."I want you to name your entire freaking litter after me," Jen growled. "Do you know what I've been through?" Jen's arms were flinging around as she glared at Sally. "I did that little strip tease to try and keep things from escalating with the rest of the pack and Decebel was beyond pissed. I had to sneak out of the gathering room and make a run for it. I've been running through the freaking forest trying to throw him off by changing back and forth so that I could place my clothes that I carried in my freaking muzzle. CARRIED IN MY MUZZLE SALLY! I put them in different places to throw off him off my scent." Jen went over to Sally's window and was trying to judge the danger of using it as an exit.
Frans de Waal|Once you enjoy playing the game too much, you stop looking at the score..!!
Nicholas M. Cuono Sr., This Is His House and These Are His Rules|Humans want answers, answers that compute; this does not compute Will Robinson! This was dialogue between a young boy and a robot from a TV series in the late 1960s. This TV series was a precursor for the new technology humans were about to be introduced to in the late twentieth century.
Harsh Malik|Students should be told, how to think, not what to think.
Amanda McCabe, Running from Scandal|Once upon a long ago time I was a girl with hopeful halos in my eyes—not unlike you—not a typical beauty but beautiful nonetheless, as all young girls tend to be in their prime, even if they don’t tend to know it.
Stacy Snapp-Killian aka StacyK|A present reality, experienced in this life that begins in you, is known as; the kingdom of God.
Haruna Idowu|It is impossible to love someone you do not respect, but there can be mutual attraction without mutual respect.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Life wants you to touch, taste and see the grandeur of the world's unfathomable variety.
Aneurin Bevan, In Place of Fear|Praxeology is a theoretical and systematic, not a historical, science. Its scope is human action as such, irrespective of all environmental, accidental, and individual circumstances of the concrete acts. Its cognition is purely formal and general without reference to the material content and the particular features of the actual case. It aims at knowledge valid for all instances in which the conditions exactly correspond to those implied in its assumptions and inferences. Its statements and propositions are not derived from experience. They are, like those of logic and mathematics, a priori. They are not subject to verification or falsification on the ground of experience and facts.
Kevin W. Reese|Money, food, and sex are overrated. They become attachments that enslave the untrained mind. Freedom has no cravings.” – Kevin W. Reese
Stephen King, Cujo|We'll just have to get along. That's what people do, you know? They just get along. And try to help each other.
Kerrelyn Sparks, How to Marry a Millionaire Vampire|The first time you tried to save people, you were certain of victory?""Yes. In my pride, I knew I could not fail.""Then, in your mind, you were risking nothing. Are you certain of victory tonight?"Roman stared into the darkness of the booth. "No, I am not.""Then why are you risking your life?"Tears filled his eyes. "I cannot bear for them to risk their own. I...love them."The priest took a deep breath. "Then you have your answer. You do this not out of pride, but out of love. And since love comes from the Father, He has not abandoned you."Roman scoffed."You do not understand the magnitude of my sins.""Perhaps you do not understand the magnitude of God's forgiveness.
Saket Assertive|I tried to make my life colorful with basic colors Red, Green and Blue....... ohh god... my perfection in blending made it white !!! now again confused…. should go with :( or :)
Lech Walesa|I'm taking all the negatives in my life, and turning them into a positive.
Carrie Jones, Need|Like, when you kiss him, POW, he gets hit by a bear. Totally not your fault. You shouldn't feel bad about that. It's not your bear.
Thomas Browne, Pseudodoxia Epidemica: Or, Enquiries into Commonly Presumed Truths|All the Navel therefore and conjunctive part we can suppose in Adam, was his dependency on his Maker, and the connexion he must needs have unto heaven, who was the Sonne of God. For holding no dependence on any preceding efficient but God; in the act of his production there may be conceived some connexion, and Adam to have been in a moment all Navel with his Maker. And although from his carnality and corporal existence, the conjunction seemeth no nearer than of causality and effect; yet in his immortall and diviner part he seemed to hold a nearer coherence, and an umbilicality even with God himself. And so indeed although the propriety of this part be found but in some animals, and many species there are which have no Navell at all; yet is there one link and common connexion, one general ligament, and necessary obligation of all whatever unto God. Whereby although they act themselves at distance, and seem to be at loose; yet doe they hold a continuity with their Maker. Which catenation or conserving union when ever his pleasure shall divide, let goe, or separate, they shall fall from their existence, essence, and operations; in brief, they must retire unto their primitive nothing, and shrink into that Chaos again.
Aishabella Sheikh, Entwined|Returning to my dreams was like returning to home after a long time of being away - everything was exactly the same as you left it, except infinitely better.
Michael  Summers, I Had a Dream About You|I had a dream about you last night. We watched pornography together, but purely for the storyline.
Munindra Misra, PT. Kanhaiya Lal Misra - My Father|Man is but lost in wishes, Of wealth, fame and riches, This airy castle he stitches, With logic that are his ditches.
Sereda Aleta Dailey, The Oracle of Poetic Wisdom|Whenever a time arises where clarity is desired, it is always wise to reflect on the sage within.
Mike Pompeo|The freedom to fail is vital if you're going to succeed. Most successful people fail from time to time, and it is a measure of their strength that failure merely propels them into some new attempt at success.
Marcus Aurelius|It is our job, as members of parliament, to legislate with an eye to the long term future, to look over the horizon beyond the next election and ensure that as far as we can what we do today will make Australia a better place, a safer place, for future generations to live in.
Harry Styles|It's the most gratifying thing to have young girls telling me, 'I love that you do a photo shoot in pants and a button up shirt, and you still look cool.'
Diana Richardson, Tantric Sex for Men: Making Love a Meditation|Most partners do not have sex frequently enough for optimum mental, physical, and emotional health.
Hugh MacLeod, Ignore Everybody: and 39 Other Keys to Creativity|They're only crayons. You didn't fear them in Kindergarten, why fear them now?
Debasish Mridha|You may not find the opportunity to succeed, but you can always find the opportunity to serve. Then serve to succeed.
Natasha Tsakos|When we know that it's a planet just like this one, only with a better climate and worse people--when we know they're all propertarians, and fight wars, and make laws, and eat while other starve, and anyhow are all getting older and having bad luck and getting rheumatic knees and corns on their toes just like people there...when we know all that, why does it still look so happy--as if life there must be happy?..."... "If you can see the whole thing," he said, "it seems that it's always beautiful. Planets, lives....But close up, a world's all dirt and rocks. And day to day, life's a hard job, you get tired, you lose the pattern. You need distance, interval. The way to see how beautiful the art is, is to see it as the moon. They way to see how beautiful life is, is from the vantage point of death.
Kathy McCullough, Who Needs Magic?|I may not hate all of the people all of the time, but I hate all of them some of the time, and I hate some of them all of the time.
Christa Wolf, City of Angels or Overcoat of Dr. Freud|She ordered a martini and encouraged me to, but said she couldn't drink it with her medication. She just liked seeing it in front of her, like the old days, all set to do its little magic.
Sarah Pinborough, Behind Her Eyes|Secrets, secrets, secrets. People are filled to the brim with them if you look closely.
Conrad Veidt|Like hatred, jealousy is forbidden by the laws of life because it is essentially destructive.
Sue Grafton|Take a course in good water and air; and in the eternal youth of Nature you may renew your own. Go quietly, alone; no harm will befall you.
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|You can only build on success, but to do this you have to be willing to let go of your last success and use it as a stepping stone for your next achievement.
Stan Slap|A manager’s emotional commitment is worth more than their financial, intellectual and physical commitment combined.
Tracey Reddick|If you can't talk about, write about it!
Daphne Rose Kingma|Language does have the power to change reality. Therefore, treat your words as the mighty instruments they are - to heal, to bring into being, to remove, as if by magic, the terrible violations of childhood, to nurture, to cherish, to bless, to forgive - to create from the whole cloth of your soul, true love.
Coco Chanel|She let her mind drift, thinking about new lingerie designs, wishing she'd brought along her sketchpad. Inspiration could strike at the most inconvenient times--in the shower, in the car, on this road--but she was grateful it was with her again, an old companion with whom she was getting reacquainted, pleased to find they could take up where they'd left off, as if there'd been no estrangement at all.
Hattie Morahan|As a partner in a firm full of women who work outside of the home as well as stay at home mothers, all with plenty of children, gender equality is not a talking point for me. It is an issue I live every day.
Sarah Mlynowski, Ten Things We Did|If I had a reader and he had read all I have written so far of my adventures, there would be certainly no need to inform him that I am not created for any sort of society. The trouble is I don't know how to behave in company. If I go anywhere among a great many people I always have a feeling as though I were being electrified by so many eyes looking at me. It positively makes me shrivel up, physically shrivel up, even in such places as the theatre, to say nothing of private houses. I did not know how to behave with dignity in these gambling saloons and assemblies; I either was still, inwardly upbraiding myself for my excessive mildness and politeness, or I suddenly got up and did something rude. And meanwhile all sorts of worthless fellows far inferior to me knew how to behave with wonderful aplomb-- and that's what really exasperated me above everything, so that I lost my self-possession more and more. I may say frankly, even at that time, if the truth is to be told, the society there, and even winning money at cards, had become revolting and a torture to me. Positively a torture. I did, of course, derive acute enjoyment from it, but this enjoyment was at the cost of torture.
Lemony Snicket, Horseradish|Love can change a person the way a parent can change a baby- awkwardly, and often with a great deal of mess.
John Zorn|And one by one, driven to exhaustion, trapped by fence and horses and bewilderment, under an immaculate sky the mythic creatures died. They died not in mercy, not in the majesty which was their due, but as the least of life, accursed of nature. They died in the dust of insult and the spittle of lead.There was more here than profaned the eye or ear or nose or heart. There was more here than mere destruction. The American soul itself was involved, its anthropology.We are born with buffalo blood upon our hands. In the prehistory of us all, the atavistic beasts appear. They graze the plains of our subconscious, they trample through our sleep, and in our dreams we cry out our damnation. We know what we have done, we violent people. We know that no species was created to exterminate another, and the sight of their remnant stirs in us the most profound lust, the most undying hatred, the most inexpiable guilt. A living buffalo mocks us. It has no place or purpose. It is a misbegotten child, a monster with which we cannot live and which we cannot live without. Therefore we slay, and slay again, for while a single buffalo remains, the sin of our fathers, and hence our own, is imperfect. But the slaughter of the buffalo is part of something larger. It is as though the land of Canaan into which we were led was too divine, and until we have done it every violence, until we have despoiled and murdered and dirtied every blessing, until we have erased every reminder of our original rape, until we have washed our hands of the blood of every other, we shall be unappeased. It is as though we are too proud to be beholden to Him. We cannot bear the goodness of God.
AnnaBella Cavanagh|Your Eyes Travel a Thousand Miles,But your mind will travel even more
Jakub Bożydar Wiśniewski|If the bulk of the public were really convinced of the illegitimacy of the State, if it were convinced that the State is nothing more nor less than a bandit gang writ large, then the State would soon collapse to take on no more status or breadth of existence than another Mafia gang.
Timothy J. Stoner, Crucify!: Why the Crowd Killed Jesus|If Jesus was put to death by powerful elites protecting their turf, then the murder is only a historical or academic puzzle. But if those who knew Him best—His longtime admirers—were involved, everything changes. It suddenly becomes personal, for we are then forced to confront the more troubling questions: Would I have sided with the majority and cried out for His blood? Would you?
Jay Bakker|When we really understand it, we will always find grace offensive. And that's exactly the way it should be. If we start to feel comfortable with grace, then we've lost what it really means.
Ron Paul|Government programs didn’t arise because the people demanded them or because the free market was unable to provide needed services. They arose because the politicians found them to be a convenient way to buy votes with other people’s money, a convenient way to enlarge their own power, a convenient way to reward their political cronies, and a convenient way to keep people dependent on government.
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|There is entirely too much tut-tutting in this realm, if you ask me. All these kings would do a deal better if they put down their swords and listened to their mothers.
Stephen Hawking, A Brief History of Time|The more of us that feel the universe, the better off we will be in this world.
Geoffrey Canada|Scoutcraft is a means through which the veriest hooligan can be brought to higher thought and to the elements of faith in God; and, coupled with the Scout's obligation to do a good turn every day, it gives the base of Duty to God and to Neighbour on which the parent or pastor can build with greater ease the form of belief that is desired.
Jenika Snow, Bared for Her Bear|Kidnapping you was the worst idea I ever had." - Luc Wade
Madeleine L'Engle, A Wrinkle in Time|Stop your whining. If you are frightened, be silent. Whining is for prey. It attracts predators. And you are not prey.
Richard Jackson, Out of Place|The thing is to sift outthe important sounds, little syllables and vowels that bringhints of their lost words, and not to mistake the fossil forthe life, or the kiss for the love, not to mistake the fragmentfor the sentence.
Christa McAuliffe|NASA was going to pick a public school teacher to go into space, observe and make a journal about the space flight, and I am a teacher who always dreamed of going up into space.
Kit Reed|Beginning to write, you discover what you have to write about.
Jerry  Payne, Writing Memoir: The Practical Guide to Writing and Publishing the Story of Your Life|In a funny way it's almost fun, having everything be so fucked up and managing to adjust. I guess you might say I'm proud. Proud of me, proud of my friends for managing to deal with this thing so well. For most people this would be the end of the world. They'd panic, their friends would panic. Things would get trampled in the stampede. But we've kept our heads, made the necessary allowances, ad can just ride this thing out.I'm pretty much just putting in time waiting for this cloud to blow over. Waiting for something to come along to make some sense out of all this. Killing time, waiting for some sort of cavalry to come over the hill. There's really not an awful lot I can do but wait. As long as there's no panic, we can hold out for damn near forever.
Hilary Mantel, Bring Up the Bodies|The historian, like everyone else, is forever trapped in the egocentric predicament, and 'presentism' is his original sin.
Debasish Mridha|Life is like a bud, it always dreams to bloom like a flower.
Renee Fleming|'What comes next?' is the constant question I'm asked by outsiders eager to travel to the island. During the eleven years I traveled to Havana, very few Cubans I met on the island ever bothered to verbalize this question.
Dianna Hardy, The Witching Pen|I'm hoping you end up happily married to the man of your dreams and have a hoard of beautiful kids that'll keep you on your toes by turning your neighbours into various types of pond-life." He then shot her his signature grin. "But if it happens to be me, then I wouldn't say no."(Karl to Elena in The Witching Pen)
RJ Blizzard|It’s easier to love the idol than to love Him. The path is narrow, and few find it because they are afraid. We have made God into an idol to fear because we made ourselves to be worthless. The object of God's love has been manipulated to be contemptible.
Gautama Buddha, The Dhammapada|If we get rid of all wishful thinking and dubious metaphysical speculations, we can hardly doubt that – at a time not too distant – each one of us will simply cease to be. It won’t be like going into darkness forever, for there will be neither darkness, nor time, nor sense of futility, nor anyone to feel anything about it. Try as best you can to imagine this, and keep at it. The universe will, supposedly, be going on as usual, but for each individual it will be as if it had never happened at all; and even that is saying too much, because there won’t be anyone for whom it never happened. Make this prospect as real as possible: the one total certainty. You will be as if you had never existed, which was, however, the way you were before you did exist – and not only you but everything else. Nevertheless, with such an improbable past, here we are. We begin from nothing and end in nothing. You can say that again. Think it over and over, trying to conceive the fact of coming to never having existed. After a while you will begin to feel rather weird, as if this very apparent something that you are is at the same time nothing at all. Indeed, you seem to be rather firmly and certainly grounded in nothingness, much as your sight seems to emerge from that total blankness behind your eyes. The weird feeling goes with the fact that you are being introduced to a new common sense, a new logic, in which you are beginning to realize the identity of ku and shiki, void and form. All of a sudden it will strike you that this nothingness is the most potent, magical, basic, and reliable thing you ever thought of, and that the reason you can’t form the slight idea of it is that it’s yourself. But not the self you thought you were.
Anarchist Communist Collective|Being called a murderer: fine, I have no objection to that. It's a fact: I am a sinner, a fallen human. But to be called a murderer by the police!
W. Eugene Smth|You make your own rules and then break one, that's really horrible.
Annabel Pitcher, My Sister Lives on the Mantelpiece|There was one story that anger certainly lit the fuse of. In the 1960's, in my home town of Jackson, the civil rights leader Medgar Evers was murdered on night in darkness and I wrote a story that same night about the murderer (identity unknown) called "Where Is The Voice Coming From?" But all that absorbed me, though it started as outrage, was the necessity I felt for entering into the mind and inside the skin of a character who could hardly have been more alien or repugnant to me. Trying for my utmost, I wrote in the first person. I was wholly vaunting the prerogative of the short-story writer. It is always vaunting, of course, to imagine yourself inside another person, but it is what a story writer does in every piece of work; it is his first step, and his last too, I suppose. I'm not sure this story was brought off; and I don't believe that my anger showed me anything about human character that my sympathy and rapport never had.
Quentin Tarantino|As a writer, I demand the right to write any character in the world that I want to write. I demand the right to be them, I demand the right to think them and I demand the right to tell the truth as I see they are.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Spend your time with the people who talk about the stars because to whichever place you put your mind in, you will move to that place! Stars pull you to the stars; mud pulls you to the mud!
Ivan Illich, The Right to Useful Unemployment and Its Professional Enemies|Work done off the paid job is looked down upon if not ignored. autonomous activity threatens the employment level, generates deviance, and detracts​ from the GNP...Work no longer means the creation of a value perceived by the worker but mainly a job, which is a social relationship. Unemployment means sad idleness, rather than the freedom to do things that are useful for oneself or for one's neighbour. An active woman who runs a house and brings up children and takes in those of others is distinguished from a woman who 'works,' no matter how useless or damaging the product of this work might be.
Sunday Adelaja|If we are not submitted to Jesus Christ, then the forces of darkness will not be subject to us.
David Levithan, Dash & Lily's Book of Dares|Every step you take, a million doors open in front of you like poppies; your next step closes them, and another million bloom. You get on a train, you pick up a lamp, you speak, you don’t. What decides why one thing gets picked to be the way it will be? Accident? Fate? Some weakness in ourselves? Forget your harps, your tin-foil angels—the only heaven worth having would be the heaven of answers.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Even the ones who love you most will let you down. They are the ones who will disappoint you more because your expectations of them are higher. When you feel like they have let you down, you need to realize that it is not them who have let you down, but it is only your expectations that were not met.
Ottessa Moshfegh, Homesick for Another World|Every time I saw Lacey, she'd gained five more pounds. She was turning into the kind of obese girl who does her hair like a forties pinup and wears bright red lipstick, a blue polka-dot dress with a white doily collar, colorful tattoos across her huge, smushed cleavage, as if these considerations would distract us from how fat and miserable she'd become.
Nathan Filer, The Shock of the Fall|If I look closely I can see we have the same colour eyes, not me and Simon, but me and the boy who is also me, the boy who I can no longer recognise, with whom I no longer share a single thought, worry, or hope.
Marie Anzalone, A Pilgrimage in Epistles: Pems as Letters and Observations|In the act of creation, as in all the arts, the soul should be felt in the face and the fingers and the tongue, even in the cavities.
S. Kelley Harrell|Too many irons, not enough fire.
Morris R. Gates|I'm left with the pages of my life just turning,The story being filled slowly day by day,But the end is approaching and it is out of my hands, Hopefully I will reach my climax,Hopefully I will be able to draw my conclusions,Until then …All I can do is just turn the page
Graeme Roberts|Grammar, you're the pickiest noun I know.
Farshad Asl|Don't try to compete, Create!Don't try to compare, Dominate!Don't try to complain, Change!And don't just try, Commit!This is the moment that can change your life forever!
Elena Ferrante, Those Who Leave and Those Who Stay|...maybe, in the face of abandonment, we are all the same; maybe not even a very orderly mind can endure the discovery of not being loved.
Jake Vander-Ark, The Day I Wore Purple|Prayer seems to me a cry of weakness, and an attempt to avoid, by trickery, the rules of the game as laid down. I do not choose to admit weakness. I accept the challenge of responsibility. Life, as it is, does not frighten me, since I have made my peace with the universe as I find it, and bow to its laws. The ever-sleepless sea in its bed, crying out “how long?” to Time; million-formed and never motionless flame; the contemplation of these two aspects alone, affords me sufficient food for ten spans of my expected lifetime. It seems to me that organized creeds are collections of words around a wish. I feel no need for such. However, I would not, by word or deed, attempt to deprive another of the consolation it affords. It is simply not for me. Somebody else may have my rapturous glance at the archangels. The springing of the yellow line of morning out of the misty deep of dawn, is glory enough for me. I know that nothing is destructible; things merely change forms. When the consciousness we know as life ceases, I know that I shall still be part and parcel of the world. I was a part before the sun rolled into shape and burst forth in the glory of change. I was, when the earth was hurled out from its fiery rim. I shall return with the earth to Father Sun, and still exist in substance when the sun has lost its fire, and disintegrated into infinity to perhaps become a part of the whirling rubble of space. Why fear? The stuff of my being is matter, ever changing, ever moving, but never lost; so what need of denominations and creeds to deny myself the comfort of all my fellow men? The wide belt of the universe has no need for finger-rings. I am one with the infinite and need no other assurance.
Koren Zailckas, Mother, Mother|Violet remembered that slap; later her mother had called it a "love tap," as if to further confuse love with pain.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|Every step towards Education is important , Just like every lighting lamp remove a bit of darkness from this world
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Man persists in waywardness. If one institution fails [he says], try another—anything but God’s plan.
Sylvia Day, A Dark Kiss of Rapture|There wasn't a woman alive who could resist a man who paid attention to her, who made her feel like she was the only other person in his world.
Daniel Defoe, Robinson Crusoe|It was both odd and unjust, a real example of pitiful arbitrariness of existance, that you were born into a particular time & held prisoner there whether you wanted it or not. It gave you an indecent advantage over the past and made you a clown vis-a-vis the future.
Betty Friedan, Feminine Mystique|The man who is extremely and dangerously hungry has no other interest but food. Capacities not useful for the satisfying of hunger are pushed into the background. 'But what happens to man's desires when there is plenty of food and his belly in chronically filled? At once, other (and higher) needs emerge and these, rather than the psychological hungers, dominate the organism.
Matt Haig, The Humans|You know how sometimes, your life is so perfect you’re afraid for the next moment, because it couldn’t possibly be quite as good? That’s what it felt like.
Tim Liwanag, First Filipino World Records|Because Filipinos are very creative and assiduous people, they will always find a way to make things happen.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Great faith, great hope and great courage.
Sigmund Freud, A General Introduction to Psychoanalysis|It is a predisposition of human nature to consider an unpleasant idea untrue, and then it is easy to find arguments against it.
Charles Darwin|One day, on tearing off some old bark, I saw two rare beetles, and seized one in each hand. Then I saw a third and new kind, which I could not bear to lose, so I popped the one which I held in my right hand into my mouth. Alas! it ejected some intensely acrid fluid, which burnt my tongue so that I was forced to spit the beetle out, which was lost, as was the third one.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|Never try to understand the students. They hate it. They would much rather be tragically misunderstood, wallow in self-pity, stew in their own —”“That’s enough, Phineas,” said Dumbledore.
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|Islamophobia may not actually be considered as a medical condition, unlike a medical condition, it is nothing but a primordial disgrace to the character of thinking humanity.
Caroline George, The Vestige|When you find a truth that surpasses your desire to fit trends and meet approval, you can be certain it’s worth fighting to spread.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge, Christabel|The one red leaf, the last of its clan,That dances as often as dance it can,Hanging so light, and hanging so high,On the topmost twig that looks up at the sky.
John Ashbery, Flow Chart|So one can lose a good ideaby not writing it down, yet by losing it one can have it: it nourishes other asidesit knows nothing of, would not recognize itself in, yet when the negotiationsare terminated, speaks in the acts of that progenitor, and doesrecognize itself, is grateful for not having done so earlier.
Susan Donovan, He Loves Lucy|...legitimacy is based on three things. First of all, the people who are asked to obey authority have to feel like they have a voice--that if they speak up, they will be heard. Second, the law has to be predictable. There has to be a reasonable expectation that the rules tomorrow are going to be roughly the same as the rules today. And third, the authority has to be fair. It can't treat one group differently from another.
Benjamin Franklin|...as I am not fond of giving advice,having seldom seen it taken
Frank Gehry|Architecture is a visual art, and the buildings speak for themselves.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|There's always one more way to do things and that's your way, and you have a right to try it at least once.
R.C. Sproul, Pleasing God|The redeemed of God who are snatched from the flames by the hand of the Lord are still covered with ashes. We remain streaked with charcoal and blemished with soot. We are redeemed, but not sinless. Satan is quick to call attention to the dirt. He wants us to be more conscious of our sin than of God’s mercy.
CLAMP|Oh Mokona, you're such a tease! ~Fai D. Flowright
Flavia Weedn, To Take Away the Hurt: Insights into Healing|Someday, beyond the clouds and all the world's wrongs, there will be love, compassion and justice, and we shall all understand.
Catherynne M. Valente|In Russian fairy tales, the narrative flows a little differently. In those stories, you won’t find a tale for Cinderella, one for Snow White, one for Rapunzel. Instead, a peculiar cast of characters recurs over and over, in nearly every story, performing different acts and suffering different sorrows, but remaining the same. Ivan the Fool. Yelena the Bright. Baba Yaga. Vasilisa the Brave. Koschei the Deathless.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|Can we imagine a togetherness that isn't founded on gross generalizations, conceptualizing ourselves as unique individuals who still stand to gain from looking out for one another? Can we identify with each other rather than with categories or masters?
Alfred North Whitehead|Rightness of limitation is essential for growth of reality.Unlimited possibility and abstract creativity can procure nothing. The limitation, and the basis arising from what is already actual, are both of them necessary and interconnected.
Immanuel Kant, Fundamental Principles of the Metaphysic of Morals|On Virtue – When people want to describe the hideousness of a person or object, they may use the phrase ‘ugly as sin’. But the phrase should be ‘ugly as virtue’. Sin isn’t ugly. It’s highly attractive! That’s why so many people flock to it.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|Evil presupposes a moral decision, intention, and some forethought. A moran or a lout, howeverm doesn't stop to think or reason.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Self-realization, which leads to purity of the soul, requires forgiving our enemies and working on the most horrendous modules of oneself.
E. Jamie, The Betrayal|You're beautiful, my little wolf. Every single part of you, especially your soul. I can feel it connected to mine.
Benjamin Franklin, The Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin|To this day I don’t know if he was struggling with the moral implications of gunning down half a dozen civilians, or if he was mentally counting to see if he had that many shells left in the gun.
Richard Hammond|Actually, I always dreamed about getting a gold medal in the 100-meter freestyle in Olympic swimming. I always thought that would be the epic award in sports to get.
Stephen Richards, Scottish Hard Bastards|There is no getting away from the fact, he is one of only a few screws in the system who are the real McCoy. Anyone reading this book who has spent time in Scottish prisons will no doubt agree, this chimp is up for it just as much as the prisoners. I personally would love to see more screws like him, as he doesn’t bother with all this shitty report piss. If you want to fight him, he comes into your cell, one-on-one, man-to-man.
John Keats|My imagination is a monastery, and I am its monk
Audre Lorde|We are born weak, we need strength; helpless, we need aid; foolish, we need reason. All that we lack at birth, all that we need when we come to man's estate, is the gift of education.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|Remember this. We are always looking for problems to solve, and to solve problems we need to be ready for clues. And you will never be in the receiving frame of mind if you – never – shut - up!
Kirsten Beyer, Acts of Contrition|Knowledge does not come through force. it can not be taken, it can only be freely received.
Kate Atkinson, Life After Life|When someone sees the same people every day(...)they wind up becoming a part of that person's life. And then they want the person to change. If someone isn't what others want them to be, the others become angry. Everyone seems to have a clear idea of how other people should lead their lives, but none about his or her own
Neil Gaiman, Coraline|Mission motto, sir," said Carrot cheerfully. "Morituri Nolumus Mori. Rincewind suggested it.""I imagine he did," said Lord Vetinari, observing the wizard coldly. "And would you care to give us a colloquial translation, Mr Rincewind?""Er..." Rincewind hesitated, but there really was no escape. "Er... roughly speaking, it means, 'We who are about to die don't want to', sir.
Tobey Maguire|I'm sure there will come a time when I won't be able to, you know, walk around so easy sometimes, or it's just things that I don't necessarily want. I don't really necessarily want to be famous.
Lisa Kleypas, Mine Till Midnight|For Dickinson as part of a middle-class community anxious about female creativity, self-assertion, self-expression, and egoism, Shakespeare and Stratford may have been emblems appropriate to her own task as a writer: to achieve literary renown but also authorial disappearance.
Caroline George, The Vestige|You’re different, and I know that’s probably the most cliché response ever given, but it’s the truth. When I look at you, it’s as if I’m reading a novel. No matter how much time I spend studying your pages, there will always be more for me to learn, deeper layers of complexity to baffle me, and plot twists that’ll leave me speechless.
Margaret Atwood, Oryx and Crake|Even sex was no longer what it had once been, though he was still as addicted to it as ever. He felt jerked around by his own dick, as if the rest of him was merely an inconsequential knob that happened to be attached to one end of it. Maybe the thing would be happier if left to roam around on its own.
Bakunin, Mikhail Aleksandrovich|But here steps in Satan, the eternal rebel, the first freethinker and the emancipator of worlds. He makes man ashamed of his bestial ignorance and obedience; he emancipates him, stamps upon his brow the seal of liberty and humanity, in urging him to disobey and eat of the fruit of knowledge.
Michael Pollan, Cooked: A Natural History of Transformation|She rested her head on his shoulder. "You're better than waffles, Matthias Helvar." A small smile curled the Fjerdan's lips. "Let's not say things we don't mean, my love.
Jeannette Walls, Half Broke Horses|Everything in life had a purpose, and unless it achieved that purpose, it was just taking up space on the planet and wasting everybody's time.
Sami Abouzid|Good guys, Win in movies, Baby My heart is crying Like rain in May
Matt Smith|After I finished high school I went to Hong Kong and Thailand and spent some time there. Just to get that whole experience of being out of the bubble that I was in from high school in Vancouver, to be able to travel around and be on your own was an amazing experience.
Preston Sprinkle|And when Jesus declared, 'It is finished,' He meant it. God’s punishment for our sin was paid for, permanently settled, finished— 100 percent. If you have responded in faith to God’s free pardon through Jesus, then God will never punish you for your sin. It’s finished. No more. If you screw up today or tomorrow (which you will), it’s already been paid for through Jesus. 'There is therefore now no condemnation for those who are in Christ Jesus,' Paul said (Rom. 8: 1). None. God will not and cannot condemn you after He has already condemned Jesus for you. It’s impossible. God will never be angry with you since His anger was poured out on Jesus. All of it. One hundred percent.Charis: God's Scandalous Grace for Us (p. 169).
J. Sheridan Le Fanu, Carmilla|Thus fortified I might take my rest in peace. But dreams come through stone walls, light up dark rooms, or darken light ones, and their persons make their exists and their entrances as they please, and laugh at locksmiths.
Kristan Higgins, If You Only Knew|In most marriages, lust and love become tempered by normalcy. If you hear your husband farting in the bathroom seconds before he emerges and asks if you want to fool around, you generally don’t want to fool around. You might, after a few minutes, but you have to forgive your husband for… well, for being human. For eating a bean burrito. After all, you ate the bean burrito, too.
John Muir, The Mountains of California|Climb the mountains and get their good tidings. Nature's peace will flow into you as sunshine flows into trees. The winds will blow their own freshness into you, and the storms their energy, while cares will drop away from you like the leaves of Autumn.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The Savior ,the Lord Jesus Christ is holy servant.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|Life is a gift. Regard it as such. Return the blessing through each life you touch. Every seed planted, springs forth new birth. Allow your bouquet to cover the earth.
Paul Theroux|I was raised in a large family. The first reason for my travel was to get away from my family. I knew that I wanted to be a writer, but I didn't want people to ask me questions about it.
ricky star|And with a practice of writing comes a certain important integrity. A culture filled with bloggers thinks differently about politics or public affairs, if only because more have been forced through the discipline of showing in writing why A leads to B.
Colin G. Calloway, The Scratch of a Pen: 1763 and the Transformation of North America|Since much of American taxes prior to 1763 went to support the local clergy, one humorist suggested the opportunity to vote on that. If the minister was turned out, he could open a tavern and preach to his customers if he served them liquor.
Ayn Rand|And now I see the face of god, and I raise this god over the earth, this god whom men have sought since men came into being, this god who will grant them joy and peace and pride. This god, this one word: 'I.
Nick Hornby, About a Boy|Marcus couldn't believe it. Dead. A dead duck. OK, he'd been trying to hit it on the head with a piece of sandwich, but he tried to do all sorts of things, and none of them had ever happened before. He'd tried to get the highest score on the Stargazer machine in the kabab shop on Hornsey road - nothing. He'd tried to read Nicky's thoughts by staring at the back of his head every maths lesson for a week - nothing. It really annoyed him that the only thing he'd ever achieved through trying was something he hadn't really wanted to do that much in the first place. And anyway, since when did hitting a bird with a sandwich ever kill it? People spend half their lives throwing things at the ducks in Regent's Park. How come he managed to pick a duck that pathetic?
Brian A. McBride, Paradox|From now until eternity meets its end, you will walk by faith and not by sight.
Jerome K. Jerome, Second Thoughts Of An Idle Fellow|In my youth, the question chiefly important to me was—What sort of man shall I decide to be? At nineteen one asks oneself this question; at thirty-nine we say, “I wish Fate hadn’t made me this sort of man.
Mark Frost|Faith, family, academics and then sports was the order of priorities in my family. My parents really stuck to these principles when raising me and my two brothers. As long as we took care of everything, they let us play as much basketball as we wanted.
Henrik Ibsen, An Enemy of the People|You see, the point is that the strongest man in the world is he who stands most alone.
Chris Burkmenn|The harder the fight, the greater the victory.
Lori Bregman|A woman armed with ancestral wisdom is a powerful force. You'll find her powers come from within, she is in tune with her spirit, and the magic of the universe. She trusts, values and follows her intuition.
Louise Erdrich, The Antelope Wife|Pretending to feel something you don't can often lead you to the real thing, in some form.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, Mosses from an Old Manse|All have some artificial badge which the world, and themselves among the first, learn to consider as a genuine characteristic.
Magan Vernon, On Paper Wings|Oh, Moon, upon me shine-Give back his life, instead take mine.Send back his heart, return his breath.Please release him from his death.Give back his eyes, bring back his voice.I willingly have made this choice.Hand back his plans, restore his mind,I willingly grant you mine.Oh, Moon, Oh, Stars, upon me glow-Tell the river to let go.
Stephanie Oakes, The Sacred Lies of Minnow Bly|That's how you avoid becoming a moth," he says. "Stop asking others what to believe. Figure it out for yourself.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|Jane, will you marry me?""Yes sir.""A poor blind man, whom you will have to lead about by the hand?""Yes, sir.""A crippled man, twenty years older older than you, whom you will have to wait on?""Yes, sir.""Truly, Jane?""Most truly, sir.
Laura Busche, Powering Content: Building a Nonstop Content Marketing Machine|Human beings are complex information consumers: they have active needs, passions, and preferences. They lead different lifestyles — some that you will never be able to empathize with unless you dive deep in qualitative and quantitative data. And that is precisely the point of persona research.
Holly Bodger, 5 to 1|Ira furor brevis est: animum rege: qui nisi paret imperat.(Anger is a brief madness: govern your mind [temper], for unless it obeys it commands.)
Heather Dixon, Entwined|Dance with me."Blinking, first at his offered palm and then at his features, I asked, "Why?"Not immediately replying, he reached for me, pulled me to my feet, and slid an arm around my waist. I allowed him to hold my body against his, fit our hands together, and sway to the lovely music. Begrudgingly, I admitted to myself he had great rhythm. Someone had taught him to dance.Jehtro dipped his mouth to my ear, his beard tickling my neck as he finally whispered an answer to my question, "Because you want me to hold you, but you don't know how to ask.
Michael Bassey Johnson, Master of Maxims|The future can never lie about the past. In the end, you will see the beginning.
Cameron Jace, Happy Valentine's Slay|A wise man once said the fact that everyone lies is a universal truth, the only variable is about what.
Nikki Rowe|He who didn't succeed at his own dreams, was too busy listening to another's failures.
Michael   Shea, Best New Horror 16|Up before sunrise. Marjorie hated getting out of bed in the dark, but loved the payoff once she was dressed and rolling down the country roads in the first light, cruising and owning them almost alone. The countryside here used to be a lot more interesting, though. She remembered it in her girlhood - orchards, small ranches, farmhouses, each one of these houses a distinct personality... Money, she thought wryly, scanning the endless miles of grapevines, all identically wired and braced and drip-lined, mile after mile - money was such a powerful organizer.As the dawn light gained strength, and bathed the endless vines in tarnished silver, it struck her that there was, after all, something scary about money, that it could run loose in the world like a mythic monster, gobbling up houses and trees, serving strictly its own monstrous appetite. ("The Growlimb")
Lorine S. Thomas, Cross Your Heart|The Gobi wasn't completely devoid of life; its ecosystem was unexpectedly extensive and varied given the extremes to which it subjected its denizens, but some of those forms of life weren't the kind that Anna wanted to admire too closely.
Napoleon Hill|There are only really a few stories to tell in the end, and betrayal and the failure of love is one of those good stories to tell.
John Irving, A Son of the Circus|In our hearts... there must abide some pity for those people who have always felt themselves to be separate from even their most familiar surroundings, those people who either are foreigners or who suffer a singular point of view that makes them feel as if they’re foreigners - even in their native lands. In our hearts... there also abides a certain suspicion that such people need to feel set apart from their society. But people who initiate loneliness are no less lonely than those who are suddenly surprised by loneliness, nor are they undeserving of our pity.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Man has been called a rational being, but rationality is a matter of choice — and the alternative his nature offers him is: rational being or suicidal animal. Man has to be man — by choice; he has to hold his life as a value — by choice; he has to learn to sustain it — by choice; he has to discover the values it requires and practice his virtues — by choice.A code of values accepted by choice is a code of morality.
H.P. Lovecraft, Cats and Dogs|Having played to her heart's content, Chibi would come inside and rest for a while. When she began to sleep on the sofa--like a talisman curled gently in the shape of a comma and dug up from a prehistoric archaeological site--a deep sense of happiness arrived, as if the house itself had dreamed this scene.
Compton Gage|To be a great warrior is not enough. Flesh and blood, however skilled, can be destroyed... you must be more than just a man in minds of your opponents.
Sean Carroll, The Big Picture: On the Origins of Life, Meaning, and the Universe Itself|If an ontology predicts almost nothing it ends up explaining almost nothing, and there's no reason to believe it.
Jo Walton, My Real Children|There’s no doubt that your genes contain very important information, but 65% of the influence can be attributed to the environment and your lifestyle – they determine whether your unfortunate genes come to expression. Hello! That’s a bit of a wake-up call, isn’t it?
Neil Gaiman|All conflict can be traced back to someone’s feelings getting hurt, don’t you think?
Adrienne Rich, What is Found There: Notebooks on Poetry and Politics|A poem can't free us from the struggle for existence, but it can uncover desires and appetites buried under the accumulating emergencies of our lives, the fabricated wants and needs we have had urged on us, have accepted as our own. It's not a philosophical or psychological blueprint; it's an instrument for embodied experience.
E.G.Kardos|He was not utterly unskilled in handling his own lack of training, and he refused to be rashly drawn into a controversy about those matters from which there would be no exit nor easy way of retreat. This was an additional ground for my pleasure. For the controlled modesty of a mind that admits limitations is more beautiful than the things I was anxious to know about.
K.L. Armstrong, Odin's Ravens|There's something in there," Matt said. "Something alive. It punched me.""Punched you?" Baldwin's face screwed up. "Are you sure a bat didn't fly into you? I bet there are a few in there."Matt rubbed his tender jaw. "Unless its name is Bruce Wayne, that wasn't a bat.
Christopher Moore, The Stupidest Angel: A Heartwarming Tale of Christmas Terror|People, generally, suck.
Nella Larsen, Passing|Well, what of it? If sex isn’t a joke, what is it
Vivek Verma|Her voice was perfect, custom-made for my ears. I wanted to hit the record button in my brain and save this all for later. Half of me was listening to her words, but the other half was mesmerized by the melody.
Sahar Abdulaziz, But You Look Just Fine: Unmasking Depression, Anxiety, Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder, Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder, Panic Disorder and Seasonal Affective Disorder|Facing up to non-being enables us to put our life into perspective, see it in its entirety, and thereby lend it a sense of direction and unity. If the ultimate source of anxiety is fear of the future, the future ends in death; and if the ultimate source of anxiety is uncertainty, death is the only certainty. It is only by facing up to death, accepting its inevitability, and integrating it into life that we can escape from the pettiness and paralysis of anxiety, and, in so doing, free ourselves to make the most out of our lives and out of ourselves.
Sinclair Lewis, Dodsworth|If travel were so inspiring and informing a business...then the wisest men in the world would be deck hands on tramp steamers, Pullman porters, and Mormon missionaries.
Bernie Sanders|Women, we might as well be dogs baying the moon as petitioners without the right to vote!
Thomas F. Madden, From Jesus to Christianity: A History of the Early Church|Prominent Christians in Constantine's time waited to be baptized until their deathbeds lest they commit a "major"sin that couldn't be forgiven of those already baptized. Others felt anyone who did anything to avoid martyrdom were apostates had no valid subsequent ministry.
John Lewis Gaddis|It is worth starting with visions, though, because they establish hopes and fears. History then determines which prevail.
John Stuart Mill, Utilitarianism|It is indisputable that the being whose capacities of enjoyment are low, has the greatest chance of having them fully satisfied; and a highly endowed being will always feel that any happiness which he can look for, as the world is constituted, is imperfect. But he can learn to bear its imperfections, if they are at all bearable; and they will not make him envy the being who is indeed unconscious of the imperfections, but only because he feels not at all the good which those imperfections qualify.  dissatisfied than a fool satisfied. And if the fool, or the pig, is of a different opinion, it is only because they only know their own side of the question.
J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye|People cry out against the sinner, yet it is not the sinful, but the stupid, who are our shame. There is no sin except stupidity.
Lailah Gifty Akita|How could you renew your mind, if you never read?
Muriel Barbery, The Elegance of the Hedgehog|I haven't got anything against cats. I haven't got anything against elk either, but that doesn't mean I'm going to keep one in the store so I'll have a place to hang my hat.
Jack Ma|Every film that comes out that incorporates CGI or performance capture is a little bit ahead of the last film that came out. You're on the cutting edge for a certain amount of time, and then the new technology comes out.
Guy de Maupassant, Pierre et Jean|It puzzled him that she did not mourn all the things she could have been. Was it a quality inherent in women, or did they just learn to shield their personal regrets, to suspend their lives, subsume themselves in child care? She browsed online forums about tutoring and music and schools, and she told him what she had discovered as though she truly felt the rest of the world should be as interested as she was in how music improved the mathematics skills of nine-year-olds. Or she would spend hours on the phone talking to her friends, about which violin teacher was good and which tutorial was a waste of money.
Jens Lekman|Every morning when I wake up, I am grateful and happy that I come to the film set. It is home.
Tahereh Mafi, Unravel Me|I count everything. Even numbers, odd numbers, multiples of 10. I count the ticks of the clock i count the tocks of the clock I count the lines between the lines on a sheet of paper. I count the broken beats of my heart I count my pulse and my blinks and the number of tries it takes to inhale enough oxygen for my lungs. I stay like this I stand like this I count like this until the feeling stops. Until the tears stop spilling, until my fists stop shaking, until my heart stops aching. There are never enough numbers.
Jeffrey Eugenides, My Mistress's Sparrow Is Dead: Great Love Stories from Chekhov to Munro|A love story can never be about full possession. The happy marriage, the requited love, the desire that never dims--these are lucky eventualites but they aren't love stories. Love stories depend on disappointment, on unequal births and feuding families, on matrimonial boredom and at least one cold heart. Love stories, nearly without exception, give love a bad name.We value love not because it's stronger than death but because it's weaker. Say what you want about love: death will finish it. You will not go on loving in the grave, not in any physical way that will at all resemble love as we know it on earth. The perishable nature of love is what gives love its importance in our lives. If it were endless, if it were on tap, love wouldn't hit us the way it does.And we certainly wouldn't write about it.
Darrell Royal|A father is a person who's around, participating in a child's life. He's a teacher who helps to guide and shape and mold that young person, someone for that young person to talk to, to share with, their ups and their downs, their fears and their concerns.
Yasmin Tirado-Chiodini, Antonio's Will|It's kind of funny to me listening to people who claim to have these great records of winning a hundred and some odd straight felony cases without a loss and that kind of stuff that you hear of all the time. I'm here to tell you, if you let me pick out which hundred cases I get to try, I'll win a hundred of them in a row, too. Case selection is everything in creating records like that. My philosophy was, I tried them all. If I made a determination that the evidence was sufficient to justify the prosecution, then I would try the case, and certainly whenever you do that, you're going to lose a certain percentage of them.
Will Cuppy, How to Attract the Wombat|Would it not be downright cruel to keep him in semi-captivity in a town or city, where the opportunities for wreaking havoc and destruction upon the landscape are necessarily so limited? In a word, is it right to attract Wombats?
Germany Kent|Be around people that make you want to be a better person, who make you feel good, make you laugh, and remind you what's important in life.
Leonard Cohen|Friend, when you speak this carefully I know it is because you don't know what to say.
Jodi Picoult, Handle with Care|Lawyers were notorious for finding cases in the most unlikely places, especially ones with huge potential damagers awards.
Norm MacDonald|I don't like sports where it's like, you watch a guy on a motorcycle flip or something, then another guy does it, it looks exactly the same, and then at the end one guy gets higher points! It seems so arbitrary; I don't know who's ahead ever.
Bruce Lee, Tao of Jeet Kune Do|There are patterns in everything, in the whole of Nature, from the way the stars turn in the heavens to the whorl of a shell or the petals of a flower and the way leaves arrange themselves about a twig. There are forces, hidden forces. If I can discover what they are, how they operate, I will have my hands upon the levers of creation and can work them myself.
Idries Shah, Learning How to Learn: Psychology and Spirituality in the Sufi Way|Progress comes through capacity to learn, and is irresistible.
Joyce Carol Oates, A Widow's Story|The gardener is the quintessential optimist: not only does he believe that the future will bear out the fruits of his efforts, he believes in the future.
Barbara Hambly|We're under some gross misconception that we're a good species, going somewhere important, and that at the last minute we'll correct our errors and God will smile on us. It's delusion.
Paul Oskar Kristeller|...I believe that nothing that once was can be completely undone. Even if destroyed in the material world and forgotten by men, it remains and will remain alive in the memory of an infinite being for which the past as well as the future is always present, and that is thus the greatest, the only true historian, and the keeper of the eternal tradition of which even our best human traditions ...are but shadows and images.
Pedro Okoro, Crushing the Devil: Your Guide to Spiritual Warfare and Victory in Christ|God wants you to face the reasons why you separate yourself from Him. He will show you what you fear, what you need, and what you desire. He will inventory your beliefs and values, and help you line them up with His truth.
Allen West|Corporations often partner with government after natural disasters, as many companies did in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina in 2005. As a rule, however, long-term civic/corporate partnerships are still rare .But this need not remain the status quo, as many opportunities are available for such partnerships.
Mehmet Murat ildan|A poem that is itself a name does not yearn for the name of its creator, but shines from its name alone.
Cassandra Clare, Lord of Shadows|...As if you have discovered a beach you have been visiting all your life is made not of sand but of diamonds, and they blind you with their beauty...Diamonds might be blinding in their beauty, but they were also the hardest and sharpest gems in the world. They could cut you or grind you down, smash and slice you apart. Malcolm, deranged with love, had not thought of that. But Julian could think of nothing else.
John Fitch|I make a living, even life and death judgments, by reading peoples' body language, their raw reactions to situations. And I'd almos swear you've never seen those documents before.""Well," Aidan said, swallowing hard, calculating what fame and money had cost him. "I'd say you're damn good at your job, because I haven't.
Jacques Yonnet|The best thing to be in a city was anonymous. Failing that, however, notoriety would do.
Gustave Flaubert|By trying to understand everything, everything makes me dream
Martin Amis|The universe is a million billion light-years wide, and every inch of it would kill you if you went there. This is the position of the universe with regards to human life.
Josh Lanyon, Somebody Killed His Editor|Sable hair bisected his pecs and arrowed down to the straight and unequivocal statement of his returned interest. Forcing my gaze to his face, I said, "I really don't think we have time for that.""You know that, and I know that, but HE doesn't believe it.""Believe it," I told HIM.J.X.'s mouth tugged into one of those heart-stopping smiles. "Maybe you should whisper in his ear.
Jeanette Lynes, Where the Nights Are Twice as Long: Love Letters of Canadian Poets|It is by giving the freedom to the other, that is by letting go, we gain our own freedom back.
Janet Edwards|With faces entirely invisible through suits, it was hard to be sure, but my impression was that he was watching me and copying my every move. I felt this proved he was intelligent.
Queen Latifah|There are a lot of people who helped make Queen Latifah who she is today. I don't forget, but a lot of people do and get big heads. My mom will make me walk the dogs or take out the trash when I go home. I'm not allowed to get a big head; I've still got to do the simple things in life.
J. R. R. Tolkien|If we know that our own men are in a condition to attack, but are unaware that the enemy is not open to attack, we have gone only halfway towards victory.
Thomas Aquinas|All a musician can do is to get closer to the sources of nature, and so feel that he is in communion with the natural laws.
Debasish Mridha|Don’t fear challenges. They often give us the opportunity to strengthen our courage, faith, and inner strength.
Robert Olen Butler, Perfume River|And William says, "I lost one son utterly."... ..."So I've held my tongue. But the truth is you didn't go to war. You went through the motions. But you turned it into graduate school. You contrived a comfortable place on the edge of the action to go study. You didn't even let the army decide your fate. You wangled your safe little job with a pre-enlistment deal and avoided the real thing. You told all the others who manned up, 'Better you do the dirty work, not me. Better your blood than mine.
Jane Austen, Northanger Abbey|That's what you think of me, is it, girl?" said his lordship, a glint in his
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|Belief, like fear or love, is a force to be understood as we understand the theory of relativity and principals of uncertainty. Phenomena that determine the course of our lives. Yesterday, my life was headed in one direction. Today, it is headed in another. Yesterday, I believe I would never have done what I did today. These forces that often remake time and space, that can shape and alter who weimagine ourselves to be, begin long before we are born and continue after we perish. Our lives and our choices, like quantum trajectories, are understood moment to moment. That each point of intersection, each encounter, suggest a new potential direction. Proposition, I have fallen in love with Luisa Rey. Is this possible? I just met her and yet, I feel like something important has happened to me.
José Saramago, Blindness|If, before every action, we were to begin by weighing up the consequences, thinking about them in earnest, first the immediate consequences, then the probable, then the possible, then the imaginable ones, we should never move beyond the point where our first thought brought us to a halt. The good and evil resulting from our words and deeds go on apportioning themselves, one assumes in a reasonably uniform and balanced way, throughout all the days to follow, including those endless days, when we shall not be here to find out, to congratulate ourselves or ask for pardon, indeed there are those who claim that this is the much talked of immortality.
Frank Bruni|Graduates fared better if, during college, they did any one of these: developed a relationship with a mentor; took on a project that lasted a semester or more; did a job or internship directly connected to their chosen field; or became deeply involved in a campus organization or activity (as opposed to minimally involved in a range of things).
Dana Arcuri, Reinventing You: Simple Steps to Transform Your Body, Mind, & Spirit|Our faith is built in the dark, in the valleys, and during the back-breaking battles in life.
Lailah Gifty Akita|My wishes before I die, to fulfill my mission on earth; The writing of my life stories to inspired present and future generations.
Leigh Lezark|I'm not from the States, so Thanksgiving, for me, was never a huge tradition.
Jane Austen, Emma|She was happy, she knew she was happy, and knew she ought to be happy.
Kelley Armstrong, The Summoning|That's what we all want, isn't it? Power without price.
Kenneth Eade, Russian Holiday|Millions of us daily take advantage of [Skype], delighted to carry the severed heads of family members under our arms as we move from the deck to the cool of inside, or steering them around our new homes, bobbing them like babies on a seasickening tour. Skype can be a wonderful consolation prize in the ongoing tournament of globalization, though typically the first place it transforms us is to ourselves. How often are the initial seconds of a video's call takeoff occupied by two wary, diagonal glances, with a quick muss or flick of the hair, or a more generous tilt of the screen in respect to the chin? Please attend to your own mask first. Yet, despite the obvious cheer of seeing a faraway face, lonesomeness surely persists in the impossibility of eye contact. You can offer up your eyes to the other person, but your own view will be of the webcam's unwarm aperture. ... The problem lies in the fact that we can't bring our silence with us through walls. In phone conversations, while silence can be both awkward and intimate, there is no doubt that each of you inhabits the same darkness, breathing the same dead air. Perversely, a phone silence is a thick rope tying two speakers together in the private void of their suspended conversation. This binding may be unpleasant and to be avoided, but it isn't as estranging as its visual counterpart. When talk runs to ground on Skype, and if the purpose of the call is to chat, I can quickly sense that my silence isn't their silence. For some reason silence can't cross the membrane of the computer screen as it can uncoil down phone lines. While we may be lulled into thinking that a Skype call, being visual, is more akin to a hang-out than a phone conversation, it is in many ways more demanding than its aural predecessor. Not until Skype has it become clear how much companionable quiet has depended on co-inhabiting an atmosphere, with a simple act of sharing the particulars of a place -- the objects in the room, the light through the window -- offering a lovely alternative to talk.
Ilana Waters, The Adventures of Stanley Delacourt|There is something nice about a library, isn't there?" Mr. Curtis said. He nodded and took in the familiar scenery. "The scent of ink and worn, dusty pages.
E.M. Forster, The Machine Stops|Night and day, wind and storm, tide and earthquake, impeded man no longer. He had harnessed Leviathan. All the old literature, with its praise of Nature, and its fear of Nature, rang false as the prattle of a child.
Molly Friedenfeld|why do you have to explain, because they ask you to? Somethings need no explanation, they just are. When you block the flow of feeling you create problems for yourself. Zoomanity is confrontational. Listen and then allow
Katie Ford, Blood Lyrics: Poems|The Old StoicRiches I hold in light esteem, And Love I laugh to scorn; And lust of fame was but a dream, That vanished with the morn:And if I pray, the only prayer That moves my lips for me Is, "Leave the heart that now I bear, And give me liberty!"Yes, as my swift days near their goal:’Tis all that I implore; In life and death a chainless soul, With courage to endure.
G.A. Aiken, About a Dragon|He didn’t even apologize as he sat up, staring down at her. Washe angry? She guessed not when he began to speak to his erection.“I know. I can’t believe she left us like this either. Cruel wench,isn’t she?”After the long, frightening, horrible day she had, this was notremotely how she expected to end it. And, against her will, shesmiled.“Look. Now she’s laughing at us.”Desperately fighting a bout of laughter, she ordered, “Stoptalking to it.”He shrugged. “Well you won’t talk to him…and he’s feelingawfully lonely. And I think you hurt his feelings.” Then he made itbounce twice in agreement.Talaith covered her face and sighed. What exactly did hermother tell her the seven signs of madness were? Well, a dragontalking to his own shaft had to be one of them.
Jeanette Winterson, Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit|Until we realize that things might not be, we cannot realize that things are. Until we see the background of darkness, we cannot admire the light as a single and created thing. As soon as we have seen that darkness, all light is lightening, sudden, blinding, and divine. Until we picture nonentity we underrate the victory of God, and can realize none of the trophies of His ancient war. It is one of the million wild jests of truth that we know nothing until we know nothing.
Christine Fonseca, Lacrimosa|Cass pulls from my embrace, her mind reaching into my heart. Pain, anger, confusion pass through her eyes. My pain. My anger. My confusion. She swallows hard. “Because?”“Because I traded it all, my heart, my memories, everything. For her.
Miguel Syjuco|I once asked her if she got bored living alone, and she said, 'To say one is bored to be alone is to admit that one has no inner resources.
M.F. Moonzajer|We all believe that, we can’t buy love even if we are rich enough; but I think no one buys his own property.
Michael J. Massimino|Earlier generations of stars in the galaxy could well have had planets. But really, there was only hydrogen and helium to work with, so they'd all be gas giants and not small, rocky planets.
Linda Leigh Hargrove|With Catty and Patrick's images in he side mirror waving from the steps of that house like Jethro and Ellie Mae, it occurred to me that something extraordinary had happened. I had effortlessly found a place of acceptance -- a place where people had taken me for me, not for what I could give them -- and I had left it.
Ilona Boniwell|Psychologists call these fully absorbing experiences flowstates, which were discovered and named by a world-famous psychologistwith the most unpronounceable surname I have ever encountered –Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi.
Ptolemy, Ptolemy's Almagest|A few years have gone and come around when we were sittin' at our favorite spot in town and you looked at me, got down on one knee. Take me back to the time when we walked down the aisle; the whole town came and our mammas cried. And you said "I do.", and I did, too. Take me home where we met so many years before; we'll rock our babies on the very front porch. After all this time, you and I. And I'll be eighty-seven you'll be eighty-nine, I'll still look at you like the stars that shine. In the sky. Oh, my my my.
Nelson A. Miles|The war on terrorism has made national security a legitimate concern, and a rising deficit, changes brought on by globalization and even the price of oil have thrown the nation's economic health into question.
Auberon Waugh|Everything human beings can imagine has been thrown at injustice, and injustice just absorbs it, and enlarges.
James Randi|Concerning the gods I cannot know either that they exist or that they do not exist, or what form they might have, for there is much to prevent one's knowing: the obscurity of the subject and the shortness of man's life.
Debasish Mridha|Unhappiness is complicated and has many different causes, but happiness is simple and has only one reason.
Edward Humes, No Matter How Loud I Shout: A Year in the Life of Juvenile Court|He wants to tell her that he is not hopeless, that he is not filled with hatred or violence, that he is not a number, a 300 or 600 or any hundred, but just a kid with no one and nothing, and who would do anything to make it otherwise. Just tell me how, he wants to scream. He wants to tell her what it's like to have the same dream night after night, that he's playing tag with his little sister, laughing, happy - then waking up and not knowing if the image in his head is a dim memory, or just something his mind cooked up to fill the black hole. Do you know what it's like to have no past? he wants to ask. And behind it all, like a ringing in his ears, is the question that really nags at him all the time, the one that has haunted him since he was six years old and his family evaporated. He wants to ask it, then and there and for good: What did I do wrong back then? What did I do to deserve this life?
Jean Baudrillard, Screened Out|We find the same situation in the economy. On the one hand, the battered remnants of production and the real economy; on the other, the circulation of gigantic amounts of virtual capital. But the two are so disconnected that the misfortunes which beset that capital – stock market crashes and other financial debacles – do not bring about the collapse of real economies any more. It is the same in the political sphere: scandals, corruption and the general decline in standards have no decisive effects in a split society, where responsibility (the possibility that the two parties may respond to each other) is no longer part of the game.This paradoxical situation is in a sense beneficial: it protects civil society (what remains of it) from the vicissitudes of the political sphere, just as it protects the economy (what remains of it) from the random fluctuations of the Stock Exchange and international finance. The immunity of the one creates a reciprocal immunity in the other – a mirror indifference. Better: real society is losing interest in the political class, while nonetheless availing itself of the spectacle. At last, then, the media have some use, and the ‘society of the spectacle’ assumes its full meaning in this fierce irony: the masses availing themselves of the spectacle of the dysfunctionings of representation through the random twists in the story of the political class’s corruption. All that remains now to the politicians is the obligation to sacrifice themselves to provide the requisite spectacle for the entertainment of the people.
Lili Frings, The Clare Kane Project|He kept quite for a minute or so but it felt like an hour. “That sounds like either you know a lot of diseased and ill people or they’re just ill or dead because of you.”“I know,” I said and felt like a monster.
Joe Barton|When a plan or strategy fails, people are tempted to assume it was the wrong vision. Plans and strategies can always be changed and improved. But vision doesn't change. Visions are simply refined with time.
Michelle Bachelet|There are three roads to ruin; women, gambling and technicians. The most pleasant is with women, the quickest is with gambling, but the surest is with technicians.
D.R. Hedge, The Geri Rogue|It's what we do, we continue on. Yet, what is the point? There is nothing ahead of us when there is nothing left of us.
Anthon St. Maarten|Never invest in any kind of relationship with anyone who is not willing to work on themselves just a little every day. A person who takes no interest in any form of self-improvement, personal development or spiritual growth will also not be inclined to make much of an effort building a truly meaningful connection with you. A relationship with only one partner willing to do the work ceases to be a relationship. And as anyone who has been there will tell you - it's pointless to try and dance the tango solo.
Vivian Vande Velde|As in all great cataclysmic events, men are forced to show their true colours. Some will achieve the status of legend for their courage, brilliance and dedication; some will possess all the same qualities unacknowledged; others will be plodders doing their best; and there will be those who will be what they have always been -- sewer rats.
Chinonye J. Chidolue|You can choose to stay strong and keep moving on or you can run, and in the end still make a U-turn..
Spike Jonze|My noble respect also goes to the anti-Japanese revolutionary forerunners, martyrs of the People's Army and other patriotic martyrs who dedicated all their precious things to promoting the development of our Party and the prosperity of the country in loyal support of the great leaders.
James Dent|If June was the beginning of a hopeful summer, and July the juice middle, August was suddenly feeling like the bitter end.
Kelly Proudfoot, Delwyn of the Realms|One foot in each world, riding them simultaneously; expecting not to fall.
Pawel Pawlikowski|As with many other folk beliefs, 'feng-shui' undoubtedly incorporates some scientifically correct observation or received wisdom based on direct experience of natural phenomena; but it needs to be dealt with skeptically as a credible system of thought. Some feng-shui prescriptions can certainly lead to desirable results.
ANIKOR Daniel|The right choice often requires hard work and self-discipline, or self-sacrifice; don't be enticed by apparent short-cuts that seems right but end in tragedy.
Leah Remini, Troublemaker: Surviving Hollywood and Scientology|Belief and faith are great, but very few peoplehave been led astray by thinking for themselves.
Agatha Christie, The Mysterious Mr. Quin|No one wants to die alone, even though that's how it happens to all of us, even though we pretend there's some other ways.
Steven Wright|Before I became a film major, I was very heavily into social science, I had done a lot of sociology, anthropology, and I was playing in what I call social psychology, which is sort of an offshoot of anthropology/sociology - looking at a culture as a living organism, why it does what it does.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|I've proved my point. I've demonstrated there's no difference between me and everyone else! All it takes is one bad day to reduce the sanest man alive to lunacy. That's how far the world is from where I am. Just one bad day. You had a bad day once, am I right? I know I am. I can tell. You had a bad day and everything changed. Why else would you dress up as a flying rat? You had a bad day, and it drove you as crazy as everybody else... Only you won't admit it! You have to keep pretending that life makes sense, that there's some point to all this struggling! God you make me want to puke. I mean, what is it with you? What made you what you are? Girlfriend killed by the mob, maybe? Brother carved up by some mugger? Something like that, I bet. Something like that... Something like that happened to me, you know. I... I'm not exactly sure what it was. Sometimes I remember it one way, sometimes another... If I'm going to have a past, I prefer it to be multiple choice! Ha ha ha! But my point is... My point is, I went crazy. When I saw what a black, awful joke the world was, I went crazy as a coot! I admit it! Why can't you? I mean, you're not unintelligent! You must see the reality of the situation. Do you know how many times we've come close to world war three over a flock of geese on a computer screen? Do you know what triggered the last world war? An argument over how many telegraph poles Germany owed its war debt creditors! Telegraph poles! Ha ha ha ha HA! It's all a joke! Everything anybody ever valued or struggled for... it's all a monstrous, demented gag! So why can't you see the funny side? Why aren't you laughing?
Brian K. Vaughan, Ex Machina, Vol. 5: Smoke, Smoke|I would like Britain - and indeed other countries - to be run in the interests of people's needs and aspirations, rather than on the basis of profit for a small elite; for democracy to be democratically managed by working people; for democracy to be extended as far as possible, including in the workplace and the economy.
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America|The Americans won't win. They're not fighting for their homeland. They just want to be good. In order to be good, they just have to fight awhile and then leave.
Bhagavad Gita|Instead of a feeling, think of love as an action. The feeling of love comes and goes on a whim; you can’t control it. But the action of love is something you can do, regardless of how you are feeling.
Joe Namath|If you're not gonna go all the way, why go at all?
Keira D. Skye|Hello?” I ask. No one is there. Not a word. Not a whisper. Not a single sound resonating from the other side of the receiver. “Hello? Anyone there?” I ask again. Repeating myself. I am beginning to feel rather anxious now. Scared, would be a better word to use. Shivers have begun to creep up my spinal cord, and I can feel the urgency of goose pimples begin to line up on by frightened pale skin.
Patrick Rothfuss|Kid's books should be just as good as any other books. No. They should be held to a *higher* standard than other literature for the same reason that we take extra care with children's food.The fact is, what you feed your kids is important, and that includes what they put in their heads as well as what they put in their bellies.
Faye Hall|But, when the days of golden dreams had perished,And even Despair was powerless to destroy,Then did I learn how existence could be cherished,Strengthened, and fed without the aid of joy;Then did I check the tears of useless passion,Weaned my young soul from yearning after thine;Sternly denied its burning wish to hastenDown to that tomb already more than mine!And, even yet, I dare not let it languish,Dare not indulge in memory's rapturous pain;Once drinking deep of that divinest anguish,How could I seek the empty world again?
Alice  Miller, For Your Own Good: Hidden Cruelty in Child-Rearing and the Roots of Violence|When there is abuse by itself it's scary enough. When there is abuse within a religious setting it is so terrifying to people... nobody can bear it when it's linked to religion, but when it's linked to religion that is not mainstream it seems to frighten people more. As if yes, abuse exists, Satanism exists, but you can't have Satanist abuse.
M.J. Abraham|When Darkness surrounds you, look for the stars. When Jealousy whispers, kill it with laughter. When Hate hurts you, love with all your strength.
Betty Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn|The child will grow up and find out things for herself. She will know that I lied. She will be disappointed.""That is what is called learning the truth. It is a good thing to learn the truth one's self. To first believe with all your heart, and then not to believe, is good too. It fattens the emotions and makes them to stretch. When as a woman life and people disappoint her, she will have had practice in disappointment and it will not come so hard. In teaching your child, do not forget that suffering is good too. It makes a person rich in character.
Nina LaCour, You Know Me Well|You're never going to be ready"..."Don't you see that? You have to forget about ready. If you don't, you're always going to run away
Rob Tims, Southern Fried Faith: How the Bible Belt Confuses Christ and Culture|I walk into so many places where Christians are gathered and I get all excited, only to find that the fellowship among these Believers is dead! There is no openness, no authenticity.
Stephen Jay Gould, I Have Landed: The End of a Beginning in Natural History|Bless all the women of this world who nurture our heritage while too many man rush off to kill for ideals that might now be deeply and personally held, but will often be viewed as repugnant by later generations.
Max Frisch|'Hill Street,' because of the wacky nature of many of our characters, really allowed us to indulge a kind of cheek-to-jowl juxtaposition of high drama with very low humor.
Stephen King, Night Shift|You want to remember that while you're judging the book, the book is also judging you.
Isak Dinesen|He didn’t mind Drake so much. Drake was a creep.It was the girl who made Orc want to cry.She was a monster. Like Orc. Begging for death. Begging for someone to let her go to her Jesus.Kill me, kill me, kill me, she begged every day and every night.Orc took a deep swig.Tears seeped from his human eyes and fell into the rocky crevices of his face.
Tom  North|I am grateful for the magic, mystery and majesty of nature – my loyal friend and companion – always there, welcoming and waiting for me to come; to be healed.
Anthony T. Hincks|And tonight the stars again ask me your name?And I just smile, playing the guessing game!
Akshay Vasu|He ran as fast as he could, but the memories were fast too. He stumbled upon them and fell to the ground. The memories got up and stared into his eyes menacingly, they laughed harder and kept their foot on his neck. He choked and fought to breathe. He tried and failed to scream. They choked him hard until he suffered and died miserably inside.
Kavita Kané, Sita's Sister|Technology, hardware, and capital can be copied easily. What can't be copied easily is the culture and human capacity that create those in the first place and does so in a way that engages not just functionally with people, but also emotionally so that people want what your organization offers.
Jane Pauley|Get up tomorrow early in the morning, and earlier than you did today, and do the best that you can. Always stay near me, for tomorrow I will have much to do and more than I ever had, and tomorrow blood will leave my body above the breast.
Abhijit Naskar|There is no such thing as Hardcore Philosophy or Hardcore Science. Real Science and Real Philosophy do not destroy each other, they simply fulfil and enrich each other.
Simone de Beauvoir, Memoirs of a Dutiful Daughter|Jaques was only what he was; but from a distance he became something more, became everything to me, everything I did not possess. It was to him I owed pains and pleasures whose violence alone saved me from the deserts of boredom in which I found myself bogged down.
Brother Yun, The Heavenly Man: The Remarkable True Story of Chinese Christian Brother Yun|How is the schoolmaster, the nation, to know which boy needs the whipping?
Three Days Grace|Am I the only onewishing life away?Never caught up in the momentbusy begging the past to stayMemories painted with much brighter ink;they tell me I loved, teach me how to think.
Marie Lu, The Rose Society|They were the flash of light in a stormy sky, the fleeting darkness before dawn. Never have they existed before, nor shall they ever exist again.
Truth Devour, Unrequited|Machinations are divined. Response is by nature, nurture, experience and if sought peer pressure. You are the owner of free will. Choose.
George Bernard Shaw|A Native American elder once described his own inner struggles in this manner: Inside of me there are two dogs. One of the dogs is mean and evil. The other dog is good. The mean dog fights the good dog all the time. When asked which dog wins, he reflected for a moment and replied, The one I feed the most.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|Hey, any idea why Australians speak something that sounds deceptively like English but isn’t? I mean, I’m trying to figure out why I can’t seem to converse with another human being who speaks the same language as I do.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|If the self-help books worked, it would be a shrinking industry not a growing one.
Frank Wynne, I Was Vermeer: The Rise and Fall of the Twentieth Century's Greatest Forger|Vermeer's skill was in combining few colors, mixing little and using layers of lakes and varnishes to build up the illusion of life
Sarah Turnbull, Almost French: Love and a New Life in Paris|She was ready to be a fugitive with him for the rest of her life - 'Whither thou goest, I will go; thy people shall be my people' - and when a Parisienne is ready to leave Paris behind forever, that's something. ("I'm Dangerous Tonight")
Alan Thicke|I take parenting incredibly seriously. I want to be there for my kids and help them navigate the world, and develop skills, emotional intelligence, to enjoy life, and I'm lucky to be able to do that and have two healthy, normal boys.
Shreya Ghoshal|I have an education degree from the University of Minnesota, and I was a teacher for about a minute.
Samuel Johnson|Remember that a gesture of friendship, no matter how small, is always appreciated.
Stephanie Klein, Straight Up and Dirty|What we wait around a lifetime for with one person, we can find in a moment with someone else.
Cristina Saralegui|I don't think I believe in ghosts, per se. But, my nearest experience was when I went on a weekend away and was in a bar in England, years ago, with an ex-girlfriend. I heard this scratching. I was about to go to bed and I was thinking, 'It's an old ghost.' I could hear this noise, but I couldn't work out where it was coming from.
Helen Hollick, The Kingmaking|We had so many dreams as children. Where do they go when we grow? Are they swallowed up by the mundane things of everyday life? Or do we lose them, leave them behind us in the dust, for new children to find and take up?
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|It is unimpressive to not hold a door open for the next person coming through. After a satisfying workout at my gym, I was walking behind a man who was exiting at the same time. He was only about two feet in front of me. As he walked through the door, he let it close behind him, almost hitting me in the face. Was he being intentionally rude? Was he preoccupied and focused on other things? No matter whether an offender is being a jerk intentionally, or is simply oblivious to how his behavior is affecting others, rude behavior instantly makes a negative impression. Be aware!
Milan Kundera, Ignorance|He knew very well that his memory detested him, that it did nothing but slander him; therefore he tried not to believe it and to be more lenient toward his own life. But that didn't help: he took no pleasure in looking back, and he did it as seldom as possible.
William Law|The acts of kindness I do for my community comes from the heart. If your mind wonders why I serve the community with such a kind heart, there goes a great connection between heart and mind. Once your mind figures out why my heart drives me to service my community with unselfish intentions, this will lead to you extending a helping hand and rendering service to your community; there goes a great connection between heart, mind and body. We will both rejoice in the great feeling of doing community service and our souls will experience fulfillment together; there goes a great connection between heart, mind, body and soul. Our community service is complete.
Margherita Missoni|When I auditioned for 'Wedding Crashers,' the producers had never seen any of my other work except for Bond. I got 'Wedding Crashers' partly because I was a Bond girl.
Thomas Van Nortwick, Imagining Men: Ideals of Masculinity in Ancient Greek Culture|There were things that Pumpkin Head—now not Pumpkin Head anymore—had to do to be a girl. He had to be careful how he dressed, and how he acted. He had to be careful how he talked, and he always had to be calm. He was very frightened of what would happen if he didn't stay calm. For his face was really just a wonderful plastic one. The real Pumpkin Head was still inside, locked in, waiting to come out.
Buzz Aldrin|'Anthony and the Magic Picture Frame' tells it like it really was in America's early space program - the adventure, the risks, and the rewards.
Jonathan Stroud, The Screaming Staircase|The others can’t see me,” said the little ghost.“I know,” I said. “My name’s Gwyneth. What’s yours?”“Dr. White to you,” said Dr. White.“I’m Robert,” said the ghost.“That’s a very nice name,” I said.“Thank you,” said Dr. White. “I’ll return the compliment by saying you have very nice veins.
Sherry Thomas, A Study in Scarlet Women|She was fighting for something, she feltalive and capable of responding to the challenges facing her.
Moustapha Akkad|Look at what President Kennedy managed to achieve during the Cuban missile crisis. If Bush had been president in 1962, do you think he would have avoided a nuclear war?
Brittany Cavallaro, A Study in Charlotte|But tonight I'll go alone. You're about as stealthy as a lame elephant. See you later." She patted me on the shoulder and took off down the path, leaving me behind, both charmed and insulted. The side effects of hanging around Charlotte Holmes.
Rebecca Solnit, A Paradise Built in Hell: The Extraordinary Communities That Arise in Disaster|Is a dream the ultimate freedom, or the ultimate prison?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Lost in the darkness, a light has shine on us.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|Now, you and I both know that I’ll wait a lifetime for you – remember, Butterfly Weeds never give up – so take your time down there. And tonight, as you watch that big, orange sun disappear into the earth and your world gradually grow dark, I’ll help God turn on the stars, and I’ll wait for my dawn – when you return to me, Julia Stephens.I love you, My Butterfly. You’ll always be my endless song.Love always and forever,Your one and only Butterfly Weed, Will
Carl Japikse|Whenever convictions are not arrived at by direct contact with the world and the objects themselves, but indirectly through a critique of the opinions of others, the processes of thinking are impregnated with ressentiment. The establishment of “criteria” for testing the correctness of opinions then becomes the most important task. Genuine and fruitful criticism judges all opinions with reference to the object itself. Ressentiment criticism, on the contrary, accepts no “object” that has not stood the test of criticism
Jodi Picoult, Handle with Care|Fuck," he said, sliding his hands down to my thighs. "You're making this very hard to be the good guy you said I was last night.""I'm not drunk."He pressed his forehead to mine, chuckling softly. "Yeah, I can see that and while the idea of taking you right now, against the wall, is enough to make me lose control, I want you to know that I'm serious. You're not a hook up. You're not a friend with benefits. You're more than that to me."I closed my eyes, breathing heavily. "Well, that was...really sort of perfect.
T. Geronimo Johnson, Welcome to Braggsville|I am a lifelong lover of form–content interplay, and this book is no exception. As with several of my previous books, I have had the chance to typeset it down to the finest level of detail, and my quest for visual elegance on each page has had countless repercussions on how I phrase my ideas. To some this may sound like the tail wagging the dog, but I think that attention to form improves anyone’s writing. I hope that reading this book not only is stimulating intellectually but also is a pleasant visual experience.
A. Grace Martin, Spirit Rider|Laying down what we want to protect or are afraid of losing or are terrified we will never have is not the same thing as losing those things. It is surrendering them. It is opening up our clenched hand around them and allowing God access to them and to us. It is actually saying yes to God for them. Yes to his plan. Yes to his way. It is believing that just as his ways are higher than the heavens are above the earth, so his way for the things we fear is higher. This God of ours is a God of life, of goodness. He is the God of the Resurrection. We lay down our fear. We pick up Jesus. He is the only way we can live beyond fear. He is the Way.
Andrew Holleran, Dancer from the Dance|What are you doing?" Her voice stammered."Taking Your picture.""Why?" She began to reach for the camera, but he took a step back."Because you're beautiful
Robert  Black|Women should not be penalized for being women. Equally, men should not be penalized for being men. I fear that in overly politically correct western Christian democracies, the latter is occurring. It should not be forgotten that nature will correct the pendulum, so that is does not swing too far either way.
Adam Smith|There are no straight lines or sharp corners in nature. Therefore, buildings must have no straight lines or sharp corners.
Catherynne M. Valente, Deathless|...she has been bewitched by a wicked sorceress, and will not regain her beauty until she is my wife.''Does she say so? Well if you believe that you may drink cold water and think it bacon'.
John Quincy Adams|By definition, the Singularity means that machines would be smarter than us, and, in their wisdom, they can innovate new technologies. The innovations would come so quickly, and increasingly quickly, that the innovation would make Moore's Law seem as antiquated as Hammurabi's Code.
Abigail Thomas, Safekeeping: Some True Stories from a Life|Any action a woman engages in from a spirit of joy, and within a similarly safe and joyous environment, falls within the city-walls of feminism. A girl has a right to dance how she wants, when her favourite record comes on.
Marina Oliver|Nothing expresses Kafka’s innermost sense of self more profoundly than his lapidary definition of “writing as a form of prayer”: he was a writer. Not a man who wrote, but one to whom writing was the only form of being, the only means of defying death in life.
Veronica Roth, The Traitor|I need to know how you did it it. I did it, said Sweeney, with the air of one confiding a huge secret, witch panache and style. That's how I did it.(Shadow & Mad Sweeney)
Carl Sagan, Cosmos|When your chair is positioned facing the wall, you see the wall. When it is positioned facing the sea, you see the sea. The same is true for us. Perspective is everything. Align with the divine.
Debasish Mridha|It is easier to set a limit for yourself, but if you do so you will never reach your true potential. You have an obligation to live up to your potential.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Everything comes down to attitude: You determine what yours is, and the external world will reflect it back.
Seymour Simon|A child who is protected from all controversial ideas is as vulnerable as a child who is protected from every germ. The infection, when it comes- and it will come- may overwhelm the system, be it the immune system or the belief system.
Juan Felipe Herrera|Over the years, I would go to my agents, my manager, and I would say, 'Hey, there's this amazing true story about this gay English mathematician who committed suicide in the 1950s.' And they would be like, 'Please don't ever write that script. That is an unmakeable film.'
Carol Ann Duffy, Rapture|On the long drive to no where,As the song came to this part;"We'll stayFor ever this wayYou are safe in my heart andMy heart will go on"Their eyes met and they smiled at each other.
Trudi Canavan, The Magicians' Guild|It is said, in Imardin, that the wind has a soul, and that it wails through the narrow streets because it is grieved by what it finds there.
George Carlin|I bet you anything that 10 times out of 10, Nicky, Vinny and Tony will beat the shit out of Todd, Kyle and Tucker.
A.A. Attanasio, Wyvern|The surgeon tells me that you're a sorcerer," Pym said. "Is that so?"Jaki looked to the captain with the glare of the masts in his eyes. "Yes."Pym weighed this disclosure. "You speak with the dead?""Yes."The captain's eyes screwed up intently. "What do they say to you?""They don't talk back."Pym and Mister Blackheart laughed in unison...The captain said, "Mister Blackheart wants to know what kind of sorcerer you are."Jaki pondered a response and finally said, "I was learning to catch souls before my teacher was killed.""Souls, eh? And what do you do with them after you catch them?""I put them back in their bodies.""Ah, then you're telling us you're a surgeon.
Christina Engela, Bugspray|I ask for no forgiveness father for I have not sinned, I have only done what I needed to do to survive. A small boy once asked me if I was a bad man, if I could answer him now I would tell him, that when I was a young boy I killed a man to save my brothers life. I am not sorry for this, I am proud of this. I did not ask for the life that I was given but it was given none the less, and with it I did my best.
J.M. Barrie, Courage|Don't forget to speak scornfully of the Victorian Age; there will be time for meekness when you try to better it. Very soon you will be Victorian or that sort of thing yourselves; next session probably, when the freshman come up.
Neelam Saxena Chandra|I smile. No plan can take everything into account. Other people will raise their heads, others will desert. Time will go on spreading victory and defeat among those who pursue the struggle.I sip with satisfaction. We deserve the warmth of baths. May the days be aimless.Do not advance the action according to a plan.
George Jean Nathan|I've come to accept that the life of a frontrunner is a hard one, that he will suffer more injuries than most men and that many of these injuries will not be accidental.
Jodi Picoult, Off the Page|...in a fairy tale, the story can't be altered. The prince and princess will never have a fight. You'll never hear the queen raise her voice. No on ever gets sick; no one ever gets hurt. Maybe love is only safe in places where it can't change.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A lion is born knowing how to hunt, but has to learn how to hunt well.
Matshona Dhliwayo|It is at night, not in the day, that stars shine the brightest.
Tina Fey, Bossypants|Anytime there's a bad female stand-up somewhere, some dickhead Interblogger will deduce that “women aren't funny.” Using that same math, I can state: Male comedy writers piss in cups.
M. Fethullah Gülen, Speech and Power of Expression: On Language, Esthetics, and Belief|True poetry is the perception of human feelings, the voice of the heart, open or hidden. It is the lyrics, compositions, and melody of the relation between humankind, the universe and God, a shadow pinpointing each of the truths we can discern everywhere (from the earth to the stars), a photograph of the creation’s projection cast in our feelings and thoughts and framed through words, a heartfelt tune of our loves and joys played on different strings, and it is a bouquet of our faith, hope, determination, beauty, love, reunion, and yearnings.
Paulo Coelho, Brida|The soil needs the seed and the seed needs the soil. The one only has meaning with the other. It is the same thing with human beings. When male knowledge joins with female transformation, then the great magical union is created, and its name is wisdom. Wisdom means both to know and to transform.
Quentin S. Crisp|... it's pointless to think in moral terms when everything is permissible. We have become the people we detest. We have lost the capacity to imagine what is forbidden We have been freed, in other words, from our own hypocrisy.
Ayn Rand|Love should be treated like a business deal, but every business deal has its own terms and its own currency. And in love, the currency is virtue. You love people not for what you do for them or what they do for you. You love them for the values, the virtues, which they have achieved in their own character.
Reverend E.B McEuen, Owensboro Presbyterian|We most respectfully submit that the word "Man" with reference to a human being is a generic term, and as used in the Holy Scripture, and constitution and the other confessional statements of our church as no reference to sex, but should be construed to, and does, in fact, include the human being whether male or female. (1921)
Mitch Albom, Have a Little Faith: a True Story|When Marion had been a teenager, she wanted a tattoo. As an oldest child who did mostly what was expected of her, she had been fascinated by the abandon tattoos implied, the willing, blind leap into commitment.
George Gillespie, A Dispute Against the English Popish Ceremonies Obtruded on the Church of Scotland: Wherein Not Only Our Own Arguments Against the Same Are Strongly Confirmed, But Likewise the Answers and Defences of Our Opposites, Such as Hooker, Morton, Burges, Spri...|We must clean our national psyche from all manifestation of evil, be it kidnapping, militancy, insurgency, murders or assassinations.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|All atheists will go to heaven. If god exists, not believing in him does not take him away and he cannot justly condemn those who seek him earnestly and cannot find him. He would even reward their earnest search for him.
merlin8thomas|Starting your day with anger is like locking yourself in jail. The outside world is enjoying life, while you’re locked in your own frustration.
G.K. Chesterton, Alarms and Discursions|The days hardened with cold and boredom like last year's loaves of bread. One began to cut them with blunt knives without appetite, with a lazy indifference.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of the Island|She had dreamed some brilliant dreams during the past winter and now they lay in the dust around her. In her present mood of self-disgust, she could not immediately begin dreaming again. And she discovered that, while solitude with dreams is glorious, solitude without them has few charms.
Daniel Taylor|I did not want to tell her what happened, but I had to now. I could not stop talking because now I had started my story, it wanted to be finished. We cannot choose where to start and stop. Our stories are the tellers of us.
Aminatta Forna|At the time he had closed in upon himself, denying her a place of entry. She was tenacious, aggressive as a lover, had tried to prise the pieces of him apart. Only when she failed had she finally let go, by then months had passed. She loved like she was going to war, but she was also not the kind of woman to wait for a man. Valiant in battle, noble in defeat. She walked away and never looked back
Ezekiel Emanuel|Everyone has their own definition of a healthy lifestyle, and mine has come to mean making health a priority but not an obsession.
Carrie Underwood|Every day I am being told to sign up for Tumblr, Yammer, Friendfeed, Plaxo, Last.fm, ping.fm or the hot social-media tool du jour that happened to get mentioned on Mashable.com. It is like a social-media arms race. Each one of these new tools is like a cool new night club. Hot today, gone tomorrow, replaced with something else.
Adelheid Manefeldt, Consequence|People tended to forgive only partially. They forgave in order to, one day, get a chance to remind those they’d forgiven about their failings. They forgave to feel righteous. That’s why forgiveness was so painful – because it meant conceding. It meant letting go of her case without a rebuttal. True forgiveness knew no justice. It was liberating, most probably… but freedom comes at a cost. Freedom is never free.
Injap Sia, Life Principles|Like blood, money is a blessing that should be shared, but you must be a responsible giver.
J.D. Robb, Strangers in Death|People have been sleeping and/or marrying their way to the top since the first cavewoman said: ‘Ugh, that one’s the strongest and has the biggest club. I’ll shake my mastodon-skin-covered ass at him.’”“Ugh?”“Or whatever cave people said. And it’s not just women who do it. Cave guy goes: ‘Ugh, that one catches the most fish, I’ll be dragging her off to my cave now.’ Ava sees Tommy and—”“Says ugh.”“Or today’s equivalent thereof.”-Eve & Roarke. .
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Human needs rules and penalties.Lessons require heroes and villains.Ignore them, then welcome to the jungle.
Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility|The more I know of the world, the more I am convinced that I shall never see a man whom I can really love. I require so much!
Rashida Jones|It is so cool to think that there are two female, Indian actresses on prime-time American network television who are considered attractive and funny and smart.
Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera|Humans, not places, make memories.
Euginia Herlihy, Take a Step Right Now Towards Your Dreams by Euginia|The human mind is a brilliant thing. Each person is capable of so much more than they give themselves credit for. I am only one mind amongst billions, though I still wish for my voice to be heard.
DaShanne Stokes|Discovering that I was adopted redefined my entire world, but it taught me that who you are doesn't change.
Mary DeTurris Poust, Cravings: A Catholic Wrestles with Food, Self-Image, and God|By becoming aware of God’s Spirit, by slowing down and paying attention to the tastes and sounds and smells of the food we make and eat, we infuse our meals—and by extension our hearts—with a sense of awe, a depth of prayer that cannot help but transform our mindless eating into moving meditations.
Ebelsain Villegas|I am grateful to God for all the good and bad that has given me, Without reproach the past, without waiting in the future I continue, just living in the moment makes me completely happy!
William  Boyd, Any Human Heart|A warm sunny evening, the plash and gurgle of the waves in the rock pools, the rush of the cold gin. I thought for the first time of my novel, abandoned, all these years, and I came up, unprompted, with the perfect title. Octet. Octet by Logan Mountstuart. Perhaps I will surprise them all, yet.
Kayla Krantz, When Night Falls: A Collection of Short Stories and Poems|You pushed me down to the depths of my sorrow until I thought I wouldn’t see the light of day again. You expected me to drown, didn’t you? To be left there for an eternity, waiting for your hand to pull me out? What you didn’t stop to realize is that I live in the shadows, thrive even. When I pull myself from the darkness, I’ll be stronger for it and you’ll regret leaving me for dead.
Sunday Adelaja, The Veritable Source of Energy|It doesn’t matter your area of calling, you can invest quality time into it, you will definitely become the best and that will buy you greatness.
Joseph Haydn|I tell you before God, and as an honest man, your son is the greatest composer known to me by person and repute, he has taste and what is more the greatest skill in composition." (Said to Leopold Mozart)
Laini Taylor, Daughter of Smoke & Bone|And just so you know, the invaders are always the bad guys. Always.
Jean Rouch|I look at the human sciences as poetic sciences in which there is no objectivity, and I see film as not being objective, and cinema verite as a cinema of lies that depends on the art of telling yourself lies. If you’re a good storyteller then the lie is more true than reality, and if you’re a bad one, the truth is worse than a half lie.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Just because a door appears closed it does not mean that it is locked - nor that it will not open with the right heart, call or touch
John Maynard Keynes|I can't imagine being a single parent or a single parent that doesn't have a lot of money. That's a big, huge impact on your life and your dynamic and everything - I mean, that's huge. It affects how much you have a break from just concentrating on just one other person in your life. It becomes so myopic that way, and more intense, probably.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|You have the power to shape your life the way that you want it to be. Every thought, every word, every action guides you with a purpose. And that purpose is to fulfill your destiny. Some may say you're just a dreamer, but everything imagined begins with a dream.
William Goldman, The Princess Bride|I understand everything,” he said.“You understand nothing, but it really doesn’t matter, since what you mean is, you’re glad to see me, just as I’m glad to see you because no more loneliness.”“That’s what I mean,” said Fezzik.
Tyler Cowen|When humans team up with computers to play chess, the humans who do best are not necessarily the strongest players. They're the ones who are modest and who know when to listen to the computer. Often, what the human adds is knowledge of when the computer needs to look more deeply.
Olivier Todd, Albert Camus: A Life|The prose,” Robespierre said. “It’s so clean, no conceits, no show, no wit. He means every word. Formerly, you see, he meant every other word. That was his style.
Erich Maria Remarque, All Quiet on the Western Front|From the earth, from the air, sustaining forces pour into us--mostly from the earth. To no man does the earth mean so much as to the soldier. When he presses himself down upon her long and powerfully, when he buries his face and his limbs deep in her from the fear of death by shell-fire, then she is his only friend, his brother, his mother; he stifles his terror and his cries in her silence and her security; she shelters him and releases him fro ten seconds to live, to run, ten seconds of life; receives him again and often for ever.
Anthony T. Hincks|Doors are funny things. Some lead to somewhere exciting and wonderful, while others lead to the mundane and ordinary. Some, because they are gaudy and ornate, usher us into the land of greed and money. But many look unassuming and plain, yet hidden behind their simplicity one can find love; warmth; a cozy fire; a home cooked meal and a beautiful family.It's these doors I search for in life and it's these doors that I shall find.
Mitch Albom, Have a Little Faith: a True Story|When a baby comes into the world, its hands are clenched, right? Like this?" He made a fist. "Why? Because a baby, not knowing any better, wants to grab everything, to say, 'The whole world is mine.' "But when an old person dies, how does he do so? With his hands open. Why? Because he has learned his lesson." What lesson? I asked. He stretched open his empty fingers. "We can take nothing with us.
Thea Harrison, Dragos Goes to Washington|So, is that your long scaly reptilian tail, or are you just happy to see me?
Carlos María Domínguez, The House of Paper|It is often much harder to get rid of books than it is to acquire them. They stick to us in that pact of need and oblivion we make with them, witnesses to a moment in our lives we will never see again. While they are still there, it is a part of us. I have noticed that many people make a note of the day, month, and year that they read a book; they build up a secret calendar. Others, before lending one, write their name on the flyleaf, note whom they lent it to in an address book, and add the date. I have known some book owners who stamp them or slip a card between their pages the way they do in public libraries. Nobody wants to mislay a book. We prefer to lose a ring, a watch, our umbrella, rather than a book whose pages we will never read again, but which retains, just in the sound of its title, a remote and perhaps long-lost emotion.
Helene Young, Shattered Sky|I think I love you, Bennett. Probably not relevant at the moment so no need to say thanks.
Matt Haig, The Humans|You don’t have to be involved with my parents. Not if you don’t want to be. Yes, you’re the father,but you aren’t my boyfriend or husband. My family is my problem.”“I do,” he said, before he even realized what he was saying. “I do want to be involved. With all of it.We’re talking about really making this work, about making a . . . I don’t know if we’re talking about afamily, not in the traditional sense, but we’re in this together, right?”“I guess.”“That means I get to help you with parent things, and other unpleasantness. And you have to knowmy brother.
Alexis Lawrence, O.U.R. Café|When you think you have a big problem, step back. Envision yourself as a small dot on this blue marble we call Earth, that's orbiting the Sun at the centre of our Solar System, that also becomes a tiny dot our Milky Way galaxy, that is all but invisible in our vast Universe. How big is that problem really?
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Connection: Change your life within minutes!|Lessen the odds are stacked against you, Use Cosmic Ordering.
Scott Adams|I managed Hewlett Packard through the worst technology downturn in 25 years, the dotcom bust.
Shannon A. Thompson, November Snow|Weird, even for one of us. Or maybe she's worse.""Worse how?""Normal.
Shannon L. Alder|While I don't believe in love at first sight, because I think it takes more work than that, I do believe that one soul can speak to another and find an inexplicably deep connection over a short period of time, unimaginably short, and know that it will never forget that soul, that moment, or the light it emits forever.
Confucius|A comfortable old age is the reward of a well-spent youth. Instead of its bringing sad and melancholy prospects of decay, it would give us hopes of eternal youth in a better world.
Peter Drucker|If Satan wasn't around, churches would go out of business.
William Shakespeare, Julius Caesar|The problem with the snow is that it sticks to everything it touches. You can’t get rid of it. Even when it melts away, the chill still clings to your bones.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|If we, citizens, do not support our artists, then we sacrifice our imagination on the altar of crude reality and we end up believing in nothing and having worthless dreams.
Elisabeth Elliot, Discipline: The Glad Surrender|If I die, don't take this too hard," she counseled them, "death is only part of things bigger than we can imagine. Our brains are just starting the greatness, to learn how to do things like flying. What next? You will see, and you will see that your mother is of the design. And I will always be made of things, and things will always be made of me. Nothing can get rid of me because I am already included into the pattern.
Felicity Jones|I don't want to be knocked out. But the contact and the focus and the energy I get from sparring gives me energy to make movies, energy to be a dad, energy to be a friend, and, you know, makes me feel, probably, a lot younger and behave a lot younger than I am.
Robert Penn Warren, All the King's Men|The Friend of Your Youth is the only friend you will ever have, for he does not really see you. He sees in his mind a face that does not exist anymore, speaks a name – Spike, Bud, Snip, Red, Rusty, Jack, Dave – which belongs to that now nonexistent face but which by some inane doddering confusion of the universe is for the moment attached to a not happily met and boring stranger. But he humors the drooling doddering confusion of the universe and continues to address politely that dull stranger by the name which properly belongs to the boy face and to the time when the boy voice called thinly across the late afternoon water or murmured by a campfire at night or in the middle of a crowded street said, “Gee, listen to this–’On Wenlock Edge the wood’s in trouble; His forest fleece the Wrekin heaves–’” The Friend of Your Youth is your friend because he does not see you anymore.And perhaps he never saw you. What he saw was simply part of the furniture of the wonderful opening world. Friendship was something he suddenly discovered and had to give away as a recognition of and payment for the breathlessly opening world which momently divulged itself like a moonflower. It didn’t matter a damn to whom he gave it, for the fact of giving was what mattered, and if you happened to be handy you were automatically endowed with all the appropriate attributes of a friend and forever after your reality is irrelevant. The Friend of Your Youth is the only friend you will ever have, for he hasn’t the slightest concern with calculating his interest or your virtue. He doesn’t give a damn, for the moment, about Getting Ahead or Needs Must Admiring the Best, the two official criteria in adult friendships, and when the boring stranger appears, he puts out his hand and smiles (not really seeing your face) and speaks your name (which doesn’t really belong to your face), saying, “Well, Jack, damned glad you came, come on in, boy!
Walter Scott|If you have a positive attitude and constantly strive to give your best effort, eventually you will overcome your immediate problems and find you are ready for greater challenges.
Pearl Zhu, Thinkingaire: 100 Game Changing Digital Mindsets to Compete for the Future|Being authentic means to be who you are, discover your strength and uniqueness, be yourself, even if you are not perfect, and nobody is.
Richard Bryant-Jefferies, Counselling a Survivor of Child Sexual Abuse: A Person-Centred Dialogue|In a world where we seem to be beset by a trend towards 'manualising treatment modalities' the person-centred approach stands and says NO, that is not the way forward.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|I'm afraid we shall waste an awful lot of time.""Don't worry," answered Snufkin, "we shall have wonderful dreams, and when we wake up it'll be spring.
Emily Fridlund, History of Wolves|Of course, things always seem more impressive when you're a little kid.
Jason Medina, A Ghost In New Orleans|Please, be sure to display your stickers, so that I won’t misplace any of you. I lost a few people, while crossing the street, during the last tour. I didn’t think it was a big deal, but apparently, the boss frowns upon that sort of thing.
Jack Kornfield, A Path with Heart: A Guide Through the Perils and Promises of Spiritual Life|When we let go of our battles and open our heart to things as they are, then we come to rest in the present moment. This is the beginning and the end of spiritual practice. Only in this moment can we discover that which is timeless. Only here can we find the love that we seek. Love in the past is simply memory, and love in the future is fantasy. Only in the reality of the present can we love, can we awaken, can we find peace and understanding and connection with ourselves and the world.
Cheryl B. Klein, Second Sight: An Editor's Talks on Writing, Revising, and Publishing Books for Children and Young Adults|A book is kind of like a good Horcrux, if we can imagine that -- a piece of the writer's soul, preserved in a physical object for all time, and changing the lives of all those who come in contact with it.
Caroline George, The Vestige|To describe a kiss is to describe a diary entry or a pair of underwear—each is personal and private, slightly awkward. Very awkward. But necessary.
Bohumil Hrabal, Too Loud a Solitude|I prefer the company of books. When I'm reading, I'm never alone, I have a conversation with the book. It can be very intimate. Perhaps you know this feeling yourself? The sense that you're having an intellectual exchange with the author, following his or her train thought and you accompany each other for weeks on end.
Fahad Rashiq|Only Give up,When Your Hearts Gives up.(Don't Give up, till your Last Breath)
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|I am fully persuaded, what God’s promises, He faithfully performs.
Michael Azerrad, Our Band Could Be Your Life: Scenes from the American Indie Underground, 1981-1991|Rock'n'roll is a teenage sport, meant to be played by teenagers of all ages--they could be 15, 25 or 35. It all boils down to whether they've got the love in their hearts, that beautiful teenage spirit... -Calvin Johnson
Angela Carter, Wise Children|Psychology researchers now claim that it is important for babies to learn how to stop crying by themselves. Fortunately, many parents still prefer to comfort their babies. If they didn't, we might find ourselves living in a society of very solitary people, who had learned to control thier distress rather than to find strength through sharing it.
Rudy Simone, Aspergirls: Empowering Females with Asperger Syndrome|Love? I wanted to go with him, to be on the stronger side, for him to spare me, like one who seeks shelter in the arms of the enemy to stay far from his arrows. It was different than love, I was finding out: I wanted him as a thirsty person desires water, without feelings, without even wanting to be happy.
Sharon Kay Penman, When Christ and His Saints Slept|In life, if you want to be happy, choose to be optimistic.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, We Should All Be Feminists|Culture does not make people. People make culture. If it is true that the full humanity of women is not our culture, then we can and must make it our culture.
Bill Bryson|I suppose because I grew up a thousand miles from the sea and missed the great age of passenger liners, I have always been subject to a romantic longing for ocean travel.
Niccolò Machiavelli, The Discourses|Considering thus how much honor is awarded to antiquity, and how many times—letting pass infinite other examples—a fragment of an ancient statue has been bought at high price because someone wants to have it near oneself, to honor his house with it, and to be able to have it imitated by those who delight in that art, and how the latter then strive with all industry to represent it in all their works; and seeing, on the other hand, that the most virtuous works the histories show us, which have been done by ancient kingdoms and republics, by kings, captains, citizens, legislators, and others who have labored for their fatherland, are rather admired than imitated—indeed they are so much shunned by everyone in every least thing that no sign of that ancient virtue remains with us—I can do no other than marvel and grieve… From this it arises that the infinite number who read [the histories] take pleasure in hearing of the variety of accidents contained within them without thinking of imitating them, judging that imitation is not only difficult but impossible—as if heaven, sun, elements, men had varied in motion, order, and power from what they were in antiquity. Wishing, therefore, to turn men from this error, I have judged it necessary to write on all those books of Titus Livy...
Jason Patric|You can map your life through your favorite movies, and no two people's maps will be the same.
Charles de Lint, Dreams Underfoot|There are no happy endings... There are no endings, happy or otherwise. We all have our own stories which are just part of the one Story that binds both this world and Faerie. Sometimes we step into each others stories - perhaps just for a few minutes, perhaps for years - and then we step out of them again. But all the while, the Story just goes on.
Rick Riordan, Percy Jackson's Greek Gods|I (Percy) set Nico on guard duty with Beckendorf and the Stoll brothers, figuring he'd be safely out of the way...."What's happening?" Nico demanded, trying to climb up next to me.
Francis Spufford, Unapologetic: Why, despite everything, Christianity can still make surprising emotional sense|I believe that when I am dead, I am dead. I believe that with my death I am just as much obliterated as the last mosquito you and I squashed.(from Who's Who in Hell)
Sayo Masuda, Autobiography of a Geisha|I think you are wise. You haven't got what it takes for this job. You are like Rosemary's father. He couldn't understand Lenin's dictum: 'Away with softness.'"I thought of Hercule Poirot's words."I'm content," I said, "to be human...."We sat there in silence, each of use convinced that the other's point of view was wrong.
Ed Miliband|On the mountains mistakes are fatal. In politics, mistakes are wounding emotionally, but you recover. Personally, wilderness helps me get back in touch with natural rhythms, helps me reflect and, in the process, restore my creativity.
Michelle Horst, Wake Me Up|You see, there's a theory current you're insane, or you lean strongly in that direction.
Soke Behzad Ahmadi, Shorinjiryu Ryujin Kenpo|Karate is many things, but mainly it's about synergy, ebb and flow, trial and error, action and reaction, rhythm of life, progress . . .
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|You may not know my reasons, but you can assume I have them and be kind.
David Brainerd|I love HGTV. I love working on my house and have really been bit by the 'luxury remodeling' bug. 'Million Dollar Rooms,' 'Million Dollar Listing'... any show that can give me design inspiration, I soak it in and try my hand at it. Home Depot is my second home!
Michael A. Wood Jr.|I live completely without regret. Sure there are plenty of things that someone could second guess, but I see the path of life like driving down the road without a map. The thing is, some dark alleys open up in majestic places, and some bright and shiny highways to the top end in cliffs to the bottom. You never know until you get there. What I know for sure is that if many years ago I actually had a map to the path of life, the destination that I would have chosen is right here, with this family, in this place, and with these smiles. That makes anything that could have been regretful, the best decision in the world.
csalamone|why do I sleep? Because I dream, and that is where I hear the best stories and find the hidden destinations of life.
Cynthia Hand, The Last Time We Say Goodbye|It's funny how sometimes you don't see the obvious things coming. You think you know what life has in store for you. You think you're prepared. You think you can handle it. And then-boom, like a thunderclap-something comes at you out of nowhere and catches you off guard.
Christine Feehan, Oceans of Fire|No man can take your freedom from you. They can limit your mobility, but that's about all they can do
Oscar Wilde, The Critic as Artist|Yes: I am a dreamer. For a dreamer is one who can only find his way by moonlight, and his punishment is that he sees the dawn before the rest of the world.
Jimmy Henderson|Where there is little thinking, there is big shaping of the people! ~
Jay Woodman|Harmony can be achieved within through meditation, which increases overall well-being and function.
Renae A. Sauter, An Empowered Life: Mind/Body/Spirit Empowerment|If you put gratitude at the center of your life, one day you will find it has completely taken over.
Nicholas M. Cuono Sr., This Is His House and These Are His Rules|So many people will be lost to the fires of hell and ultimately experience the loss of their spiritual life because of this completion of pride, which is lust. Heaven is not about the physical; it’s about the spiritual, the completion of love, which is the opposite of lust. Hell, on the other hand, is all about the physical; it’s all about how you and I deal with the challenges we face daily here in this physical world. Do we lust after the pleasures of the flesh, or do we respond to the physical in a spiritual manner? That’s the greatest judgmental factor.
Maria McCann, As Meat Loves Salt|I dig and plough at your command,' I replied, 'but you will not tell me how to shit.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|There are restrictions to entering heaven. The Scripture says: “Nothing impure will ever enter [heaven], nor will anyone who does what is shameful or deceitful, but only those whose names are written in the Lamb’s book of life” [Revelation 21:27 NIV].
Efrat Cybulkiewicz|How I treat my daughter today, is how my daughter will treat you, tomorrow.
Bill Bennett|Education is important because, first of all, people need to know that discrimination still exists. It is still real in the workplace, and we should not take that for granted.
April White, Waging War|Sir Leicester is generally in a complacent state, and rarely bored. When he has nothing else to do, he can always contemplate his own greatness. It is a considerable advantage to a man to have so inexhaustible a subject.
Rachel Caine, Viper and the Farmer|[She] sees. She knows. She understands. About evil, or whatever you care to name it. It comes. It's relentless. It doesn't care if you forgot it. It searches, and it finds you, and it arrives on your doorstep one day, and it lights up a screen, it calls you by your real name, it smiles at you, it says hello, it eyes your son and promises to take him home.
Charbel Tadros|There is no real distinction between who can and cannot be a teacher. All that matters is that this person should have knowledge of the subject matter, empathy and compassion with others, and, above all, a great sense of humor which is the true mark of wisdom.
Otep Shamaya|And if all others accepted the lie which the Party imposed—if all records told the same tale—then the lie passed into history and became truth. 'Who controls the past' ran the Party slogan, 'controls the future: who controls the present controls the past.
Seth Grahame-Smith, Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter|La mu’axsa, but I think I’ll just keep sliding down this greased pole to hell?
Alan Cohen|Blessed are those who eat greens, for they shall keep their teeth. Blessed are those who wash their hands after wiping their arses, for they shall not sicken. Blessed are those who boil water, for they shall be called saviors of mankind.
Katalin Bator-Hos, The SUPERMAGICIAN Within: Get Unstuck and Discover a Whole New Life With Your Intuitive Self|When you choose intuitive living, you are signing a contract with the Soul and the Spirit that you will follow your own path.
Anaïs Nin|I must be a mermaid, Rango. I have no fear of depths and a great fear of shallow living.
S.A. Tawks, Misadventurous|Something can be very funny and then suddenly very terrifying-very exciting, and suddenly very ridiculous. I think that’s what life is like, that’s what interests me.
Gena Showalter, Twice as Hot|Deep in the meadow, hidden far away A cloak of leaves, a moonbeam ray Forget your woes and let your troubles lay
Jim Bouton, Ball Four|As his former student Alastair Fowler once remarked, "Lewis seemed always on the verge of hilarity -- between a chuckle and a roar.
Robert Fulghum|Everything will be okay in the end. If it's not okay, then it's not the end.
Criss Jami|There is not one harsher, more sure-fire way to fail than that of the man who tries to be like Jesus without submitting to Jesus.
Barbara Walters|There's a generation of people I think without a strong connection to family, to religion, to civic duty. They have a real disassociation from the problems of the world.
Dr. Milton Helpern|Medicine no doubt, has helped us a lot to cure so many diseases, but death still remains an incurable one!
Bill     Scott|To us children he (Mr Ewing) was our very own ‘Mr Chips’ and invariably we would each receive half a crown whenever we encountered him on his afternoon walk. If we were particularly lucky, he would send us to the ‘Big House’ for ice-cream – a rare treat in the early 1950s
Sunday Adelaja|The wealth of time we wastage, is worth much more than all the natural resources we have on the earth.
Justin Cronin, The City of Mirrors|For the first time in my life, I felt the pain of missing people I had not yet left.
Zechariah Barrett|Jean smirked, and delicately swirled the mic in his hands, careful not to make a sound. “Oui. C’est normal. C'est pas spécial. I will give you something worthy of Holmes.” Jean set down the mic and proceeded toward the couple. As he approached them, he fiddled with his mustache for a moment, and then pulled it sharply. He winced at the sensation. “I have it,” he declared confidently. “You sir, are a thief.
Lois Lowry, Number the Stars|Dangers were no more than odd imaginings, like ghost stories that children made up to frighten one another: things that couldn't possibly happen.
Victoria Aveyard, King's Cage|Thank you,” I whisper. Words I never thought I would say to her. They unsettle us both.”“You want to thank me, Barrow?” she mutters, kicking away the last of my bindings. “Then keep your word. And let this fucking place burn.” (300)
Salman Rushdie, Midnight's Children|I am the sum total of everything that went before me, of all I have been seen done, of everything done-to-me. I am everyone everything whose being-in-the-world affected was affected by mine. I am anything that happens after I'm gone which would not have happened if I had not come.
Alin Sav|If you have stress, don´t share it.
David Sedaris, Me Talk Pretty One Day|He die one day, and then he go above of my head to live with your father."He weared the long hair, and after he died, the first day he come back here for to say hello to the peoples."He nice, the Jesus.
Eric Greitens, The Heart and the Fist: The Education of a Humanitarian, the Making of a Navy SEAL|The world needs many more humanitarians than it needs warriors, but there can be none of the former without enough of the latter.
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|It’s more than that.’ Reyna rested her hand on Nico’s. ‘While you were asleep, I did a lot ofthinking. What I told you about my father … I’d never shared that with anyone. I guess I knew youwere the right person to confide in. You lifted some of my burden. I trust you, Nico.
Langston Hughes|It’s all right to tell a man to lift himself by his own bootstraps, but it is cruel jest to say to a bootless man that he ought to lift himself by his own bootstraps.
Karin Rahbek, Do I Have To Be A Mother?: A Childfree Woman's Struggle with Doubt and Loneliness|Being a mother brings us face-to-face with ourselves as children, with our mothers as human beings, with our darkest fears of who we really are.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Confessions of a Misfit|Hysterical optimism will prevail until the world again admits the existence of tragedy, and it cannot admit the existence of tragedy until it again distinguishes between good and evil. . . Hysterical optimism as a sin against knowledge.
Stanisław Lem, The Futurological Congress: From the Memoirs of Ijon Tichy|Chapulier's Rule (the law of least resistance). If the machine is not too bright and incapable of reflection, it does whatever you tell it to do. But a smart machine will first consider which is more worth its while: to perform the given task or, instead, to figure some way out of it....The Great Mendacitor, for example, for nine years in charge of the Saturn meliorization project, did absolutely nothing on that planet, sending out piles of fake progress reports, invoices, requisition forms, and either bribed his supervisors or kept them in a state of electronic shock.
Garth Stein, The Art of Racing in the Rain|When you listen to someone, you should give up all your preconceived ideas and your subjective opinions; you should just listen to him, just observe what his way is. We put very little emphasis on right and wrong or good and bad. We just see things as they are with him, and accept them. This is how we communicate with each other. Usually when you listen to some statement, you hear it as a kind of echo of yourself. You are actually listening to your own opinion. If it agrees with your opinion you may accept it, but if it does not, you will reject it or you may not even really hear it.
LL Cool J|Visualization - it's been huge for me. Your mind doesn't know the difference between imagination and reality. You can't always practice perfectly - my fingers will play a little bit out of tune, or my dance moves might not be as sharp - but in my mind, I can practice perfectly.
John Cena|Giving back is the right thing to do, whether it's donating clothing or even just a smile to someone who needs it.
Julia Quinn, The Viscount Who Loved Me|Anthony looked down at his evil clutches -- hands, he reminded himself, hands -- and grinned anew.
Winifred Gallagher|However, by Sunday noon--not coincidentally, the unhappiest hour in America--you may have run through your options and wind up slumped on a couch, suffering from the Sabbath existential crisis. It's at just such unfocused, unproductive times, says Csikszentmihalyi, that "people start ruminating and feeling that their lives are wasted and so forth.
Chelsea Handler|Men don’t realize that if we’re sleeping with them on the first date, we’re probably not interested in seeing them again either.
Vinod Varghese Antony|Music fountains from purity, travels through serenity and dissolves with tranquility.
Derek Prince, God Is a Matchmaker|God first appeared on the scene of human history in the role of a matchmaker. What a profound and exciting revelation!Is it too much to suggest that Eve came to Adam on the arm of the Lord Himself in the same way that a bride today walks down the aisle of the church on her father’s arm? What human mind can fathom the depth of love and joy that filled the heart of the great Creator as He united the man and woman in this first marriage ceremony?Surely this account is one among countless indications that the Bible is not a work of merely human authorship. Moses is generally accepted as the author of the creation record. But apart from supernatural inspiration, he would never have dared to open human history with a scene of such amazing intimacy—first between God and man, and then between man and woman.
Chloe Thurlow, Girl Trade|If character is destiny, I was fated to be carried off into the desert. From the deck of the ship I had imagined my own ghost and seen my unvanishing footsteps. When you don't belong anywhere it doesn't matter where you are or where you go, if you stay or move on. You arrive at a place where the view forwards and backwards is the same, where the sun rises in the east one day and the west the next, where you stop planning and live like the birds and beasts by intuition and instinct.
AainaA-Ridtz, The Sacred Key — Transcending Humanity|Consider this:1. Would you ride in a car whose driver was on the consciousness-expanding "entheogenic" drug LSD?And here's a bonus question:2. Why does an "expanded consciousness" include the inability to operate a motor vehicle?
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Harmony doesn’t happen by accident, accidents happen by accident.
Rudyard Kipling|Immature love says "I love you because I need you." Mature love says "I need you because I love you."
William Meikle|I write to escape. I haven't managed it yet, but I'm working on it
Daniel H. Wilson|Abstraction is one of the greatest visionary tools ever invented by human beings to imagine, decipher, and depict the world.
Andrew Lang, The Red Fairy Book|Not all fairy tales have happily ever afters, some just have afters.
Michelle Hoover, The Quickening|I had come alive here...this was my home, and though one day it would all trickle through my fingers like so much red dust, for as long as childhood lasted it was a heaven fitted exactly to me. A place I knew by heart. The one place in the world I'd been made for.
Carrie Brownstein|The best transactions in families or between friends occur on the fly. They come as stochastic shocks, or serendipities. People often step out onto our path as we are hurrying to a meeting or intent on finishing a project, and it usually turns out that the meeting or the project was inconsequential compared to the chance to get closer to someone we cared for.
Rick Yancey, The Infinite Sea|I have worked like a dog all my life, honey. Dancing, as Fred Astaire said, is next to ditch-digging. You sweat and you slave and the audience doesn’t think you have a brain in your head.
John Gardner|The writer, indeed every real artist, was the devil, rivalling God in creativity, trying even to surpass him. God was surely man’s most fatal creation, the devil’s kitsch bitch. It was God, with his insistence on being worshipped and admired, who made the argument of art necessary, keeping the fire of dissent alive in men and women. This dissident was the artist, who spanned with his imagination reason and unreason, the under and the over, the dream and the world, men and women.
Shannon L. Alder, 300 Questions LDS Couples Should Ask for a More Vibrant Marriage|I can't explain it. It's what turns you to powder, being ground between what you can't do and what you must do. You just turn to dust.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|An uninspired mind creates a lack of energy for the body, resulting in a lack of performance filled with excuses.
Jessye Norman|'Make your plate look like a Christmas tree,' I tell people, 'mostly green with splashes of other bright colors.'
Heidi W. Durrow, The Girl Who Fell from the Sky|It's easy to smile just to make other people feel better. But when a person fakes happy, it has edges. Regular people may not see, but the people who count, they can see the edges and the lines where your smile ends and the real you, the sadness (me) or the anger (Grandma) begins.
Ilona Andrews, Clean Sweep|As a ground-combat force approaches the deadly zone and moves within range of the enemy’s rifles, mortars, and machine guns, the dynamics of war become more art than science. Intangibles such as training, confidence, leadership, and cohesion provide more secure mantle of protection than the possession of superior equipment.”There is as much folklore as science in the accounts of maneuver units that do exceptionally well in close combat. Empirical and anecdotal evidence gathered from combat studies of the Second World War, Korea, and Vietnam has shown conclusively that elite maneuver units, carefully selected and trained, not only perform better in combat but do so with many fewer casualties from all sources of combat incapacitation (for example, from disease and combat fatigue). Such units fight so effectively because they are composed of soldiers of exceptionally quality – better trained and better led as well as coalesced through long-term association that builds familiarity and mutual trust. The difference between carefully trained and led units and those of lesser quality is dramatic.
Brian M. Holmes, What Are You Crying About? Defeating Grief for Christians|There need not be a purpose to a person's death, other than that they have lived the length of their days on this Earth and now begin the longer part of their existence.
Lucy H. Pearce, The Rainbow Way: Cultivating Creativity in the Midst of Motherhood|The message of love or beauty or hope needs to be said by a hundred thousand different voices, written by a hundred thousand different pens, at a hundred thousand different times in history, different places in the world, different sectors of society, in different genres and registers, simply to be heard by the billions of ears and hearts that lie waiting for a truth which fires their soul, answers their question, speaks to their heart.
Coreen T. Sol, Practically Investing: Smart Investment Techniques Your Neighbour Doesn't Know|Presidents and other politicians manage the appearance of things, largely by manipulating the air and hope.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|Reading all my old love letters was disorienting. You remember thinking the thoughts and writing the words but, man, you can't TOUCH those feelings. Its like they belonged to someone else. Someone you don't even know. I'm aware, in an intellectual way. That I felt all those things about him, but this emotions are far away now.What's so strange to me is that I can't even force my heart back to that place where I felt that all consuming passion. That makes me feel distant from myself. Who WAS I then? Will I ever be able to get back to that place? Reading the letters again made me wonder: Which is the real me? The one who saw the world in that emotionally saturated way, or the me who sees it the way I do now?
Abhijit Naskar, We Are All Black: A Treatise on Racism|Arise O lion-heart! Awake, O great soldier! Misery has come upon the world. It is wailing for help. It is wailing for redemption. Won’t you do anything, my friend!
Paulo Coelho, The Zahir|This last week has been a little hell for both of us simply because I didn't understand my own feelings. And because I can't understand them, I blame her for provoking in me feelings that make my world seem suddenly unsafe.
Kathleen Sheeder Bonanno, Slamming Open the Door|Try to be thoughtful, don't make the poor man say it;see how human he is,he has children of his own,it is your job to ask:And now he can never not nod.And now he can never say no.And now he can never not say.
Emily Hanson|There was a tiny house in townThat had always stayed the same,Home to a girl wearing a sundressCalling each flower by name.It was the calm within the chaos,The sun around which we revolved,As stubborn as a stoneIn its refusal to evolve.I thought it had foreverTrapped within its weathered walls,Watching all the livesThey built around its rise and fall.But one day with no warningThe world felt shallower and strange,And the view outside my windowSeemed to all at once have changed.I ran with lungs near burstingTo that tiny house in town,Yet the ashes of foreverWas the only thing I found.Walking home it felt the worldWas made of me and salty tears,And the woman in a sundressWho watched me slowly disappear.
Immanuel Kant, Critique of Pure Reason|It will be seen how there can be the idea of a special science, the *critique of pure reason* as it may be called. For reason is the faculty which supplies the *principles* of *a priori* knowledge. Pure reason therefore is that which contains the principles of knowing something entirely *a priori*. An *organon* of pure reason would be the sum total of the principles by which all pure *a priori* knowledge can be acquired and actually established. Exhaustive application of such an organon would give us a system of pure reason. But as this would be a difficult task, and as at present it is still doubtful whether indeed an expansion of our knowledge is possible here at all, we may regard a science that merely judges pure reason, its sources and limits, as the *propaedeutic* to the system of pure reason. In general, it would have to be called only a *critique*, not a *doctrine* of pure reason. Its utility, in regard to speculation, would only be negative, for it would serve only to purge rather than to expand our reason, and, which after all is a considerable gain, would guard reason against errors. I call all knowledge *transcendental* which deals not so much with objects as with our manner of knowing objects insofar as this manner is to be possible *a priori*. A system of such concepts would be called *transcendental philosophy*. But this is still, as a beginning, too great an undertaking. For since such a science must contain completely both analytic and synthetic *a priori* knowledge, it is, as far as our present purpose is concerned, much too comprehensive. We will be satisfied to carry the analysis only so far as is indispensably necessary in order to understand in their whole range the principles of *a priori* synthesis, with which alone we are concerned. This investigation, which properly speaking should be called only a transcendental critique but not a doctrine, is all we are dealing with at present. It is not meant to expand our knowledge but only to correct it, and to become the touchstone of the value, or lack of value, of all *a priori* knowledge. Such a critique is therefore the preparation, as far as possible, for a new organon, or, if this should turn out not to be possible, for a canon at least, according to which, thereafter, the complete system of a philosophy of pure reason, whether it serve as an expansion or merely as a limitation of its knowledge, may be carried out both analytically and synthetically. That such a system is possible, indeed that it need not be so comprehensive as to cut us off from the hope of completing it, may already be gathered from the fact that it would have to deal not with the nature of things, which is inexhaustible, but with the understanding which makes judgments about the nature of things, and with this understanding again only as far as its *a priori* knowledge is concerned. The supply of this *a priori* knowledge cannot be hidden from us, as we need not look for it outside the understanding, and we may suppose this supply to prove sufficiently small for us to record completely, judge as to its value or lack of value and appraise correctly. Still less ought we to expect here a critique of books and systems of pure reason, but only the critique of the faculty of pure reason itself. Only once we are in possession of this critique do we have a reliable touchstone for estimating the philosophical value of old and new works on this subject. Otherwise, an unqualified historian and judge does nothing but pass judgments upon the groundless assertions of others by means of his own, which are equally groundless.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|The reality that I had known no longer existed. The places that we have known belong now only to the little world of space on which we map them for our own convenience. None of them was ever more than a thin slice, held between the contiguous impressions that composed our life at that time; remembrance of a particular form is but regret for a particular moment; and houses, roads, avenues are as fugitive, alas, as the years.
David Sedaris, When You Are Engulfed in Flames|I'm dating myself, but this was before Jesus Christ. We worshiped a God named Sashatiba, who had five eyes, including one on the Adam's apple.
Robert Burns|Is there for honest Poverty  That hings his head, an' a' that;  The coward slave-we pass him by,  We dare be poor for a' that!  For a' that, an' a' that.  Our toils obscure an' a' that,  The rank is but the guinea's stamp,  The Man's the gowd for a' that.  What though on hamely fare we dine,  Wear hoddin grey, an' a that; Gie fools their silks, and knaves their wine;  A Man's a Man for a' that:  For a' that, and a' that,  Their tinsel show, an' a' that;  The honest man, tho' e'er sae poor,  Is king o' men for a' that.  Ye see yon birkie, ca'd a lord, Wha struts, an' stares, an' a' that;  Tho' hundreds worship at his word,  He's but a coof for a' that:  For a' that, an' a' that,  His ribband, star, an' a' that:  The man o' independent mind  He looks an' laughs at a' that.  A prince can mak a belted knight,  A marquis, duke, an' a' that; But an honest man's abon his might, Gude faith, he maunna fa' that!  For a' that, an' a' that,  Their dignities an' a' that;  The pith o' sense, an' pride o' worth,  Are higher rank than a' that.  Then let us pray that come it may,  (As come it will for a' that,)  That Sense and Worth, o'er a' the earth,  Shall bear the gree, an' a' that.  For a' that, an' a' that,  It's coming yet for a' that,  That Man to Man, the world o'er,  Shall brothers be for a' that.
Cyndi Goodgame, Under Cover|I never quite understood the question that says, is the glass half empty or half full? What’s the difference? Eventually it’ll end up empty and in the trash.
E.L. James|I am crying over the loss of something I never had. How ridiculous. Mourning something that never was – my dashed hopes, dashed dreams, and my soured expectations.
J.D. Stroube, Caged by Damnation|Life is filled with unanswered questions, but it is the courage to seek those answers that continues to give meaning to life. You can spend your life wallowing in despair, wondering why you were the one who was led towards the road strewn with pain, or you can be grateful that you are strong enough to survive it.
Hippocrates|I intend to live forever. So far, so good.
Ratish Edwards|You're in the mirror, I am your image...
Ron Baratono, The Writings of Ron Baratono|My breath catches in my throat as a chill makes me shiver, leaving gooseflesh in its wake. My eyes latch on to his, pleading with him to kiss me.
Eugene Lim, Dear Cyborgs|The problem is that history is not a dialectic progression but a biome, a swamp where ideas chase each other around and wallow and where drupelets of their larvae cluster and then hatch to devour siblings.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|First of all," he said, "if you can learn a simple trick, Scout, you'll get along a lot better with all kinds of folks. You never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view--until you climb into his skin and walk around in it.
Randy Forbes|I feel like our culture is so good at pulling other people down and being so judgmental, but there's space for all of us to be who we are. There's space for us to celebrate each other and root for each other and not take each other down.
Veronica Lavallee|When I look in the mirror, I see someone who will accomplish amazing things
Melinda Salisbury, The Sin Eater’s Daughter|We’re to be married. Does it matter if I permit it?”“To me it does, yes,” says Merek. “And I imagine you, like me, appreciate the illusion of having a choice, even when illusion is all it is.
Blaise Pascal, The Mind on Fire: A Faith for the Skeptical and Indifferent|There are feet that are swift to mete out defeat to anything different, but in doing so the assailant is already defeated. I say to them that the lack of awareness concerning their premature end is due to their immaturity and ignorance. The awareness defeatists lack, is found in those they hunger to defeat. To them, difference is hostility.
Agatha Christie, The Murder on the Links|There! Now we're friends!" declared the minx. "Say you're sorry about my sister -""I am desolated!""That's a good boy!
Juliet Blackwell, Secondhand Spirits|I wouldn't be comfortable, but at least I'd have marginal protection against pointy steel objects that went stab in the night.
J.K. Rowling|Gaea?” Leo shook his head. “Isn’t that Mother Nature? She’s supposed to have, like, flowers in her hair and birds singing around her and dear and rabbits doing her laundry.”“Leo, that’s Snow White,” Piper said.
Wendy J. Mahill, Growing a Passionate Heart|In fact, all of us are very susceptible to having our humiliating experiences turn to shame, especially when the person who is putting us down is someone with whom we have a valued relationship or someone whom we perceive to have more power than we do...
Laura     Miller, Butterfly Weeds|The past is a very determined ghost, haunting every chance it gets.
Christine de Pizan, The Book of the City of Ladies|[J]ust the sight of this book, even though it was of no authority, made me wonder how it happened that so many different men – and learned men among them – have been and are so inclined to express both in speaking and in their treatises and writings so many wicked insults about women and their behaviour. Not only one or two ... but, more generally, from the treatises of all philosophers and poets and from all the orators – it would take too long to mention their names – it seems that they all speak from one and the same mouth. Thinking deeply about these matters, I began to examine my character and conduct as a natural woman and, similarly, I considered other women whose company I frequently kept, princesses, great ladies, women of the middle and lower classes, who had graciously told me of their most private and intimate thoughts, hoping that I could judge impartially and in good conscience whether the testimony of so many notable men could be true. To the best of my knowledge, no matter how long I confronted or dissected the problem, I could not see or realise how their claims could be true when compared to the natural behaviour and character of women.
David Rakoff, Half Empty|Well into adulthood, writing has never gotten easier. It still only ever begins badly, and there are no guarantees that this is not the day when the jig is finally up.
Jack Kerouac|If critics say your work stinks it's because they want it to stink and they can make it stink by scaring you into conformity with their comfortable little standards. Standards so low that they can no longer be considered "dangerous" but set in place in their compartmental understandings.
Nick Lane|In the last 25 years, criticism of most theories advanced by Darwin and the neo-Darwinians has increased considerably, and so did their defense. Darwinism has become an ideology, while the most significant theories of Darwin were proven unsupportable. The critics advanced other theories instead of 'natural selection' and the survival of the fittest'. 'Saltatory ontogeny' and 'epigenesis' are such new theories proposed to explain how variations in ontogeny and novelties in evolution are created. They are reviewed again in the present essay that also tries to explain how Darwinians, artificially kept dominant in academia and in granting agencies, are preventing their acceptance. Epigenesis, the mechanism of ontogenies, creates in every generation alternative variations in a saltatory way that enable the organisms to survive in the changing environments as either altricial or precocial forms. The constant production of two such forms and their survival in different environments makes it possible, over a sequence of generations, to introduce changes and establish novelties--the true phenomena of evolution. The saltatory units of evolution remain far-from-stable structures capable of self-organization and self-maintenance (autopoiesis).[Evolution by epigenesis: farewell to Darwinism, neo- and otherwise.]
Neil M. Hanson, Pilgrim Wheels: Reflections of a Cyclist Crossing America|A tailwind, on the other hand, is one of the most beautiful experiences you can have on a bike. There’s no wind in my ears, so I hear everything around me. The chain purrs sweetly as it pulls the gears under the coaxing of my legs. The soft hiss of my tires on the smooth hard pavement, the sound of little critters scurrying in the desert around me as I pass. Smells aren’t as big a deal out here in the dry desert, but even the smells are more accessible in a tailwind, since I’m moving through air at a slower relative speed, and the smells linger around my face long enough to register and enjoy them.Relative progress, speed, sights, smells, sounds. It all goes together to create a gestalt for the ride that’s pure sweetness, and I never want it to end.Hozho.
Thomas Szasz|If we want boys to succeed, we need to bring them back to education by making education relevant to them and bring in more service learning and vocational education.
Josef Škvorecký, The Engineer of Human Souls|There is beauty everywhere on earth, but there is greater beauty in those places where one feels that sense of ease which comes from no longer having to put off one’s dreams until some improbable future – a future inexorably shrinking away; where the fear that has pervaded one’s life suddenly vanishes because there is... nothing to be afraid of.
Ibn Arabi|We usually live our lives with the belief that "I sacrifice myself for everyone else," rather than thinking that "everyone else helps me.
Garth Ennis, Hellblazer: Dangerous Habits|I'm the one who steps from the shadows, all trenchcoat and cigarette and arrogance, ready to deal with the madness. Oh, I've got it all sewn up. I can save you. If it takes the last drop of your blood, I'll drive your demons away. I'll kick them in the bollocks and spit on them when they're down and then I'll be gone back into darkness, leaving only a nod and a wink and a wisecrack. I walk my path alone... who would walk with me?
C. JoyBell C.|Always remember that those with very important paths to fulfill will always be forced by life into the fear of the very things that their true paths consist of, in order to prevent the destiny from ever happening. Or perhaps, in order to strengthen the courage of the heart, because courage is to look into a direction, make a choice and to actually do that which you are afraid of, and what is destiny if it is not fulfilled by a heart full of courage and brawn?
Ronald Reagan|As government expands, liberty contracts.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|Wait, and you had to ask him if Faye’s in danger? IF? Okay, first of all, I’m just going to admit that I didn’t know Japan had a Mafia, but I also didn’t know they got a Disney World. If someone gets an invitation from the Mafia, I’d say there’s potential for a bit of danger, wouldn’t you? I mean, am I the only one here who saw Goodfellas?
Guy Delisle, Shenzhen: A Travelogue from China|Because with time blocking out the bad, memory is always bound to be a bit naive and stupidly optimistic.
Jennifer Walkup, Second Verse|I look away, but we've caught each other. And I know this wasn't just a ghost story to him, even if it was to the others.
Yolanda Adams|I was a teacher most of my life, which I loved. I had a very happy working life, and when I retired, I thought I must do something, and I've always read a lot of fiction - you learn so much from fiction. My sentimental education came mostly from fiction, I should say, so I thought I'd try.
Jeffrey Rabuffo, M.D., F.A.C.S.|My goal here is to explore the realities and complexities of the life of men. I don't want to act like the woman putting the man down, and I don't want to be the whining man crying, 'I need help. What are you going to do for me? The genders should be asking, 'What are we, men and women, going to do about it?' Let's first recognize the situations; then form plans for what can and should be.
Eric Liddell, The Disciplines Of The Christian Life|When a person is evoked for who she is, not who she is not, the most often result will be the inner healing of her heart through the touch of affirmation.Jesus said you are to love one another as I have loved you, a love that will possibly lead to the bloody, anguish gift of yourself, a love that forgives seven times seven, that keeps no record of wrong. This is the criterion, sole norm, the standard of discipleship in the New Israel of God.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|To me, the thing that is worse than death is betrayal. You see, I could conceive death, but I could not conceive betrayal.
Albert Camus, The Myth of Sisyphus and Other Essays|Women of today are still being called upon to stretch across the gap of male ignorance and to educate men as to our existence and our needs. This is an old and primary tool of all oppressors to keep the oppressed occupied with the master's concerns. Now we hear that is is the task of women of Color to educated white women - in the face of tremendous resistance - as to our existence, our differences, our relative roles in our joint survival. This is a diversion of energies and a tragic repetition of racist patriarchal thought.
Annalee Newitz|American women are so fortunate. When I got married, all I wanted in the world was a dryer so I didn't have to hang up my diapers. And now women have paper diapers and all sorts of conveniences in the home. And it is the man and the technology that has made the home such a pleasant place for women to be.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Your new challenge is to redesign your time allocations. Your strategic focus determines where your time resources will be mainly invested. Prioritise acting out your own script, make your own movie instead of spending too much time watching others at work through the TV. It is surprising the number of unsuccessful people who spend all their time resources on the social media platforms following the lives of the successful. Make the news, be the leader and let others follow you. Align you priorities and balance your activities.
Josh Dun|Blurryface is a fictional character and a reference to insecurities, which I think all people have.
Alexander Pushkin, Eugene Onegin|Perhaps you'd like, you gentle fellow, To hear what I'm prepared to sayOn "kinfolk" and their implications?Well, here's my view of close relations:They're people whom we're bound to prize, To honor, love, and idolize,And following the old tradition,To visit come the Christmas feast, Or send a wish by mail at least;All other days they've our permission,To quite forget us if they please-So grant them, God, long life and ease!
Jalaluddin Rumi, Words of Paradise: Selected Poems|Carpe diem, quam minimum credula postero.(Pluck the day [for it is ripe], trusting as little as possible in tomorrow.)
Zack Love, The Syrian Virgin|Sometimes violence is necessary to prevent even more violence,” I concluded, almost as if it were an epiphany.
Rae Hachton, Pretty In Black|Death, of course, should not be feared, but awaited with certain wonder. To die was to step across a threshold into a new world, unknown, unimaginable.
David Sedaris, Me Talk Pretty One Day|If you aren't cute, you may as well be clever.
Sophocles, Antigone|I’ve found I still serve a purpose. I remind people to pray, to calculate the odds, to thank the fates, the gods, good karma, whatever it was that made this happen to me and not them. I’m in the worst sort of club. The one no one else wants to be in.
Lawrence Block, In the Midst of Death|When we see that almost everything men devote their lives to attain, sparing no effort and encountering a thousand toils and dangers in the process, has, in the end, no further object than to raise themselves in the estimation of others; when we see that not only offices, titles, decorations, but also wealth, nay, even knowledge[1] and art, are striven for only to obtain, as the ultimate goal of all effort, greater respect from one's fellowmen,—is not this a lamentable proof of the extent to which human folly can go?
Kamand Kojouri|If today is not your day, then be happy for this day shall never return. And if today is your day, then be happy now for this day shall never return.
1 Minuto na Palma da Mão|Making a difference is a point of view. For a universe, you can be a simple individual. But for some individual, you can transform "your universe".
Salman Rushdie|The great are eternally at the mercy of tiny men. And also, tiny madwomen.
Hierocles|Most men who very seldom say a moral thing, very seldom do a wrong thing. Their immorality is simply a pose, an image that serves to differentiate them from the ‘morally perfect masses’. And as opposite to it, most men who very frequently say a moral thing, very frequently do a wrong thing. Their morality is simply a mask in order to gain the respect of the masses.
Lailah Gifty Akita|What is knowledge, if it does to shape our conduct?
William Gibson, Neuromancer|I take it you know my companion?"Oh,yes!" said Savage, his smile disappearing. "We know all about Ruby Journey. Please don't let her kill anyone important. Or set fire to anything."Your reputation precedes you," Random said dryly to Ruby.
Philip Larkin, Philip Larkin Poetry|When I throw back my head and howlPeople (women mostly) sayBut you've always done what you want, You always get your way- A perfectly vile and foulInversion of all that's been.What the old ratbags meanIs I've never done what I don't.So the shit in the shuttered chateauWho does his five hundred wordsThen parts out the rest of the dayBetween bathing and booze and birdsIs far off as ever, but soIs that spectacled schoolteaching sod(Six kids, and the wife in pod, And her parents coming to stay)...Life is an immobile, locked, Three-handed struggle betweenYour wants, the world's for you, and (worse)The unbeatable slow machineThat brings what you'll get. Blocked, They strain round a hollow stasisOf havings-to, fear, faces.Days sift down it constantly. Years.--The Life with the Hole in It
Lester Bangs, Main Lines, Blood Feasts, and Bad Taste: A Lester Bangs Reader|I'll probably never produce a masterpiece, but so what? I feel I have a Sound aborning, which is my own, and that Sound if erratic is still my greatest pride, because I would rather write like a dancer shaking my ass to boogaloo inside my head, and perhaps reach only readers who like to use books to shake their asses, than to be or write for the man cloistered in a closet somewhere reading Aeschylus while this stupefying world careens crazily past his waxy windows toward its last raving sooty feedback pirouette. 
Lorde|We might be hollow, but we're brave
Human Angels, 365 Wisdom Pills|We lose in order to find. We forget in order to remember. We die a death in the ego in order to be reborn in the Oneness, until the end of all our duality, until we become Human Angels: aware, compassionate messengers of Love in service to the Oneness.
Michael Connelly, The Narrows|The gravel road widened into a large turnaround where three similar looking and designed brothels sat waiting for customers. They were called Sheila's Front Porch, Tawny's High Five Ranch and Miss Delilah's House of Holies."Nice," Rachel said as we surveyed the scene. "why are these places always named after women -- as if women actually own them?""You got me. I guess Mister Dave's House of Holies wouldn't go over so well with the guys."Rachel smiled."You're right. I guess it's a shrewd move. Name a place of female degradation and slavery after a female and it doesn't sound so bad, does it? It's packaging.
J.M. Coetzee, The Lives of Animals|And then I heard the ring of metal on concrete, and I went cold, because one of them had found a piece of rebar lying around, and I knew with sudden certainty that these guys were going to kill me right here on this stupid sidewalk, for nothing, without even the reason of knowing my name or hating my politics. They were just going to kill me because they needed to kill something, and I was handy. At least zombies would have had a reason.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|There is not one verse of Scripture that indicates you can be a Christian and live any kind of a life you want to. When Christ enters into the human heart, He expects to be Lord and Master. He commands complete surrender.
Amy Engel, The Roanoke Girls|You can't outrun what's inside of you. You can only acknowledge it, work around it, try and turn it into something better. I may not know exactly where I'm headed, but this time I'm choosing my own destiny.
Abbi Glines, Twisted Perfection|The sky is a canvas, so paint your own life.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Fell Beneath Fairyland and Led the Revels There|People talk about nightfall, or night falling, or dusk falling, and it’s never seemed right to me. Perhaps they once meant befalling. As in night befalls. As in night happens. Perhaps they, whoever they were, thought of a falling sun. That might be it, except that that ought to give us dayfall. Day fell on Rupert the Bear. And we know, if we’ve ever read a book, that day doesn’t fall or rise. It breaks. In books, day breaks, and night falls.In life, night rises from the ground. The day hangs on for as long as it can, bright and eager, absolutely and positively the last guest to leave the party, while the ground darkens, oozing night around your ankles, swallowing for ever that dropped contact lens, making you miss that low catch in the gully on the last ball of the last over.
Abraham M. Alghanem, Summer and Autumn|I don't like relationships, though. I mean, it is nice and all, but I prefer to be the friend. I don't know why. They're kind of exhausting.
Elaine Brown, A Taste of Power - A Black Woman's Story|All social inequalities which have ceased to be considered expedient, assume the character not of simple inexpediency, but of injustice, and appear so tyrannical, that people are apt to wonder how they ever could have been tolerated; forgetful that they themselves perhaps tolerate other inequalities under an equally mistaken notion of expediency, the correction of which would make that which they approve seem quite as monstrous as what they have at last learnt to condemn. The entire history of social improvement has been a series of transitions, by which one custom or institution after another, from being a supposed primary necessity of social existence, has passed into the rank of a universally stigmatised injustice and tyranny. So it has been with the distinctions of slaves and freemen, nobles and serfs, patricians and plebeians; and so it will be, and in part already is, with the aristocracies of colour, race, and sex.
George R.R. Martin|And what does anyone know about traitors, or why Judas did what he did?
James Wright, The Branch Will Not Break|In a pine tree,A few yards away from my window sill,A brilliant blue jay is springing up and down, up and down,On a branch.I laugh, as I see him abandon himselfTo entire delight, for he knows as well as I doThat the branch will not break.
Robert Kennedy|It's a very tricky relationship, the cinematographer and the director as a woman.
Henry David Thoreau|I intend to judge things for myself; to judge wrongly, I think, is more honorable than not to judge at all.
Susan Ee, Angelfall|Amid the worry of a self- condemnatory soliloquy, his demeanour seemed grave, perhaps cold, both to me and his mother. And yet there was no bad feeling, no malice, no rancour, no littleness in his countenance, beautiful with a man's best beauty, even in its depression. When I placed his chair at the table, which I hastened to do, anticipating the servant, and when I handed him his tea, which I did with trembling care, he said: "Thank you, Lucy," in as kindly a tone of his full pleasant voice as ever my ear welcomed.
John Milton, Paradise Lost|Over the mountain growths, disease and sorrow,	 An uncaught bird is ever hovering, hovering,High in the purer, happier air.
M.F. Moonzajer|It's so weird how life is so full of moving around--people coming and going, people passing by each other all day long. You never know which person's going to steal your heart. You never know which is going to settle your soul. All you can do is look. And hope. And believe.
R. Alan Woods, The Journey Is The Destination: A Photo Journal|You don't learn knife skills at cooking school, because they give you only six onions and no matter how hard you focus on those six onions there are only six, and you're not going to learn as much as when you cut up a hundred.
Sean Kennedy, Tigers and Devils|When single you are,” Roger said, imitating Yoda dispensing advice to Luke, “get laid you can. When married you get, make love you do.
Virat Kohli|Keep the circus going inside you, keep it going, don't take anything too seriously, it'll all work out in the end.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|I enjoy looking at beautiful people, and I decided a while ago not to deny myself the simpler pleasures of existence.
Alok Jagawat|The lesser the baggage you have, the easiest will be the travelling in this world
Edna St. Vincent Millay, A Few Figs from Thistles|My candle burns at both ends;It will not last the night;But ah, my foes, and oh, my friends—It gives a lovely light!
Daniel Suarez, Daemon|Under the pink Harlequin sunglasses strawberry dangling charms, and sugar-frosted eyeshadow she was really almost beautiful.
Olivia Culpo|Childbirth is more admirable than conquest, more amazing than self-defense, and as courageous as either one.
Sunday Adelaja|To bring relevance to people, you have to be able to speak their language effectively
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Dear lady, ... dear gentleman, reader, [it's] not right ... to put down this writer on his writing ... And I'll tell you why, too: it hurts, that's why.... People try to understand why writers commit suicide by jumping off boats or by alcoholism or by being heroic continuously or by rope or gun or drug or knife or water, and ... I can tell you straight out, ... it is reading slurring remarks about their writing that drives writers to the grave. Dirty remarks passed by ... dirty but damned nicely educated and very highly-paid ladies and gentlemen have the effect of killing writers. Yes, that's right. Dirty words ... in slick paper magazines read by smart people do assassinate writers. ... And boy let me tell you I am all for it, even when by some ... misunderstanding the dirty words are directed to me rather than to the party really deserving them. Accidents happen, dear clever reviewer or critic, and let it not be said that William Saroyan is one not to see a situation from the point of view of the other party, ... and I shall be the first to defend your right to be critical and even sarcastic, knowing full well that it is not about me and my writing, although my name is by mistake taken in vain by you. ... But go on, go on, do your good clever writing, every one of you, I am home, your are home, and we are each of us not yet on Variety's Necrology list, so if we can't take it, who can?
Sachin Kumar Puli|Finding the reason to live doesn't put you on top, it's the hardships faced in process that get you there.
H.D.F. Kitto, The Greeks|Any true definition of preaching must say that that man is there to deliver the message of God, a message from God to those people. If you prefer the language of Paul, he is 'an ambassador for Christ'. That is what he is. He has been sent, he is a commissioned person, and he is standing there as the mouthpiece of God and of Christ to address these people. In other words he is not there merely to talk to them, he is not there to entertain them. He is there - and I want to emphasize this - to do something to those people; he is there to produce results of various kinds, he is there to influence people. He is not merely to influence a part of them; he is not only to influence their minds, not only their emotions, or merely to bring pressure to bear upon their wills and to induce them to some kind of activity. He is there to deal with the whole person; and his preaching is meant to affect the whole person at the very centre of life. Preaching should make such a difference to a man who is listening that he is never the same again. Preaching, in other words, is a transaction between the preacher and the listener. It does something for the soul of man, for the whole of the person, the entire man; it deals with him in a vital and radical mannerI remember a remark made to me a few years back about some studies of mine on “The Sermon on the Mount.” I had deliberately published them in sermonic form. There were many who advised me not to do that on the grounds that people no longer like sermons. The days for sermons, I was told, were past, and I was pressed to turn my sermons into essays and to give them a different form. I was most interested therefore when this man to whom I was talking, and he is a very well-known Christian layman in Britain, said, "I like these studies of yours on “The Sermon on the Mount” because they speak to me.” Then he went on to say, “I have been recommended many books by learned preachers and professors but,” he said, “what I feel about those books is that it always seems to be professors writing to professors; they do not speak to me. But,” he said, “your stuff speaks to me.” Now he was an able man, and a man in a prominent position, but that is how he put it. I think there is a great deal of truth in this. He felt that so much that he had been recommended to read was very learned and very clever and scholarly, but as he put it, it was “professors writing to professors.” This is, I believe, is a most important point for us to bear in mind when we read sermons. I have referred already to the danger of giving the literary style too much prominence. I remember reading an article in a literary journal some five or six years ago which I thought was most illuminating because the writer was making the selfsame point in his own field. His case was that the trouble today is that far too often instead of getting true literature we tend to get “reviewers writing books for reviewers.” These men review one another's books, with the result that when they write, what they have in their mind too often is the reviewer and not the reading public to whom the book should be addressed, at any rate in the first instance. The same thing tends to happen in connection with preaching. This ruins preaching, which should always be a transaction between preacher and listener with something vital and living taking place. It is not the mere imparting of knowledge, there is something much bigger involved. The total person is engaged on both sides; and if we fail to realize this our preaching will be a failure.
Steve Ahn|Composure, a level head, a knowledge of what you want done, and why you want it done andfaith in your own ability to have it done gives composure to the whole school. Restlessness, lackof faith in self, fear of failure, these bring about the very conditions you are striving to avoid,
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you endured the suffering, shall find the joy of overcoming any difficulty.
A.V. Osten, The Head Employee Precedent|We owe our liberation to chemistry," he went on. "For all perception is but a change in the concentration of hydrogen ions on the surface of the brain cells. Seeing me, you actually experience a disturbance in the sodium-potassium equilibrium across your neuron membranes. So all we have todo is send a few well-chosen molecules down into those cortical mitochondria, activate the right neurohumoral-synaptic transmission effector sites, and your fondest dreams come true. But you knowall this," he concluded, subdued.
Alaa Al Aswany, The Automobile Club of Egypt|My early attempts writing plays, which are very poetic, did not use the language that I work in now. I didn't recognize the poetry in everyday language of black America. I thought I had to change it to create art.
Margo T. Rose, The Words|The corner doesn't mind listening to the stupid things I say;Sometimes it's the only one keeping me from running away.And the corner never tells me things I'd rather never know;We became the best of friends long, long, long ago.
|Even After All this timeThe Sun never says to the Earth,"You owe me."LookWhat happensWith a love like that,It lights the whole sky.
Stephen Hawking|Am I complicated? Nah, I'm interesting. I just like having a good time.
Eudora Welty, On Writing|When one of us (children) caught measles or whooping cough and we were isolated in bad upstairs, we wrote notes to each other perhaps on the hour. Our devoted mother would pass them for us, after first running them in a hot oven to kill the germs. They came into our hands curled up and warm, sometimes scorched like toast.
Jeanette Winterson, Gut Symmetries|Now that physics is proving the intelligence of the universe what are we to do about the stupidity of mankind? I include myself. I know that the earth is not flat but my feet are. I know that space is curved but my brain has been condoned by habit to grow in a straight line. What I call light is my own blend of darkness. What I call a view is my hand-painted trompe-l'oeil. I run after knowledge like a ferret down a ferret hole. My limitations, I call the boundaries of what can be known. I interpret the world by confusing other people's psychology with my own.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|To call certain people, such as your boss, teachers, professors, doctors, your parent’s friends, etc. by their first names might be considered disrespectful. It is best to err on the side of caution until you know what is appropriate.
Nomi Eve, Henna House|Hope is not a sin, and neither is fidelity.
M.F. Moonzajer|Political writers argue in regard to the love of liberty with the same philosophy that philosophers do in regard to the state of nature; by the things they see they judge of things very different which they have never seen, and they attribute to men a natural inclination to slavery, on account of the patience with which the slaves within their notice carry the yoke; not reflecting that it is with liberty as with innocence and virtue, the value of which is not known but by those who possess them, though the relish for them is lost with the things themselves. I know the charms of your country, said Brasidas to a satrap who was comparing the life of the Spartans with that of the Persepolites; but you can not know the pleasures of mine.
Samuel Beckett, The Unnamable|I don’t know: perhaps it’s a dream, all a dream. (That would surprise me.) I’ll wake, in the silence, and never sleep again. (It will be I?) Or dream (dream again), dream of a silence, a dream silence, full of murmurs (I don’t know, that’s all words), never wake (all words, there’s nothing else).You must go on, that’s all I know.They’re going to stop, I know that well: I can feel it. They’re going to abandon me. It will be the silence, for a moment (a good few moments). Or it will be mine? The lasting one, that didn’t last, that still lasts? It will be I?You must go on.I can’t go on.You must go on.I’ll go on. You must say words, as long as there are any - until they find me, until they say me. (Strange pain, strange sin!) You must go on. Perhaps it’s done already. Perhaps they have said me already. Perhaps they have carried me to the threshold of my story, before the door that opens on my story. (That would surprise me, if it opens.)It will be I? It will be the silence, where I am? I don’t know, I’ll never know: in the silence you don’t know.You must go on.I can’t go on.I’ll go on.
Albert Camus|She was waiting, but she didn't know for what. She was aware only of her solitude, and of the penetrating cold, and of a greater weight in the region of her heart.
Ludwig von Mises, Socialism: An Economic and Sociological Analysis|Since its appearance the view that prostitution is a product of capitalism has gained ground enormously. And as, in addition, preachers still complain that the good old morals have decayed, and accuse modern culture of having led to loose living, everyone is convinced that all sexual wrongs represent a symptom of decadence peculiar to our age.
Anna Carey, Eve|What sort of funny songs?""My balls are swearing my balls are swearing I can't keep my balls from sweating ohhh no.""How is that funny?" I asked. "As in the balls of your feet?""No, it's like this thing..... Never mind," he said.
Mila Ferrera, Spiral|I missed talking to you, and playing with you, and touching you, and seeing you smile. I missed just … sitting next to you. I’ve never missed anyone or anything that much
Euginia Herlihy|To be effective, we have to slow down the speed of our thoughts and focus on managing our attention.
Germany Kent|If you don't put anything in place, do not expect miraculous results to appear.
Eva Gregory|There is freedom in stepping out and taking risks when you know at any given moment, you can always begin again.
Chila Woychik, On Being a Rat and Other Observations|You want to get your book to press. You rush it through. Revision number twenty—done. Do you really need twenty more? Yes. A half-baked book is a half-birthed child. It aborts, is put on life support; reviewers line the hall to pull the plug.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Tim blinked his eyes a few times, and then crossed a leg over in an attempt to regain a composure that would cover any visible traces of destructive inclinations possibly stored in any mental compartments in his emotional vehicle. He trembled a bit after catching a presumed glimpse of unstableness in himself through the second person perception of himself that could have possibly been perceived by his supervisor.
Melyssa Winchester, Count on Me|It’s okay to have differences, to not be like everyone else around you. It doesn’t make you weaker or less worthy than anyone else that might appear normal. It is what it is. You’re just different. At the end of the day, we all want the exact same things in life and I think Isabelle and I are living proof of that.
Lucas J. Robak|Anything I can do, you can do better. It is a matter of belief backed by desire.
Jodi Picoult, The Pact|She has never been a pretty crier. She sobbed the way she did everything else - with passion and excess. That she had managed to keep it inside her this long was astounding to James. He thought of pushing open the half-closed door and kneeling before his wife, wrapping his arms around her shoulders and helping her upstairs. He raised his hand, stroking the wood of the door, planning to say something to calm her. But what wisdom could he offer Gus, when he could not even heed it himself? James walked upstairs again, got into bed, covered his head with a pillow. And hours later, when Gus crept beneath the sheets, he tried to pretend that he did not feel the weight of her grief, lying between them like a fitful child, so solid that he could not reach past it to touch her.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|There is legitimate pleasure, which is not wrong, but we are not to become so preoccupied with its activities that it takes the place of God.
Dennis Weaver|The truth is, natural organisms have managed to do everything we want to do without guzzling fossil fuels, polluting the planet or mortgaging the future.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Allow your hearts to be driven by principle, not bias. Love, not hate. Unity, not division. The fire of your dreams, not the rain of your sorrows.
William Stafford, The Way It Is: New and Selected Poems|I is for immortality, which for some poets is a necessary compensation. Presumably miserable in this life, they will be remembered when the rest of us are long forgotten. None of them asks about the quality of that remembrance--what it will be like to crouch in the dim hallways of somebody's mind until the moment of recollection occurs, or to be lifted off suddenly and forever into the pastures of obscurity. Most poets know better than to concern themselves with such things. They know the chances are better than good that their poems will die when they do and never be heard of again, that they'll be replaced by poems sporting a new look in a language more current. They also know that even if individual poems die, though in some cases slowly, poetry will continue: that its subjects, it constant themes, are less liable to change than fashions in language, and that this is where an alternate, less lustrous immortality might be. We all know that a poem can influence other poems, remain alive in them, just as previous poems are alive in it. Could we not say, therefore, that individual poems succeed most by encouraging revisions of themselves and inducing their own erasure? Yes, but is this immortality, or simply a purposeful way of being dead?
William Cowper|I'm planning to be here forever, but I know at some point I'll probably have to give it up. If you live to 100, there's a very good chance you'll live forever. Because very few people die after 100.
Ruth McLeod-Kearns, Love, Loss, Trauma|Becky was a weed.  Nobody ever wanted them taking over the bigger, prettier plants.  People went to all extremes to make them go away.  They sprayed poison, pulled until the roots gave way. They felt only like their garden was complete when every tendril was extirpated.  This was how she felt from birth.
William Shakespeare, Macbeth|Man is mostly a collection of emotions, most of which he would do better not to be feeling.
Amy Chua|I love surfing, rock climbing, cycling - all that stuff. But it's just amazing that I can inspire people with my running. It's humbling, really.
Mary Renault, The Last of the Wine|When you want to talk about honor, they want to talk about money. When you want to talk about money, they want to talk about gentility. They either get the notion of honor or they don't. And if they don't, you probably shouldn't be fucking with them.
Idries Shah, Learning How to Learn: Psychology and Spirituality in the Sufi Way|One can give or withhold in a manner far more effective, sophisticated, useful, which is quite invisible to people who think that giving or withholding is done by external assessment. If you seek some mark of favour or 'promotion', know that you are not ready for it. Progress comes through capacity to learn, and is irresistible. Nobody can stand between you and knowledge if you are fit for it.
Kevin McCarthy|It's so easy to be there when it's all sunshine, but it really takes strength and courage to be there for each other during the dark times.
Paul Celan|Reachable, near and not lost, there remained in the midst of the losses this one thing: language. It, the language, remained, not lost, yes, in spite of everything. But it had to pass through its own answerlessness, pass through frightful muting, pass through the thousand darknesses of deathbringing speech. It passed through and gave back no words for that which happened; yet it passed through this happening. Passed through and could come to light again, “enriched” by all this.
James Lovegrove, The Age of Ra|Hierarchy and discipline gave shape to the world;that was what he had always believed.Life was made easy by adherence toa rigid structure.But maybe that only really worked when you were at the top of the ladder,when you were doing well.The further down the rungs you went,the more of a victim of circumstances you became and the less it mattered whether or not you were in control.
Daniel C. Dennett, Darwin's Dangerous Idea: Evolution and the Meanings of Life|Science, however, is not just a matter of making mistakes, but of making mistakes in public. Making mistakes for all to see, in the hopes of getting the others to help with the corrections.
Foz Meadows|As a fantasist, I well understand the power of escapism, particularly as relates to romance. But when so many stories aimed at the same audience all trumpet the same message – And Lo! There shall be Two Hot Boys, one of them your Heart’s Intended, the other a vain Pretender who is also hot and with whom you shall have guilty makeouts before settling down with your One True Love – I am inclined to stop viewing the situation as benign and start wondering why, for instance, the heroines in these stories are only ever given a powerful, magical destiny of great importance to the entire world so long as fulfilling it requires male protection, guidance and companionship, and which comes to an end just as soon as they settle their inevitable differences with said swain and start kissing.I mean to invoke is something of the danger of mob rule, only applied to narrative and culture. Viz: that the comparative harmlessness of individuals does not prevent them from causing harm en masse. Take any one story with the structure mentioned above, and by itself, there’s no problem. But past a certain point, the numbers begin to tell – and that poses a tricky question. In the case of actual mobs, you’ll frequently find a ringleader, or at least a core set of agitators: belligerent louts who stir up feeling well beyond their ability to contain it. In the case of novels, however, things aren’t so clear cut. Authors tell the stories they want to tell, and even if a number of them choose to write a certain kind of narrative either in isolation or inspired by their fellows, holding any one of them accountable for the total outcome would be like trying to blame an avalanche on a single snowflake. Certainly, we may point at those with the greatest (arguable) influence or expostulate about creative domino effects, but as with the drop that breaks the levee, it is impossible to try and isolate the point at which a cluster of stories became a culture of stories – or, for that matter, to hold one particular narrative accountable for the whole.
Kris Courtney, Norma Jean's Sun|You are putting yourself in serious danger...'I think that I preferred to put myself in serious danger rather than confront my shame. My shame at not having become someone, the shame of not having made my parents proud after all the sacrifices they had made for me. The shame of having become a mediocre nihilist.
Karen Chance, Midnight's Daughter|If truth prevails, the contributions of a courageous physician and a brilliant engineer to the conquest of waterborne disease will still be remembered in another hundred years.
Maggie Stiefvater, Forever|It was her eyes and my eyes and I felt a surging sensation of rightness, of saying the right thing at the right time to the right person.
C. S. Lewis|I think it's something that needs to be said - that there are interracial marriages out there, and the couples live happy lives, and there's nothing wrong with it.
Heather R. Blair, Blood in Fire|When the twilight of all my evenings reaches me, after a long dark day, my complicated thoughts suffocate inside all of my uncomplicated longings. Evenings refuse to end. And the dawns that constantly swallow up my nights, always shows me an extremely long road I still need to tread, and discover. And get hurt.
Rebecca McNutt, Smog City|People say that a time machine can’t be invented, but they’ve already invented a device that can stop time, cameras are the world’s first time machines.
George Orwell, 1984|The problem was how to keep the wheels of industry turning without increasing the real wealth of the world. Goods must be produced, but they must not be distributed.
Rob Liano|Many people see a brick wall as an obstacle, when it's really a 'how to' for achieving success. You have to build either of them one brick at a time.
Sunday Adelaja|When we allow ourselves to show some patience and take time to listen to the others, we may learn a lot about ourselves. Patience does not endure instant gratification, though, and self-knowledge may take a lifetime. (“I am on my own side, but I can listen “ )
Wallace Shawn|Such is the condition of organic nature! whose first law might be expressed in the words 'Eat or be eaten!' and which would seem to be one great slaughter-house, one universal scene of rapacity and injustice!
Søren Kierkegaard|Everyone take his revenge on the world. My revenge consists in bearing my distress and anguish enclosed deeply within me while my laughter entertains everyone. If I see someone suffer I give him my sympathy, console him as best I can, and listen to him calmly when he assures me that I am fortunate. If only I can keep this up until the day I die I shall have had my revenge
F. Scott Fitzgerald, This Side of Paradise|There were days when Amory resented that life had changed from an even progress along a road stretching ever in sight, with the scenery merging and blending, into a succession of quick, unrelated scenes... He felt that it would take all time, more than he could ever spare, to glue these strange cumbersome pictures into the scrap-book of his life.
Ellen DeGeneres|My views are very fluctuating. I have very contradictory takes on the subject. Dating is easier, while marriage is hard work. You see your friends having early divorces, and on the other hand, you see your parents having a successful marriage.
Suzanne  Johnson, Elysian Fields|The fight wasn’t over,” I said through gritted teeth. “I’d have won it.”  Probably. “Right,” he said. “And something just flew past your window. It was oinking.
Kourtney Kardashian|Outstanding leaders go out of their way to boost the self-esteem of their personnel. If people believe in themselves, it's amazing what they can accomplish.
Erika Johansen, The Invasion of the Tearling|Anger was the indulgence of a child, not a queen.
Woody Allen|Where logic reaches, religion leaves.
Debasish Mridha|Faith and beliefs are the common things in all religion, so God is the faith and the belief without exception.
Rachael Wade, The Gates|I saw it in his eyes, first—the beginning of the end, the beginning of things to come. The blackest night, they cut into me, paralyzing my trembling body. Not even the gods could sense my fear now, for the celebration of the monsters who’d claimed me drowned out all perception of pain. It was all-powerful, all-knowing, the definition of infinite, an overwhelming possession that consumed every inch of my being.
Christina Engela, Dead Man's Hammer|If you 'don't do politics' , trust me - politics will do you.
Jeremy Vaeni, Urgency.|In that pallid and sullen shadow in which he crawled, whenever he turned his head and endeavoured to raise his eyes, he saw, with mingled rage and terror, forming, massing, and mounting up out of sight above him with horrid escarpments, a kind of frightful accumulation of things, of laws, of prejudices, of men, and of acts, the outlines of which escaped him, the weight of which appalled him, and which was no other than that prodigious pyramid that we call civilization.
Joel Fuhrman|New York apartments are notoriously small, and my cute little studio is no exception - space is at a premium, which is one of the reasons that I only have a mini-fridge. Great for leftovers, cheese, and chilling Diet Coke.
Liane Moriarty, Truly Madly Guilty|We are born crying, and for good reason,' he reflected. 'And the rest of our lives is bound to be a muted reiteration of that cry.
Kurt Vonnegut|If trees can create art, if they can encircle the globe seven times in one year, if prisoners can grow plants and raise frogs, then perhaps there are other static entities that we hold inside ourselves, like grief, like addictions, like racism, that can also change.
Cassie Mae, No Interest in Love|She stepped over to the model. "The little town looks so sweet in the moonlight."	And so did Lindsey. Her sexy silhouette had him riveted in place. He knew better, but his instincts urged him to go to her. Joining her next to the model, he skimmed his fingertips over her bare shoulder and down her arm. He reached her hand and languidly laced his fingers between hers. "Not nearly as sweet as you look," he whispered close to her ear...
Nilantha Ilangamuwa|The obvious definition of a monarchy seems to be that of a state, in which a single person, by whatsoever name he may be distinguished, is entrusted with the execution of the laws, the management of the revenue, and the command of the army. But, unless public liberty is protected by intrepid and vigilant guardians, the authority of so formidable a magistrate will soon degenerate into despotism. The influence of the clergy, in an age of superstition, might be usefully employed to assert the rights of mankind; but so intimate is the connection between the throne and the altar, that the banner of the church has very seldom been seen on the side of the people. A martial nobility and stubborn commons, possessed of arms, tenacious of property, and collected into constitutional assemblies, form the only balance capable of preserving a free constitution against enterprises of an aspiring prince.
Laiah Gifty Akita|Rabbi, the great Teacher, Jesus Christ.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|I think love and hate intertwine far too much for humanity's own good, yet we choose to compare them like vinegar and water.
Shūsaku Endō, The Final Martyrs|Over the years I have forged intimate familial ties with these characters, who are reflections of a portion of myself. Consequently, even a character who appeared only once in a short story waits now in the wings, concealed by the curtain, for his next appearance on-stage. Not one of them has ever broken free of his familial ties with me and disappeared for ever - at least, not within the confines of my heart.
Brent Weeks, Beyond the Shadows|You don’t need to wait for God to show up, in order to be rescued from your bad situation. God has been trying to get your attention for a really long time.
Ricky Martin|If a country is to be corruption free and become a nation of beautiful minds, I strongly feel there are three key societal members who can make a difference. They are the father, the mother and the teacher.
Barton Goldsmith, The Happy Couple: How to Make Happiness a Habit One Little Loving Thing at a Time|But, he thought, what does it mean, insane? A legal definition. What do I mean? I feel it, see it, but what is it?He thought, It is something they do, something they are. It is their unconsciousness. Their lack of knowledge about others. Their not being aware of what they do to others, the destruction they have caused and are causing. No, he thought. That isn't it. I don't know; I sense it, I intuit it. But -- they are purposelessly cruel... is that it? No, God, he thought. I can't find it, make it clear. Do they ignore parts of reality? Yes. But it is more. It is their plans. Yes, their plans. The conquering of the planets. Something frenzied and demented, as was their conquering of Africa, and before that, Europe and Asia.Their view; it is cosmic. Not a man here, a child there, but an abstraction : race, land. Volk. Land. Blut. Ehre. Not of honourable men but of Ehre itself, hounor; the abstract is real, the actual is invisible to them. Die Güte, but not good men, this good man. It is their sense of space and time.
Scott Stabile|And then it hit me—I don’t have to participate in these toxic conversations.But if I choose to, I can set a different example. I can bring love to the moment, regardless of the response.I can choose to be kind, no matter what.My power lives in my love.
Ken Bain, What the Best College Teachers Do|In short, we much struggle with the meaning of learning within our discipline and how best to cultivate and recognize it. For that task, we don't need routine experts who know all the right procedures but adaptive ones who can apply fundamental principles to all the situations and students they are likely to encounter, recognizing when invention is both possible and necessary and that there is no single 'best way' to teach.
Eugene Field|"Christ the Lord is risen today " Sons of men and angels say. Raise your joys and triumphs high  Sing  ye heavens  and earth reply.
Janette Oke, Love Comes Softly|If she remember right, people who had a God didn't seem to hold to drinking' an' beating' their women. With a little luck maybe she wouldn't have to put up with that anyway.
Travis Kalanick|The thing we're all looking for is happiness, and if we achieve just a modicum of that or even a little piece of serenity even for five minutes a day, we're very lucky.
Alexej Savreux, Graffiti on the Window|I don't need to write light, to see light. You are only disabled, if you disable yourself. I may have an illness, but I am not the illness Truth is, despite what they may say, I'll get out of this world alive. I am the Gospel of Myself.
Kristin Cavallari|I auditioned on my own. I tried to make a mark for myself without anybody's help, not even Mom's.
Sunday Adelaja|Unfortunately, we do not often see the advantages in the power of values and virtues. We are easily taken away by physical wealth, material possessions and the power of money.
Andie MacDowell|There's plenty of room for humor in politics, God knows, but it's a serious business.
Alfred Korzybski, Science and Sanity: An Introduction to Non-Aristotelian Systems and General Semantics|The Beaver is an amphibious creature: by day it lives hidden in rivers, but at night it roams the land, feeding itself with anything that it can find. Now it understands the reason why hunters come after it with such eagerness and impetuosity, and it puts down its head and with its teeth cuts off its testicles and throws them in their path, as a prudent man who, falling into the hands of robbers, sacrifices all that he is carrying, to save his life, and forfeits his possessions by way of ransom. If however it has already saved its life by self-castration and is again pursued, then it stands up and reveals that it offers no ground for their eager pursuit, and releases the hunters from all further exertions, for they esteem its flesh less. Often however Beavers with testicles intact, after escaping as far away as possible, have drawn in the coveted part, and with great skill and ingenuity tricked their pursuers, pretending that they no longer possessed what they were keeping in concealment.
Joe Namath|I've always been really active. I grew up playing sports, so I'm always shooting hoops or throwing the football with my friends. I'm super-active in that sense.
Alexandra Iff, More Than Just a Pair of Pumps|Love always finds its way, but if you love someone just say...
Sallust|To feel envy is human, to savour schadenfreude is devilish.
Alan Chains, Return to Island X|The cultural problem was 'the fallacy of insignificance', and it was a philosophical form of this fallacy that had somehow landed existentialism in a cul de sac.
Munia Khan|She didn't do anything at allexcept arrived without warningin the middle of the night(right when I least expected it)She walked by me, with a strut in her stepsmelling like summercausing me to turn my head(even the leaves swayed her way)All she did was look at mewith bright, curious eyesfilled with mirth and secrets(as if an adventure was about to happen)I tried not to think of her at allnot the curves of her bodyor the stories that she told(you knew there'd never be dull conversations)By then, I couldn't walk awayI got caught up in her stormwithout a care in the world(I was a very good swimmer)She was a hurricane who created her own sunshine.
Russell Simmons, Do You!: 12 Laws to Access the Power in You to Achieve Happiness and Success|Fear was the worst evil ever to plague a man, for with it came hesitation and with that, inaction, failure, death.
Lisa Bedrick, On Christian Apologetics|Satan is behind the theory of evolution. Satan hates God and us.  Satan is the father of all lies. So he wants nothing more than to make every human being alive believe lies about God, ourselves and how and why we exist.
Jeff Shaara quoting Colonel "Chesty" Puller|I first saw you as you crossed the street. It was then that my heart began a brand new beat. As I continued to drive, I felt a deep inside yearn, I immediately looked for an opportunity to make a U-turn.
Nikolaj Coster-Waldau|Yes, I think it's really important to acknowledge that Dr. King, precisely at the moment of his assassination, was re-conceptualizing the civil rights movement and moving toward a sort of coalitional relationship with the trade union movement.
Matthew Quick, Forgive Me, Leonard Peacock|She took a deep breath. "Let me begin again." If this girl wanted to play ball in front of her department head, Christine would bring it. She closed her eyes and accessed the most expensive Philo Department vocabulary words she possessed."Well, as human beings, when we immanentize the eschaton…
Mimi Kennedy|We need stem-cell research, no question about it. It is absolutely crucial for moving our medical science forward. We are trying to harness an untapped source of energy that can provide cures and possibly even prevent disease and suffering.
Ellen Hopkins, Identical|In fact, since the accident, Mom doesn't love anyone. She is marble. Beautiful. Frigid. Easily stained by her family. What's left of us anyway. We are corpses.At first, we sought rebirth. But resurrection devoid of her love has made us zombies. We get up every morning, skip breakfast, hurry off to work or school. For in those other places, we are more at home.And sometimes we stagger beneath the weight of grief, the immensity of aloneness.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|The only way to heal is to help others heal, and the only way to find love and keep love in our lives is to give it to others.
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|To change, you need to accept your past and deny to be challenged and overcome by your future.
Stephen Colbert, I Am America|All Dogs Go To Heaven? Sorry, kids. It's only the dogs who've accepted Christ.
George Lakoff, Philosophy in the Flesh: The Embodied Mind and its Challenge to Western Thought|There is nothing worse then being surrounded by a bunch of people telling you to do what is right, when they can't define that definition, without a lot of hatred and judgment behind it.
Carrie Ann Ryan, Prowled Darkness|It wasn't every day that a lion shifter next in line to the throne, dealing with a possible uproar and war in his Pride, found himself a soon-to-be father with a not-so-human potential mate after he'd left her all alone because he'd been forced to hurt her. There weren't any manuals for this sort of thing....
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|My aunt must have been perfectly well aware that she would not see Swann again, that she would never leave her own house any more, but this ultimate seclusion seemed to be accepted by her with all the more readiness for the very reason which, to our minds, ought to have made it more unbearable; namely, that such a seclusion was forced upon her by the gradual and steady diminution in her strength which she was able to measure daily, which, by making every action, every movement 'tiring' to her if not actually painful, gave to inaction, isolation and silence the blessed, strengthening and refreshing charm of repose.
Georgia Clark, She's with the Band|The most intimate moments in the world don't happen in nightclubs or backstage or even on the movie screen. They were moments like this: sitting silently, comfortably, holding hands on a darkened bedroom floor.
John Drane|I started off in England and very few people knew I was Australian. I mean, the clues were in the poems, but they didn't read them very carefully, and so for years and years I was considered completely part of the English poetry scene.
William Giraldi|We know by intuition and study that great books approach a condition both above and below human — what Lesser means by “grandeur and intimacy” — and our job is to place ourselves somewhere on the continuum between those shifting poles, to welcome a gravid agitation or be willing to undergo some form of personal torsion; to have our personhood both threatened and amplified.
Kim Stanley Robinson, The Years of Rice and Salt|In China the egalitarian movement came not just from Zhu's vision, but also the Taoist ideas of balance, as Zhu would always point out. In Travancore it rose out of the Buddhist idea of compassion, in Yingzhou from the Hodenosaunee idea of the equality of all, in Firanja from the idea of justice before God. Everywhere the idea existed, but the world still belonged to a tiny minority of rich; wealth had been accumulating for centuries in a few hands, and the people lucky enough to be born into this old aristocracy lived in the old manner, with the rights of kings now spread among the wealthy of the Earth. Money had replaced land as the basis of power, and money flowed according to its own gravity, its laws of accumulation, which though divorced from nature, were nevertheless the laws ruling most countries on Earth, no matter their religious or philosophical ideas of love, compassion, charity, equality, goodness, and the like. Old Zhu had been right: humanity's behavior was still based on old laws, which determined how food and land and water and surplus wealth around, how the labor of the eight billions was owned. If these laws did not change, the living shell of the earth might well be wrecked, and inherited by seagulls and ants and cockroaches.
Julie Metz, Perfection: A Memoir of Betrayal and Renewal|Really, for a man who had been out of practice for so many years it was a splendid laugh!
Mary Taylor Young, The Guide to Colorado Mammals|I feel that the Photograph creates my body or mortifies it, according to its caprice (apology of this mortiferous power: certain Communards paid with their lives for their willingness or even their eagerness to pose on the barricades: defeated, they were recognized by Thiers's police and shot, almost every one).
|If you don't want the world to judge you wrongly, then let your frequent decisions and actions clearly define who you truly are.
Jane Costello, The Nearly-Weds|I am attracted to certain types of people: the outrageous, outstanding and the one's pegged as odd. The 3 O's remind me not to be ordinary.
Garcelle Beauvais|Because I live in the countryside, I want a building which encourages me to have a fully formed relationship with the environment. It gives me an opportunity to not just be inside or outside, but in a range of contexts.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Heavenly Father, let your glory be seen in our lives.
John J. Ratey, Spark: The Revolutionary New Science of Exercise and the Brain|#36:...Something has happened to our intelligence. My reasoning is this: arrangements of part of the Brain is a language. We are parts of the Brain; therefore, we are language. Why, then, do we not know this?
J. Raymond|Something about her was different that day. In an instant, she swallowed her regrets, choked back her past, and swore to make history every damn day. There I stood, struggling to make sense of the strength of a woman.
V.S. Atbay|All beautiful distractions, ignites from you.
Fakeer Ishavardas|When one has attained a state of mind from which the evil passions of the present world have been so utterly winnowed, fear too is forgotten. Thus it was that the priest no longer could understand why Hell should exist.
Kate Bernheimer, The Complete Tales of Lucy Gold|Thankfully, the farmers understand my request that the children not be allowed to peer through the windows at me.It would be alarming for them to see me with their dolls, to see me using the knife on their faces. There are some things children never should see.
David Chang|Follow your heart. Do what you love. Because I was constantly struggling with that. If it's in your heart, go for it. Don't listen to other people.
Lord Acton|Science gives us knowledge, but only philosophy can give us wisdom.
Lynn Hoffman|In an age when mass pleasures like television are becoming more feeble and homogeneous, the very act of discrimination becomes a form of protest. At a time when mass marketing of food produces a product so disgusting that it has to be wrapped in distracting gimmicks to be sold, the mere fact of paying attention to what you eat and drink and telling the truth about taste is a revolutionary act.
Santosh Kalwar|There are no perfect human beings and even those who we pray such as Allah, Buddha, Jesus, Krishna among others, were not perfect.
Charles Soule|It's so funny, because when I was growing up in a small town in New Hampshire, I was obsessed with Leonardo DiCaprio - from the 'Growing Pains'/'What's Eating Gilbert Grape' era, because he was superhot - and I carried a laminated photo of him in my wallet and said he was my boyfriend. But no one believed me.
|It is quite awful how some people are constantly saying that they are superior to others, but deep down they know that they are suffering from a lot of insecurities.
Thomas Arnold|I never really felt like my age stopped people from wanting to work with me. I was speaking at conferences and lecturing at universities at 18, and I think that was mainly because web developing and management was a really young industry.
Alfred Adler|The wrath of God is a way of saying that I have been living in a way that is contrary to the love that is God. Anyone who begins to live and grow away from God, who lives away from what is good, is turning his life toward wrath.
Jacqueline Novogratz, The Blue Sweater: Bridging the Gap Between Rich and Poor in an Interconnected World|Once you go on welfare it changes you. Even if you get off welfare, you never escape the stigma that you were a charity case. You're scarred for life.
Renee James|If we're building high quality companies, if the customers like the products, if the technology innovation is real, then the substance is going to win out in the end.
Kendrick Lamar|When people hear good music, it makes them homesick for something they never had, and never will have.
Shannon A. Thompson, Death Before Daylight|Sometimes we hurt the ones we love, but hurting ourselves to avoid it doesn’t make it better.
Naoko Takeuchi|You’re so unfair, Michiru…To leave into your own world…Don’t leave me alone…-Haruka Tenoh/Sailor Uranus
Paul Russell, The Coming Storm|If I make you read, then I'll keep quiet. If I make you think, then I'll keep reading. If I make you smile, then I'll keep writing.
Anthony T. Hincks|Max always mumbles; not in a shy way, but rather as if he's telling you what it will cost to take out your worst enemy, or how much you'd have to pay to rig a horse race.
C.I. Dennis, Tanzi's Ice|No wonder Thanksgiving was my favorite—you can't buy it, wrap it, or put it under a tree, and even the greeting card companies can't seem to make a buck off of it. It's just a meal, with people who you love and who love you back, no matter what.
Barbara Demick, Nothing to Envy: Ordinary Lives in North Korea|To congratulate oneself on one's warm commitment to the environment, or to peace, or to the oppressed, and think no more is a profound moral fault.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|What greater glory can we anticipate than to stand before the throne of God, to humble ourselves before His great and incomparable majesty.
Tom Robbins|A philosopher once asked, "Are we human because we gaze at the stars, or do we gaze at them because we are human?" Pointless, really..."Do the stars gaze back?" Now, that's a question.
Mitch Albom, The Time Keeper|It is too late." The old man shook his head. "It is never too late or too soon. It is when it is supposed to be." He smiled. "There is a plan, Dor.
Emily Oster|I believe that at least 70 percent of parenting goes to the mother. In our house, I'm the one who knows about all the school stuff, helps with the homework, organizes the play dates, and remembers the birthday parties.
Jalaluddin Rumi|You are an ocean in a drop of dew,all the universes in a thin sack of blood.What are these pleasures then,these joys, these worldsthat you keep reaching for,hoping they will make you more alive?
Auliq-Ice|Entrepreneurship is like a weighing machine whose load content should tilt towards passion to solve a pressing need, more than passion to make money.
Rosie McKinley, Gypsy Girl|My other boy thing is that I sort of have a teeny tiny superpower. It’s not a jump-over-buildings, see-through-people’s-clothes, or lift-a-train-over-my-head one, which is good, because when you can do those kinds of things you probably have to live in a secret hideout instead of at home with your mom and dad. And I really like my room….
Confucius|Character contributes to beauty. It fortifies a woman as her youth fades. A mode of conduct, a standard of courage, discipline, fortitude, and integrity can do a great deal to make a woman beautiful.
Suellen Drysdale|Figured that most of life's dilemmas could be solved by asking yourself this one question: " Is it worth it--to me? 
Ruta Sepetys, Salt to the Sea|War had bled color from everything, leaving nothing but a storm of gray.
Larissa Lai, Salt Fish Girl: A Novel|He thought of the deep crevasses and windy caves of Underlay, and the stories of the creatures that dwelt there. Of course, he didn’t believe in them. He’d told them, because the handing on of an oral mythology was very important to a developing culture, but he didn’t believe in supernatural monsters. He shivered. He hoped they didn’t believe in him.
Joan Swan|The reality is that the only people who count are those who believe in you no matter what. The ones who stand beside you when hell crawls through, nipping at your heels because they know who you really are.
George Packer|As a lawyer, I could engage in killer litigation with the best of them. It was war, after all.
Elle Newmark, The Book of Unholy Mischief|Guilt isn't in cat vocabulary. They never suffer remorse for eating too much, sleeping too long or hogging the warmest cushion in the house. They welcome every pleasurable moment as it unravels and savour it to the full until a butterfly or falling leaf diverts their attention. They don't waste energy counting the number of calories they've consumed or the hours they've frittered away sunbathing.Cats don't beat themselves up about not working hard enough. They don't get up and go, they sit down and stay. For them, lethargy is an art form. From their vantage points on top of fences and window ledges, they see the treadmills of human obligations for what they are - a meaningless waste of nap time.
Samuel Johnson|Knowledge is of two kinds. We know a subject ourselves, or we know where we can find information upon it.
Laurie Colwin|The beet is the most intense of vegetables. The radish, admittedly, is more feverish, but the fire of the radish is a cold fire, the fire of discontent not of passion. Tomatoes are lusty enough, yet there runs through tomatoes an undercurrent of frivolity. Beets are deadly serious.Slavic peoples get their physical characteristics from potatoes, their smoldering inquietude from radishes, their seriousness from beets.The beet is the melancholy vegetable, the one most willing to suffer. You can't squeeze blood out of a turnip...The beet is the murderer returned to the scene of the crime. The beet is what happens when the cherry finishes with the carrot. The beet is the ancient ancestor of the autumn moon, bearded, buried, all but fossilized; the dark green sails of the grounded moon-boat stitched with veins of primordial plasma; the kite string that once connected the moon to the Earth now a muddy whisker drilling desperately for rubies.The beet was Rasputin's favorite vegetable. You could see it in his eyes.
Edward M. Hallowell, Dare to Forgive: The Power of Letting Go & Moving on|Forgiveness takes intelligence, discipline, imagination, and persistence, as well as a special psychological strength, something athletes call mental toughness and warriors call courage.
Alexandra Bracken, The Darkest Minds|Those rabbits stopped fighting the system, because it was easier to take the loss of freedom, to forget what it was like before the fence kept them in, than to be out there in the world struggling to find shelter and food. They had decided that the loss of some was worth the temporary comfort of many.
Ali Smith|When you see that many people with a smile on their face, then you must be doing something right.
Cathy Burnham Martin, The Bimbo Has Brains: And Other Freaky Facts|Appreciation and respect are mutual needs. We may be wired differently as men and women, but some needs are parallel human needs.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Pray without ceasing, say all you can to God and lay all your difficulties before him. He’ll take away your tears and make a way where there seems to be none. Wake up and do it!
Tite Kubo, Bleach―ブリーチ― 46 [Burīchi 46]|Truth only exists for those who cling to it."Sosuke Aizen
Matshona Dhliwayo|If an eagle is teaching you to fly, ignore the advice of turkeys.
Phyllis Reynolds Naylor, Now I'll Tell You Everything|You could be the ugliest, nastiest most miserable piece of shit known to man, but if you had a beating heart there was always a chance you'd turn into a diamond after a million years.
Pat Summitt|But you know, my dad called me the laziest white kid he ever met. When I screamed back at him that he was putting down a race of people to call me lazy, his answer was that's not what he was doing, and that I was also the dumbest white kid he ever met.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|Sleep came on him as a thief, consciousness stolen like a forgotten coin from his pocket.
Nick Hornby, Fever Pitch|I fell in love with football as I was later to fall in love with women: suddenly, inexplicably, uncritically, giving no thought to the pain or disruption it would bring with it.
George MacDonald, Mary Marston|The clouds were gathering over Mary, too--deep and dark, but of altogether another kind from those that enveloped Letty: no troubles are for one moment to be compared with those that come of the wrongness, even if it be not wickedness, that is our own. Some clouds rise from stagnant bogs and fens; others from the wide, clean, large ocean. But either kind, thank God, will serve the angels to come down by. In the old stories of celestial visitants the clouds do much; and it is oftenest of all down the misty slope of griefs and pains and fears, that the most powerful joy slides into the hearts of men and women and children.
Anna White, Mended: Thoughts on Life, Love, and Leaps of Faith|No, on the outside view there was nothing for anyone to notice about me. I remained one pillar of a trinity, another pillar was lying only temporarily (temporarily! temporarily! temporarily!) in the hospital, I was the pilot of a three-engine aircraft, one of whose engines had stalled: there is no reason to panic, this is not a crash landing, the pilot has thousands of flight hours behind him, he will land the plane safely on the ground.
Walter Payton|The best clubs in the world are always the clubs where you have a variety of people. Like, you have the crazy people, you have the nicely dressed people, you have the office people, you have the regular guys - that makes it fun.
Terry Pratchett|The people who establish the laws, acts, and regulations already did the tedious work; the rest of the process is just putting the “Credit Acts into Action.” - The Credit Repair Book: The Credit Repair Company's Secret Weapon.
Eda J. Vor, Lay Her Ghosts to Rest|It is perhaps rather fine, after all, being dead. Highly underrated in the modern western world.
ABC|Behind every successful man,there isn't just a woman but a prayerful and hard working woman.If not every married man would be successful
Ally Carter, I'd Tell You I Love You, But Then I'd Have to Kill You|Unusual financial activity: none, unless you count the fact that someone in the family is way too into Civil War biographies. (Can this be a possible indication of Confederate insurgents still living and working in Virginia? Must research further.)
Galileo Galilei|Evolutionarily speaking, love is all about procreation.
Tim Howard|Boxing is individual, although there's a team concept because you need a great corner, you need a great trainer, you need a great prep man, you need all of these things, but it's more of a Mano a Mano; it's more you versus me. I miss that time in training camp and Dad and Mom cooking meals. It was one big family.
Margaret Atwood, Cat's Eye|Healthy surrender means allowing yourself to "be" rather than being in a constant state of want.
Krishna Udayasankar, Kurukshetra|Noble though it may be, our way of life is nothing but servitude. It does not take long for servitude to turn to subjugation.– Shikandin Draupada
Todd Stocker, Refined: Turning Pain Into Purpose|The real heroes anyway aren't the people doing things; the real heroes are the people NOTICING things, paying attention. The guy who invented the smallpox vaccine didn't actually invent anything. He just noticed that people with cowpox didn't get smallpox.
Andy Crouch, Culture Making: Recovering Our Creative Calling|She took his finger and placed a small kiss on the end of it. “You’re just full of surprises, Taggart.” She saw him give her a very pleased male smile.	“Stick around, Darlin’, there’s more to me than meets your eyes.”	“Should I be afraid?
Anne Sexton, Selected Poems|I would start with four fingers of Jack in a thick mug, with a sweating Budweiser back, and by midnight I would be alone at the end of the bar, armed, drunk, and hunched over my glass, morally and psychologically insane.
Louisa  Reid, Black Heart Blue|It's amazing, the increase in grammatical errors in proportion to the level of hatred in the content of hate mail.
Edward Hirsch|Poetry is meant to inspire readers and listeners, to connect them more deeply to themselves even as it links them more fully to others. But many people feel put off by the terms of poetry, its odd vocabulary, its notorious difficulty.
Rick Remender, Tokyo Ghost, Vol. 1: Atomic Garden|When the great sixteenth-century Ottoman architect Sinan would start building a new mosque, he would make sure both the design and the project were in harmony with the city's history and the city's spirit [Jehane Noujaim, "Tahrir Square, Cairo: Lost and Found in the Square"].
William Shakespeare, Hamlet|We've all heard that a million monkeys banging on a million typewriters will eventually reproduce the entire works of Shakespeare. Now, thanks to the Internet, we know this is not true.
Maya Angelou|Each time a woman stands up for herself, without knowing it possibly, without claiming it, she stands up for all women.
Honoré de Balzac, Père Goriot|Was she acting entirely consciously? No: women are always sincere, even in the midst of their most shocking duplicities, because it is always some natural emotion which dominates them. Perhaps, having given this young man such a hold on her, by having openly demonstrated her affection for him, Delphine was merely responding to a sense of personal dignity, which led her either to revoke any concessions she might have made or, at least, to enjoy suspending them. Even at the very moment when passion seizes her, it is perfectly natural for a Parisian woman to delay her final fall, as a way of testing the heart of the man into whose hands she is about to deliver herself and her future!
Jonathan Harnisch, Second Alibi: The Banality of Life|The drug I take is called schizophrenia, among other labels, which I desperately want to put away. I want to put the drug of schizophrenia down, and I want to put down the stigma surrounding its label.
Sophie Oak, Bound|Little Marjorie was born an only child some forty years ago. She had lost her mother at a young age and her father never remarried. All her life she had been cursed with the need for her ‘coke-bottle’ glasses with the practical over-sized frames. And then there was the unfortunate appearance of her protruding front teeth. She had always been a slight child, but when children begin to grow into young men and women, slight becomes scrawny and her lack of fashion-sense and self-worth had sealed her social fate. Marjorie had never gone to Prom, nor any dance for that matter, and when the boys chose mates and began the next phase of the great circle of life…little Marjorie Morningstar had not been included. --From The Great Northern Coven
Craig D. Lounsbrough|God’s genius is as wide as the cosmos, while by comparison our intelligence can find room on the head of a pin.
Achmat Dangor, Bitter Fruit|I am telling you that the child will not out live the buildings. Do you understand that wheras women may touch the immortal by giving birth, men--great men-- must build monuments and seek fame?
Laura Kreitzer, Key of Pearl|Mmm.” Sebastian moaned. “It’s so delicious.” He laughed then. “It’s not the Poisonous Desert; it’s the Oreo Desert.” He scooped up handfuls of dirt and stones and funneled it into his mouth. He licked his palms, his teeth grinding against rock.“Did the plant scramble his brains?” Firen asked, her lips twitching just a smidgen.“The plant’s poison makes you delusional,” Gabriella informed as Egnatious and Firen yanked Sebastian to his feet. “He’ll probably be a bit Looneyville for a while.
Marilynne Robinson, Gilead|His lovely wife tends her zinnias in the mild morning light and his find young man comes fondly mishandling that perpetually lost sheep of a cat, Soapy, once more back from perdition for the time being, to what would have been general rejoicing.
Shannon L. Alder|Never stop developing and perfecting your abilities, even if you have already achievedsignificant, visible results.
Bree Despain, The Dark Divine|Why not? It's true. My best hope is to not disgrace myself and..." He hesitates.And what?" I say.I don't know how to say it exactly. Only... I want to die as myself. Does that make any sense?" he asks. I shake my head. How could he die as anyone but himself? "I don't want them to change me in there. Turn me into some kind of monster that I'm not."I bite my lip feeling inferior. While I've been ruminating on the availability of trees, Peeta has been struggling with how to maintain his identity. His purity of self. "Do you mean you won't kill anyone?" I ask.No, when the time comes, I'm sure I'll kill just like everybody else. I can't go down without a fight. Only I keep wishing I could think of a way to... to show the Capitol they don't own me. That I'm more than just a piece in their Games," says Peeta.But you're not," I say. "None of us are. That's how the Games work."Okay, but within that frame work, there's still you, there's still me," he insists. "Don't you see?"A little, Only... no offense, but who cares, Peeta?" I say.I do. I mean what else am I allowed to care about at this point?" he asks angrily. He's locked those blue eyes on mine now, demanding an answer.
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway To Christmas: Soulfully Inspiring You in the Days Leading Up to Christmas and Beyond!|I have written this book to encourage women to dream big, forge a path through the obstacles, and achieve their full potential. I am hoping that each woman will set her own goals and reach for them with gusto. And I am hoping that each man will do his part to support women in the workplace and in the home, also with gusto. As we start using the talents of the entire population, our institutions will be more productive, our homes will be happier, and the children growing up in those homes will no longer be held back by narrow stereotypes.
A.A. Milne|How does one become butterfly?' Pooh asked pensively.'You must want to fly so much that you are willing to give up being a caterpillar,' Piglet replied.'You mean to die?' asked Pooh.'Yes and no,' he answered. 'What looks like you will die, but what's really you will live on.
Nimrat Kaur|A lot of the scripts I read and the characters I get are 'the girl' in romantic films, and I don't know how comfortable I am, or the world is, with me being that.
E. M. Cioran|If each of us were to confess his most secret desire  the one that inspires all his plans  all his actions  he would say: "I want to be praised."
Victoria Addino|The amount of time an individual may spend pondering over what his neighbor has and what he does not, is equivalent to the amount of time the individual has lost in becoming an equal to his neighbors.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|I filled the song with everything I wished I could teach him about life. I tried to reassure him with every line about how the world is hard and unfair sometimes, but that it's all OK beacuse he is so loved. He is surrounded by souls who would do anything to help him. And not only that- he has wisdom and patience of his own, buried deep inside his being, which will only reveal themselves over time and will always carry him through any trial. He is a gift from God to all of us.
Scarlett Avery, Total Abandonment|I write erotica: sexy, raunchy fiction with the goal of getting your mind tuned in and your body turned on! Looking forward to sharing my steamy stories!
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|There is no escape from justice, nothing can be unearned and unpaid for in the universe, neither in matter nor in spirit—and if the guilty do not pay, then the innocent have to pay it.
Mahatma Gandhi|There is no 'way to peace,' there is only 'peace.
Christopher Poindexter, Naked Human|give me the worldbut for Christ's sake,do not sugercoat it.give me it rawand gleaming withtruth.i want the madnessto twirl me around untili can no longer stand.i refuse to be drunkon a soft world.the world is cruel,my love,you must understandthat,but in that understandingyou must understand this,too, just because it is crueldoes not mean it is notbeautiful.
Susan C. Young|Reconnect to what makes you happy and brings you Joy. If there is something that used to make you happy which you have stopped doing, do it again. Seek to find deeper meaning and significance rather than living on the surface.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|In the meantime the strike is over, with a remarkably low loss of life. All is quiet, they report, all is quiet.In the deserted harbour there is yet water that laps against the quays. In the dark and silent forest there is a leaf that falls. Behind the polished panelling the white ant eats away the wood. Nothing is ever quiet, except for fools.
John Cornforth|Consumer technology and medical tools have been created to benefit our daily lives. Without self-regulation, though, the industry could be at risk of potentially halting years of innovation and stunting growth in this field.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Happy is he who marries the woman he wants, happier is he who marries the woman he needs, and happiest is he who marries the woman he wants and needs.
Claire Keegan|There's a big moon shining on the yard, chalking our way onto the lane and along the road. Kinsella takes my hand in his.As soon as he takes it, I realise my father has never once held my hand, and some part of me wants Kinsella to let me go so I won't have to feel this.It's a hard feeling but as we walk along I begin to settle and let the difference between my life at home and the one I have here be.He takes small steps so we can walk in time. I think about the woman in the cottage, of how she walked and spoke, and conclude that there are huge differences between people.
Michael Jackson|But I've never felt that being an actress is being in a comfortable place. It's seen from the outside that we're being driven in big cars and having these gorgeous suites and all of that. But come on, it's not about that.
Mal Peet|I went on an audition once for a show, and the feedback was to play an angry teen. My agent convinced me to try out. I was really bitter for a while, because it sucks when you don't get good scripts after working on good quality.
Cathy Burnham Martin, The Bimbo Has Brains: And Other Freaky Facts|Most single people are sick of married people presenting themselves as both available and interested, when indeed they are merely “playing.” Oh, yeah… and cheating. Gee, that is attractive. Not! Others could not care less what someone’s marital status might be.
James David Lewis-Williams, The Mind in the Cave: Consciousness and the Origins of Art|To understand the ‘wounded men’ of Upper Palaeolithic art, I now consider somatic hallucinations; these include attenuation of the body and limbs, polymelia (having extra limbs or digits), and, the one on which I focus, pricking and stabbing sensations.
Joyce Rachelle|Books. It's always easier to tell people that a character is funny rather than attempt to hit the punchline of a joke that character would've said. But if we all simply told, books would cease to exist. And so would empathy. And feeling.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Together, we can serve humanity with our unique passions, gifts and abilities.
Marissa Mayer|The great living experience for every man is his adventure into the woman. The man embraces in the woman all that is not himself, and from that one resultant, from that embrace, comes every new action.
Hubert Martin|I wear my past around my shoulders as a fine, but worn, cloak. Don't be fooled by my cloak's appearance, I have a three piece underneath.
Haruki Murakami, Blind Willow, Sleeping Woman|With each passing moment I'm becoming part of the past. There is no future for me, just the past steadily accumulating.
Jessica Simpson|Akshay's idea of a romantic date is a six-kilometre jog, followed by 500 crunches... together! Eeeeks!
John Legend|It's always been such a big part of my life to be fit and healthy and be outside and run and play sports. It gives me energy. Sometimes, I have these days where I don't do anything because I have the days off, and I just need to relax, and I actually get more tired.
Diana Wynne Jones|And indeed if you think you're a genius at something what you achieve is very much according to your expectations; if you think you're no good, you're not going to get anywhere.
Stephen Hawking|The bottom line is, I'm blessed with good health. On top of that, I don't go around thinking 'Oh, I'm 90, I better do this or I better do that.' I'm just Betty. I'm the same Betty that I've always been. Take it or leave it.
Debasish Mridha|Listen to the whisper of the ocean. See the beauty of her crystal blue eyes. Enjoy the hug of her warm, joyful and dancing beauty. Feel her deep driving desire in her waves.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|People talk about how wonderful the world must seem to children, and that's true enough. But children think they will grow into it and understand it, and I know very well that I will not, and would not if I had a dozen lives. That's clearer to me every day. Each morning I am like Adam waking up in Eden, amazed at the cleverness of my hands and at the brilliance pouring into my mind through my eyes.
Terry Pratchett|You cannot hear the name Martin Luther King, Jr., and not think of death. You might hear the words 'I have a dream,' but they will doubtlessly only serve to underscore an image of a simple motel balcony, a large man made small, a pool of blood. For as famous as he may have been in life, it is - and was - death that ultimately defined him.
Helen Mirren|I, for one, would think both about how far we have come as a country and how much further we need to go to erase racism and discrimination from our society.
Richard Skelton|I hope I never figure out who broke your heart and if I do, if I do. I'd spend all night losing sleep. I'd spend the night and I'd lose my mind. Well I'd spend the night and I'd lose my mind.
Steven Spielberg|In this industry, you have to have passion. It's tough; there's no mercy. But I just love cars - I love to bring a new car to market. And every time I do this, it gets a little easier.
Zany Madcap|Teaching kids is like a 5 year old box of chocolates: You never know what you're gonna get, but you can bet your ass it ain't gonna be good.
Rachel Hartman, Shadow Scale|Everybody, professors and students and Proctors the same, knew that if the sign said 'do not walk on the grass', one hopped. Anybody who didn't had failed to understand what Oxford was.
Filippo Bologna, The Parrots|I liked to put young and old in the same room, because they would certainly have different takes on the same problem.
E.M. Forster, Howards End|Language is a poor thing. You fill your lungs with wind and shake a little slit in your throat, and make mouths, and that shakes the air; and the air shakes a pair of little drums in my head—a very complicated arrangement, with lots of bones behind—and my brain seizes your meaning in the rough. What a roundabout way, and what a waste of time.
Mensah Oteh|You are perfect, not tomorrow, not in the future, but today.
Zeena Schreck|There are Tantrics who deliberately seek to do more active forms of renunciation, so transgression of social norms and breaking of taboo, and breaking of social taboos especially, is a form of renunciation.
Douglas Alexander|If there's one organization in the United States that could work on its communication skills, it's the military.
Thomas Pynchon, Gravity's Rainbow|Sometimes things aren't very clear, that's all. Things look like they're going against us, and though it always turns out fine in the end, and we can always look back and say oh of course it had to happen that way, otherwise so-and-so wouldn't have happened--still while it's happening, in my heart I keep getting this terrible fear, this empty place, and it's very hard at such times really to believe in a Plan with a shape bigger than I can see...
Jason Robert Brown|If you're looking for ways of getting quick communication, maybe texting is the way to go. People can't walk these days without having one hand balancing a smart phone. If that's the way people are going to live, it is the case that something that vibrates in their hand is going to get their attention more quickly than an email.
E.L. James, Fifty Shades of Grey|I'm William, but you can call me Sexy. Everyone does.
Michael Monroe, Afterlife|As far as I know, there’s nothing more dangerous than a man who doesn’t care if he lives or dies.
Pope Pius XII|Beauty is not the goal of competitive sports, but high-level sports are a prime venue for the expression of human beauty. The relation is roughly that of courage to war.The human beauty we're talking about here is beauty of a particular type; it might be called kinetic beauty. Its power and appeal are universal. It has nothing to do with sex or cultural norms. What it seems to have to do with, really, is human beings' reconciliation with the fact of having a body.
Nick Hornby, High Fidelity|It would be nice to think that as I've got older times have changed, relationships have become more sophisticated, females less cruel, skins thicker, reactions sharper, instincts more developed. But there still seems to be an element of that evening in everything that happened to me since; all my other romantic stories seem to be a scrambled version of that first one. Of course, I have never had to take that long walk again, and my ears have not burned with quite the same fury, and I have never had to count the packs of cheap cigarettes in order to avoid mocking eyes and floods of tears... not really, not actually, not as such. It just feels that way, sometimes.
Shah Rukh Khan|When you make a film, if you are an insider, you're usually the last person to know that your film is not right. But when you are an outsider, you have a little more objectivity.I think a part of my success is that I am naturally objective. I am not an insider.In many ways, Anupama is the same.Foreword, First Day First Show
Kristine McGuire, Escaping the Cauldron: Exposing occult influences in everyday life|You are no longer a weak, susceptible human. You are Shaede, deadly and cunning. Never bow to that mortal weakness again.
Graham Greene, Orient Express|When there was a choice between love of a woman and hate of a man, her mind could cherish only one emotion, for her love might be a subject for laughter, but no one ever had ever mocked her hatred.
Alexander McQueen|President Obama called for a 'we' nation in his Inauguration Address. Art convenes. It is not just inspirational. It is aspirational. It pricks the walls of our compartmentalized minds, opens our hearts and makes us brave. And that's what we need most in our country today.
Reem Acra|The Queen's wedding dress in 1947, there was some embroidery on the train which was definitely there to illustrate new dawn/post-war optimism, that sort of thing.
Joss Whedon|Equality is not a concept. It's not something we should be striving for. It's a necessity. Equality is like gravity. We need it to stand on this earth as men and women, and the misogyny that is in every culture is not a true part of the human condition. It is life out of balance, and that imbalance is sucking something out of the soul of every man and woman who's confronted with it. We need equality. Kinda now.
David Millar, Racing Through the Dark|We listened, as all boys in their better moods will listen (ay, and men too for the matter of that), to a man whom we felt to be, with all his heart and soul and strength, striving against whatever was mean and unmanly and unrighteous in our little world. It was not the cold, clear voice of one giving advice and warning from serene heights to those who were struggling and sinning below, but the warm, living voice of one who was fighting for us and by our sides, and calling on us to help him and ourselves and one another.
Naomi Murakawa, The First Civil Right: How Liberals Built Prison America|No, there is plenty wrong with Negroes. They have no society. They’re robots, automatons. No minds of their own. I hate to say that about us, but it’s the truth. They are a black body with a white brain.
Sandy DeLuca, Manhattan Grimoire|It feels as though Tony's a ghost, a wisp of someone I once loved, or never loved at all and thought was someone else. I don't feel anything, not even when he fucks me. I wonder if he knows. I wonder if he believes I still want him. I always tell myself it's the last time, but I don't leave. i exist instead inside this shell of a life we've created.
Pella Grace, Knock Love Out|An artist, if you’d really like to know who’s fucking your wife.
Quraysh Ali Lansana & Georgia A. Popoff|Words are power. The more words you know and can recognize, use, define, understand, the more power you will have as a human being... The more language you know, the more likely it is that no one can get over on you."selection from book: Our Difficult Sunlight: A Guide to Poetry, Literacy & Social Justice in Classroom & Community
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Yet one had ancestors in literature as well as in one’s own race, nearer perhaps in type and temperament, many of them, and certainly with an influence of which one was more absolutely conscious. There were times when it appeared to Dorian Gray that the whole of history was merely the record of his own life, not as he had lived in act and circumstance, but as his imagination had created it for him, as if it had been in his brain and in his passions. He felt that he had known them all, those strange terrible figures that had passed across the stage of the world and made sin so marvellous and evil so full of subtlety. It seemed to him that in some mysterious way their lives had been his own.
Kathy Frias, Rumors of Eden|Meeting a vampire is kind of like a celebrity sighting, but where the celebrity possibly wants to kill you.
Barry Unsworth, Sacred Hunger|The kind of truth that can be asserted by argument had lost all glamour, all lustre, for him, seeming no more now than another aspect of that ancient urge - much older than the desire for truth - to command attention, dominate one's fellows.
K.A. Hill, The Winners' Guide|Take one child, limitless dreams, unlimited potential, pure innocence and a sponge-like brain. Force them by law to spend at least ten years of their precious youth being force-fed the most useless information. Constantly reminding them that they’re only as good as their grades in a system that teaches useless mind-numbing subjects and claims to confirm our intellect with repetition and random memory tests. I didn’t give a flying fuck about the square route of the number nine or the speed of sound; I just so desperately wanted to know the basics. Happiness, love, the things that we need in our lives; the things that help us to find confidence in ourselves, our ability and our dreams.
Neal A. Maxwell|Perseverance means to continue in a given course until we have reached a goal or objective, regardless of obstacles, opposition, and other counterinfluences...Perseverance is a positive, active characteristic...It gives us hope by helping us realize that the righteous suffer no failure except in giving up and no longer trying.
Wyclef Jean|The finest workers in stone are not copper or steel tools, but the gentle touches of air and water working at their leisure with a liberal allowance of time.
John Kuypers, What's Important Now: Shedding The Past So You Can Live In The Present|When you are authentic without an intent to harm others, you give yourself an awesome feeling which is the feeling of self-love.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|I do not have a problem with people killing themselves, as long as they took at least a hundred years to think about what they are about to do.
ShahenshahHK|Buying & selling is not a process, but a story, the base of this story is “need”. Need arising out of necessity or a feeling to own / experience that product / service. The customer narrates the base (need) of the story, but how well the story develops is left to the storytelling (sales pitch) skills of salesperson, sometimes the storytelling leaves such an impression that the customer has no choice but to be a part of that story.
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|Her father kneels and unclasps the urn. Above the waves she falls graceful as snow, my sister, my Sonora.
Osayi Emokpae Lasisi, Because You Deserve Love|Hold on to the thought that no emotion lasts forever, no matter how wonderful or how terrible the emotion may be. The tears may last a little longer than you would like, but it will get better. I promise.
Yogi Berra|I believe in soulmates, yes, but I believe you also have to work at love. I happen to believe your soulmate doesn't have to be your partner - your soulmate could be your best friend, your sibling, it doesn't have to be the person you marry.
Mark Twain|Let us not seek the Republican answer or the Democratic answer, but the right answer. Let us not seek to fix the blame for the past. Let us accept our own responsibility for the future.
1 Minuto na Palma da Mão|Past, of not being able to change. Future, of not being able to predict. Now, to be transformed into a better past and a prosperous future.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Invincible|i'm only human, & inadequacy is what makes us human, & if we was perfect we wdnt have nothin to strive for, so you might as well go on & forgive me pretty baby, cause i'm sorry
José Rizal, El Filibusterismo|Independence was as far as his mind could reach. Yet I think his mind groped further, towards what he could not see, the body's obscure, inalterable dream of mutuality.
Helen Fielding, Bridget Jones's Diary|She's wearing the same red and yellow BAM! T-shirt from before, which means (a) she slept in, (b) she owns several identical T-shirts, or (c) she's a cartoon character—all of which are appealing alternatives.
Thomas Paine|It's one of the great temptations, you see--wanting to prove the strength of your own faith by making others believe what you believe. It shows you're right.  But it doesn't prove anything of the sort. All it proves is that you're condescending and arrogant and good at doing what half-decent actors can do, or advertising agents, or pop stars, or politicians, or con men, or any of the professional persuaders. They sell illusions. And that's all they do. And they feel good when they succeed. That's what their lives depend on. Which isn't true about religion. Or shouldn't be. Your belief shouldn't depend on what other people think about it. And it certainly should not depend on whether other people believe the same as you.
Philip Pullman|They made a science out of people?" she said. "What a crazy science that must be."--"Mr. Z
Hanif Kureishi, Intimacy|That night we push our cots just a little closer together, and look into each other's eyes in the moments before we fall asleep. When he finally drifts off, our fingers are twisted together in the space between the beds.I smile a little, and let myself go.
Upamanyu Chatterjee, English, August: An Indian Story|In his essay,Agastya had said that his real ambition was to be a domesticated male stray dog because they lived the best life.They were assured of food,and because they were stray they didn't have to guard a house or beg or shake paws or fetch trifles or be clean or anything similarly meaningless to earn their food.They were servile and sycophantic when hungry;once fed,and before sleep,they wagged their tails perfunctorily whenever their hosts passes,as an investment for future meals.A stray dog was free,he slept a lot,barked unexpectedly and only when he wanted to,and got a lot of sex.
Douglas Adams|The universe is a pretty big place. If it's just us, seems like an awful waste of space.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|There is a commanded blessing on anyone that values, esteems and stands for justice in society.
Char Sharp, The Kiss of Life|It's a really nice house..."	"Yeah, full of booby traps and cameras and little robots that pop out of the closets at night and murder you in your sleep."	She burst out laughing. "Good point.
Paulo Coelho, Eleven Minutes|I promise nothing complete; because any human thing supposed to be complete, must not for that very reason infallibly be faulty.
Ernst Jünger, Eumeswil|I looked westward and marveled that, somewhere over those mountains, Kabul still existed. It really existed, not just as an old memory, or as the heading of an AP story on page 15 of the San Francisco Chronicle.
Jojo Moyes, Me Before You|Only you, Will Traynor, could tell a woman how to wear a bloody dress.
Hilary McKay, Saffy's Angel|He had a charm about him sometimes, a warmth that was irresistible, like sunshine. He planted Saffy triumphantly on the pavement, opened the taxi door, slung in his bag, gave a huge film-star wave, called, "All right, Peter? Good weekend?" to the taxi driver, who knew him well and considered him a lovely man, and was free."Back to the hard life," he said to Peter, and stretched out his legs.Back to the real life, he meant. The real world where there were no children lurking under tables, no wives wiping their noses on the ironing, no guinea pigs on the lawn, nor hamsters in the bedrooms, and no paper bags full of leaking tomato sandwiches.
Kathryn Craft, The Art of Falling|It's weird, all you think about when you're young is gaining your independence, but when those final hours come, people want to go home.
George Harrison, I, Me, Mine|The moon in all her immaculate purity hung in the sky, laughing at this world of dust. She congratulated me for my carefully considered maneuvers and invited me to share in her eternal solitude.
Ayn Rand|In any compromise between food and poison, it is only death that can win. In any compromise between good and evil, it is only evil that can profit.
Laura L. Sullivan, Love by the Morning Star|If your attitudes are good, then your world will be better.
Paul Stamets, Mycelium Running: How Mushrooms Can Help Save the World|I believe that mycelium is the neurological network of nature. Interlacing mosaics of mycelium infuse habitats with information-sharing membranes. These membranes are aware, react to change, and collectively have the long-term health of the host environment in mind. The mycelium stays in constant molecular communication with its environment, devising diverse enzymatic and chemical responses to complex challenges.
Bertrand Russell, История западной философии|Следует признать, что имеется определенный тип христианской этики, к которому осуждающая критика Ницше может быть применена справедливо. Паскаль и Достоевский, которых он сам приводит в качестве примера, – оба имеют что-то жалкое в своей добродетели. Паскаль принес в жертву своему Богу великолепный математический ум, тем самым приписывая Богу жестокость, которая является космическим расширением болезненных душевных мук самого Паскаля. Достоевский не желал иметь ничего общего с «личной гордостью»; он согрешил бы, чтобы покаяться и испытать наслаждение исповеди. Я не стану обсуждать вопрос, насколько в таких помрачениях ума следует обвинять христианство, но я согласен с Ницше, считая прострацию Достоевского презренной. Я должен согласиться и с тем, что прямота и гордость и даже некоторое самоутверждение являются элементами самого лучшего характера. Нельзя восхищаться добродетелью, в основе которой лежит страх.
John C. Maxwell|Every person has a longing to be significant, to make a contribution, to be a part of something noble and purposeful.
E.B. White, The Trumpet of the Swan|Tonight I heard Louis's horn. My father heard it, too. The wind was right, and I could hear the notes of taps, just as darkness fell. There is nothing in all the world I like better than the trumpet of the swan.
Jacqueline LaTourrette|Goddammit! How does the world keep spinning with women on the planet?"Ian St. John in THE POMPEII SCROLL
Kate White, I Shouldn't Be Telling You This: Success Secrets Every Gutsy Girl Should Know|Schedule a sit-down with your direct boss and establish what she expects you to be focusing on in the first days and weeks of the job. Take written notes and determine—this is especially important—what your deadlines are. … Then be sure to request feedback about how you’re doing. A few weeks after you’ve started, schedule another meeting with your boss. Don’t say, “Am I doing okay?” Say, “I’m really enjoying my job. Are there any suggestions you’d offer?
Nanette Mathews|Meditation is about mindfulness and learning to strip away the illusion, revealing your authentic self and connectedness to everything and everyone.
Michael Crichton, Congo|Management is, above all, a practice where art, science, and craft meet
Alexander Zalan|Sixty years of virginity tried in vain to dam the waters of instinct as they burst through the granite of good intentions,the rock of irreproachablee conduct.
Evangeline Lilly|If you think back to the first sporting event you went to, you don't remember the score, you don't remember a home run, you don't remember a dunk. You remember who you were with. Were you with your mom, your dad, your brother, on a date?
Sunday Adelaja|If we claim to know God, let’s reveal Him. If we say we are his servants, let’s carry Him
Anne Brontë, The Tenant of Wildfell Hall|When I tell you not to marry without love, I do not advise you to marry for love alone - there are many, many other things to be considered.
Guru Nanak|Seek happiness for its own sake, and you will not find it; seek for duty, and happiness will follow as the shadow comes with the sunshine.
Sarah Dessen, What Happened to Goodbye|I felt tears prick my eyes as I looked down at the model again, looking at that girl and boy on the curb. Forever in that place, together.
Yaganesh Derasari|Saying I love you isn't hard, but meaning it is.” he kisses me softly, moaning against my lips. “Loving you is the easiest thing to do on this earth, Trinity Parker.
W.N.P. Barbellion, The Journal of a Disappointed Man|Youth is an intoxication without wine, someone says. Life is an intoxication. The only sober man is the melancholiac, who, disenchanted, looks at life, sees it as it really is, and cuts his throat. If this be so, I want to be very drunk. The great thing is to live, to clutch at our existence and race away with it in some great and enthralling pursuit. Above all, I must beware of all ultimate questions- they are too maddeningly unanswerable- let me eschew philosophy and burn Omar.
luvic|Express Yourself to Design your Life, you are here to "be you" not someone else...
Kristi Bowman|The more we see ourselves as a vibrant, successful, inspiring person who boldly declares and manifests her vision, the more we become just that.
Calvin W. Allison, Standing at the Top of the Hill|O guide my judgment and my taste,Sweet Spirit, author of the bookOf wonders, told in language chasteAnd plainness, not to be mistook. O let me muse, and yet at sightThe page admire, the page believe;"Let there be light, and there was light,Let there be Paradise and Eve!"Who his soul's rapture can refrain?At Joseph's ever pleasing taleOf marvels, the prodigious train,To Sinai's hill from Goshen's vale.The psalmist and proverbial seer,And all the prophets sons of song,Make all things precious, all things dear,And bear the brilliant word along. O take the book from off the shelf,And con it meekly on thy knees;Best panegyric on itself,And self-avouch'd to teach and please.Respect, adore it heart and mind.How greatly sweet, how sweetly grand,Who reads the most, is most refind'd,And polish'd by the Master's hand.
Harrish Sairaman|I have reached this destinationAfter walking through miles and miles;See also my bruised feet,Don’t always go after my smiles…
Arinn Dembo|If you're going to be a narcissistic schmuck, kid, don't bother studying Faulkner. Go straight to Brett Easton Ellis. He's the role model you need.
Elizabeth Berg, Home Safe|I just want to say one thing. If I ever write a novel again, it's going to be in defense of weak women, inept and codependent women. I'm going to talk about all the great movies and songs and poetry that focus on such women. I'm going to toast Blanche DuBois. I'm going to celebrate women who aren't afraid to show their need and their vulnerabilities. To be honest about how hard it can be to plow your way through a life that offers no guarantees about anything. I'm going to get on my metaphorical knees and thank women who fall apart, who cry and carry on and wail and wring their hands because you know what, Midge? We all need to cry. Thank God for women who can articulate their vulnerabilities and express what probably a lot of other people want to say and feel they can't. Those peoples' stronghold against falling apart themselves is the disdain they feel for women who do it for them. Strong. I'm starting to think that's as much a party line as anything else ever handed to women for their assigned roles. When do we get respect for our differences from men? Our strength is our weakness. Our ability to feel is our humanity. You know what? I'll bet if you talk to a hundred strong women, 99 of them would say 'I'm sick of being strong. I would like to be cared for. I would like someone else to make the goddamn decisions, I'm sick of making decisions.' I know this one woman who's a beacon of strength. A single mother who can do everything - even more than you, Midge. I ran into her not long ago and we went and got a coffee and you know what she told me? She told me that when she goes out to dinner with her guy, she asks him to order everything for her. Every single thing, drink to dessert. Because she just wants to unhitch. All of us dependent, weak women have the courage to do all the time what she can only do in a restaurant.
Niels Bohr|The truth will set you free, but first it will make you miserable.
