Rick Riordan, The Dark Prophecy|Ever since my famous battle with Python, I've had a phobia of scaly reptilian creatures. (Especially if you include my stepmother, Hera. BOOM!)
Dada Bhagwan|Many people suffer great miseries but if you ask them in front of others, 'you went through great difficulty, didn't you?', then they will respond, 'no, no I didn't have any suffering'. Then they feel happy. So what kind of ‘egoism’ should one do? During times of sorrow, one should do the ‘egoism’ of happiness such that 'no one is happier than I!' People in general do the ‘egoism’ of sorrow at the time of happiness.
Virginia Woolf, Mrs. Dalloway|Dependability, integrity, the characteristic of never knowingly doing anything wrong, that you would never cheat anyone, that you would give everybody a fair deal. Character is a sort of an all-inclusive thing. If a man has character, everyone has confidence in him.
Jared Polis|My mother was a terrific force in my life. Wartime-generation woman, hadn't gone to university but should have done. Was very funny, very verbal, very clever, very witty.
Ron Fournier|I have rage and anger issues. So I get mad about stuff in real life, and then I yell about it onstage, and luckily, something funny ends up coming out. What I'll do is tape-record it, and it will end up coming out even funnier. And I add more punch lines.
Robert Fulghum|In true dialogue, both sides are willing to change.
Raymond E. Feist, Honored Enemy|An old Celtic proverb boldly places death right at the center of life. ‘Death is the middle of a long life,’ they used to say. Ancient people did things like that; they put death at the center instead of casting it out of sight and leaving such an important subject until the last possible moment. Of course, they lived close to nature and couldn’t help but see how the forest grew from fallen trees and how death seemed to replenish life from fallen members. Only the unwise and the overly fearful think that death is the blind enemy of life.
M.F. Moonzajer|Surprisingly, I came closer to really knowing myself, not because I feared death, because we were always aware of it, but rather because I was always challenging myself about what had led me there and about how strong my commitment really was.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, An Autumn's Journey: Deep Growth in the Grief and Loss of Life's Seasons|At the bottom of freshly dug holes, I bury my problems alongside the waxen seeds.
Fred Barnett|The dark-haired clothes horse, who generally meant well, was a dufus, but he was family
Jesse Ventura|My position is that it isn't government's job to mandate patriotism. To me, mandating a pledge of allegiance to a government is something Saddam Hussein would do.
Scott Westerfeld, Uglies|Sir, this lane is for ten items or less. I’m counting thirteen items in your cart, including that hemorrhoid cream. And while hemorrhoids might give you a reason to be nasty, they don’t give you a reason to be in this lane.
Roxanne Snopek, Saving the Sheriff|At this very moment with my girl in my arms, I feel like there’s nothing I can’t do for her, for us. — Duke
John Krasinski|I feel like I've always had a sordid sense of humor, and it's only gotten more twisted as I've gotten older.
Stephen King|Writing does not cause misery, it is born of misery.
Zhang  Yun, Understand God's Word - Walk in the Truth|The Church expected the Second Coming of Christ immediately. The converts had known a first coming. And then? And then! That was the trouble — the then. He had come, and they adored and believed, they communicated and practiced, and waited. The then lasted, and there seemed to be no farther equivalent Now. Time became the individual and catholic problem. The Church had to become as universal and as durable — as time.
Naomi Levy, To Begin Again: The Journey Toward Comfort, Strength, and Faith in Difficult Times|Sometimes when we’re suffering we feel as if we have been singled out. We wonder why God has picked on us. But my life as the rabbi of a small synagogue taught me that if that’s what we think, we are mistaken. We are never alone in our suffering. Scratch the surface of any family, any social gathering, any congregation, and you will find loss and pain there. We may not always be privy to the pain, but it is there just the same. If we had the power to peer inside the heart of any human being, we would uncover there a silent anguish.
Frank Herbert, Dune|When religion and politics travel in the same cart, the riders believe nothing can stand in their way. Their movements become headlong - faster and faster and faster. They put aside all thoughts of obstacles and forget the precipice does not show itself to the man in a blind rush until it's too late.
Constance Savery|I am not a fairy godmother or anything of that sort, but I hope to give you a happy home and a good education, and to send you out into the world true, brave, generous men, prepared to serve God truly all the days of your life."~Aunt Persis
Deyth Banger|Demons were all about ego, which meant that most demons had some kind of title. I think it made them feel better about their tiny…pitchforks.
Sara Sheridan, British Bulldog|Flora took pleasure in the delicacy of her approach and studied the ways of the smallest, sweetest blooms she could find, tiny pimpernels and forget-me-nots hiding in the pockets of the fields. The energy of the sun on her body and the joy of foraging filled her soul. She flew the fields and gathered until the light began to fade and she heard the sound of her forager sisters' wings turning for home. Then she joined them.
Marty Rubin|People who smile while they are alone used to be called insane, until we invented smartphones and social media.
RHETT BURCH|I feel the sunrise in the alley; the rain has stopped drumming on my windows and a smile comes across my once weary and teary eyed face. The music finds its volume again, and a maddening piano sends a fury of force up my spine and into my now focused mind. I am here to be of service, to light fires along the path so that they may provide direction for another. I cannot see behind me, and I do not know how this will make you feel – and the beautiful truth is that it matters none to me. I have received whatever it is I should receive from this, and though I hope you wake with happiness in your heart, I know I cannot worry myself. I have no control – I am but a writer and a poor boy who has found my heart ripened because I can send my thoughts into the ether. I am always a part of this when I take myself out of it.
Barack Obama|I think our family motto is to always work hard, be humble, kind, and thoughtful about others around us.
Milan Kundera, Encounter|The novel was born with the Modern Era, which made man, to quote Heidegger, the "only real subject," the ground for everything. It is largely through the novel that man as an individual was established on the European scene. Away from the novel, in our real lives, we know very little about our parents as they were before our birth; we have only fragmentary knowledge of the people close to us: we see them come and go and scarcely have they vanished than their place is taken over by others: they form a long line of replaceable beings. Only the novel separates out an individual, trains a light on his biography, his ideas, his feelings, makes him irreplaceable: makes him the center of everything.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we read the Word of God, we shall know the will of God.
Grace Draven, Eidolon|There’s more.”“Of course there is,” Brishen said flatly. It had started badly; it turned worse and hinted at becoming ruinous.
Christopher Hitchens, The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Nonbeliever|I have met some highly intelligent believers, but history has no record to say that [s]he knew or understood the mind of god. Yet this is precisely the qualification which the godly must claim—so modestly and so humbly—to possess. It is time to withdraw our 'respect' from such fantastic claims, all of them aimed at the exertion of power over other humans in the real and material world.
Erik Pevernagie|Oh, no, nope, shoot. Are we about to human mate?
David Suzuki|In the environmental movement, every time you lose a battle it's for good, but our victories always seem to be temporary and we keep fighting them over and over again.
Lincoln Chafee|India-Seychelles relations have been characterized by close friendship, understanding and cooperation.
Monika Zands|When you being to awaken to your gifts, a first it can be alarming for the soul to reveal its truth. After some consideration and healthy boundaries the soul mellows and the action and revelation begins. Hold onto your seat, you are in for a wonderful wild ride.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Human, All Too Human|Language as putative science. - The significance of language for the evolution of culture lies in this, that mankind set up in language a separate world beside the other world, a place it took to be so firmly set that, standing upon it, it could lift the rest of the world off its hinges and make itself master of it. To the extent that man has for long ages believed in the concepts and names of things as in aeternae veritates he has appropriated to himself that pride by which he raised himself above the animal: he really thought that in language he possessed knowledge of the world. The sculptor of language was not so modest as to believe that he was only giving things designations, he conceived rather that with words he was expressing supreame knowledge of things; language is, in fact, the first stage of occupation with science. Here, too, it is the belief that the truth has been found out of which the mightiest sources of energy have flowed. A great deal later - only now - it dawns on men that in their belief in language they have propagated a tremendous error. Happily, it is too late for the evolution of reason, which depends on this belief, to be put back. - Logic too depends on presuppositions with which nothing in the real world corresponds, for example on the presupposition that there are identical things, that the same thing is identical at different points of time: but this science came into existence through the opposite belief (that such conditions do obtain in the real world). It is the same with mathematics, which would certainly not have come into existence if one had known from the beginning that there was in nature no exactly straight line, no real circle, no absolute magnitude.
Stefan Molyneux|As parents, we sometimes mistakenly assume that things were always this way. They weren't. The modern family is just that - modern - and all of our places in it are quite new. Unless we keep in mind how new our lives as parents are, and how unusual and ahistorical, we won't see that world we live in, as mothers and fathers, is still under construction. Modern childhood was invented less than seventy years ago - the length of a catnap, in historical terms.
Kristen Simmons, Article 5|What other thing, Eve?""I love you. Sometimes it makes my stomach hurt, but I kind of like it. Tired now, come to bed. Love you.
Raneem Kayyali|Can you hear the echoes of a faint whisper in the breeze? Can you smell the fragrance of the roses and the trees? Can you see my soul reaching out from within? Can you feel my fingertips dance upon your skin? Let the sky fall dim as our love ignites, losing sense of the days and the never-ending nights.
Terry Pratchett, Feet of Clay|Vimes took the view that life was so full of things happening erratically in all directions that the chances of any of them making some kind of relevant sense were remote in the extreme. Colon, being by nature more optimistic and by intellect a good deal slower, was still at the Clues are Important stage.
Rick Riordan, The Lost Hero|Hmph. Yes. Him. He had the nerve to turn down our offer of immortality and tell us to pay better attention to our children. Er, no offense.” “Oh, how could I take offense? Please, go on ignoring me.
Debasish Mridha|With every sunrise, I wake up with a deep driving desire to enhance the beauty of my life by becoming happy and joyful. I have found that when I am happy, everything around me dances with joy.
D.S. Mashego|There is a young abused girl whose recovery is dependent on your willingness to honour your calling as a pastor, social worker, psychologist, etc.
John Northcutt Young, Poems of Brevity|My grandmotherhad no time for old,no matter how her face crinkledor her days folded like an apron aroundher middle.
Charles L. Bailey Jr., In the Shadow of the Cross|The shame, embarrassment, feeling of low self-worth, and scores of "labels" we give ourselves are not fitting. I am beginning to see how I had no control over the situation. He was a big man, I was a little boy.
Vi Keeland, Throb|Lust. It’s not soft like the touch of a raindrop. It’s not easy like floating aimlessly on the water. It’s weighted, and heavy, a spark that catches on the forest of your body. A wildfire.
Oliver Sacks, An Anthropologist on Mars: Seven Paradoxical Tales|Some people with Tourette's have flinging tics- sudden, seemingly motiveless urges or compulsions to throw objects..... (I see somewhat similar flinging behaviors- though not tics- in my two year old godson, now in a stage of primal antinomianism and anarchy)
Faisal Khosa|More than weapons, we need a leader.
C. JoyBell C.|Always remember that the most valuable thing that you can do in this world, is to live a life of love. Love truly those who were given you to be loved. Love truly the gifts you were given in life, as well as your ability to live and share those gifts. Even if the only people who remember your name, are the five people you have loved and who have loved you in this life, that makes you no less important than the person who is recognised by every individual in this world! In seeking to change the world out there that you live in, do make sure that you are not changing it in order to make it become more like you; rather, live to change yourself, to know yourself, to grow and to become. This is the highest reach of man. The downfall of world-changers in this day and age, is that those who wish to change the world, only wish to influence the world of their own beliefs, choices, and opinions. But this is not how the world is changed. This planet is changed, only when we heal and grow and know the worlds within ourselves. Because it is in the healing of worlds unique and innumerable, that this one we share will find her hope. The only person who needs to know you, is you. And then the people who are given to you to love, who love you truly in return. — The Conversation of Venusta
Rick Yancey, The 5th Wave|Food. Small talk. Maybe I say something that makes you grin. Maybe you say something that makes me giggle. Maybe the food is crap, so we drink too much wine. Maybe the full moon beckons us to the beach where we walk in the shadows of the night ... just maybe for one night we feel human.
Edward Fahey, The Mourning After|Darkness crept through. Shadows pried at doors, teased dull edges of recollections that never quite took hold. Memories that would have shriveled under the blinding sun of daylight. And reason.
Andy Weir, The Martian|The word psychogeography, suggested by an illiterate Kabyle as a general term for the phenomena a few of us were investigating around the summer of 1953, is not too inappropriate. It does not contradict the materialist perspective of the conditioning of life and thought by objective nature. Geography, for example, deals with the determinant action of general natural forces, such as soil composition or climatic conditions, on the economic structures of a society, and thus on the corresponding conception that such a society can have of the world. Psychogeography could set for itself the study of the precise laws and specific effects of the geographical environment, whether consciously organized or not, on the emotions and behavior of individuals. The charmingly vague adjective psychogeographicalcan be applied to the findings arrived at by this type of investigation, to their influence on human feelings, and more generally to any situation or conduct that seems to reflect the same spirit of discovery. It has long been said that the desert is monotheistic. Is it illogical or devoid of interest to observe that the district in Paris between Place de la Contrescarpe and Rue de l’Arbalète conduces rather to atheism, to oblivion and to the disorientation of habitual reflexes?
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|Evil influence is like a nicotine patch, you cannot help but absorb what sticks to you.
Halldór Laxness, Independent People|He says that there can be no high civilization without enslavement of the masses, either nominal or real. There must, he says, be a lower class, given up to physical toil and confined to an animal nature; and a higher one thereby acquires leisure and wealth for a more expanded intelligence and improvement, and becomes the directing soul of the lower. So he reasons, because, as I said, he is born an aristocrat;—so I don't believe, because I was born a democrat.
Frank Gehry|The thing I love about Rome is that is has so many layers. In it, you can follow anything that interests you: town planning, architecture, churches or culture. It's a city rich in antiquity and early Christian treasures, and just endlessly fascinating. There's nowhere else like it.
E. Sue Blume, Secret Survivors|In healthy development, trust evolves. How do we decide whether to trust? We share a feeling with someone and watch their reaction; if the response feels safe, if it is caring, noncritical, non-abusive, the first step of trust has developed. For trust to grow, this positive response must become part of a relatively reliable pattern… Trust develops with consistency over time.
Debasish Mridha|Life is like an echo; if you love life, it loves you back.
Erykah Badu|The calm mind allows one to connect with the inner self, the Soul, the very source of our being. That's where the music lives. That's where my music comes from.
Jane Hirshfield, Come, Thief: Poems|as some strings, untouched,sound when no one is speaking.So it was when love slipped inside us.
Mohith Agadi|What people say about others' behavior or character is not always true, Just Proffer it to your best judgement.
Alexei Maxim Russell, The New Homeowner's Guide to House Spirits|Making a beautiful, happy home is not about what we don't have or what we want to buy. It's all about what we do have, and how incredibly precious it all is. It's about how we spend the days we're given with this family of ours, and making the home we share a place our kids will love to describe to our grandchildren. It's about making our kids' memories delightful.
Francesca Lia Block, The Rose and the Beast: Fairy Tales Retold|They knew, though, she would not suffer as they had suffered. She was perfect. They were scarred.
William Gibson|Because our entire universe is made up of consciousness, we never really experience the universe directly we just experience our consciousness of the universe, our perception of it, so right, our only universe is perception.
Nina Hartley|Just as we seldom realize that we are growing old until we are already old, so do the contemporary actors in a major social change seldom realize that society is changing until the change has already come.
Elliott O'Donnell|I think locality exercises strange influence over some minds. The peaceful meadow-scenery holds no lurking horrors in its bosom, but in the lonesome moorlands, full of curiously molded boulders, grotesque fancies must assail one there. Creatures seem to come, odd and ill-defined as their surroundings. As a child I had a peculiar horror of those tall, odd-shaped boulders, with seeming faces, featureless, it is true, but sometimes strangely resembling humans and animals. I believe the spinney may be haunted by something of this nature, terrible as the trees. ("The Haunted Spinney")
Angela Carter, Nights at the Circus|She sleeps. And now she wakes each day a little less. And, each day, takes less and less nourishment, as if grudging the least moment of wakefulness, for, from the movement under her eyelids, and the somnolent gestures of her hands and feet, it seems as if her dreams grow more urgent and intense, as if the life she lives in the closed world of dreams is now about to possess her utterly, as if her small, increasingly reluctant wakenings were an interpretation of some more vital existence, so she is loath to spend even those necessary moments of wakefulness with us, wakings strange as her sleepings. Her marvellous fate - a sleep more lifelike than the living, a dream which consumes the world.'And, sir,' concluded Fevvers, in a voice that now took on the sombre, majestic tones of a great organ, 'we do believe . . . her dream will be the coming century.'And, oh, God . . . how frequently she weeps!
Mary E. Martin, The Drawing Lesson|When life gets rough,don't panic! Just let it be! Life is leading you to still waters!
Susan Cooper, King of Shadows|The literature has only these words of comfort for a patient and her family at this stage. Remember, there is still a living spirit inside this diminished person, the spirit of someone you love.
Gary Chapman, Growing Up Social: Raising Relational Kids in a Screen-Driven World|The best way to predict future is to create it." Abraham Lincoln
Thomas Mann|If I knew I was positive, why would I have ever gone to PAW to take a test?
John Doolittle|John Glenn's life will long be remembered for his time in space, his courage, and his service to all Americans.
J. Saman, Start Over|You feel it too, don’t you?” I don’t have to ask her what she’s talking about. I felt it the moment I grabbed her wrist to stop her from leaving. I felt it the moment I saw her hair fly by my face, and before “that when I noticed her walking across campus. She’s different and we could be something different together. Something astounding. Something you encounter once in a lifetime, if that. It’s been five minutes and I can already tell that.
Jean-Yves Leloup, Compassion and Meditation: The Spiritual Dynamic between Buddhism and Christianity|The ego is like a clever monkey, which can co-opt anything, even the most spiritual practices, so as to expand itself. (155)
Sara Miles|Doubt and faith are parts of human experience, whether one views them as right or wrong. Also doubt and faith are instrumental to grasping truth in some very obvious senses.
Tana French, In the Woods|She taught me that life goes on, and that I had a choice. To lament what I no longer had or be grateful for what remained.
Debasish Mridha|To bring peace in this world, you have to be peaceful with yourself.
N.K. Jemisin, The Broken Kingdoms|This means, in a way, that true light is dependent on the presence of other lights. Take the others away and darkness results. Yet the reverse is not true: take away darkness and there is only more darkness. Darkness can exist by itself. Light cannot.
Tom Stoppard|Words are sacred. They deserve respect. If you get the right ones, in the right order, you can nudge the world a little.
Shelena Shorts|You can’t live your life thinking death is going to come all the time. You have to live life and if it comes, then we can only hope we were able to do all the things we wanted. He has to want to do something. Everyone does.
Robin LaFevers, Grave Mercy|Overcoming abuse doesn't just happen, It takes positive steps everyday. Let today be the day you start to move forward.
Adam S. Miller, Grace Is Not God's Backup Plan: An Urgent Paraphrase of Paul's Letter to the Romans|If you are not there for other people, do not expect them to be there for you. In many a case one might conclude that this is part of God's sovereign justice. His grace, however, is that He Himself will always be there for you, no matter what.
C.S. Lewis, Screwtape Letters|Above all, do not attempt to use science (I mean, the real sciences) as a defence against Christianity. They will positively encourage him to think about realities he can’t touch and see. 
Duncan MacMillan, Every Brilliant Thing|Save the drama for the queens. Stand alone be a wolf, a rebel, a warrior, a savage, a badass. Be anything but a damn drama queen!
Moshe Dayan|We have one of the highest interest rates in the world, and we owe more money per capita than any other country. All we need is a nail hole in the bottom of the boat and we're sunk.
Danny Aspinall|Some people are just quitters, man they just give up, and the rest of us are dreamers without any luck.
Susanna Clarke, Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell|He had discovered that it was easier – far easier than any one could have supposed – to make oneself mad, but like all magic it was full of obstacles and frustrations. Even if he succeeded in summoning the fairy (which did not seem very likely), he would be in nocondition to talk to him. Every book he had ever read on the subject urged magicians to be on their guard when dealing with fairies. Just when he needed all his wits, he would have scarcely any wits at all.
Robert Shapiro|Still and all, why bother? Here's my answer. Many people need desperately to receive this message: I feel and think much as you do, care about many of the things you care about, although most people do not care about them. You are not alone.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Over time, a noisy lifestyle and stress make you old. The stress, noise and rush that often accompany working life, family life and social life can be too much for your nervous system and brain, which also need rest and cleansing.
Cate Blanchett|When you face a 'performance' that might provoke the 'I'm scared' response, choose love and approach your opportunity as a chance to dance with God. It's more fun than 'Dancing with the Stars!'
Agatha Christie, The Labours of Hercules|I gather," he added, "that you've never had much time to study the classics?""That is so.""Pity. Pity. You've missed a lot. Everyone should be made to study the classics, if I had my way."Poirot shrugged his shou
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn|The rationalist imagines an imbecile-free society; the empiricist and imbecile-proof one, or even better, a rationalist-proof one.
Gilbert K. Chesterton|I enjoy art, architecture, museums, churches and temples; anything that gives me insight into the history and soul of the place I'm in. I can also be a beach bum - I like to laze in the shade of a palm tree with a good book or float in a warm sea at sundown.
Liturgy of the Hours|Today a great silence reigns on earth, a great silence and a great stillness. A great stillness because the King is asleep. The earth trembled and is still because God has fallen asleep in the flesh and has raised up all who have slept since the world began… ” I order you, O sleeper, to awake. I did not create you to be a prisoner in hell. Rise from the dead, for I am the life of the dead.” (Liturgy of the Hours, Holy Saturday)
Kishore Bansal|When we all become more compassionate, there will probably be less suffering in the world.
Robert K. Greenleaf, Servant As Leader|Not much happens without a dream. And for something great to happen, there must be a great dream. Behind every great achievement is a dreamer of great dreams. Much more than a dreamer is required to bring it to reality; but the dream must be there first.
Kristin Hannah, The Nightingale|Many people in Paris are quite content to look on at others, and there are plenty who regard a wall behind which something is happening as a very curious thing.
David Rotenberg, The Placebo Effect|Human beings are not made to take shortcuts,... You're to live your life, moment by moment. Your life isn't here to entertain you - it's to be lived.
Dennis Ritchie|People are on their computers more than watching TV, because you can only watch voyeur TV, which is basically what reality shows are, for so long.
Andrew Young|Yes, the upper reaches of society are still dominated by men.
Barbara DaCosta, Resort to Murder|On the Writing Process:"When in doubt, take it out.,
Ingeborg Bachmann, The Thirtieth Year: Stories|The children are in love but do not know with what. They talk in gibberish, muse themselves into an indefinable pallor, and when they are completely at a loss they invent a language that maddens them. My fish. My hook. My fox. My snare. My fire. You my water. You my current. My earth. You my if. And you my but. Either. Or. My everything...my everything...They push one another, go for each other with their fists and scuffle over a counter-word that doesn't exist.
Jon Favreau|I'm a fat kid on the inside. I love food so much, and I fluctuate about 25 to 30 pounds between movies. I feel like I have to do a chess movie that requires very little movement at some point, just so I can eat pizza and play chess on the beach all day.
Flynn Meaney, The Boy Recession|I've never had any summer lovin'. And I've never had any school year lovin', either. I've never had a boyfriend. I've never hooked up with a guy. And this morning, on my Internet browser, an article popped up about women marrying themselves. Even my wireless connection knows I'm alone.
Karl Schmidtt|What is the meaning of the sportive forms of God? The manifestation of God within the body. At first He manifests Himself within a human body and then shows His sportive forms. It means that after manifestation He shows the seer His different forms, teaches and advices and the seer will see and listen – this is the real sportive forms of God.
Isobel Starling, Illuminate the Shadows|I don't have te let ye come. Coming is a privilege, not a right- Declan Ramsay to Sam Aiken. (Illuminate the Shadows- Shatterproof Bond #1)
Wallace Stevens|Making movies is not rocket science. It's about relationships and communication and strangers coming together to see if they can get along harmoniously, productively, and creatively. That's a challenge. When it works, it's fantastic and will lift you up. When it doesn't work, it's almost just as fascinating.
Cassandra Giovanni, In Between Seasons|As I watch Nicholas make his way back to his truck, I know one thing: this boy is going to make my life very interesting. I feel as if a fragment of the old me broke away tonight and disappeared, and I’m finally, truly beginning my new life.
Lailah Gifty Akita|When you do what you love, there is nothing you need to worry about. Everything comes easily.
Anna Quindlen, Imagined London: A Tour of the World's Greatest Fictional City|I read and reread and recommended and rarely rejected, became one of those readers who will read trashy stories as long as they're not too terrible--well, even perhaps the truly terrible ones--and will reread something she's already read, even if it's something like a detective novel, when you'd suspect that knowing who had really killed the countess would materially detract from the experience. (It doesn't, and besides, I often can't remember who the murderer was in the first place.)
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|Light up the radiant flame of conscience, goodwill and compassion in your heart, and go over the length and breadth of your society in the pursuit of shedding light over the whole world. And in time, you’ll become a glorious sun that will shine over the entire human population.
Doreen Virtue|Whenever I'm around him, all I can think about is how much more I want to be around him.
Cassandra Clare, The Whitechapel Fiend|Simon’s love life was complicated, but there was a pang, just for a moment, for this woman talking graphic novels with him. Ah, well. Tessa Gray, foxy nerd, was probably dating someone already.
Billy Crystal|If you're paralyzing your face in your 20s and 30s, you're not exercising the muscles that give it strength. My feeling is, laugh, cry, move your face.
Fred Kavli|The shortest and surest way of arriving at real knowledge is to unlearn the lessons we have been taught, to mount the first principles, and take nobody's word about them.
Gregory Maguire, Out of Oz|The "whole good" cannot be had, it would seem, without mustering all the strength of our inner life. Even in the sphere of external possessions there are goods which inherently demand, if they are to be truly ours, far more of us than mere acquisition. "'My garden,' the rich man said; his gardener smiled.
Lois Greiman, Unplugged|If money don't buy happiness, what the hell does?
Richie Norton|A brand is a person that has a voice, evokes emotion and spreads a message. Build a brand or a brand will build you. Create your personal brand. If you don't build your own brand, you will let someone else brand you with the wrong label.
Karan Mahajan|Exploitation films were famous for taking an issue an exploiting it because they could move much faster than a studio could. If there was any hot topic, they would run out and make a quick movie and make a buck on it, by changing it around and using it, in some way, to give some relevance.
Malak El Halabi|And then there are those you stop counting the years with because they are here to stay.They are here. And they aren't going anywhere.Nothing will make them flinch.Nothing will make them think twice.They know you at your worst,the worst you didn't even know you had.They know the sound of your mood swings, the color of your anger, how you curse when you curse, how you shout when you throw a tantrum. They know when you're avoiding a subject. They know when you're lying. They know when you're jealous. They know your vices by heart and they celebrate them. They celebrate you-- vices included.They know your lost dreams and how life fucked you over. They know the battles you lost. And they think your fabulous when you think you're just an unlucky mediocre person who once thought will make it big in life.They know the last time you were happy. They see the unspoken sadness in your eyes. They know the words behind your silence. They know the photographs playing in your mind when you're looking afar.They know YOU, the naked YOU, the raw YOU, not the embellished YOU people see, not the YOU that will be read in biographies or in elegies once you're dead, not the YOU that introduces you to others.They love you from the bottom of their heart. They are your family regardless of their blood. They are your squad. They are your people.And no matter how many times you make them open the door, they can't walk out. They just can't. Because, just sometimes, when people say forever, they mean it. They do.
Elizabeth McCracken|I come from nothing. When I got a chance to make some money, I was like, 'Man, I'm not ever going back.'
Rob Parker|The first casualty of war is innocence. Don’t be so eager to find this out. I assure you, Andraste, war is ugly.” Legacy by SL Buckley
Nicki Minaj|No matter how much success you're having, you can't continue working together if you can't communicate.
Margaret Atwood, Surfacing|From her handbag she takes a round gilt compact with violets on the cover. She opens it, unclosing her other self, and runs her fingertip around the corners of her mouth, left one, right one; then she unswivels a pink stick and dots her cheeks and blends them, changing her shape, performing the only magic left to her.Rump on a packsack, harem cushion, pink on the cheeks and black discreetly around the eyes, as red as blood as black as ebony, a seamed and folded imitation of a magazine picture that is itself an imitation of a woman who is also an imitation, the original nowhere, hairless lobed angel in the same heaven where God is a circle, captive princess in someone's head. She is locked in, she isn't allowed to eat or shit or cry or give birth, nothing goes in, nothing comes out. She takes her clothes off or puts them on, paper doll wardrobe, she copulates under strobe lights with the man's torso while his brain watches from its glassed-in control cubicle at the other end of the room, her face twists into poses of exultation and total abandonment, that is all. She is not bored, she has no other interests.
මාර්ටින් වික්‍රමසිංහ, Yuganthaya|The two qualities essential to a good man were honesty and compassion, Malin felt. His father lived his life as if he had rejected these qualities. Saviman Kabalana reasoned that loving kindness and compassion were weaknesses. Therefore he hid behind a mask that concealed his innate human qualities of love and kindness, both in his office and at home.
Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief|I nodded, looking at Rachel with respect. "You hit the Lord of the Titans in the eye with a blue plastic hairbrush.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When you focus on the journey, you will be blessed with guardian angels to direct your path.
Vishwanath S J|Imagination is a place where a rational mind travels in time to meet it's god, "The Infinite Mind"!
Jon Paul Fiorentino, Indexical Elegies|Elizabeth Bachinsky, Darren Bifford, Jason Camelot, Rachel Cyr, Tara Flanagan, Lilly Fiorentino, John Goldbach, David McGimpsey, Evan Munday, Sachiko Murakami, Ian Orti, Marisa Grizenko, Christina Palassio, Mike Spry, Darren Wershler.
J.M. McDermott, Straggletaggle|Cages everywhere I went. I was no better off in Saxonia, excepting only for the threat of vigorous, royal incest. Perhaps this also means that a princess is only a particularly desirable kind of monstrous creature--a lure that must be kept in a box at all times.
Dale Carnegie|work, pray and play not from here
Christopher Earle|Getting healthy will always result in weight loss as a side effect, but a side effect of dieting and weight loss is often poorer health.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I can’t live without books, music and wonder.
Joan Bauer, Hope Was Here|It's like getting an extraordinary meal after you've been eating junk food for a long time. The taste just sweeps through your sensibilities, bringing all-out contentment, and the sheer goodness of it makes up for every bad meal you ever had.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Don’t stop saying, “I love you” to your soul mate.
David Bowie|Pluto is still active four and a half billion years into its history. It was expected that small planets like Pluto would cool off long ago and not still be showing geological activity. Pluto is, in fact, showing numerous examples of geological activity on a massive scale across the planet.
Sadamu Yamashita|In my restless dreams,I see that town.Silent Hill.
Oscar Wilde, De Profundis|When I was young, I spent my days and nights trying to impress future generations. I spent them. They’re gone. All because I was deathly afraid of being forgotten. And then came the regret. The worst things of all worst things.
C.J. Mahaney, Humility: True Greatness|Millions call themselves by His name, it is true, and pay some token homage to Him, but a simple test will show how little He is really honored among them. Let the average man be put to the proof on the question of who or what is ABOVE, and his true position will be exposed. Let him be forced into making a choice between God and money, between God and men, between God and personal ambition, God and self, God and human love, and God will take second place every time. Those other things will be exalted above. However the man may protest, the proof is in the choice he makes day after day throughout his life.
C. JoyBell C.|The medicine to fear, these days, is a dose of reality! Because these days the reality is far worse than the disembodiment of the ideal. People today are afraid of the disembodiment of the ideal, because they think the ideal is the reality. A rabbit that does not know it lives in the ground with snakes, is constantly afraid of the sea hawk possibly finding its way to land, to destroy the rabbit’s meadowy existence. In the meadow, living in fear of the sea hawk, not knowing the hole in the ground next to its burrow belongs to a snake. I show the rabbit where the snakes are, thus eliminating its hazardous fear. Misplaced fear is hazardous fear. Fear well placed is a skill for survival.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|Just as some books are so beautiful and intriguing that you never want to put them down, forever eager of what lies beyond the scope of a single page, so you never cease to intrigue me, leaving me in constant yearning of all that resides within you.
Haruki Murakami|You have to dream intentionally. Most people dream a dream when they are asleep. But to be a writer, you have to dream while you are awake, intentionally.
Deyth Banger|They ended up at the Old Corner Bookstore, which Brian had read about in a tour guide to Boston. "Longfellow and Hawthorne and Oliver Wendell Holmes used to read here. Let's go in." Brian nudged the girls until they obeyed.It was a regular bookstore, less history-minded than Brian had expected. In fact, the local history shelves were quite mangeable. I'll buy one book, he thought. This will get me launched in actual reading. Out of the zillions of choices, I'll find one here.Brian picked out Paul Revere and the World He Lived In. It was thick and somehow exciting, with its chapter headings and scholarly notes and bibliography.
Patricia Briggs, Moon Called|C’est moi, c’est moi,’tis I,' I told him. It seemed appropriately melodramatic, though I didn’t know if he’d catch the reference. I shouldn’t have worried. Unexpectedly, he laughed. “Trust you to quote Lancelot rather than Guinevere.
Anthony Liccione|With all these forks in the roads of our path, why do so many choose to take the knife?
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Christmas was about understanding that servanthood would win the hearts of men for eternity, where raw power might win them only for a moment, if at all.
Carole Geithner, If Only|They should make earplugs for people who are grieving, so we don't have to hear the stupid things people say, but I'd look like a dork in them." -Corinna
Paul Theroux, The Last Train to Zona Verde: My Ultimate African Safari|Many travelers are essentially fantasists. Tourists are timid fantasists, the others - risk takers - are bold fantasists. The tourists at Etosha conjure up a fantastic Africa after their nightly dinner by walking to the fence at the hotel-managed waterhole to stare at the rhinos and lions and eland coming to drink: a glimpse of wild nature with overhead floodlights. They have been bused to the hotel to see it, and it is very beautiful, but it is no effort....My only boast in travel is my effort...
Alec Austin|Dragons didn’t fool around when it came to protecting things that they acquired—be it gold, gems, or a monster’s body parts.
Ryan Graudin, Invictus|He met me at the airport; it was ten in the morning, Washington time, when I arrived, after having taken a plane that left Los Angeles International at 10:10 A.M. Los Angeles time. Who says time-reversal is hard to accomplish?
Debasish Mridha|Every morning, introduce one positive thought into your mind. Be persistent with it until it becomes your habit. It will change your life.
Shannon L. Alder|A warrior doesn’t worry. He or she evaluates the situation, investigates the source, calculates the risks and benefits, formulates a plan then puts it into action.
Jean Bethke Elshtain, Augustine and the Limits of Politics|I wish I knew all the answers, how to be perfect, attractive and witty. But I’m just a human being with all the regular faults and it seems no matter how hard I try, I can’t change that.
P. McCree Thornton, The Star Spangled Son|...Ethan, but I'm certainly not the type of woman to just go home with two men whether I know them or not. It would be highly inappropriate, not to mention stupid.""And you're not stupid.""Not as far as I can tell"...
Nenia Campbell, Armed and Dangerous|I looked at Mommy but quickly shook my head. "I don't want to miss her."Becky put her soft, warm hand on my shoulder, just like Mommy used to when I was upset. "Your mom wants to be here with you. She wants that very much. But Jesus wants her with him right now."I frowned. "I need her more than Jesus does.
Rick Riordan, The Battle of the Labyrinth|Earthshaker, Stormbreaker, Father of Horses. Hail, Perseus Jackson, Son of the Sea God
Tracey Garvis-Graves, On the Island|You named the chicken, Chicken?" She looked embarrassed. "When we decided not to kill it, I got attached.
Christina Perri|Sticks and stones may break my bones, but your words...they'll destroy my soul.
Suzy  Davies, Johari's Window|Our eyes met. I kissed her soft face, and down the stairs they descended. Their voices blended into an echo, a murmur. I ventured barefoot into the bedroom. The dark gown lay crumpled upon the bed
Lena Headey|I'm French, so I'm quite lazy about exercising, and I smoke. But I do love going for a run in the morning with my dog. That's all.
William Carlos Williams, Paterson|Today I write,riots with insite!Tomorrow I read,take the lead!Sometimes I sleep, health to keep!But for now I write,and got no gripe!
Neal Stephenson|You don't give a gift to shape someone into the person you want him to be. You give a gift because it's something you couldn't bear to be without, but it's even more unthinkable for the other person to be without it.
Nina Garcia|Women are like cars: we all want a Ferrari, sometimes want a pickup truck, and end up with a station wagon.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If I can somehow focus on the pain of not focusing on my pain, I will soon find that pain healed simply because I forced myself to do the exact opposite of what my core humanity demanded I do…I sought to heal the pain of someone else instead.
Jean Stafford, The Collected Stories of Jean Stafford|My words did not seem to reach her. Or, if they did, she was unable to grasp their meaning.
April Mae Monterrosa|Did my good deed for the day. Still not close to heaven, but it's something.
Gabriel García Márquez|The young doctor was disappointed: he had never had th eopportunity to study the effects of gold cyanide on a cadaver. Dr. Juvenal Urbino had been surprised that he had not seen him at the Medical School, but he understood in an instant from the young man's blush and Andean accent that he was probably a recent arrival to the city. He said: "There is bound to be someone driven mad by love who will give you the chance one of these days." And only after he said it did he realize that among the countless suicides he could remeber, this was the first with cyanide that had not been caused by the sufferings of love. Then something changed in the tone of his voice. "And when you do find one, observe with care," he said to the intern: "they almost always have crystals in their heart.
Hilary Mantel, A Place of Greater Safety|If I cannot be useful to my country, I'll try to be useful to my leader and to all the people around me.
Hayley Williams|now I'm told that this is life, that pain is just a simple comprimise so we can get what we want out of it. Would someone care to classify a broken heart and some twisted minds so I can find someone to rely on?
Dejan Stojanovic|A word is not filling in the gaps, but the fertilization of silence.
Niall Ferguson, Civilization: The West and the Rest|There can be no understanding without that sympathy which puts us, through the imagination, and (another's) situation.
Steven Brust, Iorich|The most powerful control we can ever attain, is to be in control of ourselves.
Gregory Maguire, Out of Oz|The book was not new. Dates were stamped on the front endpaper, in and out dates. A rent book. A lending library of elaborate smut.I rewrapped the book and locked it up behind the seat. A racket like that, out in the open on the boulevard, seemed to mean plenty of protection. I sat there and poisoned myself with cigarette smoke and listened to the rain and thought about it.
Susan Ee, World After|So that’s your sister?” asks Dee in a quiet voice.“Yeah.”“The one you risked your life for?”“Yeah.”The twins nod politely in that automatic way that people do when they don’t want to say something insulting.“Your family any better?” I ask.Dee and Dum look at each other, assessing.“Nah,” says Dee.“Not really,” says Dum at the same time.
Bob Costas|You look at the greatest villains in human history, the fascists, the autocrats, they all wanted people to kneel before them because they don't love themselves enough.
M.F. Moonzajer, A moment with God ; Poetry|I climb mountains, while you keep sinking in sand.
Sue Hubbell, A Book of Bees: And How to Keep Them|Rabbits (says Mr. Lockley) are like human beings in many ways. One of these is certainly their staunch ability to withstand disaster and to let the stream of their life carry them along, past reaches of terror and loss. They have a certain quality which it would not be accurate to describe as callousness or indifference. It is, rather, a blessedly circumscribed imagination and an intuitive feeling that Life is Now. A foraging wild creature, intent above all upon survival, is as strong as the grass.
Kiady Diaz|Those with knowledge crave to become wiser, not powerful.
Richard Branson, Losing My Virginity: How I've Survived, Had Fun, and Made a Fortune Doing Business My Way|Sirius looked out of the fire at Harry, a crease between his sunken eyes. “You’re less like your father than I thought,” he said finally, a definite coolness in his voice. “The risk would’ve been what made it fun for James.”“Look —”“Well, I’d better get going . . . I’ll write to tell you a time I can make it back into the fire, then, shall I? If you can stand to risk 
Yuval Noah Harari|If you experience sadness without craving that the sadness go away, you continue to feel sadness, but you do not suffer from it. There can actually be richness in the sadness. If you experience joy without craving that the joy linger and intensify, you continue to feel joy without losing your peace of mind.
Jay Woodman|Affirmations: "I love & respect my mind, body, spirit." & "I do what best nurtures all parts of myself." & "I thrive on wholeness." Namaste!
Jim Gaffigan, Dad Is Fat|Adoption is a beautiful, burdensome blessing.
Michael Ondaatje, In the Skin of a Lion|We are given the potential to excel, whether we do or not is entirely up to us.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|In her book, Ask Outrageously! my friend Linda Swindling suggests to “Mimic the body language of the most powerful people you know. They stand up straight, make appropriate eye contact, and use gestures to convey their points. Look at their feet. Usually they are placed about shoulder-width apart. They have an open stance. They smile and nod when they agree.”Begin paying attention to the poise, postures, and gestures of the people whom you admire and respect the most. How do they carry themselves to project excellence? Adapting their behaviors may serve you well to enhance and improve your body language.
Ane Krstevska|You can achieve anything, as long as you put your mind to it.
Sherman Alexie|There's no way to approach anything in an objective way. We're completely subjective; our view of the world is completely controlled by who we are as human beings, as men or women, by our age, our history, our profession, by the state of the world.
Ambrose Bierce, The Moonlit Road and Other Ghost and Horror Stories|Anyhow, I took every stitch of clothing off and got out of bed. And I got down on my knees on the floor in the white moonlight. The heat was off and the room must have been cold, but I didn’t feel cold. There was some kind of special something in the moonlight and it was wrapping my body in a thin, skintight film. At least that’s how I felt. I just stayed there naked for a while, spacing out, but then I took turns holding different parts of my body out to be bathed in the moonlight. I don’t know, it just seemed like the most natural thing to do. The moonlight was so absolutely, incredibly beautiful that I couldn’t not do it. My head and shoulders and arms and breasts and tummy and bottom and, you know, around there: one after another, I dipped them in the moonlight, like taking a bath.
Michelle Cohen Corasanti, The Almond Tree|To win,you must have both talent an desire- but desire first.
Patricia Briggs, Moon Called|Ever hear of the phrase, Banging you're head on a brick wall?"Ah, but you forget, Darren, vampires can break brick walls with their heads.
Mary Wollstonecraft|That all men are equal is a proposition to which, at ordinary times, no sane human being has ever given his assent.
Steven Van Zandt|Baseball was, is and always will be to me the best game in the world.
Teresa Proctor, The Radiant Key to Understanding, Healing with Mary Magdalene Book One: Kenosis for Connection|Think of yourself as an athlete. I guarantee you it will change the way you walk, the way you work, and the decisions you make about leadership, teamwork, and success.
Mary Catherine Bateson|'Greedy gut' is my middle name. I love food, and I love parts.
Hans Urs von Balthasar, Unless You Become Like This Child|In Christ, for the first time, we see that in God himself there exists--within his inseparable unity--the distinction between the Father who gives and the Gift which is given (the Son), but only in the unity of the Holy Spirit.
Greg Mortenson, Three Cups of Tea: One Man's Mission to Promote Peace ... One School at a Time|Just as the Torah and Bible teach concern for those in distress, the Koran instructs all Muslims to make caring for widows, orphans, and refugees a priority.
John Knowles, A Separate Peace|Squandering time is a luxury of profligate youth, when the years are to us as dollars are to billionaires. Doing the same thing in middle age just makes you nervous, not with vague puritan guilt but the more urgent worry that you're running out of time, a deadline you can feel in your cells.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Sometimes in life, you may take a step, only to realize the steps you missed. Sometimes in life, you may delay a step taking, only to see a step you shouldn’t have miss. Notwithstanding the results of your steps, you still ought to take steps. Life keeps moving and you can’t afford to be static! Keep on moving on!
Stefan Molyneux|What we do not confront, we inhabit.What we do not reject, we accept.What we do not fight, we become.
E.R. Wade|There’s a reason why relationships don’t work out. It’s usually better to take a few steps back if you have any doubts before it gets complicated and you find yourself in a tangled web, not of your doing, but somehow you end up paying the price.
Michael Caine|I want clean water and clean air and conservation... that's not what extreme environmentalists are all about. For them, it is a religion. They believe in trees and animals, not God.
George Foreman|I am one of the great wasters of time. I have made it an art form. I can get up at 8 o'clock in the morning, be out of the house by 8:30 and back by 5 P.M., and I'll be going all day long and accomplish absolutely nothing. It's an amazing talent.
Debasish Mridha|Be loving but bold, be kind but not cold.
John Milton, Milton's Comus|Overhead shone the great star of the constellation of Lyra, destined to be the polar star for men who will live tens of thousands of years after we have ceased to be.
Eric Ludy, Wrestling Prayer: A Passionate Communion with God|Make me little in mind, soft in heart, trusting in soul.
Dan Beachy-Quick, An Impenetrable Screen of Purest Sky|Memory is igneous more than ingenious, igneous, and like granite, intrusive, heaved up within oneself, the whole range of one's life, mountains' forbidding height looming over the plains where one lives, mountains formed by the life already lived, but toward which one is always walking, one's own past ahead of him, seeking the improbable path already forged, this path back through oneself, this path we call the present tense, which becomes the continental divide when the tense shifts and the path is lost, path from which the walker emerges only to turn around and see the peaks pulled up by his feet, and the snowy pass, and alpine heights, where those stranded must sometime feed on themselves to survive, where sometimes, through the icy crust, the crocus blooms.
Oscar Wilde|Oh, I can't explain. When I like people immensely I never tell their names to anyone. It is like surrendering a part of them. I have grown to love secrecy. It seems to be the one thing that can make modern life mysterious or marvellous to us. The commonest thing is delightful if one only hides it. When I leave town now I never tell my people where I am going. If I did, I would lose all my pleasure. It is a silly habit, I daresay, but somehow it seems to bring a great deal of romance into one's life.
Shannon  Mullen, See What Flowers|Perhaps love in the digital age is more like Netflix binge-watching: we enjoy bursts of fantasy, and then move on to something else when it’s done. Like browsing for a new series on Netflix, if the relationship doesn’t fit perfectly, you can trade it in for something new with the click of a button or a swipe on your phone.
Frantz Fanon, The Wretched of the Earth|The claim to a national culture in the past does not only rehabilitate that nation and serve as a justification for the hope of a future national culture. In the sphere of psycho-affective equilibrium it is responsible for an important change in the native. Perhaps we haven't sufficiently demonstrated that colonialism is not satisfied merely with holding a people in its grip and emptying the native's brain of all form and content. By a kind of perverted logic, it turns to the past of the oppressed people, and distorts, disfigures, and destroys it. This work of devaluing pre-colonial history takes on a dialectical significance today.
Matthew Desmond, Evicted: Poverty and Profit in the American City|For almost a century, there has been broad consensus in America that families should spend no more than 30 percent of their income on housing. Until recently, most renting families met this goal. But times have changed—in Milwaukee and across America. Every year in this country, people are evicted from their homes not by the tens of thousands or even the hundreds of thousands but by the millions.
Buddha|When a man is no longer anxious to do better than well, he is done for.
Bertrand Russell|All who are not lunatics are agreed about certain things. That it is better to be alive than dead, better to be adequately fed than starved, better to be free than a slave. Many people desire those things only for themselves and their friends; they are quite content that their enemies should suffer. These people can be refuted by science: mankind has become so much one family that we cannot insure our own prosperity except by insuring that of everyone else. If you wish to be happy yourself, you must resign yourself to seeing others also happy.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|​One could have mistakenly assumed that each train could choose its own destination. But there was no choice. The Nazi operator sat in the station booth, his hands on levers and switches, forcing each train along its given path.
Jonah Goldberg, Liberal Fascism: The Secret History of the American Left from Mussolini to the Politics of Meaning|If there is ever a fascist takeover in America, it will come not in the form of storm troopers kicking down doors but with lawyers and social workers saying. "I'm from the government and I'm here to help.
Ted Turner|If you think you can do it, you can.
Nikesh Shukla, Coconut Unlimited|While 'Rap Trax!' recorded, Neel found some scrap paper and we started writing our first lyrics. Bandying about subject matter and title, we got stuck on the idea of 'cool', so my first rap song became 'Pretty Cool'. It was a symbol of our confidence. We weren't awesome cool or mega cool. We were only... pretty cool.
Lisa J. Shultz, A Chance to Say Goodbye: Reflections on Losing a Parent|By acknowledging my impermanence, I can consider if there is anything I can do now to help my loved ones who will be left behind cope with losing me and to facilitate healing.
Ray Russell|Was this humanity? Was this nobility? Was this the Christian glory that presumed to hold itself above the heathen Turk? To suffer innocents be sacrificed on an altar of corruption, merely that a lofty family be spared discomfiture? Oh, this was tenfold more abominable than the crime itself, that high authority should wink at it!
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Apollyon|If you can make her want you bad enough, she'll come after you.
Euripides, Medea|Not too little, not too much: there safety lies.
John Green|When she fucked up all those years ago, just a little girl terrified into paralysis, she fell onto the enigma of herself.
Auliq-Ice|If you want to see your life improve, your dreams come closer to fruition, and happiness deepen in your life, don’t give up on anything you are doing.
Melinda Metz, The Wild One|Isabel wondered if there would ever be a time when she could stop being careful. If there would ever be a time when she could use other kinds of power. She missed it. It felt like part of her had been injected with novocaine and was totally numb. Almost dead" (p.35).
Nargis Fakhri|With Pakistan being in my blood, I would certainly look at opportunities to travel there.
John Calvin, Institutes of the Christian Religion, 2 Vols|I was always exceedingly delighted with that saying of Chrysostom, "The foundation of our philosophy is humility"; and yet more pleased with that of Augustine: "As the orator, when asked, What is the first precept in eloquence? answered, Delivery: What is the second? Delivery: What is the third? Delivery: so if you ask me concerning the precepts of the Christian religion, I will answer, first, second, and third, Humility.
Jane Austen, Mansfield Park|Children of the same family, the same blood, with the same first associations and habits, have some means of enjoyment in their power, which no subsequent connections can supply.
Anna Jarzab, All Unquiet Things|My mouth hung slightly open, i was getting ready to sat something important. what i wanted to say was: I's so, so sorry. but instead I said, "i love you." Only then, when i said it out loud, did i know that it was true.Carly threaded her fingers through mine and i squeezed her hand. She said it back to me, and i was relieved in a way that i wasn't expecting. i didn't know that i needed her to say it until she did. i was so grateful; i leaned down and kissed her fearlessly, which was unlike me. When she kissed me back, i brought my hand up and cupped the nape of her neck, pulling her hair with clumsy fingers. i tried to back off, to apologize for hurting her, but she kept me close, kissing me softly at first, then hard and fast until the lines between us blurred.
Fatema Mernissi|When you are in trouble, you need to put all your energies into thinking that there is a way out. Then, the bottom, the dark hole, becomes just a springboard from which you can leap so high that your head might hit a cloud.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Heavenly Father, your ears are ever open to our prayers.Save us now!
Anthony Liccione|Don’t pass on your passions, to settle in the stale normality. Endure. Strive. Ensure.
James Joyce|Thomas make it easy to cave to temptation with his golden - blond hair, muscle from head to toe and sexy brooding expression a few girls have written about in poems.
Dominic Riccitello|It was perfect, but perfection is terrifying.
Lydia Millet, How the Dead Dream|When you see a lion tearing apart a zebra, what sort of divine order you see there? What we see there is nothing but savagery, injustice and chaos, in short, we see a primitive disorder, we see an evolutionary cruelty and a primitive disturbance deprived of any kind of ethics!
Alice  Miller, The Drama of the Gifted Child: The Search for the True Self|Without realizing that the past is constantly determining their present actions, they avoid learning anything about their history. They continue to live in their repressed childhood situation, ignoring the fact that is no longer exists, continuing to fear and avoid dangers that, although once real, have not been real for a long time.
Malcolm X, The Autobiography of Malcolm X|Because drugs have become so profitable, major medical journals rarely publish studies on nondrug treatments of mental health problems.31 Practitioners who explore treatments are typically marginalized as “alternative.” Studies of nondrug treatments are rarely funded unless they involve so-called manualized protocols, where patients and therapists go through narrowly prescribed sequences that allow little fine-tuning to individual patients’ needs. Mainstream medicine is firmly committed to a better life through chemistry, and the fact that we can actually change our own physiology and inner equilibrium by means other than drugs is rarely considered.
Anton Chekhov, The Complete Short Novels|To leave town, and the struggle and the swim of life, and go and hide yourself in a farmhouse is not life -- it is egoism, laziness; it is a kind of monasticism, but monasticism without action. A man needs, not six feet of land, not a farm, but the whole earth, all Nature, where in full liberty he can display all the properties and qualities of the free spirit.
William Sterrett, Insights Into Action: Successful School Leaders Share What Works|I fancy my father thought me an odd child, and had little fondness for me; though he was very careful in fulfilling what he regarded as a parent's duties. But he was already past the middle of life, and I was not his only son. My mother had been his second wife, and he was five-and-forty when he married her. He was a firm, unbending, intensely orderly man, in root and stem a banker, but with a flourishing graft of the active landholder, aspiring to county influence: one of those people who are always like themselves from day to day, who are uninfluenced by the weather, and neither know melancholy nor high spirits. I held him in great awe, and appeared more timid and sensitive in his presence than at other times; a circumstance which, perhaps, helped to confirm him in the intention to educate me on a different plan from the prescriptive one with which he had complied in the case of my elder brother, already a tall youth at Eton. My brother was to be his representative and successor; he must go to Eton and Oxford, for the sake of making connexions, of course: my father was not a man to underrate the bearing of Latin satirists or Greek dramatists on the attainment of an aristocratic position. But intrinsically, he had slight esteem for "those dead but sceptred spirits"; having qualified himself for forming an independent opinion by reading Potter's Aeschylus, and dipping into Francis's Horace. To this negative view he added a positive one, derived from a recent connexion with mining speculations; namely, that scientific education was the really useful training for a younger son. Moreover, it was clear that a shy, sensitive boy like me was not fit to encounter the rough experience of a public school. Mr. Letherall had said so very decidedly. Mr. Letherall was a large man in spectacles, who one day took my small head between his large hands, and pressed it here and there in an exploratory, suspicious manner - then placed each of his great thumbs on my temples, and pushed me a little way from him, and stared at me with glittering spectacles. The contemplation appeared to displease him, for he frowned sternly, and said to my father, drawing his thumbs across my eyebrows -'The deficiency is there, sir-there; and here,' he added, touching the upper sides of my head, 'here is the excess. That must be brought out, sir, and this must be laid to sleep.'I was in a state of tremor, partly at the vague idea that I was the object of reprobation, partly in the agitation of my first hatred - hatred of this big, spectacled man, who pulled my head about as if he wanted to buy and cheapen it. ("The Lifted Veil")
Marina Keegan, The Opposite of Loneliness: Essays and Stories|He couldn't be more than forty-five, but Murray Miles was stooped, old before his time. The mountains of Alberta had the ability to bend those who lived here.That, or it broke them.
Leigh Bardugo, Siege and Storm|I opened my mouth, but the same words came to me again and again.I will not scream. I will not scream. I will not scream.
Karen Lee Richards|The addiction crisis is terrifying, and many people don’t comprehend appropriate opioid use. When I first started taking pain medication, I remember a family member saying, “Dianne, you’re going to become an addict!”We need to help people understand that taking pain medicine to maximize one’s ability to be productive and to sustain enriching relationships is very different than the disease of addiction, which limits one’s ability to contribute to society and maintain healthy habits.
Sarah Cross, Kill Me Softly|You couldn't hide from bad things and pretend they didn't exist–that left you with a dream world, and dream worlds eventually crumbled. You had to face the truth. And then decide what you wanted.
Michael Buckley, The Problem Child|By the way, you don't need the makeup." Puck said.
Nina LaCour, Hold Still|Whenever Ingrid and I got out of the suburbs, into Berkeley or San Francisco, and saw how other people lived, Ingrid would cry at the smallest of things- a little boy walking home by himself, a discarded cardboard sign saying HUNGRY PLEASE HELP. She would snap a picture, and by the time she lowered her camera, tears would already be falling. I always felt kind of guilty that I didn't feel as sad as she did, but now, watching Dylan, I think that's probably a good thing. I mean, you see a million terrible things every day, on the news and in the paper, and in real life. I'm not saying that it's stupid to feel sad, just that it would be impossible to let everything get to you and still get some sleep at night.
James Allen|It is by developing the individual that he is prepared for that wonderful manifestation of the human intelligence, which drawing constitutes. The ability to see reality in form, in color, in proportion, to be master of the movements of one's own hand - that is what is necessary.
Peter T. King|I know from my own experience that there is much more to 'intelligence' than an IQ number. In fact, I hesitate to believe that any system could really reflect the complexity and uniqueness of one person's mind, or meaningfully describe the nature of his or her potential.
Nikos Kazantzakis, Saint Francis|It is impossible for me to remember how many days or weeks went by in this way. Time is round, and it rolls quickly.
Lewis Hyde, Alcohol and Poetry: John Berryman and the Booze Talking|But neither money nor machines can create. They shuttle tokens of energy, but they do not transform. A civilization based on them puts people out of touch with their creative powers.
Leo Babauta, Focus: A Simplicity Manifesto in the Age of Distraction|Find a quiet place, and just read. If you’re reading an ebook, clear away everything else but your ebook reader.Then you settle into the reading, and enjoy it. Bask in the luxury of reading without distractions.
Ben Dyer|He was a bureaucrat, not a hitman, and most of the time that's what supervillainy looks like in real life.
Immanuel Kant|When my grandfather was born, there was no healthcare. There were no airplanes. There were no boats. There were no trains. There were no communications. No Internet. No widespread knowledge. It will be a completely different world but a much better place in a hundred years.
Howard Fast|Surfing is my religion, if I have one.
Dallas Willard, Hearing God: Developing a Conversational Relationship with God|The cross where Jesus died became also the cross where His apostle died. The loss, the rejection, the shame, belong both to Christ and to all who in very truth are His. the cross that saves them also slays them, and anything short of this is a pseudo-faith and not true faith at all.
Sylvia Earle|When you go to a great concert, you feel this arc, almost like the music of a well-chosen set takes you on this trip through emotions and through various forms of intellectual engagement.
Bonnie Zackson Koury|Life is not a game. Still, in this life, we choose the games we live to play.
Michele Jaffe, Kitty Kitty|I wanted to wake you straightaway, but I knew I had to wait several hours to ensure you were safely recovered.""What! How long has it been?""Five minutes. I got bored.
Larken Rose|Give a man a fish, and you feed him for a day.Teach a man to fish, and you feed him for a lifetime.Steal a fish from one guy and give it to another--and keep doing that on a daily basis--and you'll make the first guy pissed off, but you'll make the second guy lazy and dependent on you. Then you can tell the second guy that the first guy is greedy for wanting to keep the fish he caught. Then the second guy will cheer for you to steal more fish. Then you can prohibit anyone from fishing without getting permission from you. Then you can expand the racket, stealing fish from more people and buying the loyalty of others. Then you can get the recipients of the stolen fish to act as your hired thugs. Then you can ... well, you know the rest.
Steven Pinker, The Language Instinct: How the Mind Creates Language|There's a world of difference between, "Look at this mess you made!" and "I don't like to see food on the floor!
Janet Rebhan, Finding Tranquility Base: A Novel|I’m a survivor. And like the moon, I have a feeling it would take a truly spectacular event to keep me from taking my place in the scheme of things, waxing, waning, and eclipsing notwithstanding.
Really Rashida, From Bruises To Beauty|They‟re from my best friend,” I said. “They‟re from my best gay friend, Curtis Chapman.” He stood there, frozen, possibly thinking I was joking. “Curtis won‟t be back. He got out… he was saved. He won‟t have to be called names, picked on, tortured, and assaulted anymore. He‟s gone to a different school, and your days of bullying him are over.” “Jon, the kid‟s a fag!” “And he‟s my best friend, and I love him… and so does God
Debasish Mridha|In a very romantic moment,I want only love, not a comment.
Lauryn Doll|Sexuality, like creativity, is a gift from God.
Louis Theroux|For the record, I believe in God, but I do not believe in religion, period.
Debbie Ford|I always look at money not as a motivating factor but as an element in the composition. You can't ignore it, but you've got to be very careful that it's not motivating you.
Erich Fromm, To Have or to Be? The Nature of the Psyche|The supremacy of cerebral, manipulative thinking goes together with an atrophy of emotional life.
Terri Cheney, Manic: A Memoir|...love is a chemical imbalance, too. That perilous highs and desperate lows and extravagant flurries of mood are not always symptoms of a broken mind, but signs of a beating heart.
Alfred North Whitehead|In the conditions of modern life the rule is absolute, the race which does not value trained intelligence is doomed.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Hush, Hush|You don't happen to have a thousand dollars I can borrow?" "I don't have five you can borrow. My piggy bank is officialy anorexic.
Wilkie Collins, The Woman in White|The woman who first gives life, light, and form to our shadowy conceptions of beauty, fills a void in our spiritual nature that has remained unknown to us till she appeared. Sympathies that lie too deep for words, too deep almost for thoughts, are touched, at such times, by other charms than those which the senses feel and which the resources of expression can realise. The mystery which underlies the beauty of women is never raised above the reach of all expression until it has claimed kindred with the deeper mystery in our own souls.
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|Feeling entitled is the opposite of feeling grateful. Gratitude opens the heart, entitlement closes it.
Amit Kalantri|A painting shouldn't be just a picture, it should be a philosophy.
Murong Xuecun|Genuine bravery for a writer.... It is about calmly speaking the truth when everyone else is silenced, when the truth cannot be expressed. It is about speaking out with a different voice, risking the wrath of the state and offending everyone, for the sake of the truth, and the writer’s conscience.
Moutasem Algharati|When national ideals are confined to insignificant issues reflective primarily of a personal choice, there lies a problem of distorted priorities.
Toni Morrison|I don't believe any real artists have ever been non-political. They may have been insensitive to this particular plight or insensitive to that, but they were political, because that's what an artist is―a politician.
Kunal  Sen|Unhappily, things get clearer as we go along. I perceive that I have no body. What's less, I've been speaking of myself without delight or alternative as self-consciousness pure and sour; I declare now that even that isn't true. I'm not aware of myself at all, as far as I know. I don't think. . . I know what I'm talking about.
DeiAmor Verus, Talk to God|Around the lunch table everyone seems to have given something up---dairy, meat, gluten, sugar, carbs. Only in a land of plenty could people voluntarily go without so much.
Johannes Kepler|We ought not to ask why the human mind troubles to fathom the secrets of the universe. The diversity of the phenomena of nature is so great, and the treasures hidden in the skies so rich, precisely in order that the human mind shall never be lacking in fresh nourishment.
Albert Einstein|It is a special blessing to belong among those who can and may devote their best energies to the contemplation and exploration of objective and timeless things. How happy and grateful I am for having been granted this blessing, which bestows upon one a large measure of independence from one's personal fate and from the attitude of one's contemporaries. Yet this independence must not inure us to the awareness of the duties that constantly bind us to the past, present and future of humankind at large.Our situation on this earth seems strange. Every one of us appears here, involuntarily and uninvited, for a short stay, without knowing the why and the wherefore. In our daily lives we feel only that man is here for the sake of others, for those whom we love and for many other beings whose fate is connected with our own.I am often troubled by the thought that my life is based to such a large extent on the work of my fellow human beings, and I am aware of my great indebtedness to them.I do not believe in free will. Schopenhauer's words: 'Man can do what he wants, but he cannot will what he wills,' accompany me in all situations throughout my life and reconcile me with the actions of others, even if they are rather painful to me. This awareness of the lack of free will keeps me from taking myself and my fellow men too seriously as acting and deciding individuals, and from losing my temper.I have never coveted affluence and luxury and even despise them a good deal. My passion for social justice has often brought me into conflict with people, as has my aversion to any obligation and dependence I did not regard as absolutely necessary.[Part 2]I have a high regard for the individual and an insuperable distaste for violence and fanaticism. All these motives have made me a passionate pacifist and antimilitarist. I am against any chauvinism, even in the guise of mere patriotism.Privileges based on position and property have always seemed to me unjust and pernicious, as does any exaggerated personality cult. I am an adherent of the ideal of democracy, although I know well the weaknesses of the democratic form of government. Social equality and economic protection of the individual have always seemed to me the important communal aims of the state.Although I am a typical loner in daily life, my consciousness of belonging to the invisible community of those who strive for truth, beauty, and justice keeps me from feeling isolated.The most beautiful and deepest experience a man can have is the sense of the mysterious. It is the underlying principle of religion as well as of all serious endeavour in art and science. He who never had this experience seems to me, if not dead, then at least blind. To sense that behind anything that can be experienced there is a something that our minds cannot grasp, whose beauty and sublimity reaches us only indirectly: this is religiousness. In this sense I am religious. To me it suffices to wonder at these secrets and to attempt humbly to grasp with my mind a mere image of the lofty structure of all there is.
Peter Geye|Why should we isolate people who are brave enough to try to become like us--who want to help people? Why should we treat them as if they're less than us, until they prove their worthiness or die? I won't do it.
Christopher Hitchens|The little boats cannot make much difference to the welfare of Gaza either way, since the materials being shipped are in such negligible quantity. The chief significance of the enterprise is therefore symbolic. And the symbolism, when examined even cursorily, doesn't seem too adorable. The intended beneficiary of the stunt is a ruling group with close ties to two of the most retrograde dictatorships in the Middle East, each of which has recently been up to its elbows in the blood of its own civilians. The same group also manages to maintain warm relations with, or at the very least to make cordial remarks about, both Hezbollah and al-Qaida. Meanwhile, a document that was once accurately described as a 'warrant for genocide' forms part of the declared political platform of the aforesaid group. There is something about this that fails to pass a smell test.
Richelle Mead, Last Sacrifice|The Quiet WorldIn an effort to get people to lookinto each other’s eyes more,and also to appease the mutes,the government has decidedto allot each person exactly one hundred and sixty-seven words, per day.When the phone rings, I put it to my ear without saying hello. In the restaurant I point at chicken noodle soup.I am adjusting well to the new way.Late at night, I call my long distance l
RVM|LOVE is meant to make you Happy, not sad. What's the use of Love, if it makes you mad!
Max Lucado, He Chose the Nails|It is of the utmost importance to us to be kept humble. Consciousness of self-importance is a hateful delusion, but one into which we fall as naturally as weeds grow on a dunghill. We cannot be used of the Lord but that we also dream of personal greatness, we think ourselves almost indispensible to the church, pillars of the cause, and foundations of the temple of God. We are nothings and nobodies, but that we do not think so is very evident, for as soon as we are put on the shelf we begin anxiously to enquire, ‘How will the work go on without me?’ As well might the fly on the coach wheel enquire, ‘How will the mails be carried without me?’ Far better men have been laid in the grave without having brought the Lord’s work to a standstill, and shall we fume and fret because for a little season we must lie upon the bed of languishing? God sometimes weakens our strength in a way at the precise juncture when our presence seems most needed to teach us that we are not necessary to God’s work, and that when we are most useful, He can easily do without us. If this be the practical lesson, the rough schooling may be easily endured for assuredly it is beyond all things desirable that self should be kept low and the Lord alone be magnified.
Kelly Creagh, Nevermore|So." [Isobel] cleared her throat. "What are we doing?""We," [Varen] said at last, "are doing a project on Poe.""Didn't he marry his cousin or something?""The man is a literary god and that's all you have to say?
Charles E. Moore, Provocations: Spiritual Writings of Kierkegaard|The speculative thinker makes Christianity into theology, instead of recognizing that a living relationship to Christ involves passion, struggle, decision, personal appropriation, and inner transformation.' (Moore's summary of Kierkegaard)
Donna Lynn Hope|Nobody has ever looked at me the way he’s looking at me at this moment. Like I’m his possession. Like if anyone else were to touch me, he’d break both their legs and an arm for good measure.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Don’t leave your life behind as you live life! You have a true life to live! Live life and learn life! Face life and challenge life! Challenge life and win life! Win life and understand life! Life is a challenge and we are here to challenge and win life! Not until you wake up to be a master of your life, you shall always keep sleeping on your own destiny! All good and great hunters once upon a time shot wrongly, missed a good prey, went home tired and weary without a prey, and they met the most heartbreaking moments, but regardless of their slips and all that they endured, their biggest glory always came from the wild animals they could kill with their mere weapons!
Melissa Marr, Wicked Lovely|Can I join you at lunch?" She paused. "You have every other day." He laughed, a sound as musical as the chiming song of the lupine fey when they ran. "Yes. But you resented it every other day." "What makes you think I won't resent it today?" "Hope. It's what I live on...
Julie Klassen, The Innkeeper of Ivy Hill|Manage the inn, Jane, save it. Have a mission in life. Discover that work worth doing is about more than profit and toil. It's about using the gifts and ability you've been given to serve your fellow man and please your Maker.
Michael Bassey Johnson|I will always hate war, but will be forever proud of mine.
Neil Armstrong|While there is perhaps a province in which the photograph can tell us nothing more than what we see with our own eyes, there is another in which it proves to us how little our eyes permit us to see.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|One of the bigger mistakes of our time, I suppose, was preaching the demonization of all judgment without teaching how to judge righteously. We now live in an age where, apart from the inability to bear even good judgment when it so passes by, still everyone, inevitably, has a viral opinion (judgment) about everything and everyone, but little skill in good judgment as its verification or harness.
Riccardo Bruni, The Lion and the Rose|Lenin held that religion was a simply product of social oppression and economic exploitation. 'The social oppression of toiling masses, their apparent complete helplessness before the blind forces of capitalism ... that is the deepest contemporary root of religion'. Theoretically it followed from this that the elimination of social and economic evils should lead to the disappearance of religious belief. In practice, however, the party has never shown any confidence that this would happen: it has not felt able to concede the churches toleration, and let them decline of their own accord. On the contrary, from the beginning it has aimed at the destruction of the churches and the forcible secularization of believers. With the exemption of the years 1941-53, that has remained the case ever since.
De philosopher DJ Kyos|When we overlook the errors of people we like and favour. We are crippling the society, because others look up to them and are copying from them. They will copy also their errors. One day we will be complaining why things are like this.
Glenn Pemberton, Hurting with God|We live in a world that is beyond our control, and life is in a constant flux of change. So we have a decision to make: keep trying to control a storm that is not going to go away or start learning how to live within the rain.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|As Moses threw whatever in his hand on the ground,so does hand should do what it can to earn miracles.
Berry Gordy|I know what I've done for music, but don't call me a legend. Just call me Miles Davis.
Martin Luther|A basic reality of life is that we all struggle. We hurt and have hurt other people. We all feel lost sometimes. This isn’t all we are, but it is a part of who we are. The only question I have when I’m with someone is, “Can they admit it? And will they let me admit it too?
Michael Robotham, Watching You|Bottom line, when someone defensively says their way of writing is their style, then that usually means they're making an excuse for poor prose.
John Milton, Paradise Lost|His fists clenched at his sides. 'Damn it! Where's your pride?' 'Pride? It's in my heart, of course.' 'You're letting me demean you!' She smiled. 'You can't do that. I can only demean myself.
Sam Owen, 500 Relationships And Life Quotes: Bite-Sized Advice For Busy People|Introspection and observation of others are vital for the ongoing good health of our own psyche; watch, learn and tweak as required.
Simone de Beauvoir, The Second Sex|The feminine body is expected to be flesh, but discreetly so;
Henry David Thoreau, Civil Disobedience, Solitude & Life Without Principle|Sometimes, the scales of justice find a level of their own, without our help... And sometimes, in seeking justice, we don't always serve it.
Deepak Chopra, The Book of Secrets: Unlocking the Hidden Dimensions of Your Life|Meeting a stranger can be totally fleeting and meaningless, for example, unless you enter the individual’s world by finding out at least one thing that is meaningful to his or her life and exchange at lest one genuine feeling. Tuning in to others is a circular flow: you send yourself out toward people; you receive them as they respond to you.
Francesca Marciano|Whenever she walked along the streets of Manhattan, she looked at all the different faces coming toward her and, despite their different features and colors, she regarded them all as Americans.
Erich Fromm, The Art of Loving|It's time we woke up, women are pretty much people, seems to me. I know they dress like fools- but who´s to blame for that? We invent all those idiotic hats of theirs, and design their crazy fashions, and, what's more, if a woman is courageous enough to wear common-sense clothes -and shoes- which of us wants to dance with her? Yes, we blame them for gratifying us, but are we willing to let our wives work? We are not. It hurts our pride, that's all. We are always criticizing them for doing mercenary marriages, but what do we call a girl who marries a chump with no money? Just a poor fool, that's all. And they know it. As for Mother Eve- I wasn't there and I can't deny the story, but I will say this. If she brought evil into the world, we men have had the loin's share of keeping it going ever since- how about that?
Ophélia Darwish, Revenge|[We learn] from heartbreak that love is not for idealists, but realists; it should always be passionate, but it is always dangerous. That infatuation is a game of power, but love leaves us powerless--and it is our dignity in its aftermath that defines us.
Jessica Fortunato, The Sin Collector|Coincidences are like unicorns.you can believe in them all you want,but that doesn't make them real
Ted Chiang, Lightspeed Magazine, December 2012|And then there will be the times when I see you laughing. Like the time you’ll be playing with the neighbor’s puppy, poking your hands through the chain-link fence separating our back yards, and you’ll be laughing so hard you’ll start hiccupping. The puppy will run inside the neighbor’s house, and your laughter will gradually subside, letting you catch your breath. Then the puppy will come back to the fence to lick your fingers again, and you’ll shriek and start laughing again. It will be the most wonderful sound I could ever imagine, a sound that makes me feel like a fountain, or a wellspring.
Carl Sagan|Engineering or technology is all about using the power of science to make life better for people, to reduce cost, to improve comfort, to improve productivity, etc.
Nicholas Sparks|So, it's not gonna be easy. It's gonna be really hard. We're gonna have to work at this every day, but I want to do that because I want you. I want all of you, forever, you and me, every day. Will you do something for me, please? Just picture your life for me? Thirty years from now, forty years from now? What's it look like? If it's with him- go. Go! I lost you once, I think I can do it again, if I thought that's what you really wanted. But don't you take the easy way out.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you pray, you can endure any pain.
Glen Duncan, By Blood We Live|Mike’s brain was hardwired directly into his genitals and most higher functions appeared to have switched themselves off. In other words, he was just like most men.
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|Choosing to be honest is the first step in the process of love. There is no practitioner of love who deceives. Once the choice has been made to be honest, then the next step on love's path is communication.
John Cheever, The Stories of John Cheever|Every man's condition is a solution in hieroglyphic to those inquiries he would put. He acts it as life, before he apprehends it as truth. In like manner, nature is already, in its forms and tendencies, describing its own design. Let us interrogate the great apparition, that shines so peacefully around us. Let us inquire, to what end is nature?
Charles W. Chesnutt|The workings of the human heart are the profoundest mystery of the universe. One moment they make us despair of our kind, and the next we see in them the reflection of the divine image.
Stephen and Tiffany Domena|Sin says, "Do you think that people get married with aspirations to divorce? Do you think that people try drugs with the motive to be addicted? No. It is not merely the act that you see taking place, but it is I that has taken their minds captive. I have played the lobes of their minds like the strings on a harp; soothing them and making them feel, see, and hear the images that they desire in their innermost being.
Garth Nix, Lady Friday|Knowledge, like all things, is best in moderation," intoned the Will. "Knowing everything means you don't need to think, and that is very dangerous.
Dianna Hardy, The Sands Of Time|The thought of talking about it made Pueblo's gut ache, but then he thought of everything that Amy had been through – not that she'd told him her version yet. She had balls of steel, he thought with a smile. And what did he have? Three pairs of loin cloths going crisp on the radiator.
Antonella Gambotto-Burke, Mama: Dispatches from the Frontline of Love|My generation was, in effect, the product of a social experiment. If we did not understand marital intimacy, it was because we had not seen it modelled. We lurched from relationship to relationship, dazzled by the newness of meaninglessness, relentless in our search for something even the most perceptive of us could not identify.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we pray, we shall prosper.
Aldous Huxley|Tis only when faced with our own mortality that we truly realize what it means to be alive,
Sanjida Kay, The Stolen Child|I think about the story I always tell her – of the kind lady who gave her to us. I suppose that must be how she imagines her father – as a kind man who gave her away too, as if she were a gift. Only now he wants her back.
I.M. Pei|Architecture is the very mirror of life. You only have to cast your eyes on buildings to feel the presence of the past, the spirit of a place; they are the reflection of society.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Christians are to be “the light of the world” [Matthew 5:14], illuminating the darkness caused by sin and giving guidance to a world that has lost its way.
Amit Kalantri|You have given intelligence to find one solution, and imagination to find ten.
David Mitchell|Sometimes I think that creativity is a matter of seeing, or stumbling over, unobvious similarities between things—like composing a fresh metaphor, but on a more complex scale. One night in Hiroshima it occurred to me that the moon behind a certain cloud formation looked very like a painkiller dissolving in a glass of water. I didn’t work toward that simile, it was simply there: I was mugged, as it were, by the similarity between these two very different things. Literary composition can be a similar process. The writer’s real world and the writer’s fictional world are compared, and these comparisons turned into text. But other times literary composition can be a plain old slog, and nothing to do with zones or inspiration. It’s world making and the peopling of those worlds, complete with time lines and heartache.
Kristin Cashore, Bitterblue|If you do not waste, you do not want.
Jenny Nimmo, Charlie Bone and the Time Twister|You cannot go and warn him," Saeunn said sternly. "It is too late. You would never find him.""I know," said Renn without turning her head.To herself she added, But I've still got to try.
Julien Gracq, A Balcony in the Forest|Simplicity is NOT boring. Simplicity is not self-denial. It is an indulgence, providing you with a wealth of time and space.Simplicity IS discerning the essential from the unessential. Simplicity is having room for the unexpected. It is savoring life.Most of all, simplicity is freedom: It's freedom to choose what you want in your life because you're not letting in everything that shows up. It's freedom to do what you want because you're not already committed to more obligations than you can handle and the maintenance of more objects than you'll ever use.
Walter Kaufmann, Without Guilt and Justice: From Decidophobia to Autonomy|The Golden Rule is intolerable; if millions did to others whatever they wished others to do to them, few would be safe from molestation. The Golden Rule shows anything but moral genius, and the claim by which it is followed in the Sermon on the Mount -- 'this is the Law and the Prophets' -- makes little sense.
Daniel Alexander Brackins, Private Property, Law, and the State|Any system of ethics must account for scarcity. If it doesn’t, humanity would perish due to misallocation of finite resources, including one’s own body.
Meister Eckhart|When God laughs at the soul and the soul laughs back at God, the persons of the Trinity are begotten. When the Father laughs at the Son and the Son laughs back at the Father, that laughter gives pleasure, that pleasure gives joy, that joy gives love, and that love is the Holy Spirit.
Sally Chandra|Your life will fly by, so make sure you're the pilot.
William Shakespeare, Twelfth Night|The beautiful is powerless but always exceeds what frames it, and what always frames it is discourse.
Sophia Amoruso|If you have the insight of non-self, if you have the insight of impermanence, you should make that insight into a concentration that you keep alive throughout the day. Then what you say, what you think, and what you do will then be in the light of that wisdom and you will avoid making mistakes and creating suffering.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If I simply look at the map that I’ve so tediously created, it will explain why I’m laying at the bottom of this cliff looking up.
Carter Dickson, The Cavalier's Cup|I never met a gal who represented a mystery to me in quite the fetchin' way you did. It'd be dull and dreary just to find out how a crook got in and out of a locked room to steal a gold-and-jewelled cup. But it's very rummy, and fascinates the old man a bit, to wonder why a crook didn't steal a gold-and-jewelled cup he should have stolen.
The Great Camryn|The truth is that the more intimately you know someone, the more clearly you’ll see their flaws. That’s just the way it is. This is why marriages fail, why children are abandoned, why friendships don’t last. You might think you love someone until you see the way they act when they’re out of money or under pressure or hungry, for goodness’ sake. Love is something different. Love is choosing to serve someone and be with someone in spite of their filthy heart. Love is patient and kind, love is deliberate. Love is hard. Love is pain and sacrifice, it’s seeing the darkness in another person and defying the impulse to jump ship.
Edward Thomas|I lay awake listening to the rain, and at first it was as pleasant to my ear and my mind as it had long been desired; but before I fell asleep it had become a majestic and finally a terrible thing, instead of a sweet sound and symbol. It was accusing and trying me and passing judgment. Long I lay still under the sentence, listening to the rain, and then at last listening to words which seemed to be spoken by a ghostly double beside me. He was muttering: The all-night rain puts out summer like a torch. In the heavy, black rain falling straight from invisible, dark sky to invisible, dark earth the heat of summer is annihilated, the splendour is dead, the summer is gone. The midnight rain buries it away where it has buried all sound but its own. I am alone in the dark still night, and my ear listens to the rain piping in the gutters and roaring softly in the trees of the world. Even so will the rain fall darkly upon the grass over the grave when my ears can hear it no more…The summer is gone, and never can it return. There will never be any summer any more, and I am weary of everything… I am alone.The truth is that the rain falls for ever and I am melting into it. Black and monotonously sounding is the midnight and solitude of the rain. In a little while or in an age – for it is all one – I shall know the full truth of the words I used to love, I knew not why, in my days of nature, in the days before the rain: ‘Blessed are the dead that the rain rains on.
Roderick Vincent, The Cause|You see that God deems it right to take from me any claim to merit for what you call my devotion to you. I have promised to remain forever with you, and now I could not break my promise if I would. The treasure will be no more mine than yours, and neither of us will quit this prison. But my real treasure is not that, my dear friend, which awaits me beneath the somber rocks of Monte Cristo, it is your presence, our living together five or six hours a day, in spite of our jailers; it is the rays of intelligence you have elicited from my brain, the languages you have implanted in my memory, and which have taken root there with all of their philological ramifications. These different sciences that you have made so easy to me by the depth of the knowledge you possess of them, and the clearness of the principles to which you have reduced them – this is my treasure, my beloved friend, and with this you have made me rich and happy. Believe me, and take comfort, this is better for me than tons of gold and cases of diamonds, even were they not as problematical as the clouds we see in the morning floating over the sea, which we take for terra firma, and which evaporate and vanish as we draw near to them. To have you as long as possible near me, to hear your eloquent speech, -- which embellishes my mind, strengthens my soul, and makes my whole frame capable of great and terrible things, if I should ever be free, -- so fills my whole existence, that the despair to which I was just on the point of yielding when I knew you, has no longer any hold over me; this – this is my fortune – not chimerical, but actual. I owe you my real good, my present happiness; and all the sovereigns of the earth, even Caesar Borgia himself, could not deprive me of this.
Tom Wolfe, I am Charlotte Simmons|Loneliness wasn't just a state of mind, was it? It was tactile. She could feel it. It was a sixth sense, not in some fanciful play of words, but physically. It hurt... it hurt like phagocytes devouring the white matter of her brain. It was merely that she had no friends. She didn't even have a sanctuary in which she could simply be alone.
Mahrukh|The world has achieved the most of so far, now it is after losing everything in this race of power.
Victor Hugo|No better way is there to learn to love Nature than to understand Art. It dignifies every flower of the field. And, the boy who sees the thing of beauty which a bird on the wing becomes when transferred to wood or canvas will probably not throw the customary stone.
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America|We love America just as much as they do. But in a different way. You see, they love America like a 4-year-old loves his mommy. Liberals love America like grown-ups. To a 4-year-old, everything Mommy does is wonderful and anyone who criticizes Mommy is bad. Grown-up love means actually understanding what you love, taking the good with the bad and helping your loved one grow.
James Wong Howe|Actually, I think my view is compatible with much of the work going on now in neuroscience and psychology, where people are studying the relationship of consciousness to neural and cognitive processes without really trying to reduce it to those processes.
A.E. Via|Furi found Patrick in the kitchen loosening his tie. Damn the man could wear a suit. The black designer suit had fine lavender pinstripes that Patrick accented perfectly with a light purple tie. Furi would no doubt be responsible for getting the suits his husband traveled with to the cleaners and returned to his closet. He didn’t know how he’d become his husband's personal assistant, but it had happened, and to avoid argument, Furi didn’t refuse Patrick's requests.
Munindra Misra|As someone has said "gods" is not really the plural of God; God has no plural.
James Thurber|I wear a necklace, cause I wanna know when I'm upside down.
Ann Patchett, Truth And Beauty|I was starting to wonder if I was ready to be a writer, not someone who won prizes, got published and was given the time and space to work, but someone who wrote as a course of life. Maybe writing wouldn't have any rewards. Maybe the salvation I would gain through work would only be emotional and intellectual. Wouldn't that be enough, to be a waitress who found an hour or two hidden in every day to write?
Kiera Woodhull, Chaos of the Mind|I fix the cramped, lined pageswith my curious stare. How do youcome to exist?
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, Essence of Reality: A Clear Awareness of How Life Works|Even though this deity (the Christian God with a capital "G") has evolved through its 2000 years, it somehow maintains in its current version all old characteristics, whether conflicting or consistent: readiness to punish but ability to heal, vindictiveness yet forgiveness, utter cruelty to outside nonbelievers but looking for converts, etc.
Will Ferrell|Devices are getting smarter - your television, your car - and that means more data spread around. There needs to be a fabric that connects all these devices. That's what we do.
John Madden|As legal residents, immigrants would contribute more in taxes, spend more at our businesses, start companies of their own and create more jobs. Immigration is not a problem for us to solve but an opportunity for America to seize.
Phil Mitchell, A Bright New Morning: An American Story|Being on the frontier, as I've said, required doing rather than imagining: clearing land, building shelter, obtaining food supplies. Frontiers test ideologies like nothing else. There is no time for the theoretical. That, ultimately, is why America has not been friendly to communism, fascism, or other, more benign forms of utopianism. Idealized concepts have rarely taken firm root in America, and so intellectuals have had to look to Europe for inspiration. People here are too busy making money - an extension, of course, of the frontier ethos, with its emphasis on practical initiative.
John Corey Whaley, Noggin|But in that moment I understood what they say about nostalgia, that no matter if you're thinking of something good or bad, it always leaves you a little emptier afterward.
Orhan Pamuk, Snow|India has known the innocence and insouciance of childhood, the passionand abandon of youth, and the ripe wisdom of maturity that comes from long experience of pain and pleasure; and over and over a gain she has renewed her childhood and youth and age
Thomas   Moore|In the technological world...it is no longer a question of dominating nature or society in order to be more free or more happy, but of mastery for mastery's sake, of domination for the sake of domination. Why? For no end, precisely, or rather: because it is quite simply impossible to do otherwise, given the nature of societies entirely governed by competition, by the absolute imperative to 'advance or perish'.
Nicola Barker, Darkmans|Oh how the candles will be lit and the wood of worm burn in a fiery dust. For on all Hallow's Eve will the spirits come to play, and only the fruit of thy womb will satisfy their endless roaming.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|There is an overflowing grace, for every great work.
Alice  Miller, The Drama of the Gifted Child: The Search for the True Self|Today it is hardly possible for any group to remain so isolated from others who have different values. Therefore it is necessary today for the individual to find support within himself. . . This strength within himself—through access to his own real needs and feelings and the possibility of expressing them—thus becomes crucially important for him on the one hand, and on the other made enormously more difficult through living in contact with various different value systems. These factors can probably explain the rapid increase of depression in our time and also the general fascination with various groups.
Murray Pura, Legion|He kissed her, and something moved between them, an unspoken bond pulling them together over what they had gone through and what they would face. But those memoires and thoughts faded away until there was nothing but the sensation of his lips on hers, the exchange of breath and the soft harmony of hearts beating. For one blissful moment they were nothing but feelings and physical sensation. The moment lasted a very long time.
John Dewey, Reconstruction in Philosophy|Scientific principles and laws do not lie on the surface of nature. They are hidden, and must be wrested from nature by an active and elaborate technique of inquiry. 
J.D. Salinger, Nine Stories|It was always the best way of finding out information; just go and ask a woman who keeps her eyes and ears open and who likes to talk. It always worked. It was no use asking men; they simply were not interested enough in other people and the ordinary doings of people. That is why the real historians of Africa had always been the grandmothers, who remembered the lineage and the stories that went with it.
Jodi Picoult, Harvesting the Heart|I knew that somewhere God was laughing. He had taken the other half of my heart, the one person who knew me better than I knew myself, and He had done what nothing else could do. By bringing us together, He had set into motion the one thing that could tear us apart.
Sarah J. Maas, Heir of Fire|Saying those words made a sharp, quick panic rise up in her, an aching pain that had her throat closing. “You left me,” she repeated. Maybe it was only out of blind terror at the abyss opening up again around her, but she whispered, “I have no one left. No one.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Cat's Cradle|There will come a time of fire and night, when enemies rise and empires fall, when the stars themselves begin to die.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh|I determine to render more and better service, each day, than I am being paid to render. Those that reach the top are the ones who are not content with doing only what is required of them.
Kirsten Beyer, Protectors|But even though Ruth's only a hair thinner than I am, she's way on the other side of the fat girl spectrum, looking at me from the safe, slightly smug distance of her own control and conviction.
Alexandra Adornetto, Halo|Maybe heaven was innocence, limbo was ignorance, and hell was fiery illumination.
Courtney Murphy|Sometimes in life, we need to be pushed to conquer our fears, challenge our nightmares, realized our dreams and achieved our goals, in order to be the best we can be. - CG Murphy
Alysha Speer, Sharden|When a poet settled down to write a poem, could he foresee the lines he would write? Did his head constantly spin with riddles and rhymes and was his only job to put them down? What if he couldn’t get them to make sense, and no one, not even the person he cared for most, could have pleasure in reading it? What would he do?
Kate Chopin, The Awakening|Betsy liked to talk. Her father always said she got it from her mother, and her mother always said she got it from her father. But whomever she got it from she was certainly a talker.
C.N. Faust, The Dragon's Disciples|In lieu of Tasers, you'll have to hit me. Hard as you can. Then maybe some kind of fight-or-flight response will kick in and I'll turn into a bat to get away from you.""Fight or flight.""Yes.""Only half of that is flight.
Kim Cattrall|One friend in a lifetime is much, two are many, three are hardly possible. Friendship needs a certain parallelism of life, a community of thought, a rivalry of aim.
Belinda Jeffrey, One Long Thread|It was tragic how life had sucked her down to the bones, all her spontaneity her laughter and freedom had vanished. I knew then that I didn't ever want to be like that. Whatever happened, life was something too precious to give up on so easily.
Sybil MacBeth, Praying in Color: Drawing a New Path to God|To my surprise, I had not just doodled, I had prayed (I drew new shapes and names of each friend and focused on the person whose name stared at me from the paper). I had though OF each person as I drew but not ABOUT each person. I could just sit with them in a variation on stillness. I could hold them in prayer.
Daniel Gottlieb|I think we owe it to our children to share our wisdom. If we share our wisdom for the purpose of changing our children, then that’s hitting them over the head with a hammer or shoving something down their throats. If the wisdom turns into advice, that’s selfish. But if we simply share ourselves and let our children know our hearts, then it’s a gift. And I think it’s a gift we’re responsible for giving them.
Kenneth Roberts, Oliver Wiswell|All of us know history repeats itself, but mighty few of us recognize the repetition until too late.
P. J. O'Rourke|With vocal and choral music, first and foremost, it's the text. Not only do I need to serve the text, but the text - when I'm doing it right - acts as the perfect 'blueprint', and all the architecture is there. The poet has done the heavy lifting, so my job is to find the soul of the poem and then somehow translate that into music.
Caitlyn Jenner|We're taught to be ashamed of confusion, anger, fear and sadness, and to me they're of equal value to happiness, excitement and inspiration.
Caroline Knapp, Drinking: A Love Story|The hard things in life, the things you really learn from, happen with a clear mind.
Groucho Marx|In times of great stress or adversity, it's always best to keep busy, to plow your anger and your energy into something positive.
Steve Toltz, A Fraction of the Whole|Are you listening, Jasper? Sometimes you'll be walking in the city late at night, and a woman walking in front of you will spin her head around and then cross the street simply because some members of your gender rape women and molest children!
Sarah Jakes, Lost and Found: Finding Hope in the Detours of Life|We are all imperfect and no one is without flaws. And fortunately, ministry is not about leading people to ourselves, it’s about leading them back to the One who saved us. How tragic…that we often allow the image of perfection to cloud the need to show where His strength is made perfect in us.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|What am I coming for?" he repeated, looking straight into her eyes. "You know that I have come to be where you are," he said; "I can't help it.
Yana Toboso|I don't want tea, I want justice!
Sunday Adelaja|By becoming the embodiment of His will, we make God real in the world
Yves Chauvin|Many have built their careers buttressing the status quo, reinforcing what they've already accomplished, and resisting the radical thinking that can topple their legacy - not exactly the attitude you want when trying to drive innovation forward.
Terry A. O'Neal|life weighs heavy upon my shoulders and patience starts wearing thin, it is divine hope and dreams which sustain me, pushing me forth against the wind.
Katherine J. Walden, Dare to Call Him Friend|God promises to be our Strong Tower, our Protector, our Champion, and our Advocate. He also promises that if we call Him friend we will see persecution; we will suffer, and we will go through the fires of sanctification. He promises to shake us out of our complacency. There is no safer place to be than in His presence, but He is not the God of the complacent.
Michel Houellebecq, Soumission|It seemed to him there was never much time with women. Before you could look at one twice, you were into an argument, and they were telling you what was going to happen.
Debasish Mridha|When you are able to fill your mind with tranquility and inner peace, this world becomes very peaceful.
Judith Pella|I didn't say you weren't, but moving on the hope that some man will hire you seems a bit risky.''No more so than diggin' in the dirt for your dreams—only to find it's your grave you've been diggin'.
Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh, When the Shoe Fits: Stories of the Taoist Mystic Chuang Tzu|There is a story told of one old wise man, whose name was Mencius. He was a follower of Confucius and he died when he was very, very old. Somebody asked him: If you were given life again, how will you start it? Said Mencius: I will pay more attention to my needs and less attention to my desires. And this realisation will come to you also. But it always comes very late and then life is no more in your hands. If you were given life again....
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Music had stirred him like that. Music had troubled him many times. But music was not articulate. It was not a new world, but rather an other chaos, that it created in us. Words! Mere words! How terrible they were! How clear, and vivid, and cruel! One could not escape from them. And yet what a subtle magic there was in them! They seemed to be able to give a plastic form to formless things, and to have a music of their own as sweet as that of viol or of lute. Mere words! Was there anything so real as words?
Jessica Mitford|You may not be able to change the world, but at least you can embarrass the guilty.
Russell J. Dorn|If you have to stretch that far to reach the justification you want, then perhaps you’re standing upon the wrong pedestal.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The quality of our lives lives, depends on the quality of our thoughts.
Lisa Scottoline, Every Fifteen Minutes|Chekhov. Well he was a bit of a lad. He had at least two dozen relationships, possibly three; some of them long term; most of the woman wanted to marry him and throughout that time he was still a constant frequenter of brothels. ‘‘Mercy. It’s a wonder he got time to write at all.
Violet Cross, Survivors: Secrets|I didn't even know this guy's name. I'd never heard him referred to as anything but "Plumber', a hideous nickname he'd dubbed himself for no other reason than that it had been his occupation Before. Oh, and he carried a wrench around as his signature weapon. The whole thing screamed sanity.Not.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Employment frees man from the nightmare of unemployment, while it chains him to his employer’s dream.
Nicole Krauss, The History of Love|Family! So sorry, forgive me. I thought I'd met all the mispocheh!
Jack David Eller, Cruel Creeds, Virtuous Violence: Religious Violence Across Culture and History|You hardly asked if I was okay the entire time we were together.” (Jessie)“Okay? You wanted me to ask you if you were okay? Jessie, I saw you! How could I think for one second you were okay? Do you think it’s normal for me to watch a girl being raped from the roof? But I was there, loaded down with enough guns to do some serious damage. And what did I do about it? Nothing. Because I could do nothing, because my sole goal was to get you safely out of there. So I sat and watched it… for hours. I let them do that to you. I heard you. I saw you. And eventually, I had to turn away. I couldn’t watch it. It was that bad. I know why you’re not okay. I don’t have to ask why.” (Will)
Marvin Gaye|War is not the answer, for only love can conquer hate
Helen Keller|Everything has its wonders, even darkness and silence, and I learn, whatever state I may be in, therein to be content
Robin Jones Gunn, Peculiar Treasures|In the pit of her stomach she realized that everything she raged against on Saturday night-- the restrictions, rules, and guidelines-- was born of an ancient fervor. Every rule ever established, from the beginning of time, invited mutiny.
Erin MacPherson, The Christian Mama's Guide to Having a Baby: Everything You Need to Know to Survive (and Love) Your Pregnancy|Your husband may not be a wealth of pregnancy information, but he is a wealth of 'you' information. He probably knows you better than anyone else in this world (which means he understands your current neediness pretty well). He also probably loves you more than anyone else in this world. So, while he may not be the person to turn to if you need to know how to soothe breast tenderness, he's the perfect person to turn to when you need a hand to hold.
Gary   Hopkins|Peace is possible, and it will take a miracle.
|Greatness is in every single one of us, but the problem is that most people fail to show theirs to the world.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment|Well, you may abuse me, be angry with me if you like," Porfiry Petrovitch began again, "but I can't resist. Allow me one little question (I know I am troubling you). There is just one little notion I want to express, simply that I may not forget it.
Akiroq Brost|Be not virtuous beyond your powers! And seek nothing from yourselves opposed to probability!...Shy, ashamed, awkward, like the tiger whose spring hath failed—thus, ye higher men, have I often seen you slink aside. A cast which ye made had failed...The higher its type, always the seldomer doth a thing succeed. Ye higher men here, have ye not all—been failures?Be of good cheer; what doth it matter? How much is still possible! Learn to laugh at yourselves, as ye ought to laugh!What wonder even that ye have failed and only half-succeeded, ye half-shattered ones! Doth not—man's future strive and struggle in you?Man's furthest, profoundest, star-highest issues, his prodigious powers—do not all these foam through one another in your vessel?What wonder that many a vessel shattereth! Learn to laugh at yourselves, as ye ought to laugh! Ye higher men, Oh, how much is still possible!
Johnny Depp|It is wisest to be impartial. If you have health, but are attached to it, you will always be afraid of losing it. And if you fear that loss, but become ill, you will suffer. Why not remain forever joyful in the Self?
Christopher Guest|It's funny the way most people love the dead. Once you are dead, you are made for life.
David Mitchell|Audrey Hepburn, as famous as she was, packed her own suitcases... I don’t know why that struck me, but it did. 'She has a servant’s heart,' I thought.
Eve Ensler, The Vagina Monologues|Ask not what your country can do for you, but what you can do for your country.”John Fitzgerald Kennedy
Erich Fromm, The Art of Loving|Love is possible only if two persons communicate with each other from the center of their existence, hence if each one of them experiences himself from the center of his existence.Only in this "central experience" is human reality, only here is aliveness, only here is the basis for love. Love, experienced thus, is a constant challenge; it is not a resting place, but a moving, growing, working together; even whether there is harmony or conflict, joy or sadness, is secondary to the fundamental fact that two people experience themselves from the essence of their existence, that they are one with each other by being one with themselves, rather than by fleeing from themselves. There is only one proof for the presence of love: the depth of the relationship, and the aliveness and strength in each person concerned; this is the fruit by which love is recognized.
Chris Martin|There is always something I gain from watching a movie, whether it's a silly romantic comedy or an art film.
Virginia Woolf, Orlando|For while directly we say that it [the length of human life] is ages long, we are reminded that it is briefer than the fall of a rose leaf to the ground.
Nigel Hey|Ten minutes ago, Frank though he was going to prison. Now he knows he’s not, and part of him thinks he should just be glad he’s getting out of this at all, but he’s not. He’s not glad. He’s furious. He’s known the world is broken for a long time, he’s known that, but sometimes he’s amazed at how broken; even now, at this point in his life, nearing fifty years old, he can stumble across something that makes him realize all over again that the world is not only broken, but beyond fixing. No amount of glue can ever make it right. And yet, you have to focus on your little part of it, don’t you? You have to focus on your little corner of the world and glue what cracks you can. Otherwise there’s no hope at all.
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|The greatest pollution problem is not found in the atmosphere, water, or soil; but in the minds of 90% of the population, which are contaminated with negative thoughts and beliefs.
Terry Tempest Williams, When Women Were Birds: Fifty-four Variations on Voice|We are all punished for the lives we have chosen, in one way or another.
Mike Huckabee|My kids have moved more in their twenties, you know, than my parents have moved in nearly 40-something years of marriage before they died. So there's a part of me that laments what we have lost, and that is a sense of community.
Jim Butcher, Storm Front|...Learn to concentrate, to give all your attention to the thing at hand, and then to be able to put it aside and go on to the next thing without confusion. My husband said that being President of the United States meant that you saw more kinds of people, took up more subjects, and learn more about a variety of things than anyone else. But it required complete concentration on the person you were with and on what he was saying. When that person left the room, you pulled down a shade in your mind, and you were ready, with your attention free, for what the next person had to say. You might have to shift from banking to forestry, but each subject had the attention and concentration it required and each, in turn, was put in the back of the mind, ready to be called upon when needed.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|Our social and political tasks, if we take them seriously, loom larger than life. Yet infinite responsibility destroys a human being because he is only a man and not god." ~ p.23
Behati Prinsloo|Coming home to my family afterward makes the work richer, easier and more fun.
Samuel Johnson|No one is much pleased with a companion who does not increase, in some respect, their fondness for themselves.
Matt Haig, Reasons to Stay Alive|When you are depressed you feel alone, and that no one is going through quite what you are going through. You are so scared of appearing in any way mad you internalise everything, and you are so scared that people will alienate you further you clam up and don’t speak about it, which is a shame, as speaking about it helps.
Martha Stout Ph.D.|Unlike the hollow, risk-pursuing few who are deprived of a seventh sense [conscience], you will go through your life fully aware of the warm and comforting, infuriating, confusing, compelling, and sometimes joyful presence of other human beings, and along with your conscience you will be given the chance to take the largest risk of all, which, as we all know, is to love.
Gavin Extence, The Universe Versus Alex Woods|Nothing is worth the loss of one's conscience, or the ability to do what is right.
Tayeb Salih, Season of Migration to the North|Let the world kiss you, sister. Let the moment kiss the most raw and tender spot in your heart until you cannot help but surrender, open.
Jill Shalvis, Second Chance Summer|Her heart did a slow roll in her chest. "I'm yours," she whispered. "For the duration."	"Yes, but more than that, I'm yours," he said, quiet steel.
Shonda Rhimes, Year of Yes: How to Dance It Out, Stand In the Sun and Be Your Own Person|And then, unbidden, seemingly out of nowhere, a thought or image arrives. Some will float into your head like goldfish, lovely, bright, orange, and weightless, and you follow them like a child at an aquarium that was thought to be without fish. Others will step of the shadows like Boo Radley and make you catch your breath or take a step backward. They're often so rich, these unbidden thoughts, and so clear that they feel indelible. But I say write them all down anyway.
Bob Proctor|Sometimes the effect arrives thanks to a different kind of breakthrough: a dramatic increase in our ability to MEASURE something, and an improvement in the tools we build for measuring. New ways of measuring almost always imply new ways of making.
Stanley Victor Paskavich|Lots of ways to have your steak "Well done, medium rare, rare, bloody or fetch me a club".
Eugene H. Peterson, Tell It Slant: A Conversation on the Language of Jesus in His Stories and Prayers|Show me a person in my shoes who is looking for a robot, and I'll show you someone who is looking for a person and can't find one.
Silvia Hartmann|He put his forehead against hers. “Alannah, my heart is yours.” He said softly.“And yet, I must hand it over to someone else for the keeping.” Her last words falling to a strained whisper.
James Dillehay, Overcoming the 7 Devils That Ruin Success|My life is on loan, like money borrowed from a bank. God is the lender, and He retains the right to call in the loan any time. Though I am responsible for taking care of it, I do not own this life; it is borrowed. Why should I fear its loss or the loss of anything else in this world when I must surrender it all anyway?
Nanyue Huairang|Even though you read much Zen literature, you must read each sentence with a fresh mind. You should not say, “I know what Zen is,” or “I have attained enlightenment.” This is also the real secret of the arts: always be a beginner.”-“When you are sitting in the middle of your own problem, which is more real to you: your problem or you yourself? The awareness that you are here, right now, is the ultimate fact. ”-“Knowing that your life is short, to enjoy it day after day, moment after moment, is the life of “form is form and emptiness is emptiness.”-“You may feel as if you are doing something special, but actually it is only the expression of your true nature; it is the activity which appeases your inmost desire. But as long as you think you are practicing zazen for the sake of something, that is not true practice.”-“The most important thing is to forget all gaining ideas, all dualistic ideas. In other words, just practice zazen in a certain posture.
Bobby Jindal|While they're in WWE, we absolutely have a health and wellness policy. I'll probably always say 'we,' even though I've resigned as the CEO. It's kind of hard to break a 30-year habit.
Herculine Barbin, Herculine Barbin: Being the Recently Discovered Memoirs of a Nineteenth-century French Hermaphrodite|Oh! To live alone, always alone, in the midst of the crowd that surrounds me, without a word of love ever coming to gladden my soul, without a friendly hand reaching out to me!
Tracy Brogan, My Kind of You|He turned his head to look at her, trying to think of ways to plead his case. Some way to dazzle and beguile her and make her glad that it was him she was here with. Something witty and persuasive, but she turned at precisely the same moment he did, with invitation in her eyes, and all he could come up with was, “Damn, I really want to kiss you.” Her hesitation was a mere fraction of a second. “Me too,” she whispered. It was all he needed to hear, and in an instant she was in his arms. He kissed her, hard, with no prelude, no artful negotiations or seductive machinations. Just hungry kisses that sent his mind spinning and his body following. She kissed him back with equal enthusiasm, with one hand on his chest and the other wrapped tightly around the back of his neck, pulling him closer. Her mouth was sweet, as sweet as he’d imagined, with lips so soft he could have fallen over the edge of that lighthouse and thought the sensation was just from her touch.
Emily Dickinson|Shakespeare is to me the purest voice of nature, and he does no meddle with nature. His plays provide us with the greatest variety of erotic expression, and with Shakespeare eros is the proper term to use.
Brandon Sanderson, I Hate Dragons|Kiril glanced around the darkened room. He walked to a leather chair and sat, stretching his legs out in front of him and crossing his ankles. “Did you know that during the Fae Wars the Dark took two Dragon Kings? At different times, of course.”“I suppose they escaped as well? Are you telling me we don’t know how to hold a Dragon King?”“The Dark did . . . things to my brethren. One completely lost his mind and attacked us, which is what the Dark wanted. He had to be killed. The other King knew what was happening to him, but he couldna stop it. He came to us and begged to be killed before he could harm one of us.”Shara sipped her whisky before she said, “You lost two Kings and I lost seven siblings.”“And the Light the Dark took?”“The Dark take the Light and the Light take the Dark.”Kiril let his gaze drift down her body. How he itched to have her long legs wrapped around him. Things would be so much easier if he didn’t desire her as he did, but there wasn’t a switch he could flip and turn off his body’s reaction. The more he tried to ignore the growing desire, the more it raged uncontrollably within him.He gave himself a mental shake and returned to their conversation. “What’s the plan, then? Will the Dark storm in here and try to capture me?”Shara walked around the room, her hand skimming along the backs of the chairs. “No.”“No?” Kiril set aside his glass on the table next to him and silently rose to his feet. He followed her as if a string tied them together. “What then?”“You don’t really want to know.”Kiril spun her around so hard that her glass flew from her hand and landed upon a rug, spilling the whisky but not breaking the crystal. “Tell me,” he demanded in a soft, deadly voice.“My job is to seduce you.” She held her stance for a heartbeat before she retreated, taking two steps back.He tracked her until she was once more in the entryway. The shadows darkened everything, and yet the smallest sliver of moonlight found her, illuminating her in a pale blue glow.No longer could he deny what he wanted. Perhaps it was her confession. Maybe it was because he hadn’t taken to the skies in weeks. Whatever it was, all he knew was that he had to have her or go up in flames.“Then seduce me.
Jane Austen, Northanger Abbey|You feel, I suppose, that, in losing Isabella, you lose half yourself: you feel a void in your heart which nothing else can occupy.  Society is becoming irksome; and as for the amusements in which you were wont to share at Bath, the very idea of which without her is abhorrent.  You would not, for instance, now go to a ball for the world.  You feel that you have no longer any friend to whom you can speak with unreserve; on whose regard you can place dependence; or whose counsel, in any difficult, you could rely on.
P.G. Wodehouse|How anybody can compose a story by word of mouth face to face with a bored-looking secretary with a notebook is more than I can imagine. Yet many authors think nothing of saying, 'Ready, Miss Spelvin? Take dictation. Quote no comma Sir Jasper Murgatroyd comma close quotes comma said no better make it hissed Evangeline comma quote I would not marry you if you were the last person on earth period close quotes Quote well comma I'm not so the point does not arise comma close quotes replied Sir Jasper twirling his moustache cynically period And so the long day wore on period End of chapter.'If I had to do that sort of thing I should be feeling all the time that the girl was saying to herself as she took it down, 'Well comma this beats me period How comma with homes for the feebleminded touting for custom on every side comma has a man like this succeeded in remaining at large mark of interrogation.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you know the art of finding some things in a quite empty street, then you know the art of happiness!
Merrie Haskell, The Castle Behind Thorns|You’re not mending anything, remember, Sand? The hedge.” He paused and shook his head at himself. “And Perrotte’s away for a few minutes, and you’re talking to yourself again.
C. JoyBell C.|A broken soul is not the absence of beauty, but a cracked and torn soul reeks of the sweet incense it contains.
Charlotte Eriksson, Empty Roads & Broken Bottles; in search for The Great Perhaps|Ain’t I your man?” he persisted.“Yeah, Ellis, you’re my man.” Her lips quaked as she said it.
Chris Fuhrman, The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys|Margie Flynn was in my head like a bad cold, blurring everything. It was a new kind of loneliness, a hurt I couldn’t stop picking at.
Sloane Crosley|In my experience (I am the lone father of an eight-year-old boy who lost his mother when he was one year old), parenting is the most difficult of all jobs: forget your chief executives, editors, prime ministers and the like - parenting is far more challenging.
Mary Oliver, Evidence: Poems|Let me keep my distance, always, from those who think they have the answers.Let me keep company always with those who say "Look!" and laugh in astonishment, and bow their heads.
Virginia Woolf, A Room of One's Own|Life for both sexes--and I looked at them, shouldering their way along the pavement--is arduous, difficult, a perpetual struggle. It calls for gigantic courage and strength. More than anything, perhaps, creatures of illusion as we are, it calls for confidence in oneself. Without self-confidence we are as babes in the cradle. And how can we generate this imponderable quality, which is yet so invaluable, most quickly? By thinking that other people are inferior to oneself. By feeling that one has some innate superiority-- it may be wealth, or rank, a straight nose, or the portrait of a grandfather by Romney-- for there is no end to the pathetic devices of the human imagination-- over other people.
Kenya Wright, The Muse|Red stepped inside my penthouse with her two friends.“Make sure all the staff knows that they need to spoil those three. Give them whatever they want, champagne, the caviar drizzled in hash oil, anything. Even my own stuff to smoke from the crystal bong I got in Paris to the vape pen done in pearl. They need to be impressed.
Debbie Macomber, Twenty Wishes|Emotions can become habits - she said haltingly as she wiped her eyes. But habits can be changed".
Stephen E. Ambrose, D-Day, June 6, 1944: The Battle for the Normandy Beaches|Cheer up, the worst is yet to come.
Angelica Hopes, Landscapes of a Heart, Whispers of a Soul|There might not be a lot of people who can understand you and the way you think, don’t lose your temper and don’t get sad, because you are destined to mark a new path.
Alexandra Engellmann, Sky Ghosts: All for One|He watched her curiously from below, feeling as someone might feel watching a butterfly sit nearby, afraid to scare it off with a sound of voice or an abrupt movement.
Craig Benzine|Failure is not an option. It just happens all the time. Like, all the time.
Hans Selye|The older I get, the harder it is to splurge without consequences. I love food. Chocolate and cheese and anything that's bad for me. I'll be really good when I'm at home so I can eat what I want to when I'm out with friends.
Seneca|How silly then to imagine that the human mind, which is formed of the same elements as divine beings, objects to movement and change of abode, while the divine nature finds delight and even self-preservation in continual and very rapid change.
|While you are busy pleasing the crowd, who is attending to the positive demands of your inner-self?
Seamus Heaney, Beowulf|It is always betterto avenge dear ones than to indulge in mourning.For every one of us, living in this worldmeans waiting for our end. Let whoever canwin glory before death. When a warrior is gone,that will be his best and only bulwark.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|It's not so bad."Melancholia looked at her. "You're lying.""I'll get used to it. So will you.""I... I don't think I'll be able to.""I'll be there to help when you need it.""But I hate you."Valkyrie smiled. "No you don't.""No, I do. I want to kill you and stuff.""We actually became friends in those caves.""That's not what happened, " said Melancholia."We're pals. We're buddies.” "If my wrists weren't in shackles, my hands would be round your throat.""You want to hug my throat because we're friends.
Clarice Lispector|Love is now, is always. All that is missing is the coup de grâce- which is called passion.
Harriet Beecher Stowe, Uncle Tom's Cabin|Crisis – the midwife of capitalism. The ‘advisers’ arrive and say, My god, they have no predatory class here. It is an emergency! We must create one immediately. Let us arrange to give everything to a few crooks. Then this country, too, will have a mess of parasites to rule it, to suck the value of the people’s labour.
Peter De Vries, The Blood of the Lamb|If I were not an atheist, I would believe in a God who would choose to save people on the basis of the totality of their lives and not the pattern of their words. I think he would prefer an honest and righteous atheist to a TV preacher whose every word is God, God, God, and whose every deed is foul, foul, foul.
Kylene Beers & Robert E. Probst, Notice & Note: Strategies for Close Reading|To teach, learn. To learn, teach.
John Muir|Come to the woods, for here is rest, ...climb the mountains and get their good tidings. Nature's peace will flow into you as sunshine flows into trees.
Rich Mullins|It's so funny being a Christian musician. It always scares me when people think so highly of Christian music, Contemporary Christian music especially. Because I kinda go, I know a lot of us, and we don't know jack about anything. Not that I don't want you to buy our records and come to our concerts. I sure do. But you should come for entertainment. If you really want spiritual nourishment, you should go to church...you should read the Scriptures.
Saim .A. Cheeda|That’s the hope, isn’t it? To see your family in your time of dying.
Debasish Mridha|Because of you, I can see and realize the beauty of life.
Cora Brent, Walk|I wondered whether anyone in that backyard could hear the sound of my ovaries exploding. If there's anything that stirs a woman's soul more than a strong, handsome man tenderly holding a tiny infant then I certainly didn't know about it.
Zsa Zsa Gabor|There's nobody else on the face of this earth that's playing a sport at a highest level... with a transplant. That alone continues to inspire me, because I realize throughout the whole world the struggles that people are going through. I need to inspire them the best way I can.
Tove Jansson, Finn Family Moomintroll|An inability (or reduced ability) to empathise is not the same as an inability to love. Love is a powerful feeling for another person, often defying logic.
Tricia Goyer, A Christmas Gift for Rose|Trauma's storm can mask the Christ and feelings can lie. I draw all the hurting voices close and I tough their scars with a whisper: sometimes we don't fully see that in Christ, because of Christ, through Christ, He does give us all things good - until we have the perspective of years.In time, years, dust settles.In memory, ages, God emerges.
Deborah Blake, Dangerously Charming|I swore I wasn't going to rescue any more damsels in distress," Day muttered.	To his surprise, Barbara gave him a lopsided grin, banging on the side of the trailer to make it produce a door. "What makes you think she isn't rescuing you?" she asked, and stomped inside without a backward look.
Shiv Nadar|Man is ever searching for the source whence he has come, searching for the life which is upwelling within him, immortal, nay, eternal and divine; and every religion is the answer from the Universal Spirit to the seeking spirits of men that came forth from Him.
Nalini Singh, Archangel's Shadows|It wasn’t only his city that was healing, Raphael thought, his eyes catching the refracted light that betrayed Aodhan’s presence in the sky; his people were, too. And it had all begun with a single, vulnerable mortal who did not accept that to be an archangel was to be always right.
Atom Yang, Red Envelope|I live three thousand miles away from my mother. But no matter how far away, I'm still hers. I'm brave in the ways she's made me brave and scared in the ways she's made me scared. I'll never belong to anyone the way I belong to her.
Munindra Misra, Goals of Life|BASIC LIFE ATTRIBUTESFour purusharthas or goals of the life be,So very crystal clear in life undisputedly;1Artha getting useful wealth and prosperity,Finding the meaning for living herein truly;2Kama fulfilling desires, acting repeatedly,It the physical, material desire fulfillment be;14Dharma – the foundation of all human goals be,Refers to obligations, conduct, moral duties;25Moksha – the liberation from the web of maya be,Freedom from the cycles of birth and death clearly;33As all the rivers must lead to the sea eventually,All spiritual paths leading to the same goal finally;43And all of the variety of life are created certainly,By combination of the three Gunas undisputedly.44
Fiona Zedde, Bliss|Does the mainstream media have a liberal bias? On a couple of things, maybe. Compared to the American public at large, probably a slightly higher percentage of journalists, because of thier enhanced power of discernment, realize they know a gay person or two, and are, therefore, less frightened of them.
Timothy J. Keller, Gospel in Life Study Guide: Grace Changes Everything|To know the will of God, we need an open Bible and an open map.
Scott Stabile|Speech, so a wise old Frenchman said to me once, is an invention of man's to prevent him from thinking. It is also an infallible means of discovering that which he wishes to hide.
Maria Montessori|Patriotism is not an abstract concept. It begins from one's own home. It buds out from the love for one's parents, spouses and children, the love for one's own home, village and workplace, and further develops into the love for one's country and fellow people.
Ono no Komachi|All that is gold does not glitter, not all those who wander are lost.
Salvatore Quasimodo|One may know how to gain a victory, and know not how to use it.
Phindiwe Nkosi, Behind the Hospital|During the prayers of the day, there was one less “amen”.
Olivier Messiaen|I will far rather see the race of man extinct than that we should become less than beasts by making the noblest of God's creation, woman, the object of our lust.
Jorge Luis Borges, Ficciones|My father and he had cemented (the verb is excessive) one of those English friendships which begin by avoiding intimacies and eventually eliminate speech altogether. They used to exchange books and periodicals; they would beat one another at chess, without saying a word.
Colin A. Ross, Evolving Psychosis: Different Stages, Different Treatments|The most chronic and complex of the dissociative disorders, multiple personality disorder, was renamed multiple personality disorder, was renamed 'dissociative identity disorder' in 1994 in DSM-IV (American Psychiatric Association). The rationale for the name change, was among other things, to clarify that there are not literally separate personalities in a person with dissociative identity disorder; 'personalities' was a historical term for the fragmented identity states that characterize the condition.
Sarvesh Jain|Talking with someone at four in the morning, that's not the thing most people have a simplicity to enjoy.
Debasish Mridha|When you smile, a bird finds her wings to fly.
Joseph B. Wirthlin|I think every war certainly wears on national will and national patience, particularly a counterinsurgency.
Nomthandazo Tsembeni|I shall not be afraid of anything I haven't even seen yet. If Fairyland-Below is a terrible place, well, I shall feel sorry for it. But it might be a wonderful place! Just because the wild striped cats don't know what diamonds are doesn't mean they're vicious; it just means they have wildcat sorts of wants and wealth and ways of thinking, and perhaps I could learn them and be a little wilder and cattier and stripier myself.
Sunday Adelaja|Creation is not waiting earnestly for the sons of God ,but waiting for the manifestation of the sons of God.The sons of God has been here all ages ,but there has never been a time where the sons of God has been manifested fully after the fall. A lot of us as been born but few of us have been manifested.
Tim Hensley, Wally Gropius|Music is our bidet, man.
Frei Otto|I have made bouquets of pleats, bouquets of flowers, bouquets of ruffles, bouquets of feathers. Often I design in mousseline, held tightly around the waist, and with something else going on all around.
Emily Rose Philips, Ember Eternal|She slid on the helmet. "Thanks, Prince Charming."	"Huh?"	"You know, Cinderella," she said. "The prince had her slipper and you had my helmet...
Henry Knox|I don't know about happy endings, because I don't think, eventually, anything is happy. You feel a bout of happiness with good news. Five minutes later, there could be a traffic jam or a phone call from an irritating relative or a weird thought, or it could be a tweet that annoys you, and your emotion will flip immediately.
Ayize Jama-Everett, The Liminal People|Destruction is like a snow-ball rolled down a Hill, for its Bulk encreases by its own swiftness and thus Disorder spreads.
Bill     Scott, The Buttercup: The Remarkable Story of Andrew Ewing and the Buttercup Dairy Company|Help them to show the world that our greatness is not in things we do for ourselves, but in things we do for others.
Jack Nicklaus|He has the finest, fundamentally sound golf swing I've ever seen.
Eric Hoffer, The Passionate State of Mind: And Other Aphorisms|Our beliefs are the lens through which we see the world. They are the glasses we put on in the morning, which provide the patterns we see. As we become more self-aware, we can identify our patterns, and then, to the extent we desire, change our lenses.
Sam Lipsyte, The Subject Steve|I'm finding that the older I get, it's not that I learn new things, it's more like I find out how much of what I know is common knowledge.
Lynn Kurland, Spellweaver|Unscrewing the cap, Gabriel squeezed a bit of clear jelly onto his fingers and understood. Covering Joey’s body with his own, Gabriel kissed his lips. “But you said – something we haven’t tried …” “We haven’t.” Reaching up, Joey cupped Gabriel’s cheek. “What happened before was one stranger attacking another. What happens now is between you and me.” “Joey.” Gabriel kissed the other man’s earlobe, his jawline, the hollow of his throat. “I can’t hurt you again. I’ll kill myself first.
Jodi Lynn Anderson, Tiger Lily|Is there any place on earth that smells better than a Laundromat? It's like a rainy Sunday when you don't have to get out from under your covers, or like lying back on the grass your father's just mowed--comfort food for your nose.
Pola Muzyka, Escape the Hezbollah|It is said that in death, all things become clear.
Anne Brontë, Agnes Grey|The human heart is like india-rubber; a little swells it, but a great deal will not burst it. If "little more than nothing will disturb it, little less than all things will suffice" to break it. As in the outer members of our frame, there is a vital power inherent in itself that strengthens it against external violence. Every blow that shakes it will serve to harden it against a future stroke; as constant labour thickens the skin of the hand, and strengthens its muscles instead of wasting them away: so that a day of arduous toil, that might excoriate a lady's palm, would make no sensible impression on that of a hardy ploughman.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau, The Social Contract|Any regime or any government which motivates its own people to be different than one another is a good regime, is a good government! Encourage people to think differently, to act differently, and to believe in different things, otherwise you create just a herd of animals!
Erin Gruwell, The Freedom Writers Diary|Every time I've done something that doesn't feel right, it's ended up not being right.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Sanctification is rebirth of spirit of soul by the power of the Holy Spirit,
Hermester Barrington|Any youth which is not misspent is, by definition, misspent.
Karon Waddell|Don’t let people who don’t care about you manipulate your mind feelings and emotions, or controls how you think about yourself. Never give that much power to someone else.
Jay-Z|Neil Armstrong was no Christopher Columbus. In most respects, he was better. Unlike the famous fifteenth century seafarer, Armstrong knew where he landed. He also spent his time in public service, not in jail, and his passing was marked by world-wide encomiums. He ended his days as a celebrated explorer rather than a royal inconvenience.
Michelle McCullough, Make It Happen|Each of us has an innate, human desire to be challenged. We are driven by it, and we often learn from our experiences to set a target and hit it. Even if we don’t reach our intended goal or destination, we gain strength in trying.
C.S. Lewis|The quest of the Inner Ring will break your hearts unless you break it. But if you break it, a surprising result will follow. If in your working hours you make the work your end, you will presently find yourself all unawares inside the only circle in your profession that really matters. You will be one of the sound craftsmen, and other sound craftsmen will know it. This group of craftsmen will by no means coincide with the Inner Ring or the Important People or the People in the Know. It will not shape that professional policy or work up that professional influence which fights for the profession as a whole against the public: nor will it lead to those periodic scandals and crises which the Inner Ring produces. But it will do those things which that profession exists to do and will in the long run be responsible for all the respect which that profession in fact enjoys and which the speeches and advertisements cannot maintain. And if in your spare time you consort simply with the people you like, you will again find that you have come unawares to a real inside: that you are indeed snug and safe at the center of something which, seen from without, would look exactly like an Inner Ring. But the difference is that its secrecy is accidental, and its exclusiveness a by-product, and no one was led thither by the lure of the esoteric: for it is only four or five people who like one another meeting to do things that they like. This is friendship. Aristotle placed it among the virtues. It causes perhaps half of all the happiness in the world, and no Inner Ring can ever have it.
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|Whether a religion is of peace or violence should be defined by the actions of its people, not by some books.
Edna O'Brien, Saints and Sinners|For there comes a time in life when the pity previously reserved only for children takes on a different form, a time when we study the faces of 'old people' and sense that one day we will be just like them. And that is the moment when early childhood comes to an end.
Eliezer Yudkowsky, Harry Potter and the Methods of Rationality|The greatest minds are like film, they take the negatives and develop themselves in darkness...
Ryan Graudin, Blood for Blood|Then he commandeered the floor, shooting back and forth like some hot Latin lover. When he finished, everyone applauded. He could have stayed in that moment forever.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Slaughterhouse-Five|The most important thing I learnt on Tralfamadore was that when a person dies he only appears to die. He is still very much alive in the past, so it is very silly for people to cry at his funeral. All moments, past, present, and future, always have existed, always will exist. The Tralfamadorians can look at all the different moments just the way we can look at a stretch of the Rocky Mountains, for instance. They can see how permanent all the moments are, and they can look at any moment that interests them. It is an illusion we have here on Earth that one moment follows another one, like beads on a string, and that once a moment is gone it is gone forever. When any Tralfamadorian sees a corpse, all he thinks is that the dead person is in a bad condition in that particular moment, but that the same person is just fine in plenty of other moments.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca|Bad things do happen in the world, like war, natural disasters, disease. But out of those situations always arise stories of ordinary people doing extraordinary things.
James Gleick, Chaos: Making a New Science|One simple but powerful consequence of the fractal geometry of surfaces is that surfaces in contact do not touch everywhere. The bumpiness at all scales prevents that. Even in rock under enormous pressure, at some sufficiently small scale it becomes clear that gaps remain, allowing fluid to flow.
Mensah Oteh|It’s no mystery, it isn’t luck. Success is a result of your obedience to specific principles, rules and laws
Leila Summers|If miracles were easy, the would be everywhere.
Regina Spektor|In the past, it was only in science fiction novels that you could read about ordinary people being able to go to space... But you laid the foundation for space tourism.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you have the power to put a smile on one person’s face, you have the power to change the world.
Manuela George-Izunwa|What happened yesterday was obviously a mistake, and it will never be spoken of again. Goodbye forever.
Chrystia Freeland|Every time a child's promise is cut short by their legal status, our country wastes precious resources and loses talent we need.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|One of our most deep-seated fears is that we might be called an “outsider.” This fear has led us down the road to conformity, has put the imprint of “the organization man” on our souls, and has robbed us of originality of thought, individuality of personality, and constructive action.
Katherine McNamara|A relationship is work, and it changes. And you go with the changes. It's more good times than bad times, but it's not always good. You have to overcome those issues and move on.
Hadrian|Animula vagula blandulaHospes comesque corporisQuae nunc abibis? In LocaPallidula rigida nudulanec ut soles dabis Iocos.Little soul, you charming little wanderer, my body's guest and partner,where are you off to now?somewhere without colour, savage and bare;You'll crack no more of your jokes once you're there.
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway To Christmas: Soulfully Inspiring You in the Days Leading Up to Christmas and Beyond!|The Soul's knowledge, which pertains only to you - should be acted upon today and put to good use.
Peter Singer|I thought I was gonna be an attorney, so I went to Dartmouth and I was a government major and I minored in environmental policy, and I didn't do anything academically around the arts.
Mariecor Ruediger, HOT STUFF:  Celebrating Summer's Simmer and Sizzle|It was a good apple too. A good apple, picked by a madman on a full moon night.
Rodolfo Costa, Advice My Parents Gave Me: and Other Lessons I Learned from My Mistakes|For some people, their fear to lose is greater than their desire to succeed, so they end up doing nothing and their dreams become impossible.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Eternity is a long time, but only a day when you are in love.
Suzanne Woods Fisher, The Imposter|Sorry! I didn't mean to say that," I mumble into the pillow next to her head."Oh.""No! I mean, I meant what I said. I just didn't mean to tell you.
Jennifer Weiner, Little Earthquakes|mooo," she said... "I mean mmmm," she moaned. Louder this time. Goddamn Dr. Seuss is ruining my sex life.
Hugh Douglas|All I demand for the black man is, that the white people shall take their heels off his neck, and let him have a chance to rise by his own efforts.
Lisa Mantchev, Eyes Like Stars|She's under duress," Peaseblossom said."I don't care if she's under duress, over it, or alongside it," Moth said. "Nothing in this world supersedes cake.
Shannon L. Alder|I have known friendship love, parental love, romantic love, family love and unrequited love in my life time, but the only love that made a difference was self love. You don't need confirmation from the world or another person that you matter. You simply do matter. When you finally believe that truth and live it then you can do amazing things with your life!
Josh Gates, Destination Truth: Memoirs of a Monster Hunter|Adventures are what happens when an event is flawed, a mark of imperfection.
Brad Delson|Every good relationship, especially marriage, is based on respect. If it's not based on respect, nothing that appears to be good will last very long.
Kelly Link, Pretty Monsters: Stories|There were two girls in a room. They were reading a book… Look again, and the room is empty. The end of the story will have to wait.
Jimmy Nelson, Before They Pass Away|Until you truly let go, until you truly form humility, can you find empathy and in that empathy you find contact and in that contact you find out who you truly are, and who the people are around you.
Preethi Venugopala, Without You|Titus, have you ever had your heart broken?”“Oh, son. How could you ask a man who used to play the blues a question like that?”“How long does it take to go away?”“A broken heart?”“Yeah.”“There’s no precise formula, Sammy.”“Just give me an estimate.”“A good rule of thumb is at least half the time that you were in love. Or twice the time. It all just depends.
Earl Lovelace, Salt|I think you’re just as emotionally unavailable as I am. I avoid men because I’m afraid I’ll lose my heart, and you go from girl to girl to keep from giving yours away.
Leonardo da Vinci|A painter should begin every canvas with a wash of black, because all things in nature are dark except where exposed by the light.
Alexander Pope|Girls' education is no silver bullet. Iran and Saudi Arabia have both educated girls but refused to empower them, so both remain mired in the past. But when a country educates and unleashes women, those educated women often become force multipliers for good.
Kirsten Arcadio, Borderliners|Ability does catches my attention, but its a politeness in the person that I remember.
Richard Feynman|First of all there is matter—and, remarkably enough, all matter is the same. The matter of which the stars are made is known to be the same as the matter on the earth...The same kinds of atoms appear to be in living creatures as in non-living creatures.
Nikos Kazantzakis, Saint Francis|I felt sorry for the inhabitants and went into the forest to admonish the wolf in God's name not to eat any more sheep. I called him, he came—and do you know what his answer was? 'Francis, Francis,' he said, 'do not destroy God's prescribed order. The sheep feeds on grass, the wolf on sheep—that's the way God ordained it. Do not ask why; simply obey God's will and leave me free to enter the sheepfolds whenever I feel the pinch of hunger. I say my prayers just like Your Holiness. I say: "Our Father who reignest in the forests and hast commanded me to eat meat, Thy will be done. Give me this day my daily sheep so that my stomach may be filled, and I shall glorify Thy name. Great art Thou, Lord, who hast created mutton so delicious. And when the day cometh that I shall die, Grant, Lord, that I may be resurrected, and that with me may be resurrected all the sheep I have eaten—so that I may eat them again!"' That, Brother Leo, is what the wolf answered me.
Hermann Hesse|Between the dark, heavily laden treetops of the spreading chestnut trees could be seen the dark blue of the sky, full of stars, all solemn and golden, which extended their radiance unconcernedly into the distance. That was the nature of the stars. and the trees bore their buds and blossoms and scars for everyone to see, and whether it signified pleasure or pain, they accepted the strong will to live. flies that lived only for a day swarmed toward their death. every life had its radiance and beauty. i had insight into it all for a moment, understood it and found it good, and also found my life and sorrows good.
Karen Russell, Sleep Donation|Be honest with yourself; set the alarm for the time the Real You will get up, not the Ambitious You, because the Ambitious You doesn't really exist.
David Tennant|She’s a lunatic,” says Conrad.“Absolutely insane,” says Guntram.“Either completely fearless or utterly stupid,” says Conrad.“She’s going to fit right in,” says Guntram.
Stephen Richards, Born to Fight: The True Story of Richy Crazy Horse Horsley|During the depression, people fought each other for boxes of groceries and if you were lucky you might get a few shillings for fighting six rounds. When Jack Johnson was World Heavyweight Champ, back in the early 1900s, Hartlepool had a brilliant boxer called Jasper Carter. People today will never have heard of him, but almost 100 years ago he put Hartlepool on the fistic map.
Nick Harkaway, Angelmaker|During the Senate debate on the intervention in Iraq, Sen. Clinton made considerable use of her background and 'experience' to argue that, yes, Saddam Hussein was indeed a threat. She did not argue so much from the position adopted by the Bush administration as she emphasized the stand taken, by both her husband and Al Gore, when they were in office, to the effect that another and final confrontation with the Baathist regime was more or less inevitable. Now, it does not especially matter whether you agree or agreed with her about this (as I, for once, do and did). What does matter is that she has since altered her position and attempted, with her husband’s help, to make people forget that she ever held it. And this, on a grave matter of national honor and security, merely to influence her short-term standing in the Iowa caucuses. Surely that on its own should be sufficient to disqualify her from consideration?
Priya Ardis, My Merlin Awakening|Well, can you tell her that?"He looked down at his feet. "I will. I will."Guy-speak for, "I plan to keep avoiding her until she gives up.
Darrel Ray, Sex & God: How Religion Distorts Sexuality|Any relationship involves a power exchange. A free flow of power allows everybody involved to contribute and get their respective needs met. In a patriarchal religious marriage, power is hierarchical: men are dominant, and women are subservient, causing a serious disruption in the natural flow of power between the mates.
Cecily White, Conspiracy Boy|I firmly believe that life is made up of moments. Some are significant, and some are disposable. Some sit at the edge of your awareness and taunt you when you're trying to sleep, and others fade into the background noise of life. But every moment, no matter how small, has the potential to create or destroy you.
Ian MacKaye|For a long time, society put obstacles in the way of women who wanted to enter the sciences.
Selena Gómez|Frankly though, bud, your criteria for what constitutes a good date is kinda skewed, if you ask me. Homemade cookies are overrated man -- trust me on this. You can find a decent bakery just about anywhere you go.
Irvin Anthony|Stop thinking like Alice in Wonderland, Celia told herself sternly. You're a grown-up, it's no use shutting your eyes, wishing things would happen
Lyn Ducoty, A Pocketful of Dreams|Johnathan had known he wouldn't be able to simply shut off his thoughts and go to sleep. His entire body - everything he could feel, at leastleast like a tightly coiled spring.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, No Mercy|You can take my life, but you'll never break me. So bring me your worst...And I will definitely give you mine.
Vicente Blasco Ibáñez|She influenced by the positivism of her race, was gazing into the future. While he was content with the present moment, not caring to know what would be the end of their love
Soheir Khashoggi, Nadia's Song|Lord, why are you silent? Why are you always silent...?
Alin Sav|If you have no passion, you better do something different.
P.D. James, Innocent Blood|The television image sanctified, conferred identity. The more familiar the face, the more to be trusted. 
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Blames after each failure keep lessons unlearned. When you fall, rise up quickly and learn your lessons... Blames will never make any change; applied lessons will do!
Kim Edwards, The Lake of Dreams|Five million people die unnecessarily each year because of illness related to lack of potable water. Half of them are children under the age of five. To bring it home, think about this: one child dies from lack of clean water every twelve seconds.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|i had to test your courage,” the stranger said.“courage is the quality most essential to understand the Language of the World.”..“you must not let up, even after having come so far,” he continued. “you must love the desert, but never trust it completely. because the desert tests all men: it challenges every step, and kills those who become distracted.
Ray Anyasi, Ujasiri|In nothing do we fail more, as a Mission, than in lack of tact and politeness.
Irvin D. Yalom, The Spinoza Problem|Why does the same book elicit such a range of responses? There must be something in the particular reader that leaps out to embrace the book. His life, his psychology, his image of himself. There must be something lurking deep in the mind—or, as this Freud says, the unconscious—that causes a particular reader to fall in love with a particular writer.
Rob Lowe, Stories I Only Tell My Friends|When Isaiah predicted that spears would become pruning hooks, that's a reference to cultivating. Pruning and trimming and growing and paying close attention to the plants and whether they're getting enough water and if their roots are deep enough. Soil under the fingernails, grapes being trampled under bare feet, fingers sticky from handling fresh fruit. It's that green stripe you get around the sole of your shoes when you mow the lawn. Life in the age to come. Earthy.
yssubramanyam|one idiot can shut 1000 wise men mouths, where as 1000 wise will fail to open the eyes of an idiot.
Rosemary Altea, Soul Signs: An Elemental Guide to Your Spiritual Destiny|There are many differing viewpoints on nature versus nurture, and there are those who believe that bad behavior can be excused and understood if a person doesn't know better. The theory that someone who has been abused as a child will go on to abuse their own children, and so on, because they don't know differently is widely held. But children know. We all know.Learned behavior. When a child is abused, he or she knows, even as it is happening, that it is wrong. I knew. I was abused. When a child is treated unfairly in any way, he or she knows that it is wrong. I knew. I was treated unfairly. And when a child is treated with love and affection, he or she knows that it is right. I knew. I saw how other kids were treated with love and affection by their parents. I knew. My soul cried out to me and told me so. We all know. We all know right from wrong. Our souls cry out to us and tell us so. And we decide, we make our choices, and we are responsible for those choices. We, no one else but we, decide.Anger, hurt, pain, humiliation, fear, dread, confusion-all these emotions we choose. De we hold on to our anger, our pain and humiliation, and hit back, or do we strive to understand that we can do better?
Kelsey Ketch, Daughter of Isis|You can't keep resisting my irresistibleness, Natara Stone. You'll give in eventually, and I won't quit until you do.
Jodi Picoult, Salem Falls|He gently touched his mother's cheek, felt her sorrow slip over his fingertips.
Nicholas Gane, Max Weber and Postmodern Theory: Rationalization Versus Re-enchantment|...With the failure of the imagination to present form the mind discovers that it has the capacity to conceive of the infinite, and thus has the power to transcend everything that sense can measure and thus present. The sublime feeling in this case arises from the play between the finite nature of the senses and the infinite capacity of reason.
Scott Spencer, Endless Love|They don't live here. They live in Heaven.'Where's that?'I don't know,' I said. 'Enos says it's right here, on this side of the wall, but I never saw an angel over here. Kuba says it's in Russia. Olek says Washington America.'What's Washington America?'Enos says it's a place with no wall and no lice and lots of potatoes.
Louise Slaughter|To protect our country's economic future and the health and well being of all Americans, we must find a way to rein in out-of-control costs, provide quality, affordable health care choices to all, and make outrageous insurance industry abuses a thing of the past.
Swami Dhyan Giten, The Silent Whisperings of the Heart - An Introduction to Giten's Approach to Life|What are the inner man and woman? Our being consists of two energies: the male and female aspect. Irrespective of if we are a man or a woman, we have both a male and female side.Life develops through opposite poles and tendencies for example yes and no, joy and sorrow, light and darkness, positive and negative, day and night and life and death.Just as electricity needs both a negative and positive pole for a spark to arise, the human consciousness has also two poles. These two poles are the male and female side. The right side of the body represents the male side and the left side of the body represents the female side. We all have both a male and female side, which is represented by the right and left side of the body.
Leo Buscaglia|I cannot even imagine where I would be today were it not for that handful of friends who have given me a heart full of joy. Let's face it, friends make life a lot more fun.
Rebecca Solnit, A Field Guide to Getting Lost|To lose yourself: a voluptuous surrender, lost in your arms, lost to the world, utterly immersed in what is present so that its surroundings fade away. In Benjamin’s terms, to be lost is to be fully present, and to be fully present is to be capable of being in uncertainty and mystery.
Jürgen Moltmann, Theology of Play|..and she a star, to outshine all the suns of mans days.
Werner Heisenberg, Physics and Philosophy: The Revolution in Modern Science|Whenever we proceed from the known into the unknown we may hope to understand, but we may have to learn at the same time a new meaning of the word 'understanding.
Louis L'Amour, The Lonely Men|There are no forbidden questions in science, no matters to sensitive or delicate to be probed, no sacred truths. That openness to new ideas, combined with the most rigorous, skeptical scrutiny of all ideas, sifts the wheat from the chaff. It makes no difference how smart, august, or beloved you are. You must prove your case in the face of determined, expert criticism. Diversity and debate are valued. Opinions are encouraged to contend–substantively and in depth.
Petek Kabakci|SENSES, APPEARANCE, ESSENCE and EXISTENCEThe world we see with our senses is very different than the world we see through our essence. Our senses perceive the world of appearance. Our essence perceives the deeper layers of existence. The first step of perceiving the world of essence is to have no goal other than to understand. "Understanding" has to be the ultimate goal. Only then, can we solve the problems.
Einstein Albert|the only thing that you absolutely have to know, is the location of the library.
Andrew Jackson|Our government... teaches the whole people by its example. If the government becomes the lawbreaker, it breeds contempt for law; it invites every man to become a law unto himself; it invites anarchy.
Winston S. Churchill|Could one that's damned stand in high Heaven, even thereHe'd feel within himself all Hell and Hell's despair.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead|As for hobbies, people with stimulating hobbies suffer from the most noxious of despairs since they are tranquilized in their despair.
Debasish Mridha M.D.|Silently sit on the beach, close your eyes, now see the flowing blue sky, feel the dance of waves, and hear the whispering love song of the southern breeze.
R.A.Delmonico|The nature of reality is such that every sufficiently complex event is statistically impossible, they are all one time events. This is a dynamic of novelty and so anything stable is forced to fluctuate including meaning. When we measure a thing we may not see the dynamics as a consequence of resolution. This is because the holographic information field has a nested hierarchy of scale.
Nancy Werlin, The Rules of Survival|The rules are simple: they lie to us, we know they're lying, they know we know they're lying, but they keep lying to us, and we keep pretending to believe them.
EverSkeptic|Till when will you struggle to make your place in this world? Open your eyes, you already have. Now go ahead and make use of it!
Heather Dixon, Entwined|Lord Teddie?" she said. "Will you stay for
Gunbir Singh|While a number of people have pointed out the various costs and drawbacks of sentience, few if any have taken the next step and wondered out loud if the whole damn thing isn't more trouble than it's worth. Of course it is, people assume; otherwise natural selection would have weeded it out long ago. And they're probably right. I hope they are. "Blindsight" is a thought experiment, a game of "Just suppose" and "What if". Nothing more.On the other hand, the dodos and the Steller sea cows could have used exactly the same argument to prove their own superioirity, a thousand years ago: "if we're so unfit, why haven't we gone extinct?" Why? Because natural selection takes time, and luck plays a role. The biggest boys on the block at any given time aren't necessarily the fittest, or the most efficient, and the game isn't over. The game is never over; there's no finish line this side of heat death. And so, neither can there be any winners. There are only those who haven't yet lost.
Alice Munro, Too Much Happiness|Children of course are monstrously conventional, repelled at once by whatever is off-center, out of whack, unmanageable. And being an only child I had been coddled a good deal (also scolded). I was awkward, precocious, timid, full of my private rituals and aversions.
Philip K. Dick|In the face of the obscene, explicit malice of the jungle, which lacks only dinosaurs as punctuation, I feel like a half-finished, poorly expressed sentence in a cheap novel.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|It doesn't matter how many friends I have because my best friend is God. And, he is a Super Friend. People come and people go, but God's love for you will remain the same. Embrace it, Cherish it, and Spread it everywhere you go. Let your light shine brightly for all the world to see.
Nicole Reed, Ruining You|The question isn't "Why do we die?" The question is "Why do we live?
MRDisperatti|...and he had to have freedom-not even that, just to read and sleep in peace, without a uniform-sooner still.
Lynne Matson, Nil|Even I recognize that I'm not being a proper role model right now. But I need you to understand. As your mother, it's my duty to protect you from the evil intentions of whoever did this...and I'll become a demon if I have to. That's all there is to it.
Kelsea Ballerini|I am no mother, and I won't be one.
Anne Brontë, The Tenant of Wildfell Hall|But each time you use spirit, you're more likely to go crazy.”“Already crazy about you, Sage.
Oppong Amankwaa|Stupidity is choice we make ourselves not hereditary though it could sometimes be environmentally deterministic. Repress your sinful DESIRES and see, if your stupidity will NOT reduce drastically
John Ruskin|I love a lot of things, and I'm pretty much obsessive about most things I do, whether it be gardening, or architecture, or music. I'd be an obsessive hairdresser.
Carmela Dutra|Love drowns dreary thoughtsIt gives wings to our heart,It transports us into another worldA world of blissful choice
Renee Dyer, Eyes Wide Open|In order to heal, you have to first be broken.
James A. Baldwin|We have this long history of racism in this country, and as it happens, the criminal justice system has been perhaps the most prominent instrument for administering racism. But the racism doesn't actually come from the criminal justice system.
Hannah Harrington, Saving June|People pay for what they do, and still more for what they have allowed themselves to become. And they pay for it very simply; by the lives they lead.
Maurice Merleau-Ponty, Phenomenology of Perception|Know the enemy, know yourself and victory is never in doubt, not in a hundred battles.
Dean Koontz, Dead and Alive|For the likes of you, the path to happiness is one mean son of a bitch of a path.
Pamela Clare, Hard Evidence|Her gaze met his, her blue eyes filled with confusion and terror – and love. If Julian hadn’t already been in love with her, that would have done it.
Chelsea Manning|In aviation they have auto pilot and color radar and a lot of other instrumentation that is a backup for pilots. It's really brought the incidents of plane crashes way down. Same thing ought to happen in the medical industry, I think.
Terry Pratchett, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch|Oh, he did his best to make their short lives miserable, because that was his job, but nothing he could think up was half as bad as the stuff they thought up themselves.
Ming-Dao Deng, Everyday Tao: Living with Balance and Harmony|We might not know we are seeking people who best enrich our lives, but somehow on a deep subconscious level we absolutely are. Whether the bond is temporary or permanent, whether it succeeds or fails, fate is simply a configuration of choices that combine with others to shape the relationships that surround us. We cannot choose our family, but we can choose our friends, and we sometimes, before we even meet them.
Terry Pratchett|My attitude when I'm in Mexico is I wake up in the morning with nothing to do and I go to bed half done. I don't wear a watch. When I live down there, I do nothing according to time. I eat when I'm hungry and go to sleep when I'm tired.
Charles Baxter|Everybody should read something. Otherwise we all fall down into the pit of ignorance. Many are down there. Some people fall in it forever. Their lives mean nothing. They should not exist. (From the short story, "Charity".)
Martina Hingis|Like most people I can be lazy, so it's nice to have a goal or deadline or reason to work out. I feel better when I get to exercise, or when I'm outdoors. I like to hike, swim and run, and I love to play soccer.
John F. Kennedy|My father said there were two kinds of people in the world: givers and takers. The takers may eat better, but the givers sleep better.
Gena Showalter, Lord of the Vampires|How did it happen that their lips came together? How does it happen that birds sing, that snow melts, that the rose unfolds, that the dawn whitens behind the stark shapes of trees on the quivering summit of the hill? A kiss, and all was said.
Jellis Vaes|Removing yourself from the familiar and opting for the unfamiliar opens up the unknown. And within the unknown there are questions we have never asked ourselves; experiences we have never imagined; lessons we have never had a chance to learn. What we ultimately need when we are stuck within a bubble, is change. Another perspective of seeing and knowing what is possible. Traveling will open that up for you. The world will play its role; all you need to do, is pack your bags and allow it to happen.
Mary Roberts Rinehart, The Window at the White Cat|In my criminal work anything that wears skirts is a lady, until the law proves her otherwise. From the frayed and slovenly petticoats of the woman who owns a poultry stand in the market and who has grown wealthy by selling chickens at twelve ounces to the pound, or the silk sweep of Mamie Tracy, whose diamonds have been stolen down on the avenue...
James Ticknor|Never trust a fiction author. They spend countless hours making you believe in a world they created. They are among the best, most dedicated liars in the world.
Richard Stallman|When I'm not writing or tweaking my computer, I do embroidery. When I'm not plunging into the past, tweaking, or embroidering, I'm reading books about history, computers, or embroidery.
Tim Burton|Maybe it’s just in America, but it seems that if you’re passionate about something, it freaks people out. You’re considered bizarre or eccentric. To me, it just means you know who you are.
Rachel de Vine, Out of the Darkness|Kate tracked Barnes down to the potting shed, where he was planting up some seedlings into clay pots. He looked up as Kate entered and gave her a slow half smile once he knew she was unaccompanied."So you can't leave me alone, Miss? Must be my devastating charm. I'm not so sure it's safe for you to be alone in the potting shed with me though.
yakoobkhan|In those days, he said the following: I can only give you a little; but that little, I give to you with love.
Cory Doctorow, Context: Further Selected Essays on Productivity, Creativity, Parenting, and Politics in the 21st Century|Every telecomm company is as big a corporate welfare bum as you could ask for. Try to imagine what it would cost at market rates to go around to every house in every town in every country and pay for the right to block traffic and dig up roads and erect poles and string wires and pierce every home with cabling. The regulatory fiat that allows these companies to get their networks up and running is worth hundreds of billions, if not trillions, of dollars.If phone companies want to operate in the “free market,” then let them: the FCC could give them 60 days to get all their rotten copper out of our dirt, or we’ll buy it from them at the going scrappage rates. Then, let’s hold an auction for the right to be the next big telecomm company, on one condition: in exchange for using the public’s rights-of-way, you have to agree to connect us to the people we want to talk to, and vice-versa, as quickly and efficiently as you can.
Sri Chinmoy, The Wings of Joy: Finding Your Path to Inner Peace|Hope abides; therefore I abide.Countless frustrations have not cowed me.I am still alive, vibrant with life.The black cloud will disappear,The morning sun will appear once againIn all its supernal glory.
Julio Alexi Genao, Taking the Long Way Home|But it turns out Joy is a house built from the same bricks as Sorrow. Pleasure is a poem, and it uses the same words as Pain.
Gene Logsdon, At Nature's Pace: Farming and the American Dream|Starting at life's cryptogram, we either see His name unmistakably resplendent or we see the confusion of religions with no single message, just garbled beliefs that plague our existence, each justified by the voice of culture.
Joel Osteen|The funny thing is, I've never really hurt myself in an action movie. I've done 'Wanted,' 'X-Men,' 'Welcome To The Punch,' even 'Trance' to a certain extent has little bits of action and stuff, but I've never really hurt myself at all - not even like a sprained ankle.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Life is story, until I realized life as sacred.
Nikki Rowe|I am not a day dreamer, I am a believer, that after every painful love I have gone through, it is just an experience to crack open the deepest parts of my core and allow to me to delve into a passion so rare, that I will find a love that was almost, never meant to be.
Helen Fisher|I have a neuroscience background - that's what my doctorate is in - and I was trained to study hormones of attachment, so I definitely feel my parenting is informed by that.
Kendall Kulper, Salt & Storm|I stretched out on the carpet, eyes glazed over, my heart whirring with frustration and fear, and as my mother’s curse slowly, firmly, pushed my eyelids closed, my body went still. But on the inside I was screaming.
Christopher Dines, Mindfulness Burnout Prevention: An 8-Week Course for Professionals|We cannot control the mind by trying to force it to be peaceful or positive. Many have attempted this using a plethora of methods throughout the ages, but it simply does not work. Trying to fight the human mind is like walking into a lion’s den empty-handed and believing that you have a realistic chance of defending yourself.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|The things that are essential to salvation are so exceedingly simple that no child need sit down in despair of understanding the things which make for his peace. Christ crucified is not a riddle for sages, but a plain truth for plain people. True it is meat for men, but it is also milk for babes.
Aaron Sorkin|Toby: All right. It couldn't have gone far, right?Sam: No.Toby: Somewhere in this building...is our talent. 
Jean-Pierre de Caussade, Abandonment to Divine Providence|There is not a moment in which God does not present Himself under the cover of some pain to be endured, of some consolation to be enjoyed, or of some duty to be performed. All that takes place within us, around us, or through us, contains and conceals His divine action.
Haruki Murakami, After the Quake|Listen to this, Nimit. Follow Coleman Hawkins' improvised lines very carefully. He is using them to tell us something. Pay very close attention. He is telling us the story of the free spirit that is doing everything it can to escape from within him. That same kind of spirit is inside me, inside you. There--you can hear it, I'm sure: the hot breath, the shivering heart. (Thailand)
Sara Maitland, How to Be Alone|Being single is like being an artist, not because creating a functional single life is an art form, but because it requires the same close attention to one's singular needs, as well as the will and focus to fulfill them. Just as the artist arranges her life around her creativity, sacrificing conventional comforts and even social acceptance, sleeping and eating according to her own rhythms, so that her talent thrives above all else, nurtured the way a child might be, so a single person has to think hard to decipher what makes her happiest and most fulfilled.
Lora Leigh, Lawe's Justice|Did you wish upon a star and take the time to try to make your wish come true?Did you try to paint the sunrise and find the gift of life within?Did you write a song just for the joy of it?Or write a poem just to feel the pain?Did you find a reason to ignore the petty injustices, the spoken barbs, or the envies, jealousies and greed that crossed your path?Did you wake up this morning and whisper inside, “Today, I’ll find every reason to smile, and ignore the excuses to frown.”Today will be the day I’ll whisper nothing snide, I’ll say nothing cruel. I’ll be kind to my enemy, I’ll embrace my friends, and for thisone day, I’ll forget the slights of the past.Today will be the day I’ll live for the joy of it, laugh for the fun of it, and today, I’ll love whether it’s returned, forsaken, or simplyignored.And if you did, then your heart has joined the others who have as well, uniting, strengthening, and in a single heartbeat you’ve createda world of hope.
Daniel J. Rice, The Unpeopled Season: Journal from a North Country Wilderness|His work was defined by emphasis on the subversiveness philosophy, which asks questions, as opposed to the self-satisfaction of politics, which believes it has answers and insists on them.
Tahir Shah, Sorcerer's Apprentice|Enlightenment, and the death which comes before it, is the primary business of Varanasi.
John Rampton|While it's important to accept failure and not let it bog you down, it's also perfectly acceptable to get upset about it as long as you remember that failure is a stepping stone in your journey that is getting you to where you need to be.
Julius Frontinus|Failure isn't something to be embarassed about; it's just proof that you're pushing your limits, trying new things, daring to innovate.
Edward Albee|If you spend a hundred bucks, or more, to go to the theatre, something should happen to you. Maybe somebody should be asking you some questions about your values, or about the way you think about things. Maybe you should come out of the theatre, something having happened to you. Maybe you should be changing, or thinking about changing. But if you just go there, and the only thing you worry about is where you left the damn car, then you wasted a hundred bucks.
Seanan McGuire, One Salt Sea|By spending years and years living entirely for yourself, thinking only about yourself, and having responsibility to no one but yourself, you end up inadvertently extending the introverted existence of a teenager deep into middle age.
Douglas Wilson, Wordsmithy: Hot Tips for the Writing Life|What lasts in the reader’s mind is not the phrase but the effect the phrase created: laughter, tears, pain, joy. If the phrase is not affecting the reader, what’s it doing there? Make it do its job or cut it without mercy or remorse.
Ian McEwan, Atonement|O youth! youth! you go your way heedless, uncaring – as if you owned all the treasures of the world; even grief elates you, even sorrow sits well upon your brow. You are self-confident and insolent and you say, 'I alone am alive – behold!' even while your own days fly past and vanish without trace and without number, and everything within you melts away like wax in the sun .. like snow .. and perhaps the whole secret of your enchantment lies not, indeed, in your power to do whatever you may will, but in your power to think that there is nothing you will not do: it is this that you scatter to the winds – gifts which you could never have used to any other purpose. Each of us feels most deeply convinced that he has been too prodigal of his gifts – that he has a right to cry, 'Oh, what could I not have done, if only I had not wasted my time.
Bram Stoker, Dracula|I have cried even when the laugh did choke me. But no more think that I am all sorry when I cry, for the laugh he come just the same. Keep it always with you that laughter who knock at your door and say, ‘May I come in?’ is not true laughter. No! He is a king, and he come when and how he like. He ask no person, he choose no time of suitability. He say, ‘I am here.
Chinelo Okparanta, Under the Udala Trees|There are no miracles these days. Manna will not fall from the sky. Bombs, yes, enough to pierce our hearts, but manna, no.
Dada Bhagwan|When a man’s trust is violated, he will leave even his friend. Hey, you shouldn’t leave him! There is the energy of the absolute Self within and if the knowledge of the Self is attained, one may even attain the state of the absolute-Self!
Cassandra Clare|You didn't have to come after me.""Yes, I did," he said. "You're far too inexperienced to protect yourself in a hostile situation without me.""That's sweet. Maybe I'll forgive you.""Forgive me? Fro what?""Fro telling me to shut up."His eyes narrowed. "I did not... Well, I did, But you were-""Never mind.
Laura Wilkinson|Dolls fire our collective imagination, for better and - too often - for worse. From life-size dolls the same height as the little girls who carry them, to dolls whose long hair can 'grow' longer, to Barbie and her fashionable sisters, dolls do double duty as child's play and the focus of adult art and adult fear.
Margaret McAllister, Urchin and the Heartstone|Alone all day, Juniper would remember the animals and places he loved, and hold them in his own heart before the great Heart that made them. He was learning to find quietness inside himself. He was learning to pray.
Robert Bloch, Psycho|It was no ape, neither was it a man. It was some shambling horror spawned in the mysterious, nameless jungles of the south, where strange life teemed in the reeking rot without the dominance of man, and drums thundered in temples that had never known the tread of a human foot.
Donalyn Miller, The Book Whisperer: Awakening the Inner Reader in Every Child|He returned my smile with a half grin. "So what do you blog about? Knitting? Puzzles? Being lonely?
Sunday Adelaja|One thing that gives meaning to our thinking, drive our understanding, and determines what makes us happy or unhappy is the very thing we seek to have, and we yearn for to be happy and feel alright. Aside that thing, life, the understanding of life, and how life should be lived is different all together.
Charles Duhigg|I realized that I was afraid to really, really try something, 100%, because I had never reached true failure.
Joseph Alleine|In every sound convert the judgement is brought to approve of the laws and ways of Christ, and subscribe to them as most righteous and reasonable; the desire of the heart is to know the whole mind of Christ; the free and resolved choice of the heart is determined for the ways of Christ, before all the pleasures of sin, and prosperities of the world; it is the daily care of his life to walk with God.
Anna B. Doe, Lost & Found|It’s like a domino effect. After all the time of neatly putting the pieces together, one wrong move, one moment of distraction, and all of it comes falling down. The same happens to us. While ignoring all those moments that happened, all the situations when we wanted to do something, make a move and let our impulses take over, we put them neatly one behind other and now it comes crashing down around us.
Sarah Ockler, Fixing Delilah|In your entire life, you can probably count your true friends on one hand. Maybe even on one finger. Those are the friends you need to cherish, and I wouldn't trade one of them for a hundred of the other kind. I'd rather be completely alone than with a bunch of people who aren't real. People who are just passing time.
J.D. Salinger|For me, it's writing a book and telling people about this story.
Jean Plaidy, The Courts of Love: The Story of Eleanor of Aquitaine|In the new American ghetto, the nightmare engine is bubble economics, a kind of high-tech casino scam that kills neighborhoods just like dope does, only the product is credit, not crack or heroin. It concentrates the money of the population in just a few hands with brutal efficiency, just like narco-business, and just as in narco-business the product itself, debt, steadily demoralizes the customer to the point where he’s unable to prevent himself from being continually dominated.
Frances Farmer|God has been very good to me, for I never dwell upon anything wrong which a person has done, so as to remember it afterwards. If I do remember it, I always see some other virtue in that person.
Samuel Beckett, Company|You are on your back at the foot of an aspen. In its trembling shade. She at right angles propped on her elbows head between her hands. Your eyes opened and closed have looked in hers looking in yours. In your dark you look in them again. Still. You feel on your face the fringe of her long black hair stirring in the still air. Within the tent of hair your faces are hidden from view. She murmurs, Listen to the leaves. Eyes in each other's eyes you listen to the leaves. In their trembling shade.
Jeffrey Kluger|My mum was raised Jewish, my dad is very scientifically minded, and my school was vaguely Christian. We sang hymns in school. I liked the hymns bit, but apart from that, I can take it or leave it. So I had lots of different influences when I was younger.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|Your dreams may have been buried inside of you for a long time because you were busy with things that needed to get done, but it is never too late to dare to dream.
Charlotte Rampling|Scientists and philosophers tend to treat knowledge, imagination and love as if they were all very separate parts of human nature. But when it comes to children, all three are deeply entwined. Children learn the truth by imagining all the ways the world could be, and testing those possibilities.
Álvaro de Campos|I consider a dream like I consider a shadow,” answered Caeiro, with his usual divine, unexpected promptitude. “A shadow is real, but it’s less real than a rock. A dream is real — if it weren’t, it wouldn’t be a dream — but less real than a thing. That’s what being real is like.
H. Rider Haggard, Allan Quatermain|How can a world be good in which Money is the moving power, and Self-interest the guiding star?
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|Don't most astrophysicists now predict some "end of the line" - an end to it all? Not just the death of things, but the annihilation of everything. Some great contraction, or collapse. Or, perhaps, some vast dissipation into eternal emptiness. Maybe it's all swallowed up by an immense black hole, which then swallows itself. But, whatever the case, their extinction is inevitable and absolute. So complete as to erase any and all evidence that this reality - this existence - ever took place. So complete that, perhaps, for all intents and purposes, it never really did. (attrib: F.L. Vanderson)
Viktor E. Frankl|Do you know a cure for me?""Why yes," he said, "I know a cure for everything. Salt water.""Salt water?" I asked him."Yes," he said, "in one way or the other. Sweat, or tears, or the salt sea.
Henry David Thoreau|Philanthropy is often seen as society's risk capital. That means the onus is on philanthropists, nonprofit leaders and social entrepreneurs to innovate. But philanthropic innovation is not just about creating something new. It also means applying new thinking to old problems, processes and systems.
Arnold Schwarzenegger|Vegetables are a must on a diet. I suggest carrot cake, zucchini bread, and pumpkin pie.
Justine Brooks Froelker, Ever Upward: Overcoming the Lifelong Losses of Infertility to Define Your Own Happy Ending|Not everyone is capable of sacrificing his own life. So it is, always has been and always will be.
Kellie Elmore, Magic in the Backyard|Resting on the roots of this old oak I lean back against his knotted trunk, shine my granny smith on my sleeve And ponder the days…
George R.R. Martin, A Dance with Dragons|The strongest trees are rooted in the dark places of the earth. Darkness will be your cloak, your shield, your mother's milk. Darkness will make you strong.
Amit Trivedi, Riding The Roller Coaster: Lessons from financial market cycles we repeatedly forget|When disinformation is running rampant, there are two ignorances that may emerge: the one is actually positive, a sort of pure and intentional emptying of the mind; but the other is of course negative and clogged and polluted.
N. T. Wright|...And suddenly, from behind me, I hear the metaphysically abrupt arrival of the office boy. I feel like I could kill him for barging in on what I wasn't thinking. I turn around and look at him with a silence full of hatred, tense with latent homicide, my mind already hearing the voice he'll use to tell me something or other. He smiles from the other side of the room and says 'Good afternoon' in a loud voice. I hate him like the universe. My eyes are sore from imagining.
Mos Def|Real misanthropes are not found in solitude, but in the world; since it is experience of life, and not philosophy, which produces real hatred of mankind.
Graham Greene, The Quiet American|Whew,' he said, 'I'm glad that's over, Thomas. I've been feeling awfully bad about it.' It was only too evident that he no longer did.
Tiffany Reisz, The Bourbon Thief|I am naturally anti-slavery. If slavery is not wrong, nothing is wrong.
Steve Almond|To look at the work of your peers, and learn how to explain with kindness and precision, the nature of their mistakes is, in fact, how you learn to diagnose your own work.
Rose Wynters, Phase One: Identify|Remember: You are no one. You have no name. You do not speak, you do not look at them, you do not volunteer for anything. You work, bot not so hard they notice you. Gizela. Zytka. Your parents, Oskar and Mina. They are dead and gone now, Yanek, and we would grieve for them if we could. But we have only one purpose now: survive. Survive at all costs, Yanek. We cannot let these monsters tear us from the pages of the world.
Paul Dano|So much about 'Rookie' has been very organically familial among our contributors, among our readers. Yeah, if I interview someone like Lorde, who I do know outside of work - sometimes I'm just so happy; it's so cool that this is organically, effortlessly, the warm, supportive friend vibe that we want here.
Billy Idol|There are really four 'headlines' for me: honesty, integrity, hard work, and what I call a 'can-do' attitude. You could call that 'can-do' attitude optimism, but it is not Pollyannaish optimism. Rather, it is a 'we'll figure it out' type of mentality.
Khang Kijarro Nguyen|Unless you break free from the shackles of beauty as dictated by the media and society, true beauty will be elusive.
Jack R. Cotner|I think the best thing about being a writer is getting to dream. It's constantly viewing life through the "what if?" lens.
Charles Dickens|Modern fanaticism thrives in proportion to the quanitity of contradictions and nonsense it poures down the throats of the gaping multitude, and the jargon and mysticism it offers to their wonder and credulity.
Christina Engela, Other Kids Are Kids Almost Just Like You|Some kids are both or neitherAnd don't want to have to choose, either.
Robert A. Heinlein|If God meant for people to fly, He would have given them brains.
Steve Goodier|You may have heard the talk of diversity, sensitivity training, and body cameras. These are all fine and applicable, but they understate the task and allow the citizens of this country to pretend that there is real distance between their own attitudes and those of the ones appointed to protect them. The truth is that the police reflect America in all of its will and fear, and whatever we might make of this country's criminal justice policy, it cannot be said that it was imposed by a repressive minority.
Adalbert Stifter, Indian Summer|Do you believe in God, Martin?'And he answered, 'Yes, because of His trees. Don't you?''I'm not sure...''Oh, my poor, blind Stephen! Look again, go on looking until you do believe.
Michelle Hodkin, The Evolution of Mara Dyer|When I'm around you, it's like every dream I've ever had is standing right in front of me.
Tom Stoppard, Arcadia|Comparing what we're looking for misses the point. It's wanting to know that makes us matter. Otherwise we're going out the way we came in. That's why you can't believe in the afterlife, Valentine. Believe in the after, by all means, but not the life. Believe in God, the soul, the spirit, the infinite, believe in angels if you like, but not in the great celestial get-together for an exchange of views. If the answers are in the back of the book I can wait, but what a drag. Better to struggle on knowing that failure is final.
Marina Lewycka, Two Caravans|With a feeling of despondency so intense that it was almost pleasurable, he got out his guitar.So this was to be his condition now.What was he but a fragment of broken churned-uphumanity washed up on this faraway shore? This was where his journey had brought him.... There mus be a song in this...
Pearl Zhu, Talent Master: 199+ Questions to See Talent from Different Angles|Thinking of it, and doing it… they're not the same.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|If we want to give grace to our children, then first we must be willing to receive it ourselves from God.
Shari Arison|Your premium brand had better be delivering something special, or it's not going to get the business.
John Bright|But there will be no justice, there will be no government of the people, by the people, and for the people, as long as the government and its officials permit bribery in any form.
Kevin Bacon|Google has withdrawn from China, arguing that it is no longer willing to design its search engine to block information that the Chinese government does not wish its citizens to have. In liberal democracies around the world, this decision has generally been greeted with enthusiasm.
Eliezer Yudkowsky|There's a popular concept of 'intelligence' as book smarts, like calculus or chess, as opposed to, say, social skills. So people say that 'it takes more than intelligence to succeed in human society.' But social skills reside in the brain, not the kidneys.
Charles Eisenstein, The More Beautiful World Our Hearts Know Is Possible|Captain Reed eyed him thoughtfully. "I built my whole life around the stories they about me. You know what I learned?"Archer shook his head."What you do makes you who you are....
Sheri Kaye Hoff, Relax Into Inspired Action: Connect the Pieces and Live Fulfilled|Money flows in from multiple sources, when you are truly focused on feeling good about what you are doing and living the present moment fully. If you think it has to be hard, then it is hard; if you decide it can be easy, natural, and flowing- you have opened the door.
Czesław Miłosz|A true opium of the people is a belief in nothingness after death - the huge solace of thinking that for our betrayals, greed, cowardice, murders we are not going to be judged.
Benjamin Franklin|Sloth makes all things difficult, but industry all easy; and he that riseth late must trot all day, and shall scarce overtake his business at night; while laziness travels so slowly, that poverty soon overtakes him.
Sreesha Divakaran, Those Imperfect Strokes|Fire will save the Clan," she murmured, and Fireheart remembered the mysterious prophecy that he had heard from his earliest days in ThunderClan. "You never understood, did you?" Bluestar went on. "Not even when I gave you your apprentice name, Firepaw. And I doubted it myself, when fire raged through our camp. Yet I see the truth now. Fireheart, you are the fire who will save ThunderClan.
Walter Dean Myers, Fallen Angels|You are not in Disneyland,” he said. “The little people you see running around over here are not Mouseketeers. Some of them are friendly, and some of them have a strong desire to kill you. If you remember that, and manage to kill them before they kill you, then you have a good chance of getting through your year of service here.
Alastair Reynolds, Chasm City|God sovereignly decreed that man should be free to exercise moral choice, and man from the beginning has fulfilled that decree by making his choice between good and evil. When he chooses to do evil, he does not thereby countervail the sovereign will of God but fulfills it, inasmuch as the eternal decree decided not which choice the man should make but that he should be free to make it. If in His absolute freedom God has willed to give man limited freedom, who is there to stay His hand or say, 'What doest thou?' Man’s will is free because God is sovereign. A God less than sovereign could not bestow moral freedom upon His creatures. He would be afraid to do so.
Dawn Gluskin|Be grateful for everything. The good, the bad, the ugly. Our entire life is a precious gift. It’s all part of our path.
Wayne Gerard Trotman|Helping people and putting smiles on their faces is a great, great thing. God only knows why more people don't do it more often.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Just as millions of angels participated in the dazzling show when the morning stars sang together at creation, so will the innumerable hosts of heaven help bring to pass God’s prophetic declarations throughout time and into eternity.
Eric Metaxas, Bonhoeffer: Pastor, Martyr, Prophet, Spy|When we died, no one would know, and that fraction of a moment that was so important to who we were would be gone.
James Allen|To become properly acquainted with a truth, we must first have disbelieved it, and disputed against it.
P. J. O'Rourke|The beef industry has contributed to more American deaths than all the wars of this century, all natural disasters, and all automobile accidents combined.
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|The more you put your arm around those that you might naturally look down on, the more you will love yourself. And the more you love yourself, the less need you’ll ever have to find fault or be better than others. And the less we all find fault or have a need to be better than others, the quicker this world becomes a far better place to live.
Jose Rizal|Great and glorious God, and Thou Lord Jesus, I pray you shed abroad your light in the darkness of my mind. Be found of me, Lord, so that in all things I may act only in accordance with Thy holy will.
Mae West|I only read biographies, metaphysics and psychology. I can dream up my own fiction.
Mary Roach, Gulp: Adventures on the Alimentary Canal|No blood at all. I could hear that phrase repeat itself in my head, louder each time. No sticky, hot, messy, awful blood. No splatter. NO BLOOD AT ALL. Why hadn't I thought of that?
Bonhoeffer Dietrich|Or is what remains in me like a defeated army,Fleeing in disarray from victory already won?
Charles Duhigg|Ignorance breeds antipathy. Until I got to know how computers worked, I didn't want anything to do with them. I said, 'Well, why do I need them? I write letters.' Which I still do.
Bryan Davis, Circles of Seven|Aren't you something," Grandma said. "I never saw a midget up close." "Little person," Briggs said. "And I never saw anyone as old as you up close, either.
Amit Kalantri|To the issues of friendship, love, business and war, "surprise" is the optimistic solution.
George F. Will, The Woven Figure: Conservatism and America's Fabric|In times of change and danger, when there is a quicksand of fear under one's reasoning, a sense of continuity with generations before can stretch like a lifeline across the scary present. John Dos Passos
Sheri S. Tepper, The Fresco|[T]he scripture worshippers put the writings ahead of God. Instead of interpreting God's actions in nature, for example, they interpret nature in the light of the Scripture. Nature says the rock is billions of years old, but the book says different, so even though men wrote the book, and God made the rock and God gave us minds that have found ways to tell how old it is, we still choose to believe the Scripture.
Eowyn Ivey, To The Bright Edge of the World|I am left to wonder, will anyone else see it?That day in the forest when I looked upon the marble bear, alive with the setting sun, what did I witness? Was it only sunlight on stone, or Father's spirit, or a reflection of my own? It seems to me now that such a moment requires a kind of trinity: you and I and the thing itself.
Francis Marion Crawford, For the Blood is the Life and Other Stories|With horror he perceived that, by uniting himself as he had with the dead, he had cut himself off from the living. Stripped of all earthly hope, bereft of every consolation, he was rendered as poor as mortal can possiblybe on this side of the grave.
Rachel Cusk|I've seen plays that are, objectively, total messes that move me in ways that their tidier brethren do not. That's the romantic mystery of great theater. Translating this ineffability into printable prose is a challenge that can never be fully met.
Ursula K. Le Guin|The creative process is a cocktail of instinct, skill, culture and a highly creative feverishness. It is not like a drug; it is a particular state when everything happens very quickly, a mixture of consciousness and unconsciousness, of fear and pleasure, it's a little like making love, the physical act of love.
Richard Branson|Some people get into this business and they're so afraid to lose anything. They try to protect their position like clinging to a beachhead. These actors end up making really safe choices. I never wanted to go that route. If I go down, I'm going down swinging.
Debasish Mridha|Democracy is good, but it is not good for an uneducated dogmatic society. Often, that society does not know how to choose wisely.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you want to be happy now, love now; if you want to be happy later, love later; but if you want to be happy always, love always.
Faithful Akpaloo|When a lady is ready to marry, she has to wait for a man to come for her.When a man is ready to marry, he just has to make his choice
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|Her brain was acutely damaged in the accident. When the doctor was coming out of the ICU, he feared.He made an evil prayer.“I am fine to live with her memories, I will settle myself with the verythought that she isn't anymore, happily and gently.But dear God, don’t make her lose her conscious,like a dead yet, living body. Coldness in the eyes,which I have seen filled with love and surprisewill kill me every day.I don’t want to die a new death every minute.Take her away,Or give her back in whole.
Tim O'Brien|Writing doesn’t get easier with experience. The more you know, the harder it is to write.
Johnny Rich|You do not keep the audience's interest by giving it information, but by withholding information ....
Rebecca Solnit, Hope in the Dark|If only they could listen with their hearts & not their minds, maybe then they would understand that often times it's the emotions not spoken that are longing to be heard.
Jerry Springer|I have always marveled that so many religions exact such revenge against dissenters. It only weakens the appeal of their faith and contradicts any claims they might have made that 'all religions are basically the same.' If all religions were indeed the same, why not let someone be 'converted' to another religion?
Elizabeth   Hunter, The Singer|So you are the scribes that nobody and everybody is talking about,” Konrad said. “I don’t know about that,” Malachi said. “I’m not much for gossip.”“Oh, we eminent politicians don’t call it gossip, Malachi. We call it ‘intelligence.
Elizabeth Kenny|Being an American is a state of mind, and to be in a family is to feel the power of belonging, the power of your roots. Family is a tree, the strength of a tree, the roots, the leaves, the past and the present, the future, the fruits, the seeds.
Brian A. McBride|Here was the world-famous novelist with her penchant for detail; yet, in her observations of a prostitute with a customer, she had failed to come away with the most important detail of all. She could never identify the murderer; she could barely describe him. She'd made a point of not looking at him!
C. Terry Warner|In the common degree of the moral, there is no virtue. Virtue is excellence.
James Fallows|Also, they don't understand - writing is language. The use of language. The language to create image, the language to create drama. It requires a skill of learning how to use language.
Sigmund Freud, Civilization and Its Discontents|What makes you a Man? In My opinion it is the same thing that makes you a woman. It's what makes us all who we are. The capacity to care. If you stop caring, you stop being. The measure of anyone is determined by their capacity to care.
William Morris|She is leaving him, not all at once, which would be painful enough, but in a wrenching succession of separations. One moment she is here, and then she is gone again, and each journey takes her a little farther from his reach. He cannot follow her, and he wonders where she goes when she leaves.
L.R.W. Lee|Holding a grudge hurts the one holding it more than the one it's held against... All that wasted time and energy... Let it go." L. R. W. Lee Andy Smithson: Blast of the Dragon's Fury
Rainbow Rowell, Carry On|He's still looking in my eyes. Staring me down like he did that dragon, chin tilted and locked. "I'm not the Chosen One," he says.I meet his gaze and sneer. My arm is a steel band around his waist. "I choose you," I say. "Simon Snow, I choose you.
Suanne Laqueur|People like you and me, we have too many nerves and not enough skin. That’s the issue. Too many nerves. Not enough skin. We feel things straight to our bones. We’re radar dishes. We take in everything and we feel everything. We feel pain that doesn’t even belong to us. We are the animal shelter of feelings. We rescue everything.
Menachem Begin|Future peace, prosperity and confidence depend not just on ourselves but on the success of all nations. Hence, we are all partners, no matter what our backgrounds, cultures, faiths and histories.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|I am convinced that when a man sincerely searches for God with all his heart, God will reveal Himself in some way.
Zayn Malik|No matter how hard life is, don't lose hope
Louisa May Alcott|Polly tried to conquer the bad feeling; but it worried her, till she remembered something her mother once said to her: "When you feel out of sorts, try to make someone else happy, and you will soon be so yourself.
Daniel Woodrell, Winter's Bone|Ree Dolly stood at the break of day on her cold front steps and smelled coming flurries and saw meat. Meat hung from trees across the creek. Carcasses hung pale of flesh with fatty gleam from low limbs of saplings in the side yards. Three halt haggard houses formed a kneeling rank on the far creekside and each had two or more skinned torsos dangling by rope from sagged limbs, venison left to the weather for two nights and three days so the early blossoming of decay might round the flavor, sweeten that meat to the bone.
William Shakespeare|You can't go by what a girl says, when she's giving you the devil for making a chump of yourself. It's like Shakespeare. Sounds well, but doesn't mean anything.
Curzio Malaparte, The Skin|I was a modern young woman, fearless and capable (with mace spray in my robe’s right pocket), and I didn’t care who knew it. Attitude was everything when dealing with dwarfs.
Michael  Grant, Light|In fact, if our kids are successful in every normal way, they can still miss God's main mark.
Dmitry Bakin|The fool says 'I never intended to kill. I meant only to wound.' But I tell you that if you prick a finger with a poisoned thorn you may not claim innocence when the heart dies. Do not plant a weed and pretend surprise when it grows to strangle your garden. For, I tell you that hate is to kill, for from hatred grows death as surely as life grows from love. Therefore do not nurture hatred, but love, even for those who hate you in return. Hatred wins many battles, and yet love will triumph.
Roy Saputra, Lontang-Lantung|Twoa said, obviously still in my brain. "It was my pheromones," she said defensively. I looked up at her; she was sniffing herself. She looked down at me. "Okay, maybe it wasn’t ALL the pheromones," she admitted. "Nobody makes a good deodorant for superheroes.
Deyth Banger|Oh, oh human stupidity, probably that's why I don't succeed with mankind, somebody says "Can I stop by?" you answer "Okay..." or "Sure""... but why and saying what you are doing in case he hasn't asked you?
Alice Hoffman, Practical Magic|Every problem has a solution, although it may not be the outcome that was originally hoped for or expected.
Alice Munro, The Progress of Love|This is the way you look at the poorest details of the world resurfaced, after you've been driving for a long time -- you feel their singleness and precise location and the forlorn coincidence of you being there to see them.
Bill Konigsberg, Openly Straight|My heart didn’t break into a thousand pieces after he left. Instead, I realized all the things he didn’t do. He didn’t want to hear my stories. He didn’t ask me questions. He didn’t smile when I was talking to him. He didn’t hug me out of the blue to make me feel good. His hugs were always a preamble to something else and after he was gone, I wondered if he ever knew me at all.
Amélie Nothomb, Le Sabotage amoureux|I hope that while so many people are out smelling the flowers, someone is taking the time to plant some.
Lawren Leo, Dragonflame: Tap Into Your Reservoir of Power Using Talismans, Manifestation, and Visualization|When we actually refer to God’s blueprint, we gladly work in fascinated conjunction with it, suddenly realizing that any other action outside of that blueprint is foolhardiness and lunacy of the worst sort.
Nora Roberts, The Villa|David.""Nobody home but you and me," he said, nibbling at her jaw, her throat, her mouth as he guidedher out of the kitchen. "You know what I was thinking the other day?""No." How could she? She didn't know what she was thinking right now."That it's a complex business. My girlfriend lives with her mother."She did laugh now, at the idea of being called anyone's girlfriend."And I live with my kids. No place to go to do all the things I've imagined doing with you. Do youknow the things I've imagined doing with you?""I'm getting the picture. David, it's the middle of the day.""The middle of the day." He paused at the base of the steps. "And an opportunity. I hate wastedopportunities, don't you?
Debasish Mridha|Let your mind dance with me. Let it be, just for a moment, stress free.
Denzel Washington, A Hand to Guide Me|When you don't understand something, you label it and condemn it" (94) - Danny Glover, "The Fundamental Things
Steven Magee|If you do not want to be lied to, then you need to stop following politics.
Connor Franta, A Work in Progress|Success involves failing first. Ask any successful person. Ask any experienced person, really. It's all part of the creative process, so sit back and allow the artist within you to sprout, blossom and flourish. You must accept that your first, second, and third attempt at something might suck. It's a necessary step in improving your skill. Failure is your teacher, not your judge.
Françoise Sagan, Dans un mois, dans un an|You want to know the great thing about today, it doesn't care about what you did or didn't do yesterday or what you're going to do tomorrow, it only cares about what you do right now.
Euripides, Medea|I try to pray everyday or every night to thank my Personal Lord for all that he has given me, all that he is giving me, and all that he will give me.
Peter De Vries|I saw an ad for an expensive car and got so excited about it, I called the dealer. 'How are those new cars?' I asked. 'They're fine,' he said. I thought he'd offer to let me drive it for a weekend. He didn't. I expected a salesman to call. No one did. I didn't buy the car.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If my decisions constantly heed the voice of the world, I can be completely assured that I’m going to end up in a ‘world of hurt.’ If my decisions heed the word of God, I can be completely assured that this ‘world of hurt’ won't be anywhere near my solar system.
T.J. Kirk|It is, indeed, one of the basic moral blindspots of American conservatism that its intellectual and leadership energy have never been focused in a proactive way on America's racial-caste legacy. This represents a fundamental moral crisis of modern American conservatism.... American conservatives typically ignored the authoritarian and violent racial-caste practices and values arrayed against black Americans in southern states where the vast majority of blacks live. On the other hand, American conservatives have, throughout this century, often embraced freedom movements elsewhere in the world --in Europe, Latin America, East Asia-- but always firmly resisting a proactive embrace of the black American civil rights movement as a bona fide freedom movement fully worthy of their support. So it is in the shadow of this dismal record of mainstream American conservatism vis-a-vis black Americans' long and arduous quest for equality of status that new black conservatives have emerged.
Vannevar Bush|The historian of science may be tempted to exclaim that when paradigms change, the world itself changes with them.
Richard Llewellyn|But then he stops at the door frame and says, It's 9:24. Telling me the time is a small act of betrayal-and therefore an ordinary act of bravery. It is maybe the first time I've seen Peter be truly Dauntless.
Francois Nars|Beauty is only skin deep. I think what's really important is finding a balance of mind, body and spirit.
Margaret Murray|In this coming year, I will seek knowledge from those wiser than me and try to teach those who wish to learn from me. I love being alive, and I will be the best man I possibly can.
Cameron Jace, Pentimento|I didn't belong in this world anymore. It's not that I wanted to be dead, I just felt like I should be.
Susan Sontag|It’s not love that the past needs in order to survive, it’s an absence of choices.
Christine Pohl|In addition to an open heart and open mind, I also brought (to the small group Bible study) an open mouth.
Oli Anderson, Personal Revolutions: A Short Course in Realness|One of the most human things that you can do is reach out for the stars knowing that you might not ever touch them; we are all perfectly imperfect, but to live knowing so is to be a fulfilled human being.
Shonali Dey|To be loyal, it will require a dedication only you can provide. And when you begin to feel withdrawn, it may be that your passion, in your dedication, has run its course.
Robin Lord Taylor|I have a preference for rough architecture, real, inexpensive, unfinished.
Cecily White, Prophecy Girl|Death is a lot like prom - loud, overdone, and although the guy you came with was cool, you never know who'll end up taking you home.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Beyond the limit of pain, it is longer painful.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Put in the time. To position yourself as an expert, practice, apply, experiment, volunteer, and work within your area of knowledge to deepen your own understanding as you build real-life experience.
Paul Palnik, Eternaloons: The Palnik Anthology|Well, to tell you the truth, I've thought of it often and often before, but he's such devilish good company is Huntingdon, after all - you can't imagine what a jovial good fellow he is when he's not fairly drunk, only just primed or half-seas-over - we all have a bit of a liking for him at the bottom of our hearts, though we can't respect him.''But should you wish yourself to be like him?''No, I'd rather be like myself, bad as I am.
Karl Lagerfeld|The secret to modeling is not being perfect. What one needs is a face that people can identify in a second. You have to be given what’s needed by nature, and what’s needed is to bring something new.
Kate Atkinson, Case Histories|When you have cat stealers over for tea, you clean the house, buy bagels and cream cheese, and try to figure out how to trap your guests in a lie.
Sunday Adelaja|If we do not start doing something towards the fulfillment of our dream or,it will never come to pass
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|It must start by knowing Time = Life. Spending your life on impulse will lead to a broke life, just like impulse buying leads to an empty wallet! How much value you place on your time reflects in the activities that consume your time.
Suzanne  Johnson, Belle Chasse|You're asking for trouble, woman." At the gruff tone of his voice, I raised my head and met his dark, chocolate-brown eyes, rimmed by long lashes that didn't take an ounce away from his masculinity. I wanted to drown in those eyes."I like trouble, remember?
Arianna Huffington, The Sleep Revolution: Transforming Your Life, One Night at a Time|Angelo," he said, and felt the bed rock as Angelo shuddered, caught halfway between REM atonia - the inhibition of movement caused by the shutdown of monoamines in the brain - and waking.
Richie Havens|Peace is something very dear. If you've been through wars and operations and battles, you want peace.
Sarah  Richards, Taken in the Woods|If 9 out of 10 grandmothers selected from 10 respective cultures can agree it is evil, then it's evil. Cut it out.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|When you are "off somewhere else" people notice. Have you found yourself in conversations in which you’re so concerned about what you are going to say next, that you don’t even hear what the other person is saying? Guilty as charged, right?
Mary Jo  Putney, The China Bride|Europeans condemned Chinese foot binding, but any society that had invented the corset had a lot to answer for.
Chayada Welljaipet, War Between Two Powerful Nations|Thank you father, thank you. I know you watched me from above and protected me. I promise I shall serve the Magnarian Confederation with all my body and soul. I shall dedicate myself fully to our confederation, the family that you so loved. And I love it too. I shall protect, love and respect it always. This is my promise and commitment. Thank you
Diane Setterfield, The Thirteenth Tale|My study throngs with characters waiting to be written. Imaginary people, anxious for a life, who tug at my sleeve, crying, 'Me next! Go on! My turn!' I have to select. And once I have chosen, the others lie quiet for ten months or a year, until I come to the end of the story, and the clamor starts up again.
Gideon Defoe, The Pirates! In An Adventure With Napoleon|It’s not really my fault. The problem is that my mouth just comes out with these things. And you can’t blame me for what my mouth does, can you? Curse this mouth. Do you think it might be possessed?'The Pirate Captain looked in the mirror and made his mouth into a series of shapes he thought looked demonic.
Juan Mascaró|Fools, their wisdom weak,are their own enemiesas they go through life,doing evilthat bearsbitter fruit.
Kallam Anji Reddy|Grief starts to become indulgent, and it doesn't serve anyone, and it's painful. But if you transform it into remembrance, then you're magnifying the person you lost and also giving something of that person to other people, so they can experience something of that person.
Jean Faustin Louembe|A life well lived is better than too many quotesSometimes we are too fast, we want to shoot at people with our knowledge of the Bible. We don't really need to open our mouth much! Like the bible says: we are suppose to be those living epistles read of all men. Our actions talk more than our religious behaviour. Let's be more showing Christ than showing our knowledge about the Word. God bless you.
Placido Domingo|Musician jokes are a kind of joke that usually have to do with how much money someone makes. Musicians are always starving, so they're really mean to each other about who makes what.
Saint Bernard|To say, 'well done' to any bit of good work is to take hold of the powers which have made the effort and strengthen them beyond our knowledge.
Patricia C. Wrede|I picked up a snake once. In Italy.""Why did you do that?""For a bet.""Was it poisonous?""We didn't know. That was the point of the bet.""Did it bite you?""Of course.""Why of course?""It wouldn't be much of a story, would it? If I'd put it down unharmed, and away it slid?
Caroline Kepnes, You|Youth is like having a big plate of candy. Sentimentalists think they want to be in the pure, simple state they were in before they ate the candy. They don't. They just want the fun of eating it all over again.
Inbee Park|Poor, darling fellow - he died of food. He was killed by the dinner table.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|I know you’re hurting, Taylor, but grief is clouding your judgement and you need to stay focused. If you attack her now, you won’t win. You know she has the advantage, Taylor. I’ve taught you this. Please, we just need to get out of here.
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|Often during writing, I am compelled by OCD to delete and rewrite a word or sentence over and over again.
Steven Johnson, How We Got to Now: Six Innovations That Made the Modern World|Every genuinely new technology has a genuinely new way of breaking – and every now and then, those malfunctions open a new door to the adjacent possible. Sometimes the way a new technology breaks is almost as interesting as the way it works.
Sameh Elsayed|For those who were born lovers, falling in love is neither an option nor a decision. it is a matter of existence.
Sabrina Vourvoulias|... no sensitive Christian can be satisfied with a distinction between righteousness and unrighteousness drawn only between communities, with each individual belonging unambiguously on one or the other side of the line. The behavior of "the righteous" is often very disappointing, while "the unrighteous" regularly perform in a manner that is much better than our theology might lead us to expect of them. Thus the need for a perspective that allows for both a rather slow process of sanctification in the Christian life and some sort of divine restraint on the power of sin in the unbelieving community. These theological adjustments to a religious perspective that might otherwise betray strong Manichean tones provide us with yet another reason for openness to a broad-ranging dialogue: Christians have good grounds for believing that their own weakness can be corrected by encountering the strengths of others.
Euginia Herlihy|In life you dream, you step out and you make it happen.
Thomas Merton, Gandhi On Non-Violence|Peace cannot be built on exclusivism, absolutism, and intolerance. But neither can it be built on vague liberal slogans and pious programs gestated in the smoke of confabulation. There can be no peace on earth without the kind of inner change that brings man back to his "right mind." p. 31
Lucy Moore, Anything Goes: A Biography of the Roaring Twenties|The crash did not cause the Depression: that was part of a far broader malaise. What it did was expose the weaknesses that underpinned the confidence and optimism of the 1920s - poor distribution of income, a weak banking structure and insufficient regulations, the economy's dependence on new consumer goods, the over-extension of industry and the Government's blind belief that promoting business interests would make America uniformly prosperous.
James MacDonald, Christ-Centered Biblical Counseling: Changing Lives with God's Changeless Truth|So often, it's others around us who can see where God wants to grow us even before we see it ourselves.
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|Hey, metaphysics seminar is on the roof. Just take the elevator up and keep walking until you hit the sidewalk. Anything is true if enough people believe it.
Peter Milligan, The Discipline, Volume One: The Seduction|I am a palette of emotions; I remember how I have cov-eted to be free from the school rules. I look around to see people casually dressed up and walking with an aim maybe to make a better career or just add fame of DU degree like me. The campus is buzzing with freshman and activity. I just hope, these corridors, hallways, and passages don’t see me trip-ping and falling any day. I feel more comfortable standing in between the crowd of people moving. Like nobody is paying any heed. You can be yourself without feeling awkward about anything.
Lindsey Rietzsch, Successful Failures: Recognizing the Divine Role That Opposition Plays in Life's Quest for Success|Truth is a broken mirror, but it can still help anyone to see clearly.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Like the weather or bonds between lovers, transformations cannot always be predicted. All energy transmutes one day or another, in one way or another. Either in its form or composition, or in its position or disposition.
Syed Khalid Hussan, Undoing Border Imperialism|My thoughts on the descent of our moral prejudices – for that is what this polemic is about – were first set out in a sketchy and provisional way in the collection of aphorisms entitled Human, All Too Human. A Book for Free Spirits, which I began to write in Sorrento during a winter that enabled me to pause, like a wanderer pauses, to take in the vast and dangerous land through which my mind had hitherto travelled. This was in the winter of 1876–7; the thoughts themselves go back further. They were mainly the same thoughts which I shall be taking up again in the present essays – let us hope that the long interval has done them good, that they have become riper, brighter, stronger and more perfect! The fact that I still stick to them today, and that they themselves in the meantime have stuck together increasingly firmly, even growing into one another and growing into one, makes me all the more blithely confident that from the first, they did not arise in me individually, randomly or sporadically but as stemming from a single root, from a fundamental will to knowledge deep inside me which took control, speaking more and more clearly and making ever clearer demands. And this is the only thing proper for a philosopher. We have no right to stand out individually: we must not either make mistakes or hit on the truth individually. Instead, our thoughts, values, every ‘yes’, ‘no’, ‘if ’ and ‘but’ grow from us with the same inevitability as fruits borne on the tree – all related and referring to one another and a testimonial to one will, one health, one earth, one sun. – Do you like the taste of our fruit? – But of what concern is that to the trees? And of what concern is it to us philosophers? . . .
Chris Marker|In going back we must take our present selves with us: the mind has taken a different colour, and this is thrown back upon our past.
Kami Garcia, Dangerous Creatures|The true purpose [of Zen] is to see things as they are, to observe things as they are, and to let everything go as it goes... Zen practice is to open up our small mind.
Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera|Learning to be aware of what you unconsciously know may depend on a line of focused effort and specialized knowledge and even some measure of aptitude, but actually learning it may be effortless, automatic, and require very little of what we normally think of as intelligence.
Anthony T. Hincks|They say that absence makes the heart grow fonder, but absence also dulls the memory and then we tend to forget who we were missing in the first place.
Terri Windling, Welcome to Bordertown|Back in the "leather and lace" eighties, I was the fantasy editor for a publishing company in New York City. It was a great time to be young and footloose on the streets of Manhattan—punk rock and folk music were everywhere; Blondie, the Eurythmics, Cyndi Lauper, and Prince were all strutting their stuff on the newly created MTV; and the eighties' sense of style meant I could wear my scruffy black leather into the office without turning too many heads. The fantasy field was growing by leaps and bounds, and I was right in the middle of it, working with authors I'd worshiped as a teen, and finding new ones to encourage and publish.
Jean Déchanet, Christian Yoga|Christ’s fourth indirect claim was to judge the world. This is perhaps the most fantastic of all his statements. Several of his parables imply that he will come back at the end of the world, and that the final day of reckoning will be postponed until his return. He will himself arouse the dead, and all the nations will be gathered before him. He will sit on the throne of his glory, and the judgment will be committed to him by the Father. He will then separate men from one another as a shepherd separates his sheep from his goats. Some will be invited to come and inherit the kingdom prepared for them from the foundation of the world. Others will hear the dreadful words, 'Depart from me, you cursed, into the eternal fire prepared for the devil and his angels.' Not only will Jesus be the judge, but the criterion of judgment will be men’s attitude to him as shown in their treatment of his 'brethren' or their response to his word. Those who have acknowledged him before men he will acknowledge before his Father: those who have denied him, he will deny. Indeed, for a man to be excluded from heaven on the last day, it will be enough for Jesus to say, "I never knew you.
François Fénelon|Children are very nice observers, and they will often perceive our slightest defects. It general those who govern children forgive nothing in them, but everything in themselves.
Jeffrey R. Holland|The sound of you, it offends me. Abomination, I command you to be silent.
Erving Goffman|There is but one rule of conduct for a man: to do the right thing. The cost may be dear in money, in friends, in influence, in labor, in a prolonged and painful sacrifice; but the cost not to do right is far more far more dear: you pay in the integrity of your manhood, in honor, in truth, in character. You forfeit your soul's content and for a timely gain, you barter the infinities.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Set goals,pursue them,achieve them,and then surpass them.
Akshay Vasu|I am sitting here, staring at the dark sky and drunk with memories. laughing like a maniac while crying an ocean. Somewhere it feels like somebody is kissing my lips passionately. While they are continuously pushing a knife, deep into my chest.
Judith McNaught, A Kingdom of Dreams|My father hired you to protect me," Ahmed said, "not to go off chasing men." Grandma leaned forward, keeping her eye on the Taurus. "We think this guy killed Fred." "Who's Fred?" "My uncle," I told him. "He's married to Mabel." "Ah so you're avenging a murder in the family. This is a good thing.
Lois Wyse|A good friend is a connection to life - a tie to the past, a road to the future, the key to sanity in a totally insane world.
Damien Chazelle|We need time to defuse, to contemplate. Just as in sleep our brains relax and give us dreams, so at some time in the day we need to disconnect, reconnect, and look around us.
Robert Rodriguez|I got started in 1995, working in a group called The Cash Money Click.
Linda Bender, Animal Wisdom: Learning from the Spiritual Lives of Animals|It is commonplace, and true, to point out that animals are happier than people because they live entirely in the present.
Charles Baudelaire|Always be a poet, even in prose.
Dorothy L. Sayers, Are Women Human? Astute and Witty Essays on the Role of Women in Society|We tend to disempower ourselves. We tend to believe that we don’t matter. And in the act of taking that idea to ourselves we give everything away to somebody else, to something else.
Nadia Hashimi, When the Moon is Low|We were pressed against each other, a husband and wife bound together not by marriage, but by the harmony of our hearts. Death could not undo us, I'd learned. My hamsar was with me still. He would watch over us, my beloved husband, as we made our way into tomorrow.
Matshona Dhliwayo|It is not your enemies that you need to conquer on the journey to greatness, but yourself.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann|there is a big difference between a boy and a man, the level of maturity will tell.
A.A. Milne, Winnie-the-Pooh|I don’t feel very much like Pooh today," said Pooh."There there," said Piglet. "I’ll bring you tea and honey until you do.
Major Taylor|A person who has sympathy for mankind in the lump, faith in its future progress, and desire to serve the great cause of this progress, should be called not a humanist, but a humanitarian, and his creed may be designated as humanitarianism.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|Diogenes carried a bowl with him for years, but one day saw a man drinking from his cupped palm and declared, ‘I have been a fool, burdened all these years by the weight of a bowl when a perfectly good vessel lay at the end of my wrist.
Holly Martin, Snowflakes on Silver Cove|Some beauty is fleeting, some lasts a lifetime.
Elisabeth Elliot, Shadow of the Almighty: The Life and Testament of Jim Elliot|Our life consists not in the pursuit of material success but in the quest for worthy spiritual growth. Our entire earthly existence is but a transitional stage in the movement toward something higher, and we must not stumble and fall, nor must we linger fruitlessly on one rung of the ladder. Material laws alone do not explain our life or give it direction. The laws of physics and physiology will never reveal the indisputable manner in which the Creator constantly, day in and day out, participates in the life of each of us, unfailingly granting us the energy of existence; when this assistance leaves us, we die. And in the life of our entire planet, the Divine Spirit surely moves with no less force: this we must grasp in our dark and terrible hour.
Laurie Halse Anderson, The Impossible Knife of Memory|She represents something about the corporate world that repel me, some deep coldness masked as relentless cheerfulness.
Maggie Gyllenhaal|Communication is a continual balancing act, juggling the conflicting needs for intimacy and independence. To survive in the world, we have to act in concert with others, but to survive as ourselves, rather than simply as cogs in a wheel, we have to act alone.
Alan Aldridge|Fundamentalism's strident denunciation of its opponents is a sign of its weakness, its dogmatic authoritarianism is a pathological mutation of faith.
Robert Fulghum, What On Earth Have I Done?: Stories, Observations, and Affirmations|The more hideous the mental contortions, the greater the delight and bravos of the mass.
Tennessee Williams, Suddenly Last Summer|Somebody said once or wrote, once: 'We're all of us children in a vast kindergarten trying to spell God's name with the wrong alphabet blocks!
Anonymous|The one thing you don't do is screw with me, or I'll make your life a living hell; and trust me I'll make sure you burn!
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Opal|A few seconds after he stepped out into the hallway and closed the door behind him, there was a fleshly smack and then Andrew yelling, “Ouch. What in the hell was that for?” “Your timing sucks on an epic level,” Daemon shot back.
Lorrie Moore, Like Life|Many of the bravest never are known, and get no praise. [But]that does not lessen their beauty...
Arundhati Roy, The Ministry of Utmost Happiness|Neither the cat nor I missed you while you were gone. It's worse than that. We danced the visitor-gone dance, flinging our feet (and paws) with particular glee. You remember the dance - the one you do after shutting the door behind a difficult visitor (like a family member)? You hold your breath for 120 seconds then deadbolt the door, race to the bed, leap on to it and jump, twirl, bell-kick and prance, singing all the while, "she's go-onnne, she's gooo-oonne.
Chuck Palahniuk, Damned|Banality is like boredom: bored people are boring people, people who think that things are banal are themselves banal.Interesting people can find something interesting in all things.
Nema Al-Araby|Write when you least feel like it,Because that's when you write best.
Alan Jacobs, Original Sin: A Cultural History|Peter Brown, that great historian of early Christianity, has given the most cogent explanation for the arising of the cult of the saints in the late Roman world. He explains that the emphasis of early Christian preaching on judgment, on the human need for redemption from sin, brought to the minds of common people — among whom Christianity was early successful — their social and political condition. Having strictly limited powers to remedy any injustice they might suffer, or to clear themselves of any charges of wrongdoing, they turned, when they could, to their social betters in hope of aid. If a local patrician could befriend them — could be, at least for a time, their patron — then they had a chance, at least, of receiving justice or at least escaping punishment. “It is this hope of amnesty,” Brown writes, “that pushed the saint to the foreground as patronus. For patronage and friendship derived their appeal from a proven ability to render malleable seemingly inexorable processes, and to bridge with the warm breath of personal acquaintance the great distances of the late-Roman social world. In a world so sternly organized around sin and justice, patrocimium [patronage] and amicitia [friendship] provided a much-needed language of amnesty.”As this cult became more and more deeply entrenched in the Christian life, it made sense for there to be, not just feast days for individual saints, but a day on which everyone’s indebtedness to the whole company of saints — gathered around the throne of God, pleading on our behalf — could be properly acknowledged. After all, we do not know who all the saints are: no doubt men and women of great holiness escaped the notice of their peers, but are known to God. They deserve our thanks, even if we cannot thank them by name. So the logic went: and a general celebration of the saints seems to have begun as early as the fourth century, though it would only be four hundred years later that Pope Gregory III would designate the first day of November as the Feast of All Saints.
Honoré de Balzac, Béatrix|Вера в себя способна творить такие же чудеса, как вера в Господа Бога.
Lang Leav|Stardust If you came to me with a face I have not seen, with a voice I have never heard, I would still know you. Even if centuries separated us, I would still feel you. Somewhere between the sand and the stardust, through every collapse and creation, there is a pulse that echoes of you and I. When we leave this world, we give up all our possessions and our memories. Love is the only thing we take with us. It is all we carry from one life to the next.
Michael R. Fletcher, Beyond Redemption|Her capacity for love overshadows the stars, lightening crackles malevolently in the wake of her wrath and for all the tangled mess woman brings to man, in her glory, she is the divine Goddess.
JT Sanz|You always had the power, my dear. You just had to learn it for yourself. Glinda the Good Witch
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|Could trying your hardest, but never being quite good enough ever be acceptable to anyone? Is that what your dreams are made of?
|Any belief that doesn't add any positive value to your present or future, absolutely doesn't belong in your mind.
Warren Buffett|In business, the idea of measuring what you are doing, picking the measurements that count like customer satisfaction and performance... you thrive on that.
Latika Teotia|O God, I’m grateful for this gift of another beautiful day. I pray that just as You give us a new gift of life every day, may we too value it as much. May Thy love and light always show us the right path. May we always be compassionate and kind to others. May we never ignore someone in need. Bless us O God so that we become the instruments of Thy wishes.
Reni Eddo-Lodge, Why I'm No Longer Talking to White People about Race|It's clear that equality doesn't quite cut it. Asking for a sliver of disproportionate power is too polite a request. I don't want to be included. Instead, I want to question who created the standard in the first place.
Heather Hart, 21 Teen Devotionals...For Girls!|It doesn’t matter who we are or where we’ve been, God sent His Son for us – that’s the beauty of the Gospel.
David Lovelace, Scattershot: My Bipolar Family|I've been accustomed to mysteries, holy and otherwise, since I was a child. Some of us care for orphans, amass fortunes, raise protests or Nielsen ratings; some of us take communion or whiskey or poison. Some of us take lithium and antidepressants, and most everyone believes these pills are fundamentally wrong, a crutch, a sign of moral weakness, the surrender of art and individuality. Bullshit. Such thinking guarantees tradgedy for the bipolar. Without medicine, 20 percent of us, one in five, will commit suicide. Six-gun Russian roulette gives better odds. Denouncing these medicines makes as much sense as denouncing the immorality of motor oil. Without them, sooner or later the bipolar brain will go bang. I know plenty of potheads who sermonize against the pharmaceutical companies; I know plenty of born-again yoga instructors, plenty of missionaries who tell me I'm wrong about lithium. They don't have a clue.
Jenny Holzer|I knelt down and hugged the furry monster for a while. If it was too tight, Ghost didn't seem to mind. He wagged his tail and whined a little, sensing the hurt that I felt. Dogs are truly the best of companions. You don't need to explain. They know as much as they need to know, and they are loyal no matter what sins you've committed.
Penn Jillette|Your mission statement says Galer Street is based on global "connectitude." (You people don't just think outside the box, you think outside the dictionary!)
Sturgill Simpson|If you think about a lifestyle short of retirement that lends itself to being a hardcore gamer, there is none better than being a major league starting pitcher. I work once every five days and travel and am alone all the time. So while the other guys were spending their money on the all the cars and jewelry, I bought laptops.
Temple Grandin|I grew up on the East Coast, and we always used to say, 'Go get your hustle on,' whether it was playing sports or making money. You do what you have to do to do what you want to do.
Kristen Ashley, The Gamble|When we faced Mom, we saw she was addressing Max. "We get to know each other I'll get to hug you." "Mom!" I snapped and Mom turned to me. "I get to do it when he doesn't have a shirt on too. I'm calling it now," Mom declared.
Barack Obama|In the kingdom of consumption the citizen is king. A democratic monarchy: equality before consumption, fraternity in consumption, and freedom through consumption.
James Joyce, Finnegans Wake|Never back a woman you defend, never get quit of a friend on whom you depend, never make face to a foe till he’s rife and never get stuck to another man’s pfife.
James Rollins, Bloodline|The accumulation of grief over one lifetime is more then one heart can bear."Robert explained."Only the heartless could withstand more.Or the very young,those too naive to truly understand loss.
Nick Hornby, A Long Way Down|A middle-aged woman who looked like someone's cleaning lady, a shrieking adolescent lunatic and a talkshow host with an orange face... It didn't add up. Suicide wasn't invented for people like this. It was invented for people like Virginia Woolf and Nick Drake. And Me. Suicide was supposed to be cool.
Leonie Swann, Three Bags Full|...his voice was like the cracking of ice on a winter lake, and the words were mocking
Mie Hansson, Where Pain Thrives|I wore you on me at all timesLike I now carry my pen.Unlike your own opinion myBelongings must have a function.You bled through the ink of my lines andTo be my subject nursed your thirst.Was it my fault, or your own, that you forgot—I do not deal in tender verse.
Henri J.M. Nouwen, Life of the Beloved: Spiritual Living in a Secular World|What art should do, I think, is advance the generation into the next era. It should be one step ahead of the ordinary, ahead of what is already known. Art is what pulls on the next age. I’m not saying that my art is that, but that it would be good if it could be.
Quavo|A lot of things have been thrown at me in life, and I've got through it all without a rule book, taking it one day at a time.
Natalie Palmer, Second Kiss|Cancer. The word meant the same to me as tsunami or piranha. I had never seen them; I wasn't even quite sure what they were, but I knew they were bad and I knew in many cases they were deadly.
Ruth Herschberger, Adams rib|In the symphony of love, the lost chord is a small organ lying somewhat north of the vagina.
Elbert Hubbard|God has blessed me with an amazing family, friends and work colleagues that have been my joy, my support, and my sanity. I don't know what I'd do without them.
Brian D. McLaren, The Great Spiritual Migration: How the World's Largest Religion Is Seeking a Better Way to Be Christian|Oppression theology and supremacist spirituality developed in the belief ecosystem of an angry God who needed appeasement in order to dispense grace, who favored some and disfavored others, and who welcomed the favored into religious institutions that accumulated and hoarded privilege and protected the status quo.
Wang Shi|As an assistant in the polytechnic department, I was able to finance new studies and got my Physics Masters Degree in 1958 and my Ph.D. in 1959.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|Maybe I was supposed to hate Caroline Mathers or something because she’d been with Augustus, but I didn’t. I couldn’t see her very clearly amid all the tributes, but there didn’t seem to be much to hate. She seemed to be mostly a professional sick person, like me, which made me worry that when I died they’d have nothing to say about me except that I fought heroically, as if the only thing I’d ever done was Have Cancer.
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|You won't ever know, unless you try!
S. Tarr, Love, Adventure and Other Noble Quests|Also, Willie, I dig telling the truth. Words can be twisted but a photo never lies.Sutton laughs.What’s funny? Photographer says.Nothing. Except—that’s pure horseshit kid. I can’t think of anything that lies more than a photo. In fact every photo is a dirty stinking lie because it’s a frozen moment—and time can’t be frozen. Some of the biggest lies I’ve ever run across have been photos. Some of them were of me.
Matthew Vines, God and the Gay Christian: The Biblical Case in Support of Same-Sex Relationships|For the record, I do have genitals; and they are functional and aesthetically pleasing.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Without even realizing it, we magnetize people, opportunities, and outcomes. Many people continue to attract dysfunctional folks who bring trauma, drama, crisis, and negativity and then wonder why they are so miserable. Be cognizant of how you’re being because it is most certainly attracting what you’re receiving.
Terry Pratchett, Hogfather|Sierra, it's Christmastime. Put a stupid mistletoe over his head and kiss him already!
Mother Teresa|In the final analysis it is between you and God, it was never between you and them anyway.
H.E. Davey, Japanese Yoga: The Way of Dynamic Meditation|All creations are one with the universe. Look at the world around you. Can you effectively separate yourself from everything else? After seriously pondering this, most of us rapidly conclude that we cannot. To even make the statement that I exist as a unique entity requires comparison with something else. (If you exist as a distinct being, your distinctiveness is in comparison to other creations. No other creations, no individual you.)
Alain de Botton, Religion for Atheists: A Non-Believer's Guide to the Uses of Religion|In a secularising world, art has replaced religion as a touchstone of our reverence and devotion.
nick catricala|No matter how smart YOU THINK you are or how smart others THINK that you are, you're never going to be somewhere OR someone you're not. _nickc
Jack Campbell, The Dragons of Dorcastle|I heard Dominic practice Bronagh’s breathing tactics, and I wondered if I’d be taking care of him in the delivery ward as well as her.“I feel like I’m about to pass out.”Yep, I’m definitely going to be looking after him.“Keep breathing, you’ll be fine,” I assured him. “Where’s me sister?”“Why’re you telling Dominic to breathe?’Ryder murmured.“He’s freakin’ out,” I whispered in response making him snicker.
Chuck Palahniuk, Invisible Monsters|Try to notice-in all your thoughts, sensations, and direct encounters-the objects and 'outside-standers' that make appearance meaningful. For each object encountered or referred to, note it and embrace it in its immediate givenness as being part of 'you'. You can do this both by saying to yourself, "That too is 'I'," and by extending your sense of located awareness to embrace the apparently separate and distant object.This exercise helps to counteract the tendency to polarize experience, which creates a self that is cut off from the rest of reality. It might at first seem to set up a monomaniacal selfishness, but actually, if practiced carefully, it will undermine the idea of a solid and continuous 'self'. The exercise might also seem to cultivate confusion between things themselves and thoughts about these things and about the world. But this is not the case. By initially forcing the subject and object together in this way, we can soon progress to the perception of a 'time' which naturally gives the subject and object as together. This process also shows the felt difference between the thought about a thing and the 'thing itself'-between the reference and its referent-in a new light. We can progress from an artificial intimacy to an uncontrived one, and further, to an intimacy which simply is and which involves neither a self nor an object. This intimacy does not reach out to things elsewhere, nor does it assimilate them all in an ordinary location 'here'.
|Contrary to your negative thoughts and beliefs, you already have everything that it takes to be a winner in all your endeavors. So try not to let your fears and doubts force you to settle for something less.
Maria Shriver, Ten Things I Wish I'd Known Before I Went Out Into the Real World|Forgive, forget, learn the lesson and move forward…!
Joshua Caleb|Mind my words, Cheshire, I will have you banished from this kingdom if you tempt me.""An empty threat from an empty girl."She rounded on him, teeth flashing. "I am not empty. I am full to the brim with murder and revenge. I am overflowing and I do not think you wish for me to overflow on to you.""There was a time" – Cheshire yawned – "when you overflowed with whimsy and icing sugar. I liked that Catherine better.
Yuval Noah Harari, קיצור תולדות האנושות|The desire to “do more in less time” is not a neutral force in our culture; it is the handmaiden of miserable experts, specialists, and leaders. Not everyone has rushed to become efficient. Something else exists on the periphery: an inefficient utopia, a culture of consensus, collectives, and do-it-yourself ethics. A place where time is not bought, sold, or leased and no clock is the final arbiter of our worth. For many people in North America, the problem is not just poverty but lack of time to do the things that are actually meaningful. This is not a symptom of personal failures but the consequence of a time-obsessed society. Today, desire for efficiency springs from the scarcity model, which is the foundation of capitalism. Time is seen as a limited resource when we get caught up in meaningless jobs, mass-produced entertainment, and – the common complaint of activists – tedious meanings.
Saharil Hasrin Sanin, Dentang|Mungkin kerana manusia terlalu lemah untuk menghadapi realiti, maka kita bergantung kepada harapan.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|Evil can never hide itself for too long, Shane. Its ego is too big not to be heard or seen for so long
Amunhotep El Bey|Even when poetry has a meaning, as it usually has, it may be inadvisable to draw it out. Perfect understanding will sometimes almost extinguish pleasure.
Alan King|In theory, cars are fairly simple. If they don't start, it's either the fuel system or the electrical system. Teach yourself about the path of each in your engine and tracing it is fairly straightforward. But at the beginning, mastering each new system seems like an unreachable shore. The car is effectively a black box.
Marguerite Labbe, Ghosts in the Wind|Which is your bad shoulder?"His brows knit together. "The left," he said carefully.She slugged him in the right.He staggered. Steadied himself. Grinned. "Is that like some weird Wyoming mating ritual thing I should know about?""Damn you," she cried, flying into his arms. Finally. "Damn you, damn you, damn you!"He wrapped his arms around her, held her tight. "I'm sorry. I'm sorry I was such a coward.
Nael Gharzeddine|Expectations ruin the pleasures of life. To overcome every bad and appreciate every good, consider every day your last and take no one for granted.
Mikhail Lermontov, A Hero of Our Time|Hominids are all the Neanderthals, australopithecines, Homohabili, Homo erecti, etc., the upright-walking apes of which we arethe only surviving species.
Jan Neruda, Prague Tales|The face of the dead man was concealed, of course, our customs not being those of the south, where corpses are carried to the grave in open coffins, that they might – one last time before slipping into the pit – be warmed by the light of the sun.
Amy  Stewart, From the Ground Up: The Story of a First Garden|I may have mentioned patience wasn't one of my virtues. Actually, I didn't have many virtues but patience definitely wasn't one of them.
Samuel Pepys|I am a joyful conservative, unafraid to articulate big ideas with an optimistic smile.
Israelmore Ayivor|Your dreams are like the cement. If you water it with actions, it becomes a hard concrete mass. But if you leave it exposed and unwatered, the air will easily blow it away!
1 Minuto na Palma da Mão|One of the most important words for interacting is MISTAKE. Because is a reaction of TRY, proposes LEARNING, the meaning stirs with as PEOPLE. Do not give up on your dreams for fear of making mistakes!
Susan Del Gatto|It's our choices that matter in the end. Not wishes, not words, not promises.
Hugh MacLeod, Ignore Everybody: and 39 Other Keys to Creativity|Everyone is born creative; everyone is given a box of crayons in kindergarten. Then when you hit puberty they take the crayons away and replace them with dry, uninspiring books on algebra, history, etc. Being suddenly hit years later with the 'creative bug' is just a wee voice telling you, 'I'd like my crayons back, please.
Alanah Skye|Are you going to spank me, daddy? I'm a very bad girl! (bending over naked)"Oh yeah daddy - spank my ass harder!!!
Melanie  Bennett, Only For Makayla|Oh Lass, I’m not going full out R rated for Alex, trust me,” he emphasized and rolled his eyes. “No, no. I’m doing this for you, so you feel luscious, and if it should jolt Raf out of his comfort zone, bonus!
Beau Sides, Unseen Tears: The Challenges of Orphans and Orphanages in China|Talent is nice to have, perseverance is even better.
Ben Okri, The Age of Magic|He thought about how the camera makes one fall in love with an image of oneself, and perpetuates a false reality.
Elizabeth Haydon, The Floating Island|So now you know that, as dark as the depths of the sea may be, as dark as the night gets without a moon, it is not really true darkness. It's just waiting for light to return. There are places that are truly dark in this world, Ven, but this place here, this open stretch of sea where you are floating, is not one of them. It's not really dark here - it's just night. If you hang on and stay awake, in a short while the edges of the sky will start to turn gray, then pink, and the sun will rise, and there will be blue above and all around you again.
Matshona Dhliwayo|To be happy: the simple pursue pleasure, the common pursue riches, the uncommon pursue knowledge, and the exceptional pursue wisdom.
Boris Pasternak|Literature is the art of discovering something extraordinary about ordinary people, and saying with ordinary words something extraordinary.
Wouter Van Gastel|When a loved one is sick, the days are long, but the years are short.
John  Mole, It's All Greek to Me!: A Tale of a Mad Dog and an Englishman, Ruins, Retsina--and Real Greeks|Whisper it softly, but many Greeks, including clergy, welcomed the Ottomans. On the whole Muslim rulers have been much more tolerant of infidels than their Christian counterparts have. As long as their subjects paid taxes and provided recruits to the harems and armies of the Sultan, they could have whatever religion they liked. Only when they joined religion with revolt did scimitars and stakes come out. Orthodox Christianity was under far greater threat from the Roman variety imposed by Venetians and Franks and Catalans. Jews too were safer from pogrom under the crescent than the cross. This is not a line of thought that goes down well in Greek company.
|It is almost impossible to be consistent with your goal, if your subconscious mind is constantly fed with negative perceptions of its road.
Ellen Key|At its worst, Washington is a place where name-calling partisan politics too often trumps policy.
Dada Bhagwan|The world is not worthless but one should know how to get work done from it, because everyone is God, they all have different work to do. Therefore do not have dislike for anything in this world.
Charlotte Kasl, If the Buddha Dated: A Handbook for Finding Love on a Spiritual Path|Vulnerability brings honesty. We become most honest with ourselves when we are faced with real fear around a situation or an outcome. Yet many still stay in their comfort zone, listening to their own excuses and lies.
NoViolet Bulawayo, We Need New Names|Running and chanting, the word change in the air like it's something you can grab and put in your mouth and sink your teeth into.
Fakeer Ishavardas|That you exist, is offense enough to arrest you.
Alfred Adler|Life is the game that must be played, this truth at least, good friends, we know; so live and laugh, nor be dismayed as one by one the phantoms go.
Sunday Adelaja|Our subconscious mind stores all our negative beliefs, complexes and behavioral patterns
Andrew Cohen, Evolutionary Enlightenment: A New Path to Spiritual Awakening|The contemplation of consciousness—which is the contemplation of no-thing whatsoever—is endlessly fascinating. It’s like staring at a candle in a dark night—you find yourself mesmerized by something that is unchanging yet infinitely compelling. You feel drawn into something you don’t understand rationally but that your heart or soul grasps completely. You are drawn into it, and as you are drawn into it, the only thing you experience as real is the eternal or timeless nature of Being itself. You find yourself in a state of rapture, because the deepest part of yourself has been released from your ego’s endless fears and concerns, and drawn out of the time process altogether.
James Thurber, The 13 Clocks|I make mistakes, but I am on the side of Good," the Golux said, "by accident and happenchance. I had high hopes of being Evil when I was two, but in my youth I came upon a firefly burning in a spider's web. I saved the victim's life.""The firefly's ?" said the minstrel."The spider's. The blinking arsonist had set the web on fire.
Hermann Hesse, Steppenwolf|In eternity there is no time, only an instant long enough for a joke.
Debasish Mridha|Innovation gives life to imagination by providing that it is true, real, and useful.
Ramana Maharshi|Never despair, but if you do, work on in despair.
Lyndsay Faye, Seven for a Secret|The beauty of New York rests on a completely different base. It's unintentional. It arose independent of human design, like a stalagmitic cavern. Forms which are in themselves quite ugly turn up fortuitously, without design, in such incredible surroundings that they sparkle with a sudden wondrous poetry.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King|I stand in Minas Anor, the Tower of the Sun; and behold! the Shadow has departed! I will be a Shieldmaiden no longer, nor vie with the great Riders, nor take joy only in the songs of slaying. I will be a healer, and love all things that grow and are not barren.
Dada Vaswani|Where there's marriage without love, there will be love without marriage.
عبير المعداوي|A commune of library employees in Moscow created an "extreme" commune in which all clothing - including undergarments - was collectivized. According to Mehnert, if a communard preferred to wear his or her own underclothes "it would be characterized as a backslide into darkest capitalism; as prejudice originating in a petit-bourgeois ideology".
Philippe Claudel, Brodeck|It's always been difficult for me to speak and express my innermost thoughts. I prefer to write. When I sit down and write, words grow very docile, they come and feed out of my hand like little birds, and I can do almost what I want with them; whereas when I try to marshal them in open air, they fly away from me.
Robert G. DeMers, The Iceman|If you don't like the path your life has taken, choose another.
Bhavik Sarkhedi|Our whole life passes asking only one question to ourselves, “I did the same or more hard work than the one standing on top of my field. Why wasn’t I chosen for it?
Jenna Marbles|I think fear is what keeps us from going over the edge. I mean, as a race car driver, I don't think what makes a good race car driver is a fearless person. I think it's somebody that is comfortable being behind the wheel of something that's somewhat out of control.
Evan Spiegel|Taking dishes straight off the restaurant's menu and putting them into a cookbook doesn't work, because as a chef you have your own vision of what your food is, but you can't always explain it. Or you can't pick recipes that best illustrate who and where you are and what you're doing. And if the recipes don't work, you don't have a book.
Marcus Aurelius|You have the power to strip away many superfluous troubles located wholly in your judgement, and to possess a large room for yourself embracing in thought the whole cosmos, to consider everlasting time, to think of the rapid change in the parts of each thing, of how short it is from birth until dissolution, and how the void before birth and that after dissolution are equally infinite.
Mark Zuckerberg|If you just work on stuff that you like and you’re passionate about, you don’t have to have a master plan with how things will play out.
Gautam Gambhir|It is good to forget one's anger against one's wrongdoer, whoever he may be, for countless number of evils will quickly grow from this anger.
Kate Morton, The House at Riverton|...home is a magnet that lures back even its most abstracted children. But whether tomorrow or years from now, I cannot guess.
Neal Stephenson, Cryptonomicon|Because we were the good guys. We were in the right. The universe looks out for people who act with honor in furtherance of an honorable cause. It must, or we never would have gotten this far as a species.”“We won—this little conflict and a thousand like it—because we were destined to win. The universe will allow no other outcome.
Matt Baldwin, Snow rising|New knowledge enhances an ever increasing sense of our own ignorance. The more we know, the more we know we don't know. Feynman called it 'the expanding frontier of ignorance'.
Imania Margria|I love being high. High on Life, High on Love, High on Hope, and High on Faith.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Don’t give up on yourself, your family and your nation.
Susane Colasanti, When It Happens|Do you want to be with Dave for the rest of your life?” Then he rips off a piece of paper and picks upthe smallest charcoal stick from my set. He writes something. He passes it over to me.It says:Time will tell.“And while you’re waiting,” he says, “don’t settle for anything less than what you really want.
Roy T. Bennett|Make peace with yourself before you move forward. Accept yourself, love yourself, and keep moving forward.
Brian Tracy|Don't fight the problem, decide it.
Helene Hanff, The Duchess of Bloomsbury Street|I tell you, life is extraordinary. A few years ago I couldn’t write anything or sell anything, I’d passed the age where you know all the returns are in, I’d had my chance and done my best and failed. And how was I to know the miracle waiting to happen round the corner in late middle age? 84, Charing Cross Road was no best seller, you understand; it didn’t make me rich or famous. It just got me hundreds of letters and phone calls from people I never knew existed; it got me wonderful reviews; it restored a self-confidence and self-esteem I’d lost somewhere along the way, God knows how many years ago. It brought me to England. It changed my life.
Aysha Taryam|The Women’s March had restored my faith as I am sure it has introduced the young generation to the new wave of feminism. A feminist movement that was made up of both sexes and all ages and creeds, one that did away with the arguments and stood arm in arm for a greater cause, a cause which the Arab media did not wish to project.
Francine Pascal, A Night to Remember|Really, weren't these facts just placeholders until the long view could really assert itself?
Robert Jordan|I'd run. But maybe you can't run. Think of that, too.' His yellow eyes seemed to look inward, and he sounded tired. 'Sometimes you can't run.
Max Lerner|The crime of book purging is that it involves a rejection of the word. For the word is never absolute truth, but only man’s frail and human effort to approach the truth. To reject the word is to reject the human search.
David Gemmell, Sword in the Storm|It is hard to be angry when one has seen the sun rise,' she said.It seems to be true,' he admitted. 'I wonder why.'Because it makes one feel so small and insignificant. It has been rising forever and will rise forever no matter what we do or do not do. All our problems are as nothing to the sun.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Self-esteem is the garden in which passion bears success flowers. Most people can’t stand out to stand for what supposed to belong to them just because; they feel it can’t be theirs, so it’s not theirs.
Leza Lowitz, Up From the Sea|If you weren't scared,you wouldn't be human,you wouldn't be brave.""What do you mean?" I ask."If you were fearless,you wouldn'tneed to overcome it.Bravery means being scaredand going forwardanyway," Fia says."That's courage.
Warren Ellis|To be a futurist, in pursuit of improving reality, is not to have your face continually turned upstream, waiting for the future to come. To improve reality is to clearly see where you are, and then wonder how to make that better.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Beauty surrounds us, but oftentimes it takes a person with a poetic perception, an artist’s way of looking at the world, to first notice the sublime, and then stagecraft the splendor of nature so that other people can perceive their synoptic vision. The spirit and aesthetic intention behind the work is what assigns the work its artistic quality. Great works of poetry and writing, for instance, express not simply a criticism of life, but also encompass a philosophy for living.
David Brin|Psychology’s service to U.S. national security has produced a variant of what the psychiatrist Robert Lifton has called, in his study of Nazi doctors, a “Faustian bargain.” In this case, the price paid has been the American Psychological Association’s collective silence, ethical “numbing,” and, over time, historical amnesia. 3 Indeed, Lifton emphasizes that “the Nazis were not the only ones to involve doctors in evil”; in defense of this argument, he cites the Cold War “role of …American physicians and psychologists employed by the Central Intelligence Agency…for unethical medical and psychological experiments involving drugs and mind manipulation.” 4
Maggie Stiefvater, The Dream Thieves|Derisively, Ronan said, 'No. The ancient Greeks didn't have a word for Blue.'Everyone at the table looked at him.'What the hell, Ronan?' said Adam.'It's hard to imagine," Gansey mused, 'how this evidently successful classical education never seems to make it into your school papers.''They never ask the right questions,' Ronan replied.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Use and Misuse of Children|Millions of business people are each constantly forced to choose between their desire to not be a bad person and their desire to be a good business person, that is to say, to make as much money as they possibly can by maximizing their revenue while minimizing the cost of producing whatever it is that they sell.
Jeanne McDonald, The Truth in Lies|If you were ready to sleep with me we wouldn't be in this bar, but in my room not wasting any more time.
Gretchen Rubin|When you give as a family, not only are you sharing the happiness that giving brings you by watching it translate into positive change, but you are also transmitting your giving values to your children by engaging them in the giving process itself.
Erich von Stroheim|My guitar was loud as hell, and I had no sympathy for anybody else.
Yasmina Khadra|Who dreams so much, forgets to live
Nawal El-Saadawi, Woman at Point Zero|How is it possible to live? Life is so hard?’‘You must be harder than life, Firdaus. Life is very hard. The only people who really live are those who are harder than life itself.’‘But you are not hard, Sharifa, so how do you manage to live?’‘I am hard, terribly hard, Firdaus.’‘No, you are gentle and soft.’‘My skin is soft, but my heart is cruel, and my bite deadly.’‘Like a snake?’‘Yes, exactly like a snake. Life is a snake. They are the same, Firdaus. If the snake realises you are not a snake, it will bite you. And if life knows you have no sting, it will devour you.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|Anxiety, and the physical symptoms it causes, is merely fog along the path of independence and discovery.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Very well, young man, very well," Treville went on, "I know those airs. I came to Paris with four ecus in my pocket, and I'd have fought with anybody who told me I was in no condition to buy the Louvre.
Carlos Wallace|Military service is not just a vocation. It is a way of life, an attitude that you carry in your heart even after you are discharged.
Raouf Ayoub|Loneliness had made the Queen bitter, bitterness had made her selfish, and selfishness had made her suspicious. --The Changeling
John Steinbeck, East of Eden|Humans are caught -- in their lives, in their thoughts, in their hungers and ambitions, in their avarice and cruelty, and in their kindness and generosity too -- in a net of good and evil. I think this is the only story we have and that it occurs on all levels of feeling and intelligence. Virtue and vice were warp and woof of our first consciousness, and they will be the fabric of our last, and this despite any chances we may impose of field and river and mountain, on economy and manners. There is no other story. A man, after he has brushed off the dust and chips of his life, will have left only the hard, clean questions: Was it good or was it evil? Have I don well -- or ill?
Lenon Honor|People missed things. People didn’t notice; people didn’t care. People’s own misperceptions made black into white, made grey into whatever they wanted it to be.
John le Carré, Absolute Friends|Children played guessing games, telling each other whether the gun fired was and AK-47, a G3, an RPG, or a machine gun.
Daniel H. Pink|In the Imperialist Era, the foreign loan played an outstanding part as a means for young capitalist countries to acquire independence.
Emily Dickinson|Much Madness is Divinest Sense, to a Discerning Eye....
Rosamund Pike|Outside of a dog, a book is a man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|In the best, the friendliest and simplest relations flattery or praise is necessary, just as grease is necessary to keep wheels turning. 
Lidia Yuknavitch, The Small Backs of Children|A common feature of many theories of trauma is the idea that the causative—the wounding—event is not remembered but relived, as it is in the flashbacks of combat veterans, experienced anew with a visceral immediacy that affords no critical distance. To remember something, you have to consign it to the past—put it behind you—but trauma remains in the present; it fills that present entirely. You are inside it. Your mouth is always filled with the taste of blood. The killers are always crashing through the brush behind you. Some researchers believe that trauma bypasses the normal mechanisms of memory and engraves itself directly on some portion of the brain, like a brand. Cattle are branded to signify that they are someone’s property, and so, too, were slaves. The brand of trauma signifies that henceforth you yourself are property, the property of that which has injured you. The psychoanalyst Sándor Ferenczi believed that trauma is characterized by the victim’s helpless identification with the perpetrator, and elsewhere in the literature one often comes across the word “possession.” The moment of trauma marks an event horizon after which memory ceases. Or else memory breaks down, so that the victim can reconstruct the event but not the feeling that accompanied it, or alternatively only the feeling.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|But I want to be near you always," he reminded her."But you'll lose everyone else, and...""I want forever with you." Seth lifted her chin so he was able to look directly into her eyes. "The rest will fall into place if I can be with you.
Joshua Ferris, Then We Came to the End|The funny thing about work itself, it was so bearable. The dreariest task was perfectly bearable. It presented challenges to overcome, the distraction provided by a sense of urgency, and the things made work utterly, even harmoniously bearable.
Steven J. Carroll, The Road to Jericho|Only worse thing than being cold, and too tired to defend yourself, is to be cold and alone. And I wouldn't ever wish that on nobody.
