Robert Ludlum, The Bourne Identity|She's an old soldier's woman, and she has antennae for things that often escape the officer in the field.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The more we accept the holy gospel of Christ Jesus , the more we know God's grace.
Amanda Lance, Endangered Hearts|Tell me a truth, Senna.""I don't know how.""Then tell me a lie.""I don't love you.""The truth is for the mind," he says. "Lies are for the heart. So let's just keep lying.
Deyth Banger|I am not lucky, but I am favoured because luck runs out; but God's favour will abide with me forever.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|Our soul is like a soft and gentle flower, it needs to be nurtured, cared for, tended to, with sufficient sunlight, fresh air and freedom to bloom into its most precious and beautiful form. This, my friend, is self-love.
Lemony Snicket, Shouldn't You Be in School?|We find the library world, like the real world, impossible to understand on a rational basis. We turn then to the outer reaches of our mind and treat librarianship with the irrationality that it deserves. While we most often turn to humour merely to enjoy ourselves, we do sometimes do so to make a point. That point is simply that the world of librarianship is ridiculous and that we should all take a far less serious view of our work. What we accomplish as librarians is not, after all, likely to change the world."~ Norman D. Stevens
Will Ferrell|What Churchill described as the twin marauders of war and tyranny have been almost entirely banished from our continent. Today, hundreds of millions dwell in freedom, from the Baltic to the Adriatic, from the Western Approaches to the Aegean.
Richard Paul Evans, The Road to Grace|Please Julian,” she whispered to him as he slept beside her. “Don’t leave me.
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway To Christmas: Soulfully Inspiring You in the Days Leading Up to Christmas and Beyond!|Today, may you be filled with an immense sense of inner peace, unity, joy & happiness.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Our lives may not have fit together, but ohhh did our souls know how to dance...
Shaye Evans, Seduction Squad|You know, we can still put that suit to use, though.” I glanced toward the truck and Lock’s face lit up as I closed the distance between us. “What happened to needing a shower?” “Showers are overrated,” I whispered, holding his gaze through the visor. “Plus,” I turned my head to look down the hall, “Jay is down there now.” “That’d be right. Let me just hang up my hat.” He was pulling away when I caught his wrist. “Nuh-uh. Keep the helmet. I want to be with my firefighter.
Sue Monk Kidd|'Words and Music' on Radio 3 is always a treat. Actors read passages of poetry and prose interspersed with music, and nobody tells you what it is. Later you can look it up online, but at the time you can't cheat.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Frankenstein|She had not come to the shopping centre to buy shoes; she had come to buy food, and there was a big difference between shopping for food and shopping for shoes, and that difference concentrated on one word: guilt.
Debasish Mridha|If you lose the power to love, you lose the ability to live.
Warren Eyster, The Goblins of Eros|Hong Kong became so materialistic that it must be one of the rarest places in the world where family members need to make an appointment to have dinner together, and people speculate upon their own home where their own children are growing up.
Sung Yee Poon, FREE EASY MIND in Conflicts. Stress.Loss|Verily, there is no dishonor in death at the hands of a far superior enemy.
Marilynne Robinson, Lila|She grinned, a silty grin. 'You were my two dividends, yes? Don't you forget that.'Then she sighed, took a deep breath, and said, 'But what an investment. My life.
Larry Niven, N-Space|Psi and/or magical powers, if real, are nearly useless.
Ronda Rousey|For most of us, when our 'dreams' - I use the word with reservations - came true, and marriage and motherhood became a reality, the romcoms, like horoscopes, swiftly lost their allure.
Kenya Wright, Caged View: A Collection of Urban Fantasy Short Stories|In this cage, behind these bars, I think of you and me.
Robert Lanza|For me, the excitement in architecture revolves around the idea and the phenomenon of the experience of that idea. Residences offer almost immediate gratification. You can shape space, light, and materials to a degree that you sometimes can't in larger projects.
Bill Parcells|The restaurant business is something that you have to treat like a baby. You have to constantly be there. You can't trust it to anybody else, because no one's going to love it like you do.
Robert G. Ingersoll, The Gods and Other Lectures|They're called 'facts', and my role is to amplify those, not cheerlead. And I don't care at all what you think of my motives.
Emilyann Girdner, The Labyrinth Wall|We can’t try to outguess them anymore. Sometimes they do things just to make me do the opposite of what they think I think they think I want to do.”“Huh?” the three of them asked at the same time, confusion transforming their faces.
Thomas Sowell|It's true that humanity has seen a succession of crises, wars and atrocities, but this negative side is offset by advances in technology and cultural exchanges.
Lupita Nyong'o|I think that prog rock is the science fiction of music. Science fiction speculates on what the future might be and look like and how we'll get there, and yet there's always a central theme of humanity, or there should be. Progressive rock has the same concept of exploration into the parts of the music world that hasn't been explored.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|When there is not enough time to do your best, do the best you can with the time you have.
Montice L. Harmon|Motivation is Power, Power is Motivation
Ann Rinaldi, The Letter Writer|There is madness in every single being, is there not?
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Seemingly insignificant choices are like seemingly trivial seeds. Once planted, they root and grow and spread into something tremendous. Imagine the prickly weeds some choices amount to over time and be careful not to plant them.
Kevin Bacon|My style is pretty clean, classic, and elegant, with some elements to make it a little funkier. If you see me on a normal day, I'm usually in a T-shirt and jeans, maybe with some cool sneakers, but I'm pretty basic.
Lorii Myers|As I believe—I am, I can, I know.
Stacey T. Hunt|Look to the past with wisdom, and look to the future with courage.
David Levithan, Two Boys Kissing|I will not compare myself with others, nor them with me. I will appreciate myself and others for what I and they contribute.
Robert Musil, The Man Without Qualities: Vol. 1|For a long time now a hint of aversion had lain on everything he did and experienced, a shadow of impotence and loneliness, an all-encompassing distaste for which he could not find the complementary inclination. He felt at times as though he had been born with a talent for which there was at present no objective.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning|Love me sweet With all thou art Feeling, thinking, seeing; Love me in the Lightest part, Love me in full Being.
Winnie Holzman|If the food of friendship is time together, how do we make the time to ensure we're all fed? My friends and I have recently come across a way to keep each other close. It fits into our lifestyles despite busy schedules and a surfeit of children. We call it the 'kibbutz.'
Frank Miller, Sin City, Vol. 3: The Big Fat Kill|Hello, I'm Shellie's new boyfriend and I'm out of my mind. If you so much as talk to her or even think her name, I'll cut you in ways that'll make you useless to a woman. 
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|While those around you are filling their minds with the bad news about man in their daily papers, steep yourself in the good news about God in His precious Word!
Alexandra Fuller|For me, your real age is not the age on your ID. That's just a date when you were born.
Dory Codington, Fate and Fair Winds|... not within my memory.""All 300 years of it?"That comment earned her a frown."My apologies," she amended lightly. "I supposed I should not tease you about being so old.""Nay, feel free."His slow smile flashed in the moonlight."I would be happy to prove to you that I possess all the prowess and stamina of a man of 30. Mayhap I should demonstrate.
David Pietrusza, 1960--LBJ vs. JFK vs. Nixon: The Epic Campaign That Forged Three Presidencies|Nixon was by nature a excluder. Halderman like to exclude people. When Nixon's need met Halderman's abilities, you had the most perfect formula for disaster. – Jim Shepley
Jill Shalvis, Animal Attraction|I could still box your ears.”“Nonsense,” he scoffed. “You couldn’t reach that high.
Gerard Way|I'm a farmer now, and it's fantastic. My goal is to be totally self-sufficient and grow everything that I eat. There's something about earning your dinner that's cool.
Alexander R. Luria|A man does not consist of memory alone. He has feeling, will, sensibility, and moral being.
Robert Penn Warren, Wilderness: A Tale Of The Civil War|It is hard to remember.”“Remember what?”“All that goes into the making of any one moment we live. There are things one must try to remember. Do you know what is the hardest thing to remember?”“No,” Adam said.“Well, I’ll tell you, my son,” Aaron Blaustein said. “The hardest thing to remember is that other men are men.” He leaned to set his cup down. “But that,” he said, “is the only way you can be a man yourself. Can be anything.
Paulo Coelho, Eleven Minutes|I’ve met a man and fallen in love with him. I allowed myself to fall in love for one simple reason: I’m not expecting anything to come of it. I know that, in three months’ time, I’ll be far away and he’ll be just a memory, but I couldn’t stand living without love any longer; I had reached my limit…	Generally speaking, these meetings occur when we reach a limit, when we need to die and be reborn emotionally. These meeting are waiting for us, but more often than not, we avoid them happening. If we are desperate, though, if we have nothing to lose, or if we are full of enthusiasm for life, then the unknown reveals itself, and our universe changes directions.
Geraldine Brooks, The Secret Chord|I love the quaint saying of a dying man, who exclaimed, "I have no fear of going home; I have sent all before me; God's finger is on the latch of my door, and I am ready for Him to enter.
Dan Jenkins|Michael Phelps is a sporting god among men. It is hard to say if anyone will ever match his accomplishments, but it has been an honor to see him become a legend. He makes me proud of the American sports institution and proud of the sports that get mass attention only every four years.
J.D. Salinger, Franny and Zooey|He said you were the only one who was bitter about S.'s suicide and the only one who really forgave him for it. The rest of us, he said, were outwardly unbitter and inwardly unforgiving. 
Lena "Think Tank Ink" Banks|We were not put on this earth to be ordinary, we were created to be extraordinary.
J Donald Walters|You will find peace not by trying to escape your problems, but by confronting them courageously. You will find peace not in denial, but in victory.
Sean Terrence Best|In any story where solutions to mysteries are found, there should always be at least one mystery which remains unsolved.
dandelionlady96|Sometimes you’re sad, you listen to sad music, you relate to the lyrics, you sulk, and that is alright. Just remember, everything will be fine at the end of the day. Sometimes you’re happy, you write happy positive posts, re-blog cute stuff, you laugh at everything, you feel like celebrating everything, and that’s okay. We have our moments, we’ve all had those days where we feel sad and we have no idea why. You’re entitled to feel what you want to feel at the moment. Don’t let them tell you you have no right to be sad. Don’t let them tell you not to celebrate the small things you have accomplished.
Ruta Sepetys, Salt to the Sea|Mother was anchor. Mother was comfort. Mother was home. A girl who lost her mother was suddenly a tiny boat on an angry ocean. Some boats eventually floated ashore. And some boats, like me, seemed to float farther and farther from land.
Matthew      Lewis, The Monk|Man of an hard heart! Hear me, Proud, Stern, and Cruel! You could have saved me; you could have restored me to happiness and virtue, but would not! You are the destroyer of my Soul; You are my Murderer, and on you fall the curse of my death and my unborn Infant’s! Insolent in your yet-unshaken virtue, you disdained the prayers of a Penitent; But God will show mercy, though you show none. And where is the merit of your boasted virtue? What temptations have you vanquished? Coward! you have fled from it, not opposed seduction. But the day of Trial will arrive! Oh! then when you yield to impetuous passions! when you feel that Man is weak, and born to err; When shuddering you look back upon your crimes, and solicit with terror the mercy of your God, Oh! in that fearful moment think upon me! Think upon your Cruelty! Think upon Agnes, and despair of pardon!
Douglas R. Hofstadter, I Am a Strange Loop|Saying that studying the brain is limited to the study of physical entities would be like saying that literary criticism must focus on paper and bookbinding, ink and its chemistry, page sizes and margin widths, typefaces and paragraph lengths, and so forth.
Fennel Hudson, A Meaningful Life - Fennel's Journal - No. 1|You always use that word "remember",' said Milena. 'You say, "remember, team". You never tell us to think.
Antonia Michaelis|From the beginning, she had sat looking at him fixedly. As he now leaned back in his chair, and bent his deep-set eyes upon her in his turn, perhaps he might have seen one wavering moment in her, when she was impelled to throw herself upon his breast, and give him the pent-up confidences of her heart. But, to see it, he must have overleaped at a bound the artificial barriers he had for many years been erecting, between himself and all those subtle essences of humanity which will elude the utmost cunning of algebra until the last trumpet ever to be sounded shall blow even algebra to wreck. The barriers were too many and too high for such a leap. With his unbending, utilitarian, matter-of-fact face, he hardened her again; and the moment shot away into the plumbless depths of the past, to mingle with all the lost opportunities that are drowned there.
sera break|We are not here to match and homogenize and agree on every point. One size of spirituality does not fit all. We are here to be our divine selves, boldly, passionately, respectfully, to the absolute best of our ability — and this, this is more than enough.
Walt Whitman|Sometimes with one I love, I fill myself with rage, for fear I effuse unreturn'd love; But now I think there is no unreturn'd love—the pay is certain, one way or another; (I loved a certain person ardently, and my love was not return'd; Yet out of that, I have written these songs.) 
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|A program of active reading and writing might be the hardest form of thinking, but it is also the most organized methodology of self-education. Reading exposes the mind to a world of ideas heretofore unimaginable and encourages the novice learner to write. Reading is a form a joint mediation and writing represents the product of several authors’ collective and collaborative minds at work.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Parents never you make church and studying the word of God optional for your children. If they are in your house, get them up, teach them the word of God, the greatest awards, PhD or achievements any child could have is to grow up in the word of God. I and my family are living witness and it is extending to our third generation.
Curtis Jackson|I have a very broad demographic, from the 8-year-old who knows every word to 'Ice Ice Baby' and the college kid who grew up on 'Ninja Rap' to the soccer mom and grandparent.
Richard Kadrey, Kill the Dead|If Jesus was a bartender, He would still only be half as cool as Carlos.
Kelley Armstrong, Spell Bound|‎"If you want that kind of thing, call Nick. His advice is shit, but he really likes to give it.
Jayda Skidmore|When you feel great delight in someone, meeting their needs and getting their gratitude and affection in return is extremely rewarding to your ego. At those times you may be acting more out of the desire to get that love and satisfaction yourself, rather than out of a desire to seek the good of the other person. Kierkegaard observed, you may not be loving that person so much as loving yourself. 
Sunday Adelaja|Every gift, talent and every calling that you have from God has been given to you because somebody needs it
Franz Kafka|I write differently from what I speak, I speak differently from what I think, I think differently from the way I ought to think, and so it all proceeds into deepest darkness.
Brenda Sutton Rose|Feb. 1, 1965Storm late at night, heavy rain, a thunderous racket, the windows shaking. I heard my name called. A woman’s voice in hell pleading with me to join her.
David Foster Wallace, Infinite Jest|Caring was a thing with claws. It sank them in, and didn’t let go. Caring hurt more than a knife to the leg, more than a few broken ribs, more than anything that bled or broke and healed again. Caring didn’t break you clean. It was a bone that didn’t set, a cut that wouldn’t close.
Solange nicole, Slayers|Grab onto God's promises with one hand and His faithfulness with the other, ripping apart the natural to reveal the supernatural unseen beneath.
A.P., Sabine|What's that she's fiddling with when she ought to be listening? I do believe it's a pair of tweezers. She's plucking the hairs off her arms. Off her arms, of all places. Not even legs or face, which is bad enough, but arms. Holy shit, what pathetic geisha behaviour - pain in order to please the male; has no one ever told her she has the right to be hairy if that's the way she's made?
G.K. Chesterton, Heretics|Journalism classes teach us that one must extract oneself from the story in order to report without bias, but often we need to be in the story in order to understand, to connect, to help the audience identify or else it has no heart; it could be a robot telling the story, for all anyone cares.
Bilal Bashir Magry|When we do the hard stuff for the first 20 years we will have an easier life for the 60, but if we take it easy for the first 20 then we will live a life of struggle later on.
Lik Hock Yap Ivan|Sometimes we forget how important it is just to show up and take care of the good friendships that we have, or might like to have. Good friendships are hard to come by.
Jonas Salk|There are many talented people who haven't fulfilled their dreams because they over thought it, or they were too cautious, and were unwilling to make the leap of faith.
― Gregory David Roberts, The Mountain Shadow|Love becomes imprudent only when it is impatient to enjoy; but when it is a matter of procuring the return of a happiness to which a baleful combination of circumstances has raised impediments, love sees and foresees all that the most subtle perspicacity can discover.
Robert W. Service|It’s a fact: black people in this country die more easily, at all ages, across genders. Look at how young black men die, and how middle-aged black men drop dead, and how black women are ravaged by HIV/AIDS. The numbers graft to poverty but they also graph to stresses known and invisible. How did we come here, after all? Not with upturned chins and bright eyes but rather in chains, across a chasm. But what did we do? We built a nation, and we built its art.
Mary Roach, Packing for Mars: The Curious Science of Life in the Void|The human organism is built for tension and relaxation, work and sleep. The principle of life is rhythm.
Robert Greene|But he could never be a made guy himself because of his tainted blood, some Sunset Park Puerto Rican on his father's side, even though he was raised Italian. Chili didn't care to be made anyway, get into all that bullshit having to do with respect. It was bad enough having to treat these guys like they were your heroes, smile when they made some stupid remark they thought was funny.
Dillon Burroughs, Activist Faith: From Him and For Him|If my activism, however well-motivated, drives out love, then I have misunderstood Jesus’ gospel. I am stuck with law, not the gospel of grace.
Arne Tiselius|We live in a world where unfortunately the distinction between true and false appears to become increasingly blurred by manipulation of facts, by exploitation of uncritical minds, and by the pollution of the language.
Gary   Hopkins|God isn’t asking you to fight the devil. He is asking you to simply uphold or sustain the victory won byJesus at Calvary and enforce his authority over the devil. You’re like the traffic warden who raises his hand and the vehicles stop. They don’t stop because he can physically bring thevehicles to a halt, but because he is representing and upholding the authority of the state.
Joan Cusack|I was never one to go up to someone as a five- or six-year-old and say, 'Hello, my name's Paul, will you be my friend?' But I found if I did an impression of the PE teacher or whatever and people laughed, then they did like me, and so then they started talking to me, rather than me making the initial overture and then maybe being rebuffed.
Kim Golden, Maybe Baby|There's always women who show up who... they don't really want a baby, you know? They're just lonely. And you kind of feel like a gigolo here. You're supposed to look good. Charm the women, make them feel comfortable. You just don't have sex with them.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Darling Daddy,This is Rose.The shed needs new wires now it has blown up.Caddy is bringing home rock-bottom boyfriends to see if they will do for Mummy. Instead of you.Love, Rose.
Shirley Corder|The pain he feels in his own gut is either something to do with the caffeine, or the stress of realizing that if it's not snipers or blindness stealing your children, it's cancer coming to snipe your wife, and there's not a fucking thing a guy can do about any of it except to drop to his knees and pray, to pretend like someone or something that gives a shit is on teh other end of the line, to pretend anything, like you did when you were a kid until the pretending seems real, because without that all you've got for comfort is what's in front of your face...
Phil Garlington, Rancho Costa NADA: The Dirt Cheap Desert Homestead|Finally, I applied to one of my roommates, more sagacious than the rest, for advice. Dave, I said. I’m broke and without prospects. I’ve blown my GI Bill on flying lessons. I can’t hide out here in college much longer. What should I do?Well, he said, at this crucial juncture you need to coldly appraise yourself. “I’ve only known you these few short years, but it strikes me you wouldn’t be good for anything important; I’d have to say you’re lazy, self-absorbed, glib and facetious, always ready to mock the suggestions of others, but never offering anything positive of your own. Intellectually shallow, no tap root anywhere, spiritually neutered, without feeling or compassion, unsteady of focus, lacking the fortitude for the long pull, with no fixed belief in anything.”I shook his hand and thanked him. The acuity of his analysis made my path clear. My only hope lay in daily journalism.
Ruta Sepetys, Between Shades of Gray|I felt as if I were riding a pendulum. Just as I would swing into the abyss of hopelessness, the pendulum would swing back with some small goodness.
Isadora  Duncan, Art of the Dance|Oh Woman, come before us, before our eyes longing for beauty, and tired of the ugliness of civilization, come in simple tunics, letting us see the line and harmony of the body beneath, and dance for us. Dance us the sweetness of life. Give us again the sweetness and the beauty of the true dance, give us again the joy of seeing the simple unconscious pure body of a woman. Like a great call it has come, and women must hear it and answer it.
David Halberstam, The Powers That Be|Lippmann was very good at staying young, at not aging and becoming a prisoner of his past experiences.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The universe offers you three things that money cannot buy: joy, love, and life.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Your opinions about doesn't matter, I know who I am.
Herbert Hoover|I can paint pictures, but I cannot rule men.
Paul Greenberg|Her hope was to preserve what she called The Way, to keep it alive, for that future moment when the current obsession with excess and hierarchy imploded. Wilma said many Native people believed that the earth as a living organism would just one day shrug off the human species that was destroying it—and start over. In a less cataclysmic vision, humans would realize that we are killing our home and each other, and seek out The Way. That’s why Native people were guarding it.
Rose George|It's not okay to be fat - not because of the way you look, but because it's unhealthy. I have experienced hormonal problems, bad skin, immense laziness, and back and knee pain. It's not fine to be too fat or too thin! Anything in extremes is wrong. I am afraid of putting on weight because I don't want to develop health problems.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Jesus used the carefree attitude of the birds to underscore the fact that worrying is unnatural. I am learning in my own life, day by day, to keep my mind centered on Christ.
Michael Salter, Organised  Sexual Abuse|There are matters in that book, said to be done by the express command of God, that are as shocking to humanity, and to every idea we have of moral justice, as any thing done by Robespierre, by Carrier, by Joseph le Bon, in France, by the English government in the East Indies, or by any other assassin in modern times. When we read in the books ascribed to Moses, Joshua, etc., that they (the Israelites) came by stealth upon whole nations of people, who, as the history itself shews, had given them no offence; that they put all those nations to the sword; that they spared neither age nor infancy; that they utterly destroyed men, women and children; that they left not a soul to breathe; expressions that are repeated over and over again in those books, and that too with exulting ferocity; are we sure these things are facts? are we sure that the Creator of man commissioned those things to be done? Are we sure that the books that tell us so were written by his authority?...The Bible tells us, that those assassinations were done by the express command of God. And to read the Bible without horror, we must undo every thing that is tender, sympathising, and benevolent in the heart of man. Speaking for myself, if I had no other evidence that the Bible is fabulous, than the sacrifice I must make to believe it to be true, that alone would be sufficient to determine my choice.
Isobelle Carmody, Greylands|Because if we were all created idealists, then life was bound to be one relentless disappointment. But then, there was also music. We unlearned the lies with one hand and repeated them with the other.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: A Young Adult's Guide to a Meaningful Future|In an instant, everything in the room came alive. Like the sunshine had a melody and the sounds of footsteps had a texture I could feel in my fingertips each time anyone moved
John Mayer|I hope to refine music, study it, try to find some area that I can unlock. I don't quite know how to explain it but it's there. These can't be the only notes in the world, there's got to be other notes some place, in some dimension, between the cracks on the piano keys.
Han Kang, The Vegetarian|We are custodians. We are stewards. Our actions are being watched by others around us. Someone is looking up to us as we take each breath. We can be just a grape or we can be the juice that offers simplicity, nourishment and refreshment. Extract and empty your goodness. Pass it into the hearts of the people looking up to you. It will multiply beyond your highest good.﻿
Ngina Otiende, Blues to Bliss: Creating Your Happily-Ever-After In The Early Years|Happiness in marriage is a choice you have to make: fight for, protect, pursue. It doesn't happen to you, you make it happen.
Adam Selzer, The Smart Aleck's Guide to American History|The Civil Rights Act of 1964 was the most sweeping civil rights legislation of its day, and included women's rights as part of its reforms. Ironically, the section on women's rights was added by a senator from Virginia who opposed the whole thing and was said to be sure that if he stuck something about womens' rights into it, it would never pass. The bill passed anyway, though, much to the chagrin of a certain wiener from Virginia.
Roxane Gay, Bad Feminist|Small, red, and upright he waited,gripping his new bookbag tightin one hand and touching a lucky penny inside his coat pocket with the other,while the first snows of winterfloated down on his eyelashes and covered the branches around him and silencedall trace of the world.
Eric Schlosser|I will never use a substitute for butter. Margarine is one molecule away from eating plastic. If I'm going to eat that type of food, it's going to be the real deal.
Leigh Bardugo, Siege and Storm|It's always been this way. There were rumors about me even before I was born. It's why my mother never calls me Sobachka. She says it makes me sound like a mongrel."My heart gave a little pang at that. I'd been called plenty of names growing up."I like mongrels," I said. "They have cute floppy ears.""My ears are very dignified.
Russ Harris, The Reality Slap: Finding Peace and Fulfillment When Life Hurts|Building a good relationship with ourselves is essential for inner fulfilment, especially when we run into a large reality gap.
R.A. Salvatore, The Halfling's Gem|The heart will find solace after a lost love, but once the soul is betrayed and broken it will always bleed and the wounds will never really heal,,,,
Sheila M. Burke, Enriched Heart: The Tao of Balancing Your Big, Beautiful, Badass Soul|The expensive car you bought doesn’t matter, but the way you treated the salesman did.
Carl Sagan, Contact|Sometimes she would be engaged in a laboratory exercise or a seminar when the instructor would say, "Gentlemen, let's proceed," and sensing Ellie's frown would add, "Sorry, Miss Arroway, but I think of you as one of the boys." The highest compliment they were capable of paying was that in their minds she was not overtly female.
Monica Ali, Brick Lane|while she wanted to look neither to her past nor her future, she lived exclusively in both. They had took different paths, but they had journeyed, so she realized, together.
Tom Wolfe|My filmmaking really began with technology. It began through technology, not through telling stories, because my 8mm movie camera was the way into whatever I decided to do.
Julio Ramón Ribeyro, Marginal Voices: Selected Stories|Oh, life, life!" Bastidas complained, sipping his drink. "What is life? A little flame at the tip of a candle, exposed to a strong wind.
John Capecci and Timothy Cage, Living Proof: Telling Your Story to Make a Difference|...were she lying crushed under the ruins of a building, were she torn by the bomb of an air raid, so long as she was still in existence she would know that action is man’s foremost obligation, regardless of anything he feels...
Jennifer     Harrison, Perverse Wonderland|My heart had a crush on him from the moment we met, but it was faint, and the rest of me stubbornly refused to play along.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|It [predatory capitalism] is incapable of meeting human needs that can be expressed only in collective terms, and its concept of competitive man who seeks only to maximize wealth and power, who subjects himself to market relationships, to exploitation and external authority, is antihuman and intolerable in the deepest sense.
Chloe Thurlow, Girl Trade|My heart was on the verge, if not of explosion than of collapse, hurtling to an inward oblivion, sucking down with it the very ground I stood on.
Robert A. Caro|the ability to get on the air, which was crucial to any reporter’s career, grew precisely as the ability to analyze diminished.
Thomas Ligotti, The Nightmare Factory|I know in a way I never knew before that there is nowhere for me to go, nothing for me to do, and no one for me to know. The voice in my head keeps reciting these old principles of mine. The voice is his voice, and the voice is also my voice. And there are other voices, voices I have never heard before, voices that seem to be either dead or dying in a great moonlit darkness. More than ever, some sort of new arrangement seems in order, some dramatic and unknown arrangement -- anything to find release from this heartbreaking sadness I suffer every minute of the day (and night), this killing sadness that feels as if it will never leave me no matter where I go or what I do or whom I may ever know.
Jane Kirkpatrick, Where Lilacs Still Bloom|It's fun to do the impossible" Walt DisneyI always dream BIG!
Dada Bhagwan|Competition is a bad company [kusang, the company which will bring our downfall].
Jeannette Walls, The Glass Castle|One time I saw a tiny Joshua tree sapling growing not too far from the old tree. I wanted to dig it up and replant it near our house. I told Mom that I would protect it from the wind and water it every day so that it could grow nice and tall and straight. Mom frowned at me. "You'd be destroying what makes it special," she said. "It's the Joshua tree's struggle that gives it its beauty.
M. Scott Peck, A World Waiting to Be Born: Civility Rediscovered|The person with a secular mentality feels himself to be the center of the universe. Yet he is likely to suffer from a sense of meaninglessness and insignificance because he knows he’s but one human among five billion others - all feeling themselves to be the center of things - scratching out an existence on the surface of a medium-sized planet circling a small star among countless stars in a galaxy lost among countless galaxies. The person with the sacred mentality, on the other hand, does not feel herself to be the center of the universe. She considers the Center to be elsewhere and other. Yet she is unlikely to feel lost or insignificant precisely because she draws her significance and meaning from her relationship, her connection, with that center, that Other.
Anne Brontë, Agnes Grey|I still preserve those relics of past sufferings and experience, like pillars of witness set up in travelling through the valve of life, to mark particular occurrences. The footsteps are obliterated now; the face of the country may be changed; but the pillar is still there, to remind me how all things were when it was reared.
Mark F. LaMoure|Climb the ladder of success, by always putting forward your best self. Practice being the best at what you do.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|Don't wish away your problems. They need action, not wishful thinking
Steven Magee|The weak, the sinful, the uncertain - they are most often the ones called.
Amit Kalantri, I Love You Too|Every time I see you, I have to admit that rest of us are more uglier than I thought.
C.G. Jung, Symbols of Transformation|And each stroke of his tongue ripped off skin after successive skin, all the skins of a life in the world, and left behind a nascent patina of shining hairs. My earrings turned back to water and trickled down my shoulders; I shrugged the drops off my beautiful fur.
Stuart Rose|I began painting well before I started doing comedy. In fact, when I came out of the war in 1946, I enrolled in art school in Dayton, Ohio. I painted for three years, and then show business took hold.
Sarah Mally, Before You Meet Prince Charming: A Guide to Radiant Purity|[T]he truth is that fullness of soul can sometimes overflow in utter vapidity of language, for none of us can ever express the exact measure of his needs or his thoughts or his sorrows; and human speech is like a cracked kettle on which we tap crude rhythms for bears to dance to, while we long to make music that will melt the stars.
Melody Beattie|If it were better, it wouldn't be as good.
GBanks|Don't let your past dictate who you are, but let it be part of who you will become
Amit Kalantri|Magic is not just for the entertainment, but to inspire people to be creative enough with their lives.
Abu Huraira|As we have seen in the data, resentment against the West comes from what Muslims perceive as the West's hatred and denigration of Islam; the Western belief that Arabs and Muslims are inferior,; and their fear of Western intervention, domination, or occupation. (p. 141)
Debasish Mridha|It takes respect, understanding, and forgiveness to make peace.
Muhammad Imran Hasan|With an attitude of respect and concern for other beings, we can create an atmosphere of happiness, real harmony and real brotherhood.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|A joyful life, life of contentment.
Padgett Powell, The Interrogative Mood|What Douglas had once seen as the attractive over-confidence of youth, now looked more like unyielding selfishness.
Leigh Bardugo, Ruin and Rising|And to the little Squirrel who lived in the fir-tree, and was lonely, he said, 'Where is my mother?' And the Squirrel answered, 'Thou hast slain mine. Dost thou seek to slay thine also?
Diane Setterfield|I don't even know what a traditional producer is or does. I feel like the job is like being a coach, building good work habits and building trust. You want to get to a point where you can say anything and talk about anything. There needs to be a real connection.
Ann Marie Frohoff|Embrace your journey and those who come across your path. Be gracious in your endeavors. Focus on your craft. Those who support your dreams now and feel your sincere humility and gratitude will be there 20, 30, 40 years from now, padding your old bones and time worn, weary soul.
Daniel Keyes, Flowers for Algernon|Now I understand that one of the important reasons for going to college and getting an education is to learn that the things you've believed in all your life aren't true, and that nothing is what it appears to be.
Corrie ten Boom, The Hiding Place: The Triumphant True Story of Corrie Ten Boom|Father sat down on the edge of the narrow bed. "Corrie," he began gently, "when you and I go to Amsterdam-when do I give you your ticket?" I sniffed a few times, considering this. "Why, just before we get on the train." "Exactly. And our wise Father in heaven knows when we're going to need things, too. Don't run out ahead of Him, Corrie. When the time comes that some of us will have to die, you will look into your heart and find the strength you need-just in time.
Mehmet Murat ildan|With night's Dim veil and blue I will cover my eyes, I will bind close my eyes that are So weary.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|Jesus. Low-Key Lyesmith," said Shadow. and then he heard what he was saying and he understood. "Loki," he said. "Loki Lie-smith.""You're slow," said Loki, "but you get there in the end." And his lips twisted into a scarred smile and the embers danced in the shadows of his eyes.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|The good fighters of old first put themselves beyond the possibility of defeat, and then waited for an opportunity of defeating the enemy.
Rita Mae Brown|But I realize now that the toughest choices, the ones that will haunt us for the rest of our lives, are ones that my mom is still sheltering me from.
Shannen Doherty|Fear comes in two packages fear of failure, and sometimes, fear of success.
Reif Larsen, The Selected Works of T.S. Spivet|A map does not just chart, it unlocks and formulates meaning; it forms bridges between here and there, between disparate ideas that we did not know were previously connected.
Charlotte Eriksson, You're Doing Just Fine|So now it’s this thing I do.I go away, ever so often, by myself, for myself,to new places with foreign streets I haven’t walked yet,and there I wander, up and down, watching people going places I don’t knowand it always hits me that they’re never alone,always with someone,and I wonder how they would spend a day all on their own in a foreign city with nothing to do and no one to see,and I wonder if they’d be happy.Just simply being free,like I am trying to be.Happy.Just simply being me.
Peter Redgrove, The Black Goddess and the Unseen Real: Our Uncommon Senses and Their Common Sense|The erotic state – again, a mixture of concentration and spontaneity – is a hypnoidal state, probably the most powerful kind that we are capable of experiencing, and it is in this condition that unexpected regions of the self are revealed, as the majority of people know from experience.
Debasish Mridha|Consciously or unconsciously, the only person you should compete with is you.
Carol Morgan|An author simply comes up with a hypothetical question, and then spends eight months and 80 thousands words to come up with a believable lie to answer it
Virginia Woolf, The Waves|Death is woven in with the violets,” said Louis. “Death and again death.”)
Agatha Christie, Destination Unknown|HC: You think I shall differently tomorrow? [about suicide]J: People do.HC: Yes, perhaps. If you're doing things in a mood of hot despair. But when it's cold despair, it's different. I've nothing to live for, you see.~Hilary Craven; Jessop
Bret Michaels|My childhood, adolescence and high school days are unusually important. If there has ever been a time that I developed a uniqueness and sense of humor and the ability to organize, it was then. In those early days, I developed the skills that gave me a certain degree of success in American politics.
Jack London|In 1924 Mao took a Chinese friend, newly arrived from Europe, to see the notorious sign in the Shanghai park, 'Chinese and Dogs Not Allowed'.
Alan W. Watts, The Book: On the Taboo Against Knowing Who You Are|Vigilance of the wisest kind is to incessantly remain open to the reality that what I ‘see’ is but a single thread and solitary shard of what ‘is’, for to assume otherwise is to surrender the wisdom of vigilance to the decay of ignorance.
Kim Cormack|Readers often tell me after they've read the books, they find it difficult to sum up the plot in a simple way. My response is, "It's a story about the love a father shares for his daughter. All the rest is just filler."- MJ Mancini, on his best-selling trilogy, "Revelation".
Suzanne Venker|If the ultimate goal is lasting love, women are going to have to become comfortable with sacrifice and capitulation. Because those are the underpinnings of a long-term marriage – for both sexes.
Eowyn Ivey, The Snow Child|It was as if she had reached into her own pocket and discovered a small pebble, as hard as a diamond, that she had forgotten belonged to her.
Jessica Conoley|I’ve been firmly grounded in reality since I was a child, and I’m still waiting for it to impress me.
Elly Griffiths, The Crossing Places|We need a country literally full of cat guys and cat girls, bikers, politicians, clergy, and everyone in between, in order to keep millions from dying without homes.
Sharon Ashwood|Being the evil undead wasn't fun anymore. For one thing, it was increasingly hard to get a library card.
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|[I retained] only the Habit of expressing my self in Terms of modest Diffidence, never using when I advance any thing that may possibly be disputed, the Words 'Certainly, 'undoubtedly', or any others that I give the Air of Positiveness to an Opinion; but rather say 'I conceive', or 'I apprehend a Thing to be so or so', 'It appears to me', or 'I should think it so or so for such & such Reasons', or 'I imagine' it to be so or so, or 'it is so' if I am not mistaken.—This Habit I believe has been of great Advantage to me, when I have had occasion to inculcate my Opinions and persuade Men into Measures that I have been from time to time engag'd in promoting.—And as the chief Ends of Conversation are to inform, or to be informed, to please or to persuade, I wish well meaning sensible Men would not lessen their Power of doing Good by a Positive assuming Manner that seldom fails to disgust, tends to create Opposition, and to defeat every one of those purposes for which Speech was given to us, to wit, giving or receiving Information or Pleasure: For if you would inform, a positive dogmatical Manner in advancing your Sentiments, may provoke Contradiction & prevent a candid Attention.
Toni Morrison, Paradise|How exquisitely human was the wish for permanent happiness, and how thin human imagination became trying to achieve it.
Daniel Pennac, Comme un roman|Time to read is always time stolen. (Like time to write, for that matter, or time to love).Stolen from what?From the tyranny of living.
Kusumastuti, Berlabuh di Lindoeya|He went to hell and back, to shut the door of his past, he would not let that door be opened again by others.
T.J. Klune, Burn|Seven smirked as he walked back over to me. "I gave you catharsis last night. Twice.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Hush, Hush|But if I hadn't fallen, I wouldn't have met you.
James Joyce, Ulysses|I will not eat them in a house, i will not eat them with a mouse,i will not eat them in a box i will not eat them with a fox, i will not eat them here of there i will not eat them anywhere, I do not like green eggs and ham i do not like them sam i am
Jodi Picoult, Change of Heart|In the space between yes and no, there is a lifetime. It’s the difference between the path you walk and one you leave behind; it’s the gap between who you thought you could be and who you really are; it’s the legroom for the lies you will tell yourself in the future.
Krist Pauwels, Your Work and Your Life: Towards a True Win-Win|The secret does not lie in the perfection of your path, but in recognizing its imperfection.
Ankit Rawat|There is no perfect day in calendar, it’s just a matter of number. Sometimes you’ve to make your day perfect by picking one moment...
Michael S. Horton, The Gospel Commission: Recovering God's Strategy for Making Disciples|The greatest threat to Christ-centered witness even in churches that formally affirm sound teaching is what British evangelical David Gibson calls ‘the assumed gospel.’ The idea is that the gospel is necessary for getting saved, but after we sign on, the rest of the Christian life is all the fine print: conditional forgiveness.
Domonique Bertolucci|Every time you say ‘but’, you aregiving yourself a get-out clause.
Richie Havens|The thing I do, really, is a communication with audiences more than any achievement through records.
P. Wish|When a memory dies, the truth takes its place. Losing a memory is more painful than losing an arm. Because memories cannot be amputated. In familiarity, we find a sense of security. When this security leaves, the unfamiliar remains.
Abigail Thomas, What Comes Next and How to Like It|Her face is silting up, like a pond; layers are accumulating. Every once in a while, when she can afford the time, she spends a few days at a spa north of the city, drinking vegetable juice and having ultrasound treatments, in search of her original face, the one she knows is under there somewhere; she comes back feeling toned up and virtuous, and hungry.
Jonathan Goldstein, Ladies and Gentlemen, the Bible!|I'm scared and overwhelmed and my mind is racing. But," she paused and looked at him. "You're here. You just gave me hope. You also just scared the blazes out of me. I'm no longer sure that I'm the most difficult person in this relationship.""I remain sure of it," Alain said."Did you just make a joke?" She pulled away a little and stared at him, smiling more like she usually did. "Are you making fun of me, Mage?"Alain couldn't remember how long it had been since he had laughed. The act was completely alien to Mages, to the training he had endured since he was a small child. But now he laughed, the sound rusty and halting, yet he knew it was a laugh, and it felt so good to be laughing and holding Mari that Alain wondered what Mage art or other promised reward could possibly be worth giving up such things.
Alastair Reynolds, Blue Remembered Earth|How did you . . . pass the time?’ Sunday asked. ‘You couldn’t just ching out of it, could you?’‘We had a different form of chinging,’ Eunice said. ‘An earlier type of virtual-reality technology, much more robust and completely unaffected by time lag. You may have heard of it. We called it “reading”.
Chew Chia Shao Wei, The Rock and the Bird|There was something vaguely sad about the rock. It was as old as it looked, standing weathered and lonely amidst the stretch of sand, and its thoughts were quiet as it listened to the waves.
|You don't have to be better than everyone in order to grow and achieve success, but you must continuously strive to become better than the person you were yesterday.
Vinod Pande|How do you tell a young girl in her formative years that the real value, real wealth is only in acquisition of knowledge through higher education? In caring for the downtrodden as well as the learned. In committing yourself to the matters of culture and creativity, when your own life has been complete antithesis of the same?
Anne Wojcicki|It wasn't until sixth grade, at P.S. 168, when my teacher took us on a field trip to her house that I realized we were poor. I have no idea what my teacher's intentions were - whether she was trying to inspire us or if she actually thought visiting her Manhattan brownstone with her view of Central Park qualified as a school trip.
Zoraida Córdova, Labyrinth Lost|Right now, I'm just a girl, and there is also magic in that.
Walter M. Miller Jr., A Canticle for Leibowitz|The air around you is filled with floating atoms, sliding down the Earth's spacetime curve. Atoms first assembled in the cores of long-dead stars. Atoms within you, everywhere, disintegrating in radioactive decays. Beneath your feet, the floor - whose electrons refuse to let yours pass, thus making you able to stand and walk and run. Earth, your planet, a lump of matter made out of the three quantum fields known to mankind, held together by gravity, the so-called fourth force (even though it isn't a force), floating within and through spacetime.
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|With natural law there is no flaw, we must act in truth and be smart.”Grampa Foster, Meet the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure
Sadie S. Forsythe, The Weeping Empress|For some death is an art, for others it is merely an inevitability.
Kate Klise, In the Bag|I walked down Paseo del Prado, losing myself to the sights, sounds, and dense magic of the city. There's something weirdly calming about being alone in a big city. It made me feel like the universe was hugely generous, and that my species was so damn smart to have constructed such a beautiful city.
Anonymous|Trust is a delicate idea, held up by time and togetherness. But one person slips and the whole thing shatters. Like glass. and young girls' hearts.
Ellen Hopkins, Perfect|HOW do you define a word without concrete meaning? To each his own, the saying goes, soWHYpush to attain an ideal state of being that no two random people will agree isWHERE you want to be? Faultless. Finished. Incomparable. People can never be these, and anyway,WHENdid creating a flawless facade become a more vital goal than learning to love the personWHOlives inside your skin? The outside belongs to others. Only you should decide for you -WHATis perfect.
Jen Hatmaker, 7: An Experimental Mutiny Against Excess|While it is easy to become paralyzed by the world's suffering and the inequalities created by corruption and greed, we actually hold immense power for change, simply by virtue of our wealth and economic independence. Because we decide where our dollars go. Never has so much wealth been so concentrated; our prosperity is unprecedented. If enough of us decided to share, we would unleash a torrent of justice to sweep away disparity, extreme poverty, and hopelessness. The world is waiting. Our kids are watching. Time is wasting. Are we willing?
Tom Landry|I believe in the Prince of Peace. I believe that War is Murder. I believe that armies and navies are at bottom the tinsel and braggadocio of oppression and wrong, and I believe that the wicked conquest of weaker and darker nations by nations whiter and stronger but foreshadows the death of that strength.
Erik Sass, The Mental Floss History of the World: An Irreverent Romp through Civilization's Best Bits|f you want something," Tomas had always said "you have to take it. Because nobody's ever going to give it to you. Remember that, little brother.
Swami Pranayomama, How To Not Give A F-ck In Ten Easy Steps: The Modern Lay Person's Guide To Enlightenment|You should try to avoid using the words "should" and "try".
irak.ibrahim hussain didi|Parallel lines meet at infinity. Looking back from said point, do parallel lines ever not meet?
Amit Ray|Whether you know or not, you are the infinite potential of love, peace and joy
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading|As we get older, it matters less where you are and more who you're with.
L.E. Modesitt Jr., Solar Express|Instead of politicians, let the monkeys govern the countries; at least they will steal only the bananas!
Stella McCartney|I'm pretty good at gardening. It consumes my time, and it feels like I'm doing something constructive.
Suzi Quatro|For most athletes, there's a focus on your own fitness, but I have to rely on my horse, too. I've been very lucky so far, and it hasn't presented a problem, but you can never count on a competition going as planned until you're there and actually doing it.
Harold S. Kushner, When Bad Things Happen to Good People|Conversations between people can move like tennis games, swift and unpredictable. There are constant subtle visual and verbal cues, there's innuendo, sarcasm, body language, tone. Everyone occasionally fumbles an encounter, a victim of social clumsiness. It's part of being human.
Melinda DuChamp, Fifty Shades of Alice in Wonderland|Someday my prince will come,” she lamented softly, “too fast.
Tony Blair|The art of leadership is saying no, not yes. It is very easy to say yes.
Lisa Cach, Wake Unto Me|Because some information is better than no information. Life does not give you big, simple answers, Caitlyn. It demands patience, focus, and an open, intelligent mind to gather the pieces of a puzzle and fit them together into a coherent whole. Nothing worth knowing is ever easily learned.
Edward Griffith Begle|There was a seminar for advanced students in Zürich that I was teaching and von Neumann was in the class. I came to a certain theorem, and I said it is not proved and it may be difficult. Von Neumann didn’t say anything but after five minutes he raised his hand. When I called on him he went to the blackboard and proceeded to write down the proof. After that I was afraid of von Neumann.
Tucker Elliot, The Day Before 9/11|Military life is hard, even cruel—especially for the kids.
Anna Akhmatova, The Complete Poems of Anna Akhmatova|If you were music, I would listen to you ceaselessly, and my low spirits would brighten up.
Victoria Pendleton|I don't eat pork or beef. I cut that out when my father passed away about 20 years ago. I wanted to modify my diet because he passed away from diabetes. And, you know, it's very hereditary.
Ejump Schiffler|LOVE, RESPECT AND CARE are the things if you will give it; you will get it
William Shakespeare, A Midsummer Night's Dream|In certain circumstances, basically shit ones, it’s fight or flight. With Tommy it’s always fright and flight.
Henry David Thoreau, I to Myself: An Annotated Selection from the Journal of Henry D. Thoreau|If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment.
Ma Jun|The motivation should come from regulatory enforcement, but enforcement is weak, and environmental litigation is near to impossible. So there's an urgent need for extensive public participation to generate another kind of motivation.
Various|And I really wanted to see you, too," she said. "When I couldn’t see you any more, I realized that. It was as clear as if the planets all of a sudden lined up in a row for me. I really need you. You’re a part of me; I’m a part of you.
Anaïs Nin, The Diary of Anaïs Nin, Vol. 7: 1966-1974|We travel, some of us forever, to seek other states, other lives, other souls.
Prince|I started as a black and white photographer, but the colors I was seeing were just so lurid and compelling and awful at the same time. They got me looking at other contemporary art. I was gravitating more and more toward work that had visceral power, that wasn't necessarily about being beautiful but had some kind of horror in the palette.
Priyavrat Thareja|Communication is like a pressure relief valve for your body. When a little pressure gets cooked up inside and needs to be released, you can gently turn the nozzle and release it slowly and gracefully until you feel better, by way of a productive conversation. But if you choose to ignore the warning signals and leave that pressure inside, it's going to grow and inevitably explode and make a mess, by way of an overreaction and possibly an argument.
David Cameron|An ambitious, surreal tale of the love between a young Arab girl sold into marriage and the orphan boy she adopts, 'Habibi' spans multiple eras of conflict and change, stretching the lifetimes of its two protagonists over many centuries.
Janet Fitch, White Oleander|I took the volume to a table, opened its soft, ivory pages... and fell into it as into a pool during dry season.
Billy Corgan|Britishness is just a way of putting things together and a certain don't care attitude about clothes. You don't care, you just do it and it looks great.
Ed Catmull, Creativity, Inc.: Overcoming the Unseen Forces That Stand in the Way of True Inspiration|For what is life but a continuous, dynamic and fluid circle of discoveries that surrounds all peoples and has the power to change even the smallest of us.
Cyndi Lauper|An end of something means the beginning of something else, and I don't think that something else is going to be the death of the manned space program.
Cindi Madsen, Cinderella Screwed Me Over|You monosyllabic Neanderthal, I am not some little helpless female who can't walk across the brewery."He shrugged. "I did what was needed.""What the what?" She dropped the clipboard from beneath the hoodie and shoved her arms through its sleeves before rubbing her hands up and down her arms to warm them. "That doesn't even make sense."Sean doubted there were half-crazed mules more stubborn than Natalie Sweet. "If I hadn't, you would have stayed in that cooler, freezing your ass off until you'd said everything you wanted to say - which, by the way, is usually more words than most people use in a year.
Menachem Mendel Morgensztern|Instead of one-way interruption, Web marketing is about delivering useful content at just the precise moment that a buyer needs it.Search, a marketing method that didn't exist a decade ago, provides the most efficient and inexpensive way for businesses to find leads.
Elizabeth Winder, Pain, Parties, Work: Sylvia Plath in New York, Summer 1953|If you were really humble you would be great, because humility would never squander the magnificent gift of life.
Haruki Murakami|I am living in hell from one day to the next. But there is nothing I can do to escape. I don't know where I would go if I did. I feel utterly powerless, and that feeling is my prision. I entered of my own free will, I locked the door, and I threw away the key.
Lincoln Steffens|The road to the future leads us smack into the wall. We simply ricochet off the alternatives that destiny offers. Our survival is no more than a question of 25, 50 or perhaps 100 years.
Rick Perlstein, Nixonland: The Rise of a President and the Fracturing of America|Mr. Craig was not above talking politics occasionally, though he piqued himself rather on a wise insight than on specific information.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|The challenge is having a harmonized vision about management philosophy, capability, structure, and maturity in a digital organization.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|I needed, I decided, to really know her, because I needed more to remember. Before I could begin the shameful process of forgetting the how and the why of her living and dying, I needed to learn it: How. Why. When. Where. What.
Milan Kundera|Dogs are our link to paradise. They don't know evil or jealousy or discontent. To sit with a dog on a hillside on a glorious afternoon is to be back in Eden, where doing nothing was not boring--it was peace.
Ella Frank, Blind Obsession|You will get exactly what you deserve Polly,” comes the firm reply, “you can trust me on that… But if you do – trust me I mean – I promise you an unparalleled climax.” She pauses, gazing deep into my frightened green eyes. “It’s your call Polly, all yours.”I allow my aching body to decide for me.“Punish me please, mistress,” I say in a very small voice.
J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye|The child, unhampered, does not waste time.
Steven Chopade|He can transform the incapability in you to do what the capables, even together, cannot do.
Sunday Adelaja|The author says that one of the difficulties of modern parenting is the uncertainty of what parents are preparing children for. In traditional societies this was clear, as parents prepared children for a society and for roles much like their own. She writes, "There is no folk wisdom.
Martha Char Love, What's Behind Your Belly Button? A Psychological Perspective of the Intelligence of Human Nature and Gut Instinct|The combination of the Main brain with its central nervous system, and the ancient Animal Brain with its somatic, enteric nervous system in the inner body—in the gut—and the constant dialog between them provides a self-correcting feedback system, which regulates the behavioral qualities of the organism when consciously cultivated—preferably in early youth.
Daniel Dennett|I think all art is, by nature, intended to motivate society for change, and the only reason change doesn't happen is because within the target population, courage is lacking.
Charlie Kimball|Like health care, education is something worth spending on and worth investing in, but we're spending more and getting less.
Thomas Robert Malthus, An Essay on the Principle of Population|When we see something different, we judge them either bad or good. But when see something similar we take it as a norm. So does it justify that morality is the epitome good or bad, or vice versa.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic|I try to lead a pretty active lifestyle. My biggest hobby is traveling with my family. I love to travel to new places and try crazy things. I'm a bit of a daredevil, so I have done things like zip lining, parasailing, scuba diving, and reverse bungee jumping!
Shannon A. Thompson, November Snow|I thought of all the hardships and people that I had lost in the past few days alone, but, most of all, I thought of how I didn't regret any of it.
Henry Ian Cusick|There are so many romantic comedies made, but very few dramas or love stories. And with a love story, you have to take time to develop three-dimensional characters.
Robert Fulghum, All I Really Need to Know I Learned in Kindergarten| 'Sugar, aint you ever had no good time?' she said with a bit of sadness in her voice. 'What you mean?' Sugar said,...'Seems to me that I ain't never see you look up from whatever you were doing and just smile.''Just smile? Smile at what? At who?''Smile into the air, girl!' she said and waved her arm through the air....you better start, 'cause time is running and a life without good times ain't a life worth having.
Monica Bellucci|She cannot escape marriage; it is her sacred Hindu duty, just as giving her away in marriage was her father’s sacred Hindu duty. Like Indian Independence, marriage is her ultimate ‘Tryst with Destiny,’ and it is not in her hand to escape her preordained and compulsory fate. A marriageable daughter is the lowest common denominator in the giant scheme of things.
Christopher Hitchens, Hitch-22: A Memoir|Many writers, especially male ones, have told us that it is the decease of the father which opens the prospect of one's own end, and affords an unobstructed view of the undug but awaiting grave that says 'you're next.' Unfilial as this may seem, that was not at all so in my own case. It was only when I watched Alexander [my own son] being born that I knew at once that my own funeral director had very suddenly, but quite unmistakably, stepped onto the stage. I was surprised by how calmly I took this, but also by how reluctant I was to mention it to my male contemporaries.
Scarlet Risque, Red Hourglass|I'd like to say I'm not self-absorbed compared to others, but that's hard to say since I'm far too self-absorbed to pry into others' self-absorption.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|Both Rowling and Meyer, they’re speaking directly to young people. … The real difference is that Jo Rowling is a terrific writer and Stephenie Meyer can’t write worth a darn. She’s not very good.
Alexandra Katehakis, Mirror of Intimacy: Daily Reflections on Emotional and Erotic Intelligence|Endow yourself with healthy self-esteem. What is the feeling tone in your life that radiates in you and makes you shine, that makes you feel whole, that makes you feel your heart? That feeling tone, which we long to hear from others, is the tone we want to practice with ourselves. That’s where we want to live with ourselves. It doesn’t happen from the outside in. That’s why it’s called self-esteem.
Lorraine Zago Rosenthal, Other Words for Love|She was wearing her fuzzy pink hat and she was happy, which was so obnoxious. She'd become one of those people who waltzed through life without so much as a split end, and I was still one of those people who changed diapers for free but still got treated like a rented mule.
Joseph Conrad, Heart of Darkness|Human history, like all great movements, was cyclical, and returned to the point of beginning. The idea of indefinite progress in a right line was a chimera of the imagination, with no analogue in nature. The parabola of a comet was perhaps a yet better illustration of the career of humanity. Tending upward and sunward from the aphelion of barbarism, the race attained the perihelion of civilization only to plunge downward once more to its nether goal in the regions of chaos.
Hannah Sawyerr|I do not care what I labeled, as long as I am heard.
Emily Arden, Lie to me: Deception: Book Two|As soon as the torch went out the atmosphere of the forest intensified. As her eyes slowly became accustomed to the darkness she started to notice the outlines of canopies above them where trees were silhouetted against the pale moonlight.The sounds around them became more noticeable; the shuffling of an animal through the undergrowth, the whistling of the wind through the trees, and now and then the cry of some creature being captured in the darkness.As they sat quietly, the noises seemed to become louder still until both visitors felt absorbed into the forest world.
Bill Cosby|I am going to kill you," he hissed.She gulped. "Don't you want to lecture me first?"He stared at her with a heavy dose of stupefaction."I take that back," he said with precisely clippedwords. "First I am going to strangle you, and then I am going to kill you.""Here?" she asked doubtfully, looking around. "Won't my dead body look suspicious in the morning?
John Geddes|It was just the human story again, flowing through me as it did through everyone else, and I'd mistaken it as my own.p 284
Muriel Barbery|Get out of bed and feed me already, person!
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Faith isn’t pretending our problems don’t exist, nor is it simply blind optimism. Faith points us beyond our problems to the hope we have in Christ.
Katie McGarry, Pushing the Limits|The anger subsided, and my shoulders fell. “I know you didn’t. But you have got to curb this overprotective big-brother thing you’ve got going on.”Travis laughed once. “I’m not playing the big brother, Pigeon. Not even close.
Jane Yolen, The Devil's Arithmetic|You're from the future, Mr Netherton?""Not exactly," he said. "I'm in the future that would result from my not being here. But since I am, it isn't your future. Here.
John Fowles, The Magus|So long, I replied, may we all have one good flight before we rest among flowers and the orbits of hungry worms.
Lydhia Marie, Remember|Standing on the top of this Monte d'Ora watching the sun come radiantly alive, Turi Guiliano was filled with youthful glee that he had escaped his enemies. He would never obey another human being again. He would choose who should live and who should die, and there was no doubt in his mind that all he would do would be for the glory and freedom of Sicily, for good and not for evil. That he would only strike for the cause of justice, to help the poor. that he would win every battle, that he would win the love of the oppressed.He was twenty years old.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Most of the times reason for unhappiness is, desiring for the things which are far from our expectations.
Joe Swanberg|I'm genuine and I'm available. I want people to be at their best. I want them to love and be loved to their fullest ability. My friends call me their relationship nanny, so we have a good time working through problems. Now, I don't claim to be an expert, but I am a woman who has been through everything.
Tonny K. Brown|A heart assured of its purpose will have the honor to admit when it is wrong, the courage to examine the reason for its faith and the strength to recover from the pain of any wrong it has done. And it will possess the greatest power known to both God and man; the power to forgive “AND” most certainly forget. A heart such as this shall always have the voice to answer life.
Debasish Mridha|When there is no cure, give the hope and share the possibility. Shine the light of miracle in the darkness of impossibility.
Lavie Tidhar, Osama|The fat man looked amused. "What on earth for?" he said. "I never have any contact with writers. If I do, they just keep pestering me about getting paid.
Sahndra Fon Dufe|Whatever you are looking for is also looking for you. You see, don't only look. Be available and ready when it shows up
Anne Rice|You think he has no will of his own? You are a fool,Charlotte. Lie with him instead of me!’ I laughed at her, and seeing the pain in her eyes, I laughed more.‘I should like to see it, you and your daimon. Lie there and call him to come now.
ELLE NICOLAI|Creativity is a fragile, delicate flower,which must be cautiously cared forand protected,from the harsh elementsof "human weather.
Mr. T|Well, you can say there is a self driving car. I'm seeing the automation of vehicles. Really, computer-assisted driving. I think that is really interesting to us because we are taking all of the sensors technologies and putting them in cars and making people safer.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|There's so much to learn. So much to enjoy. So terribly much to be curious about. Take your life and run with it. Make a habit of being alive. This much of anything, I have learned. And am still learning.
Tony DiTerlizzi, A Hero For WondLa|My mother used to tell me to be a leader, never a follower. As a respect to my the words of my mother, I cannot place my faith in God or anyone else, because if I do, I am merely a follower. In order to respect my mother's wishes, I had to dethrone God himself and claim the title as leader.
Graham Chapman, A Liar's Autobiography: Volume VI|I know that I'm crazy. And that has made all the difference." From: Furiously Happy: A funny book about horrible things.
Chris Raschka|As a teacher myself I've been in situations where parents come at you, and sometimes parents come across like the teacher doesn't want the best for their kid and it can be really, really hurtful.
Pierce Brown|Writers are cannibals. They really are. They are predators, and if you are friends with them, and if you say anything funny at dinner, or if anything good happens to you, you are in big trouble.
Corey Taylor|Typically, middle-class educated parents' search for their children's schools takes on the feel, if not of teen girls trying on different outfits, of adolescents trying on various selves.
Azar Nafisi, Reading Lolita in Tehran|You get a strange feeling when you're about to leave a place...like you'll not only miss the people you love but you'll miss the person you are now at this time and this place, because you'll never be this way ever again.
Eartha Kitt|When I played Lady Day, I took Aba onstage with me as a joke. He started singing—in tune!—and the audience loved it.Eartha Kitt, when asked what tricks her poodle did.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail|Man craves joy far more than anything else in life, but there is nothing as madly intoxicating as the feeling of joy that comes from the soul.
Christina Engela, Demonspawn|Democracy is government by the people, for the people. Without the responsibility of the people, and without the involvement of the people - all you have left is GOVERNMENT.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|Every professional voice coach worth their salt will bring you back to the importance of tone, pace, and pitch. While these concepts were introduced earlier in The Art of Body Language section, we can now elaborate and take a deeper dive into how you can use your voice to improve your communications.
Magda Szabó, The Door|As I listened I felt a dull numbness, like the effect of chloroform, rather than the primal, anarchic agony you usually feel when you encounter someone you have loved now turned to dust, in some object like a little bowl, and you are required to believe that it is still the same person who once smiled at you.
Debasish Mridha|I can hear the songs of your eyes, I can feel the warmth of your glowing cheek, and I can get lost in the smile of your soul.
TA Guimont|There is but one Morning,that when we took our first Breath;All the others are remindersthat we have not yet journeyed into death.
Betty  Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn|Sometimes being a MOM is like a good ol’ country song! You lose your sleep, you lose your hair, you lose your patience, you lose your energy, you lose your memory AND you lose your SANITY! But you DO IT all for LOVE!
Evelyn Waugh, A Handful of Dust|A whole Gothic world had come to grief...there was now no armour glittering through the forest glades, no embroidered feet on the green sward; the cream and dappled unicorns had fled...
Leonard Swidler|Yeshua was a feminist. A feminist is a person who is in favor of, and promotes, the equality of women with men, who advocates and practices treating women primarily as human persons (as men are so treated) and willingly contravenes social customs in so acting.
Corneliu Zelea Codreanu, For My Legionaries|The country is dying cause of an lack of men, not a lack of programms.
litymunshi|It struck him that the true characteristic thing about modern life was not its cruelty and insecurity, but simply its bareness, its dinginess, its listlessness.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets|Sometimes I wonder if the semi-conscious agenda of the media is to get between people and their souls. It is the the soul with its myriad tiny nerve endings that notices the neglected pathos, poignancy and practicality that lies at the heart of life. It’s as if the media are somehow irritated and envious that anonymous people should have the quiet brilliance of their rich and sustainable inner lives...
Joseph Conrad, The Secret Agent|what such people miscall their religion, is a vent for their bad humours and arrogance.
Pearl Zhu, Thinkingaire: 100 Game Changing Digital Mindsets to Compete for the Future|Setting the right priorities or having superior time management skill means knowing the difference between “must have,” and “nice to have.
Radhanath Swami|Slavery is founded in the selfishness of man's nature - opposition to it is his love of justice. These principles are an eternal antagonism; and when brought into collision so fiercely, as slavery extension brings them, shocks and throes and convulsions must ceaselessly follow.
Cecelia Ahern|How many nights must it takeone such as me to learnthat we aren’t, after all, madefrom that bird that flies out of its ashes,that for usas we go up in flames, our one workisto open ourselves, to bethe flames?
Catherynne M. Valente, Deathless|What mirrors we are, set to face each other, reflecting desire.
Karl Lagerfeld|Like poetry, fashion does not state anything. It merely suggests
Meg Wolitzer, The Uncoupling|The web and its technologies are digital representations of everything we did before in a more private, bigger, faster and more empowering format than ever before.
Emily Brontë, Bronte: Poems|It was still late summer elsewhere, but here, high in Appalachia, fall was coming; for the last three mornings, she'd been able to see her breath. The woods, which started twenty feet back from her backdoor like a solid wall, showed only hints of the impending autumn. A few leaves near the treetops had turned, but most were full and green. Visible in the distance, the Widow's Tree towered above the forest. Its leaves were the most stubborn, tenaciously holding on sometimes until spring if the winter was mild. It was a transitional period, when the world changed its cycle and opened a window during which people might also change, if they had the inclination.
Saul Black, The Killing Lessons|Death is the vehicle God uses to get us from here to where we are going. Before you take that ride, make sure you know in what direction you are heading.
Anthony Bourdain, Kitchen Confidential: Adventures in the Culinary Underbelly|I wanted to write in Kitchenese, the secret language of cooks, instantly recognizable to anyone who has ever dunked french fries for a summer job or suffered under the despotic rule of a tyrannical chef or boobish owner.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I know nothing, so I study.
Matthew McConaughey|The pressure on young chefs today is far greater than ever before in terms of social skills, marketing skills, cooking skills, personality and, more importantly, delivering on the plate. So you need to be strong. Physically fit. So my chefs get weighed every time they come into the kitchen.
Sylvester Stallone|When angry, count to four; when very angry, swear.
Paul Davies|Around the lab I heard that publicity was measured in an absolute unit, the "kan". That unit was too large for ordinary application and a practical unit one one-thousandth of the size served in its place, the "millikan".
Criss Jami, Killosophy|To believe in the truth of Christ is to be introduced to another form of hatred, and that is not sharing Him.
Heather Locklear|To all those mothers and fathers who are struggling with teen-agers, I say, just be patient: even though it looks like you can't do anything right for a number of years, parents become popular again when kids reach 20.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Sometimes a woman will look back on what she had, not because she wants to go there but to motivate her to do better.
Frank Ocean|If you could see my thoughts, you could see our faces.
Micheline Jean Louis|We are filled vessels that gets to choose what we pour back into the world, and what we choose to share defines who we are.
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|When I’m at the bottom looking up, the main question may not be ‘how do I get out of this hole?’ In reality, the main question might be ‘how do I get rid of the shovel that I used to dig it?
Stephen Hawking|I grew up in New Mexico, and the older I get, I have less need for contemporary culture and big cities and all the stuff we are bombarded with. I am happier at my ranch in the middle of nowhere watching a bug carry leaves across the grass, listening to silence, riding my horse, and being in open space.
Theodore Roosevelt|Good and evil both increase at compound interest. That is why the little decisions you and I make every day are of such infinite importance. The smallest good act today is the capture of a strategic point from which, a few months later, you may be able to go on to victories you never dreamed of. An apparently trivial indulgence in lust or anger today is the loss of a ridge or railway line or bridgehead from which the enemy may launch an attack otherwise impossible.
The Mirror of Maybe|Only children simply accept the fact that their parents have the right to make choices for them. Even disobedient children never question the fact that their parents have that right. They may choose to flout the rules, but they don't question their parents' right to make those rules.
Christina Engela|When you have a Job, it means someone has placed a limitation of TIME on you. Meaning every aspect of your life is controlled. It becomes stressing when you are at the bottom of the Career Ladder.
Franz Kafka, The Trial|You're not cross with me, though?" he said. She pulled her hand away and answered, "No, no, I'm never cross with anyone.
Jaron Lanier, You Are Not a Gadget|Technology presents us with a unique spiritual challenge. Because it is meant to serve us in fulfilling our created purpose, because it makes our lives easier, longer, and more comfortable, we are prone to assign to it something of a godlike status. We easily rely on technology to give our lives meaning, and we trust technology to provide an ultimate answer to the frustration of life in a fallen world. Because of this, technology is uniquely susceptible to becoming an idol, raising itself to the place of God in our lives.
K. Howard Joslin, Honest Wrestling: Questions of Faith When Attacked by Life|Because Ann learned to trust God fifteen years ago, she is able to trust God now with an even more difficult situation.
Alexa Chung|'Sunday Morning Coming Down' is probably the most directly autobiographical thing I'd written. In those days, I was living in a slum tenement that was torn down afterwards, but it was $25 a month in a condemned building, and 'Sunday Morning Coming Down' was more or less looking around me and writing about what I was doing.
F.T. McKinstry, The Gray Isles|Just think of me as a canvas and you as the paint, and try and imagine that we are creating a masterpiece that’s so beautiful, that no other piece of art could rival its beauty.” - Clint
Bhagat Singh|They call me a tyrant . . . One arrives at a tyrant's throne by the help of scoundrels . . . What faction do I belong to? You yourselves. What is that faction which, since the Revolution began, has crushed the factions and swept away hireling traitors? It is you, it is the people, it is the principles of the Revolution. 
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|When you resolve to live a healthier life, you will feel better, look better, and make a better impression on everyone you meet. Only you have the power, ability, and personal choice to instill healthy habits and hygiene into your life.
Nikolai Gogol, Dead Souls|You see, wisdom does not come with grey hairs.
Lauren Barnholdt, Two-Way Street|She shrugged, looking as baffled by it as he felt. "I don't know. I wonder sometimes if people even know what love is anymore. Some days, when I'm watching my friends change lovers as unperturbedly as they change shoes, I think the world just got filled with too many people, and all our technological advances made things so easy that it cheapened our most basic, essential value somehow," she told him. "It's like spouses are commodities nowadays: disposable, constantly getting tossed back out for trade on the market and everyone's trying to trade up, up--like there is a 'trading up' in love." She rolled her eyes. "No way. That's not for me. I'm having one husband. I'm getting married once. When you know going in that you're staying for life, it makes you think harder about it, go slower, choose really well.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|When the snows fall and the white winds blow, the lone wolf dies but the pack survives.
Hunter S. Thompson, Fear and Loathing on the Campaign Trail '72|So much for Objective Journalism. Don't bother to look for it here--not under any byline of mine; or anyone else I can think of. With the possible exception of things like box scores, race results, and stock market tabulations, there is no such thing as Objective Journalism. The phrase itself is a pompous contradiction in terms.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|All overt and covert emotions would shrivel without the beam of contrast and comparison to supply context and implication. We need the value of counterpoise to recognize and distinguish between similar and dissimilar concepts. How do we identify the importance of hope if we never felt despair? How do we appreciate the value of society and companionship until we experience solitude and loneliness? What would any relationship be unless draped with the boughs of thoughts and feelings, without the ongoing interaction between conscientious action and unreserved devotion, without endless empathy fused with boundless love? In the ring of time, without the verve supplied by both the real and the imaginary, life would be bland, insipid, and lackluster.
Octavia E. Butler, Bloodchild and Other Stories|Bloodchild" is my pregnant man story.
Richard P. Feynman|The intuition of the moral sentiment is an insight of the perfection of the laws of the soul. These laws execute themselves. They are out of time, out of space, and not subject to circumstance.
Tullian Tchividjian|What do you have (talents,idea,contacts,a voice,strength)? God uses what you have to give you what you don't have.
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|I felt like one of Apollo's sacred cows- slow, dumb, and bright red.
Neel Burton, Hide and Seek: The Psychology of Self-Deception|It seems to me that there are three principal scales of time, the present moment, a human lifetime, and the eternal. The problem with modern man is not so much that he situates himself in the future of a human lifetime, since he fears death far too much to do that, but rather than he does not situate himself in any of these three scales of time. Instead, he is forever stuck somewhere in-between, this evening, tomorrow morning, next week, next Christmas, in five years’ time. As a result, he has neither the joy of the present moment, nor the satisfied accomplishments of a human lifetime, nor the perspective and immortality of the eternal.
Thomas Ligotti, Songs of a Dead Dreamer and Grimscribe|You're not supposed to talk ill of the dead, because how are they supposed to defend themselves? But what if they've done something so bad, so awful that you had to think ill of them? That you needed to.
Criss Jami, Healology|Good friends will allow you to be as innocent and free as a child when in private, and as wise and mature as an adult when in public.
C.S. Lewis|The knight is a man of blood and iron, a man familiar with the sight of smashed faces and the ragged stumps of lopped-off limbs; he is also a demure, almost maidenlike, guest in a hall, a gentle, modest, unobtrusive man. He is not compromise or happy mean between ferocity and meekness; he is fierce to the nth and meek to the nth. The man who combines both characters – the knight – is not a work of nature but of art; of that art which has human beings, instead of canvas or marble, for its medium.
Zoe Klein|I adjure you, daughters of Jerusalem,Adore to weeping,Love to laughing,Desire to praising.Tickle, giggle, kiss!Adonai my God,For one moment in love,Let alone a thousand,Let alone my life,For the honor of raising and lovingChildren in love,Praise of You is ever upon my lips.
Don DeLillo, The Names|I recollect it was settled by general consent that India was quite a misrepresented country, and had nothing objectionable in it, but a tiger or two, and a little heat in the warm part of the day.
Molly Ivins|Personally, I can't see the appeal in trekking down to D.C. for a networking extravaganza, even if it is built around a special moment in American history. While I find the election of Barack Obama inspirational, I don't have a desire to memorialize it with overly effusive celebration.
AlTonya Washington, Secrets In Love|Nicola would have to speak up, Jacob would have to shut up, and he would have to man up.
Dondi Scumaci|Play to win, not "not to lose".
Rebecca McNutt, Smog City|…Do you think there’s somewhere else, some other place to go after this one?” Mandy blurted out.“You mean when you die, where will you end up?” Alecto asked her. “…I wouldn’t know… back to whatever void there is, I suppose.”“I’ve thought about it… every living thing dies alone, it’ll be lonely after death,” Mandy sighed sadly. “That freaks me out, does it scare you?”“I don't want to be alone,” Alecto replied wearily. “We won’t be, though. We’ll be dead, so we’ll just be darkness, not much else, just memories, nostalgia and darkness.”“I don’t want to be any of that either though,” Mandy exclaimed, bursting into tears and crying, keeping her eyes to the floor, her voice shaky as she spoke to him. “When we die, we’ll still be nothing, the world will still be nothing, everything’ll just be nothing!”“You’re real though, at least that’s something,” Alecto pointed out, holding his hand out in front of her. Smiling miserably, Mandy took his hand in her own and sat there beside him quietly.
James Dyson|I'm not into politics but I am committed to a cause: ensuring design technology and engineering stays on the U.K. curriculum, alongside science and maths - grounding abstract theory, merging the practical with the academic.
Lara Biyuts, La Arme Blanche|Survival, it is called. Often it is accidental, sometimes it is engineered by creatures or forces that we have no conception of, always it is temporary.
Bhavya Kaushik|I feel like I am a diluted version of myself. A piece of crayon that was left unused. An abandoned car that was forgotten by its owner. I feel like I am a roadside accident. People are just stopping by to see the damage, but no one is trying to help me. I want you to come back and stop me from burning my own fuel. I want you to put me back in the pack of crayons. I want you to make me whole again.
Regina King|My mom used to make everything. She had a great garden and composted and made everything from scratch - peanut butter, bread, jelly, everything. I don't know how she did it because all those things take time and love and labour. I only do half the stuff she does - but there's still time.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|So don't be frightened, dear friend, if a sadness confronts you larger than any you have ever known, casting its shadow over all you do. You must think that something is happening within you, and remember that life has not forgotten you; it holds you in its hand and will not let you fall. Why would you want to exclude from your life any uneasiness, any pain, any depression, since you don't know what work they are accomplishing within you?
Robert F. Engle|I was OK in school, but I always missed a lot because I was playing so much. But if I'd stuck at it, I imagine that I'd be doing something financial or economical. Finance always attracted me, even though maths was always a bit of a love-hate relationship. I would have tried playing football, but I don't think I'd have made it.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|Above all, avoid lying, especially lying to yourself. Keep watching out for your lies, watch for them every hour, every minute. Also avoid disgust, both for others and yourself: whatever strikes you as disgusting within yourself is cleansed by the mere fact that you notice it.Avoid fear, too, although fear is really only a consequence of lies. Never be afraid of your petty selfishness when you try to achieve love and don’t be too alarmed if you act badly on occasion.
Georgette Heyer, Devil's Cub|I comfort myself with the reflection that your wife will possibly be able to curb your desire--I admit, a natural one for the most part--to exterminate your fellows.
Henry Martin, Eluding Reality|Wandering is never waste, dear boy,' he said. 'While you wander you will find much to wonder about, and wonder is the first step to creation.
Steven Norton, Fly Away Days|Remember, every time you open your mouth to talk, your mind walks out and parades up and down the words.
J.K. Rowling|-"you dress to impress"-"No Angel,I undress to impress
Jennifer  Ann, Adam's List|Here’s the thing about falling for someone who’s already given up; there’s no promise of tomorrow. There aren’t any words of comfort that can be said, no glimpse of a positive change. Every moment, every thought could be their last. It’s like you’re helplessly walking into quicksand, waiting for the muck to cover your mouth and eyes until you can no longer find a way to breathe. No, it’s more like jumping from a high bridge without the promise of water underneath.And I fucking hate heights.
David Mitchell, The Bone Clocks|A woman's voice ululated on the sound system, somewhere between an Islamic call to prayer and orgasm with a drumbeat.
Isobelle Carmody, Red Queen: Obernewtyn Chronicles: Book 7|Nezhdanov's heart began to beat violently and he lowered his eyes involuntarily. This girl, who had fallen in love with a homeless wretch like him, who trusted him, who was ready to follow him, to go with him towards one and the same goal — this wonderful girl — Marianna — at that moment was, for Nezhdanov, the embodiment of everything good and just on earth; the embodiment of that love, that of a family, sister or wife, which he had not experienced; the embodiment of homeland, happiness, struggle and freedom.
Robert Alley|The Bible is not absurd for the people who wrote it; it becomes absurd when people in our day insist on taking it literally. The Bible does not present us with material that is ridiculous in the context from which it came. The Bible springs from the context in which people then were thinking, searching, and trying to find answers .
Apollonius of Tyana|The best wisdom is earned through experience, particularly mistakes.
Shelly Laurenston, Howl for It Bundle: The Mane Event, Angel of Darkness & Howl for It|Didn’t even have to argue with her. She just told me she loved me and offered the back of her neck.” He crossed his arms over his chest. “How many pups you got with Janie Mae now, Bubba Ray . . . and still she’s as unmarked as a newborn babe. So which Smith has control of his female now, boy?
Steven Wright|If a person with multiple personalities threatens suicide, is that considered a hostage situation?
Sara Quin|I collected pictures and I drew pictures and I looked at the pictures by myself. And because no one else ever saw them, the pictures were perfect and true. They were alive.
Even Engesland|The razor hung between his shoulder-blades from a loop of cotton string round his neck inside his shirt. The same motion of the hand which brought the razor forward over his shoulder flipped the blade open and freed it from the cord, the blade opening on until the back edge of it lay across the knuckles of his fist, his thumb pressing the handle into his closing fingers, so that in the second before the half-drawn pistol exploded he actually struck at the white man's throat not with the blade but with a sweeping blow of his fist, following through in the same motion so that not even the first jet of blood touched his hand or arm.
Donna Grant, Dark Alpha's Claim|His head lowered so that his cheek softly brushed against hers. With his mouth near her ear, he whispered, "I can't keep my hands from you.
Tae Yun Kim, The First Element: Secrets to Maximizing Your Energy|Yellow is a very favorable vibration for mental or intellectual activity, as it promotes a clear state of mind. Yellow heightens your awareness and alleviates depression, sadness, or any kind of despondency. Yellow vibration foods are: pineapples, bananas, grapefruit, lemons and corn.
Karl Pilkington|That type of autograph, pictures and apparel thievery was not part of what I grew up with. I loved the artists and their music. I would be thrilled to meet them, but the thought of getting a scribble or stealing an article of clothing never occurred or appealed to me.
Norman Lock, The Boy in His Winter: An American Novel|There is an accumulative cruelty in a number of men, though none in particular are ill-natured.
Jessica Shirvington, Enticed|The fact that at the moment the distinction is being made, a young adult, as opposed to an adult, is the one reading it. In other words, I don’t entirely believe in the distinction. A great book is a great book, and it’s impossible to say what part of a person is going to connect to it.
Deepak Chopra, The Book of Secrets: Unlocking the Hidden Dimensions of Your Life|Be content not with your lot in life but with being here in the flow of life. The glories of creation are in your very cells; you are made of the same mindstuff as the angels, the stars, and god himself.
Joseph Dalton Hooker, Life and Letters of Sir Joseph Dalton Hooker O.M., G.C.S.I.|Insects are major players in nature's recycling effort, and in nature a corpse is simply organic matter to be recycled. Left to its own devices, nature quickly populates a corpse with a diverse community of organisms, all dedicated to reducing the body to its basic components.
Celeste Chaney|There is no transparency, Marus. It can’t exist. Surveillance doesn’t go both ways. There are those who watch, and those who are watched; the powerful, and the powerless.
James  Riley, Twice Upon a Time|Actually, I was prone to random acts of stupidity. I considered it to be one of my talents.
Anne Osterlund, Academy 7|When you have the same dream over and over again, your brain is trying to solve a problem. It knows there's an answer.
Ayn Rand|The only idea they have ever manifested as to what is a government of consent, is this--that it is one to which everybody must consent, or be shot.
Dan Harris, 10% Happier: How I Tamed the Voice in My Head, Reduced Stress Without Losing My Edge, and Found Self-Help That Actually Works|Cultural criticism always attacks the mass media. I don't think that makes sense. We should look more closely at the work of deformation that starts deeper down, especially because it involves so much demoralization. Something gets destroyed there that should not be destroyed under any circumstances - THE AWARENESS THAT KNOWLEDGE IS BORN OUT OF EUPHORIA AND THAT INTELLIGENCE IS A RELATIONSHIP OF THE HAPPY CONSCIOUSNESS WITH ITSELF. And that intelligence partly consists in the ability to find our own ways of overcoming the boredom that develops in an under-used brain. Across society as a whole, the most disturbing symptom is that people are no longer ambitious enough to plumb the limits of understanding within themselves. INTELLIGENCE IS THE LAST UTOPIAN POTENTIAL. THE ONLY TERRA INCOGNITA HUMANKIND STILL OWNS ARE THE GALAXIES OF THE BRAIN, THE MILKY WAYS OF INTELLIGENCE. And there is hardly any any convincing space travel in them. Incidentally, this internal astronautics is the only alternative to a consumerist perspective. It is the only thing that could explain to people in the future that their intelligence space is so immense that they can experiment with themselves for millennia without becoming exhausted. The really good news is that there is something breathtakingly great that is called intelligence and is uncharted. ARE YOU WILLING TO VOLUNTEER ?
Kahlil Gibran, Sand and Foam|Vanity and pride are different things, though the words are often used synonymously. A person may be proud without being vain. Pride relates more to our opinion of ourselves, vanity to what we would have others think of us.
Cecelia Ahern, The Gift|Believe me, when you die, it's everybody else's but your problem
Christian D. Larson, Your Forces and How to Use Them|I Would Force Myself Edge Of The Life,To Know Its Really Worthy Being Alive.
Samuel Butler|Life is like music, it must be composed by ear, feeling and instinct, not by rule. Nevertheless one had better know the rules, for they sometimes guide in doubtful cases, though not often.
George Carlin|He - and if there is a God, I am convinced he is a he, because no woman could or would ever fuck things up this badly.
Bill Maher, When You Ride Alone You Ride With Bin Laden: What the Government Should Be Telling Us to Help Fight the War on Terrorism|After September 11th, I never much liked the trend of everyone and his brother wearing the hats and jackets of the NYPD and FDNY. Only the people who do the job should get to wear the hat. Would you wear someone else's Medal of Honor?  Yes, it's a tribute, and sincere tribute is always appropriate for these brave people. But wearing their symbols is also rubbing off a piece of heroism that isn't yours.
Mike Klepper|People too often tolerate uncertainty prior to taking action; worse, some people believe that omniscience or infallibility are prerequisites for being certain, so they conclude that certainty (and therefore knowledge) is never possible. To any person who proclaims that "you can never be certain of anything", ask them: "are you sure?" and watch what happens.
E.A.A. Wilson, Ascension Denied|Meanwhile, on Earth, a completely different esoteric plane of existence, Father Chuck awoke with a jolt. This time he was sure of it. Oh dear, he’d heard the Voice of God.What had the Good Lord said? Trembling, the little priest smoothed down his mustache. He was not the right man for a calling. Not the right man at all.
Andrew Solomon, Far from the Tree: Parents, Children, and the Search for Identity|The progress of a struggling teen has less to do with the application of specific parenting techniques than with the parents’ own patient, persistent efforts to construct relationships with their son or daughter.
James Emlund|The specialty in all life is expecting the exception, while ignorant of real acceptance, until unexpectedly you re-witness your own ignorance to 'be' the cause that awakens others. One does not do this yesterday, or today. You do this with expressing honesty everyday.
Cornelia Funke, Inkheart|It was one of those bitter mornings when the whole of nature is shiny, brittle, and hard, like crystal. The trees, decked out in frost, seem to have sweated ice; the earth resounds beneath one's feet; the tiniest sounds carry a long way in the dry air; the blue sky is bright as a mirror, and the sun moves through space in icy brilliance, casting on the frozen world rays which bestow no warmth upon anything.
Seth Berkley|Although awareness of cancer's prevalence in the United States improves and medical advances in the field abound, pancreatic cancer has largely been absent from the list of major success stories.
Lizbeth Gabriel, The Theater Of Dusk|I nod in the darkness. He embraces me and before long he's fast asleep, a man with clear consiense and an open heart. I stay awake, listening to his breath and thinking of the webs we weave.
Richard Hughes, A High Wind in Jamaica|Lord Peter Wimsey: Facts, Bunter, must have facts. When I was a small boy, I always hated facts. Thought they were nasty, hard things, all nobs. Mervyn Bunter: Yes, my lord. My old mother always used to say... Lord Peter Wimsey: Your mother, Bunter? Oh, I never knew you had one. I always thought you just sort of came along already-made, so it were. Oh, excuse me. How infernally rude of me. Beg pardon, I'm sure. Mervyn Bunter: That's all right, my lord. Lord Peter Wimsey: Thank you. Mervyn Bunter: Yes indeed, I was one of seven. Lord Peter Wimsey: That is pure invention, Bunter, I know better. You are unique. But you were going to tell me about your mater. Mervyn Bunter: Oh yes, my lord. My old mother always used to say that facts are like cows. If you stare them in the face hard enough, and they generally run away. Lord Peter Wimsey: By Jove, that's courageous, Bunter. What a splendid person she must be. Mervyn Bunter: I think so, my lord.
Melina Marchetta, The Piper's Son|There. My ears are all dead. Now you try."Three times I repeated the movements she'd made. Slowly, carefully, but nothing left me with the impression that my ears had died. The wine was rapidly circulating through my system."I do believe that my ears aren't dying properly, " I said, disappointed.She shook her head. "That's okay. If your ears don't need to die, there's nothing wrong with them not dying.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Beyond Good and Evil|Men have hitherto treated women like birds which have strayed down to them from the heights; as something more delicate, more fragile, more savage, stranger, sweeter, soulful – but as something which has to be caged up so that it shall not fly away.
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni|I've been playing on Christmas for the last 10, 11, 12 years. So just got to get up early with the babies, and give them their toys and try to get a nap in and just come to play.
Deyth Banger|I think you are falling into the very general error of confining the spiritual world to the supremely good; but the supremely wicked, necessarily, have their portion in it. The merely carnal, sensual man can no more be a great sinner than he can be a great saint. Most of us are just indifferent, mixed-up creatures; we muddle through the world without realizing the meaning and the inner sense of things, and consequently, our wickedness and our goodness are alike second-rate, unimportant.
Saminu Kanti|The goal is World and Inner Peace, Love, and Happiness for everyone. And a higher standard of living. No one can make it happen alone. But we can all “think globally, act locally” and try to act like a team. We don’t know unless we try to make this happen.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you accept the situation, you will find strength for strategic adaptation.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Avonlea|Children expect their mothers to love them, no matter what. Those who don't get this tend to feel cheated the rest of their lives.
Gina Wings, Secrets of a Perfect Hair Color: Adventures of an Urban Woman|We're told perfection doesn't exist, but that couldn't be true. Maybe perfection couldn't last, but it certainly could occur. It had to, because as I stood there staring at this beautifully flawed girl and realized she was mine, no moment had ever felt so perfect.
Jeanette Winterson, Written on the Body|Many waters cannot quench love, neither can floods drown it. What then kills love? Only this: Neglect.
José Saramago, Skylight|She saw the faces streaming past her, the faces made alike by fear—fear as a common denominator, fear of themselves, fear of all and of one another, fear making them ready to pounce upon whatever was held sacred by any single one they met... She had kept herself clean and free in a single passion—to touch nothing. She had liked facing them in the streets, she had liked the impotence of their hatred, because she offered them nothing to be hurt.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|An act of redemption, the ultimate act of personal grace, is an undervalued form of courage.
Isa Kamari, The Tower|Publishers, readers, booksellers, even critics, acclaim the novel that one can deliciously sink into, forget oneself in, the novel that returns us to the innocence of childhood or the dream of the cartoon, the novel of a thousand confections and no unwanted significance. What becomes harder to find, and lonelier to defend, is the idea of the novel as—in Ford Madox Ford’s words—a “medium of profoundly serious investigation into the human case.
Stephen Hawking|We have but one flag, one country; let us stand together. We may differ in color, but not in sentiment. Many things have been said about me which are wrong, and which white and black persons here, who stood by me through the war, can contradict.
Andre Dubus III|Children do not give up their innate imagination, curiosity, dreaminess easily. You have to love them to get them to do that.
Ronda Thompson, Confessions of a Werewolf Supermodel|CONFESSION NO. 1 Most women find the bloating, cramping, and bitchiness of PMS bothersome at worst. I turn into a monster a week before my period…literally.
Debasish Mridha|To find a peaceful world, a man of wisdom creates peace within himself.
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross|The patriot who feels himself in the service of God, who acknowledges Him in all his ways, has the promise of Almighty direction, and will find His Word in his greatest darkness.
Ronnie McBrayer, Leaving Religion, Following Jesus|Jesus and institutional religion are on a collision course, and those who go with Jesus will find more adventure, freedom, and religion-bursting grace than they can stand, all the things that make traveling worth the effort. But they will also find clash and conflict. The path of Jesus is not well tolerated by the establishment.
Chris Hardwick|There's a good chance that if you're talking to me when I'm snoring, it means I'm bored.
Sandra Buckley, Broken Silence: Voices of Japanese Feminism|In any East Asian culture, you will find that women have a very tangible power within the household. This is often rejcted by non-Asian feminists who argue that it is not real power, but.. Japanese women look at the low status attributed to the domestic labor of housewives in North America and feel that this amounts to a denigration of a fundamental social role - whether it is performed by a man or a woman.
Kate Jacobs, The Friday Night Knitting Club|Women do amazing, creative, wonderful things.
Margaret Atwood, Morning in the Burned House|She’s a lean vixen: I can seethe ribs, the slytrickster’s eyes, filled with longing and desperation, the skinnyfeet, adept at lies.Why encourage the notionof virtuous poverty?It’s only an excusefor zero charity.Hunger corrupts, and absolute hungercorrupts absolutely,
Terry Pratchett|The sun set, which is everyday magic...
Rochelle A.|When you're depressed and you think of killing yourself. Stop. If you're afraid to talk about your problems to someone, write down your thoughts, your feelings; let your frustrations go. Nobody has to see what you write but you. It's like writing to your good self until you find that version of you again. Don't give up on yourself. You're amazing.
Ta-Nehisi Coates|Pity the cat, thinks the writer, for I live as many lives as I can imagine.
S. Gregory|When he came back, I hid my face within my hands. He said: "Fear nothing. Who has seen our kiss? --Who saw us? The night and the moon.""And the stars and the first flush of dawn. The moon has seen its visage in the lake, and told it to the water 'neath the willows. The water told it to the rower's oar."And the oar has told it to the boat, and the boat has passed the secret to the fisher. Alas! alas! if that were only all! But the fisher told the secret to a woman."The fisher told the secret to a woman: my father and my mother and my sisters, and all of Hellas now shall know the tale.
Diana Gabaldon, Dragonfly in Amber|No. Ye loved him. I canna hold it against either of you that ye mourn him. And it gives me some comfort to know ..." He hesitated, and I reached up to smooth the rumpled hair off his face."To know what?""That should the need come, you might mourn for me that way," he said softly.
Agatha Christie, Evil Under the Sun|Because that’s what parents do, without even thinking about it, that’s what parents do. They fill their children with love and understanding and compassion and knowledge so that when they’re adults no one can extinguish them. They’ll burn so bright they can’t be brought down.
Junot Diaz|As six-time world karate champion and then a movie star, I put too much trust in who I was, what I could do, and what I acquired. I forgot how much I needed others and especially God.
Rodolphe Kasser, The Gospel of Judas Together with the Letter of Peter to Phillip, James, and a Book of Allogenes from Codex Tchacos|Judas said, "Master, as you have listened to all of them, now also listen to me. For I have seen a great vision." And when Jesus heard this, he laughed and said to him, "You thirteenth daimon, why do you try so hard? But speak up, and I shall bear with you.
Spencer Gordon, Cosmo|This is the Southland burr, the only distinctive regional accent in the country. It's a soft appealing noise, deriving, I presume, from the Sottish settlers, but resembling no known Scottish accent. It's simply Kiwi English with added r's.
Rabindranath Tagore|Weeds are flowers too, once you get to know them.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you try to cultivate your talents in someone else’s shadow, they might wilt.
Ellen Ochoa|The extent of your consciousness is limited only by your ability to love and to embrace with your love the space around you, and all it contains.
Mathew N.  Schmalz, Mercy Matters: Opening Yourself to the Life-Changing Gift|Apologies often cannot undo pain; but they can acknowledge it. And part of the cruelty of bullying is that the bruises it leaves are on the inside—it’s a hidden form of violence, shrouded by shame.
James A. Murphy, The Waves of Life Quotes and Daily Meditations|All you need in life is to know thyself; to live with the knowledge that it’s just life and that's the way it is. You need a sense of what your life means to you, the appreciation of yourself, your friendships and the love of others. You need a desire to grow as a person, to discover what your gifts in life are to yourself, others, and the world. You are the only you in the world. Embrace who you are....
Yudhanjaya Wijeratne, Numbercaste|Beautiful women have a following all their own. If that sounds misogynistic, I’m sorry, that’s the way the world works. Homer said the Greeks went to war over a woman. I can’t get a battle, but I can get a few hundred thousand views with the right face in a skirt.
Florence Nightingale|If I could give you information of my life it would be to show how a woman of very ordinary ability has been led by God in strange and unaccustomed paths to do in His service what He has done in her. And if I could tell you all, you would see how God has done all, and I nothing. I have worked hard, very hard, that is all; and I have never refused God anything.
Jennifer Love Hewitt|I'd always thought hurricanes were romantic, with pretty feminine names like Celestine.
Cristiane Serruya, Trust: Betrayed|Sometimes, silence speaks louder than words. Just because it is peaceful, it doesn’t mean it is still and void, as a few may think. It is insightful, powerful and full of meaning. It is when one can’t lie to oneself. You have to learn to listen to what she is not saying. Listen to her silence. And listen to yours, too.
Mahatma Gandhi|An error does not become truth by reason of multiplied propagation, nor does the truth become error because nobody will see it. 1924-1926)
Sahithi Setikam, A Quick Journey From Being Single to Somebody's World|If you can't take care of yourself, you can't take care of someone else.
Violet Blue, The Smart Girl's Guide to Privacy|No sooner is there a good thing in the world, than a division is necessary.
Penelope Douglas, Until You|Dust everywhere... and out of that emerged this beautiful boy with the bluest eyes I'd ever seen, holding his hand out to help me to my feet.
Naomi Wolf, The Beauty Myth|What little girls learn is not the desire for the other, but the desire to be desired.
Chloe Thurlow, Katie in Love|Love is possession, a sort of vanity.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If you can get others to believe that your random guesses are actual answers, they’ll never guess that you never understood the question in the first place.
Corrie ten Boom|We never know how God will answer our prayers, but we can expect that He will get us involved in His plan for the answer. If we are true intercessors, we must be ready to take part in God’s work on behalf of the people for whom we pray.
Steve Martin|When grandpa was ill and could've died, I would have swapped all my record sales so he could get well. He is the reason I am a singer. He was my best friend growing up.
Patti Smith|What I wanted to do in rock 'n roll was merge poetry with sonic scapes, and the two people who had contributed so much to that were Jimi Hendrix and Jim Morrison.
Christos Tsiolkas|The best way of writing sex scenes is to do the first draft, orgasm, and then start editing. You can be objective post-orgasm.
Elder Porphyrios|...Love Christ and put nothing before His Love. He is joy, He is life, He is light. Christ is Everything. He is the ultimate desire, He is everything. Everything beautiful is in Christ.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Belief consists in accepting the affirmations of the soul; unbelief, in denying them.
Auliq Ice|If there is possbility of the ability, I will choose flexibility.
N.D. Wilson, Notes From The Tilt-A-Whirl: Wide-Eyed Wonder in God's Spoken World|Your mind is the paintbrush, the earth is your easel. Create your masterpeice
Slavoj Žižek, In Defence of the Terror: Liberty or Death in the French Revolution|Among all the many great transitions that have marked the evolution of Western civilisation ... there has been only one—the triumph of Christianity —that can be called in the fullest sense a "revolution": a truly massive and epochal revision of humanity's prevailing vision of reality, so pervasive in its influence and so vast in its consequences as to actually have created a new conception of the world, of history, of human nature, of time, and of the moral good.
Kiana Davenport, Shark Dialogues|She was kahuna, creating more life around her than was actually there, heightening the momentousness of each living thing by simply gazing upon it.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Those who try to kill the body violate God's law. Those who try to kill the soul also violate God's law, even though their crime is less visible to others."By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept
Sarah Mayberry, Cruise Control|Suddenly he caught his reflection in the mirror behind her. His face was twisted into a dark scowl, and he was standing there naked, with a boner, and another man’s business card in his hand.He looked like a dick.
Shinichi Suzuki, Nurtured by Love: The Classic Approach to Talent Education|Kitsch is the most pernicious of all prisons. The bars are covered with the gold of simplistic, unreal feelings, so that you take them for the pillars of a palace.
Kerri Maniscalco, Stalking Jack the Ripper|When we are nice to others, we generally lose all claim to their respect.
Debasish Mridha M.D.|With your life, you are writing the history of the universe.
Leo Varadkar|My favourite authors are John Grisham and Jeffrey Archer. Grisham rapidly established himself and now completely owns the legal space of fiction writing, something I want to do in financial space. I like Archer because he keeps his readers engaged: every chapter is a page turner, and he keeps his writing simple.
Johnny Isakson|People are always fascinated by infidelity because, in the end - whether we've had direct experience or not - there's part of you that knows there's absolutely no more piercing betrayal. People are undone by it.
Siddhartha Mukherjee|I've never really understood the criticism that climbing is inherently selfish, since it could equally be argued about virtually any other hobby or sport. Is gardening selfish?
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|You are not a small and unimportant creature confined to the form of this physical body, contrary to popular belief. At the core of your being you are pure awareness, and this awareness is the same source from which everything in the Universe arises, exists as, and returns to. Consciousness is the dimension of yourself that you have forgotten you are, and of which you long to return to.
Nikki Rowe|Rather than whinge on how another has treated you, give a thought to what it is your upset with? Is It really them or is it yourself.. Did they cross a boundary or have you not set one? Did they communicate rudely or are you not listening intently. We so often blame, because it's easier than to confront our vulnerable selves. But the truth is, no one can make you feel inferior if you do not give them the power!
Stephan Pastis|When you see the same familiar faces, it's nice when you get a chance to play with the same musicians. You start to develop this shorthand so everybody knows where you're at and where you're going, but then again, there are always surprises. But the more people are comfortable with the material, the more free you can be with the music.
Steve Bivans, Be a Hobbit, Save the Earth: the Guide to Sustainable Shire Living|Oh, man," he mumbled with a full mouth. "At least the food is good.
Alexis Steinhauer, Dragon's Flight|If we only arrange our life in accordance with the principle which tells us that we must always trust in the difficult, then what now appears to us as the most alien will become our most intimate and trusted experience. How could we forget those ancient myths that stand at the beginning of all races, the myths about dragons that at the last moment are transformed into princesses? Perhaps all the dragons in our lives are princesses who are only waiting to see us act, just once, with beauty and courage.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|A maid’s yard, house, wardrobe, fridge, etc. sometimes also serve as her master’s dustbin or dumpsite.
Heidi Cullinan, Love Lessons|She bit her lower lip hard and blinked her eyes. There was such wistfulness and longing in his voice. Oh, she was going to give him back his eyes, or the next best thing, if it took her the rest of her life to do it.
Alan W. Watts, The Book on the Taboo Against Knowing Who You Are|Make a spurious division of one process into two, forget that you have done it, and then puzzle for centuries as to how the two get together.
Dean Hughes, Four-Four-Two|It struck Yuki as almost comic that humans drew lines on the globe, and on both sides of those lines raised up armies. Then they fought and died to take possession of...what? Hills. Yuki knew he had to fight, and had to win, but that didn't make war anything to be proud of.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|By betrayal, I mean promising to be on your side, then being on somebody else's.
Jim Harrison|Temptation is like a knife, that may either cut the meat or the throat of a man; it may be his food or his poison, his exercise or his destruction.
Colin G. Calloway, The Scratch of a Pen: 1763 and the Transformation of North America|A cardinal tenet of conservatism is that social inertia is – and ought to be – strong. It discourages and, if necessary, defeats the political grandiosity of those who would attempt to engineer the future by rupturing connections with the past.
Megan Devine, It's Ok That You're Not Ok: Meeting Grief and Loss in a Culture That Doesn't Understand|Some things cannot be fixed; they can only be carried. Grief like yours, love like yours, can only be carried.Survival in grief, even eventually building a new life alongside grief, comes with the willingness to bear witness, both to yourself and to the others who find themselves inside this life they didn’t see coming. Together, we create real hope for ourselves,and for one another. We need each other to survive.I wish this for you: to find the people you belong with, the ones who will see your pain, companion you, hold you close,even as the heavy lifting of grief is yours alone. As hard as they may seem to find at times, your community is out there. Lookfor them. Collect them. Knit them into a vast flotilla of light that can hold you.
Lucille Roybal-Allard|Hard as it is to imagine, there's a move afoot in Congress to take away the public's free online access to tax-funded medical research findings. That would be bad for medical discovery, bad for patients looking for the latest research results, and another rip-off of the American taxpayer.
Wally Lamb, Couldn't Keep it to Myself:  Wally Lamb and the Women of York Correctional Institution|I started writing because of a terrible feeling of powerlessness," the novelist Anita Brookner has said. The National Book Award winner Alice McDermott noted that the most difficult thing about becoming a writer was convincing herself that she had anything to say that people would want to read. "There's nothing to writing," the columnist Red Smith once commented. "All you do is sit down at a typewriter and open a vein.
Roezeay Dube|If you walk out on me, i'm not walking out after you.
Jake Epstein|It's very important to enjoy time alone with yourself and just existing, because existence is kind of cool.
John Henry Newman|I shall drink to the Pope, if you please, still, to conscience first, and to the Pope afterwards.
Jason Fried, Remote: Office Not Required|Whatever robe of honor or deceit people may wear, I will still treat everyone with kindness
Robertson Davies, Tempest-Tost|Worry is like a squatter: it sneaks in and tries to stay without paying rent! Serve it eviction papers"! HS/el
Abraham Lincoln|A Bill of Rights is what the people are entitled to against every government, and what no just government should refuse, or rest on inference.
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|Look, look,' cried the count, seizing the young man's hands - "look, for on my soul it is curious. Here is a man who had resigned himself to his fate, who was going to the scaffold to die - like a coward, it is true, but he was about to die without resistance. Do you know what gave him strength? - do you know what consoled him? It was, that another partook of his punishment - that another partook of his anguish - that another was to die before him. Lead two sheep to the butcher's, two oxen to the slaughterhouse, and make one of them understand that his companion will not die; the sheep will bleat for pleasure, the ox will bellow with joy. But man - man, who God created in his own image - man, upon whom God has laid his first, his sole commandment, to love his neighbour - man, to whom God has given a voice to express his thoughts - what is his first cry when he hears his fellowman is saved? A blasphemy. Honour to man, this masterpiece of nature, this king of the creation!
Craig Van Gelder, The Essence of the Church: A Community Created by the Spirit|Christian community is like the Christian's sanctification. It is a gift of God which we cannot claim. Only God knows the real state of our fellowship, of our sanctification. What may appear weak and trifling to us may be great and glorious to God. Just as the Christian should not be constantly feeling his spiritual pulse, so, too, the Christian community has not been given to us by God for us to be constantly taking its temperature. The more thankfully we daily receive what is given to us, the more surely and steadily will fellowship increase and grow from day to day as God pleases.
John Piper, The Pleasures of God: Meditations on God's Delight in Being God|Without a spiritual wakefulness to divine purposes and connections in all things, we will not know things for what they truly are.
Shannon L. Alder|Chasing a man is not winning. The only thing you win is the loss of your dignity. Confidence is knowing your value, instead of expecting a man’s love to provide you with value.
Russell Brand|Amy [Winehouse] increasingly became defined by her addiction. Our media though is more interested in tragedy than talent, so the ink began to defect from praising her gift to chronicling her downfall. The destructive personal relationships, the blood soaked ballet slippers, the aborted shows, that YouTube madness with the baby mice. In the public perception this ephemeral tittle-tattle replaced her timeless talent. This and her manner in our occasional meetings brought home to me the severity of her condition. Addiction is a serious disease; it will end with jail, mental institutions, or death.
Vikram Seth|I like the beauty of Faulkner's poetry. But I don't like his themes, not at all.
Shannon L. Alder|Right person, wrong timing doesn’t mean God was wrong. It means you were there at the right time to fulfill something else. Look for it.
zeru amare|Thinking to do or not to do is not the right thing to do,just think the right way and do it
Silvia Hartmann|If you are HUMAN, then the limit of what you can do, what you learn, what you can experience HAS NOT YET BEEN REACHED.
Euginia Herlihy|God promised you to give you dreams and visions, see Him as your great dream/vision giver.
John Desmond Bernal|Personally, I would sooner have written Alice in Wonderland than the whole Encyclopedia Britannica.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, Tender Is the Night|Their point of resemblance to each other and their difference from so many American women, lay in the fact that they were all happy to exist in a man's world--they preserved their individuality through men and not by opposition to them. They would all three have made alternatively good courtesans or good wives not by the accident of birth but through the greater accident of finding their man or not finding him.
Carol P. Christ|True love makes the thought of death frequent, easy, without terrors; it merely becomes the standard of comparison, the price one would pay for many things.
Jennifer Paynter, Mary Bennet|No nation's flag is great or glorious if it flies over the weak and downtrodden, even if they raise and protect it out of misguided allegiance.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|If God is for us, who can be against us?
Amy Efaw, After|I am not "cured"--I know I never will be. I will always crave that pain to keep me centered. I will always be just a little astounded when I get through a crisis without putting a blade to my flesh.
Socrates|I think what's been lacking from our discussion for a long time is really that other part of what a Budget chair does, which is set the priorities for this country in terms of making sure we invest in the right places, in education, in job training, and to make sure we do a balanced approach moving forward.
Stacey T. Hunt|Life never goes according to plan. That's okay, because often our plans are much smaller than life intends. Probably EASIER, but smaller.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|Will: I've never seen anyone get so excited over books before. You'd think they were diamonds.Tessa: Well, they are, aren't they? Isn't there anything you love like that?
Michael Chang|In the car on my way to premieres and awards shows, I'll sit with tissue paper under my armpits so I don't soil the delicate dress fabric. The whole time, I'm telling myself, 'Please don't sweat, please don't sweat.' I throw the tissues out right before I step out of the car, and nobody ever knows! I just put on a smile and fake it.
Allen West|The United States is a giant island of freedom, achievement, wealth and prosperity in a world hostile to our values.
Tadeusz Konwicki, A Minor Apocalypse|The reality is that old houses that were built a hundred years ago were built by actual craftsmen, people who were the best in the world at what they did. The little nuances in the woodwork, the framing of the doors, the built-in nooks, the windows—all had been done by smart, talented people, and I quickly found that uncovering those details and all of that character made the house more inviting and more attractive and more alive.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|Why do you think politicians send soldiers to the wars they declare, if, of course, they still go to the bother of declaring them. . . . mediation, keeping a distance from the actual events and being privileged enough not to have to witness them.
Sunday Adelaja|For you to be successful in your promised land, you must study the land
Karl Lagerfeld|I’m very much down to earth, just not this earth.
Thomm Quackenbush, Pagan Standard Times: Essays on the Craft|Pagans earn their reputations for relaxed sexual mores, often in rebellion from the repression of their religions during adolescence. At a Pagan festival, one need only lower one's guard to be offered sex under the cloaking of the sacred.
Anthony Liccione|Foolishness sleeps soundly, while knowledge turns with each thinking hour, longing for the dawn of answers.
Anthony D. Ravenscroft, Polyamory: Roadmaps for the Clueless and Hopeful: An Introduction on Polyamory|A real relationship doesn't properly begin until the NRE burns away. That's when you have to start dealing with this person as an all-around human being, replete with irritating little habits. When disillusion sets in, love can begin.
Tom Robbins|I wasn't aiming at the school bus, but of course I got expelled anyway.
Ann Patchett|She didn't know how to hate her mother yet, but every time she left her father crying in the airport she came that much closer to figuring it out.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We should begin the day with the Bible, and as it comes to a close let the Word speak its wisdom to our souls. Let it be the Staff of Life upon which our spirit is nourished. Let it be the Sword of the Spirit which cuts away the evil of our lives and fashions us in His image and likeness.
L.A. Weatherly, Angel Fire|I want to see the front of you.”“That’s what all the girls say.”“Do you expect me to roll you over? ’Cuz I will.”“Your mate’s not going to like this.”“As if that’s going to bother you?”“True. It actually makes it worth the effort.”With a groan, he shoved his palms into the shimmering silver pool of blood beneath him, and flopped over like the side of beef he was.“Wow,” she breathed.“I know, right? Hung like a horse.”“If you’re really nice—and you live through this—I’ll promise not to tell V.”“About my size.”She laughed a little. “No, that you assumed I’d look at you in any fashion other than professionally.
Ashley Ormon|We cannot expect to grow if we are too afraid or unwilling to change and face challenges. When we exit our everyday, mundane lifestyles to do something different we can experience growth, undiscovered strength, and new abilities within ourselves.
Karl Lagerfeld|Believe it or not, one teacher used to call me a giant spastic for not being able to play football.
Natasha McNeely, Under the Stairs|Writing is my dream. From romance to dragons; fairies to fantasy worlds, this is where I live and play. Thanks be to God!
Ann Aguirre, Enclave|Fury invaded where fear dare not. The thirst for revenge still burned his throat and coated his tongue. The last few days, he'd been a complete ass, visiting violence on his brothers because he could, because they would take it, because, in the end, they were the same. Monsters all.
Steve Almond, My Life in Heavy Metal: Stories|This, it would turn out, is the main thing we had in common: a susceptibility to the brassy escapism of myth.
Charles Dickens, A Tale of Two Cities|She turned to Stephanie. "I'm going to the bathroom. You coming?" "Yes, since women have to travel in pairs." Tonya chuckled. Once that were around the corner, Stephanie pounced. "Holy crap! I've never seen you like that before. Not that I ever had the chance, but holy shit, Tonya, you need to jump on this train. I think it's coming for you whether you want it to or not.
Nick Hornby, Juliet, Naked|Aves hasn’t mentioned a boyfriend,” Lock chimed in, “and we’re just dying to hear all about you.” Liar. My friends were filthy lying sadists.
Paloma Faith|Seth Green, he and I are trying to figure out how this all came about. Because we don't remember what came first, the chicken or the egg, no pun intended. But I don't remember what came first, 'Robot Chicken' or our friendship, because we've known each other for so long.
Pope Benedict XVI|The human person finds his perfection "in seeking and loving what is true and good.
Andrew Ross Sorkin|I started, actually, in journalism when I was - well. I started at the 'New York Times' when I was 18 years old, actually, but really got into journalism when I was 15 years old and had started a sports magazine which was trying to become a national sports magazine.
Simon Pegg, Nerd Do Well|Remember when only a few people had mobile phones. Generally regarded as an object of derision, you would occasionally see business types clutching those ridiculous grey bricks to their faces and mutter to yourself 'what a prick.' Nowadays, an eyebrow hardly even flutters when we see a ten-year-old child happily texting away. You probably wouldn't notice anyway; you'd be too busy downloading an app that could definitively pinpoint who it was that had just farted in your tube carriage.
Garry Kasparov, Winter Is Coming: Why Vladimir Putin and the Enemies of the Free World Must Be Stopped|As long as there exist stupid people supporting stupid governments in their countries, people living in those countries will continue fluttering badly in the cesspool created by this utter foolishness!
Abhijit Naskar, 7 Billion Gods: Humans Above All|Prayers bring comfort, not change. Change requires tangible human efforts.
Margaret Mahy|How do you feel?"Her pupils were dilated, her cheeks flushed. "Like I want you to kiss me again."And _that_ was the invitation he'd been waiting for.
Omar El Akkad, American War|And what she understood-what none of the ones who came to touch Simon’s forehead understood-was that the misery of war represented the world’s only truly universal language. Its native speakers occupied different ends of the world, and the prayers they recited were not the same and the empty superstitions to which they clung so dearly were not the same-and yet they were. War broke them the same way, made them scared and angry and vengeful the same way. In times of peace and good fortune they were nothing alike, but stripped of these things they were kin. The universal slogan of war, she’d learned, was simple: If it had been you, you’d have done no different.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Men were not supposed to be mushy, but one thing his mother taught him was that it was better to understand your feelings than hide from them
Abbas Kiarostami|All slang is metaphor, and all metaphor is poetry.
Gloria D. Gonsalves, I Am Tausi|Many years ago, I left my home country very narrow minded. Today I return with an educated mind, able to understand why my culture is as it is and still be very proud of it.
|Whatever life throws at you, don't turn your back on it; face it, and turn it into a future testimony.
Steven Weinberg|You claim that the evidentiary miracle is present and available, namely, the Koran. You say: 'Whoever denies it, let him produce a similar one.' Indeed, we shall produce a thousand similar, from the works of rhetoricians, eloquent speakers and valiant poets, which are more appropriately phrased and state the issues more succinctly. They convey the meaning better and their rhymed prose is in better meter. … By God what you say astonishes us! You are talking about a work which recounts ancient myths, and which at the same time is full of contradictions and does not contain any useful information or explanation. Then you say: 'Produce something like it'‽
Stephen King, Rita Hayworth and Shawshank Redemption: A Story from Different Seasons|Some birds are not meant to be caged, that's all. Their feathers are too bright, their songs too sweet and wild.
David Suzuki|As you heat the planet up, it's just like boiling a pot.
Ta-Nehisi Coates|We are captured, brother, surrounded by the majoritarian bandits of America. And this has happened here, in our only home, and the terrible truth is that we cannot will ourselves to an escape on our own. Perhaps that was, is, the hope of the movement: to awaken the Dreamers, to rouse them to the facts of what their need to be white, to talk like they are white, to think that they are white, which is to think that they are beyond the design flaws of humanity, has done to the world.
Pedro Antonio de Alarcón, Ghostly By Gaslight|When they had ended their prayers, the Angel of Death recovered his loquacity and his gayety and ascending the chariot again, preceded by Gil Gil, spoke as follows.'The village you see on that mountain is Gethsemane. In it was the Garden of Olives. On the other side you can distinguish an eminence crowned by a temple which stands out against a starry sky - that is Golgotha. There I passed the greatest day of my existence. I thought I had vanquished God himself - and vanquished he was for some hours. But, alas! on that mount, too, it was that three days later I saw myself disarmed and my power brought to naught on the morning of a certain Sunday. Jesus had risen from the dead. There, too, took place on the same occasion my great single combat with Nature. There took place my duel with her, that terrible duel (at the third hour of the day, I remember it well), when, as soon as she saw me thrust the lance of Longinus in the breast of the Saviour she began to throw stones at me, to upturn the cemeteries, to bring the dead to life, and I know not what besides. I thought poor Nature had lost her senses.'The Angel of Death seemed to reflect for a moment... ("The Friend of Death")
Spiros Doikas, No Sex Please, We're Brutish!: The Exploits of a Greek Student in Britain|The penis, often regarded as a weapon, is also a burden, the male curse.
Sunday Adelaja|The ambiance of every environment in a country is the value system of the given nation. It is that culture that influences how citizens of a nation react, respond and behave among themselves in regards to politics, commerce, family and social life.
Steven Pinker, How the Mind Works|Blame is a human concept, one of its blackest and most selfish and self-binding.
Addison Moore, Vex|Sometimes, unexpected things can happen.
Keanu Reeves|Let your mind alone, and see what happens.
Tony Buon, The Leadership Coach|One journalist complemented another that his article on a dispute, "had made both sides see themselves as they are.
Gini Koch, Touched by an Alien|We'll fight back, we'll fight back, we'll fight back," a man near Doctor Stockstill was chanting. Stockstill looked at him in astonishment, wondering who he would fight back against. Things were falling on them; did the man intend to fall back upward into the sky in some sort of revenge?
Charisse Montgomery, Home Care CEO: A Parent's Guide to Managing In-home Pediatric Nursing|Parents of medically fragile children find themselves becoming experts in lots of different areas, including laws and regulations, research and treatments, and the various specialists that support the health of their children.
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|Topology is destiny,' he said, and put the drawers on. One leg at a time.
Kasie West, Lucky in Love|You need to empty your mind, and relax each other muscle group until you feel like you are going to melt into the floor. Then you just let it all go. All the expectations, all the unneeded worry, all the things other people want for you but you don't want for yourself.
Andy Roddick|You must know that Iran has a great number of productions. Many films are released. Most of them, like in the rest of the world, are commercial and shallow films. These are the most popular ones. And there are a few ones that actually develop more profound and thoughtful aspects of life. Only some of these films travel out of Iran.
Katie Reus, Enemy Mine|One night of hot sex should have been easy enough to forget, but she couldn't get the images of their intertwined, naked bodies or his intoxicating scent out of her head.
Zia Haider Rahman, In the Light of What We Know|Everyone, he continued, wants his life to stand for something other than what it would, which is about eighty years – in the West, at any rate – eighty years of working, eating, sleeping, shitting, breeding, and dying. Lives of buttoning and unbuttoning – who said that?
Teresa Santoski, Prayers for Oppa: From K-Pop to J-Pop, a Devotional for Performers & Their Fans|Prayer, in essence, is conversation with God. You can talk to Him about anything and everything - He loves to hear from His children. Praise Him for His incredible love, tell Him why you love your favorite song, ask Him for help with problems at home, work or school and thank Him for His responses.
Denice Envall|I dream of you every day. I make up scenarios where everything is forgiven, where everything is fixed. Deep down I know our situation is unfixable, and even worse - you don't want it. But I do. I want it so bad I look past your wrongdoings. I forgive you even though you never apologized. I'm just a fool. A fool made for your amusement. Forever yours.
Charles Bukowski, Pulp|Life wore a man out, wore a man thin.Tomorrow would be a better day.
Sebastian Junger, Tribe: On Homecoming and Belonging|You’re brave. You’re good. Why would you hesitate to explore yourself? Your dark nooks and crannies? With someone who is fascinated by the whole of you? You aren’t a bad woman, merely a human one, which entails a certain amount of”—he cocked his head—“‘awfulness,’ as you call it.
Penn Jillette|What's aero braking? That's a way to use the gravity and upper atmosphere of Earth to sling shot a ship out either deeper into space, or slow it down to be 'captured' by Earth's gravity.
Jacques Lacan|Meaning is produced not only by the relationship between the signifier and the signified but also, crucially, by the position of the signifiers in relation to other signifiers.
Sage Steadman, Upon Destiny's Song|She took comfort in the familiarity of his smell, knowing that if she lost all her possessions and her home, at least she would have her family.
Toba Beta|Feeling of hatred unto your enemy, drains your energy as enemy wanted.
Helen Steiner Rice|They are Man's and they cling to me, appealing from their fathers. This boy is Ignorance and this girl is Want. Beware them both, and all of their degree, but most of all beware this boy for on his brow I see that written which is Doom, unless the writing be erased.
Sam Harris|I couldn't have foreseen all the good things that have followed my mother's death. The renewed energy, the surprising sweetness of grief. The tenderness I feel for strangers on walkers. The deeper love I have for my siblings and friends. The desire to play the mandolin. The gift of a visitation.
Dejan Stojanovic, The Sign and Its Children|From everything, nothing looks to nothing.
Yitzhak Rabin|We must think differently, look at things in a different way. Peace requires a world of new concepts, new definitions.
Melanie Lynskey|Home will always be Northern Ireland but my schedule means for the next few years I won't be there as much. I can't do the same things that I did a year ago. That is I'm something conscious of, but I'm not sad about it. It's fine.
Patricia Hampl, I Could Tell You Stories: Sojourns in the Land of Memory|We carry our wounds and perhaps even worse, our capacity to wound, forward with us. If we learn not only to tell our stories but to listen to what our stories tell us ... we are doing the work of memory.
Xinran, Miss Chopsticks|The more you read, the more you want to know, and so the more questions you have.
Germany Kent, You Are What You Tweet: Harness the Power of Twitter to Create a Happier, Healthier Life|Strive to be a person of action, good deeds and a willing vessel of hope.
Stephen Potter|Your function as a critic is to show that it is really you yourself who should have written the book, if you had had the time, and since you hadn't you are glad that someone else had, although obviously it might have been done better.
Nancy B. Brewer, Letters from Lizzie|Papa had always told Justine that guns had a remarkable capacity to focus the mind. She couldn’t say with any confidence that her actions had cleared the minds of the drunken louts before her, but she’d sharpened their attention. They gaped at her, slack-mouth and stupefied, trying to make sense of what their bleary eyes told them.
Thomas Henry Huxley, The Advance of Science in the Last Half-Century|From the dawn of exact knowledge to the present day, observation, experiment, and speculation have gone hand in hand; and, whenever science has halted or strayed from the right path, it has been, either because its votaries have been content with mere unverified or unverifiable speculation (and this is the commonest case, because observation and experiment are hard work, while speculation is amusing); or it has been, because the accumulation of details of observation has for a time excluded speculation.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|Sitting in his old schoolroom on the sofa with little cushions on the arms and looking into Natasha's wildly eager eyes, Rostov was carried back into that world of home and childhood which had no meaning for anyone else, but gave him some of the greatest pleasure in his life.
Teresa R. Funke, Bursts of Brilliance for a Creative Life blog|Let's make room for the kind of art that challenges us, pushes boundaries, stirs and inspires, and takes our breath away with its uniqueness. Let's reconnect with our artist souls and trust that if we make good art, we'll make good money.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|The bubble had subsided, leaving only a tiny scar, but the irrational fear of water never quite left her. I never allowed her to forget, not for a moment.
Thomas Brooks|There are no souls in the world that are so fearful to judge others as those that do most judge themselves, nor so careful to make a righteous judgment of men or things as those that are most careful to judge themselves.
Nick Clegg|But I try to steal other moments. Sometimes I get up very early in the morning and enjoy a quiet house and cup of tea before the craziness begins. Other times, I'll take a quick walk on the beach. You can find peace in a few minutes.
William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet|Everyone have two faces, but mine are twins.
Lyle Rubins|It's not about the speed of the river, but flow of the current.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|And I'd learned, the hard way, that sometimes, even with the purest intentions, we make things worse when we do our best to make things better.
John Stahl-Wert, The Serving Leader: Five Powerful Actions to Transform Your Team, Business, and Community|The more you teach your people to not need you, the greater your value.
Jay McLean, More Than This|Every Princess has one Prince to share the loves and joys of life, and do you know how that Princess knows which Prince is hers?”“How Mommy?”“From the kiss.”“But how?”“The very first kiss with your Prince will change your life. When your lips touch for the first time, the earth will feel like it stops moving, but in the same moment, the world around you spins. It’ll feel like fireworks in the night sky. Like a bright light in the darkness. You’ll feel your heart beat fast in your ears but silence will surround you. And when you pull apart and open your eyes and look at each other, and really see each other. You’ll know it in that moment, through that kiss, that you’ve just let someone own a piece of your heart, and you’ll live happily ever after.
Shirley Rousseau Murphy, Cat in the Dark|Every skill and every inquiry, and similarly every action and rational choice, is thought to aim at some good; and so the good had been aptly described as that at which everything aims.
Laura Anderson Kurk, Perfect Glass|Wait,” Quinn said. “There’s one more thing.” I turned around and raised an eyebrow. His eyes were wary and he lacked his usual confidence.“Go to the Winter Dance with me.
Arundhati Roy, Come September|To fuel yet another war this time against Iraq by cynically manipulating people's grief, by packaging it for TVspecials sponsored by corporations selling detergent and running shoes, is to cheapen and devalue grief, to drain itof meaning. What we are seeing now is a vulgar display of the business of grief, the commerce of grief, the pillagingof even the most private human feelings for political purpose. It is a terrible, violent thing for a State to do to itspeople.
Heather Petty|She tried to ignore that, this close to the man, he had the overpowering chemical scent of a manly shower gel. That sort that normally came in a black bottle and was called something like SHOCK or EXCITE or BLUNT TRAUMA.
Ally Condie, Matched|For we are all walking each other to our deaths, and the journey between footsteps makes up our lives.
Naomi Shihab Nye, I Feel a Little Jumpy Around You: A Book of Her Poems  His Poems Collected in Pairs|I believe in your kiss... your touch and the way you make me feel. I believe in your eyes... that make me see the good in most. I believe in your mouth... and your sweet taste... and the softness of the words that flow from you. I believe your love has taken me places, I never dreamed possible. I believe in your laughter... your tears of caring and your muted look of understanding. I believe that your love has made me a better human being. I believe your compassion and patience have enriched all who have come to know you. I believe because of you, I'm the luckiest person on the face of the earth. I believe in you... in everything you say and do. I believe... that you have made this world a better place
Elizabeth Berg|How are poets able to unzip what they see around them, calling forth a truer essence from behind a common fact? Why, reading a verse about a pear, do you see past the fruit in so transcendent a way?
Kristin Davis|I wrote the song For A Dancer for a friend of mine who died in a fire. He was in the sauna in a house that burned down, so he had no idea anything was going on. It was very sad.
Martha Beck|Failure is an enigma. You worry about it, and it teaches you something.
James Schuyler|Well, I write a lot of poetry - that's where it usually all starts. I definitely want to show you guys sides of me - love, loss, heartbreak - all of that good stuff!
Jose Carreras|Yes, you must have the courage of being free.
Neil Postman, Amusing Ourselves to Death: Public Discourse in the Age of Show Business|I knew that meant we were done and that we'd smooth over the surface I'd just tossed a rock into, but even the waves that crash down on the beach start out as tiny ripples, far out at sea.They just gain strength over time.
Willa Cather, My Ántonia|I was thinking, as I watched her, how little it mattered-- about her teeth, for instance. I know so many women who have kept all the things that she had lost, but whose inner glow has faded. Whatever else was gone, Antonia had not lost the fire of life.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Your total intelligence knows exactly what to do, because you were made to weather the storms of life.
Abhijit Naskar|Stable husbanding of the land requires community-wide language and norms for resolving interpersonal conflict, facilitating barter and trade, determining shares of work and output and maintaining organizational hierarchies. Although such social functions are the requisites of community life everywhere, the ways of performing them evolve differently from place to place. Each society develops its practices and sets of myths, symbols and rational justifications, which usually are held to be superior to those of other societies........And just as material reasons for self-sufficiency can turn communities towards economic imperialism, so the ideational justifications for autonomy can turn them into presumptuous civilizers of other peoples.
Brooklyn Ann, Bite at First Sight|Lydia is enduring the same fate, I may remind you." Vincent remarked. "And she is doubtless freezing, being forced to stand there in only her chemise." A rakish smile spread across his features. "Perhaps we could go down and have a peek."Rafe scowled. "I don't want you looking at my woman." Vincent folded his arms and glared. "Well, I don't want you looking at my woman!
A.M.L.|He wanted terribly, to say, Stop, to say Bern’s name, to stroke her soft cheek where it was bitten by the light. But, in the end, he didn’t do anything at all.
Rashida Jones|Smiling is definitely one of the best beauty remedies. If you have a good sense of humor and a good approach to life, that’s beautiful.
Paulo Coelho, Brida|You learned to run from what you feel, and that's why you have nightmares. To deny is to invite madness. To accept is to control.
Shokoofeh Azar, The Enlightenment of the Greengage Tree|When your head is held high, society pry.
Robert Anderson|The great heroes of other ancient cultures were strong and clever and virtuous, but the great Jewish heroes copulated with slaves (Abraham), showed they were willing to allow others to have sex with their wives (also Abraham), cheated their brothers, seduced their in-laws, murdered, started civil wars through terrible family decisions, yet somehow-through a mixture of humility, near-insanity, and good fortune-served as conduits of God's action in the world.
Sonal Panse, The Sunshine Time: Season 1 Episode 4|Salila!” said Maia, outraged. “Another DOG? ON TOP OF ALL THE OTHER ANIMALS?”“SO WHAT....?” I began, and then got cut off as Polly attempted to land her shaggy grey bulk into my lap,unmindful as ever of our respective sizes, long floppy ears flopping and entire behind wagging, whipping her long tail, and barking in ear-deafening bursts.
Ted Chiang, Stories of Your Life and Others|He wished to please everybody," Franklin later said of Keith, "and having little to give, he gave expectations.
James E. Faust|Memories of our lives, of our works and our deeds will continue in others.
Roxane Gay, Bad Feminist|From the day we touched these stolen shores, he'd explain to anyone who'd listen, they infected our minds. They deployed their phrenologists, their backward Darwinists, and forged a false Knowledge to keep us down. But against this demonology, there were those who battled back. Universities scorned them. Compromised professors scoffed at their names. So they published themselves and hawked their Knowledge at street fairs, churches, and bazaars.For their efforts, they were forgotten. Their great works languished out of print, while those they sought to save grew fat on integration and amnesia.
Francine Prose, Goldengrove|I waited for dawn, but only because I had forgotten how hard mornings were. For a second I'd be normal. Then came the dim awareness of something off, out of place. Then the truth came crashing down and that was it for the rest of the day. Sunlight was reproof. Shouldn't I feel better than I had in the dead of night.
Sarah Mayberry, Anything for You|Sadly, however, the sight of her generous D cups no longer sparked an ounce of interest from Little Sam, the man in charge of social activities.
Simone Weil, Gravity and Grace|All the natural movements of the soul are controlled by laws analogous to those of physical gravity. Grace is the only exception. Grace fills empty spaces, but it can only enter where there is a void to receive it, and it is grace itself which makes this void. The imagination is continually at work filling up all the fissures through which grace might pass.
Kevin James Moore, The Go-Go Girl|So,” I said, steadying my breath. “Do you still believe it is the ocean that entices the moon?”“I know it does,” he said, seductively…temptingly.I turned to face him. “Well,” I said, playfully. “I still think it’s the lure of the moon that pulls them together. That poor ocean never stood a chance against that irresistible moon.
Pooja Ruprell|Somewhere there is a drummer calling to you too, and playing your special beat.
Benjamin Hale, The Evolution of Bruno Littlemore|One interesting thing is the idea that people have of a kind of science of Aesthetics. I would almost like to talk of what could be meant by Aesthetics.You might think Aesthetics is a science telling us what's beautiful - almost too ridiculous for words. I suppose it ought to include also what sort of coffee tastes well. I see roughly this - there is a realm of utterance of delight, when you taste pleasant food or smell a pleasant smell, etc., then there is a realm of Art which is quite different, though often you may make the same face when you hear a piece of music as when you taste good food. (Though you may cry at something you like very much.)Supposing you meet someone in the street and he tells you he has lost his greatest friend, in a voice extremely expressive of his emotion. You might say: 'It was extraordinarily beautiful, the way he expressed himself.' Supposing you then asked: 'What similarity has my admiring this person with my eating vanilla ice and like it?' To compare them seems almost disgusting. (But you can connect them by intermediate cases.) Suppose someone says 'But this is a quite different kind of delight.' But did you learn two meanings of 'delight'? You use the same word on both occasions. There is some connection between these delights. Although in the first case the emotion of delight would in our judgement hardly count.
Jack Kerouac, Some of the Dharma|How is there laughter, how is there joy, as this world is always burning?
Haruki Murakami, Hear the Wind Sing|She looks like a very young old person, or a very old young person; but then, she's looked that way ever since she was two.
Imania Margria|When we release all the negativity in our lives and notice the beauty all around us, we'll see what truly matters in life.
Rex Stout|Man's brain, enlarged fortuitously, invented words in an ambitious effort to learn how to think, only to have them usurped by his emotions. But we still try." -- Nero Wolf in Death of a Dude.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Imagination envisions what could be. Reality states what is. And when my journey is shaped by one of these at the exclusion of the other, I will eventually wake up on some road facing the ‘reality’ that I’m far more lost than I could have ‘imagined’.
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr.|A woman may very well form a friendship with a man, but for this to endure, it must be assisted by a little physical antipathy.
Pearl Zhu, Digital Agility: The Rocky Road from Doing Agile to Being Agile|The least of us is improved by the things done by the best of us, because if we are not able to land at least we are able to follow. (July 20, 1969 CBS Moon Landing Coverage)
Debasish Mridha|To be an educator, teach and keep learning.
Himmilicious|Set backs and failures are the major motivations in life.Some are so painful that don't kill maybe that's why they make me strong, immune and a reason to fight with myself.
Nikhil Kushwaha, Heart of Bullets|Each phase of the transformation process has distinct milestones, is progressive, and is not revisited.
Lailah Gifty Akita|All that I can truly have: life, strength and time!
Leslie Ford|He knew all the stories. His grandfather had given them to him when he sat between the old man’s knees as a child. It was a comfort, though, to hear them again. To call them to mind. All these stories that made him more than just a vintner and more than just a man who carried a spear whom other men were willing to follow. More than just a man who lay dying. The stories made him one of the People, who would never die.
Dan Brown, The Lost Symbol|The key to our scientific future,....is hidden in our past
Catherine Carrigan, Unlimited Intuition NOW|If you keep fighting with yourself, you will have less energy to fight with life!
Kim John Payne, Simplicity Parenting: Using the Extraordinary Power of Less to Raise Calmer, Happier, and More Secure Kids|In its complexity and sensuality, nature invites exploration, direct contact, and experience. But it also inspires a sense of awe, a glimpse of what is still "un-Googleable" . . . life's mystery and magnitude.
Ice Cube|I love sports - I used to play volleyball really competitively...I went to Junior Olympic qualifiers, and I've ridden horses my whole life.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Player Piano|Eventually we all have to accept full and total responsibility for our actions, everything we have done, and have not done. 
Hannah Lillith Assadi, Sonora|With the years, we become even more ourselves and call this change.
John  Hughes|In-laws were often used as plot devices to drive a happy couple apart, to destroy marital love and trust.
James David Lewis-Williams, The Mind in the Cave: Consciousness and the Origins of Art|The cerebral cortex, the outer ‘skin’ of the brain, contains as many as ten billion neurons. This complexity is daunting. Yet it is out of complex interactions between the billions of neurons that consciousness arises.
Theresa May|When we started the e-commerce, nobody believed that China would have e-commerce because people believed in 'guang-shi,' face-to-face, and all kinds of network in traditional ways. There's no trust system in China.
P.D. James, The Lighthouse|Our parents' generation carried the past memorialized in paint, porcelain, and wood; we cast it off. Even our national history is remembered in terms of the worst we did, not the best.
Slavoj Žižek|Nowadays, you can do anything that you want—anal, oral, fisting—but you need to be wearing gloves, condoms, protection.
Christian Bale|I have this theory that, depending on your attitude, your life doesn't have to become this ridiculous charade that it seems so many people end up living.
Emma Straub, Modern Lovers|Why bother getting married, going through all the pomp and pageantry, if you didn't think it was going to last? It was far easier to live in sin and not have to deal with the paperwork.
Ernst Mach, History and Root of the Principle of the Conservation of Energy|Laughter IS the BEST medicine! It’s FREE! You can overdose on it! It helps you embrace the insanities of life! It reduces stress, heals your body and relieves pain! It fights disease and cancer and strengthens the immune system! It eases your mind, it protects your heart and soothes your soul!
Alfred de Vigny, Stello|Observe this fact: in the history of mankind, every ruler who has lacked personal greatness has been forced to compensate for the deficiency by setting up the executioner at his right hand like a guardian angel
Beth Fantaskey, Jessica's Guide to Dating on the Dark Side|The gentle art of gastronomy is a friendly one. It hurdles the language barrier, makes friends among civilized people, and warms the heart.
J.M. Barrie, Peter Pan|My mother would say, 'Why are you always playing alone?' And I would say, 'I'm not playin', Ma. I'm fuckin' serious!
Tupac Shakur|Hate to sound sleazy, but tease me, I don't want it if it's that easy
Maria Montessori|We Americans unite faith and freedom in asserting that our liberties are your gift, God, not that of government.
Susan Orlean|If somebody wants me to do something I've never done, I can do it more easily because of all of the years of sports I've played.
Daniela Bobadilla|I get really angry when I get hungry. If you don't feed me, I won't talk to you. That's when my anger issues come out.
Maxwell Maltz|Thus man of all creatures is more than a creature, he is also a creator. Man alone can direct his success mechanism by the use of imagination, or imaging ability.
Robert Mankoff|The line between humor and bad taste is your audience, in which some people will find everything offensive, and some people will find nothing offensive, but the truth is that most humor originates in what would be called bad taste.
Gigi Sedlmayer|Here is the voice of my main Character in my Talon book series, I’ll let her introduce herself to you:My name is Matica and I am a special needs child with a growth disability. I am stuck in the body of a two year old, even though I am ten years old when my story begins in the first book of the Talon series, TALON, COME FLY WITH ME. Because of that disability, (I am saying ‘that’ disability, not ‘my’ disability because it’s a thing that happens to me, nothing more and because I am not accepting it as something bad. I can say that now after I learned to cope with it.) I was rejected by the local Indians as they couldn’t understand that that condition is not a sickness and so it can’t be really cured. It’s just a disorder of my body. But I never gave up on life and so I had lots of adventures roaming around the plateau where we live in Peru, South America, with my mother’s blessings. But after I made friends with my condors I named Tamo and Tima, everything changed. It changed for the good. I was finally loved. And I am the hero and I embrace my problem. In better words: I had embraced my problem before I made friends with my condors Tamo and Tima. I held onto it and I felt sorry for myself and cried a lot, wanting to run away or something worse. But did it help me? Did it become better? Did I grow taller? No, nothing of that helped me. I didn’t have those questions when I was still in my sorrow, but all these questions came to me later, after I was loved and was cherished. One day I looked up into the sky and saw the majestic condors flying in the air. Here and now, I made up my mind. I wanted to become friends with them. I believed if I could achieve that, all my sorrow and rejection would be over. And true enough, it was over. I was loved. I even became famous. And so, if you are in a situation, with whatever your problem is, find something you could rely on and stick to it, love that and do with that what you were meant to do. And I never run from conflicts.
Muriel Spark, The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie|For those who like that sort of thing," said Miss Brodie in her best Edinburgh voice, "That is the sort of thing they like.
Penelope Cruz|The truth is, we're all cyborgs with cell phones and online identities.
Rebecca Rivard, Tempting the Dryad|He quirked a brow. “What the hell are you playing at, anyway?”She lifted her chin. “Camouflage.”“Deus, woman.” His gaze raked down her body. They were in a bar full of shifters one inch away from a full-out brawl, but damn if that hot, dark look didn’t send a thrill shooting straight to her womb. “If that’s camouflage, then I’m king of the faeries.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|A higher speed on the wrong path is very is fatal! Don’t be desperate about going ahead with the highest speed. First of all, be sure you are on the right track.
Cindi Madsen, All the Broken Pieces|i am here and now in all this Omnipresent , i am the universe.
Edward Verrall Lucas, London Lavender|To-day well, my Utopia, if ever I framed one, would be a land where the laws demanded that people should be vicious. Then one would be able to count at any rate on a little virtue. If no man might live with a woman in any but an irregular union, there would be at once quite a run on honest matrimony and the Law Courts would be full of desperately wicked monogamists; while if every one was expected to steal and swindle, there would soon be an extensive criminal class who respected property.
Terry Pratchett, Night Watch|But...well, Reg, tomorrow the sun will come up again, and I'm pretty sure that whatever happens we won't have found Freedom, and there won't be a whole lot of Justice, and I'm damn sure we won't have found Truth. But it's just possible that I might get a hard-boiled egg.
Kahlil Gibran, Mirrors of the Soul|Keep me away from the wisdom which does not cry, the philosophy which does not laugh and the greatness which does not bow before children.
Melanie Benjamin, The Swans of Fifth Avenue|I could hardly sleep and even when I did drop off, I awoke to a grim thought: I’m disgusting. I can’t play any more. I went to bed with Dudek and all his Liverpool team-mates.
Andrew Sean Greer, The Impossible Lives of Greta Wells|Positive or Negative, doesn't MATTER - Sacrifice always PAY-BACK!!!
Meia Geddes|And who is to say that loving a person isn’t just loving the idea of that person and not the actual person, all these incomprehensible clots of flesh with all their years gone by and vanished, all their history stored in basements even they cannot reach?
Ken Kesey, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest|All I know is this: nobody's very big in the first place, and it looks to me like everybody spends their whole life tearing everybody else down.
C.E. Dimond, Awakening|No one asked your opinion O'Brien," the red-haired one snapped again."No one ever asks yours either, that doesn't seem to stop you from giving it," he countered.
Vikram Seth|Why do writers, say, give up a job in economics and decide to write poetry? Or, why do they give up a job in a bank and decide to paint, like Krishan Khanna? They want to convey something.
Mehmet Murat ildan|So the swallow flew over the great city, and saw the rich making merry in their beautiful houses, while the beggars were sitting at the gates. He flew into dark lanes, and saw the white faces of starving children looking out listlessly at the black streets...
Roger Zelazny, Lord of Light|To ennoble is to diminish by robbing people of their complexity, their completeness, of their humanity, which is always clouded by what gets stirred up at the bottom.
John Elder Robison, Look Me in the Eye: My Life with Asperger's|I want that person you knew to return. But the truth is, this may be the best we achieve. Today, having her here and comfortable and not agitated…that may be as good as we get. Are you okay with that?
Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000–2016, with A Journal of a Writer's Week|And not only narrativity but the quality of the writing is of the first importance to me. Rightly or not, I believe a dull, inept style signals poverty or incompleteness of thought. I see the accuracy, scope, and quality of Darwin’s intellect directly expressed in the clarity, strength, and vitality of his writing — the beauty of it.
Jestoni Revealed|To realize that we are just a breath away from eternity takes a lot of guts and brain power. So, spend your breath wisely.
Franca Storm, Fated Desire|The stench of wolf—especially an Alpha—is very difficult to get out."Then you should keep your distance,” she shot back.
Laurie Perez, The Look of Amie Martine|Corporeal reality is much more rich and precious than we realize. It feels good to have a body, to surge on currents of emotion, to have nerve endings, mitochondria in our cells, tangible focused energy, the embodiment of light — given a voice.
Stephen King|You'll need to do a better job, Annabelle. No more dates like the first one tonight.""Agreed. And no more making me sit through your Power Matches introductions, either. As you so wisely pointed out, helping Portia Powers isn't in my best interests.""Then why are you still trying to talk me into seeing Melanie again?""Hunger makes me weird.""You got rid of the last one in fourteen minutes. Well done. I'm rewarding you by letting you sit in on all the introductions from now on."She nearly choked on an ice cube. "What are you talking about?""Exactly what I said.
John Quincy Adams|Judicial activism, by definition, is a term applied to judges who render decisions with which you disagree.
Rebecca McNutt, Smog City|…Maybe I’ll be watching super-8 home videos,” Alecto told her, smiling bleakly. “I love my super-8 camera, it’s an Eastman Kodak one… Kodak stopped manufacturing them, the world went digital and now Kodak has stopped making Kodachrome film and all kinds of traditional film products… it’s sad.” “Well, uh… well, have fun watching your home movies then,” Mandy finished, but she didn’t have the slightest idea what he was talking about.
Sunday Adelaja|When you have to make a choice, think of the impact your decision may make on your calling
Mary Ann Shaffer, The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society|I'm not stalking her," I insisted."I'm making sure she's safe. Besides, how could you stalk Lori McGillicuddy?She'd see you and come out to your truck and say, "Hi, I'm Lori. Are you my stalker? It's so neat to meet you! While you're stuck here watching my every move, can I bring you anything? Sweet tea?
Sarah J. Maas, The Assassin and the Empire|I knew you were the one when I realized your smile was my heaven, your laugh my favorite song, and your arms my home.
Rainbow Rowell, Landline|She thought of ... the way he never made made her feel crazy, even when she was acting crazy, and never made her feel like a failure, even when she was failing.
Joseph Alois Schumpeter, Capitalism, Socialism and Democracy|If you hear a "prominent" economist using the word 'equilibrium,' or 'normal distribution,' do not argue with him; just ignore him, or try to put a rat down his shirt.
Jaye L. Knight, Tyra|All things are important to Elôm, even the little things.
Vannetta Chapman, Murder Simply Brewed|Just as books are read one word at a time, roads are taken one step at a time.
Marilynne Robinson|Find a calm lake and wait for the twilight in silence! There, existence will visit you with all its magnificence! The existence of the Existence can best be felt in the presence of dimness and in the absence of crowds and noises!
Katie Reus, Running from the Past|Caleb shifted uncomfortably as he closed the door behind him. For a moment, he’d thought she’d been naked under the sheet. But, it had been a nude-colored type of top. Didn’t seem to matter, the sight had kicked his fantasies into overdrive. She tried to hide herself, but the nightlight next to her bed cast a soft amber glow around her shining right through the thin sheet, illuminating her small pert breasts perfectly even through the top…. He couldn’t live under the same roof as her and not go insane. He would make an announcement tomorrow. She was off-limits.
Mike Pilavachi, Everyday Supernatural: Living a Spirit-Led Life without Being Weird|Numbers 12: 6 - 8When there is a prophet among you, I, the Lord, reveal myself to them in visions, I speak to them in dreams. But this is not true of my servant Moses; he is faithful in all my house. With him I speak face to face, clearly and not in riddles; he sees the form of the Lord.So, unless you're Moses, this verse makes it obvious that God will not always speak clearly. Often he speaks softly and in riddles. He will reveal something supernaturally to us, but it's always something we need to pay close attention to. We usually need to then carefully interpret and apply what we hear. We are convinced that God's motivation behind this - as with all he does - is to draw us into relationship.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Relax and breathe. The trouble with imaginative people is that we're good at picturing the worst that could happen to us. Fear is often just the imagination taking a wrong turn. Bad criticism is not the end of the world. As far as I know, no one has ever died from a bad review. Take a deep breath and accept whatever comes.
Mel Brooks|I'm an oddity of one, my strangeness too complicated to explain or share.
Ken Thompson|I play Xbox. I have a little boy to look after. I have dogs. You know, I have things to do. I would love to be able to sit down and watch something like a movie. I watch my own movies because I have to.
John Corey Whaley, Highly Illogical Behavior|When you are open to living and trust the process of life and ready to face all your fears, and not afraid to go astray with life, life definitely comes and talk to you, in its own language.
Emily St. John Mandel, Station Eleven|Empty space eventually fills up with something. A void, cultivated in the aftermath of misfortune, begins to attract the wrong kind of attention. Marco knew it was time to leave when disagreeable spirits started roaming freely through the house, as if they owned the place.
Confucius|Without knowing the force of words, it is impossible to know more.
Neil Smith, Boo|I think I would make a very good astronaut.To be a good astronaut you have to be intelligent and I’m intelligent. You also have to understand how machines work and I’m good at understanding how machines work. You also have to be someone who would like being on their own in a tiny spacecraft thousands and thousands of miles away from the surface of the earth and not panic or get claustrophobia or homesick or insane. And I really like little spaces, so long as there is no one else in them with me. Sometimes when I want to be on my own I get into the airing cupboard outside the bathroom and slide in beside the boiler and pull the door closed behind me and sit there and think for hours and it makes me feel very calm.So I would have to be an astronaut on my own, or have my own part of the space craft which no one else could come into.And also there are no yellow things or brown things in a space craft, so that would be okay too.And I would have to talk to other people from Mission Control, but we would do that through a radio linkup and a TV monitor, so they wouldn’t be like real people who are strangers, but it would be like playing a computer game.Also I wouldn’t be homesick at all because I’d be surrounded by things I like, which are machines and computers and outer space. And I would be able to look out of a little window in the spacecraft and know that there was no one near me for thousands and thousands of miles, which is what I sometimes pretend at night in the summer when I go and lie on the lawn and look up at the sky and I put my hands round the sides of my face so that I can’t see the fence and the chimney and the washing line and I can pretend I’m in space.And all I could see would be stars. And stars are the places where molecules that life is made of were constructed billions of years ago. For example, all the iron in your blood which keeps you from being anemic was made in a star.And I would like it if I could take Toby with me into space, and that might be allowed because they sometimes do take animals into space for experiments, so if I could think of a good experiment you could do with a rat that didn’t hurt the rat, I could make them let me take Toby.But if they didn’t let me I would still go because it would be a Dream Come True.
Daniel José Older, Shadowshaper|Stigma against mental illness is a scourge with many faces, and the medical community wears a number of those faces.
Louise Erdrich, The Blue Jay's Dance: A Birth Year|Our baby gives herself to me completely. There is no hesitation, no reservation, no holding back, no coldness, no craft, no tremor or fear in her love. Although our relationship may encompass tears, frustration, even fury, it is an utterly reliable bond. As it grows, her love is literally unadulterated. Her love is wholly of the child, pure in its essence as children are in their direct passions. Children do not love wisely, but perhaps they love the best of all.
Hypatia Bradlaugh Bonner|What hurts me is the fact that in India, a good doctor is one whom you have to take an appointment with even before you fall sick. Else, you will die but not get treated. A good school is one that won't admit you even if you are in Lower Kindergarten. A good minister is one won't meet you till are some VIP. I want to change this in my lifetime by democratizing education and opportunities.
John Brownlow, Sylvia: The Shooting Script|Ted: A fucking good poem is a weapon. It's-- and not like a--a popgun or something.- It's a bomb.It's like a bloody big bomb. Sylvia: That’s why they make childrenlearn them in school.They don't want them messing aboutwith them on their own. I mean, just imagineif a sonnet went off accidentally. Boom.
Brian Sandoval|Just remaining quietly in the presence of God, listening to Him, being attentive to Him, requires a lot of courage and know-how.
Curtis Rivers, Seven Paths to Freedom|With a burning ambition, sustained focus, and daily action - there simply are no limits to what you will achieve.
Gordon B. Hinckley|Be believing, be happy, don't get discouraged. Things will work out.
Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games|For there to be betrayal, there would have to have been trust first.
Michael Greger|In classical times, it was a capital offense to speculate upon the hour of a king's death or upon the identity of his successor.
Elaine Orabona Foster, In Movement There Is Peace|Sometimes we question why we're in the jobs we have, relationships, cities, families even. The question shouldn't be why? But what's the lesson in everything we go through. Getting the lessons allows us to move on. When we focus on the why, we stay stuck because we miss the lessons and as a result, keep repeating the same habits and situations until we learn the lessons we're supposed to learn from our experiences in life.
Brené Brown, Daring Greatly: How the Courage to Be Vulnerable Transforms the Way We Live, Love, Parent, and Lead|Worrying about scarcity is our culture's version of post-traumatic stress. It happens when we've been through too much, and rather than coming together to heal (which requires vulnerability) we're angry and scared and at each other's throats.
Alex  Jackson, Labaerak|Take away the people's bread and you get discontent; take away their money and you get anger, but take away their heroes and you get revolution.
John Milton, Paradise Lost|He alone is a man who keeps his word:Not that he has one thing in the heart, and another on the tongue.
Paulo Coelho, Maktub|So long as you do no harm to another, change your opinion once in a while. Contradict yourself without being embarrassed. This is your right. It doesn't matter what others think -because that's what they will think, in any case.
Yannick Murphy, Here They Come|We dream of him and in the morning we tell each other our dreams where he is living with us again, fixing salads, whistling, standing in doorways. Our mother tells us there was a time before they thought to marry when he wrote her every day, long letters with a date and a time in the upper right corner, the hour always late and the pages sometimes stained purple by wine that had spilled as he lifted the glass and drank while he wrote … Our mother says not to throw the letters out, they are all that’s left of the love she’ll never feel again.
Annie Dillard, The Writing Life|To have come on all this new world of writing, with time to read in a city like Paris where there was a way of living well and working, no matter how poor you were, was like having a great treasure given to you.
Ellen Willis|In a perfect world, there would be freedom of religion and freedom for all religions to exercise their religion everywhere.
Jenn Proske|I was born in Corpus Christi, Texas, the youngest of four girls, including my oldest sister, Lisa, who has special needs. My mom was a special education teacher, and my dad worked on the Army base. We weren't wealthy, but we were determined to succeed.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Do your work with honesty and integrity, and don’t compromise God’s moral standards. It may be difficult, but it’s far better to do right than to do wrong. God is with you, and He will not abandon you.
MaryJanice Davidson, Me, Myself and Why?|You don't scare me, Cadence Jones. I've lived with crazy, I've ridden with crazy, I've vacationed with crazy, I've visited crazy in various hospitals, I've sat in on therapy sessions with crazy. Frankly, I think women who don't have major emotional disorders are really very dull.
Augustine of Hippo|If you have understood, then what you have understood is not God.
Russell T. Davies, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy|...Something we once loved, and love now, in the shape of a book. Maybe eBooks are going to take over, one day, but not until those whizzkids in Silicon Valley invent a way to bend the corners, fold the spine, yellow the pages, add a coffee ring or two and allow the plastic tablet to fall open at a favorite page.
Yuval Noah Harari, Homo Deus: A Brief History of Tomorrow|Love The Way Love, Loves You
Albert Bushnell Hart|I believe if an individual wants to join organized labor and work under a union contract, they should have the legal right to do so. At the same token, a person who does not want to work under organized labor and wants to work should have the ability to do so without the threat of having to join and having to pay dues to organized labor.
John Dickerson|For me, the interesting thing about anorexia is that you show your wound. There's no hiding it. So my anger and sense of disappointment, all the stuff I was out of touch with, became this visible rebuke to my parents.
Jay Woodman|Words to intrigue, inspire, examine, question, praise; Words to help us appreciate our world, our selves, our games; Words to dance our true soul fires gracefully free.
Pino Caruso|People eat meat and think they will become strong as an ox, forgetting that the ox eats grass.
Corrie ten Boom, The Hiding Place: The Triumphant True Story of Corrie Ten Boom|And so I discovered that it is not on our own forgiveness any more than on our own goodness that the world's healing hinges, but on His. When he tells us to love our enemies, He gives, along with the command, the love itself.
Seanan McGuire, One Salt Sea|And I think I decided not to love Charlie because I thought I had to be rescued. For practical reasons but also as a proof of love. It's better that Charlie and I didn't make an automatic transaction, love exchanged for rescue. All you can do after that is put the love and the rescue up on the shelf, moving them farther and farther back as you make room for all the other items you acquire over the years. This way a ragged stem still grows between us, almost pretty. Though really we should crush it now, before the buds bloom skeletal.
Des Traynor|The slaves of today will become the tyrants of tomorrow--the proletariat overthrows the hegemon to become the hegemon itself, only to be eventually overthrown by a proto-hegemon that will in turn lose its position. It is this dizzying cycle that keeps humanity chasing the tail it lost millennia ago
Kiera Cass, The Selection|Of course one’s sense of identification with the nation is inflected by all kinds of particulars, including one’s class, race, gender, and sexual identification. … But [regarding] national character …, aside from references to a national aesthetic — literary, musical, and choreographic, there are two poles I reference: minimalist and maximalist. I love them both — the cryptic poems of Emily Dickinson folded up in tiny packets and hidden away in a box, the sparse, understated choreographies of Merce; but also the “trashy, profane and obscene” poems of Whitman and Ginsberg, [and] Martha Graham’s expressionism. I am, myself, a minimalist. But I love distortion guitar and the wild exhibitionism of so many American artists. Also, these divisions are false. Emily Dickinson, in fact, can be as trashy and obscene as the best of them! Anyway, Dickinson and Whitman are at the heart of this narrative. They are the Dancing Queen and the Guitar Hero.
Kris Kidd, Down for Whatever|Desire is alcoholic, desire is the greatest drug possible. Marijuana is nothing, lsd is nothing. Desire is the greatest lsd possible – the ultimate in drugs.What is the nature of desire? When you desire, what happens? When you desire, you are creating an illusion in the mind; when you desire, you have already moved from here. Now you are not here, you are absent from here, because the mind is creating a dream. This absentness is your drunkenness. Be present!
Ayaan Hirsi Ali, Infidel|...Bin Laden's quotes from the Quaran resonated in my brain: "When you meet the unbelievers, strike them in the neck." "If you do not go out and fight, God will punish you severely and put others in your place." "Wherever you find the polytheists, kill them, seize them, besiege them, ambush them." "You who believe, do not take the Jews and Christians as friends; they are allies only to each other. Anyone who takes them as an ally becomes one of them.
R.J.  Lawrence, The Xactilias Project|Sometimes a revolution turns into an actual government, or at the very least an actual way of life that contrasts with days past like blood on snow. Such was the case in France, where even as the guillotine released a steady river of gore, Royalist insurrections were suppressed by what had become a sophisticated military.In Toulon, the Royalist insurrection in 1793 led to an actual siege by republicans, spearheaded by none other than Napoleon Bonaparte. The Royalists in Toulon, supported by the British and Spanish, were feared by the republicans as an existential threat to every hope and promise of the revolution. For months there were bombardments, cannon fire that made the windows in the prison tremble.
Richard J. Foster, Celebration of Discipline: The Path to Spiritual Growth|How quickly we grow accustomed to wonders. I am reminded of the Isaac Asimov story "Nightfall," about the planet where the stars were visible only once in a thousand years. So awesome was the sight that it drove people mad. We who can see the stars every night glance up casually at the cosmos and then quickly down again, searching for a Dairy Queen.
Sunday Adelaja|Regardless of how old you are, who you were, now you are a peculiar people, specially called
Natalie Standiford, How to Say Goodbye in Robot|Okay, can you pass yourself off as a magician and gain Gerald's trust and pass us information about Celeste's plans and save all the magicians who want to be saved? Jaime asked. "Because if so awesome. I shall stay here and eat pie.
Josh Hatcher, Manlihood: The 12 Pillars of Masculinity|Mentorship happens organically, and you can’t just force it. Many men don’t even know HOW to mentor, and often mentor others by accident. It’s not a mentor’s responsibility to mentor, it’s the responsibility of the mentee to seek mentorship and appropriate it.
Nancy Roman|As they work hard for our children, America's teachers often reach into their own pockets to make sure they have the best classroom supplies. I feel strongly that the federal government should help make up for their personal financial burden.
James Thurber|The brutal truth is, we're scarcely 'educating' children at all. Even if you overlook the guilt, fear, bigotry, and dangerous anti-intellectual flapdoodle being funneled into young brains by schools on the religious right, what we're doing is training kids to be cogs in the wheels of commerce.
Evgenij Vodolazkin|Cristofer did not write because he feared forgetting something. He never forgot anything, even when he reached old age. For Cristofer, the written word seemed to regulate the world. Stop its fluctuations. Prevent notions from eroding. This is why Cristofer's sphere of interest was so broad. According to the writer's thinking, that sphere should correspond to the world's breadth. Cristofer usually left his writings in the places where he had made them: on the bench, on the stove, on the woodpile. He did not pick them up when the fell to the floor: he vaguely anticipated their discovery, much later, in a cultural stratum. Cristofer understood that the written word would always remain that way. No matter what happened later, once it had been written, the word had already occurred.
Tom Hodgkinson, The Idle Parent: Why Laid-Back Parents Raise Happier and Healthier Kids|We are partners with our children because we are just like them, dearly loved sinners.
Shauna Niequist, Bittersweet: Thoughts on Change, Grace, and Learning the Hard Way|Everybody has a home team: It’s the people you call when you get a flat tire or when something terrible happens. It’s the people who, near or far, know everything that’s wrong with you and love you anyways. These are the ones who tell you their secrets, who get themselves a glass of water without asking when they’re at your house. These are the people who cry when you cry. These are your people, your middle-of-the-night, no-matter-what people.
Anne Lamott|I do not so much write a book as sit up with it, as with a dying friend. During visiting hours, I enter its room with dread and sympathy for its many disorders. I hold its hand and hope it will get better.  This tender relationship can change in a twinkling. If you skip a visit or two, a work in progress will turn on you.
Alice W. Flaherty, The Midnight Disease: The Drive to Write, Writer's Block, and the Creative Brain|Doesn' t she care what she does to her family? ' people will ask. ' How can she starve herself like that? 'She has fallen into bad company, been influenced from within by something she thought she could control, but which has ended up controlling
Dada Bhagwan|There is only supreme bliss in the Soul, our True Self. But this bliss is obstructed because of impure inner intents.
Julia Stiles|Instead of trying to increase your metabolism with the goal of losing weight, try to slow your metabolism with a low-calorie, high-nutrient diet for a longer, healthier life.
Mark Twain|Reader, suppose you were an idiot. And suppose you were a member of Congress. But I repeat myself.
Kiera Cass, The Elite|Well, the one thing I've thought about is having dad give me away. You know when he takes your hand and he puts it in the hand of the person you marry? That's the only part I've ever wanted.
Ann Douglas|A mother’s love is like an everlasting bed of roses, that continues to blossom. A mother’s love bears strength, comfort, healing and warmth. Her beauty is compared to a sunny day that shines upon each rose petal and inspires hope.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Is autism a disease?If a woman asked me right now, “but wouldn’t you rather be cured?” I’d reply, “would you like to be cured of being a woman?”Autism, like womanhood, is painful, and difficult, and not made easy by the structure of our society. But it is who we are.There are treatments that can make certain aspects easier, yes. But there is no whole cure because there is no whole disease.Some women take birth control to reduce the effects of PMS or PMDD, to stop their bodies from being so at odds with the world, to make living just a little more easy, a little more comfortable. But it is not for every woman, it does not change the fact that they are a woman, and it does not change the sexism that they face every day, all the problems that result from the fact of society being built to serve people who are not them.I’d like treatments for autistic people to be seen in the same light. Medicine’s priority should be to improve quality of life, not to make a person more palatable to society.Society must be forced to deal with these people because these people will not be easily consigned to oblivion.
Christos Tsiolkas, Barracuda|Contemporary writers annoyed him, he found their worlds insular, their style too self-conscious and ironic. Theirs was not a literature that belonged to him.
Thomas Vazhakunnathu, God Does Not Play Dice|We know the truth of a matter when we are able to see and understand it. The truth does not change, only our perception of the truth changes depending on how clearly we see and how much we understand.
Israelmore Ayivor|Some words are sweet but unprotifable! Some are bitter but important. First weigh your words on the counter of integrity and speak not only because your words are sweet, but because they contain the truth!
Shannon L. Alder|When you love yourself you will never need closure from any man. That doesn't mean you didn't love him, it simply means you love yourself enough to realize God has a better plan for you that doesn't involve one more conversation that will remind you of that person's lack of respect for you.
Blythe Danner|The sad part about our past is that religions, ironically enough, are responsible for creating the most destructive idea that has ever been visited upon the human race: the idea that there is such a thing as 'better.'
Robert Fripp|If I owe Smith ten dollars and God forgives me, that doesn't pay Smith.
Catherine Gilbert Murdock, Princess Ben|I ultimately decided to hold my tongue and settle instead for the comfort of ignorance. Not knowing the truth, I retained hope, and that hope I held like a smooth warm stone against my heart.
Robert A. Caro, The Path to Power|As one 1935 study put it, boys and girls who were 15 or 16 in 1929 when the Depression began are no longer children; they are grown-ups – adults who had never, since they left school, had anything productive to do; adults in the embittered by years of suffering and hardship. The President's Advisory Commission on Education was to warn of a whole lost generation of young people.
Debasish Mridha|When you find someone is crying and her life is torn, just be kind, extend your hand with love and be a best friend.
Jennifer Elisabeth|I want to understand the strings that are tied between me and certain other people and if they really can stretch through infinite time and space without ever breaking. Are soul mates real, and is my life ever going to make sense?
Gladys M. Hunt, Honey for a Child's Heart: The Imaginative Use of Books in Family Life|What is home? My favorite definition is "a safe place," a place where one is free from attack, a place where one experiences secure relationships and affirmation. It's a place where people share and understand each other. Its relationships are nurturing. The people in it do not need to be perfect; instead, they need to be honest, loving, supportive, recognizing a common humanity that makes all of us vulnerable.
N.L.B. Horton, When Camels Fly|I am an archaeologist of mature vintage. Rapid descents are not my specialty. I am the plodding type."~ Grace Madison, PhD.
J.G. Ballard|I believe in the power of the imagination to remake the world, to release the truth within us, to hold back the night, to transcend death, to charm motorways, to ingratiate ourselves with birds, to enlist the confidences of madmen.
Zhuangzi, The Complete Works of Chuang Tzu|Does a caterpillar sit on the same leaf when it's a butterfly? No! It goes for a little fly and sees something of the world. Does the tadpole stay in the same pond once it's a frog? No! It stretches its legs, goes for a jump, explores other waters. Did Cinderella go back cleaning hearths once she married the prince? ... Transformation means moving forward. If a butterfly stays on the same leaf and a frog stays in the same pond, then they may as well have stayed a caterpillar or a tadpole. There was no point in metamorphosing.
Olaotan Fawehinmi, If I Were A Girl, I Would Not...|When you look back and realize there is no way you would have had a better life with another person, that's when the relationship or marriage becomes worth it.
Richelle Mead, The Fiery Heart|It's all fun and games until someone loses an eye," Ferbus said too loudly. "Then it's one-eyed fun.
Joan Bauer, Hope Was Here|There was shish-kabob for lunch, huge, savory hunks of spitted meat sizzling like the devil over charcoal after marinating seventy-two hours in a secret mixture Milo had stolen from a crooked trader in the Levant, served with Iranian rice and asparagus tips Parmesan, followed by cherries jubilee for dessert and then steaming cups of fresh coffee with Benedictine and brandy.
Jeff Ross|Steve Irwin did wonderful conservation work but I was uncomfortable about some of his stunts. Even if animals aren't aware that you are not treating them with respect, the viewers are.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|If you can honor yourself and be real about your discomfort and pain, then your happiness will be just as real.
Ian McEwan, On Chesil Beach|Your silence exists as does my self gathering. But so does the almost absolute silence of the world's dawning. In such suspension, before every utterance on earth, there is a cloud, an almost immobile air. The plants already breathe, while we still ask ourselves how to speak to each other, without taking breath away from them.
Donna Grant, Burning Desire|It's common knowledge in the industry that people often lie, or minimize things, when they participate in surveys, No one wants to tell a stranger they drink four cocktails a night, or eat junk food for every meal. It's the same with their views on candidates and political issues. Most people won't tell you they don't like someone when they have to look you in the eye. None of that would matter for me, though, because I would know their true emotions whether they shared them or not.
Michael Zadoorian, The Leisure Seeker|To what nadir of paltriness , pettiness, and squalor a man can sink! How could he change so! But is this really true to life? ---It is, it's all true to life, for anything can happen to a man. Your ardent youth of today would recoil in horror if you were to show him his own portrait as an old man. Once you set off on life's journey, once you take your leave of those gentle years of youth and enter the harsh, embittering years of manhood, remember to keep with you all your human emotions, do not leave them by the wayside, for you will not pick them up again! Grim and terrible is the old age which awaits us, and nothing does it give in return! The grave itself is more merciful than old age, for at least on the gravestone you will find written the words: 'Here a man lies buried!' but in the cold, unfeeling features of inhuman old age you can read nothing.
Lori McWilliam Pickert|The philosophy of project-based homeschooling — this particular approach to helping children become strong thinkers, learners, and doers — is dependent upon the interest and the enthusiastic participation and leadership of the learners themselves, the children.
George Eliot, Adam Bede|Your silence will never protect you,Indeed, Silence is the ultimate weapon of power, but It destroy us first..........
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With great passion, observe every details of the sacred journey.
Gilles Deleuze|Lose your face: become capable of loving without remembering, without phantasm and without interpretation, without taking stock. Let there just be fluxes, which sometimes dry up, freeze or overflow, which sometimes combine or diverge.
Hope Alcocer|My acupuncturist once told me that it doesn't have to hurt to work. She might have meant the needles, but I think she really meant love.
Ernest Hemingway|Poetry is not only dream and vision; it is the skeleton architecture of our lives. It lays the foundations for a future of change, a bridge across our fears of what has never been before.
Lysander Spooner|Potentially, a government is the most dangerous threat to man's rights: it holds a legal monopoly on the use of physical force against legally disarmed victims.
Sebastian Barry, Days Without End|with ringworm, lice bites, and a million bugs. Men so sick they are dying
Jeffrey R. Holland, Christ and the New Covenant: The Messianic Message of the Book of Mormon|The Book of Mormon is the keystone of our religion primarily because it is the most extended and definitive witness we have of the Lord Jesus Christ--of our Alpha and Omega, the Key Stone, the Chief Cornerstone of the eternal gospel. Christ is our salvation, and the Book of Mormon declares that message unequivocally to the world. In its message of faith in Christ, hope in Christ, and charity in Christ, the Book of Mormon is God's "new covenant" to his children--for the last time.
Sanhita Baruah, The Farewell and other poems|I'd rather be not the light in your lifeThe bright day might make me obscureI'd rather be the cold darknessFor it remains, unseen, uncertain and unsure
Susan C. Young|You are the author of your own life story. You have the leading role and get to determine how you interact with your supporting cast and other characters. Without realizing it, you may have allowed the events in your life to write your story for you rather than taking deliberate action to write it in your own voice. What will it take to love your life story to create the happy endings you desire?
Saaif Alam|A speaker who wisely and sincerely expresses his or thoughts eloquantly in public, he or she can fully understand the topics that result others to rely on his or her policy for a specific social economic and/or political reform that can take place in their community.
Nate Berkus|I didn't necessarily want to be famous growing up, but I knew I would be a good famous person because I'm not offended if somebody comes up to me and knows things about me and wants to engage me in a conversation.
William S. Burroughs|The wolf blood, Arya remembered now. I'll be as strong as Robb, I said I would. She took a deep breath, then lifted the broomstick in both hands and brought down across her knee. It broke with a loud crack, and she threw the pieces aside. 'I am a direwolf, and done with the wooden teeth.
Lazarus Takawira, Imagine Africa|The problem is not lack of leadership, the problem is lack of good leadership
Alex Flinn, Beastly|People make such a big deal about looks, but after a while, when you know someone, you don´t even notice anymore...
Dada Bhagwan|If one takes responsibility for the mistakes, he is the true person, isn’t it? Do not insist. Instead of insisting, instead of blaming others, take the responsibility of the mistakes on your head!
Jonathan Galassi|Change can be frightening, and the temptation is often to resist it. But change almost always provides opportunities - to learn new things, to rethink tired processes, and to improve the way we work.
Janis Joplin|Oh Lord, won't you buy me a Mercedes Benz?
Peggy O'Mara|Don't stand unmoving outside the door of a crying baby whose only desire is to touch you. Go to your baby. Go to your baby a million times. Demonstrate that people can be trusted, that the environment can be trusted, that we live in a benign universe.
Richie Gerber, Jazz: America's Gift: From Its Birth to George Gershwin's Rhapsody in Blue & Beyond|In Jazz, like in America, the group works together toward a common cause with lots of room left for each individual to shine.
Munindra Misra, PT. Kanhaiya Lal Misra - My Father|Has Westhaven taken to gossiping?""He has not, but like most men, you assume the only communications of significance pass between the males of the species.
Meriwether Lewis|After all those years as a woman hearing 'not thin enough, not pretty enough, not smart enough, not this enough, not that enough,' almost overnight I woke up one morning and thought, 'I'm enough.'
Seneca|True happiness is to enjoy the present, without anxious dependence upon the future, not to amuse ourselves with either hopes or fears but to rest satisfied with what we have, which is sufficient, for he that is so wants nothing. The greatest blessings of mankind are within us and within our reach. A wise man is content with his lot, whatever it may be, without wishing for what he has not.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|We become so absorbed in our flaws and faults that we forget that it is better to be a diamond with a flaw than a pebble without. To have flaws is beauty in itself, a fact so frightening that we hurry to hide them from sight and tarnish the whole in the process of comparing ourselves to others.
Marissa Meyer, Stars Above|They had stood against all adversity to be together, and now they would forge their own path to love. She would be Kai’s wife. She would be the Commonwealth’s empress. And she had every intention of being blissfully happy for ever, ever after.
Trina M. Lee|Walking in darkness didn't mean having to become one with it, did it? Could we not live with our inner natures without embracing the true evil we all are privy to? Humans are no less evil than the worst of vampires at times. Surely right and wrong couldn't be so perfectly cut and dried.
Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince and Other Writings|Men always praise antiquity and fault the present, although not always reasonably, and they are partisans of things past such that not only do they celebrate those ages that they know from what historians have preserved of them, but also those that as old men they recall having seen in their youth. And if this opinion of theirs is false, as it is most of the time, I am persuaded that there are various causes that lead them into this deception.
Rick Riordan, Percy Jackson's Greek Heroes|Somethin’ about the lad draws her to ‘im, just like somethin’ about her draws ‘im to ‘er. You understand?”“No, not at all.” Ryder exhaled. “You say the word ‘him’ and ‘her’ so messed up, do you know that? The letter H is just completely disregarded.
Bram Stoker, Dracula|Thus was their relationship born on the swift kiss of a pun. Neither suspected what the other would become to each of them. Like phrases running wild in the Logos, they knew neither who nor by what mechanism nor for what reason they were whistled for (if they understood that they were whistled for at all). They were simply compelled to come together. Sophia was the question, and Blip was the answer. And vice versa.
Catherine Lacey, Nobody Is Ever Missing|My body felt like tangled rubber bands and dried-out pens and sticky paper clips, like the contents of a drawer where you put the things you don't have anywhere else to put, and I knew that the mind and body are connected, and that my bodily sensations were just messages from my mind, but I just wished there was a box or a drawer or a hole in the ground where I could put all this, all this mind and body stuff that I didn't know what else to do with.
Melanie Raabe, The Trap - FREE PREVIEW|If it looks like a duck, walks like a duck, quacks like a duck, you're probably in the wrong bathroom.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|Oh, I am so sick of the young men of the present day!” exclaimed she, rattling away at the instrument. “Poor, puny things, not fit to stir a step beyond papa’s park gates: nor to go even so far without mama’s permission and guardianship! Creatures so absorbed in care about their pretty faces, and their white hands, and their small feet; as if a man had anything to do with beauty! As if loveliness were not the special prerogative of woman—her legitimate appanage and heritage! I grant an ugly woman is a blot on the fair face of creation; but as to the gentlemen, let them be solicitous to possess only strength and valour: let their motto be:—Hunt, shoot, and fight: the rest is not worth a fillip. Such should be my device, were I a man.
Ron Paul, Liberty Defined: 50 Essential Issues That Affect Our Freedom|And yet even among the friends of liberty, many people are deceived into believing that government can make them safe from all harm, provide fairly distributed economic security, and improve individual moral behavior. If the government is granted a monopoly on the use of force to achieve these goals, history shows that power is always abused. Every single time.
Elizabeth Haydon, The Floating Island|Dorrie gave Larry's hand an excited, distracted squeeze that said: almost home. They were about to be matter-of-factly claimed by familiar streets and houses and the life they'd chosen or which had chosen them.
Confucius, The Analects|When the Master entered the great temple he asked about everything. Someone said, ‘Who will say that this son of the man of Zou knows about ritual? When he enters the temple, he asks about everything’. The Master heard of it and said, ‘This is the ritual’.
Alice Hoffman|Literature for me isn't a workaday job, but something which involves desires, dreams and fantasy.
Paul Ricœur, The Conflict of Interpretations|I have only ever known Guilt to have one weakness, one not easily given and not easily found: Forgiveness...In truth, Guilt’s strength lies not in the failure of others to grant us forgiveness, but in our failure to forgive ourselves.
Charles W. Chesnutt|Time sometimes flies like a bird, sometimes crawls like a snail; but a man is happiest when he does not even notice whether it passes swiftly or slowly.
Noam Chomsky, Imperial Ambitions: Conversations on the Post-9/11 World|If you give up every time you don't achieve the immediate gain you want, you're just guaranteeing that the worst is going to happen... You can't expect an easy victory after one protest march.
W. E. B. Du Bois|You've got to move us to these technologies that allow us to get to the clean-energy source. If we can't work to reduce the cost, you're not going to see them implemented unless there is a path of unlimited subsidies, and that's not doable, either. We can kick-start the research process, but we have to do that from a position of economic strength.
Martina McBride|Trust is to human relationships what faith is to gospel living. It is the beginning place, the foundation upon which more can be built. Where trust is, love can flourish.
Jane Siberry|Parents are working more than ever before and unable to monitor what kids are eating at home, and schools are selling astronomical amounts of junk food in order to supplement shrinking budgets. It's a ticking time bomb, and America's children are exploding.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Forgiveness is about your peace of mind. When you don't forgive, you are the one who suffers.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Don't beg anyone for any form of gratification, be it mental, psychological or sexual, for resorting to such practices in itself is an insult to your existence. Celebrate in your own grandeur with dignity!
Michael Phelps|Gucci is a rapper that doesn't try and be anything he's not - he's straight up. Yeah, maybe it's ironic and all, but I'm just a fan and have been one since day one. Gucci Mane is the cool uncle I never had, even though I'm sure I'm probably older than him.
Luo Guanzhong, Three Kingdoms: Classic Novel in Four Volumes|The reality is that the American people have no desire for an empire. This is not to say that they don't want the benefits, both economic and strategic. It simply means that they don't want to pay the price. Economically, Americans want the growth potential of open markets but not the pains. Politically, they want to have an enormous influence, but not the resentment of the world. Military, they want to be protected from dangers but not to bear the burdens of long-term strategy.
Dorothy L. Sayers, Busman's Honeymoon|I spent the last Friday of summer vacation spreading hot, sticky tar across the roof of George Washington High. My companions were Dopey, Toothless, and Joe, the brain surgeons in charge of building maintenance. At least they were getting paid. I was working forty feet above the ground, breathing in sulfur fumes from Satan's vomitorium, for
Mehmet Murat ildan|Darkness is always afraid of the positive thoughts, because they are also a species of light!
Daniel Kahneman|We all care intensely for the narrative of our own life and very much want it to be a good story, with a decent hero.
Charles Bracelen Flood, Lee The Last Years|His special gift was the ability to see the essence of a worthwhile suggestion and to relate it to what was already in existence or planned. Then he would encourage and shape the new project, repeatedly redesigning the curriculum so that a new department or course could have a comfortable place in which to grow and offer it benefits.
C. JoyBell C.|I really like the thing called friendship. And I think the most fulfilling kind of friendship is the one that you stumble quite randomly upon. Unexpected and unknown. You can learn a lot about yourself from these kinds of friendships, and some last a long time while others last only for the duration of time that you have together! But then I wonder, is the length of a friendship measured by the time you are given to spend within each others' company? Or is it measured by how long into the future you can look back at the photos you took, look back and replay the adventures and the laughter in your head; still feeling like it was one of the "bestest" times of your life? Because if it's the latter, I have a thousand friends!
Simon Kurt Unsworth, The Devil's Evidence|But joy is individual, and can only be experienced alone. Hell is communal, but Heaven is personal.
The Wind Sophia in Featherfoot|I ought to warn you, dear, he can get rather wild when he’s hungry
Mary Wollstonecraft, A Vindication of the Rights of Woman|I earnestly wish to point out in what true dignity and human happiness consists. I wish to persuade women to endeavor to acquire strength, both of mind and body, and to convince them that the soft phrases, susceptibility of heart, delicacy of sentiment, and refinement of taste, are almost synonymous with epithets of weakness, and that those beings are only the objects of pity, and that kind of love which has been termed its sister, will soon become objects of contempt.
Richard Hamming, The Art of Doing Science and Engineering: Learning to Learn|Vicarious learning from the experiences of others saves making errors yourself, but I regard the study of successes as being basically more important than the study of failures. There are so many ways of being wrong and so few of being right, studying successes is more efficient.
Kabir|Alternately in our lives come black and white.Nothing is visible through the silent dark hole:no light, no life, no meandering respitein the tunnel of death, journeys the eternal soul.
Bill Bailey|A lot of people say there's a fine line between genius and insanity. I don't think there's a fine line, I actually think there's a yawning gulf. You see some poor bugger scuffling up the road with balloons tied to his ears, he's not going home to invent a rocket, is he?
John Boyne|Please to put a nickel, please to put a dime. How petitions trickle in at Christmas time!
Mads Sukalikar, Do Virgins Taste Better? And Other Tales of Whimsy|When the Lilliputian family of the Pequenos migrated to Gulliver’s land of the Man Mountains, they expected to encounter many strange issues while settling in. What Mrs Pequenos didn’t anticipate was her daughter’s announcement that she was in love with a Man Mountain boy and was going to get married.
Cheri Bauer|I wish for magic this season,laughter and fun.I wish for mistletoe kisses-those sparkly ones.
Peggy Webb, The Mona Lucy|Purification and redemption are such recurrent themes in ritual because there is a clear and ubiquitous need for them: we all do regrettable things as a result of our own circumstances, and new rituals are frequently invented in response to new circumstances.
Israelmore Ayivor|The best way to easily identify a counterfeit currency is to have a full exposure to the original currency. If you don't know your true vision, any satanic vision can cross your way and you might not know it.
Sunday Adelaja|I just started watching KingDom Hospital series by Stephen King - Pretty Interesting Film. I just continue watching the series 11.22.63 incrediable film. It's wonderful that you can go in the past, who doesn't want to do this?
Zia Haider Rahman|In asking for a relic of Descartes, the chevalier de Terlon was standing at the crossroads of the ancient and modern. He was applying to a modern thinker - the inventor of analytic geometry, no less - a primitive tradition that extends back not only to the institutionalization of Christianity in the fourth century, when Christians first broke into the tombs of saints to gather relics, but farther still, beyond the horizon of recorded history. The request is all the stranger for the fact that the man whose remains were treated in this quasisaintlike way would go down in history as the progenitor of materialism, rationalism, and a whole tradition that looked on such veneration as nonsense.
Marina Diamandis Marina and the Diamonds|Been there, done that, got the t-shirt.Sold my soul and yeah, the truth hurts.
Chelsea Cain|This has been a covert preparation for an overt operation." - Rory in NEVER GO ALONE
Federico Fellini|I submit that the real reason we criticized and disliked Lynch's Laura's muddy bothness is that it required of us an empathetic confrontation with the exact same muddy bothness in ourselves and our intimates that makes the real world of moral selves so tense and uncomfortable, a bothness we go to the movies to get a couple hours' fucking relief from.
Sunday Adelaja|Biomasses are a biological reality that cannot be denied as existing, but even though they exist physically, yet they have not attained the height of Homo sapiens. Humans could be termed as biomasses when they don’t fully put into use their human qualifications. Men and women that don’t bother to think. Men and women that don’t bother to notice things that are out of order. People who are indifferent about the happenings around them. Men and women that don’t respond with solution to the challenges of the era. All of these people are united by one common name BIOMASSES.
Monique Truong, The Book of Salt|When people are warm, they cannot stand picking terms.
Emily Dickinson, Selected Letters|and so I sing, as the Boy does by the Burying Ground – because I am afraid –
Neal Stephenson, Reamde|That's the fashion. Fast as the speed of light, they say. Ha! It's got no soul, sir, no heart.
Oscar Wilde, The Importance of Being Earnest|You see, when medicine works, it is blessed science, and when it fails, it is witchcraft. - Polidori
Lailah Gifty Akita|Just as is child is conceived in a womb of a woman, miraculously, so is grace freely given by God, in sacred moment of salvation.
Mahendra Ramsinghani, The Business of Venture Capital: Insights from Leading Practitioners on the Art of Raising a Fund, Deal Structuring, Value Creation, and Exit Strategies|Successful companies are started, and made successful, by at least two, and usually more, soulmates.
Vincent Gallo|I worked at an ice cream parlor called Chadwicks. We wore old-timey outfits and had to bang a drum, play a kazoo, and sing 'Happy Birthday' to people while giving them free birthday sundaes. Lots of ice cream scooping and $1 tips.
Herbert Rosendorfer, The Architect of Ruins|I have never felt like I was creating anything. For me, writing is like walking through a desert and all at once, poking up through the hardpan, I see the top of a chimney. I know there's a house under there, and I'm pretty sure that I can dig it up if I want. That's how I feel. It's like the stories are already there. What they pay me for is the leap of faith that says: "If I sit down and do this, everything will come out OK.
Yuli Pritania, CallaSun|The best part (or maybe the worst) of loving you is... that I never have any plan to stop.Because I don't want to reach the end. Too afraid to catch the finish line.Let me do it slowly, wobbly, as if I'm decrepit.Because, by doing that, I have many years to go, never ending days to come... enough time... to stuck... with you.Helplessly addicted, stupidly enraptured... by you.I love you this way, and will keep loving you this way.So come... wear your white gown... because there is a ring, waiting for your finger.A vow, waiting for your mouth to say it out.A man... waiting for you... to make a commitment to spend every tomorrow... together. Go hand in hand, to any kind of future we maybe have.Let's be happy. Let me... to make you happy.Come, marry me, and I will show you what kind of life you will get by laying down your happiness on my hand.I will be thankful for every second, and I will make you feel the same.Come, marry me. Because I want to make you my wife, and me, your husband.Come, start it, and then end it. With me....
Mark A. Cooper, The Edelweiss Express|Love is like a magic trickYou know you are getting fooled, but still, you stand in lineAnd pay to see it again and again.
Arthur Schopenhauer|Our once simple, unified meaning of life is being shattered into many, sometimes competing, concepts.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|the great mountain when seen from a distance shall always seem closer to us but to get to it, and to climb to its apex to get the best view, we may need to take and experience the real walk with resilience and tenacity.
Shannon L. Alder|Thoughts might not be solid and always obtainable, but they become your reality when emotions are attached to them. Over time, they become your wants and form an attachment to your behavior.
Mehmet Murat ildan|This indignation builds up an accumulation of anger over the many ways I am being reminded by the system then and now of my inferiority. This gradual anger over one humiliation after another may be hard for men to understand and even women who have not had the need to seek redress from perpetrators and who have been allowed to grow as I did in my youth unhindered, protected from male dominated themes like the military."47 (47 - paraphrased from Gurko, Miriram, The Ladies of Seneca Falls; the Birth of the Women's Rights Movement, 1974.
Kathryn Stockett, The Help|You see, the mailman saw your husband during one of his walks.""He's my fiancé," I told her. "We are living in sin."Heather blinked, momentarily knocked off her stride, but recovered. "Oh, that's nice.""It's very nice. I highly recommend it.
Mary Balogh, At Last Comes Love|After all, what more does a true genius want? The mind itself is the palace where all the real treasures, the works of art, the indulgences exist.
Amanda M. Lyons, Wendy Won't Go|A figure held his daughter in the rocker. In the dim light he couldn’t make out the features, but the sight of anyone he didn’t know sitting in Wendy’s rocker with their daughter was enough to scare the shit out of him. Judging by the shuddering movements of his daughter’s body it had frightened her too, had caused her to mewl. He wanted to charge forward and reclaim his daughter, but he didn’t know what would happen if he acted so quickly. What would he do if it hurt her? What would he do if it killed her? “What-what do you want? I’ll do anything just don’t take my daughter. She’s…all I have left.”The figure stopped rocking and slowly eased its way to its feet. There’s not much light in the room but as it moved closer to the bed and it settled the baby in her crib, he saw just enough of her face in the moonlight.“Wendy?” His voice is as full of horror as it is with awe. He can’t help but be horrified at the sight of her now, the way that death has changed her, making her a terrible figure indeed. Her eyes are strange; some depth, some dark and terrible nothing has swallowed up all of her light, and in this first moment he swears he can feel the awful cold of that operating room coming off of her flesh. She is so small and so hard to look at, as if his mind can’t quite focus on her form. Through the bars of the crib he can see her anger and hear the terrible, alien sound of her hiss. “What do you want?”She doesn’t answer him, staring cold and blank through those stark white bars, and then she was scrambling toward him across the floor, making him press flat against the wall to get away from her skittering shape.
Daniel   Stern, Swingland: Between the Sheets of the Secretive, Sometimes Messy, but Always Adventurous Swinging Lifestyle|There is an element of selfishness to this, I suppose. It feels pretty good to be able to so quickly help someone. That is, after all, one of the great emotional payoffs of medicine. That isn't to say that ECT is either a panacea or without flaws - but when used in the right way for the right purposes it's of great benefit, and condemning it because it isn't perfect would lead to more suffering and harm, no less.
Jan Jansen|We have All our own Way and Thoughts about Life, please wake up
De philosopher DJ Kyos|If you have influence on other people. Dont be influenced by their hate, money, jealousy, anger and popularity .
Marci Shimoff, Chicken Soup for the Single's Soul (Chicken Soup for the Soul|Sometimes", said Miss Phillips, "the thing you dread doing the very thing you should do, just so you can stop thinking about it.
Heidi Julavits, The Uses of Enchantment|Like Semmering Academy, the Grove School was a Gothic pile of bricks run by 1950s-era chalk drones, which maintained its cultural viability by perpetuating a weirdly seductive anxiety throughout its community. Mary herself was a victim of the seduction; despite the trying and repetitive emotional requirements of her job, she remained eternally fascinated by the wicker-thin girls and their wicker-thin mothers, all of them favoring dark wool skirts and macintoshes and unreadably far-away expressions; if she squinted, they could have emerged intact from any of the last seven decades.
John Wycliffe|My notion of a wife at 40 is that a man should be able to change her, like a bank note, for two 20s.
E.B. White|A poet dares be just so clear and no clearer... He unzips the veil from beauty, but does not remove it. A poet utterly clear is a trifle glaring.
Tommy Wallach, Thanks for the Trouble|People don't like getting older, but they do like changing
David Foster Wallace, Both Flesh and Not: Essays|You have a great deal of yourself on the line, writing— your vanity is at stake. You discover a tricky thing about fiction writing; a certain amount of vanity is necessary to be able to do it all, but any vanity above that certain amount is lethal.
Nicolás Gómez Dávila|I spent a long time in the study of the abstract sciences, and was disheartened by the small number of fellow-students in them. When I commenced the study of man, I saw that these abstract sciences are not suited to man, and that I was wandering further from my own state in examining them, than others in not knowing them. I pardoned their little knowledge; but I thought at least to find many companions in the study of man, and that it was the true study which is suited to him. I have been deceived; still fewer study it than geometry. It is only from want of knowing how to study this that we seek the other studies. But is it not that even here is not the knowledge which man should have, and that for the purposes of happiness it is better for him not to know himself?
José Saramago, Baltasar and Blimunda|Whether is is a good or bad deal depends, for money does not always keep its value, unlike mankind, whose value is always the same, everything and nothing.
Richard M DeVos|He'd never been an optimist. He saw the world as it was, or he tried to. That was a problem, though, when the truth he saw was so terrible.
Erin Morgenstern, The Night Circus|Do you remember all of your audiences?" Marco asks. "Not all of them," Celia says. "But I remember the people who look at me the way you do.""What way might that be?""As though they cannot decide if they are afraid of me or they want to kiss me."" I am not afraid of you," Marco says.
Haruki Murakami|To what extent facts we recognize as such really are as they seem, and to what extent these are facts merely because we label them as such, is an impossible distinction to draw. Therefore, in order to pin down reality as reality, we need another reality to relativize the first. Yet that other reality requires a third reality to serve as its grounding. An endless chain is created within our consciousness, and it is the maintenance of this chain which produces the sensation that we are actually here, that we ourselves exist. But something can happen to sever that chain and we are at a loss. What is real? Is reality on this side of the break in the chain? Or over there, on the other side?
Jami Attenberg, The Middlesteins|Orien,” Birle protested again. “You can stay if you must.” Orien’s cheeks were hollow with hunger and he had little strength for anger. “But I wish you’d come. I don’t know how long it would be before I could come back for you.” So she followed him, since he would return for her.
Rob Thomas, Rats Saw God|Good madonna, give me leave toprove you a fool.
Diane Wolkstein|Oh God, let me not be cured of love, but let my passion grow! Let me love for love's sake!
Mohsin Hamid, Moth Smoke|When the uncertain future becomes the past, the past in turn becomes uncertain
Mensah Oteh, The Good Life: Transform your life through one good day|Your environment and the associations you keep will affect how you think, feel, and act, and ultimately the results you get.
Elizabeth Cady Stanton|The moment we begin to fear the opinions of others and hesitate to tell the truth that is in us, and from motives of policy are silent when we should speak, the divine floods of light and life no longer flow into our souls.
J.R. Ward, Lover at Last|He had been aware of the distance traveled by his heart, similar to the way a hiker became lost in the wilderness. A half mile out and you could still see where you had started, could easily find the way back home. But ten miles and a number of forks in your trail later and there was no going back. At that point, you had no choice but to marshal the resources to build yourself a shelter and put down fresh roots.
John Rachel, A Long Night's Journey Into Daylight|We hold our dreams and ideals close to our hearts, where the promises are made to the future generations.
Zack Love, The Syrian Virgin|Don’t invite envy to your house – you never know who will show up,” she used to warn me.
Boris Pasternak, Doctor Zhivago|Memory's images, once they are fixed in words, are erased.
Debasish Mridha|Love is the stimulation for the creation. If there is no love, there is no humanity.
Moriah McStay, Everything That Makes You|It's just... You sound like lorde. But like, with maple syrup.
Joseph Brodsky|The truth is that everyone is bored, and devotes himself to cultivating habits.
Banana Yoshimoto, N.P|If he didn`t want his opinion,why did he ask for it?
El Fuego|The cold and crystal clear water, it falls gently on the sleeper, cleansing the mind and soothing the soul...
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|I Think it is lost.....but nothing is ever lost nor can be lost .The body sluggish, aged, cold, the ember left from earlier fires shall duly flame again.
Scilla Elworthy|Back in those early days when I began my apprenticeship as a poet, I also tried to voice our anger, spirit of defiance and resistance in a Jamaican poetic idiom.
Alexis Coe, Alice + Freda Forever: A Murder in Memphis|In the mind of the public, she seemed endowed with an almost supernatural power to commit heinous acts, no matter the time or place.
Seamus McGraw, Betting the Farm on a Drought: Stories from the Front Lines of Climate Change|Everywhere my feet have touched on this planet has been magic, why cant others see it this way?
Beni Johnson|We see the world not as it is, but as we are.
Marya Hornbacher, Madness: A Bipolar Life|You survived by seizing every tiny drop of love you could find anywhere, and milking it, relishing it, for all it was worth. And as you grew up, you sought love, anywhere you could find it, whether it was a teacher or a coach or a friend or a friend's parents. You sought those tiny droplets of love, basking in them when you found them. They sustained you. For all these years, you've lived under the illusion that somehow, you made it because you were tough enough to overpower the abuse, the hatred, the hard knocks of life. But really you made it because love is so powerful that tiny little doses of it are enough to overcome the pain of the worst things life can dish out. Toughness was a faulty coping mechanism you devised to get by. But, in reality, it has been your ability to never give up, to keep seeking love, and your resourcefulness to make that love last long enough to sustain you. That is what has gotten you by.
Joyce Carol Oates|When you're in the throes of this romantic love, it's overwhelming - you're out of control, you're irrational, you're going to the gym at 6 A.M. every day - Why? Because she's there.
Angela N. Blount, Once Upon a Road Trip|Everybody’s damaged. It’s just a question of how badly, and whether you’re healing or still bleeding.
John C. Calhoun|The idea of the Songun revolution is an idea of giving importance and precedence to military affairs in implementing the masses' cause of independence, the socialist cause, and pushing ahead with the overall revolution and construction with the revolutionary army as the core force.
Ivanka Trump|I listen to music - Lady Gaga, Kanye, Jay-Z, the Beatles, Robert Plant - while I'm walking down Fifth Avenue to my office in the Trump Tower early each morning.
H. L. Mencken|If we are to judge of love by its consequences, it more nearly resembles hatred than friendship.
David C. Pollock, Third Culture Kids: Growing Up Among Worlds|Anthropologist Gary Weaver suggested looking at culture as a kind of iceberg: one portion is clearly visible above the surface of the water, while the much larger chunk of ice is hidden below. The part above the water can be considered surface culture––what we can physically see or hear, including behavior, words, customs, language, and traditions. Underneath the water, invisible to all, is the deep culture. This place includes our beliefs, values, assumptions, worldview, and thought processes.
James Rothman|I decided to take two years between finishing undergraduate and beginning medical school to devote fully to medical research. I knew that I wanted to go to medical school during undergraduate, but I was also eager to get a significant amount of research experience.
Mark Batterson, All In: You Are One Decision Away From a Totally Different Life|There are spiritual gifts like mercy, faith, or generosity that enable people to set the standard, so to speak. But just because you don't have that spiritual gift doesn't mean you aren't held to any standard at all. Even if you aren't gifted in that way, you're still called to live mercifully, faithfully, and generously. You might not set the standard, but you need to meet the standard. There is a baseline that all of us are called to. When the opportunity presents itself, we need to show mercy, exercise faith, and give generously. In the same sense, all of us are called to take risks. If it doesn't involve risk, it doesn't exercise faith.
Rainer Maria Rilke|The one so loved that a single lyreraised more lament than lamenting women ever did;and that from the lament a world arose in whicheverything was there again: woods and valleyand path and village, field and river and animal;and around this lament-world, just asaround the other earth, a sunand a starry silent heaven turned,a lament-heaven of disordered stars -- :This one so loved.
John Bruna|Truly listening, attentively, and with care, is one of the simplest and most kind gifts we can give anyone.
Julie Highmore, The Message|Once more, he was immersing himself in books, reaching the end of long articles, even going back over paragraphs to make sure he'd grasped things. How much more satisfying it was than all that skimming, all that jumping around. At present, he was working his way, deliciously, through a book on Mendel, the father of genetics. A man who might not have spend seven years watching peas, if he'd had the internet.
Cassandra Clare|It now lately sometimes seemed a black miracle to me that people could actually care deeply about a subject or pursuit, and could go on caring this way for years on end. Could dedicate their entire lives to it. It seemed admirable and at the same time pathetic. We are all dying to give our lives away to something, maybe.
Lindsay Armstrong, Enter My Jungle|If some men think they've been outdone by a woman, well, they hit back with the best weapon they have. And that's to put you in your place and let you think you only have one use in life.
Mitch Kapor|Today, computers are almost second nature to most of us.
Jeffrey Eugenides|Often he had the impression that the person answering questions from the scratchy armchair was a dummy he was controlling, that this had been true throughout his life, and that his life had become so involved with operating the dummy that he, the ventriloquist, had ceased to have a personality, becoming just an arm stuffed up the puppet's back.
Sara Gruen, Flying Changes|The person following is never in control, which she knows full well and which is exactly why she does it.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|I must talk, and you must listen, for we are engaged here in the most important pursuit in history: the search for meaning. What is the nature of being a person? What is the best way to go about being a person? How did we come to be, and what will become of us when we are no longer? In short: What are the rules of this game, and how might we best play it?
Neil Leckman|The poems are all wrong. It's a bang, a really big bang. Not a whimper. And sometimes gold can stay.
Thomm Quackenbush, Artificial Gods|We all act crazy when we fall in love, stupid when we miss them, and insane when we lose them.
Sandeep Mehra|This planet is a "Hell" and there is no "Heaven" up there. So, learn to be "Happy in Hell".
Mary Wollstonecraft|I look at an ant and I see myself: a native South African, endowed by nature with a strength much greater than my size so I might cope with the weight of a racism that crushes my spirit.
Lisa Kleypas, Dreaming of You|Derek's breath touched Sara's throat in unsteady urges. "Sometimes," he whispered, "I'm so close to you ... and I'm still not close enough. I want to share your breath ... every beat of your heart."He cradled her head in both his hands, his mouth hot on her neck. "Sometimes," he murmured, "I want to punish you a little.""Why?""For making me want you until I ache with it. For the way I wake at night just to watch you sleeping." His face was intense and passionate above her, his green eyes sharp in their brightness. "I want you more each time I'm with you. It's a fever that never leaves me. I can't be alone without wondering where you are, when I can have you again." His lips possessed hers in a kiss that was both savage and tender, and she opened to him eagerly.
|One of the best gifts that you could ever give to your family and the people around you, is to be unconditionally in unity with them.
Paul Aertker, Brainwashed|The wrought-iron gate squeaked as Lucas opened it. He lowered the rented bike down the stone steps and onto the sidewalk. To his right was the most famous Globe Hotel in Paris, disguised under another name. In front of the entrance five Curukians sat on mopeds. Lu-cas and his eighteen-month-old friend then shot out across the street and through the invisible beam of an-other security camera.He rode diagonally across the place de la Concorde and headed toward the river. It seemed only natural. The motorcycles trailed him. He pedaled fast across the Alex-andre III bridge and zipped past Les Invalides hospital. He tried to turn left at the Rodin Museum, but Goper rode next to him, blocking his escape.
Gossy Ukanwoke|By all means, learn beyond the classroom. In the end, thats all that will matter
Dart Gray, The Introspective Debate of Owen Brody|I think they would like the songs betterif I left out the names, or changedthe pronouns.
Neil Gaiman, Anansi Boys|I think all - or the ones thet I've run into - tend to have a faintly tenuous relationship with the real world, because so much is going on on the inside. They may be geniuses but they often need someone to walk around holding a string. They're sort of balloons, bobbing around.
Kenya Wright, Flirting with Chaos|Nervousness from earlier surged back into me. Goodness. He was honey poured over an athletic body. Short, sandy-blond curls outlined his face, which boasted full lips, high cheek bones, and long lashes that any woman would envy. Even with those soft features, his face appeared hard and sculpted by an artist.
Cherise Sinclair, My Liege of Dark Haven|You wouldn’t be here if you didn’t care, Abby.”“I don’t.” She glared at him, so full of life she almost glowed.“You do.” He kissed the pouting lips lightly. “And I’m going to keep you.
Kamaran Ihsan Salih, Latest Proverbs|Study to learn, do not study to pass.
Brigham Young, Journal of Discourses, Volume 9|If you are ever called upon to chasten a person, never chasten beyond the balm you have within you to bind up.
mohammad rishad sakhi|Every sort of trouble I can think of, we've tried it out- become expert at some of it, even, so much so that I've come to wonder whether artists in particularity seek out hard times the way flowers turn their faces toward the sun.
Keith Richards, Life|...I take the view that God, in his infinite wisdom, didn't bother to spring for two joints - heaven and hell. They're the same place, but heaven is when you get everything you want and you meet Mommy and Daddy and your best friends and you all have a hug and a kiss and play your harps. Hell is the same place - no fire and brimstone - but they just all pass by and don't see you. There's nothing, no recognition. You're waving, "It's me, your father," but you're invisible. You're on a cloud, you've got your harp, but you can't play with nobody because they don't see you. That's hell.
Henrik Ibsen, A Doll's House|NORA: Yes; it is just so, Torvald. While I was still at home with father, he used to tell me all his views, and so of course I held the same views; if at any time I had a different view I concealed it, because he would not have liked people with opinions of their own. He used to call me his little doll, and play with me, as I in my turn used to play with my dolls. Then I came to live in your house.
Kirk Douglas, Climbing The Mountain: My Search For Meaning|New York was packed with writers, real writers, because there were magazines, real magazines, loads of them. This was back when the Internet was still some exotic pet kept in the corner of the publishing world--throw some kibble at it, watch it dance on its little leash, oh quite cute, it definitely won't kill us in the night.
Elizabeth Bourgeret|A woman in love respects and raises up her man. She is his constant source of support. She matches his heart and passions with her own. She sees the very best in him, even when he does not. She is his foundation; what he returns home to.
Sunday Adelaja|There is this question of otherness….So just as it is blood alone that binds people to defend one another in the face of danger, on the spiritual plane one person will struggle to help another only if this person is not ‘different’, and if, quite aside from opinions and convictions, they share similar natures at the deepest level.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|Sometimes we make being happy so difficult.And being thankful such a chore. Starting the day like a job we hate. Beginning it like swallowing ten tablespoons of devil made cough syrup.Because, somehow, along the way, we forget that being alive and healthy and happy are noble goals – or just good ideas.And that the opposite of being alive is being dead. What a choice.
John Key|Luckily, my husband is my business partner as well as my life partner, so I never had to do the heavy lifting alone, literally or figuratively.
Guy Debord|I shall always attribute my uncertain start in New Zealand to the fact that I was introduced too early to what is knows as the 'five o'clock swill'. The phrase has, when you consider it, a wonderful pastoral - one might almost say idyllic - ring to it. It conjures up a picture of fat but hungry porcines, all freshly scrubbed, eagerly and gratefully partaking of their warm mash from the horny but kindly hands of the jovial farmer, a twinkling eyed son of the soil.Nothing could be further from the truth.The five o'clock swill is the direct result of New Zealand's imbecilic licensing laws. In order to prevent people getting drunk the pubs close at six, just after the workers leave work. This means they have to leave their place of employment, rush frantically to the nearest pub, and make a desperate attempt to drink as much beer as they can in the shortest possible time. As a means of cutting down drunkenness, this is quite one of the most illogical deterrents I have come across.
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|If your thoughts, feelings and actions are not in harmony of what you desire, you won't materialize it.
Patricia MacLachlan|A screaming comes across the sky. It has happened before, but there is nothing to compare it to now.
Erik Bundy, Magic and Murder Among the Dwarves|Wickedness never rests easily so, in a way, one might almost feel pity for the wicked, for they are destined to live their lives in fear, in a prison of the heart.
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|Delivering a commencement address is a great responsibility; or so I thought until I cast my mind back to my own graduation. The commencement speaker that day was the distinguished British philosopher Baroness Mary Warnock. Reflecting on her speech has helped me enormously in writing this one, because it turns out that I can’t remember a single word she said. This liberating discovery enables me to proceed without any fear that I might inadvertently influence you to abandon promising careers in business, the law or politics for the giddy delights of becoming a gay wizard.
E. Lockhart, Real Live Boyfriends: Yes. Boyfriends, Plural. If My Life Weren't Complicated, I Wouldn't Be Ruby Oliver|And I met Madeline's necromancer. His name's Luca." "A death detector?" Tod made a face. "That's creepy." "It gets weirder. He's dating Sophie." "On purpose?
Samuel S. Vaughan, Editors on Editing: What Writers Need to Know About What Editors Do|To write a novel is to dream a story and write it down on the page. That’s why the power of a really good story is one of true magic. Good stories engage the reader utterly in the writer’s dream so the dream becomes theirs, too.
John Green, Paper Towns|I'd had nearly four years of experience looking at these clocks, but their sluggishness never ceased to surprise. If I am ever told that I have one day to live, I will head straight to the hallowed halls of Winter Park High School, where a day has been known to last a thousand years.
Harold Kushner|When we are afraid we ought not to occupy ourselves with endeavoring to prove that there is no danger, but in strengthening ourselves to go on in spite of the danger.
Margaret Atwood, Cat's Eye|Vanity is becoming a nuisance, I can see why women give it up, eventually. But I'm not ready for that yet.
Henri Poincare|Blind faith, no matter how passionately expressed, will not suffice. Science for its part will test relentlessly every assumption about the human condition.
Etienne de L'Amour, The Host and the Guests|Don't just stand there and nod. The mind observes and cogitates, the heart engages, and I would encourage you to engage with the process.
Brian K. Vaughan, Ex Machina, Vol. 1: The First Hundred Days|The uniformity of the earth's life, more astonishing than its diversity, is accountable by the high probability that we derived, originally, from some single cell, fertilized in a bolt of lightning as the earth cooled. It is from the progeny of this parent cell that we take our looks; we still share genes around, and the resemblance of the enzymes of grasses to those of whales is a family resemblance.
Patti Smith|I think the poetry that came out of Belfast, and especially the Queen's University set, in the 1970s and '80s - you know, Paul Muldoon and Seamus Heaney, Derek Mahon and Ciaran Carson - that was probably the finest body of work since the Gaelic renaissance, up there with the work of Yeats and Synge and Lady Gregory.
Robert Ferrigno, Prayers for the Assassin|I flow like a butter in the nailed pan I stole. I also kept the nail, to polish and use as a means of teleportation.
Elizabeth Norris, Unraveling|Jamie said in that voice of his, "You never saw us.""I never saw you," the driver repeated, sounding dazed. "You drove this astonishingly hot underwear model from south Texas. You wanted to lick his abs." "I wanted to lick his abs.""You're such an asshole," Stella muttered as she climbed out of the cab.
Pazaria Smith|We see answers to prayer all around us.our home, family, children, healing, life, love,are all answers to prayer.
Theodore Roosevelt, An Art Exhibition|When you employ HUMOR, you create a friendly, relaxed buying atmosphere.
Kate Hattemer, The Vigilante Poets of Selwyn Academy|The oblivion fear is something else, fear that I won’t be able to give anything in exchange for my life. If you don’t live alife in service of a greater good, you’ve gotta at least die a death in service of a greater good, you know? And I fear that I won’t get either alife or a death that means anything.
John Barth, Lost in the Funhouse|It's not that girls are delusional, per se. It's just that they have this subtle ability to warp actual circumstances into something different.
Conor McGregor|On Sunday morning, it's Brooklyn Bagels on Beverly Boulevard. We get them hot. Then we walk some of the famous Silver Lake steps or hike in the hills to the highest vantage point to see the reservoir.
Doris Kearns Goodwin, The Bully Pulpit: Theodore Roosevelt, William Howard Taft, and the Golden Age of Journalism|Go ahead, and fear not. You will have a full library at your service.
Patrick O'Brian|Lose your freedom, and become a slave by borrowing.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Shadow|Looking back, I have come to realize that the gang lifestyle back then—the fame, the respect, and the recognition—was stronger and powerful than any drug. We were serious with what we were dealing with. It was like a do or die situation. Shelton ‘Apples’ Burrows reform gang leader
Anaïs Nin|There were silences in my head. I could abandon myself completely to the pleasure of multiple relationships, to the beauty of the day, to the joys of the day. It was as if a cancer in me had ceased gnawing me. The cancer of introspection.
James  Jones, From Here to Eternity|Only the passionate were immortal, it seemed. If you fought, screwed, screamed, laughed, or otherwise experienced life intensely, for better or worse, you left a record. Those who lived a quiet, well-behaved, well-tempered life? Gone without a trace.
Eyden I., Kiss Friendzone Goodbye|Year Zillion“What is your contribution to society?”“I mind my own business and I always know when to shut the fuck up.”**Gets Nobel Prize**If two people are happy together, just leave them alone.
Tony Dovale|WHY has no value, if you cannot rethink resourcefulness in a limited context.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire|Aunt Petunia burst into tears. Hestia Jones gave her an approving look that changed to outrage as Aunt Petunia ran forward and embraced Dudley rather than Harry.'S-so sweet, Dudders...' she sobbed into his massive chest. 'S-such a lovely b-boy...s-saying thank you...''But he hadn't said thank you at all!' said Hestia indignantly. 'He only said he didn't think Harry was a waste of space!''Yeah, but coming from Dudley that's like "I love you.
Christian Louboutin|There's a certain elitism that has crept into the attitudes of some in journalism, and it played out perfectly over the issue of these little American flag lapel pins.
Kate Atkinson|A team goes through stages of birth, childhood, puberty, adolescence, maturity, and aging in its development.
Perry Noble, Overwhelmed: Winning the War Against Worry|Jesus died on the cross not only so I wouldn't have to go to hell, but also to give me an abundant life on this Earth.
Yudhanjaya Wijeratne, Numbercaste|Jesse reached into a bottom drawer and brought out a bottle of... oh, hey, single-malt scotch. Some SOFs did know how to live.
Albert Camus, A Happy Death|She had accepted him as he was and had spared him a great deal of loneliness. He had been unfair: while his imagination and vanity had given her too much importance, his pride had given her too little. He discovered the cruel paradox by which we always deceive ourselves twice about the people we love - first to their advantage, then to their disadvantage.
Santosh Thankachan|Your commitment must be full, and then you will see fruit.
Betsey Johnson|Well, wouldn't it have been easier if she'd just asked me whether I liked her better than you?""Girls don't often ask questions like that," said Hermione."Well, they should!" said Harry forcefully.
Dan Millman|Pain is a relatively objective, physical phenomenon; suffering is our psychological resistance to what happens. Events may create physical pain, but they do not in themselves create suffering. Resistance creates suffering. Stress happens when your mind resists what is... The only problem in your life is your mind's resistance to life as it unfolds. 
Aase Berg|Poetry is a will to put things right, an imaginary solution, a way of avoiding a catastrophe that already happened. Poetry is an escape, perhaps intelligent, perhaps idiotic, from a senile situation. It is a dialectical movement, it keeps tearing open the wounds while trying to heal them. Here we see the only acceptable path open up towards an existence worthy of human beings. Here the seriousness is unfaltering and absolute. Where it will lead no one knows.
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|Can I be honest with you, Mr. Wind-Up Bird? I mean, really, really, really honest? Sometimes I get sooo scared! I’ll wake up in the middle of the night all alone, hundreds of miles away from anybody, and it’s pitch dark, and I have absolutely no idea what’s going to happen to me in the future, and I get so scared I want to scream. Does that happen to you, Mr. Wind-Up Bird? When it happens, I try to remind myself that I am connected to others—other things and other people. I work as hard as I can to list their names in my head. On that list, of course, is you, Mr. Wind-Up Bird. And the alley, and the well, and the persimmon tree, and that kind of thing. And the wigs that I’ve made here with my own hands. And the little bits and pieces I remember about the boy. All these little things (though you’re not just another one of those little things, Mr. Wind-Up Bird, but anyhow…) help me to come back “here” little by little.
Tiffany Madison|Perhaps the Creator of this strange place knows us better than we know ourselves. Perhaps humanity was meant to eternally ponder the purpose and importance of our own existence. If we were assured of either, we’d be intolerable creatures.
Michel de Montaigne|Even from their infancy we frame them to the sports of love: their instruction, behavior, attire, grace, learning and all their words azimuth only at love, respects only affection. Their nurses and their keepers imprint no other thing in them.
Himmilicious|Your biggest mistake is thinking the other person gets affected or cares about how you feel. You think, your suffering, your feelings, and your pain is felt by the person you’re sinking for..
Rachel Renée Russell, Tales from a Not-So-Fabulous Life|I'll pluck out my eye with a pencil and eat it with a Spam and mustard sandwich IF ONLY you'll sit me at lunch today, MacKenzie!
Mitch Albom, For One More Day|Why don’t you just pretend that the asshole dropped dead? You can’t call or write to a dead man. Put a couple of candles in front of his picture, say a few Hail Marys, and get it over with.
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|He wants as many victors as possible for the cameras to follow in the Capitol. Thinks it makes for better television.""Are you and Beetee going?" I ask."As many young and attractive victors as possible," Haymitch corrects himself. "So, no. We'll be here.
Michio Kaku|I think it's very dangerous, the idea of celebrity - you have to be constantly controversial to maintain the status of celebrity. Reality TV is the death of entertainment - it's just mindless TV but popular because of its voyeuristic nature, and people are very voyeuristic.
Dennis Sharpe, First Boy|She looked at him like it physically hurt her not to speak, and yet she stayed silent.
Sara  Barnard, A Quiet Kind of Thunder|If a person does not satisfy the need to self-actualization, his satisfaction and anxiety increases
David Ives|It's been a great adventure, everything I hoped for. But it's time to go home. I miss my family. I miss the Earth.
Garth Greenwell|Poetry never makes any money, and so there's no pressure to appeal to an audience. That makes a lot of things about being a poet difficult, but it also means freedom to write whatever you want to write, however you want to write it.
Hillary Clinton|All religions must be made child-proof. Our teachers' unions have done good work in this field, K through 12. Delaying first communions and bar mitzvahs until age 21 would be another positive step.
B. Lloyd Reese, In the Shadows of Myrmidons|Then you're seventy-five, friends are dead, and you've replaced at least one major organ: you have to pee four times a night, and you can't go up a flight a stairs without being little winded -- and your're told you're in pretty good shape for your age. [....], in a decade you'll be eighty-five, and the only difference between you and a raisin will be that while you're both wrinkled and without a prostate, the raisin never had a prostate to begin with.
Robin Bielman, His Million Dollar Risk|Oh, crap.The last person she wanted to run into this morning when she had to be super-professional was Hot Pool Guy. Before she had a chance to hide behind a plant or something, his gaze connected with hers and held her hostage.He flashed a smile and headed her way. Shit. She got to her feet thinking she'd say a quick hello before telling him she was meeting someone and excuse herself. Look away from those amazing dark eyes before you get yourself in trouble. She forced her attention down.And found a logo on the breast pocket of his white polo shirt.Word.Heritage.Fund.Kill her now.
Donna Augustine, The Wilds|From Got Luck --"Tell me why we’re doing this again?” Erin asked.“Remember what we learned from Return of the Jedi?”“No. What?”“We learned you can be the most powerful sorcerer in the galaxy but if someone grabs you and throws you down an energy shaft, you die like everybody else.
Frank Peretti|All I can hope to do is instill great morality in my son and trust him along the way. The music he listens to or how he chooses to wear his hair doesn't define his moral compass, and if he wants to listen to country music and wear a cowboy hat too, that's fine.
D.H. Lawrence, Lady Chatterley's Lover|I only want one thing of men, and that is, that they should leave me alone.
E.E.D. Horton, Conversations With A Pigeon|People who do not eat butterflies will wear their clothes the wrong way, and people who wear their clothes the wrong way are inviting lemmings inside." -- Muzhduk the Ugli the Third
David Smail, Power, Interest and Psychology: Elements of a Social Materialist Understanding of Distress|There is, I suggest, a strong positive correlation between a) the height of the rung occupied on the ladder of power, b) the strength of a sense of personal virtue, and c) the firmness of the conviction that those lower down could and certainly should act more responsibly.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|I don’t have any fancy story,about the way we fell in love.It was that one awkward move,and the next I remember, I was looking at you.
Martin Heidegger,|Philosophy is metaphysics. Metaphysics thinks beings as a whole―the world, man, God―with respect to Being, with respect to the belonging together of beings in Being. Metaphysics thinks beings as being in the manner of representational thinking which gives reasons. For since the beginning of philosophy and with that beginning, the Being of beings has showed itself as the ground (arche, aition, principle). The ground is that from which beings as such are what they are in their becoming, perishing, and persisting as something that can be known, handled, and worked upon. As the ground, Being brings beings to their actual presencing. The ground shows itself as presence. The present of presence consists in the fact that it brings what is present each in its own way to presence. In accordance with the actual kind of presence, the ground has the character of grounding as the ontic causation of the real, as the transcendental making possible of the objectivity of objects, as the dialectical mediation of the movement of the absolute Spirit and of the historical process of production, as the will to power positing values."―from_The End of Philosophy and the Task of Thinking_
Paul Robeson|It's my view that human dignity - an attribute which for years has been taken by the Left in British politics - resides in fact in Tory values of independence, individuality and self determination.
Thomas Vazhakunnathu, God Does Not Play Dice|We become a master of something only when we know the truth of it. Similarly, when we know the truth of our soul and the oneness of the Universe then we are a Master of Life.
Roy T. Bennett|If you care about something enough, you'll find a way to make it happen.
Richard Lovelace|For people who are really talented, what you don't say becomes extremely important. You have to judge what to say and what to leave alone so you can let the talent develop.
Joyce Meyer|Picking a best friend who stands up for what she believes in, is true to herself and allows you to be yourself without judgement of how 'cool' you are? Well, now you're picking a friend for life.
Ruth Rendell|I'm up all night, and then next thing you know, it's the morning, and I'll sleep, like, three hours. I'm a night owl. I'm usually in the studio at night working, and then I get home, I'm on my phone looking at Instagram pictures and buying stuff.
John Andre|The enemy fought with savage fury, and met death with all its horrors, without shrinking or complaining: not one asked to be spared, but fought as long as they could stand or sit.
Russell T. Davies|Because to take away a man's freedom of choice, even his freedom to make the wrong choice, is to manipulate him as though he were a puppet and not a person.
Chloe Thurlow, Katie in Love|All good art is political. Between the lines of every book, the author implants messages for the unsuspecting reader. If not, what point does it serve?
Jenson Button|Police in China can do whatever they want; after 81 days in arbitrary detention you clearly realise that they don't have to obey their own laws. In a society like this there is no negotiation, no discussion, except to tell you that power can crush you any time they want - not only you, your whole family and all people like you.
David Paul Kirkpatrick, The Address Of Happiness|And she loved the way he made her feel, the way her heart beat when he was near, the electricity she felt at his touch, and the nervous butterflies he always caused in her stomach.
Gugu Mona|Dear Jesus! you are so precious to me. I thank God that even if I went through so much loss in life, I still have you.
Deepak Burfiwala, Self-Ignorance Is Your Problem. Self-Awareness Is Your Solution.: Success Is Your Birthright! Life Is Yours and You Are the Pilot of It, Do Something about It.|self-education is the education of your inner infinite creative resources and essential to get if you want to live a life of freedom, abundance and fulfillment.
Marshall Ramsay, Dreaming is for lovers|Sometimes you just have to stop and take in your surroundings. Really look at where you are in life, otherwise it's just going to pass you by. Regret is a heavy word to live with." - Riley
Ann Brashares, The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants|In a way it scared me, having a summer of experiences and feelings that belonged to me alone. What happened in front of my friends felt read. What happened to me by myself felt partly dreamed, partly imagined, definitely shifted and warped by own fears and wants. And who knows? Maybe there is more truth in how you feel than in what actually happens.
Melanie Shankle, Sparkly Green Earrings: Catching the Light at Every Turn|If you, free as you are of every weighthad stayed below, then that would be as strangeas living flame on earth remaining still."And then she turned her gaze up toward the heavens.
Francis of Assisi|The hero is one who kindles a great light in the world, who sets up blazing torches in the dark streets of life for men to see by.
Shakieb Orgunwall|What people think of you is only what they think of themselves. They look at you and see the maladies, the faults they've been carrying within themselves for the longest time. And they identified each flaw they found exactly because of this familiarity and acquaintance with their very own symptoms. How else did they recognize them in you?
Quentin Bryce|Communication is the key, and it's one thing I had to learn-to talk to the actors. I was so involved with the visual and technical aspects that I would forget about the actors.
Lyza Matociños|Why had Ovid lived in Ancient Rome in 20 BCE23 and not Chicago in 2006 CE? Would Ovid still have been Ovid if he had lived in America? No, he wouldn’t have been, because he would have been a Native American or possibly an American Indian or a First Person or an Indigenous Person, and they did not have Latin or any other kind of written language then. So did Ovid matter because he was Ovid or because he lived in Ancient Rome?
David Chalmers|There's something very beautiful and compelling about someone who has ambition and someone who knows what they want, but it can get a little frustrating at times, so I understand that. I have sympathy for that.
Rob Lowe|Dad is and always will be my living, breathing superhero.
David Graeber, Debt: The First 5,000 Years|But if Smith was right, and gold and silver became money through the natural workings of the market completely independently of governments, then wouldn't the obvious thing be to just grab control of the gold and silver mines?
Steven Redhead, Life Is Simply A Game|Life is fleeting, and the wonder can be lost within the confusion of worldly reality.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|The more often he feels without acting, the less he will be able ever to act, and, in the long run, the less he will be able to feel.
