John Irving, A Prayer for Owen Meany|Great words, arranged with cunning and artistry, could change the perceived world for some readers
Elizabeth Wurtzel, Prozac Nation|I don't want any more of this try, try again stuff. I just want out. I’ve had it. I am so tired. I am twenty and I am already exhausted.
Paul La Farge, The Night Ocean|As a Freudian, I'm not supposed to use words like evil; my business is with instinct, memory, and desire. Nevertheless, I've been wondering, lately, whether evil might exist. If it does, I've been thinking, it might be like what Freud called the navel of the dream, the place where all the lines of meaning the analyst has so carefully traced through the patient's life vanish into the unknown. But where the navel of the dream is essentially harmless phenomenon, a point where the dream's meaning is sufficiently understood, and further interpretation would be pointless, evil is a mystery with power. It reaches up into the world and makes everything mysterious.
Henry Van Dyke|You know it's love when all you want is that person to be happy, even if you're not part of their happiness.
Audrey Hepburn|So how on earth can I bring a child into the world, knowing that such sorrow lies ahead, that it is such a large part of what it means to be human?I'm not sure. That's my answer: I'm not sure.
Peter Duncan|What's fame, after all? It can be what someone writes on your tombstone.
Niecy Nash|Growing up, I had the weird fantasy list: I wanted to be Alice Cooper, Steven Spielberg, and Stan Lee. You have to have almost psychotic drive, because you're going to have years of failure.
Stafford Beer|IF YOU WANT TO CREATE A CHANGE, you must challenge not only the models of Unreality, but the paradigms that underwrite them.
Amanda Mosher, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|Part of me wanted to give him a piece of my mind. He didn't get it as a whole, so I will keep my peace.
Hope Jahren, Lab Girl|Seemingly innocuous language like 'Oh, I'm flexible' or 'What do you want to do tonight?' has a dark computational underbelly that should make you think twice. It has the veneer of kindness about it, but it does two deeply alarming things. First, it passes the cognitive buck: 'Here's a problem, you handle it.' Second, by not stating your preferences, it invites the others to simulate or imagine them. And as we have seen, the simulation of the minds of others is one of the biggest computational challenges a mind (or machine) can ever face.
William Finn, The Marvin Songs : Three One-Act Musicals|TRINA:I'm tired of all the happy men who rule the world.Their smile, their smile's their pedigree. They smile, but not for me.I'd like the chance to hideIn their world.I'm happy, but I'm not at ease with that whole world.
David Brier, The Lucky Brand|Your brand exists to differentiate. “Same crap, different day” won’t do it. A day that goes by without breaking some sacred branding rule is a day a brand has lost to rise above the status quo. By breaking those rules with insight, intelligent and innovation, your brand can get heard in a world that’s simply too busy to listen.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Make a conscious effort to think, speak and act in affirmative manner.
Winston S. Churchill|An old battleax of a woman said to Winston Churchill, "If you were my husband I would put poison in your tea." Churchill's response, "Ma'am if you were my wife I would drink it.
Orhan Pamuk, My Name is Red|Tell me then, does love make one a fool or do only fools fall in love?
Steven Merle Scott, Celebrate the Sinner|To his inner ear, the cardinal speaks. He says, I saw you, Crumb, when you were at Elvetham: scratching your balls in the dawn and wondering at the violence of the king’s whims. If he wants a new wife, fix him one. I didn’t, and I am dead.
Michael Crichton|Books aren't written - they're rewritten. Including your own. It is one of the hardest things to accept, especially after the seventh rewrite hasn't quite done it.
Deborah Brodie|Paths that lead to the crossroads of life; otherwise known as "transition."Transition is the tension present between struggle and grace.
Lisa Schroeder, Far from You|I am starting to think that maybe memories are like this dessert. I eat it, and it becomes a part of me, whether I remember it later or not.
Isabel Allende|In the end, the love you take is equal to the love you make.
Scott Stabile|Sometimes my mind goes dark, and every single part of my life goes dark with it. Any happiness I thought I knew gets replaced by a sadness so big it must be for the whole world. I convince myself that I have nothing to offer, and that nobody has anything to offer me, either. I commit to hopelessness. In these dark moments I remind myself, ( because I’d be too lost without the reminder) that what I'm feeling isn't the full truth of the world, not by miles, and that though I can't see it, nothing is as dire as the nightmare my mind conjures, and that i, and the world, will be okay. In time, with hope. Slowly I come out of the darkness again. I reject my mind's devotion to misery and fear, and reroute myself on a path of acceptance and love. I focus on the beauty in our world, and in myself, and I remember that we are family, all of us, and we each matter. We each shine. Certainly.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne's House of Dreams|But pearls are for tears, the old legend says," Gilbert had objected."I'm not afraid of that. And tears can be happy as well as sad. My very happiest moments have been when I had tears in my eyes—when Marilla told me I might stay at Green Gables—when Matthew gave me the first pretty dress I ever had—when I heard that you were going to recover from the fever. So give me pearls for our troth ring, Gilbert, and I'll willingly accept the sorrow of life with its joy." -Anne
Charbel Tadros|When you allow the spirit to speak through you and empower it with love, you will discover things you didn't know you knew.
Linda Westphal|Even if you are not aware of it, there are moments when you are receiving hints, a nudge, or support from the other side.
Marjane Satrapi|From a pretty early age, my mother realized that I was a little bit more gifted and talented than my own age group. So, she moved me over to play with the boys' travel soccer team when I was about 11 years old.
Alain de Botton|It is precisely when we hear little from our partner which frightens, shocks, or sickens us that we should begin to be concerned, for this may be the surest sign that we are being gently lied to or shielded from the other’s imagination, whether out of kindness or from a touching fear of losing our love. It may mean that we have, despite ourselves, shut our ears to information that fails to conform to our hopes — hopes which will thereby be endangered all the more. My view of human nature is that all of us are just holding it together in various ways — and that’s okay, and we just need to go easy with one another, knowing that we’re all these incredibly fragile beings.
Hippocrates|Everybody who's a physician, who makes vaccines, who wants to find the cure for cancer. Everybody who wants to do any medical good for humankind got the passion for that before he or she was 10.
Ronald D. Moore|It is not for nothing that you are named Ransom,” said the Voice...The whole distinction between things accidental and things designed, like the distinction between fact and myth, was purely terrestrial. The pattern is so large that within the little frame of earthly experience there appear pieces of it between which we can see no connection, and other pieces between which we can. Hence we rightly, for our sue, distinguish the accidental from the essential. But step outside that frame and the distinction drops down into the void, fluttering useless wings. He had been forced out of the frame, caught up into the larger pattern… “My name also is Ransom,” said the Voice.
Wade Davis, The Wayfinders: Why Ancient Wisdom Matters in the Modern World|Cultural survival is not about preservation, sequestering indigenous peoples in enclaves like some sort of zoological specimens. Change itself does note destroy a culture. All societies are constantly evolving. Indeed a culture survives when it has enough confidence in its past and enough say in its future to maintain its spirit and essence through all the changes it will inevitably undergo. 
Matthew Heines|Me and Vinny are dead careful, and we only had sex once without a condom, our first time, and it's a scientific fact that virgins can't get pregnant. Stella told me.
Justin Cronin, The City of Mirrors|The complex order we now observe [in the universe] could *not* have been the result of any initial design built into the universe at the so-called creation. The universe preserves no record of what went on before the big bang. The Creator, if he existed, left no imprint. Thus he might as well have been nonexistent.
B.L. Brooklyn|Let's be real. Like I would date someone who didn't go out of their way to be my nemesis." - Shane Carver (The Carver's Magic)
Agona Apell, The Success Genome Unravelled: Turning Men from Rot to Rock|There are three houses that the ultimate adult must leave: their parents' house, their employer's house, and their teacher's house. So they must someday found their own home, their own business, and their own school of thought so that they can live under their own roof at home, at work, and in thought.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If the sky was the limit, none of our heroes would have reached the moon.
Shirley Corder, Strength Renewed: Meditations for Your Journey through Breast Cancer|If we praise God when things are tough, we show our trust in Him.
Herodotus|In peace, children inter their parents; war violates the order of nature and causes parents to inter their children.
David M. Allen|Invalidating someone else is not merely disagreeing with something that the other person said. It is a process in which individuals communicate to another that the opinions and emotions of the target are invalid, irrational, selfish, uncaring, stupid, most likely insane, and wrong, wrong, wrong. Invalidators let it be known directly or indirectly that their targets views and feelings do not count for anything to anybody at any time or in any way.
Kathy Hepinstall, Blue Asylum|Father Sams, a mirthful shaman, looked at a nighted photograph of actress Lar Park Lincoln beneath his glass of bourbon con hielo.
Evangeline Paterson|Knowing nature is part of knowing God. Faith directs us to the invisible God, but leads us back from God to the entire visible world.
Tamara Stamenkovic|Life without flying unconditionally,life with hindered and heartless ending.
Maya Angelou|If we intend to provide a better life, and a better world, for future generations, we can't ignore the quality of the environment we leave them.
Ian Rankin, Knots and Crosses|...trapped in limbo, believing in a lack of belief, but not necessarily lacking the belief to believe.
Emmanuelle Beart|Coral reefs represent some of the world's most spectacular beauty spots, but they are also the foundation of marine life: without them many of the sea's most exquisite species will not survive.
Alena Graedon, The Word Exchange|I found that reading gave me a certain relief – one form of escapism that seemed safe, and maybe more than safe. I felt saner – less fragmented- after reading for an hour.location 3234
Kentetsu Takamori, You Were Born for a Reason: The Real Purpose of Life|Amida's unimpeded light is the sun of wisdom that destroys the mind of darkness.(Preface in Teaching, Practice, Faith, Enlightenment)
Molly Ivins|I am absolutely certain that life can exist in outer space, move around, find a new aqueous environment.
Ted Rubin|Look at your own behaviors and ask yourself, “Would I want to be my friend???
John Berwick Harwood, Reign of Terror Volume 2: Great Victorian Horror Stories|One day you see a man walking down the road, the next day you come to his yard and find him dead... Why is it that he cannot do what the living do? It is because the thing that gave power to these parts is no longer there. That is the duppy, and that is the most powerful part of any man. Everybody has evil in them, and when a man is alive... he will not abandon himself to many evil things. But when the duppy leaves the body, it no longer has anything to restrain it and it will do more terrible things than any man ever dreamed of.- From 'Tell My Horse: Voodoo and Life in Haiti and Jamaica', Zora Neale Hurston, 1938
Martina Cole, Close|‎"If the person you were fighting had any kind of wound,worry it and keep at it And the pain would be much more intense.It was the psychological angle and all.Once a cut was there,it was human nature to try to protect it from more harm.
Eudora Welty, On Writing|What discoveries I made in the course of writing stories all begin with the particular, never the general. They are mostly hindsight: arrows that I now find I myself have left behind me, which have shown me some right, or wrong, way I have come. What one story may have pointed out to me is of no avail in the writing of another. But 'avail' is not what I want; freedom ahead is what each story promises - beginning anew. And all the while, as further hindsight has told me, certain patterns in my work repeat themselves without my realizing. There would be no way of knowing this, for during the writing of any single story, there is no other existing. Each writer must find out for himself, I imagine, on what basis he lives with his own stories.
Tamara L. Chilver|How do I find joy in my homeschool journey?The answer is quite simple. I accept lots of God's grace. Grace to make mistakes. Grace to take a nap when I am exhausted. Grace to not feel guilty. Without His abundant provision of grace, I would be depleted, discouraged, and dissatisfied. Instead, I place all my trust in His direction and I embrace my calling as a homeschool mom. His grace has set me free from worry, fear, doubt, and guilt and I am overflowing with joy. Praise God!
Charles Clover, The End of the Line: How Overfishing Is Changing the World and What We Eat|always serve too much hot fudge sause on the hot fudge sundaes.It makes people overjoyed,and puts them in your debt
Nelson Mandela|Courage is not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it.
Gelasian Sacramentary A.D. 492|Shane was sitting on the curb next to the old, cracked gas pumps, eating a candy bar. Claire plopped down next to him. “Half?” she asked.“And now I know you’re my girlfriend, since you’re not afraid to demand community property,” he said, and pulled off the uneaten half to hand it over.
Gerry Adams|At that time, the army leadership said the implementation of this agreement would allow everyone, including the IRA, to take its political objectives forward by peaceful and democratic means.
J.J. Snow, Gunship|Piece of cake really – Enforcers, crazy psychopath dude with giant laser rail guns, throw in a few bounty hunters, a couple torture experts – sounds great, I really can’t wait can you?” Duv Jackson, Gunship
Debasish Mridha|If you hurt, expect to feel the pain.
Hugh Prather|Today I acknowledge that I am not in position to judge what mistakes anyone is making or what lessons anyone needs to learn. I don’t know how far someone has come or when that person will have a breakthrough, I simply don’t know what other people should be doing. But when I think I do know, I clearly am not doing what I should be doing, which is taking responsibility for my own life.
Heather     James, Fire|The power of reason is thought small in these days, but I remain an unrepentant rationalist. Reason may be a small force, but it is constant, and works always in one direction, while the forces of unreason destroy one another in futile strife. Therefore every orgy of unreason in the end strengthens the friends of reason, and shows afresh that they are the only true friends of humanity.
Mary Rose O'Reilley, The Barn at the End of the World: The Apprenticeship of a Quaker, Buddhist Shepherd|I would not say I am looking for God. Or, I am not looking for God precisely. I am not seeking the God I learned about as a Catholic child, as an 18-year-old novice in a religious community, as an agnostic graduate student, as - but who cares about my disguises? Or God's.
Hank Aaron|I had pro offers from the Detroit Lions and Green Bay Packers, who were pretty hard up for linemen in those days. If I had gone into professional football the name Jerry Ford might have been a household word today.
Jodi Picoult|and he suddenly knew that if she killed herself, he would die. Maybe not immediately, maybe not with the same blinding rush of pain, but it would happen. You couldn't live for very long without a heart.
Susan Barbara Apollon, An Inside Job: A Psychologist Shares Healing Wisdom for Your Cancer Journey|Because you are an energetic being and your thoughts and feelings are energy, your journey may be compared to an intricately woven fabric. As the weaver of the fabric of your life, you alone decide whether your life will be beautifully intertwined with threads of gold and silver and blended with the colors of the rainbow, or made with strands of straw and cotton in shades of grays, browns, and other dark, heavy colors.
Jerry Spinelli|Tell me I didn't imagine it, Leo. Tell me that even though our bodies were in seperate states, our star selves shared an enchanted place. Tell me that right around noon today (eastern time) you had the strangest sensation: a tiny chill on your shoulder...a flutter in the heart...a shadow of strawberry-banana crossing your tongue...tell me you whispered my name.
Kate  Madison, Spilled Perfume: A Memoir|Lesson learned: If a guy tells you you’re his second choice, don’t make him your first.
Yvonne Pierre, The Day My Soul Cried:  A Memoir|I Have a Dream... someday my son, Zyon and ALL individuals with disabilities will be seen as HUMAN beings. I Have a Dream... someday the human & civil rights of individuals with disabilities are honored and they are treated as equals. I Have a Dream... someday ALL parents who have children with disabilities see their child as a blessing and not a burden. I Have a Dream... someday there will be more jobs and opportunities for individuals with disabilities. I Have a Dream... someday there will be UNITY "within" the disabled community.I HAVE A DREAM!!!
Viraj J. Mahajan, Derivation of Life|There is one invisible bridge for every one of us and death is the first step of it. On this side, there is life where there are questions and fear but on that other side of that bridge, there is a whole new world full of answers and peace.
Ane Krstevska|Be yourself, it doesn‘t matter who is looking,Fall in love like you’ve never been hurt,Sing like you are alone even when you are not,And be free like it's paradise on earth.
Tim Gunn, Gunn's Golden Rules: Life's Little Lessons for Making It Work|Sometimes she wore Levi's with white-suede fringe sewn down the legs and a feathered Indian headdress, sometimes old fifties' taffeta dresses covered with poetry written in glitter, or dresses made of kids' sheets printed with pink piglets or Disney characters.
Roland Martin|The goal, I think, of American education, for decades, and across many, many scholars, was basically to teach people broad lessons in how to live life, how to engage life, how to essentially be effective citizens and effective people.
Raymond D. Longoria Jr.|She wasn't the perfect mom. However, she was the perfect Mother for me.
Stacey Kade, The Ghost and the Goth|A balanced dieT to make you die with a tea, consists of holding two bags of cookies on each hand and a voracious hunger to consume.
Lauren Oliver, Requiem|As I spoke of another's love and looked into the wide, blue windows of her soul, a rich, insistent yearning flooded my senses.--"Tango
Marguerite Kaye, Strangers at the Altar|I supposed you've already kissed him? Don't deny it, that guilty look is a complete giveaway. Did you like it?"	"Felicity!"	"Well?"	"Yes." Ainsley laughed. "Yes, I did."	"Was it a good kiss? The kind of kiss to give you confidence that your Mr. Drummond would know what he was doing? The kind of kiss that made you want him to do more than kiss you?
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|There are two types of patience. One is exercised in hard work and the other in idleness. Patience with hard work is the one that moves mountains. Patience in idleness moves nothing, not even cobwebs.
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|Jace broke off the kiss and stepped back with an exhale; before Clary could say anything, a chorus of sarcastic applause broke out from the nearby hill. Simon, Isabelle, and Alec waved at them. Jace bowed while Clary stepped back slightly sheepishly, hooking her thumbs into the belt of her jeansJace sighed. "Shall we join our annoying, voyeuristic friends?""Unfortunately, that's the only kind of friends we have.
Aldo Leopold, A Sand County Almanac and Sketches Here and There|Our ability to perceive quality in nature begins, as in art, with the pretty. It expands through successive stages of the beautiful to values as yet uncaptured by language.
Rachel Hawkins, Spell Bound|You know, I can see more than just the future or the past.""Really?" I asked, paging through through the papers in the file. "Can you also see the present? Because I can do that, too. Like, right now, I sense that I'm in a messy room with a total toolbox.
Leah Cypess|Because this, as it turned out, was her destiny. Not to be the powerful sorceress her people had been waiting for , not to to be the ruthless killer the assassins needed. Her destiny was to save one person at a time, change things one tiny step after another.It still hurt, a tinge of loss. Her life wouldn't be grand, or dramatic, or momentous. There would be no great choices to make, no moments when everything would change. It would make a dull story if she was ever called upon to tell it.It hurt, yes. But it was also something of a relief.
Wayne Gerard Trotman|People who repeatedly attack your confidence and self-esteem are quite aware of your potential, even if you are not.
Jeffrey Fry|Newt shook his head, his face a mixture of anger and awe. “What you did was half brave and half bloody stupid. Seems like you’re pretty good at that.
Isaac Asimov, Robots and Empire|It's just men and ants. There's the ants builds their cities,live their lives, have wars, revolutions, until men want them out of the way, and then they go out of the way. That's what we are now _ just ants.
DaShanne Stokes|If you are a white person who would like to treat black people as equals in every way—who would like to have a set of associations with blacks that are as positive as those that you have with whites—it requires more than a simple commitment to equality. It requires that you change your life so that you are exposed to minorities on a regular basis and become comfortable with them and familiar with the best of their culture, so that when you want to meet, hire, date, or talk with a member of a minority, you aren’t betrayed by your hesitation and discomfort. Taking rapid cognition seriously--acknowledging the incredible power, for good and ill, that first impression play in our lives--requires that we take active steps to manage and control those impressions.
Sheryl Sandberg, Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead|In the future, there will be no female leaders. There will just be leaders.
Courtney M. Privett, Sand into Glass|I focus on the light I can find, and if I can't find it, I create it.
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|It is what you think it is that makes it so, and not necessarily what it really is.
Rafael Vinoly|The show is called 'The Office,' and while it focuses on the people, the architecture of the space is very important.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|Rule number one of anime," Simon said. He sat propped up against a pile of pillows at the foot of his bed, a bag of potato chips in one hand and the TV remote in the other. He was wearing a black T-shirt that said I BLOGGED YOUR MOM and a pair of jeans that were ripped in one knee. "Never screw with a blind monk.
Larry David|I first picked up a guitar when I was ten years old; my parents surprised me with it for my tenth birthday. I started taking lessons when I was thirteen, but only for a few months, and then I just kept teaching myself.
Sandeep Sahajpal|Life should NOT be a journey to the grave with the intention of arriving safely in an attractive and well preserved body, but rather to skid in sideways, body thoroughly used up, totally worn out, screaming, “WOO HOO What a Ride!
Dermot Davis, The Younger Man|Extroverts communicate well with others, Introverts communicate well with themselves
Luke Macfarlane|Buildings in modern cities have lost their metaphoric aspect. Much contemporary architecture is very fragmented and busy on the outside. It's like a skin or a skull, but you don't know what's inside.
Bobby Seale|I had often wondered how to best decolonize my people... It must be done one human being at a time. Without that kind of help, Western society does not allow people to come to terms with their feelings. With honesty and therapy, my people can be made whole again.
Jane Seymour|Whenever I went to a wedding or a party, girls kept complaining about their shoes. I love to dance, and I wanted them to have shoes they could keep on all night.
Tim Tharp, The Spectacular Now|Have you ever started to wave at someone and then realized they weren’t really waving at you, so you abort and go for a head scratch instead? That’s how I felt.
Molly Harper, Nice Girls Don't Have Fangs|Before you go,mate,turn on the telly. Something raunchy too. Think I'll rub off one before I go to sleep
Christine Gabriel, Crimson Forest|They say past performance is indicative of future behavior. If there was any truth to that statement, then I knew I had to be careful of the choices I made. My decisions were much more crucial now, as they affected the entire human population. One wrong move, and I could possibly wipe out the world. That was one thing I definitely didn't want on my shoulders.
Kiera Cass, The Selection|No, I’m not choosing him or you. I’m choosing me.
Don Miguel Ruiz|If you like an instrument that sings, play the saxophone. At its best it's like the human voice.
Ramani Durvasula|The fact is, many people do not know how treat themselves and are experts at putting themselves down. In fact, if most of us were in a relationship with ourselves, we would break up with us, given how badly we treat ourselves.
Vee Hoffman|Sobriety had happened at a strange time in my sex life, and maybe I wouldn’t have held onto it had it not been for both of the men involved in the transition. But sobriety made me realize, in lonely moments and long introspective jags, that while sex wasn’t the only thing that I was good at, it was still something I enjoyed. The difference was choosing the people I invited to the playground, so to speak. If Eren had been any less fired up than he was, pushing firmly and slowly into me, watching my face for silent cues while I pushed my head back into the bed, stretching my neck and growling, reacquainting myself with the feeling of being filled, it wouldn’t have been right.But it was right. I’d chosen well. I almost laughed when he was completely inside of me and I got swept up in the truth of the matter, the reasonably overwhelming knowledge that yeah, this was something I might not fuck up. And god, I loved sex. God, I loved not having to feel like I was hiding inside of its fortress.
Michelle Obama|We know from research that growth is actually contagious, so if you want to reach your goals, you've got to get around people that are going in the same direction you want to be going, and you will catch the success.
Carmen Martín Gaite, El cuento de nunca acabar|La rutina no está tanto en las cosas como en nuestra incapacidad para crear a cada momento un vínculo original con ellas, en nuestra tendencia a leerlas por la falsilla de lo rutinario, de lo ya aprendido. Hay que seguir dejando siempre abierta la puerta al cuarto de jugar.
Richard Dawkins, A Devil's Chaplain: Reflections on Hope, Lies, Science, and Love|Even those who do not, or cannot, avail themselves of a scientific education, choose to benefit from the technology that is made possible by the scientific education of others.
J.D. Salinger, Nine Stories|I do not remember asking adults about anything, except as a last resort.
Mark Batterson, In a Pit with a Lion on a Snowy Day: How to Survive and Thrive When Opportunity Roars|Criticism at its best is re-creative, not spirit-killing.
J.K. Rowling|And again Harry understood without having to think. It did not matter about bringing them back, for he was about to join them. He was not really fetching them: They were fetching him.
Terry Goodkind, Soul of the Fire|That is the curse of lying, Sister. Once you place that crown of the liar upon your head, you can take it off again, but it leaves a stain for all time.
Tana French, Broken Harbour|He has a vision of his life as a sliver of soap, worn and used and smoothed into a slender, blunt-edged arrow-head, a little more of it disintegrating with every day.
Kristiane Backer, From MTV to Mecca: How Islam Inspired My Life|You’ve been tested.’ He advised me to try and ‘forgive and pardon, and this way seek to become beloved by God’ without my forgiveness being tied to the one who wronged me. ‘This is the Divine remedy,’ he emphasised, ‘remind your ego when it resists. Don’t you love for God to forgive you on the day, too?’ Reflecting on what the Shaykh said, his advice undid a knot in my heart and I resolved to work on my forgiveness purely for the sake of God. The Shaykh also recommended: ‘Be careful about what you pray for in the future.’ He promised to pray for me personally, asking God to send me a Muslim husband who would value and cherish me for who I am. Insha’ Allah!
Anthony Brandt|Other things may change us, but we start and end with the family.
Ayn Rand|...most of what bein human's about is making choices and payin the bills when they come due. Some of the choices are pretty goddam nasty, but that don't give a person leave to just walk away from em... In a case like that, you just have to make the best choice you can n then pay the price.
Jeffrey Kluger, The Narcissist Next Door: Understanding the Monster in Your Family, in Your Office, in Your Bed--in Your World|Maybe I’ll never be able to figure out what I’m passionate about. But when I choose something, it has to be something that when I wake up it’s the first thing I think about, and it’s also the last thing I think about before I go to sleep. I read about other people and how much they love their jobs—like, how they just want to do it all the time and it doesn’t feel like work because they love it so much. I want that to happen to me.
Isaac Deutscher, The Prophet Armed: Trotsky, 1879-1921|If you end up with the story you started with, you weren't listening along the way.
Romano Guardini, The Lord|It is also said that the sheep heed the Shepherd, because they know his voice. Is it true that men recognize Christ's call and respond to it? In one sense it must be, for he has said so; yet much in me qualifies the statement. Actually I respond much more readily to the call of 'the others'; I neither really understand Christ's summons nor follow it. Therefore, in order that I may hear, he must not only speak, but also open my ears to his voice. Part of me, the profoundest part, listens to it, but superficial, loud contradiction often overpowers it. The opponents with whom God must struggle in order to win us are not primarily ‘the others,’ but ourselves; we bar his way. The wolf who puts the hireling to flight is not only outside; he is also within. We are the arch-enemy of our own salvation, and the Shepherd must fight first of all with us – for us.
Alice McDermott, After This|His eyes went again to the crucifix above his head, reflected in the mirror. The strained arms, the arched spine. All that effort to open the gates of heaven for us and we (he thought) probably spend out first hours among the heavenly hosts settling old scores with relatives.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|The Emperor Napoleon Buonaparte had been banished to the island of Elba. However His Imperial Majesty had some doubts wheter a quiet island life would suit him - he was, after all, accustomed to governing a large proportion of the known world.
Lance Taubold, Ripper: A Love Story|How many of us would ever explore the dark extremities of our own humanity were we not from time to time thrown into them involuntarily? 'Necessity is laid upon me,' wrote the apostle Paul; and mostly it is only of necessity, through the inescapability of life's misfortunes, and not in free discipleship or loving service, that we enter into solidarity with those who suffer and die, often in despair and hope. One there was who set his face toward Jerusalem, a shepherd who of his own accord laid down his life for sheep. For the rest of us, not as volunteers but conscripts, not in freedom but in the chains of accident or sickness, do we make our Easter Saturday graves with the wretched or the wicked.
Kiersten White, And I Darken|So the question becomes, Daughter of the Dragon, what will you sacrifice? What will you let be taken away so that you, too, can have power?
Debasish Mridha|Be a lover, nother else will matter.
Jon Lester|America is a great country. It has a lot of work to do. The bottom line is it's easy to talk; it's easy to have the media pick up on something, and it's hard to have the patience to put something in place you can build on that will make sure each citizen has their equal rights.
Trae Crowder, The Liberal Redneck Manifesto: Draggin' Dixie Outta the Dark|Animal welfarism is a blatant lie. Anyone who truly cares for the welfare of another, would never dream of exploiting them. For just as when slavery is deeply set into the psyche of a nation, those crying for slave welfare and not abolitionism, argue in favour of slavery and exploitation, and thus push eventual abolitionism further into the future.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|Sometimes, all it takes to lift the sadness from another is to let them know how much you appreciate them and how grateful you are having them in your life.
Bob Thaves|Sure he was great, but don't forget that Ginger Rogers did everything [Fred Astaire] did, .. backwards and in high h
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Self-Reliance and Other Essays|It is how we respond to loss that matters. That response will largely determine the quality, the direction, and the impact of our lives.
Wangari Maathai|A tree has roots in the soil yet reaches to the sky. It tells us that in order to aspire we need to be grounded and that no matter how high we go it is from our roots that we draw sustenance. It is a reminder to all of us who have had success that we cannot forget where we came from. It signifies that no matter how powerful we become in government or how many awards we receive, our power and strength and our ability to reach our goals depend on the people, those whose work remain unseen, who are the soil out of which we grow, the shoulders on which we stand
Beth Fantaskey, Jessica's Guide to Dating on the Dark Side|I like pink."Lucius sniffed. "It's just red's sorry, weak cousin.
Henry Cloud|No occupation in this world is more trying to soul and body than the care of young children. What patience and wisdom, skill and unlimited love it calls for. God gave the work to mothers and furnished them for it, and they cannot shirk it and be guiltless.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|Greed is mistaken nobility. Instead of robbing all the pain and hardship from people's lives and rescuing them from danger, greed robs provisions from providers.
Peter Senge|All living beings, not just animals, but plants and microorganisms, perceive. To survive, an organic being must perceive - it must seek, or at least recognize, food and avoid environmental danger.
Danny Gregory, The Creative License: Giving Yourself Permission to Be The Artist You Truly Are|Celebrate your life now, as it unfolds. Turn away from judgement and negative theories about your worth, your potential, and your destiny. See what you already have.
Stephen Hunt, The Court of the Air|Think of them like gods, Janice said, because that’s what they are. The nape of a human neck is especially easy to see through – that’s why they love it when we bow our heads. It doesn’t have anything to do with praying. Prayers bore them.
Elizabeth George, One-Minute Inspirations for Women|Love may start out as a good feeling, but to love someone long-term is an act of the will.
Yo-Yo Ma|Suspense films are often based on communication problems, and that affects all of the plot points. It almost gives it kind of a fable feeling.
Ernest Hemingway, To Have and Have Not|What am I doing here?” she demanded, bewildered.“You’re having dinner,” her little brother said.“Stop it! I’m not hungry. Stop it!”John held the spoon in front of her. His cherubic face was dark with anger. “You said you wouldn’t leave me.”“What are you talking about?” Mary demanded.“You said you wouldn’t do it. You wouldn’t leave me alone,” John said. “But you tried, didn’t you?”“I don’t know what you’re babbling about.” She noticed Astrid then, leaning against a filing cabinet. Astrid looked like she’d been dragged through the middle of a dog fight. Little Pete was sitting cross-legged, rocking back and forth. He was chanting, “Good-bye, Nestor. Good-bye, Nestor.”“Mary, you have an eating disorder,” Astrid said. “The secret is out. So cut the crap.”“Eat,” John ordered, and shoved a spoonful of food in her mouth. None too gently.“Swallow,” John ordered.“Let me—”“Shut up, Mary.
Joel Osteen|Dad was an outstanding leader. He'd bring in top thinkers from a wide array of fields - how to fix the Detroit schools, for example. I watched him in these meetings. He listened and probed.
Annie Barrows, The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society|Walk in kindness toward the Earth and every living being. Without kindness and compassion for all of Mother Nature’s creatures, there can be no true joy; no internal peace, no happiness. Happiness flows from caring for all sentient beings as if they were your own family, because in essence they are. We are all connected to each other and to the Earth.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Eventually, it boils down to two choices – do I wish to experience this physical reality primarily through joy or do I want to experience it through suffering? That’s all there is to it. And since each person eventually works their way toward the realization that conscious expansion can happen through joy rather than suffering – enlightenment is a natural byproduct.
Chandrasekharendra Saraswati|People don't realise that to be free means to be firmly attached to a system, that discipline is the road to a higher freedom.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Things go wrong for a purpose. Just know the purpose, and just understand how to distinctively use the purpose for a great purpose!
Michel Onfray, Atheist Manifesto: The Case Against Christianity, Judaism, and Islam|The new atheists show a disturbing lack of understanding of or concern about the complexity and ambiguity of modern experience, and their polemic entirely fails to mention the concern for justice and compassion that, despite their undeniable failings, has been espoused by all three of the monotheisms. Religious fundamentalists also develop an exagerrated view of their enemy as the epitome of evil. This tendency makes critique of the new atheists too easy. They never discuss the work of such theologians as Bultmann or Tillich, who offer a very different view of religion and are closer to mainstream tradition than any fundamentalist. Unlike Feurerbach, Marx and Freud, the new atheists are not theologically literate. As one of their critics has remarked, in any military strategy it is essential to confront the enemy at its strongest point; failure to do so means that their polemic remains shallow and lacks intellectual depth. It is also morally and intellectually conservative. Unlike Feurerback, Marx, Ingersoll or Mill, these new Atheists show little concern about the poverty, injustice and humiliation that has inspired many of the atrocities they deplore; they show no yearning for a better world. Nor, like Nietzsche , Sartre or Camus, do they compel their readers to face up to the pointlessness and futility that ensue when people lack the resources to create a sense of meaning. They do not appear to consider the effect of such nihilism on people who do not have privileged lives and absorbing work.
Rakul Preet Singh|Happiness, true happiness, is an inner quality. It is a state of mind. If your mind is at peace, you are happy. If your mind is at peace, but you have nothing else, you can be happy. If you have everything the world can give - pleasure, possessions, power - but lack peace of mind, you can never be happy.
Walt Whitman|Yes, I still believe in God. That hasn't changed. I just needed some time away.”“Ah.” Inspector Carrola clicked his tongue. “For your sake, I hope that God does not need some time away from you.
W. Somerset Maugham, Theatre|It is in the twenties that the actual momentum of life begins to slacken, and it is a simple soul indeed to whom as many things are significant and meaningful at thirty as at ten years before. At thirty an organ-grinder is a more or less moth-eaten man who grinds an organ — and once he was an organ-grinder! The unmistakable stigma of humanity touches all those impersonal and beautiful things that only youth ever grasps in their impersonal glory. A brilliant ball, gay with light romantic laughter, wears through its own silks and satins to show the bare framework of a man-made thing — oh, that eternal hand!— a play, most tragic and most divine, becomes merely a succession of speeches, sweated over by the eternal plagiarist in the clammy hours and acted by men subject to cramps, cowardice, and manly sentiment.
Shirley Jackson, The Lottery|I blush, I burn, I shudder, while I pen the damnable atrocity.
John Rampton|I don't read good books anymore, it seems; I just buy them and put them on the shelf and every now and then walk over and pet them. I'm like the optimistic dieter who fills her closet with clothes two sizes too small and dreams of the day she can wear them. I know just what I want to do when I retire.
Erin Hunter, Code of the Clans|I wonder if he'll ever see the truth in my own heart: that, whatever Dustpelt says, however much Fireheart breaks the warrior code, I love him more that I could imagine loving any other cat. And if Fireheart knew, would he love me, too?- Sandstorm
Vironika Tugaleva|If you do not respect your own wishes, no one else will. You will simply attract people who disrespect you as much as you do.
Sarah Kay, No Matter the Wreckage|Trees are metaphorical. Their magic is that they bring beauty, comfort, and peace to the land. They celebrate life itself.
James     Baldwin, Giovanni's Room|They'd never been lovers, of course, not in the physical sense. But they'd been lovers as most of us manage, loving through expressions and gestures and the palm set softly upon the bruise at the necessary moment. Lovers by inclination rather than by lust. Lovers, that is, by love.
James Burnham, The Machiavellians, Defenders of Freedom|...The arbitrary power of the Government is unlimited, and unexampled in history; freedom of the Press, of opinion and of movement are as thoroughly exterminated as though the proclamation of the Rights of Man had never been.
Alexander McCall Smith, Dream Angus: The Celtic God of Dreams|My ambition is not to leave behind me a pile of money for my heirs to quarrel about, but to find out what there is of interest in this world before I cross the border and begin to explore the other world.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|By following what they believe are stick orders from the top, many typical managers tend to concentrate on working within budget and resource constraint --- thereby developing a boxed-in, "can't do" mindset.
Stephen Spender|Dreams do come true, if we only wish hard enough, You can have anything in life if you will sacrifice everything else for it.
Charles de Lint|Taft was Roosevelt's handpicked successor. I didn't know how deep the friendship was between the two men until I read their almost four hundred letters, stretching back the to early '30s. It made me realize the heartbreak when they ruptured was much more than a political division.
Michael Farber|All that's needed now is a great novel that will capture the imagination of the public - move them, enrage them, thrill them, terrify them, scandalize them. A story that will seize them by the hand and lead them into the streets where they've never dared set foot, a tale that throws back the sheets from acts never shown and voices never heard. A tale that fearlessly points the finger at those who are to blame...
Larry Page|While the rest of the world has been improving technology, Ghana has been improving the quality of man's humanity to man.
Darynda Jones, Third Grave Dead Ahead|God I loved Sammy. I’d considered marrying him, but his wife got upset when I asked for his hand.
Linda Lael Miller, Springwater|Solitude was her anchor. A familiar misery, and anymore the safest, most sensible approach.
Amalia Dillin, Blood of the Queen|If you praise others you are considered a nice person, but if you praise yourself you are arrogant or nonreligious! What a society, eh? No wonder your self-esteem is low.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Your level is above the reach of the devil... Keep it in mind; as long as you are in the light of God, you bind him (the devil) tight!
Lionel Messi|What kind of town do we want in the future, and how are we going to plan on that?
Mary Crocker Cook, Awakening Hope. A Developmental, Behavioral, Biological Approach to Codependency Treatment.|I learned that if I always performed a rescue, the woman never learned to lean on God…..I now realize that I shouldn’t work harder at a person’s recovery than she is willing to work.
Bruce McAllister|What are these two lies - these Illusions - that for too long have done their best to keep us from a real peace where we can still remain human? One is certainly the glory of war. It offers us cheaply, but with tragic results, a sense of power in the face of that 20th Century helplessness and powerlessness we hear so much about. War is about the power that fear demands of us, isn't it? Power, after all (the lie assures us), is what the world is really about, isn't it? The meek are fools. The reasonable are suckers. If you really believe in your country, your family, your values, you will wage war to protect them - because there is indeed an Enemy out there and the Enemy, like a host of fallen angels, is out to destroy everything you value. By waging war you'll be redeemed by war's very violence, won't you? The consequences of this are of course terrible: the perpetuation of Power Uber Alles, of war itself, of the assumption that whether we win or lose our submission to Power redeems us.
Jason Worthley|Trust is a gossamer thread, and it takes only a breath of suspicion to break it.
Salman Rushdie, The Ground Beneath Her Feet|For a long while I have believed – this is perhaps my version of Sir Darius Xerxes Cama’s belief in a fourth function of outsideness – that in every generation there are a few souls, call them lucky or cursed, who are simply born not belonging, who come into the world semi-detached, if you like, without strong affiliation to family or location or nation or race; that there may even be millions, billions of such souls, as many non-belongers as belongers, perhaps; that, in sum, the phenomenon may be as “natural” a manifestation of human nature as its opposite, but one that has been mostly frustrated, throughout human history, by lack of opportunity. And not only by that: for those who value stability, who fear transience, uncertainly, change, have erected a powerful system of stigmas and taboos against rootlessness, that disruptive, anti-social force, so that we mostly conform, we pretend to be motivated by loyalties and solidarities we do not really feel, we hide our secret identities beneath the false skins of those identities which bear the belongers’ seal of approval. But the truth leaks out in our dreams; alone in our beds (because we are all alone at night, even if we do not sleep by ourselves), we soar, we fly, we flee. And in the waking dreams our societies permit, in our myths, our arts, our songs, we celebrate the non-belongers, the different ones, the outlaws, the freaks.What we forbid ourselves we pay good money to watch, in a playhouse or a movie theater, or to read about between the secret covers of a book. Our libraries, our palaces of entertainment tell the truth. The tramp, the assassin, the rebel, the thief, the mutant, the outcast, the delinquent, the devil, the sinner, the traveler, the gangster, the runner, the mask: if we did not recognize in them our least-fulfilled needs, we would not invent them over and over again, in every place, in every language, in every time.
James A. Owen, The Search for the Red Dragon|I don't use a crap camera, I don't eat junk, and I'm not going to a dance where the boys are bores
Abhijit Naskar, Principia Humanitas|Truth, independent of the Self, is irrelevant to the biological existence of human life.
Herman Koch, The Dinner|… when Michel came home from school, for example, and everything was as it should be. My own voice, above all, asking him what he wanted in his sandwich, also sounded as it should have. The larder was full, I had done all of the shopping that morning. I took care of myself as well, I looked in the mirror before leaving the house: I made sure my clothes were clean, that I had shaved, that my hair didn’t look like the hair of someone who never looks in a mirror - the people in the supermarket would have noticed nothing unusual, I was no divorced father reeking of alcohol, no father who couldn’t handle things. I clearly remembered the goal I had set for myself: I wanted to keep up the appearance of normality. As far as possible, everything had to remain the same for Michel as long as his mother wasn’t around. A hot meal every day, for a start. But also in other aspects of our temporary single-parent family, there shouldn’t be too many visible changes. Normally, it wasn’t my habit to shave every day; I didn’t mind walking around with stubble. Claire had never made a big deal out of that either, but during those weeks I shaved every morning. I felt that my son had a right to sit at the table with a clean-smelling, freshly shaven father. A freshly shaven and clean-smelling father would not prompt him to think the wrong things, would in any case not cause him to doubt the temporary character of our single-parent family.
Terry Spear, Phantom Fae|Ena," Brett said.	"Lady Ena, Ryker corrected from the doorway.	Brett smiled. He couldn't imagine her wanted to be called anything but Ena, but he would call her anything that pleased her.	The sharp look she gave her butler made Brett think calling her Lady Ena was out.	Ryker, being his usual unflappable self, just looked at her as if he was in charge and she would go by her new title or else.
Amy Tan, The Joy Luck Club|Unconditional love is like a contry of two with no laws and no government. Which is all fine if everyone is peaceful and law abiding. In the wrong hands, though, you got looting and crime sprees, and let me tell you, the people who demand unconditional love are usually the ones who will rob and pillage and then blame you because you left your door unlocked.
C.J. Brightley, The Lord of Dreams|She struts into the hair salon, her mouth filled with a rotten egg of gossip, unshelled, filled with decay. As soon as she sits down she bites into the shell, and the stink of her lies fills the air, its goo dripping down her chin. With her new haircut she exits, leaving behind the putrid evidence that she’s as corrupt as the egg of lies she spread.
Jack Kerouac, The Dharma Bums|Down on the lake rosy reflections of celestial vapor appeared, and I said, "God, I love you" and looked to the sky and really meant it. "I have fallen in love with you, God. Take care of us all, one way or the other." To the children and the innocent it's all the same.
Elizabeth Wurtzel, Prozac Nation|I start to think there really is no cure for depression, that happiness is an ongoing battle, and I wonder if it isn't one I'll have to fight for as long as I live. I wonder if it's worth it.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The House of the Seven Gables|What is called poetic insight is the gift of discerning, in this sphere of strangely-mingled elements, the beauty and the majesty which are compelled to assume a garb so sordid.
Stephen Hawking|why are we here?where do we come from?traditionally,these are questionsfor philosophy,but philosophy is dead
Jim Rohn|If you really want to do something, you'll find a way. If you don't, you'll find an excuse.
Richard Ronald Allan, Exit Eleonora|Perhaps the saddest part of coexistence is the concept of interdependence being necessary for any form of solidarity to be realized. Being encouraged to lean on the weak, does not sound like a long term viable solution to attaining strength.
George Will|The successful revolutionary is a statesman, the unsuccessful one a criminal.
Wes Craven|If the Indy Racing League didn't have the Indianapolis 500, do you think it would have lasted more than six months? No chance.
mthavalover|life is what u make it,if you want yours to be a cake just go ahead and bake it
Aravind Adiga, Last Man in Tower|Inconvenience in progress, work is regretted.
Coco J. Ginger|She expressed an opinion that the happiness of a woman in Paradise is beneath the soles of her husband's feet,' he enlightened humorously, seemingly not at all averse to her obvious desire to be comforted.
Robert  Black|This stage in the life of the buzz is truly fabulous. It's not even a buzz anymore. It's a roar. The world opens up and everything's yours right there, right now. You've probably heard the expression -- All good things must come to an end. Well, this stage in the life of the buzz never heard anything close to that. This stage says, "I will never end. I am indestructible. I will last fabulously forever." And of course, you believe it. To hell with tomorrow. To hell with all problems and barriers. Nothing matters but the Spectacular Now.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Republican theory clearly stated that the people held all political power, and only they could delegate authority to a government. The people were free to change governments at will. They didn't need permission from incumbents.
Jenny Trout, Ashes to Ashes|Alright! You sir, you sir, how about a shave?Come and visit your good friend Sweeney.You sir, too sir? Welcome to the grave.I will have vengenance.I will have salvation.Who sir, you sir?No ones in the chair, Come on! Come on!Sweeney's. waiting. I want you bleeders.You sir! Anybody!Gentlemen now don't be shy!Not one man, no, nor ten men.Nor a hundred can assuage me.I will have you!And I will get him back even as he gloatsIn the meantime I'll practice on less honorable throats.And my Lucy lies in ashesAnd I'll never see my girl again.But the work waits!I'm alive at last!And I'm full of joy!
Renata Bowers, Frieda B. and the Zillabeast|A sweet kiss on her head made her little heart swell; she had pancakes, her dog. She had love. All was well.
Laura Lam, Shadowplay|I wished I had told her what I was doing. I wished I had said more, argued more. Maybe then I wouldn't have this hollow ache in my chest whenever I thought of our parting words. Had she already moved on, forgotten me? In her position, what she said made sense, but the thought of her with someone else made me wish I had something to fight, to kill, just so I could forget.
Beryl Markham, West with the Night|To see ten thousand animals untamed and not branded with the symbols of human commerce is like scaling an unconquered mountain for the first time, or like finding a forest without roads or footpaths, or the blemish of an axe. You know then what you had always been told -- that the world once lived and grew without adding machines and newsprint and brick-walled streets and the tyranny of clocks.
George Bernard Shaw|The play was a great success, but audience was a dismal failure.
José Saramago|Dignity has no price, when someone starts making small concessions, in the end, life loses all meaning.
C.S. Lewis, Seeing Eye and Other Selected Essays from Christian Reflections|Doubt is an uncomfortable condition, full of unknowns, asking questions but raising possibilities.
Patrick Ness, Monsters of Men|His noise is getting quieter, but I can still see it there still-See how he feels the skin of my hand against his, see how he wants to take it and press it against his mouth, how he wants to breathe in the smell of me and how beautiful I look to him, how strong after all that illness, and how he wants to just lightly touch my neck, just there, and how he wants to take me in his arms and-"Oh, God," he says, looking away suddenly. "Viola, I'm sorry, I didn't mean-"But I just put my hand to the back of his neck-And he says, "Viola-?"And I pull myself towards him-And I kiss him.And it feels like, finally.
Benjamin Franklin, Poor Richard's Almanack|Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other, and scarce in that.
Julie Garwood, The Secret|Dreams are for little girls to whisper to each other. They don't really come true. I'm a fully grown woman now, Frances Catherine. I don't imagine impossible things.
E. Lockhart, Real Live Boyfriends: Yes. Boyfriends, Plural. If My Life Weren't Complicated, I Wouldn't Be Ruby Oliver|I can't forget things, or ignore them-bad things that happen," I said. "I'm a lay-it-all-out person, a dwell-on-it person, an obsess-about-it person. If I hold things in and try to forget or pretend, I become a madman and have panic attacks. I have to talk.
Adrian Tomine|If you wanted to design a robot that could learn as well as it possibly could, you might end up with something that looked a lot like a 3-year-old.
Cameron Russell|I work all day, morning and afternoon, just about every day. If I sit there like that for two or three years, at the end I have a book.
Dr Sivakumar Gowder|We derive vitamin D from the sunshine, and hence it can also be considered as "day" vitamin.
R.W. van Bemmelen|We will be able to depart this life with the quiet peace-giving notion, that we were permitted to contribute to the happiness of many who will live after us. In our long lives we endeavored to unfold the collective consciousness. In our lives we have known hell and heaven; the final balance, however, is that we helped pave the way to dynamic harmony in this earthly house. That, I believe, is the meaning of life.
Alexander Pushkin, The Captain's Daughter and Other Stories|And, when the revolutionary cries that he is fighting for ‘freedom’, be sure to go running away from him just as fast as you can, for you can be damned certain he’s fighting for the freedom to tell you what to do.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Thank God for all my troubles, he made me trust in Him.
Dada Bhagwan|What is the definition of Gnan [true knowledge]? It is that which must be present without fail when needed. Who should be the one imparting this Knowledge? It is not acceptable coming from any ordinary person. It must be from one whose speech has power (vachanbad), so that it will be present when needed. The Gnan [Knowledge] has to present itself, otherwise the work cannot be accomplished.
Portia de Rossi|Daredevil was known as 'The Man Without Fear,' and I just thought, 'Well, I don't think that's very interesting.' I don't think it's very interesting to watch someone who's incapable of feeling fear. It also removes from the palate my favorite character attribute, which is courage. If you're not afraid, you can't exercise courage.
Samuel Beckett, The Unnamable|She was so shattered about what kind of man he was -- brutal, tender, passionate. There was little doubt he had some mental disorder.
Kristi Bowman, Journey to One: A Woman's Story of Emotional Healing and Spiritual Awakening|We often forget our human connectedness. Throughout my life, I have felt the greatest beauty lies in this connection. It has been in the deepest connections with others that I have experienced the greatest degree of learning, healing and transformation. This connection is a powerful thing, with the ability to transform lives, and ultimately transform human experience.
Michelle Lynn Brown, Miracles in Disguise|The Lord has called me to obedience, though not always to success.
Dionne Warwick|Living with anyone for many years takes skill. To keep peace in the household, couples learn to adapt to one another, hopefully in positive ways.
Thomas Merton, No Man Is an Island|If pride is a sin, then love must be the mother of sin.
David Graeber, Debt: The First 5,000 Years|At this point we can finally see what's really at stake in our peculiar habit of defining ourselves simultaneously as master and slave, reduplicating the most brutal aspects of the ancient household in our very concept of ourselves, as masters of our freedoms, or as owners of our very selves. It is the only way that we can imagine ourselves as completely isolated beings. There is a direct line from the new Roman conception of liberty – not as the ability to form mutual relationships with others, but as the kind of absolute power of "use and abuse" over the conquered chattel who make up the bulk of a wealthy Roman man's household – to the strange fantasies of liberal philosophers like Hobbes, Locke, and Smith, about the origins of human society in some collection of thirty- or forty-year-old males who seem to have sprung from the earth fully formed, then have to decide whether to kill each other or begin to swap beaver pelts.
Jay Woodman|All I can say to people who hate their mothers for giving birth to them is "get the fuck out of your scaredy shells and kiss the world".
Anthony Burgess|She couldn't see the homemade colored sprinkles, the tender yellow cake, or the pale pink frosting made with strawberry syrup enhanced with a little rosewater. Although our local strawberries weren't in season yet, I had conjured the aroma and taste of juicy berries warmed by the sun. I hoped this flavor would help the two old people return once more to their youth and the carefree feeling of a summer day.
M.J. Kaufman|But whence came this curious difference between them? He found that he could point to no single feature wherein the difference resided, yet it was impossible to ignore. One could try - Ransom has tried a hundred times - to put it into words. He has said that Malacandra was like rhythm and Perelandra like melody. He has said that Malacandra affected him like a quantitative, Perelandra like an accentual, metre. He thinks that the first held in his hand something like a spear, but the hands of the other were open, with the palms towards him. But I don't know that any of these attempts has helped me much. At all events what Ransom saw at that moment was the real meaning of gender.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Faust: First Part|As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live.
David Mitchell, The Bone Clocks|I wanted to get you flowers but none of the flower shops are open at this hour. I checked six all-night variety stores before finding any at all and this was the best of the-""They're lovely," Rachel interrupted as she took the flowers. Limp and sad-looking as they were, they truly were lovely to Rachel. They represented hope, and she accepted them gladly, offering a shy smile as she lifted them to her face and sniffed the delicate bouquet of- "Salami?"They were kept in the deli fridge," he muttered, looking embarrassed.
Rosamunde Pilcher, The Shell Seekers|She had loved them all, her children. Loved each one the best, but for different reasons.
Deborah Heiligman, Charles and Emma: The Darwins' Leap of Faith|I wish you knew how I value you; and what an inexpressible blessing it is to have one whom one can always trust, one always the same, always ready to give comfort, sympathy and the best advice. God bless you, my dear, you are too good for me.' -Charles to Emma, 1859
V.S. Ramachandran, The Tell–Tale Brain – A Neuroscientist`s Quest for What Makes Us Human|Even if God had created us, He would never have admitted it.
Ric Flair|Prophesy is a good line of business, but it is full of risks.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|Faith is irrational, which is why those who exercise it are rewarded irrationally.
Brenda Perlin|Being married definitely took work. When we fought, I felt like I wanted to float away and drown, whereas before I knew I could walk away without any strings attached.
Francine Pascal, Fearless|Being FEARLESS isn't being 100% Not FEARFUL, it's being terrified but you jump anyway...
Madison Thorne Grey, Magnificence|Hey, look who's alive! I knew you were too tough to leave this f@$#ed up place without a fight, and you do realize that if you had wanted to get into Wharick's bed, there certainly would have been easier ways to get there than getting yourself poisoned," He smiled widely.
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|The simple act of having a camera, not a cell phone, but a camera-camera, there’s a kind of a heightened perceptional awareness that occurs. Like, I could walk from here to the highway in two minutes, but if I had a camera, that walk could take me two hours.
Vladimir Nabokov, Speak, Memory|How small the cosmos (a kangaroo's pouch would hold it), how paltry and puny in comparison to human consciousness, to a single individual recollection, and its expression in words!
Adnan Bhatti|I have done things that are memorable to me. Some of them had brought sadness instantly to me, and others happiness. But I wished I had not made them in the first place, even more for the joyful ones. For they bring pain in me, as what have had happened there will be a memory, and will always stay as one. We can never relive those times, and that is what's haunting me, and brings pain in me...
Stephenie Meyer, New Moon|Time passes. Even when it seems impossible. Even when each tick of the second hand aches like the pulse of blood behind a bruise. It passes unevenly, in strange lurches and dragging lulls, but pass it does. Even for me.
Abhinav Rajput|Courtrooms are battlegrounds where society’s bullies and the oppressed clash, where the victims of abusers seek recompense, and where parties cheated by scalawags seek retribution. Because of the high stakes involved, the parties are not always honest, and justice depends upon an array of factors including the prevailing case precedent, the skills of the legal advocates, and the merits of each party’s claims and counterclaims.
Cameron Jace, Snow White Sorrow|I stand before her, meeting her eye to eye and nose to nose. My head takes a slight bow as I clench my fist. “I should have just killed you like any other bloodsucking vampire.”“So why didn’t you?” She tiptoes, clenching her first as well. I have to admit. She is a much better version of the Snow White you see in a Disney movie. She’s kind of kickass. I like it, but I will never let her know.“Why do you care so much about me then? Ha?” She asks."I should have killed you before," I repeated while all I could do is wonder how I'd ever fallen in love with a monster girl.
Priscilla Koranteng, Trails to the Stream: Poetry and Inspiration for Everyday Living|In this room I grew.So many lessons I learnedOpportunities I gainedCriticisms I gracefully enduredIn this room, I made my mark".
Adam Clarke|We do not need them. They would hinder rather than help our praise. Sing unto him. This is the sweetest and best music. No instrument like the human voice. What a degradation to supplant the intelligent song of the whole congregation by the theatrical prettiness of a quartet, bellows, and pipes! We might as well pray by machinery as praise by it.
Salman Rushdie|Will some reporter, or some Republican on the Sunday shows, please ask why tax cuts raid the non-existent Social Security Trust Fund but all the Democrats' new spending doesn't? Will someone please ask that?
Ruth Hurmence Green|Personally, I think the 'Christian family' should be called a Christian fantasy.
A.D. Posey|When life gives you a second chance, don’t just run with it…fly.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|A first premonition of the rich variety of life had come to him; for the first time he thought he had understood the nature of human beings - they needed each other even when they appeared hostile, and it was very sweet to be loved by them.
Alexander Gordon Smith, The Fury|Life is a nightmare that leaves its mark upon you in order to prove that it is, in fact, real.
Gayle D. Erwin, The Jesus Style|Our humility before God has no value, except that it prepares us to reveal the humility of Jesus to our fellow men.
Foz Meadows|Oh my God, cheese burn!
Daniel Keyes, Flowers for Algernon|An ugliness unfurled in the moonlight and soft shadow and suffused the whole world. If I were an amoeba, he thought, with an infinitesimal body, I could defeat ugliness. A man isn’t tiny or giant enough to defeat anything.
Douglas Coupland|If your man is a sports enthusiast, you may have to resign yourself to his spouting off in a monotone on a prize fight, football game or pennant race.
Leigh Bardugo, Six of Crows|Understanding comes out of immense love, which is harder to get in life.
Jenny Diski|But given that depression happened to me, and I did have support, I found it was possible after a time, to achieve a kind of joy totally disconnected from the world. I wanted to be unavailable and in that place without the pain. I still want it. It is coloured white and filled with a singing silence. It is an endless ice-rink. It is Antarctica.
Crystal Woods, Dreaming is for lovers|everyone who terrifies you is sixy-five percent water, and everyone you love is made of stardust, and I know sometimes you cannot even breathe deeply, and the night sky is no home, and you have cried yourself to sleep enough times that you are down to your last two percent, but nothing is infinite, not even loss. you are made of the sea and the stars and one day you are going to find yourself again.
Zadie Smith, White Teeth|The Jews could be put down very plausible as the most unpleasant race ever heard of. As commonly encountered they lack any of the qualities that mark the civilized man: courage, dignity, incorruptibility, ease, confidence. They have vanity without pride, voluptuousness without taste, and learning without wisdom. Their fortitude such as it is, is wasted upon puerile objects, and their charity is mainly a form of display.
Dorothy Parker|Be you wise and never sad,You will get your lovely lad.Never serious be, nor true,And your wish will come to you--And if that makes you happy, kid,You'll be the first it ever did.
Dada Bhagwan|Until the ‘wrong belief’ leaves, we will continue to be robbed.
Bill Clinton|The accomplishments of the women in 'The Counselors' are a testament to the power and promise of the American Dream and are sure to resonate deeply with many young women who have the desire and the ability to make their own unique contributions to this legacy of progress. . . . Just as the women in this book were empowered by the efforts and example of those who came before them, a new generation will be inspired and encouraged by the spirit and achievements of this remarkable group.
Toni Sorenson|Sometimes the steepest, most challenging and most rewarding paths in life are not meant to be walked, but crawled.
Marilyn Manson|The death of one is a tragedy, but death of a million is just a statistic. 
Michael  Grant, Hunger|Don’t want no more rock,” Orc repeated.The bleeding stopped almost immediately.“Does it hurt?” Lana asked. “I mean the rock. I know the hole hurts.”“No. It don’t hurt.” Orc slammed his fist against his opposite arm, hard enough that any human arm would have been shattered. “I barely feel it. Even Drake’s whip, when we was fighting, I barely felt it.”Suddenly he was weeping. Tears rolled from human eyes onto cheeks of flesh and pebbles.“I don’t feel nothing except…” He pointed a thick stone finger at the flesh of his face.“Yeah,” Lana said. Her irritation was gone. Her burden was smaller, maybe, than Orc’s.
Rush Limbaugh|If I can drive down the road in my car and listen to XM satellite, and when a song gets beamed into my car, it can tell me who wrote the song and what the damn lyrics are, why, when you broadcast a digital signal of a film, can't it speak to your television to set up a list of settings to show the film in the way that it was meant to be shown?
Joanne McClean, Learning to Breathe|It pained her that a few hundred words in an also-ran newspaper could get her kicked out. That damned article.And Rook.Her sharpest agony. She had invested in this guy. Waited for this guy. Felt something for this guy that went beyond the bedroom ... or wherever else they took each other. Nikki did not give herself easily to a man, and this betrayal by Rook was why. Heat reflected on her answer at the oral boards about her greatest flaw and admitted her reply was a mask. Yes, her identification with her job was total. But her greatest flaw wasn’t overinvestment in her career. It was her reticence to be vulnerable. Unarmed as she was-literally-she had been emotionally so with Rook.That was the gut shot that had blown clean through her soul.
Philippa Gregory, The Other Boleyn Girl|Stars in the night,' he said. 'Something something something something, some delight
Stephanie Perkins|It's hard as hell to hold onto your dignity when the risen sun is too bright in your losing eyes, and that's what I was thinking about as we hunted for bad guys through the ruins of a city that didn't exist.
Shannon L. Alder|Storms don't come to teach us painful lessons, rather they were meant to wash us clean.
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|The sky was low and broody, but from here, near the treeline, you could see the forest rolling down into the valley, the lake tucked away like a pocket mirror.
Sugiarti Manik|- Do you want to know why I followed you into that funeral parlor?- You said you followed me on a whim.- That´s the truth, but there´s more to it. I was parking at the gas station across the street and I saw you get out of your car. I didn´t think much of it until you paused on your way inside the shop. You tilted your head toward the sun and closed your eyes, like a prisoner stepping outside after years of being locked away. It seemed so odd. No one just stops and appreciates life like that, but you did. I could see your smile from across the street and I couldn´t look away. I knew in that moment that I was completely uninterested in pursuing a life in wich I didn´t cross that street and meet you
Chuck Palahniuk|In terms of level of difficulty, it would go comedy, thriller, and then romantic drama.
Wendell Berry, Jayber Crow|Jesus was victorious not because he never flinched, talked back, or questioned, but having flinched, talked back, and questioned, he remained faithful.
Michelle Cruz-Rosado|Courage is living by the free will that one creates for themselves, not the life of monotony determined by another.
Carol Lee, To Die For|Sometimes healthy and whole people make you long for your old, 'undepressed' self, and it is hard to smile when you just feel like sobbing your heart out. People are going out, you aren't. People are vacationing, you aren't. They are getting ahead in their careers, you aren't. They are partying, you aren't. Socializing reminds you of everything you have lost to depression.
David Finkel, The Good Soldiers|... we live in a purposeful world with a linear movement to a grand climax. Thousands of sub-plots unfold enroute to the great finale. Behind your life is an unseen and up fathomed blueprint where every experience is purposeful. Within this divine plan we are not robots, but responsible moral agents. We make choices and we are responsible for these choices. But God, in a way that you and I will never fathom, integrates into his plan our choices long before they are ever made.
Shannan Lea, Eish! London|If you imagine that I have the smallest desire to receive your hand as a reward for having performed a difficult task to your satisfaction you're beside the bridge, my child! I've no fancy for a reluctant wife. I want your love, not your gratitude.
Lorde|'Cyberspace' as a term is sort of over. It's over in the way that, after a certain time, people stopped using the suffix '-electro' to make things cool, because everything was electrical. 'Electro' was all over the early 20th century, and now it's gone. I think 'cyber' is sort of the same way.
Jamie Zeppa, Beyond the Sky and the Earth: A Journey into Bhutan|Time has become a melding of minutes and months and the feeling of seasons. […] Leon says it is the Bhutan Time Warp and I know what he means. Time does not hurl itself forward at breakneck speed here. Change happens very slowly. A grandmother and her granddaughter wear the same kind of clothes, they do the same work, they know the same songs. The granddaughter does not find her grandmother an embarrassing, boring relic.
Widad Akreyi|One who abuses his power, unaware that one day will be the victim of his own abuses
Edgar A. Guest|This I would like to be- braver and bolder, Just a bit wiser because I am older, Just a bit kinder to those I may meet, Just a bit manlier taking defeat; This for the New Year my wish and my plea- Lord, make a regular man out of me. This I would like to be- just a bit finer, More of a smiler and less of a whiner, Just a bit quicker to stretch out my hand Helping another who's struggling to stand, This is my prayer for the New Year to be, Lord, make a regular man out of me. This I would like to be- just a bit fairer, Just a bit better, and just a bit squarer, Not quite so ready to censure and blame, Quicker to help every man in the game, Not quite so eager men's failings to see, Lord, make a regular man out of me. This I would like to be- just a bit truer, Less of the wisher and more of the doer, Broader and bigger, more willing to give, Living and helping my neighbor to live! This for the New Year my prayer and my plea- Lord, make a regular man out of me.
Malaika Arora Khan|Never stand still. Only stand still enough to learn, and once you stop learning in that stance, move off. Always keep yourself engaged, in theater, in whatever job you can get. If you can't get an acting job, then go backstage. Or take tickets. But be around actors because that is where you will primarily learn.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Sin was conquered on the cross. [Christ’s] death is the foundation of our hope, the promise of our triumph!
Lisa Kessler, Wolf Moon|Everything okay?”“I’m not sure, but it’s not shittier, so that’s something.”She laughed. “Still an optimist.
Michel Houellebecq, H.P. Lovecraft: Against the World, Against Life|Life is painful and disappointing. It is useless, therefore, to write new realistic novels. We generally know where we stand in relation to reality and don’t care to know any more.
Ada Louise Huxtable|Never mind gas masks and fallout shelters in the event of biological warfare. Many New Yorkers move from place to place equipped with the essentials of vermin assault weaponry: mouse traps, roach spray, and sticky tapes. In some neighborhoods, it’s a must.
Richard Rohr, Falling Upward: A Spirituality for the Two Halves of Life|I don’t claim to know an over-arching ‘Meaning of Life,’ but I do operate under the understanding that life should not be lived under the pretense that it is simply a test propagated by an invisible, intangible, Creator-God. And it should not be spent identifying with religious traditions and organized groups that, historically, have been at the root of a tremendous amount of oppression and violence.
Charlie Chaplin|I'm sorry, but I don't want to be an emperor. That's not my business. I don't want to rule or conquer anyone. I should like to help everyone if possible; Jew, Gentile, black man, white. We all want to help one another. Human beings are like that. We want to live by each other's happiness, not by each other's misery. We don't want to hate and despise one another. In this world there is room for everyone, and the good earth is rich and can provide for everyone. The way of life can be free and beautiful, but we have lost the way. Greed has poisoned men's souls, has barricaded the world with hate, has goose-stepped us into misery and bloodshed. We have developed speed, but we have shut ourselves in. Machinery that gives abundance has left us in want. Our knowledge has made us cynical; our cleverness, hard and unkind. We think too much and feel too little. More than machinery, we need humanity. More than cleverness, we need kindness and gentleness. Without these qualities, life will be violent and all will be lost. The airplane and the radio have brought us closer together. The very nature of these inventions cries out for the goodness in men; cries out for universal brotherhood; for the unity of us all. Even now my voice is reaching millions throughout the world, millions of despairing men, women, and little children, victims of a system that makes men torture and imprison innocent people. To those who can hear me, I say, do not despair. The misery that is now upon us is but the passing of greed, the bitterness of men who fear the way of human progress. The hate of men will pass, and dictators die, and the power they took from the people will return to the people. And so long as men die, liberty will never perish. Soldiers! Don't give yourselves to brutes, men who despise you, enslave you; who regiment your lives, tell you what to do, what to think and what to feel! Who drill you, diet you, treat you like cattle, use you as cannon fodder. Don't give yourselves to these unnatural men - machine men with machine minds and machine hearts! You are not machines, you are not cattle, you are men! You have the love of humanity in your hearts! You don't hate! Only the unloved hate; the unloved and the unnatural. Soldiers! Don't fight for slavery! Fight for liberty! In the seventeenth chapter of St. Luke, it is written that the kingdom of God is within man, not one man nor a group of men, but in all men! In you! You, the people, have the power, the power to create machines, the power to create happiness! You, the people, have the power to make this life free and beautiful, to make this life a wonderful adventure. Then in the name of democracy, let us use that power. Let us all unite. Let us fight for a new world, a decent world that will give men a chance to work, that will give youth a future and old age a security. By the promise of these things, brutes have risen to power. But they lie! They do not fulfill that promise. They never will! Dictators free themselves but they enslave the people. Now let us fight to fulfill that promise. Let us fight to free the world! To do away with national barriers! To do away with greed, with hate and intolerance! Let us fight for a world of reason, a world where science and progress will lead to all men's happiness. Soldiers, in the name of democracy, let us all unite!
R.A.Delmonico|Even if a particle could travel backward in time, information could not. Retrocausality will be replaced by something more sophisticated. There are no perfect symmetries, there is no pure randomness everything is an approximation of something else. Information may appear in a digital form but meaning never does. Spacetime is built up from approximations, not discrete ones and zeros, and the only constant may be ratios. Quantum entanglement and geometry; if we think of a particle as being at one pole of an expanding sphere that is not perfectly symmetrical, this surface would be "rippling" like the surface of the ocean (in the audio world this is called dithering), at the other pole is the entangled particle's pair and it is a property of the sphere that gives the illusion of connectivity. This is not a physical geometry, it is a computational geometry. Is spacetime a product of entanglement? Renate Loll believes that time is not perfectly symmetrical. Her computer models require causality. Possibly some form of quantum random walk in state space. If a photon is emitted by an electron inside of a clock on Earth and it travels to a clock four light years away, time stops for the clock on Earth and time jumps forward eight years for the distant clock also, the electron that will capture the photon becomes infinitely large relative to the photon but the electron that emitted it does not become infinitely small therefore, time is not perfectly symmetrical.
Amit Kalantri|If you can confess before a friend, you don't need a priest.
John Gottberg|In the general American population, 3.9 percent of adult men are six foot two or taller. Among my CEO sample, almost a third were six foot two or taller.
Serj Tankian|I don't really like labels in politics, but I will gladly accept the label of conservatism.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|Love and loneliness, they are both coincidences.
Alan Bennett, The Uncommon Reader|I have to seem like a human being all the time, but I seldom have to be one. I have people to do that for me.
Hunter S. Thompson, The Rum Diary|It has been my face. It's got older still, or course, but less, comparatively, than it would otherwise have done. It's scored with deep, dry wrinkles, the skin is cracked. But my face hasn't collapsed, as some with fine feature have done. It's kept the same contours, but its substance has been laid waste. I have a face laid waste.
Ann Mah, Mastering the Art of French Eating: Lessons in Food and Love from a Year in Paris|The only thing that could spoil a day was people and if you could keep from making engagements, each day had no limits. People were always the limiters of happiness except for the very few that were as good as spring itself.
Debasish Mridha|Love and learn from everyone,but follow your heart,and your inner conviction.
Sam Brownback|I was homeless for about 8 months, I refused to live with my dad or anyone for that matter. So I stayed somewhere that had no hot water, ever, no heat, I told myself I have to be strong and get through it on my own.
D.H. Lawrence, Women in Love|That’s the place to get to—nowhere. One wants to wander away from the world’s somewheres, into our own nowhere.
Nora Ephron|Fashion should be a form of escapism, and not a form of imprisonment.
Cliff Fadiman|When you reread a classic, you do not see more in the book than you did before; you see more in you than there was before.
Linda Nichols|Since no one really knows what or who God is, or whether God is at all, why can't God be hope?
Debasish Mridha|Be like the moon, give everyone your love and smiles.
Larry P. Aitken, Two Cultures Meet: Pathways For American Indians To Medicine|Elder's Meditation of the Day - February 18 "laughter is a necessity in life that does not cost much, and the Old Ones say that one of the greatest healing powers in our life is the ability to laugh." --Larry P. Aitken, CHIPPEWA Laughter is a good stress eliminator. Laughter causes healing powers to be distributed through our bodies. Laughter helps heal relationships that are having problems. Laughter can change other people. Laughter can heal the sick. Laughter is spiritual. One of the greatest gifts among Indian people has been our ability to laugh. Humor is natural to Indian people. Sometimes the only thing left to do is laugh. Great Spirit, allow me to laugh when times get tough.
Sherwin B. Nuland|John Candy knew he was going to die. He told me on his 40th birthday. He said, well, Maureen, I'm on borrowed time.
Alexandre Dumas, The Three Musketeers|In all times, and all countries especially in those countries which are divided within by religious faith, there are always fanatics who will be well contented to be regarded as martyrs.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby|By God, I may be old-fashioned in my ideas, but women run around too much these days to suit me. They meet all kinds of crazy fish.
Marty Rubin|This may not be the best of all possible worlds, but it's the only real one.
Rascal Flatts|I set out on a narrow way many years ago, hoping I would find true love along the broken road
Agapi Stassinopoulos|Into your darkest corner, you are safe in my love, you are protected. I am the openess you seek, I am your doorway. Come sit in the circular temple of my heart, & let yourself be calm.
Dan Hill|If I can put on my album in a car or on my headphones and listen to the whole thing and love it, that's what I'm going to be happy putting out there.
Malak El Halabi|Master morality is a "yea-saying" attitude where "good" and "bad" are equivalent to "noble" and "despicable" respectively.
Matthew Reilly, The Great Zoo of China|Be careful, darling. Your footsteps land heavy here. Your racket will wake the dragons.
Jodi Picoult, Nineteen Minutes|Everyone knew that if you divided reality by expectation, you got a happiness quotient. But when you invert the equation - expectation divided by reality - you didn't get the opposite of happiness. What you got, Lewis realized, was hope.
Michael  Grant, Plague|Hunter’s entire body writhed and squirmed.The side of his head was partly gone. A creature, like some monstrous melding of insect and eel, protruded from Hunter’s shoulder and as they stood there rooted in horror it took a vicious bite of Hunter’s flesh.Taylor was suddenly gone.Dekka’s face was grim, her eyes wet.“I tried . . . ,” Hunter said. He held up his hands, mimicked pressing them against his head. “It didn’t work.”“I can do it,” Sam said softly.“I’m scared,” Hunter said.“I know.”“It’s ’cause I killed Harry. God has to punish me. I tried to be good but I’m bad.”“No, Hunter,” Sam said gently. “You paid your dues. You fed the kids. You’re a good guy.”“I’m a good hunter.”“The best.”“I don’t know what’s happening. What’s happening, Sam?”“It’s just the FAYZ, Hunter,” Sam said.“Can the angels find me here so I can go to heaven?”Sam didn’t answer. It was Dekka who spoke. “Do you still remember any prayers, Hunter?”The insectlike creature was almost completely emerged from Hunter’s shoulder. Legs were becoming visible. It had wings folded against its body. It looked like a gigantic ant, or wasp, but silver and brass and covered with a sheen of slime.It was emerging like a chicken breaking out of an egg. Being born. And as the creature was born, it fed on Hunter’s numbed body.Jerky movements beneath Hunter’s shirt testified to more of the larvae emerging.“Do you remember ‘now I lay me down to sleep’?” Dekka asked.“Now I lay me down to sleep,” Hunter said. “I pray the Lord my soul to keep.”Sam raised his hands, palms out.“If I should die—”Twin beams of light hit Hunter’s chest and face. His shirt caught fire. Flesh melted. He was dead before he could feel anything.Sam played the light up and down Hunter’s body. The smell was sickening. Jack wanted to look away, but how could he?Sudden darkness as Sam terminated the light.Sam lowered his hands to his side.They stood there in the darkness. Jack breathed through his mouth, trying not to smell the burned flesh.Then they heard a sound. Many sounds.Sam raised his hands and pale light glowed.Hunter was all but gone.The things that had been inside him were still there.
Brian Selznick, Wonderstruck|Come on, let’s go meet the guy who thinks he’s my better half . And dear God, I apologize ahead of time if he starts talking to you about how many eight-point bucks he’s planning to hunt this weekend.
Marge Piercy|Where do dreams come from?...they slink out of books, they lurk in the stacks of libraries. Out of pages turned they rise like the scent of peonies and infect the brain with their promises.
H. Jackson Brown, Jr.|The entrepreneurial life is one of challenge, work, dedication, perseverance, exhilaration, agony, accomplishment, failure, sacrifice, control, powerlessness... but ultimately, extraordinary satisfaction.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh|Only in growth, reform, and change, paradoxically enough, is true security to be found.
Dianne Sylvan|...she is careful who she sleeps with, because only those willing totreat her witht he same reverence are worthy of her attention....you are the Goddess, and "all acts of love and pleasure" are your rituals
Aram Seriteratai|Never joined the wrong boat. When the destination is right, and the direction is wronged, everything goes wrongly!
Anne Brontë, The Tenant of Wildfell Hall|Ah, we shall never have a real aristocracy while this plebeian reluctance to live upon a parent or a wife continues the animating spirit of our youth. It strikes at the foot of the feudal system!
Alexander McCall Smith, The Forever Girl|..what moved me was that I had found something I didn't think could exist. And that thing - the thing that I found - was very simple. Most people know all about it and have never really doubted it because their lives have been such as to give them a glimpse of the thing that they were not sure about, which is love, of course: the sheer fact of feeling of love for another, of finding the one person - the only person, it seems - who makes the world make sense. It's like discovering the map that you've been looking for all your life and have never been able to find - the map that makes sense of the journey.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Even five minutes of your time can make someone’s day,
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The more you read the Bible, the more transform your life will be.
Kelseyleigh Reber|I have emotions,” I whisper. I am nothing but a black hole of emotions.
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|the future belongs to those societies that treat new ideas as delicate, fragile and immensely valuable pathways to the future.
Paula McLain, The Paris Wife|They’d scared me and had me thinking about what it meant to be really strong, on my own terms—not just fit and brown from the sun, not just flexible and accommodating.
Henry Hon, ONE: Unfolding God's Eternal Purpose from House to House|Because When you write about people, you inevitably offend--but if you write about animals, the evil do not recognize themselves but the good understand immediately.
Archibald MacLeish|As things are now going, the peace we will make, the peace we seem to be making, will be a peace of oil, a peace of gold, a peace of shipping, a peace, in brief... without moral purpose or human interest.
India Drummond, Ordinary Angels|Who're them?" says he to the curate."Them are the fallen angels," says the c
Peter Freuchen, Book of the Eskimos|Best *sometimes it is best not to speakbut just gaze silentlyinto the infinity of your own soul_____________________________rassool jibraeel snyman (c) 2015"The Poetic Assassin
James     Baldwin, Giovanni's Room|Love him,’ said Jacques, with vehemence, ‘love him and let him love you. Do you think anything else under heaven really matters? And how long, at the best, can it last, since you are both men and still have everywhere to go? Only five minutes, I assure you, only five minutes, and most of that, helas! in the dark. And if you think of them as dirty, then they will be dirty— they will be dirty because you will be giving nothing, you will be despising your flesh and his. But you can make your time together anything but dirty, you can give each other something which will make both of you better—forever—if you will not be ashamed, if you will only not play it safe.’ He paused, watching me, and then looked down to his cognac. ‘You play it safe long enough,’ he said, in a different tone, ‘and you’ll end up trapped in your own dirty body, forever and forever and forever—like me.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Everyone at some point in life have faced rejection and failure, it is part of the process to self realisation.
Kourtney Kardashian|I've always loved children's clothes - my grandmother actually owned a children's boutique in La Jolla, CA, for 30 years. I grew up visiting her and working in her store, and then my mom and I had a children's boutique together for five or six years.
Vivian Amis, I Am: The Key to Manifesting|What is life to Spirit, is death to the ego.
Aaron Copland, What to Listen for in Music|The whole problem can be stated quite simply by asking, 'Is there a meaning to music?' My answer would be, 'Yes.' And 'Can you state in so many words what the meaning is?' My answer to that would be, 'No'.
H.F. Stewart|Ga thought of how difficult it was to come to see the lies you told yourself, the ones that allowed you to function and move forward.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|The currency of evolution is neither hunger nor pain, but rather copies of DNA helixes
Henry Louis Gates|Jo Sykes made these incredible leather jackets: the leather was like butter. I had one, but I lost it at a wedding in Ibiza. It was so sad; I've not been able to replace.
Wayne Gerard Trotman|Deliver more than you promise and earn the respect and gratitude of the intelligent, the wise, and the honourable.
Himanshu Chhabra|The writer doesn’t write for the reader. He doesn’t write for himself, either. He writes to serve…something. Somethingness. The somethingness that is sheltered by the wings of nothingness — those exquisite, enveloping, protecting wings.
Elisa Romeo, Meet Your Soul: A Powerful Guide to Connect with Your Most Sacred Self|The Soul's path is not straight and orderly; it's windy, often bumpy, and has an incredible view.
Anurag Shourie, Half A Shadow|Truthful hyperbole’ is a contradiction in terms. It’s a way of saying, ‘It’s a lie, but who cares?’ 
Christina Engela, The Time Saving Agency|If you are proud for bad reasons, shame waits around the corner
Nikki Rowe|Mumma said there would be days like this, Some we live happily; some a dieing wish Only the brave face the unknown, Fight for what you love and accept all the growth. When others speak their worries, clear in their fears, Remember who you are, you've worked on self for years.So listen to your Mumma, she has wise words to say,Live a life you'll be thankful of and I'll always be a phone call away.
Oliver Sacks, Musicophilia: Tales of Music and the Brain|In every human heart is a place where you put all your broken dreams. When something doesn't work out, no matter what it may be, you just have to give it up and stuff it in with your broken dreams. And make sure you keep the lid on tight.
Kailin Gow, Perfect Summer|What did I know of loving anything, beyond a longing, beyond being biased in one woman's direction.
Charles Stross, Accelerando|On our Journey, we should not dwell on the guilt emerging because of dropping back to Ego-dominated state; instead, we should celebrate that we are in the state of the Presence!!
Kelli O'Hara|In sports teams, apart from talk of sporting prowess and the imparting of inspirational thought, an extraordinary amount of time is spent discussing, and flaunting, material possessions.
Holly Hood, Heart of Gypsies|All I knew was, my Father was famous for being a loser, and a loser that wanted nothing to do with me, since the day I was born.
Silvia Hartmann, Energy EFT: Energize Your Life From -10 to +10 With The Essential Next Generation A-Z Field Guide To Self-Help EFT Emotional Freedom Techniques|Take the entire 4.5-billion-year history of the earth and scale it down to a single year, with January 1 being the origin of the earth and midnight on December 31 being the present. Until June, the only organisms were single-celled microbes, such as algae, bacteria, and amoebae. The first animal with a head did not appear until October. The first human appears on December 31. We, like all the animals and plants that have ever lived, are recent crashers at the party of life on earth.
oladosu feyikogbon|You can make it right, just faith the future and work towards it
Angelo Codevilla|Your intentions will be good. Without consideration and forethought, however, your actions could still be evil. That is the problem, of course, evil is always easy and resisting it is never so. Evil is relentless; and anyone, if they tire, if they are not vigilant, can fall prey to it.
Björk|Usually when you see females in movies, they feel like they have these metallic structures around them, they are caged by male energy.
Sanjay Dutt|Well, I think first it was rare for me to do anything that had any kind of a romantic note to it.
Dak Prescott|I want kids to have a chance to dream of becoming something like I did in my life, and when you're living in a home that's dysfunctional and unhealthy that way, you don't dream like that.
Gilad Atzmon, The Wandering Who? A Study of Jewish Identity Politics|The overall U.S. homeownership rate increased from 64 percent in 1994 to a peak in 2004 with an all-time high of 69.2 percent. Real estate had become the leading business in America, more and more speculators invested money in the business. During 2006, 22 percent of homes purchased (1.65 million units) were for investment purposes, with an additional 14 percent (1.07 million units) purchased as vacation homes.These figures led Americans to believe that their economy was indeed booming. And when an economy is booming nobody is really interested in foreign affairs, certainly not in a million dead Iraqis. But then the grave reality dawned on the many struggling, working class Americans and immigrants, who were failing to pay back money they didn't have in the first place.Due to the rise in oil prices and the rise of interest rates, millions of disadvantaged Americans fell behind. By the time they drove back to their newly purchased suburban dream houses, there was not enough money in the kitty to pay the mortgage or elementary needs. Consequently, within a very short time, millions of houses were repossessed. Clearly, there was no one around who could afford to buy those newly repossessed houses. Consequently, the poor people of America became poorer than ever.Just as Wolfowitz's toppled Saddam, who dragged the American Empire down with him, the poor Americans, that were set to facilitate Wolfowitz's war, pulled down American capitalism as well as the American monetary and banking system. Greenspan's policy led an entire class to ruin, leaving America's financial system with a hole that now stands at a trillion dollars.
Claire Kendal, The Book of You|Detective Inspector Carver took a picture from the breast pocket of his suit. He handed it to me. ‘This is what you did, Michael. Take a good look. See if it jogs your memory.’I gawped at the mutilated corpse of a naked young girl lying on a blood-soaked double bed. Her hands were bound to the brass headboard with duct tape. Blood covered her upper body, and her long blonde hair was streaked a murderous shade of red. One eye stared at the ceiling as if searching for salvation, the other, a bloody unrecognisable pulp, bore no relation to its sightless counterpart. ‘Carla Marie Coombs. Twenty-one years of age. Do you recognise her, Michael?
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Your smile is a magnet for goodwill and positivity. In unison with your attitude, people gravitate to happy people!
Nicholas Sparks, The Last Song|When you look into your mother’s eyes, you know that is the purest love you can find on this earth.
S.A. Tawks, Misadventurous|He seemed like he was baiting me to ask, like he wanted me to know his troubles but wanted me to ask first.
Robert Kiyosaki|As soon as I go out into the world, I belong, in a way, to everyone else. It's legal to follow me. It's legal to stalk me at the beach. And I can't call the police or ask them to leave.
S.J. Goslee, Whatever.: or how junior year became totally f$@ked|What, do I look like an alien? I don’t think aliens wear sexy dresses that make their boyfriends want to hide them from other men.”Wendy in Dancing with Death
Kathy Acker|But now that she had achieved knighthood, and thought and acted as she wanted and decided, for one has to act in this way in order to save this world, she neither noticed nor cared that all the people around her thought she was insane.
Stephanie Danler, Sweetbitter|The vision that accompanied me on my drive was a girl, a lady actually. We had the same hair but she didn't look like me. She was in a camel coat and ankle boots. A dress under the coat was belted high on her waist. She carried various shopping bags from specialty stores and as she was walking, pausing at certain windows, her coat would fly back in the wind. Her boot heels tapped on the cobblestones. She had lovers and breakups, an analyst, a library, acquaintances she ran into on the street whose names she couldn't call to mind. She belonged to herself only. She had edges, boundaries, tastes, definition down to her eyelashes. And when she walked it was clear she knew where she was going.
R. Alan Woods|It became clear that Keisha Blake could not start something without finishing it. If she climbed onto the boundary wall of Caldwell, she was compelled to walk the entire wall, no matter the obstructions in her path (beer cans, branches). This compulsion, applied to other fields, manifested itself as "intelligence." Every unknown word sent her to a dictionary--in search of something like "completion"--and every book led to another book, a process that, of course, could never be completed. This route through early life gave her no small portion of joy, and, indeed, it seemed at first that her desires and her capacities were basically aligned. She wanted to read things--could not resist wanting to read things--and reading was easily done, and relatively inexpensive. On the other hand, that she should receive any praise for such reflexive habits baffled the girl, for she knew herself to be fantastically stupid about many things. Wasn't it possible that what others mistook for intelligence was in fact only a sort of mutation of the will?
Ira N. Barin|It should be noted, as with so many legends and popularly accepted truths created out of political motivation: There, in fact, is no evidence that the hundreds of murders historically attributed to the werewolves of Gévaudan were actually caused by wolves. As with all witchhunts, the endless battle against ignorance requires one to always keep an open mind and sharp wits when considering such rumors - especially the rumors we choose to enjoy.
Oscar Wilde, A House of Pomegranates|He'd always known that shit rolled downhill, but he never knew tears did the same thing.
Anthony Liccione|The only one that believes in you, is you. Don't lean on how others see you to find belief in yourself.
Robert Crais, Suspect|Don’t get me wrong. I like dogs. I love them, in fact. It’s their human counterparts I could sometimes do without.
Denton Welch, Maiden Voyage|The white cat Sal-al was lying on the straw matting in the empty conservatory. She looked at us with a wicked, conceited expression as if all her appetites had just been satisfied. She was beautiful. Vesta and I both said, "I wish I were a cat!" Before we got to the last word we smiled at each other in annoyance, not liking the idea that most human beings think very much alike.
Jeanette Winterson|Whether he knew of this deficiency himself I can't say. I think the knowledge came to him at last--only at the very last. But the wilderness found him out early, and had taken vengeance for the fantastic invasion. I think it had whispered to him things about himself which he did not know, things of which he had no conception till he took counsel with this great solitude--and the whisper had proved irresistibly fascinating. It echoed loudly within him because he was hollow at the core
Gavin de Becker|The best antidote to worry is action. If there is an action that will lessen the likelihood of a dreaded outcome occurring, and if that action doesn't cost too much in terms of effort or freedom, then take it. The worry about whether we remembered to close the baby gate at the top of the stairs can be stopped in an instant by checking. Then it isn't a worry anymore; it's just a brief impulse. Almost all of the worry parents feel about keeping their children safe evolves from the conflict between intuition and inaction.Your choices when worrying are clear: take action, have faith, pray, seek comfort, or keep worrying.
Richelle Mead, Frostbite|Do not do that again," he said stiffly."Don't kiss me back then," I retorted.He stared at me for what seemed like forever. "I don't give 'Zen lessons' to hear myself talk. I don't give them because you're another student. I'm doing this to teach you control.""You're doing a great job," I said bitterly.
Ian Rankin, The Flood|Most witches don’t believe in gods. They know that the gods exist, of course. They even deal with them occasionally. But they don’t believe in them. They know them too well. It would be like believing in the postman.
Jayne Castel, The Whispering Wind|It's not becoming hell but it's already been hell, I just couldn't see it.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|God is not bound by a body, yet He is a Person. He feels, He thinks, He loves, He forgives, He sympathizes with the problems and sorrows that we face.
Raymond D. Longoria Jr.|Forgiveness... a secret garden where Joy and miracles abound, and the garden is always open to everyone who makes the Loving choice to visit there.
Carl Henegan, Darkness Left Undone|The trick in minimizing dark moments, no matter how tragic they may be, is to have ambitions placed far beyond them.
Deyth Banger|...but before I can live with other folks, I've got to live with myself. The one thing that doesn't abide by majority rule is a person's conscience.
Amy Chua, Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother|As a purely mathematical fact, people who sleep less live more.
Rachel Caine, Ghost Town|Whatever, crazy chick who maybe lives here and maybe also breaks into Michael's house when they're all gone. I'm out. Have a nice delusion. -Shayne
Tanya Huff, Blood Trail|I don't like this, Toua," I go on. "We're like birds that have flown a very long way from their nest. We're like nettles in a garden full of hops. We shouldn't have to hide who we are. Our faces are unseen.
Arijit Singh|We could talk, act, and dress funny. We were excused for socially inappropriate behavior: 'Oh, he's a programmer'. It was all because we knew this technology stuff that other people found completely mystifying.
S.R. Crawford, No Secrets: Eternity series|We all know what’s coming. The winds are picking up, spiralling closer and bringing with it a great wave of destruction…none of us can hide…no matter which side you choose, you’ll be dragged into the line of fire and who’s to say, my friend, which of us will come out alive?
Gideon Haigh|If there is one place on the face of earth where all the dreams of living men have found a home from the very earliest days when man began the dream of existence, it is India!
Jim Butcher, Small Favor|Well, I never been to much school, you understand, but it seems to me that you're assuming something you shouldn't assume... that God sees the world like you do; one thing at a time, from just one spot. Seems to me that he's supposed to be everywhere, know everything. ...Think about that; he knows what you're feeling, how you're hurting. Feels my pain, your pain like it was his own. Hell son, the question isn't how God could care about just one person; question is, how could he not?
Emma Trevayne, Flights and Chimes and Mysterious Times|The real reason why so many artists now take to politics, ‘commitment’ and so on is that they are rushing into a discipline, any discipline at all, which will save them from the poison of the word ‘artist’ used by the enemy. I remember very clearly the moments in which that novel was born. The pulse beat, violently; afterwards, when I knew I would write, I worked out what I would write. The ‘subject’ was almost immaterial. Yet now what interests me is precisely this — why did I not write an account of what had happened, instead of shaping a ‘story’ which had nothing to do with the material that fuelled it. Of course, the straight, simple, formless account would not have been a ‘novel’, and would not have got published, but I was genuinely not interested in ‘being a writer’ or even in making money. I am not talking now of that game writers play with themselves when writing, the psychological game — that written incident came from that real incident, that character was transposed from that one in life, this relationship was the psychological twin of that. I am simply asking myself: Why a story at all — not that it was a bad story, or untrue, or that it debased anything. Why not, simply, the truth?
Bo Bennett|Success is not in what you have, but who you are.
Daniel M. Gilbert, Stumbling on Happiness|If you want the perfect relationship, start with the one you have with yourself.
Charles Baudelaire|That which is not slightly distorted lacks sensible appeal; from which it follows that irregularity—that is to say, the unexpected, surprise and astonishment, are an essential part and characteristic of beauty.
Jennifer McMahon, The Winter People|If snow melts down to water, does it still remember being snow?
Frank Wanderer|On our Journey, we should not dwell on the guilt emerging because of dropping back to Ego-dominated state; instead, we should celebrate that we are in the state of the Presence!
Gary D. Schmidt, The Wednesday Wars|To love--to fall--is not a question. To touch--to kiss--to speak--those are questions. There is nothing worse than a ruined friendship. There is nothing better than a companion. Somewhere in between lies risk. Somewhere in between, lies.
Emma Lazarus|Until we are all free, we are none of us free. 
José Saramago|Men are all the same, they think that because they came out of the belly of a woman they know all there is to know about women.
Lisa J. Shultz, A Chance to Say Goodbye: Reflections on Losing a Parent|I was haunting you, for so long, that I forgot that I became a ghost too.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Notwithstanding how long you shall keep thinking about it, action is what will make it a reality! When you dream, act! When you act, act well!
Imelda Marcos|Secrecy is the element of all goodness; even virtue, even beauty is mysterious.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Fell Beneath Fairyland and Led the Revels There|One: A Book Is A Universe and the Universe is a Book. Inside a book, any Physiks or Magical Laws or Manners or Histories may hold sway. A book is its own universe and while in it, you must play by their rules. More or less. Some of the more modern novels are lenient on this point and have very few policemen to spare. This is why sometimes, when you finish a book, you feel strange and woozy, as though you have just woken up. Your body is getting used to the rules and your own universe again. And your own universe is just the biggest and longest and most complicated book ever written—except for all the other ones. This is also why books along the walls make a place feel different—all those universes, crammed into one spot! Things are bound to shift and warp and hatch schemes!Two: Books Are People. Some are easy to get along with and some are shy, some are full of things to say and some are quiet, some are fanciful and some are plainspoken, some you will feel as though you've known forever the moment you open the cover, and some will take years to grow into. Just like people, you must be introduced properly and sit down together with a cup of something so that you can sniff at each other like tomcats but lately acquainted. Listen to their troubles and share their joys. They will have their tempers and you will have yours, and sometimes you will not understand a book, nor will it understand you—you can't love all books any more than you can love every stranger you meet. But you can love a lot of them. And the love of a book is a precious, subtle, strange thing, well worth earning, And just like people, you are never really done with a book—some part of it will stay with you, gently changing the way you see and speak and know.Three: People Are Books. This has two meanings. The first is: Every person is a story. They have a beginning and a middle and an end (though some may have sequels and series).They have motifs and narrative tricks and plot twists and daring escapes and love lost and love won. The rules of books are the rules of life because a book must be written by a person alive, and an alive person will usually try to tell the truth about the world, even if they dress it up in spangles and feathers. The other meaning is: When you read a book, it is not only a story. It is never only a story. Exciting plots may occur, characters suffer and triumph, yes, It is a story. But it is also a person speaking to you, directly to you. A person far away, perhaps in time, perhaps in space, perhaps both. A person who wanted to say something so loud that everyone could hear it. A book is a time-travelling teleportation machine. And there's millions and millions of them! When you read a book, you have a conversation with the person who wrote it. And that conversation is never quite the same twice. Every single reader has a different chat, because they are different people with different histories and ideas in their heads. Why, you cannot even have the same conversation with the same book twice! If you read a book as a child, and again as a Grown-Up, it will be something altogether other. New things will have happened to you, new folk will have come into your life and taught you wild and wonderful notions you never thought of before. You will not be the same person—and neither will the book. When you read, know that someone somewhere wrote those very words just for you, in hopes that you would find something there to take with you in your own travels through time and space.
J.E.B. Spredemann, Amish by Accident|Brianna peered through the large window into the sea of plexiglass cradles. Each infant, so small and precious, belonged to someone. Someone who cared for them. Someone who loved them. Brianna sniffled and turned away, unable to bear the thought that she had no one.
R.v.m.|When things don't happen, people get Sick. They see time Tick and they want it Quick. They forget that Success happens brick by brick.
Matthew Kelly, Rediscover Catholicism|If you've spent any time trolling the blogosphere, you've probably noticed a peculiar literary trend: the pervasive habit of writers inexplicably placing exclamation points at the end of otherwise unremarkable sentences. Sort of like this! This is done to suggest an ironic detachment from the writing of an expository sentence! It's supposed to signify that the writer is self-aware! And this is idiotic. It's the saddest kind of failure. F. Scott Fitzgerald believed inserting exclamation points was the literary equivalent of an author laughing at his own jokes, but that's not the case in the modern age; now, the exclamation point signifies creative confusion. All it illustrates is that even the writer can't tell if what they're creating is supposed to be meaningful, frivolous, or cruel. It's an attempt to insert humor where none exists, on the off chance that a potential reader will only be pleased if they suspect they're being entertained. Of course, the reader isn't really sure, either. They just want to know when they're supposed to pretend to be amused. All those extraneous exclamation points are like little splatters of canned laughter: They represent the "form of funny," which is more easily understood (and more easily constructed) than authentic funniness. 
Mahatma Gandhi|We must always take sides. Neutrality helps the oppressor, never the victim. Silence encourages the tormentor, never the tormented.
Kristin Richter|If [you're asked] what you think, tell. If you have a preference, voice it. If you have a question, ask it. If you want to cry, bawl. If you need help, raise your hand and jump up and down.
Nick Kroll|Reggae, oh man. It's the ultimate music. The positivity. The musicality. The whole cultural expressionism of it. The danceability. Just the cool factor. The melody factor. Some of it comes from a religious place. If there were a competition of who makes the best religious music, it would definitely be the Rastafarian reggae.
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|If we are what we repeatedly do, how many times did you express gratitude today? Showing that you're grateful is the only way to be a grateful human being. Saying the words is not enough; you have demonstrate it through deeds.
Julia Quinn, The Viscount Who Loved Me|It was juvenile, he knew, this need to assign blame, but everyone had a right to childish emotions from time to time, didn't they?
T. Scott McLeod, All That Is Unspoken|Yes, indeed, I am the stuff, the prize property, the recaptured trophy he will put up on the mantelpiece, in a rage every time I move a millimeter or look less polished, less tarted up than he thinks I should look. In a rage, every time I disappoint him. Which will happen every day.
Padgett Powell, The Interrogative Mood|Isn't it true that there is a rare kind of person who perceives, as does a good dog, that life is doing something meaningful, and who discovers what it is and goes about doing it with a spirit of moderate hustle, and there is a not rare kind of person who perceives none of this and who goes about doing what is necessary in a spirit of aggrievedness?
C.J. Duggan, The Boys of Summer|Tess, there isn't a drunken, screaming netballer in the world that would have made me not want to ... continue.
Jeffrey Cohen, Some Like It Hot-Buttered|Have I come at a bad time?" she managed to say without guffawing. I believe I said something on the order of "argh," and compounded my embarrassment by trying to cover myself with the sweatpants I'd picked up off the floor. 
Anne Stuart, The Devil's Waltz|What have you done with Hetty?" he demanded."Listened to her incessant prattle, complaints, tears, demands, artless conversation and recriminations for more than twenty-four hours. You will be pleased to know I didn't touch her—if I had I would have throttled her. Take her away, if you please. I'd rather spend the rest of my life a pauper than have to spend even another day with the divine Miss Chippie.
Erin Bowman, Vengeance Road|For those he has ignored, he allows them this. He allows them God, their only ally. Places to worship, but no one to teach.
Dee Lestari, Perahu Kertas|Your road may turn around, but at one time, at some point, you'll definitely have a chance to be yourself.
Ian McEwan|She had not thought it would be so easy to slip into the old roles. Cambridge had changed her fundamentally and she thought she was immune. No one in her family, however, noticed the transformation in her, and she was not able to resist the power of their habitual expectations.
Jennifer Chiaverini|When I was working on my first novel, 'The Quilter's Apprentice,' I knew I wanted to write about friendship, especially women's friendship and how women use friendship to sustain themselves and nurture each other.
Dada Bhagwan|Egoism of the ignorant stage (ignorance of the true self) is considered live egoism. It becomes lifeless after attaining knowledge of the Self. If one takes the side of this lifeless egoism that, “I am not like that”- it will become alive again. Lifeless egoism is to be disposed off; it is not to be protected.
Danny Meyer|America is a country of abundance, but our food culture is sad - based on huge portions and fast food. Let's stop with the excuses and start creating something better.
Ayrton Senna|Nobody's ever asked me to pay for a meal before I've eaten it, I've never been pulled over just because I was driving the wrong kind of car in the wrong kind of area at the wrong time of night.
Layton Talbert|I love stories that suck you in, that you can't stop reading because you are quite simply there.
Mary Catherine Bateson, Composing a Further Life: The Age of Active Wisdom|The humiliation that Jane had felt turned to something else--grief perhaps, or regret. Regret that she had not known how to act with a boy, regret that she had not been wiser.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Distinctive Footprints of Life: Where Are You Heading Towards?|when distress comes your way, pause and ponder
Thomas Nagel, Mind and Cosmos: Why the Materialist Neo-Darwinian Conception of Nature Is Almost Certainly False|As the practical value of altering consciousness becomes recognized, procedures to effect these alterations will become increasingly ordinary and unremarkable. The whole concept of changing states of consciousness will cease to have a threatening or exotic aspect.
Mira Jacob, The Sleepwalker's Guide to Dancing|The band in the ballroom announced the cover of a special request, and after a pause, the woman's voice sang out the breathy first line of Etta James's "At Last." Chairs barked as guests rose to greet the champion of all wedding songs, the one that always brought indifferent or fighting or estranged couples to the dance floor for momentary reconciliation.
Margo Jefferson|The study of literature threatens to become a kind of paleontology of failure, and criticism a supercilious psychoanalysis of authors.
Isaac Asimov|I am an atheist, out and out. It took me a long time to say it. I've been an atheist for years and years, but somehow I felt it was intellectually unrespectable to say one was an atheist, because it assumed knowledge that one didn't have. Somehow, it was better to say one was a humanist or an agnostic. I finally decided that I'm a creature of emotion as well as of reason. Emotionally, I am an atheist. I don't have the evidence to prove that God doesn't exist, but I so strongly suspect he doesn't that I don't want to waste my time.
Dinesh D'Souza, What's So Great About Christianity|Christianity enhanced the notion of political and social accountability by providing a new model: that of servant leadership. In ancient Greece and Rome no one would have dreamed of considering political leaders anyone's servants. The job of the leader was to lead. But Christ invented the notion that the way to lead is by serving the needs of others, especially those who are the most needy.
Amanda Owen, Born to Receive: Seven Powerful Steps Women Can Take Today to Reclaim Their Half of the Universe|You should really leave," Colton told him. "The energy I got in my heart is much stronger than anything you have seen.
Susan C. Young|We continuously make promises and create agreements with ourselves and others. Some of these agreements are mutually beneficial. However, when you realize that things you agreed to in the past are no longer helpful, possible, or relevant, renegotiate. Be invested enough in your situations or relationships for renegotiation to take place.
James     Baldwin, The Fire Next Time|Once you’re on the negative side of the house, you're more accessible to the rooms where other negative moods hang out—irritability, frustration and anger. You're not directly there, but it's a short walk.
Cassandra Giovanni, Walking in the Shadows|Fully revealed, the green eyes pierced her heart. In them, she sensed pain, loneliness and despair. Yet they weren't seeing her. Focused on the movement of the blade, the mesmerizing gaze seemed a world away. Stroke after stroke, the unmasked face appeared in the mirror.
Bob Iger|The science of operations, as derived from mathematics more especially, is a science of itself, and has its own abstract truth and value.
Roxanne Snopek, Finding Home|Remember that old Disney movie, the cartoon with the dogs, Lady and the Tramp?" she said with a jerky laugh. "it's Jade's favorite of course. We've watched it a million times. This reminds me of that scene where they're eating spaghetti."He raised his eyebrows. He knew exactly the scene. Both dogs both slurped the same piece and ended up kissing.
Mark Batterson, All In: You Are One Decision Away From a Totally Different Life|Rebecca approached the causality violation chamber (too grand a name for such a faulty thing), placed her hand against its door, and closed her eyes, much as Philip had during its christening years ago. There was no response from the machine; no prophecy; no apology; no advice. It did not relay the news from other, brighter timelines. It did not tell her what would have transpired had she returned from yesterday's shopping trip a few hours later, or had she turned the steering wheel left instead of right two years ago, or had she not taken that first drink, or had she turned down any one of the thousands of drinks that had followed, or had she chosen not to respond to Philip's insistent and perhaps deliberately oblivious messages during the early days of their online courtship, or had her parents or her grandparents, or her great-grandparents never met. The machine's obstinate silence was all it had to offer; the message of that silence was that she had made her choices in life, and her choices had made her in return.
Richard L. McGuire, Passionate Attention: An Introduction to Literary Study|[If] you are ready enough to pull my knitting to pieces, but provide none of your own, the only sock is a sock in the jaw!
Garrison Keillor|I remember there were days when - and this is kind of gross - I would sleep in my uniform to save time in the morning and then get up and go to school... it didn't matter because I didn't have to impress anyone, and I didn't have to look cute in class.
Doris Lessing|By the time I turned fifteen, Communism had become my religion.
Julian Fellowes, Past Imperfect|Very few Englishmen ever ask a woman anything about themselves. They choose instead to lecture their dinner neighbors on a new and better route to the M5, or to praise their own professional achievements. So is a man does express any curiosity about a woman sitting next to him, about her feelings, about the life she is leading, she will generally tell him anything he cares to know.
W. Scott Lineberry|Whatever the response to loss and tragedy, the experience seems to boil down to one journey--searching for Jesus.
John Varley|We all love after-the-bomb stories. If we didn't, why would there be so many of them? There's something attractive about all those people being gone, about wandering in a depopulated world, scrounging cans of Campbell's pork and beans, defending one's family from marauders. But some secret part of us thinks it would be good to survive. All those other folks will die. That's what after-the-bomb stories are all about.
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|You broke me bodily.The heart ain't the half of it,And I'll never learn to laugh at itIn my good natured way.In fact, I'm laughing less in general,But I learned a lot at my own funeral.And I knew you'd be the death of me,So I guess that's the price I pay.
Elizabeth Lesser, Broken Open: How Difficult Times Can Help Us Grow|If there is one thing that has made a difference in my life, it is the courage to turn and face what wants to change within me.
|Plan strategically for a very fulfilling future, but don't forget to enjoy the beautiful sight of this precious moment.
Wayne Gerard Trotman|Not all people are 'people', some are more and some are less. But only those who listen intently with their hearts will recognise them for what they are.
Paul Auster, Timbuktu|People can make it hard for you, they can discourage and take the heart out of you, but in the end the only person who can kill your dream is you. Don't ever give up.
Debasish Mridha|If you are kind enough today, history will sing your song and be kind to you.
David Schwimmer|I've traveled around the country and I read local newspapers and all of that, and it's a sad, sad thing to go from city to city and see the small newspapers and they're tiny. They're tiny not only in size but also in scope.
Han Suyin, The Mountain Is Young|. . . solitude, which is held to be cause of eccentricity, in fact imposes excessive normality, and least in public . . . [p. 7]
Cornell Woolrich|A raging, glowering full moon had come up, was peering down over the side of the sky well above the patio.That was the last thing she saw as she leaned for a moment, inert with fatigue, against the doorway of the room in which her child lay. Then she dragged herself in to topple headlong upon the bed and, already fast asleep, to circle her child with one protective arm, moving as if of its own instinct.Not the meek, the pallid, gentle moon of home. This was the savage moon that had shone down on Montezuma and Cuauhtemoc, and came back looking for them now. The primitive moon that had once looked down on terraced heathen cities and human sacrifices. The moon of Anahuac. ("The Moon Of Montezuma")
Philip Kerr, The Lady from Zagreb|Dalia picked up her negligee. She didn't need my help, it wasn't very heavy.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Adversity quickens the mind, awakens the spirit and strength the soul.
Friedrich Nietzsche|All I need is a sheet of paperand something to write with, and thenI can turn the world upside down.
Sandy Vaile|Delayed gratification hints that something terrible is going to happen, and then delays the resolution. It’s that interval between the promise of something awful and it actually happening, where suspense resides.
Kimberly L. Willis, The Chosen: Signs & Wonders Experienced by a Prophet of God|The mission of Jesus Christ should reside within all of our hearts: to love one another and to expand his gospel, furthering the Kingdom of God.
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to the Kingdom of Conscience|A rational human being of the civilized world would be like the swan that can draw the milk from a mixture of milk and water, leaving aside the water.
TheKatAttack|Keep holding on, stay strong. If the world gives up, just keep fighting.
Andy Griffith|Any political party that undertakes to do it will, in God's name, be trampled, as it ought to be trampled, into the dust of condemnation, now and in the future.
John Collier, Fancies and Goodnights|Your friend will pay deeply for what he’s done here tonight,” Chance snarled once he wiped off most of the blood. “You can tell him to run as far and as fast as he can, I’ll get him. Just let him know that once this is all over, it’s just gonna be you and me and a world full of corpses.
Darrell Calkins, Re:|If you’re ignoring a high percentage of the elements of your entire being, and the range of qualities they can naturally engage, there will be no real recovery or progress until you do. The typical relentless worker is just as lazy as the typical indulgent idler; they’re both just going through the habitual motions. To break the repetitive pattern, and discover more energy and effectiveness, one simply must stretch out in all directions, rotating focus and application of the qualities that make up one’s natural versatility.
Kimberly Novosel, Loved|I used to cover my windows in heavy curtains, never drawn. Now I danced in the sunlight on my hardwood floors.
Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera|They were people whose lives were slow, who did not see themselves growing old, or falling sick, or dying, but who disappeared little by little in their own time, turning into memories, mists from other days, until they were absorbed into oblivion.
Lily Morton, Promise Me|Neither of us had anything to say, or rather we had everything to say, but after all those nights of not saying a word, we suddenly found we had not one dollar of time left between us.
Patrick Ness|It is impossible for me to be an Anarchist, for I do not believe in the essential goodness of man. The world, the physical world, that was once all in all to me, has at moments such as these no road through a wood, no stretch of shore, that can bring me comfort. The beauty of these things can no longer at such moments make up to me at all for the ugliness of man, his cruelty, his greed, his lying face.
Olivia Sinaga|Be alive. Feel it, and be happy of it.
Debasish Mridha|The best treasure of life is not wealth, but it is simplicity with confidence.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Faust|You are still a spoiled rotten brat, Richie,” Seth said to Vegas, with no emotion on his face. “But I’m not going to let anyone hurt you...
Abigail Adams, The Letters of John and Abigail Adams|You tell me that you sometimes view the dark side of your Diana, and there no doubt you discover many Spots which I rather wish were erased, than conceal'd from you. Do not judge by this, that your opinion is an indifferent thing to me, (were it so, I should look forward with a heavey Heart,) but it is far otherways, for I had rather stand fair there, and be thought well of by Lysander than by the greater part of the World besides. I would fain hope that those faults which you discover, proceed more, from a wrong Head, than a bad Heart. E'er long May I be connected with a Friend from whose Example I may form a more faultless conduct, and whose benevolent mind will lead him to pardon, what he cannot amend.
C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity|When you have reached your own room, be kind to those who have chosen different doors and to those who are still in the hall. If they are wrong they need your prayers all the more; and if they are your enemies, then you are under orders to pray for them. That is one of the rules common to the whole house.
Shannon L. Alder|Don’t ever stray from yourself, in order to be close to someone that doesn’t have the courtesy to remind you of your worth, or the integrity of a gentleman to walk you home.
Sophie Barnes, A Most Unlikely Duke|When we’re apart, I can think of nothing but you—of being with you again—and I . . . I’m sorry if I hurt you before. I’m sorry if I wasn’t clear about my feelings, if I wasn’t strong enough to fight for the chance to be with you. I’m going to do that now. I promise. Because I simply cannot imagine choosing a life without you in it.
Maya Angelou, I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings|The Black female is assaulted in her tender years by all those common forces of nature at the same time she is caught in the tripartite crossfire of masculine prejudice, white illogical hate and Black lack of power.The fact that the adult American Negro female emerges a formidable character is often met with amazement, distaste and even belligerence. It is seldom accepted as an inevitable outcome of the struggle won by survivors and deserves respect if not enthusiastic admiration.
Milan Kundera, The Book of Laughter and Forgetting|Thundering, roaring, are the storms of life. Momentary hardships that, unveiled, reveal a purpose beyond carnal reasoning. The pain can get intense, the hurt can be severe, but one must look beyond themselves for conclusive answers. One must not examine their situations using finite logic to try to discover the deeper meaning behind the circumstance or its outcome. One must look beyond the surface of their own intellect, and see through the walls of their own understanding. The blueprint of life has been masterfully designed in such a way, that all things—no matter how they may seem—have a purpose; and that purpose will ultimately bringabout a greater good overall. The spiritual realm is truly realities base; and it is from there that truth derives. The mystery of the storm is revealed—cause and effect—the past, the present, and the future.
Richard Lischer, Open Secrets: A Memoir of Faith and Discovery|The one who re-creates from that which has died is always a double-sided archetype. The Creation Mother is always also the Death Mother and vice versa. Because of this dual nature, or double-tasking, the great work before us is to learn to understand what around and about us and what within us must live, and what must die.
Al Pacino|It's always better to shock people and change people's expectations than to give them exactly what they think you can do. It's not unexpected for me to be in a comedy film anymore; I'm no longer the underdog in that world. Not that I'm great or good at it or anything, it's just that I've done a bunch of them, so you're not shocked.
Steven Pressfield, The War of Art: Break Through the Blocks & Win Your Inner Creative Battles|We experience [procrastination] as fear. But fear of what?Fear of the consequences of following our heart. Fear of bankruptcy, fear of poverty, fear of insolvency. Fear of groveling when we try to make it on our own, and of groveling when we give up and come crawling back to where we started. Fear of being selfish, of being rotten wives or disloyal husbands; fear of failing to support our families, of sacrificing their dreams for ours. Fear of betraying our race, our 'hood, our homies. Fear of failure. Fear of being ridiculous. Fear of throwing away the education, the training, the preparation that those we love have sacrificed so much for, that we ourselves have worked our butts off for. Fear of launching into the void, of hurtling too far out there; fear of passing some point of no return, beyond which we cannot recant, cannot reverse, cannot rescind, but must live with this cocked-up choice for the rest of our lives. Fear of madness. Fear of insanity. Fear of death.These are serious fears. But they're not the real fear. Not the master fear, the mother of all fears that's so close to us that even when we verbalize it we don't believe it.Fear That We Will Succeed.
Shah Asad Rizvi|Limit not to only five, when the divine gifts the supreme sixth; the sense of dance
Alex Guidroz|Love without pain is like the earth without rain.It wouldn't be the same, it would die to quickly and people would be helpless
Isidor Isaac Rabi|The power of thought is not a compelling force. It is a building force, and it is only when used in the latter sense that desirable results can be produced.
Patricia Riggen|One of the first times I ever performed in front of a big group of people was at my kindergarten graduation. I did, like, a Michael Jackson impersonation as, like, a five year old. I had the suit and blazer, the glove and the fedora, and I just performed a whole Michael Jackson song. I'm sure it was 'Smooth Criminal.'
Dada Bhagwan|Man is indeed the Absolute Supreme Soul (Parmatma); it is possible for infinite divinity to arise within. The moment he has a desire, he becomes a human! Otherwise, he can acquire whatever he wants, but he is unable to do so because of impediments (antray).
Savitri Devi|A 'civilization' that makes such a ridiculous fuss about alleged 'war crimes' - acts of violence against the actual or potential enemies of one's cause - and tolerates slaughterhouses and vivisection laboratories, and circuses and the fur industry (infliction of pain upon creatures that can never be for or against any cause), does not deserve to live.
Rateb Rayyes|Always appreciate what you have and what you are.Don't cry because of a problem, cry for the power to face a challenge...
Caroline George, The Vestige|Because it is a thousand pities never to say what one feels, he thought...
Sarah Moore Fitzgerald, The Apple Tart of Hope|I steered by self as evenly as I could, and it was easier than I thought. My bike and I went shooting off the end, and together we well into the sea that’s cold and huge and doesn’t care whether living boys launch themselves into it or not.
Sheryl Young, God, Am I Nobody?|We need to approach the Bible each day with a spirit of deep humility, recognizing that our understanding of spiritual truth is at best incomplete and to some extent inaccurate ... we should approach the Scriptures in humility and expect the Spirit to humble us even further as we continue being taught by Him from His Word.
T.K. Naliaka|You know what I really love the most in life? Food. Yep, just food. I love the cooking of food, the eating of food, the talking about food, the thinking about food, and the dreaming about food. Food, food, food. That’s what I love. Can there be anything more Hobbity than that? I reckon not.
Greg DePaul|It's fate, but fate just gives us a nudge in the right direction onthe fast lane, I guarantee she doesn't have her hands in your pockets while she's doing it
Moshe Safdie|Architecture should be rooted in the past, and yet be part of our own time and forward looking.
Paul Waters, Of Merchants & Heroes|Honestly, I’m sorry you have no more power over me, but I’m not scared of you anymore. It’s just not worth my time.
Roman Payne|We made love outdoors—without a roof, I like most, without stove, my favorite place, assuming the weather be fair and balmy, and the earth beneath be clean. Our souls intertwined and dripping with dew, and our love for each other was seen. Our love for the world was new.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Do not scream, when a child breaks a glass, only touch the shoulder, and say gracious words; do not worry!
|When one achieves massive success, unenlightened minds say, "It's all about luck." But if you were to ask me, I would say, "It is the mighty reward of faith, confidence, courage, patience, relentlessness and resiliency.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Devotion to God, righteousness and wisdom, will keep us safe on earth.
Rotten eCards|A good friend will bail you out of jail. A true friend will be sitting next to you saying, 'damn, we fucked up'.
|You still have a very promising shot at winning, but the only thing left is you making up your mind to take it.
Alison Kemper, Donna of the Dead|If they ever turn, let them chase me for a while. It’s always been afantasy of mine to be chased by zombie cheerleaders.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Don't give into him at all. Deny yourself. Because then your eyes will not be clouded by a madness that you cannot control, and then you will be able to learn to see him as he is. Do you understand?
The1Essence, Reflections of Light|Oh, a sleeping drunkard Up in Central Park, And a lion-hunter In the jungle dark, And a Chinese dentist,And a British queen--All fit togetherIn the same machine.Nice, nice, very nice;Nice, nice, very nice; Nice, nice, very nice--So many different peopleIn the same device.
Tyra Banks|It's always exciting to see different cities I love, and go on tour buses. It's so much fun to travel. My favorite part is being able to perform live in front of all these amazing people; being able to connect with them and seeing their reaction makes me feel very special.
Brother Lawrence, The Practice of the Presence of God|I regard myself as the most wretched of all men, stinking and covered with sores, and as one who has committed all sorts of crimes against his King. Overcome by remorse, I confess all my wickedness to Him, ask His pardon and abandon myself entirely to Him to do with as He will. But this King, filled with goodness and mercy, far from chastising me, lovingly embraces me, makes me eat at His table, serves me with His own hands, gives me the keys of His treasures and treats me as His favorite. He talks with me and is delighted with me in a thousand and one ways; He forgives me and relieves me of my principle bad habits without talking about them; I beg Him to make me according to His heart and always the more weak and despicable I see myself to be, the more beloved I am of God.
Lora Leigh, Wicked Pleasure|Let me know when you're ready to talk." She stopped and glanced at them both over her shoulder. "Maybe then I'd be ready to discuss your sexual twists and my own little abnormal desires. You never know what we all might learn that we haven't already."With that, she turned and moved back into the house, closing the door behind her and disappearing out of sight. And Cam found his back slammed against the side of Ian's Hummer, his brother in his face.Lust and irritation flared in his brother's eyes. "You better start talking," he grated. "Because you know what she just did?""She just dared us, Cam. And I don't know about you, but the thought of 'abnormal desires' dancing through her mind is going to drive me fucking crazy. Now, fix it.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Children of Húrin|Why must you speak your thoughts? Silence, if fair words stick in your throat, would serve all our ends better.
N. Maria Kwami, Secrets of the Bending Grove|But time soon passes. Even the deepest pain eventually loses its edge in the more vivid reality of the present; then, what once was unbearable becomes strangely familiar. And after much familiarity, it assumes the insignificance of just another milestone, ever marking the journey to higher ground.
Flavia|Cut not the wings of your dreams, for they are the heartbeat and the freedom of your soul.
Roy T. Bennett|It's worth making time to find the things that really stir your soul. That’s what makes you really feel alive. You have to say ‘no’ to other things you’re used to, and do it with all your heart.
Samantha Bruce-Benjamin, The Art of Devotion|I think,” Jace said, “that you don’t want to tell your secrets, so you decided to break up with Alec because...
Gian Kumar|You'd kill yourself for recognitionkill yourself to never, ever stopYou broke another mirroryou're turning into something you are not.
John C. Lennox, God's Undertaker: Has Science Buried God?|...if an organised body is not in the situation and circumstances best adapted to its sustenance and propagation, then, in conceiving an indefinite variety among the individuals of that species, we must be assured, that, on the one hand, those which depart most from the best adapted constitution, will be the most liable to perish, while, on the other hand, those organised bodies, which most approach to the best constitution for the present circumstances, will be best adapted to continue, in preserving themselves and multiplying the individuals of their race.
Brian P. Cleary, You Oughta Know By Now|Sometimes I think the human animal doesn't really need food or water to survive, only gossip.
Israelmore Ayivor|When I was young, I thought it is thunder that kills people. But when I learnt physics in the high school, I discovered that it is rather the lightning that does the killing. The voice of the thunder itself is just a noise. The lightning is the poise!
Kelly Link, Magic for Beginners|The witch knew who had killed her and she snatched pieces of time, here and there, from the business of dying, to make her revenge.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You must be willing, determined and persistent to achieve your goals
Aspen Copper|At the end of the day, you're only as good as the shadow that was left in the morning.
Debasish Mridha|People with evil ideas will think and do as they have learned, but those people with good ideas have the responsibility to show them the way of love, way of truth, and the way of peace.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|Eucharisteo, remembering with thanks, this is the bread. We take the moments as bread and give thanks and the thanks itself becomes bread. The thanks itself nourishes. Thanks feeds our trust...Manna with thanks, eat the mystery of the moment with trust, and am nourished another day - or refuse it... and die. Jesus calls us to surrender and there's nothing like releasing fears and falling into peace. This is what I have always wanted and never knew: this utter trust, this enlivening fall of surrender into the safe hands. There is no joy without trust! Page 158
Wanda Lea Brayton|I'll be writing as long as I can hold a pen in my curled, crimped arthritic hands and then I'll dictate it, if it comes to that. They'll have to pry my pen out of my cold, dead fingers - and even then, I'll fight 'em for it. Guaranteed.
Colin Meloy, Wildwood|Meditation. That's the key. Supposedly. Calming your mind ind total silence. Understanding your connection to the natural world and all that. You do that, and you can hear it. All the talking.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|You like every one; that is to say, you are indifferent to every one.
Warren Buffett|If I truly believe everything that's in that book, God is in control. He is in control. He's working for my good. Doesn't mean everything's going to be smooth, but that's all I needed to know. There is a light at the end of the tunnel.
Ezra Pound|The individual cannot think and communicate his thought, the governor and legislator cannot act effectively or frame his laws without words, and the solidity and validity of these words is in the care of the damned and despised litterati...when their very medium, the very essence of their work, the application of word to thing goes rotten, i.e. becomes slushy and inexact, or excessive or bloated, the whole machinery of social and of individual thought and order goes to pot.
Stephen King, It|Kill you all!" The clown was laughing and screaming. "Try to stop me and I'll kill you all! Drive you crazy and then kill you all! You can't stop me!
Mehmet Murat ildan|On the road to success, even little stones may cause you fall down! If you are not serious and careful, forget about reaching your target!
Phyllis Diller|Take risks. Ask big questions. Don't be afraid to make mistakes; if you don't make mistakes, you're not reaching far enough.
Jidenna|Well, we lost a lot of our independence already. We are dependent on China for credit. We are dependent on Middle Eastern countries for energy supplies. And many Americans are dependent on the government for their income, health care, education of their children, food stamps.
Sapan Saxena, Finders, Keepers|Every chaos has an order hidden in it. What we see as a chaos, is actually driven by a very disciplined and dedicated order of things. What we need to do is focus on the stuff before us, make our way through this chaos, and that order will sort itself out for us
Kytka Hilmar-Jezek, Book Power: A Platform for Writing, Branding, Positioning & Publishing|I'm not stupid and I'm not brainy. I just lack execution sometimes. I'm more of a "I should have said that" kind of gal. But there will be other days when I'll have a comback that'll knock ya flat and you knows it brov! ha-ha!
Victor Lodato, Mathilda Savitch|Time is funny lately, nothing to do with clocks.
Emily Mortimer|I'm very sensitive. I remember, as a kid at school, if someone in the classroom was sad or angry, it could have a great impact on me.
Alex Garland, The Beach|As for me...I'm fine. I have bad dreams, but I never saw Mister Duck again. I play video games. I smoke a little dope. I got my thousand-yard stare. I carry a lot of scares.I like the way that sounds.I carry a lot of scares.
A.L. Haddix, Eliza's Holiday|They can lick you, darling. They can stroke you and suck you and pet you, but they can't have you. The only question now is how many times I'm gonna watch you come before I get my cock in you.
Garry Crystal, Leaving London|Well, now, what do you expect? You're His child. Of course you're going to be lonely when you hold yourself from Him.
Anne Elizabeth Moore, The Manifesti of Radical Literature|Scientists are aware that all the lab-rat tests in the world, once compiled, can tell us only how lab rats act when tested, and that is how we must begin to view school: all that you can learn in a school classroom is what goes on inside a school classroom.
Cristiane Serruya, Trust: Pandora's Box|Sometimes, meu amor, we lose too much time asking ourselves questions that we can’t answer and forgetting that the answer is just beside us. You have to learn to ask and to listen. If one does not listen, the other does not exist. When the other does not exist, one is alone. I don’t want to be alone, do you?
Steven Magee|If the ability to make use of experience and draw conclusions decided, we would have forgotten what war is a long time ago. But those whose goal is war have never been held back, nor will be, by experience or analogy.
EsthersChild, It Takes A Cat|It takes a cat to heal a woman's wounded heart." I say this knowing it takes a full range of other factors to resolve emotional damage issues and restore personal equilibrium. I've had a heaping share of therapy, familial support, friendships and rescue. What I craved now, however, was the privacy, closeness, and unconditional love of a cat to bring my healing process full cycle. I needed CiCi.
J.Williard Gibbs|The dogma of the impossibility of determining the atomic constitution of substances, which until recently was advocated with such fervor by the most able chemists, is beginning to be abandoned and forgotten; and one can predict that the day is not far in the future when a sufficient collection of facts will permit determination of the internal architecture of molecules. A series of experiments directed toward such a goal is the object of this paper.
Karen Chance, Embrace the Night|At night, here in the library, the ghosts have voices.
Latika Teotia|I am focusing on positive thoughts – thoughts of hope, thoughts of love, thoughts of faith …
Storm Constantine, Thin Air|Hal finds he rather envies a man who feels he has something to explain his being fucked up, parents to blame it on.
Laurence Overmire|Good people turn to love, courage and kindness in times of crisis, not hate, fear and cruelty.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Let us freely walk in the countryside, like a horse peacefully walking towards sunset without any particular purpose!
Mensah Oteh|The pursuit of any worthwhile goal requires that you give up something that feels comfortable, secure, and safe in the moment to get you closer to your future dreams.
Pete Rose|Refugees come to us seeking asylum, seeking freedom, justice and dignity - seeking a chance just to breathe. And people in our country are saying close the doors and don't let them in?
Cornelia Funke, Inkdeath|She read and read and read, but she was stuffing herself with the letters on the page like an unhappy child stuffing itself with chocolate. They didn’t taste bad, but she was still unhappy.
Julie Berry, All the Truth That's in Me|I want to learn. I deserve to read and write. Thoughts for company, and a pen for a voice. Who is more entitled to those privileges than I?
Rebecca McKinsey, Sydney West|And so, when the chips are down, I must say, though not without a sense of repugnance, that if you wish to show your belief in democracy, you also have to do so when you are in the minority, convinced both intellectually and, not least, in your innermost self, that the majority, in the name of democracy, is crushing everything you stand for and that means something to you, indeed, all that gives you the strength to endure, well, that gives a kind of meaning to your life, something that transcends your own fortuitous lot, one might say. When the heralds of democracy roar, triumphantly bawling out their vulgar victories day after day so that it really makes you suffer, as in my own case, you still have to accept it; I will not let anything else be said about me, he thought.
Horacio Quiroga|Tell the story as if it were only of interest to the small circle of your characters, of which you may be one. There is no other way to put life into the story.
Joel Fuhrman|If you eat the standard Western diet that most people eat in the modern world, it's quite likely you will develop heart disease.
Ann Patchett, Bel Canto|My voice is never much louder than a ripple, but even small voices sound loud when you talk about things that matter.
Justin Lee, Torn: Rescuing the Gospel from the Gays-vs.-Christians Debate|My choices, it seemed, were to be branded a sinner and live my life alone; to abandon my faith, the one thing I held most dear in the entire world; or to lie to everyone, pretend I was straight, and forget about it all.
Martijn Benders|To me, quotes function as the sunscreen against a writers brilliance. As soon as I cannot stand to look at the magnificence of the acropolis of pure thought the writer managed to doll out in the cognizant chaos - I quote him, and by doing so I am discharged and freed. On the other hand, even while I do acknowledge that some things cannot be quoted, I vehemently distrust any writer whose army of quotes does not consist of impeccable warriors but the sort of bootless canon fodder that caused one to write in the first place, wishing to circumlocute that strappant lot. No writer can ever recover from bad quotes. I check the army of quotes, and if it has no sporting chance against a simple pack of butter then I will simply never ever read this person. One often hears short stories are the benchmark of great writers, but if you ask me, I'd rather first look at their quotes.
Christopher Hitchens, god is Not Great: How Religion Poisons Everything|And here is the point, about myself and my co-thinkers. Our belief is not a belief. Our principles are not a faith. We do not rely solely upon science and reason, because these are necessary rather than sufficient factors, but we distrust anything that contradicts science or outrages reason. We may differ on many things, but what we respect is free inquiry, openmindedness, and the pursuit of ideas for their own sake.
Portia de Rossi, Unbearable Lightness: A Story of Loss and Gain|Tell her I'm sorry I sold the diamond, eh?" Sammy said. "I broke my promise. When she disappeared in Alaska... ah, so long ago, I finally used that diamond, moved to Texas as I always dreamed. I started my machine shop. Started my family! It was a good life, but Haze; was right. The diamond came with a curse. I never saw her again." "Oh, Sammy," Hazel said. "No, a curse didn't keep me away. I wanted to come back. I died!" The old man didn't seem to hear. He smiled down at the baby, and kissed him on the head. "I give you my blessing, Leo. First male great-grandchild! I have a feeling you are special, like Hazel was. You are more than a regular baby, eh? You will carry on for me. You will see her someday. Tell her hello for me.
Marian Wright Edelman|When mothers earn their fair share, young children have greater access to quality health care, educational opportunities, and safe communities. By ending the wage gap, we will help ensure that every child can achieve his or her God-given potential.
Hadley Freeman, Be Awesome: Modern Life for Modern Ladies|Handy Hint! When your friend talks about having 'a sweep', do not then visualise Dick van Dyke in his cheeky chappy chimney sweeper outfit heading up into her uterus to do a rendition of 'Step in Time'. Laughter is the inappropriate response to your friend's news.
Erin Hunter, The Last Hope|Brambleclaw turned to Squirrelflight first. “Will you fight beside me?”Their eyes met for a long moment. “Always,” she meowed.
Thomas More, Utopia|Admiring and a little overwhelmed by the simple opulence of the limousine’s interior, she shook snowflakes from her scarf and tresses, hoping the rare effort she had put into doing her hair was not entirely r
Henry David Thoreau|It is not the logical part of thinking that changes emotions but the perceptual part. If we see something differently, our emotions may alter with the altered perception. (p64)
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Because we are always growing, life compounds and magnifies what is already in us. If you are miserable you grow in misery and if you are joyful you grow in joy. This makes self-love is the perfect soil from which to grow love.
Mary Balogh, The Temporary Wife / A Promise of Spring|This man was different from all others; he was forbidden fruit, the outsider. Her mother had trained her well, but she had never told her what to do if a man set her heart to throbbing like the hooves of a runaway horse.
Ally Condie, Matched|Now that I've found the way to fly, which direction should I go into the night?
Kristin Hannah, The Things We Do for Love|Angie: "How do I pitch these ideas to her?"Mira: "From a distance, preferably wearing body armor.
Marc Andreesen|I have an almost religious zeal... not for technology per se, but for the Internet which is for me, the nervous system of mother Earth, which I see as a living creature, linking up.
Page  Turner, Poly Land: My Brutally Honest Adventures in Polyamory|Charity groped for the phone, coming up with it at last and croaking "hello" in a voice that sounded exactly like a bullfrog's mating call. Which made a kind of twisted sense -- last night she'd been hunting for a mate as well.
Laura Bates, Everyday Sexism|As long as we as a society continue to belittle and dismiss women's accounts, disbelieve and question their stories, and blame them for their own assaults, we are playing right into the hands of those who silence victims by asking: "who would believe you anyways?".
Naomi Wolf|Aging in women is 'unbeautiful' since women grow more powerful with time, and since the links between generations of women must always be broken.
Andy Andrews, The Noticer Returns: Sometimes You Find Perspective, and Sometimes Perspective Finds You|Good art requires the examination of faith issues from a variety of perspectives and voices. Yet for many audience members, the only way a film can be “Christian” is if there is a major altar-call type scene with a dramatic conversion. If the movie isn’t an overt endorsement not only of faith itself but Judeo-Christian morality and/or Protestant culture, then it’s not “Christian.
Ben Shapiro|My typical morning involves some time on the treadmill, but obviously I skip that a lot. Mostly, I wake up, check my email, then get to work on the various interviews and questions and phone calls that come with being an author.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Life is offering you infinite paths! To get stuck in one path is nothing but shallowness! Go deep, discover other lanes!
Shunryu Suzuki|Zen is not some kind of excitement, but concentration on our usual everyday routine.
Jason Day|I guess I don't like the fact that my life is becoming less and less my own - the prevailing attitude that you have an obligation to deliver yourself to the public. Actually, you're delivered to the public whether you like it or not. I guess if you don't like it, you should stop doing what provokes it. In my case, that's acting.
Jennifer Silverwood, Stay|I have no right to make you love me, or to love you. But I do know that love is something that is tested and mended over time."I don't know if purely romantic love can last through anything (it is so based on feelings and attraction, both of which are fickle at times), but I think friendship can, and when the romantic love and friendship get blurred together into one it makes 'relationship cement,' I think." - Stay by Jennifer Silverwood"And then, real love I think comes later. When you really get to know someone and how they think and feel, when you can't imagine if something were to happen to them. When you trust them and want to spend all your time doing nothing with them, when you want to grow old together." - Stay by Jennifer Silverwood
Edward S. Greenberg, The Struggle for Democracy|A less well known impact of immigrant populations is the increase that destination states gain in Congress where apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives is calculated on the basis of a state's entire adult population regardless of legal status. And, because each state's electoral college vote is the sum of the number of its representatives in the House and its two senators, high immigration states play a larger role in presidential elections than they might if only adult citizens and legal aliens were counted in population surveys.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King|It occurred to me that if I could invent a machine - a gun - which could by its rapidity of fire, enable one man to do as much battle duty as a hundred, that it would, to a large extent supersede the necessity of large armies, and consequently, exposure to battle and disease [would] be greatly diminished.
Veronica Roth, The Transfer|Don’t just think about what you missed! Don’t continue to dwell on your past mistakes. You shall also miss something in life, consciously or unconsciously! You shall never be able to do all things excellently in life though you must try to! The lesson from what you missed and its application for a better tomorrow is what matter! Move your thought! Move your body!
Samuel P. Huntington|The urge to lie is produced by the contradictions in our lives. We are made to declare love for our country, while it tramples our rights and dignity.
Thomas Henry Huxley, Collected Essays of Thomas Henry Huxley|Perhaps the most valuable result of all education is the ability to make yourself do the thing you have to do, when it ought to be done, whether you like it or not. It is the first lesson that ought to be learned and however early a man's training begins, it is probably the last lesson that he learns thoroughly.
Agatha Christie, Towards Zero|But I made an issue of the precise wording of the vows. I wanted liberalized ones, with no outmoded Pauline nonsense exacting from the bride the promise to 'obey' the groom. Here I put my foot down, rather in the manner of a husband determined to show at the outset who was boss. 'I'll have no obedience around here!' I said, banging the table. 'Is that clear?''Is it an order?''Yes.
V.C. Andrews, Flowers in the Attic|Go on, glare your eyes at me, and cry and plead, and talk tome about money and what it can buy. But it can't buy back a child once he's dead!
Emma Larkin|We Burmese,' he began, 'are experts at looking for what's not there. It's something you should learn to do too. You must look for what's missing and learn how to find the truth in these absences.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|Accept the seasons of your heart, even as you have always accepted the seasons that pass over your fields.And you would watch with serenity through the winters of your grief.
Francis Chan|It is easy to become disillusioned with the circumstances of our lives compared to others'. But in the presence of God, He gives us a deeper peace and joy that transcends it all.
Elizabeth Kolbert, The Sixth Extinction: An Unnatural History|Ocean Acidification is sometimes referred to as Global Warming's Equally Evil Twin. The irony is intentional and fair enough as far as it goes... No single mechanism explains all the mass extinctions in the record and yet changes in ocean chemistry seem to be a pretty good predictor. Ocean Acidification played a role in at least 2 of the Big Five Extinctions: the End-Permian and the End-Triassic. And quite possibly it was a major factor in a third, the End-Cretaceous. ...Why is ocean acidification so dangerous? The question is tough to answer only because the list of reasons is so long. Depending on how tightly organisms are able to regulate their internal chemistry, acidification may affect such basic processes as metabolism, enzyme activity, and protein function. Because it will change the makeup of microbial communities, it will alter the availability of key nutrients, like iron and nitrogen. For similar reasons, it will change the amount of light that passes through the water, and for somewhat different reasons, it will alter the way sound propagates. (In general, acidification is expected to make the seas noisier.) It seems likely to promote the growth of toxic algae. It will impact photosynthesis—many plant species are apt to benefit from elevated CO2 levels—and it will alter the compounds formed by dissolved metals, in some cases in ways that could be poisonous.Of the myriad possible impacts, probably the most significant involves the group of creatures known as calcifiers. (The term calcifier applies to any organism that builds a shell or external skeleton or, in the case of plants, a kind of internal scaffolding out of the mineral calcium carbonate.)...Ocean acidification increases the cost of calcification by reducing the number of carbonate ions available to organisms that build shells or exoskeletons. Imagine trying to build a house while someone keeps stealing your bricks. The more acidified the water, the greater the energy that’s required to complete the necessary steps. At a certain point, the water becomes positively corrosive, and solid calcium carbonate begins to dissolve. This is why the limpets that wander too close to the vents at Castello Aragonese end up with holes in their shells.According to geologists who work in the area, the vents have been spewing carbon dioxide for at least several hundred years, maybe longer. Any mussel or barnacle or keel worm that can adapt to lower pH in a time frame of centuries presumably already would have done so. “You give them generations on generations to survive in these conditions, and yet they’re not there,” Hall-Spencer observed.
Shannon L. Alder|Among the countless people in the world, two will find each other against all the odds and beat as a single eternal heart.- Not First Love
Charlotte Brontë, Shirley|In her past were sweet passages, in her future rosy hopes.
Robin Hobb, The Mad Ship|Had she learned to feel again, only to have to feel this? Could any amount of love ever be worth the pain of losing it?
Nora Roberts, Born O'Hurley|Abby: "You were great. I don't know what I'd have done without you."Dylan: "You'd have done fine. That's one of the most intimidating things about you." Abby: "Intimidating? Me?"Dylan: "It isn't easy for a man to get involved with a woman who's totally capable of handling anything that comes along... It isn't easy for a man to believe that there are woman who can not only do those things but enjoy them... [But] it's all natural for you isn't it? It's incredible.
John Irving, The Cider House Rules|It’s natural to want someone you love to do what you want, or what you think would be good for them, but you have to let everything happen to them. You can’t interfere with people you love any more than you’re supposed to interfere with people you don’t even know. And that’s hard. Because you often feel like interfering—you want to be the one who makes the plans. . . You can’t protect people, kiddo, all you can do is love them.
Hilary Mantel|The importance of the river cannot be overstated in the history of the country, or the development of the nation.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|If you can’t handle others’ disapproval, then leadership isn’t for you.
Kabelo Mabona|The image you create in your mind, is a choice your life will follow.
Darynda Jones, Fifth Grave Past the Light|You're trying to be tricky. What's morality?""It's the difference between what's right and what you can rationalize.""Must be a human thing.""Exactly.
Steven Magee|I independently produce scientific advancements to share with everyone, and that is over seven billion people!
Nnedi Okorafor, Home|I felt the pain and the glory of growth, was straining and shuddering with it.
Debasish Mridha|Students may not remember what you try to teach them, but they will never forget who you are and what feelings you created in their mind.
Firoozeh Dumas, Funny in Farsi: A Memoir of Growing Up Iranian in America|The Limoges set has brought us more joy in its absence than it ever did in our cupboards. Of course, we no longer own a set of china to pass down to our kids, but that's okay. Francois and I plan on giving our children something more valuable, the simple truth that the best way to go through life is to be a major donor of kindness. We'll tell them that it's possible to own a whole bunch of beautiful, valuable things and still be miserable. But sometimes just having a recipe for chocolate Bunt cake can make a person far, far happier.
John Bunyan, The Pilgrim's Progress|This hill, though high, I covet to ascend; The difficulty will not me offend. For I perceive the way to life lies here. Come, pluck up, heart; let's neither faint nor fear. Better, though difficult, the right way to go, Than wrong, though easy, where the end is woe.
LeeAnn Taylor|We do not see the world through a window, but through a mirror. Everything we discern is comparatively held to the vision with which we see ourselves.
Christine Zolendz, Scars and Songs|But I did not bring the Wild Boy to England simply so he could learn from us. I also brought him here so we could learn from him; so we can remember what it means to be young- to be innocent. You are still young now, but there will come a time when you will be grown-up, and it is easy, so easy, to forget how precious, how dear, life is. Then you forget to smile, to laugh, to cry, to dream. I hope knowing Peter will help you to hold on fiercely to your own innocence, to live joyfully, even in the midst of difficult times.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|By the power of God, everything came into existence.
John Darnielle|Metal has its own code of cool, but it's not really trying to be cool. And that was very refreshing to me, that metal is very much about expressing something that seems awesome to you even if, at the time, much of the world was going to mock and reject it.
Vladimir Nabokov, Lolita|My preferences range from the gutter-like to the idyllically sublime, ideally with you roaming the range beside me...
Gabrielle Zevin|They should tell you when you’re born: have a suitcase heart, be ready to travel.
Werner Herzog|If the girl is good looking and talented, and for some reason the film doesn't work, she gets a second chance. But if subsequent films don't work, she gets branded as an 'iron leg.' The whole thing gets negative.
Kyung-Sook Shin, Please Look After Mom|But to the slave mother New Year's day comes laden with peculiar sorrows. She sits on her cold cabin floor, watching the children who may all be torn from her the next morning; and often does she wish that she and they might die before the day dawns. She may be an ignorant creature, degraded by the system that has brutalized her from childhood; but she has a mother's instincts, and is capable of feeling a mother's agonies.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Humble yourself, before you are.
Emily Arden, The Gemini Effect: Deception: Book Three|In practice it is death that works soseductively behind the image of its brother, sleep
Donna Lynn Hope|He will miss this quiet full of noise: the nighthawks, the way the woods breathe, the things moving unsuspected through the dark. But he will take with him the canisters full of blasted images and have the pleasure of living them again. They are not nothing, the memories.
Stephanie Lahart|Say what you mean and mean what you say. Don’t be afraid to stand firm on the decisions that you make. Trust yourself. Believe in your instincts. Do what works best for YOU. Stay true to yourself and be good to yourself. Allow every decision that you make to empower, enrich, and add value to your life!
Rosie Molinary, Hijas Americanas: Beauty, Body Image, and Growing Up Latina|It's easy to be worried about the media's influence on our lives. But there is a need for us to also simply be kind to ourselves, to be kind to our bodies. Not just because we deserve more respect and more self-care, but also because the world deserves more of our attention, and we just can't give it out if it's diverted to obsessing over our thighs.
Brennan Manning, All Is Grace: A Ragamuffin Memoir|On one level, a roomful of men is always a dangerous thing. Competition is usually in the air, so the potential for violence is always nearby.
Tina Fey|When did you first feel like a grown woman and not a girl?” We wrote down our answers and shared them, first in pairs, then in larger groups. The group of women was racially and economically diverse, but the answers had a very similar theme. Almost everyone first realized they were becoming a grown woman when some dude did something nasty to them. “I was walking home from ballet and a guy in a car yelled, ‘Lick me!’” “I was babysitting my younger cousins when a guy drove by and yelled, ‘Nice ass.’” There were pretty much zero examples like “I first knew I was a woman when my mother and father took me out to dinner to celebrate my success on the debate team.” It was mostly men yelling shit from cars. Are they a patrol sent out to let girls know they’ve crossed into puberty? If so, it’s working.
Christy Leigh Stewart|If women ruled the world there would be no wars. But, we all would have been aborted.
Murray Rothbard|Doing and making positive programming for young people is so important to me, and I will keep doing it.
David Hlavsa, Walking Distance: Pilgrimage, Parenthood, Grief, and Home Repairs|I couldn’t yet piece together the disconnected clues to understand the origin of these lights. To explain away strange magic, I’d convinced myself there was an unseen road cutting across the boundless desert floor like a scar. I imagined its different possible courses. The mystery intrigued me. I couldn’t think of the real destination this road would have been built to lead to, but I accepted I couldn’t see, and I accepted it was there, strange but – from where I stood – a beautiful vision.
Harold Bloom, The Western Canon: The Books and School of the Ages|Dante subsumed everything, and so, in a sense, secularized nothing.
Zooey Deschanel|In the hot summer months, popsicles are a perfect way to cool down while enjoying a delicious, fruity treat. Frozen, refreshing, mouth-friendly candy on a stick cannot get any better... or can it?
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Be music always. Keep changing the keys, tones, pitch, and volume of each of the songs you create along your life's journey and play on.
Chuck Palahniuk, Rant|The only way that America can protect its prosperity and political stability will be to depopulate the Third World? Should we be surprised that the AIDS virus showed up about 1975? Do you understand what the term "depopulate" means?
Juliet Marillier, Wolfskin|The error was not yours, Somerled," Eyvind said quietly, moving to the doorway. "It was mine. I failed to teach you the one lesson you could not do without: how to be a man.
Amy Pascale, Joss Whedon: The Biography|Little by little, the look of the land changes by the men we admire.
Wilhelm Reich, Listen, Little Man!|...all I could think about was how both sets of parents had needed to make their decision, on whether to medicate their child, in a scientific vacuum. (p. 35)
Nina Bangs, Night Games|Ally turnedher attention back to Brian Byrne. "So what do you do for a living when you're not searching outyour roots?""Have sex with thousands of women." He slanted her a grin that would've knocked her offher feet if she wasn't already laid out flat by his comment. "Professionally, of course.""Well, that makes it okay then." A porn star? Her instinct said no. But her instinct had alsothought Dave was a great guy when she first met him. How wrong was that? Hmm. What elsecould Brian be? How about crazy? Sounded logical to her. She was alone with a crazy man. Asexy crazy man, but crazy was still crazy.
Alice von Hildebrand, The Privilege of Being a Woman|Unwittingly, the feminists acknowledge the superiority of the male sex by wishing to become like men.
Kris Kidd, Split Lips: Stories About Love & Sex|Sometimes, when I’m chain smoking on the balcony and feeling like shit (which happens more often than I’d like to admit), I let go of a lit cigarette just to see if the ember will outlast the fall.It rarely does.
Marie Rutkoski, The Winner's Kiss|Though I no longer presumed to have a conscience, I have never once lacked feelings.
Sunday Adelaja|If you can dedicate yourself to asking questions to reveal your potential, you will discover your potentials and start to fulfil your mission
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|In the nearest future, those who understood the value of time will rule over those who trivialized time.
Jim Pattison|I got up one Christmas morning and we didn't have nothing to eat. We didn't have an apple, we didn't have an orange, we didn't have a cake, we didn't have nothing.
Miguel Ruiz, The Mastery of Love: A Practical Guide to the Art of Relationship|You don't need to justify your love, you don't need to explain your love, you just need to practice your love. Practice creates the master.
Sheldon Vanauken, A Severe Mercy: A Story of Faith, Tragedy and Triumph|Whatever one of us asked the other to do - it was assumed the asker would weigh all the consequences - the other would do. Thus one might wake the other in the night and ask for a cup of water; and the other would peacefully (and sleepily) fetch it. We, in fact, defined courtesy as 'a cup of water in the night'. And we considered it a very great courtesy to ask for the cup as well as to fetch it.
Gloria Steinem|That sort of half sigh, which, accompanied by two or three slight nods of the head, is pity's small change in general society.
Sai Baba|Trees go wandering forth in all directions with every wind, going and coming like ourselves, traveling with us around the sun two million miles a day, and through space heaven knows how fast and far!
James R. White, Drawn By The Father: A Study Of John 6:35 45|Christ is our all. He is everything to the Christian. He fills all, is in all, and He is our life (Colossians 3:4, 11). It is in Him that all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge are hidden (Colossians 2:3). He is the author and finisher of our salvation, the one who starts it, works it out, and completes it (Hebrews 12:2). This is as the Father wanted it. He places His people in the hands of the Son, having joined them to the Son in a super-natural union, so the Son, by His perfect life of obedience, and perfect act of self-sacrifice upon the cross, can bring about their full and complete salvation.
Rick Riordan|Pluto claimed that in ancient times, all humans had been a combination of male and female. Each person had two heads, four arms, four legs. Supposedly, these combo-humans had been so powerful they made the gods uneasy, so Zeus split them in half - man and woman. Ever since, humans had felt incomplete. They spent their whole lives searching for their other halves.
Friedrich Nietzsche|My childhood, I wouldn't say it was bad. It helped me grow up. I stayed out of trouble. My parents taught me what's wrong and right, and knowing that I had a little brother following me, I had to make sure I was doing the right thing so he knows what's right, too. I was in the house nine days out of 10. There wasn't nothing good outside for me.
honeya|She'd been attacked. Just after she came to the Belt. She was seeing that it didn't happen twice.""Attacked," Miller said, parsing the man's tone of voice. "Raped?""I didn't ask.
Patrick Ness, Monsters of Men|This is what war does. Right here, in my hands. This is war.
Stephen R. Covey, The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People: Powerful Lessons in Personal Change|He (Anwar Sadat) records that he was almost loathe to leave his prison cell because it was there that he realized that real success is success with self. It’s not in having things, but in having mastery, having victory over self.
Bryan Reardon, Finding Jake|Nothing distinguishes memories from ordinary moments. Only later do they make themselves known, from their scars. - Chris Marker
Friedrich Nietzsche, Beyond Good and Evil|Buffy Summers: (to Spike) "I could NEVER be your girl!
Caryl Westmore|Modest, conventional expectations weren't enough to lure Adam Brown away from the power of drug addiction that ensnared him. Instead, the college dropout already in his mid-twenties found only the big, near-impossible dream of being a Navy SEAL captivating enough to consistently draw him to different choices.
Anne Hébert, Kamouraska|I clap my hands together. (Where do I get the strength, the burst of energy?) To chase away the ghosts. Dispel my fears. Arrange the dream. Maintain a kind of balance
Jeff Jarvis, What Would Google Do?|We are called to go make disciples, but how do disciples live? How do we function in the world—in our marriages, families, schools and places of business? How do we live as salt and light in the society?
Ernest Hemingway, For Whom the Bell Tolls|You had to have these peasant leaders quickly in this sort of war and a real peasant leader might be a little too much like Pablo. You couldn't wait for the real Peasant Leader to arrive and he might have too many peasant characteristics when he did. So you had to manifacture one. At that, from what he had seen of Campesino, with his black beard, his thick negroid lips, and his feverish, staring eyes, he thought he might give almost as much trouble as a real peasant leader. The last time he had seen him he seemed to have gotten to believe his own publicity and think he was a peasant.
Sarah Nicolas, Dragons Are People, Too|The right side of the screen then shows a close-up of the protestors. There are only about thirty of them, but Gods bless them they're energetic. And they have catchy picket signs, like: "Set the dragon-people free!" and "Dragons are people, too!" and "End Racial Segregation! Again!
Karl Marx, Essential Writings of Karl Marx: Economic and Philosophic Manuscripts, Communist Manifesto, Wage Labor and Capital, Critique of the Gotha Program|You think of killing himon the spotbut discard that thought andleave,down into the urine-stinkingelevator, they have you crucified too, America at work, where they rip out your intestinesand your brain and your will and your spirit. They suck you dry, then throw you away. The capitalist system. The work ethic. The profit motive. The memory of your father’s words,“work hard and you’ll be appreciated.” of course, only if you make much more for them than they payyou.
Hunter Hayes|I love to not work. I like to travel. I work maybe half the year, no more.
Marc Bekoff, Why Dogs Hump and Bees Get Depressed: The Fascinating Science of Animal Intelligence, Emotions, Friendship, and Conservation|Why is it that blood, rather than peace, sells?
Faraaz Kazi|If people can't stand being alone, they have no choice but to die
Mehmet Murat ildan|Our truest reflection reveals that we are what we think, we are what we say and we are what we continuously do.
Ron Rash, Serena|Then one morning she’d begun to feel her sorrow easing, like something jagged that had cut into her so long it had finally dulled its edges, worn itself down. That same day Rachel couldn’t remember which side her father had parted his hair on, and she’d realized again what she’d learned at five when her mother left – that what made losing someone you loved bearable was not remembering but forgetting. Forgetting the small things first, the smell of the soap her mother had bathed with, the color of the dress she’d worn to church, then after a while the sound of her mother’s voice, the color of her hair. It amazed Rachel how much you could forget, and everything you forgot made that person less alive inside you until you could finally endure it. After more time passed you could let yourself remember, even want to remember. But even then what you felt those first days could return and remind you the grief that was still there, like old barbed wire embedded in a tree’s heartwood. (51)
Bruce Golden|Sex always sells-always has, always will.
Bernard Cornwell, Sharpe's Triumph|and everything burned in blue, everything a star
Sherwood Anderson|Being "brave" means doing or facing something frightening. ... Being "fearless" means being without fear.
Gena Showalter, The Darkest Night|I would have told you earlier, but as it was your birthday . . . What do you give the man who has everything? I thought I’d give you . . . me.”He puts the keychain down on the bedside table and snuggles in beside me, pulling me into his arms against his chest so that we’re spooning.“It’s perfect. Like you.
Rasmussen|Vegans are always wrong, but damn pleased with themselves
Ravi Ranjan Goswami, The gold syndicate|The syndicate was successful in including an officer and two other crew members in its plan. Sheikh employed old ways of enticing by wine, women and money to use them.
Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera|The Widow Nazaret never missed her occasional appointments with Florentino Ariza, not even during her busiest times, and it was always without pretensions of loving or being loved, although always in the hope of finding something that resembled love, but without the problems of love.
Jenny Lawson|I have referred to it as a gift--something for which others with this affliction have taken me to task. I was only speaking from my own experience, of course, but I stand partially corrected: if it is a gift, it's the gift that just keeps on taking.Coping with relentless assault and the accumulating damage is not easy. Nobody would ever choose to have this visited upon them. Still, this unexpected crisis forced a fundamental life decision: adopt a siege mentality--or embark upon a journey. Whatever it was--courage? acceptance? wisdom?--that finally allowed me to go down the second road (after spending a few disastrous years on the first) was unquestionably a gift--and absent this neurophysiological catastrophe, I would never have opened it, or been so profoundly enriched. That's why I consider myself a lucky man.
Sami Abouzid|In LIFE, You Meet with People You Wish You Knew Them for Ages and you will meet with people you will wish they were gone for ages.
Ally Condie, Atlantia|We collected all the bones we could find, and yesterday, Natividad wrapped them in a shawl that she had knitted years ago. It was the most beautiful thing she owned."A thing like that should serve the living," Bankole said when she offered it."You are living," Natividad said. "I like you. I wish I could have met your sister.
Mike Stackpole|Note to the wise: whenever someone insists that he wants to buy something from you, but tells you there’s no real value in it yet, two things are happening: he’s lying, and you’re being taken.
Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy|I can see us, living in the woods, her wearing that A, me with a S maybe, S for silent, S for stupid, for scared. S for silly. For shame.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If the quality of the people got better as they aged, how good that would be, don’t you think so? Then we would put all the swindlers, crooks, usurers, robbers, hucksters, and gamblers we could find into a barrel and wait for some years, until their characters could leave an exquisite taste on all palates.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|Being tame is what we're taught: ... put the crayons back, stay in line, don't talk too loud, keep your knees together, nice girls don't...As you might know, nice girls DO, and they like to feel wild and alive. Being tame feels safe, being wild, unsafe. Yet safety is an illusion anyway. We are not in control. No matter how dry and tame and nice we live, we will die. And we will suffer along the way. Living wild is its own reward.
Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich|If one comes to fundamentals then this is the most fundamental thing: the moment you are not, enlightenment is. With emptiness, the matter is settled.
Paul C. Nagel, John Quincy Adams: A Public Life, a Private Life|When John Quincy Adams in the Netherlands was placed with elementary students and belittled because he did not speak Dutch, either the author or John Adams accuses school authorities of "littleness of soul".
Geoffrey O'Brien, Sonata for Jukebox: An Autobiography of My Ears|This theory [the oxygen theory] is not as I have heard it described, that of the French chemists, it is mine (elle est la mienne); it is a property which I claim from my contemporaries and from posterity.
Yul Vazquez|There's one thing about baldness, it's neat.
Vladimir Nabokov, American Fantastic Tales: Terror and the Uncanny from the 1940's Until Now|Standing by the frozen glass, he stared down at the icy, barely lit streets running towards the river Seine, the bell-clanging local church, then to the sky like black lead. ("Israbel")
Frederick E. Owen Jr.|I figure, if the mind just 'has' to be busy,why not make up happy shit?
Ana Claudia Antunes, ONE HUNDRED ONE WORLD ACCOUNTS in ONE HUNDRED ONE WORD COUNT|A brain is like a muscle, a serial connection that you should train everyday; if you don't use it, you loose it
Debasish Mridha|Success in business is important. Success as a human being with values, character, kindness, and love is much more important.
Frank Gehry|My focus had always been the on-side. My coach wanted me to work on the offside strokes since he was convinced of my ability and timing on the leg side. I worked hard and firmed up my defensive technique. I am happy getting runs all around the wicket now, and getting a lot of boundaries. No one calls me a 'leggie batsman' anymore.
Austin Kleon, Steal Like an Artist: 10 Things Nobody Told You About Being Creative|Read good writing, and don’t live in the present. Live in the deep past, with the language of the Koran or the Mabinogion or Mother Goose or Dickens or Dickinson or Baldwin or whatever speaks to you deeply. Literature is not high school and it’s not actually necessary to know what everyone around you is wearing, in terms of style, and being influenced by people who are being published in this very moment is going to make you look just like them, which is probably not a good long-term goal for being yourself or making a meaningful contribution. At any point in history there is a great tide of writers of similar tone, they wash in, they wash out, the strange starfish stay behind, and the conches.
Jason Bateman|It seems like the richer you are, the more chance you have of paying less tax.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|All the calculus, quantum mechanics and languages in the world are worthless pieces of information, if they are not brought to the service of the society.
A.B. Whelan, Valley of Darkness Part 1 & Part 2|You know, when I was in Paris, seeing Linter for the first time, I was standing at the top of some steps in the courtyard where Linter's place was, and I looked across it and there was a little notice on the wall saying it was forbidden to take photographs of the courtyard without the man's permission. [..] They want to own the light!
Terry Pratchett, Small Gods|Around the Godde there forms a Shelle of prayers and Ceremonies and Buildings and Priestes and Authority, until at Last the Godde Dies. Ande this maye notte be noticed.
Kiersten White, My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories|I don't leave a note.There's nothing else to do. At first, I'd wanted to write Merry Christmas on the box somewhere, but I decide against it. This isn't about words.It's about glowing lights and small things that are big.
Rockwell Kent|But picketing - picketing for or against something, and handing out literature - these are conspicuously formal actions. They have to be understood as indirect communication.
Jill Conner Browne, The Sweet Potato Queens' Book of Love|Try to avoid getting involved with somebody who's gonna need killing before it's over. It may seem to you that that narrows the field somewhat, but be diligent. 
Debasish Mridha|If you want something new, then come up with a new idea and take action.
George Gordon Byron|Hate cannot live alone. It It must have love as a trigger, a goad, or a stimulant. Joe early developed a gentle protective love for Joe. He comforted and flattered and cherished Joe. He set up walls to save Joe from a hostile world. And Joe gradually became proof against wrong. If Joe got into trouble, it was because the world was in angry conspiracy against him. And if Joe attacked the world, it was revenge and they damn well deserved it - the sons of bitches. Joe lavished every care on his love, and he perfected a lonely set of rules which might have gone like this:1. Don't believe nobody. The bastards are after you.2. Keep your mouth shut. Don't keep your neck out. 3. Keep your ears open. When they make a slip, grab on to it and wait. 4. Everybody's a son of a bitch and whatever you do they got it coming.
Clara Bensen|If the only thing I did for the rest of my life was treat others kindly, file manila folders, and sit on the porch watching the grass grow it would be enough. It had to be. I did the math. The number of people who actually achieve a significant legacy is trifling compared to the vast number who go from birth to death living relatively unremarkable lives (at least on the surface). And maybe that wasn't the failure I'd been conditioned to believe. Maybe there was something to be said in praise of an outwardly unremarkable life. Maybe there were deep everyday forms of magic that had nothing to do with profound acomplishments or a Twitter feed that resonated down through the ages.
Marion Zimmer Bradley, The Mists of Avalon|and more important, did he love me as much as he once loved me?
Simon Pegg|Leonard Cohen has a way with words and with humor that remind me to lighten up, which I appreciate very much.
Brené Brown, Rising Strong|Too much twee emotional expression--too many claims like, "Everything is awesome," or "I just never really feel angry or upset," or "If you're just positive, you can turn that frown upside down,"--often masks real pain and hurt. These behaviors are as much red flags as brooding and anger are....Being all light is as dangerous as being all dark, simply because denial of emotion is what feeds the dark.
Emilia Fox|You may write me down in history with your bitter, twisted lines. You may trod me in the very dirt, but still, like dust, I'll rise.
Ellen Herrick, The Forbidden Garden|Having commodified nature, we're eating the shrapnel of a worldwide homogeneity bomb.
Susan Hill, Howards End Is on the Landing: A Year of Reading from Home|I go downstairs and the books blink at me from the shelves. Or stare. In a trick of the light, a row of them seems to shift very slightly, like a curtain blown by the breeze through an open window. Red is next to blue is next to cream is adjacent to beige. But when I look again, cream is next to green is next to black. A tall book shelters a small book, a huge Folio bullies a cowering line of Quartos. A child's nursery rhyme book does not have the language in which to speak to a Latin dictionary. Chaucer does not know the words in which Henry James communicates but here they are forced to live together, forever speechless.
Aldous Huxley|Words can be said in bitterness and anger, and often there seems to be an element of truth in the nastiness. And words don't go away, they just echo around.
Philip Zaleski, The Fellowship: The Literary Lives of the Inklings: J.R.R. Tolkien, C.S. Lewis, Owen Barfield, Charles Williams|God trains His soldiers, not in tents of ease and luxury, but by turning them out and using them to forced marches and hard service. He makes them ford through streams, and swim through rivers, and climb mountains, and walk many a long mile with heavy knapsacks of sorrow on their backs.
Jodi Picoult, The Tenth Circle|People believed what they wanted to believe, no matter what was right in front of their eyes.
Jonathan Lethem, Gun, With Occasional Music|«I love both her and them. I have come to understand that she is what they are. A woman accepts a man, expecting that he will change. A man takes a woman, expecting that she will never change. They are both disappointed. Yet within this very disappointment is the primal source of all new men and all new women»
Mehmet Murat ildan|Even if people laughed at the notion of goodness, if they found it sentimental, or nostalgic, it didn't matter -- it was non ov those things, he said, and it had to be fought for.
Steve Albini|I also wanted to express the strength of cinema to hide reality, while being entertaining. Cinema can fill in the empty spaces of your life and your loneliness.
Corina Abdulahm-Negura|If you have to fight and want to win, use the strongest muscles: Heart.
Tichina Arnold|Time turns the old days to derision, Our loves into corpses or wives; And marriage and death and division Make barren our lives.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, Flecks of Gold on a Path of Stone: Simple Truths for Profound Living|When people are vulnerable to control, they feel that they are selfish for deciding what to do with their own property. In reality, deciding for ourselves is the only way we can ever have true love, for then we are giving freely.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.|Insanity is often the logic of an accurate mind overtasked. Good mental machinery ought to break its own wheels and levers, if anything is thrust among them suddenly which tends to stop them or reverse their motion. A weak mind does not accumulate force enough to hurt itself; stupidity often saves a man from going mad.
Frances Densmore, American Indians and Their Music|Dream Song:In the heavens A noise, Like the rustling of the trees.
Anne Fadiman, Ex Libris: Confessions of a Common Reader|It has long been my belief that everyone's library contains an Odd Shelf. On this shelf rests a small, mysterious corpus of volumes whose subject matter is completely unrelated to the rest of the library, yet which, upon closer inspection, reveals a good deal about its owner.
Haruki Murakami, After the Quake|I want to write stories that are different from the ones I've written so far, Junpei thought: I want to write about people who dream and wait for the night to end, who long for the light so they can hold the ones they love.
Edna St. Vincent Millay, Collected Poems|I turn away reluctant from your light,And stand irresolute, a mind undone,A silly, dazzled thing deprived of sightFrom having looked too long upon the sun.Then is my daily life a narrow roomIn which a little while, uncertainly,Surrounded by impenetrable gloom,Among familiar things grown strange to meMaking my way, I pause, and feel, and hark,Till I become accustomed to the dark.
Allen Tate|Since we have had a history, men have pursued an ideal of immortality.
Daniel H. Wilson, Robopocalypse|Some unspoken human communication is taking place on a hidden channel. I did not realize they communicated this much without words. I note that we machines are not the only species who share information silently, wreathed in codes.
Naveen Jain|I respect people that are die-hard film people, but I started on video. I started on Hi8 video and mini-DV, and I made skate videos. So, I love film, and I love the way it looks, but I also love the way crappy video looks, or VHS. I've always been a fan of whatever the look is that's appropriate for what the feeling is.
Julianna Scott, The Holders|Love is a cheap word. Anyone can say it, and few truly know what it means.
Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl|For most of us free-thinking, wild hearts, our relationship with God or the Universe will go through peaks and valleys – transforming into new concepts and beliefs, completely disappearing, at times, only then to instantly explode back into existence by something even as small as a sunset!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|A New Year, all things new!
Michael W. Grimard|You made me feel less aloneYou made me feel not quite soDeformed, uninformed and hunchbackedAre you aware wherever you areThat you have just died?
William Shakespeare, Richard III|Ever, could I or could I not count the shadows of our being?
Thomas Jefferson|It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer.
Tiffany Reisz, The Siren|I wanted to, um, apologize for earlier. I can't believe I did that. I didn't think it could be real and—” “Didn’t think what could be real?” …Your penguin.
Henry James|Zed : Penguins, such fascinating creatures, but I didn’t know you were studying them. What class is that you’re taking?Sky: The ‘we-stupid-looking-creature-should-stick-together’ class.
Marilena Mexi|The pain of dying will surely be nothing, for the pain of love is so much stronger and agonizing.
Emm Cole, Keeping Merminia|I've misplaced it all, but I can't seem to lose my brother. It's a priceless gift--to have his love at a time when I've done nothing to earn it.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|No matter what they take from me, they can't deny who I am.
Tanner Walling|Life is like a storm. At its worst, it's full of blinding fury, rage, and destruction. However, at its best, it is full of striking beauty and wonder.
Michel de Montaigne, The Complete Essays|Les naturels sanguinaires à l'endroit des bestes, tesmoignent une propension naturelle à la cruauté.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|The causes of familial discord and distance are countless, but the results are often the same: secrecy, blame, sadness, hurt, confusion, and feelings of loss and grief.
Kristen McNulty, Closed Doors|And we will mess up. We will hold on when we should have let go. We will walk away when we should have run. We will go when we should have stayed and we will hurt others when we should have loved. But God forgives, He forgets, and best of all, He restores.
Bhumika Singh|Let the tumult inside you, bring you peace and solitude.
Nas|The things that I have said when I was young and curious about whatever the subject matter was, I respect those - those are growing pains. Even if you make mistakes, I go back to those things, my not-so-great moments because those are my truest moments; those are my human moments. I'm not even mad at the things I said that were a little dicey.
Greg Logsted|I can see her weighing her response, concentrating like a cliff diver studying the ebb and flow of the tide."Um, well... could you at least give me an idea?""Two weeks give or take a week or two.
Melvin Burgess, Smack|If the most connected we’ve ever felt with another person was in that brief moment of apology and regret after physical abuse, then we’ll seek that abuse for the rest of our lives.
Hiroko Sakai|No. Not yet. A craftsman only. But I dream to be an artist. I pray that someday, if I work with enough care, if I am very very lucky, I will make a weapon that is a work of art. Call me an artist then, and I will answer.
George Washington|When a writer knows home in his heart, his heart must remain subtly apart from it.
Paul Tillich, Systematic Theology 3: Life & the Spirit: History & the Kingdom of God|...only in the late 1100s and 1200s did scholars in Sicily and Spain translate Aristotle's greatest philosophical and scientific texts. These translations had an impact reminiscent of those science fiction stories in which the world suddenly encounters a civilization far in advance of its own. Aristotle had systematically answered the widest range of questions on everything from ethics to physics to biology. Students flocked to the universities advertising that they taught Aristotle. For Christian theologians, all of this posed at least two problems. First, the whole Augustinian tradition had taught that faith provided the standpoint from which one could understand the world correctly. Since Aristotle had not been a Christian, how had he managed to understand so much? Second, most theologians had drawn on the idea, going back to Aristotle's teacher Plato, that the road to knowledge involves turning away from the senses and looking inward to the truths of the soul. Aristotle, on the other hand, taught that all knowledge begins with sense observation.
Arthur Schopenhauer|... that when you're buying books, you're optimistically thinking you're buying the time to read them.(Paraphrase of Schopenhauer)
Dashama Konah Gordon, Journey to Joyful: Transform Your Life with Pranashama Yoga|In a world resistant to change, we have to take matters into our own hands. Modern society and culture fails to support our healing by literally encouraging us to sustain our addictions.
Ringo Starr|I was on acid and I looked at the trees and I realized that they all came to points, and the little branches came to points, and the houses came to point. I thought, 'Oh! Everything has a point, and if it doesn't, then there's a point to it.
J.B. Priestley|We must beware the revenge of the starved senses, the embittered animal in its prison.
Seth Godin, Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?|Art isn't only a painting. Art is anything that's creative, passionate, and personal. And great art resonates with the viewer, not only with the creator.What makes someone an artist? I don't think is has anything to do with a paintbrush. There are painters who follow the numbers, or paint billboards, or work in a small village in China, painting reproductions. These folks, while swell people, aren't artists. On the other hand, Charlie Chaplin was an artist, beyond a doubt. So is Jonathan Ive, who designed the iPod. You can be an artists who works with oil paints or marble, sure. But there are artists who work with numbers, business models, and customer conversations. Art is about intent and communication, not substances.An artists is someone who uses bravery, insight, creativity, and boldness to challenge the status quo. And an artists takes it personally.That's why Bob Dylan is an artist, but an anonymous corporate hack who dreams up Pop 40 hits on the other side of the glass is merely a marketer. That's why Tony Hsieh, founder of Zappos, is an artists, while a boiler room of telemarketers is simply a scam.Tom Peters, corporate gadfly and writer, is an artists, even though his readers are businesspeople. He's an artists because he takes a stand, he takes the work personally, and he doesn't care if someone disagrees. His art is part of him, and he feels compelled to share it with you because it's important, not because he expects you to pay him for it.Art is a personal gift that changes the recipient. The medium doesn't matter. The intent does.Art is a personal act of courage, something one human does that creates change in another.
Kendra Wilkinson|My mom never wanted to be a grandmom. She never wanted to be a mom, really.
Edward Zwick|My parents were over the moon when I had some success with Christmas songs because that was the time of the year that meant so much to them. They were able to see their loved ones, and it was great to hear their son's voice on the radio while they visited.
Marc Allen, The Millionaire Course: A Visionary Plan for Creating the Life of Your Dreams|The greatest solution of all is to live and work in partnership with yourself, your family and friends, your work and community, your nation, your world, nature, and spirit.
John Dryden|Night had fallen, and Diane admired the deep sky behind Steve's calm countenance. They looked into each other's eyes again and felt the spark and excitement of discovery. As if to celebrate the perfect, life-enabling distance of the earth from the sun, Diane and Steve kissed again.""-The Grand Unified Story (a Short Story) from Stories and Scripts: an Anthology
Jennifer Niven, All the Bright Places|The more you start to love someone, the more you ache when they’re gone, and maybe it’s that middle ground that hurts the most, when you can see them and still not feel like you’re near enough.
B. R. Ambedkar|Rosa Parks was the queen mother of a movement whose single act of heroism sparked the movement for freedom, justice and equality. Her greatest contribution is that she told us a regular person can make a difference.
Lindsay Buckingham|I don't settle in any other area of my life when it comes to excellence, so why should I lower my standards when it comes to boys?
Kevin Spacey|Over time, if you want rights, you have to also show that you can use them responsibly and that you can build a positive world in the online space, and that's also very important.
Jocelyn  Murray, The Gilded Mirror: Constantinople|She watched with morbid fascination as they gathered at the stumps at the ends of the man's wrists, the old scar tissue the only place on him unclaimed by Fener, but the paths the sprites took to those stumps touched not a single tattooed line. The flies dance a dance of avoidance - but for all that, they were eager to dance.
Samuel Johnson|To be of no church is dangerous. Religion, of which the rewards are distant, and which is animated only by faith and hope, will glide by degrees out of the mind unless it be invigorated and reimpressed by external ordinances, by stated calls to worship, and the salutary influence of example.
J.D. Taylor|I sometimes stare into fire or into the night sky alone and wish for a girl or my situation to be different. I also then think why would god who created the beautiful Earth let Humans suffer and act the way they do. But I then realize that god has left you and everyone else a long time ago. This is the reason why I do not live my life for him. Because in the end, the only god who is always guaranteed to call for you by name, is Death.
Adam W. Jones, Fate Ball|Tess passed by the Church’s sign, and then made the turn right. Her expectations for a degree of improvement were met with passed echoes of indecisive hand claps from mental bodied insecurities that infiltrated her subconscious with a disruptive applause in an attempt to divert her focus from the road of progression by putting it back on her publicized devastations.
Christina Engela, Demonspawn|If you drive fast enough on a rough road you glide over the bumps and skim the pot holes - it's a smooth ride. If you charge without fear over boulders and beach debris it's the same as running on hard flat sand. The only problem is slowing down, or stopping.
Archibald MacLeish|What is freedom? Freedom is the right to choose: the right to create for oneself the alternatives of choice. Without the possibility of choice a man is not a man but a member, an instrument, a thing.
Robert A. Heinlein|There is no method of reasoning more common, and yet none more blameable, than, in philosophical disputes, to endeavour the refutation of any hypothesis, by a pretence of its dangerous consequences to religion and morality. When any opinion leads to absurdities, it is certainly false; but it is not certain that an opinion is false, because it is of danger-ous consequence. Such topics, therefore, ought entirely to be forborne; as serving nothing to the discovery of truth, but only to make the personof an antagonist odious.
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|How catastrophic is it when the church herself becomes secularized and expressive individualism sits in the driver’s seat in the church’s life and mission. When the church has lost connection with Christ her living head, she loses her soul.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Even if I be likened to a rat, I do not care, provided that that particular rat be wanted by you, and be of use in the world, and be retained in its position, and receive its reward. But what a rat it is!
Alberto Caeiro, O Pastor Amoroso|how wonderful if something that only be existed in wishful thinking, comes and expresses themselves without being asked forcefully; but alas, i'm too immersed in the excitement until i don't realize that it's only temporarily, not forever
Lord Byron|I've gone to school for business, for design, for architecture.
Edward Gibbon, The History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire Volume I|An oligarchy does not require a good and moral citizenry but a Constitutional Republic does. If we lose our moral compass, we lose our country.
Paul Valéry, Selected Writings|For the fact is that disorder is the condition of the mind's fertility: it contains the mind's promise, since its fertility depends on the unexpected rather than the expected, depends on what we do not know, and because we do not know it, than what we know.
George L. Mosse, Nazi Culture: Intellectual, Cultural and Social Life in the Third Reich|It is always easier to find your sense of value by demeaning another’s value. It is easier to define yourself as ‘not that,’ rather than do an actual accounting of your own qualities and put them on the scale.
Jill Shalvis, Accidentally on Purpose|You probably had more adventures today than I’ll have in a lifetime. Walking must seem tame to you.”“Elle, you’re more of an adventure than anything that’s ever happened to me.
Eileen Anglin|Our work is not about transcending this world to get to a better place; our work is to be fully present here; to heal ourselves, and our planet in the spirit of service and compassion.
Shireen Jeejeebhoy, Lifeliner: The Judy Taylor Story|I'm so lucky to have a family, adopted or not! I'm so lucky to be alive!" Judy Ellis Taylor tells her three school-age girls.... They roll their eyes.
ANIKOR Daniel|Alamo has been a strong inspiration for nations striving for freedom all around the globe since 1836. Gvozdansko has not earned public reputation, but profoundly touched the heart of the bitter enemy Ferhat-paša alone in 1578. Croats have a duty and obligation to learn about Gvozdansko.
|Whatever it is that you are going through at the moment, stay strong and keep your faith alive. Through perseverance, time will surely come to your rescue.
Raven Huffman, The Untold Story of Shirley Holmes|People should never surprise you. Humans have basic animal drives that are going to make people predictable. Don’t let them shock you. A person is too easily predicted. Now, Shirley listen closely. There are wolves and there are sheep. Most people are sheep. Even if a person is a sheep, don’t turn your back to them. There is a reason that sheep are so easily controlled...
Katie Reus, Shattered Duty|He could find out if Tasev was guilty, then make him wish he'd never been born. A quick death for Tasev would be too easy.No way in hell would that happen. The man would suffer for a long time before he took his last breath. That part of Levi had changed and he knew it. He'd never relished death or suffering before. Then he'd lost everything that mattered.
Rick Yancey, The Monstrumologist|Some people remember the sixties better than others do. Some weren't even there, some who were there were not really there, and some who were not really there were "really there".
Dave Pelzer, A Child Called "It"|It is important for people to know that no matter what lies in their past, they can overcome the dark side and press on to a brighter world.
Stephen King, Under the Dome|She can't help it,' he said. 'She's got the soul of a poet and the emotional makeup of a junkyard dog.
Violet Trefusis, Violet to Vita: The Letters of Violet Trefusis to Vita Sackville-West, 1910-1921|It’s been four years since Justin kissed his best friend Lucas when they were both just 12. Then Justin, afraid of what it meant, afraid of how he felt, afraid of what it made him, ran and has been running from and avoiding Lucas for these four years. The thing about running is that no matter how fast you run, the past always catches up with you, and when faced with his past and all the things he’s missed, Justin finds he doesn’t want to run anymore. Now Justin wants to try to make things right with Lucas; he wants his best friend back. But maybe it's too late. Maybe Lucas has moved on. Read the story to find out if Justin is successful. This story isn't only about internalized homophobia and the hurtful things it leads gay kids to do to themselves and others. It is much more about truth, love and hurt and coming to terms with those things, forgiving yourself, and loving yourself enough to hold yourself accountable.
Sierra Cartwright, Bind|I want you naked, sitting at my piano and rolling your hips like you’re fucking the notes.
Carli Lloyd|I do a lot of lectures on survival. I always say you can't change what happened, so have a little wallow, feel very sorry for yourself, and then get up and move forward. You can't change what happened.
Alexa Von Tobel|No one really wants to admit they are lonely, and it is never really addressed very much between friends and family. But I have felt lonely many times in my life.
Fatema Mernissi, Dreams of Trespass: Tales of a Harem Girlhood|Nature is woman's best friend,' she [Yasmina] often said. 'If you're having troubles, you just swim in the water, stretch out in a field, or look up at the stars. That's how a woman cures her fears'.
Stephen King, Misery|A writer must expect other people to criticize their work and open-mindedly consider all worthwhile suggestions. Martial arts master Bruce Lee advised anyone attempting to master a difficult enterprise to learn from other people but also liberally experiment and judiciously draw from our own well of intelligence and talent. ‘Adapt what is useful, reject what is useless, and add what is specifically your own.
Garrison Keillor, Pontoon|By the time you read this, you'll be older than you remember.
Kevin Focke|My characters still talk the way normal people talk. They argue, they are sarcastic with each other, they joke around. I usually end up with one outrageous minor character in each book that people just rave about. We all have that one friend who says and does things that are a riot. A character like that is the salt in the soup: you want just enough to bring everything to life.
Cal Thomas|The Framers of the Bill of Rights did not purport to 'create' rights. Rather, they designed the Bill of Rights to prohibit our Government from infringing rights and liberties presumed to be preexisting.
Leymah Gbowee|Wherever there is injustice, there is anger, and anger is like gasoline - if you spray it around and somebody lights a matchstick, you have an inferno. But anger inside an engine is powerful: it can drive us forward and can get us through dreadful moments and give us power. I learnt this with my discussions with nuclear policy makers.
Martin Rees|I think our biggest problem is lack of real, honest communication between black men and black women. A lot of men talk amongst men, and a lot of women speak amongst women.
Shaquille O'Neal|I'm not a singer. In 'Bye Bye Birdie,' I think I was the sad girl who sits on the park bench during 'Put on a Happy Face.'
Gabriel García Márquez, One Hundred Years of Solitude|But your solitude will be a support and a home for you, even in the midst of very unfamiliar circumstances, and from it you will find all your paths.
Tim Fargo|Lord Ram gave Hanuman a quizzical look and said, "What are you, a monkey or a man?" Hanuman bowed his head reverently, folded his hands and said, "When I do not know who I am, I serve You and when I do know who I am, You and I are One.
Eileen Anglin|We can be the light, the lantern, the morning star in someone's life. Living as best we can with a kind and forgiving heart. Taking compassionate action. Taking the time to smile or to help someone or an animal in need can make all the difference.Living with personal integrity. Not being perfect, but doing the best we can to live our lives in such a way that guides others is more powerful than any words you could speak or write.
Oscar Wilde|Old age is like everything else. To make a success of it, you've got to start young.
John Warner|I had a high school English teacher who made me really work at writing. And once, when I got an assignment back, she'd written: 'This is so good, Andrew. This should be published!' That made a big impression on me.
Alice Hoffman, The Story Sisters|It was surely one thing to respect the Dark Arts as a dangerous enemy, another to speak of them with a loving caress in his voice?
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|He copulated with a number of girls, but copulation was not the joy it ought to be. It was a mere relief of need, like evacuating, and he felt ashamed of it afterward because it involved another person as object.
Jodi Picoult, Plain Truth|She shrugged. "You can be happy for someone else's good fortune, but that doesn't mean you forget your own bad luck.
Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical Uplifting Quotes and Poems|You can't always be right, but you can be wrong a lot less
Rebecca Solnit, The Faraway Nearby|As a matter of fact, when it comes to seeing, men display two tendencies: they see what they wish to see, what is useful to them, what is agreeable. The second is the tendency toward inhibition; they do not see what they do not wish to see, what is useless to them, or disagreeable.
Robert Goolrick, The End of the World as We Know It: Scenes from a Life|I would give anything, anything, to be the man to whom this has not happened. I can not accommodate myself to it. In a lifetime of trying, I can not accommodate myself to it.And now I will have to be that person forever.
J.L. Beck|We sit in an awkward silence for a few minutes before she speaks. “You’re right. There’s more to it.” I’m not sure if I should wait and let her speak, or if she’s waiting for an acknowledgement. I slowly turn my head toward her and settle my eyes on hers. “I went through a rough time a few years ago. I wasn’t sure things would get better for me. One day, Rick and Jo were able to knock some sense into me. When a Phoenix dies, it rises from its ashes to have a new life.” Her eyes leave mine as she rolls to her back and stares at the stars. “The tattoo reminds me of that. One chapter of my life may end, but that doesn’t mean a new chapter won’t come from the ashes. It probably sounds silly to you.
Jane Kang|A slight concussion of the brain simplifies matters so beautifully.("Three O'Clock")
C.M. Stunich, The Feed|Still, the seeds of change have been sown in my mind, and they will not be easily forgotten.
Anthony Doerr, About Grace|Memory gallops, then checks up and veers unexpectedly; to memory, the order of occurrence is arbitary
Aberjhani, Splendid Literarium: A Treasury of Stories, Aphorisms, Poems, and Essays|There is nothing sane, merciful, heroic, devout, redemptive, wise, holy, loving, peaceful, joyous, righteous, gracious, remotely spiritual, or worthy of praise where mass murder is concerned. We have been in this world long enough to know that by now and to understand that nonviolent conflict resolution informed by mutual compassion is the far better option.
Greg Graffin|I never close a door on any other religion. Most of the time, some part of it makes sense to me. I don't believe everyone has to chant just because I chant. I believe all religion is about touching something inside of yourself.
E.A. Bucchianeri|I know, not everyone will like what I write, but writing is not about trying to please everybody.
David Finkel, The Good Soldiers|Probably for every man there is at least one city that sooner or later turns into a girl. How well or how badly the man actually knew the girl doesn't necessarily affect the transformation. She was there, and she was the whole city, and that's that.
H. Raven Rose, Liquid Me: Poetry and Prose|I hope that I capture something in my work that is about the elusive, the magical and powerful and the transformative. The writing in itself is transformative for me.
Booth Tarkington, The Magnificent Ambersons|Such moments passed and the wasting fires of lust sprang up again. The verses passed from his lips and the inarticulate cries and the unspoken brutal words rushed forth from his brain to force a passage. His blood was in revolt. He wandered up and down the dark slimy streets peering into the gloom of lanes and doorways, listening eagerly for any sound. He moaned to himself like some baffled prowling beast. He wanted to sin with another of his kind, to force another being to sin with him and to exult with her in sin. He felt some dark presence moving irresistibly upon him from the darkness, a presence subtle and murmurous as a flood filling him wholly with itself. Its murmur besieged his ears like the murmur of some multitude in sleep; its subtle streams penetrated his being. His hands clenched convulsively and his teeth set together as he suffered the agony of its penetration. He stretched out his arms in the street to hold fast the frail swooning form that eluded him and incited him: and the cry that he had strangled for so long in his throat issued from his lips. It broke from him like a wail of despair from a hell of sufferers and died in a wail of furious entreaty, a cry for an iniquitous abandonment, a cry which was but the echo of an obscene scrawl which he had read on the oozing wall of a urinal.
A.D. Posey|Anytime I was denying my inner self, I knew absolutely nothing.
Gina Damico, Hellhole|Hey, I’ll have you know that with recent 3D imaging, Ichthyosaurus communis is more alive than ever!”“Talk like the Discovery Channel all you want, but a book of fossils and a tub of plaster does not an orgy make.
Brenda Jackson, Taking Care of Business|Nothing - not prestige, power or pride - is worth sacrificing the things that you truly want, the things that you truly love. "Don't be afraid to take time and smell the roses. Don't hesitate in seeking out those things you hold dear. Seeking them out and holding on to them. And don't ever cease standing up for what you believe in, and fighting for those things that you want. Life is too short. Do what makes you happy, regardless of how others might feel.
Jordan Silver, Broken|She wasn’t thinking about making it rich, she wasn’t that delusional. But at least here was something that could take her away from herself if even for a little while, and she reveled in it.
William Cullen Bryant, Thanatopsis; To a Waterfowl; A Midsummer Sonnet - Pamphlet|So live, that when thy summons comes to join The innumerable caravan which movesTo that mysterious realm where each shall take His chamber in the silent halls of death, Thou go not, like the quarry-slave at night,Scourged to his dungeon; but, sustain'd and soothed By an unfaltering trust, approach thy grave,Like one who wraps the drapery of his couch About him, and lies down to pleasant dreams."Thanatopsis
Kevin Alan Milne|It is better to live presently. By living thus, perhaps we can learn to understand the nature of this fragile coexistence we share with the world around us.
Elizabeth May, The Falconer|I'm immortal. You consider the future because one day you'll die. I don't have that uncertainty." - Kiaran
Clint Eastwood|First, I blow a hole in your face; then I go back inside, and sleep like a baby... I guarantee you.
Paul  Lockhart, A Mathematician's Lament: How School Cheats Us Out of Our Most Fascinating and Imaginative Art Form|The thing I want you especially to understand is this feeling of divine revelation. I feel that this structure was "out there" all along I just couldn't see it. And now I can! This is really what keeps me in the math game-- the chance that I might glimpse some kind of secret underlying truth, some sort of message from the gods.
Tamora Pierce, Terrier|Pounce had it easier than any of us. No one noticed a black cat in the street. He stopped here and there to sniff aught of interest. Wherever our Rat stopped, Pounce was there, close enough to see up the Rat's nose. I was so proud. Now there was a proper god, making himself useful!Since my thought might be deemed blasphemy, I said silent prayers to the Goddess and to Mithros. I begged forgiveness and asked them not to misunderstand. Since I wasn't blasted where I stood, I guess they forgave me, or they hadn't heard my blasphemy.
1 Minuto na Palma da Mão|There are 2 types of people on face the difficulty,:1 - Damn it!2 - Challenge accepted!
Eve Forward, Villains by Necessity|I have often wished in vain,' said she, 'for another's judgment to appeal to when I could scarcely trust the direction of my own eye and head, they having been so long occupied with the contemplation of a single object as to become almost incapable of forming a proper idea respecting it.''That,' replied I, 'is only one of many evils to which a solitary life exposes us.
ANIKOR Daniel|There is a part of you that believes you can change someone, but the reality is that you can't. You can change yourself, and others can change themselves, but you can't do it for them.
Erlend Loe, Naïve. Super|We shall never meet, but there is something I want you to know. My time is not the same as your time. Our times are not the same. And do you know what that means? That means that time does not exist. Do you want me to repeat that? There is no time. There is a life and a death. There are people and animals. Our thoughts exist. And the world. The universe, too. But there is no time. You might as well take it easy. Do you feel better now? I feel better. This is going to work out. Have a nice day.
Mae West|People who claim that they're evil are usually no worse than the rest of us... It's people who claim that they're good, or any way better than the rest of us, that you have to be wary of.
Garrison Keillor, Lake Wobegon Days|I can see how I could write a bold account of myself as a passionate man who rose from humble beginnings to cut a wide swath in the world, whose crimes along the way might be written off to extravagance and love and art, and could even almost believe some of it myself on certain days after the sun went down if I’d had a snort or two and was in Los Angeles and it was February and I was twenty-four, but I find a truer account in the Herald-Star, where it says: “Mr. Gary Keillor visited at the home of Al and Florence Crandall on Monday and after lunch returned to St. Paul, where he is currently employed in the radio show business… Lunch was fried chicken with gravy and creamed peas”.
Kiley MacLeod|Humans, I finally decided after a few more minutes of watching him, are paradoxically capable of both unattainable depths of kindness and unimaginable depths of cruelty, sometimes within the same body...
George Orwell, Animal Farm|Be an advocate for the people and causes important to you, using the most powerful tool only you have—your personal stories.
Steven Magee, Electrical Forensics|The human body when kept in an indoor environment of low lux light will not realize that it is daytime, as it cannot sense the increasing levels of daylight that the genetics are accustomed to. As such, by late morning your body may start sending a signal for you to sleep!
Rebecca Solnit, Storming the Gates of Paradise: Landscapes for Politics|One of the marks of our world is perhaps this reversal: we live according to a generalized image-repertoire. Consider the United Sates, where everything is transformed into images: only images exist and are produced and are consumes ... Such a reversal necessarily raises the ethical question: not that the image is immoral, irreligious, or diabolic (as some have declared it, upon the advent of the Photograph), but because, when generalized, it completely de-realizes the human world of conflicts and desires, under cover of illustrating it.
Mimi Jean Pamfiloff, Accidentally Married to...a Vampire?|Some girls have a real sexy giggle, but whenever I laugh it always comes out somewhere between a bellow and a snort!
Liam Neeson|The man with the best job in the country is the vice-president. All he has to do is get up every morning and say, 'How is the president?'
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|By the time she had interpreted Harry's dreams at the top of her voice (all of which, even the ones that involved eating porridge, apparently foretold a gruesome and early death), he was feeling much less sympathetic toward her.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|People never grow up, they just learn how to act in public.
Cedric Nye, Jango's Anthem|The loneliest place to spend eternity is your own life after you can't change it anymore."--Lucifer from Kevin
Aurelio Voltaire Hernández|Goth was sort of the melancholy cousin of punk that says: there's a lot of evil in this world, there's a lot of very mean spirited people and that makes me sad.
Jefferson Bethke, Jesus > Religion: Why He Is So Much Better Than Trying Harder, Doing More, and Being Good Enough|Our job as Christians is to stick so close to Jesus that when people are around us, they sense him.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Language of the Night: Essays on Fantasy and Science Fiction|She liked to imagine that when she passed, the world looked after her, but she also knew how anonymous she was. Except when she was at work, no one knew where she was at any time of day and no one waited for her. It was immaculate anonymity.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Twinkle tiny star.Oh, how great you truly are!God's sign from afar.
Wendy Ely, Jesse's Brother|You can pay for whatever you want, but I just want to warn you that I prefer to stay at places that don’t start or end with the word ‘motel.
Lucy Powell|A writer should express criticism and indignation at the dark side of society and the ugliness of human nature, but we should not use one uniform expression.
Kate Kerrigan, Recipes for a Perfect Marriage|There are lies in tears. The ones we weep most loudly are usually for ourselves, yet how easily we can pass them off as grief.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, No Mercy|You know, there are just some things you never expect to face even on this job. A flying primate that shoots fire out its nose is one of them.
Brené Brown, I Thought It Was Just Me: Women Reclaiming Power and Courage in a Culture of Shame|Courage is a heart word. The root of the word courage is cor - the Latin word for heart. In one of its earliest forms, the word courage meant "To speak one's mind by telling all one's heart." Over time, this definition has changed, and today, we typically associate courage with heroic and brave deeds. But in my opinion, this definition fails to recognize the inner strength and level of commitment required for us to actually speak honestly and openly about who we are and about our experiences -- good and bad. Speaking from our hearts is what I think of as "ordinary courage.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Life isn’t always kind. It isn’t gentle and loving or sympathetic to the pains and sorrows of humanity. I, however, as an individual in control of my own actions, can be kind and loving, gentle and sympathetic to those around me, and in the process improve what life is for everyone.
Shel Silverstein, Where the Sidewalk Ends|I'm Reginald Clark, I'm afraid of the darkSo please do not close this book on me.
James  Dean|In The Land of Poetry and Fighting, Efficiency rules the throne. I try to live here, so I shave my head because hair is dead and dead is inefficient.
Rick Mayhew, Donovan's Law|The nation has been turned upside down and inside out. The country that was once discovered by people seeking religious freedom is now oppressing religious rights. It has been a slow train rumbling down the track of destruction since the 1960's. It started with the removal of the Bible from our public schools. Next the generation known as the 'love generation' opened the door for the approval of sex outside of marriage. For every ten years since then, it's been a slippery slope of materialism, I got mine, what can you do for me, and money is power. "We as a nation have stopped focusing on God and family and replaced them with money and success. Parents are teaching their children to do whatever it takes to get ahead...just don't get caught. If you do, find someone to blame it on.
Chris Dietzel, A Different Alchemy|Acceptance. It sounds so gentle; you foolishly imagine you might try it. As if you could choose. You don’t choose. You plummet into acceptance, because the floor has collapsed beneath your feet.
J.R. Ward, Lover Mine|Indeed, the human mind appeared to suffer from a crippling need to fabricate in the absence of concrete proof.
Aniruddha Sastikar|Suicide is nothing, but an act of depriving the soul from it's very right to liberation.
Mervyn Peake|Gormenghast. Withdrawn and ruinous it broods in umbra: the immemorial masonry: the towers, the tracts. Is all corroding? No. Through an avenue of spires a zephyr floats; a bird whistles; a freshet beats away from a choked river. Deep in a fist of stone a doll's hand wriggles, warm rebellious on the frozen palm. A shadow shifts its length. A spider stirs... And darkness winds between the characters.- Gormenghast
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it." (George Santayana)I've got news for Mr. Santayana: we're doomed to repeat the past no matter what. That's what it is to be alive.
Ron Howard|As goofy as it sounds, I try to sing in the morning. It's hard both to sing and to maintain a grouchy mood, and it sets a happy tone for everyone - particularly in my case, because I'm tone deaf, and my audience finds my singing a source of great hilarity.
Bill Maher|The central fact of biblical history, the birth of the Messiah, more than any other, presupposes the design of Providence in the selecting and uniting of successive producers, and the real, paramount interest of the biblical narratives is concentrated on the various and wondrous fates, by which are arranged the births and combinations of the 'fathers of God.' But in all this complicated system of means, having determined in the order of historical phenomena the birth of the Messiah, there was no room for love in the proper meaning of the word. Love is, of course, encountered in the Bible, but only as an independent fact and not as an instrument in the process of the genealogy of Christ. The sacred book does not say that Abram took Sarai to wife by force of an ardent love, and in any case Providence must have waited until this love had grown completely cool for the centenarian progenitors to produce a child of faith, not of love. Isaac married Rebekah not for love but in accordance with an earlier formed resolution and the design of his father. Jacob loved Rachel, but this love turned out to be unnecessary for the origin of the Messiah. He was indeed to be born of a son of Jacob - Judah - but the latter was the offspring, not of Rachel but of the unloved wife, Leah. For the production in the given generation of the ancestor of the Messiah, what was necessary was the union of Jacob precisely with Leah; but to attain this union Providence did not awaken in Jacob any powerful passion of love for the future mother of the 'father of God' - Judah. Not infringing the liberty of Jacob's heartfelt feeling, the higher power permitted him to love Rachel, but for his necessary union with Leah it made use of means of quite a different kind: the mercenary cunning of a third person - devoted to his own domestic and economic interests - Laban. Judah himself, for the production of the remote ancestors of the Messiah, besides his legitimate posterity, had in his old age to marry his daughter-in-law Tamar. Seeing that such a union was not at all in the natural order of things, and indeed could not take place under ordinary conditions, that end was attained by means of an extremely strange occurrence very seductive to superficial readers of the Bible. Nor in such an occurrence could there be any talk of love. It was not love which combined the priestly harlot Rahab with the Hebrew stranger; she yielded herself to him at first in the course of her profession, and afterwards the casual bond was strengthened by her faith in the power of the new God and in the desire for his patronage for herself and her family. It was not love which united David's great-grandfather, the aged Boaz, with the youthful Moabitess Ruth, and Solomon was begotten not from genuine, profound love, but only from the casual, sinful caprice of a sovereign who was growing old.
Amy Leach, Things That Are|for the first time in an age, he saw the beauty of the stars, rather than the darkness between them.
Joe Dispenza, Breaking The Habit of Being Yourself: How to Lose Your Mind and Create a New One|We should never wait for science to give us permission to do the uncommon; if we do, then we are turning science into another religion.
Masanobu Fukuoka, The One-Straw Revolution|This for many people is what is most offensive about hunting—to some, disgusting: that it encourages, or allows, us not only to kill but to take a certain pleasure in killing. It's not as though the rest of us don't countenance the killing of tens of millions of animals every year. Yet for some reason we feel more comfortable with the mechanical killing practiced, out of view and without emotion by industrial agriculture.
Mark Z. Danielewski, House of Leaves|...and there you have it, another body on the floor surrounded by things that don't mean much to anyone except to the one who can't take any of them along. 
José N. Harris, Mi Vida|Even after three hundred maps have been handed out, Ama and I still melt the moment people switch from being suspicious that we want to sell them something--"Hey? What do you want? Money? Directions?--to realising that we just want to know their stories, their memories, what they love--"Oh, in that case, thanks, sweeties!
Richard Kadrey, Sandman Slim|Fuck you, angel. Fuck you and all God's little prison bitches. He slips you some cigarettes and a con job smile and you run off to do his dirty work for him. Go and scare some sinners. No one's listening to you here.
Noam Chomsky|Israel's demonstration of its military prowess in 1967 confirmed its status as a 'strategic asset,' as did its moves to prevent Syrian intervention in Jordan in 1970 in support of the PLO. Under the Nixon doctrine, Israel and Iran were to be 'the guardians of the Gulf,' and after the fall of the Shah, Israel's perceived role was enhanced. Meanwhile, Israel has provided subsidiary services elsewhere, including Latin America, where direct US support for the most murderous regimes has been impeded by Congress. While there has been internal debate and some fluctuation in US policy, much exaggerated in discussion here, it has been generally true that US support for Israel's militarization and expansion reflected the estimate of its power in the region.The effect has been to turn Israel into a militarized state completely dependent on US aid, willing to undertake tasks that few can endure, such as participation in Guatemalan genocide. For Israel, this is a moral disaster and will eventually become a physical disaster as well. For the Palestinians and many others, it has been a catastrophe, as it may sooner or later be for the entire world, with the growing danger of superpower confrontation.
A.S. Byatt, Babel Tower|But she knew it would never happen. She had no intention of visiting him there. Even if she were open to the idea, as Mom and Dad both hoped she would be, the mathematics of it seemed utterly impossible to her. What was she supposed to do, spend Christmas there and Easter here? See her dad every other holiday and one week during the summer, just enough to glimpse his new life in fragments, tiny slivers of a world she had no part in? And all the while missing out on those moments of her mom’s life—her mom, who’d done nothing to deserve to spend Christmas alone?That, it seemed to Hadley, was no way to live. Perhaps if there were more time, or if time were more malleable; if she could be both places at once, live parallel lives; or, simpler yet, if Dad would just come home. Because as far as she was concerned, there was no in-between: She wanted all or nothing, illogically, irrationally, even though something inside of her knew that nothing would be too hard, and all was impossible.
Ken Kesey|One of the dumbest things you were ever taught was to write what you know. Because what you know is usually dull. Remember when you first wanted to be a writer? Eight or ten years old, reading about thin-lipped heroes flying over mysterious viny jungles toward untold wonders? That's what you wanted to write about, about what you didn't know. So. What mysterious time and place don't we 
Chuck Norris|All experience is an arch, to build upon.
Debasish Mridha|I dream my life, and then l live in my dreams.
Wole Soyinka, Climate of Fear: The Quest for Dignity in a Dehumanized World|I am a cypher...I carry no weight, no worth, no influence. I represent nothing. I do not exist.
Jeaniene Frost, This Side of the Grave|The 1st day, I stood in the kitchen leaning against the counter watching Annie feed the cats, and I knew I wanted to do that forever.
Jerry Springer|I've never believed much in that holding hands kind of love. I've always thought that love is about two different personalities trying to confront life, trying to make sense of their responsibilities, to themselves, to each other, and to the wider society.
Keigo Higashino|...that the decline in reading among children was largely the fault of their parents. Parents these days don't read books, themselves, but they feel they should make their children read. Since they aren't readers, however, they have no idea what to give their children. That's why they cling to the recommendations from the Ministry of Education. Those books are all insufferably boring and, as a result, the kids learn to hate books. It's a vicious cycle with no end in sight.
V.E. Schwab, A Darker Shade of Magic|Well, if my crime is love, then I am indeed guilty
Richard Rohr, Falling Upward: A Spirituality for the Two Halves of Life|I'm not going to be hardened by these people, to these things, I'm not going to let them destroy my feelings or my emotions.
Terry Spear, Between a Wolf and a Hard Place|Unless the she-wolf agrees, there’s always a chance of rejection.
Howard Dunkley, The EF76 Strain: The Complete Narrative|Eche, eche, AB32, CD54, EF76, Amanda thought as she kissed Steven. At any moment, she would either kill or transform him.
Nafisa Joseph|I wake up some mornings and sit and have my coffee and look out at my beautiful garden, and I go, 'Remember how good this is. Because you can lose it.'
Matt      Chandler|I’m feeling very thin and vulnerable, in a good way.
David Levithan, How They Met, and Other Stories|Music is everywhere. It’s in the air between us, waiting to be sung.
Kelly R. Michaels, Prince of the Vale|Caelfel squared her shoulders. “I’m not afraid.”Geri turned away. “Good, because if you were, you are definitely in the wrong place.
Michelle M. Pillow, Determined Prince|I first witnessed the paranormal at the tender age of eight. This experience unlocked a doorway to a world full of unexplained mysteries, miraculous insights, and terrifying ghostly visits that have spanned a lifetime. Join me as I explore these stories…one book at a time.” ~L. Sydney Fisher
Adlai E. Stevenson II|Speaking as a Christian, I find the Apostle Paul appealing and the apostle Peale appalling.
Lynda Cheldelin Fell|Just as it is impossible to explain childbirth to a woman who has never given birth, it is impossible to explain child loss to a person who has never lost a child.
Steven Wright|I think that art is still a site for resistance and for the telling of various stories, for validating certain subjectivities we normally overlook. I'm trying to be affective, to suggest changes, and to resist what I feel are the tyrannies of social life on a certain level.
Isaac Newton|Being that 'reason is not antithetical to faith' (Woods) and that Pentecost established the Reality of super-nature (Lewis) and that 'theology matters' (Wimber), then 'empowered evangelicalism' (Nathan) is the natural expression of discipleship."~R. Alan Woods [2013]
Kamal Khanzada|If you can't do it today, You can not do it in your whole life! Do it NOW!
Tony DeLiso, Legacy: The Power Within|Keep your best wishes, close to your heart and watch what happens
Stephen Covey|I used to measure myself against other people, but I always came up short. Now, I try to figure out what I really want, and measure myself against that.
Christina Engela, For Love of Leelah|If you're in your 20s now, by the time you're 75, you'll be able to live 'til you're 150. By the time you're 150 you'll be able to live 'til you're 300. See you at your 1000th birthday party!
Peter S. Beagle, Tamsin|Ghosts,” Doktor Messerli continued, “aren’t always the spirits of the human dead bound to the earth. A ghost can be the residual feeling that follows an act you have accomplished but feel bad about. Or the act itself. Something you’ve been or done that you cannot escape.
Alexandra Potter, Do You Come Here Often?|...when you decide you want to be with someone forever, you want forever to start right now.
Eli Of Kittim, The Little Book of Revelation: The First Coming of Jesus at the End of Days|The medieval period based its scriptural exegesis upon the Vulgate translation of the Bible. There was no authorized version of this text, despite the clear need for a standardized text that had been carefully checked against its Hebrew and Greek originals. A number of versions of the text were in circulation, their divergences generally being overlooked. It was not until 1592 than an 'official' version of the text was produced by the church authorities, sensitive to the challenges to the authority of the Vulgate by Renaissance humanist scholars and Protestant theologians.
Ben Fountain|It's not only children who grow. Parents do too. As much as we watch to see what our children do with their lives, they are watching us to see what we do with ours. I can't tell my children to reach for the sun. All I can do is reach for it, myself.
Terry Tempest Williams, When Women Were Birds: Fifty-four Variations on Voice|It’s easy to point out someone else’s mistake, harder to recognize your own. Especially because most people—except the lucky few like ourselves—are forced to live with their mistakes. So they learn to justify their mistakes, build on them, until they can look back and convince themselves that their mistake was inevitable all along, a good choice, in fact. An unwed teenage mother can look back at her unexpected pregnancy fondly six years down the road once the child’s out of her hair and in school all day. She wouldn’t dare go back and fix that mistake because it’s become part of her life.
Martin O'Malley|It took a while to learn to eat healthy on road. It's really hard. Really, really hard. But on the bus, I can use the stovetop in the morning to make a veggie scramble. And have lots and lots and lots of coffee. I try to have protein for dinner so I have energy for the show.
Julie Klassen|Where has God promised to fulfill our every whim according to the minutia of our earthly desires? Where has He promised to keep us from suffering or disappointment? Things He did not spare His own Son? You were raised in one of the finest manors in the borough, by a man and woman who could not have loved you better. You have been given the best education, the best of everything. You are of sound mind and limb, and yet you dare to rail at God? I for one grow weary of it. Now leave off simpering like an ungrateful brat and make something of this new life you've been given.
Bianca McCormick-Johnson, "I'm G.O.O.D.":|Don't be afraid to take risks, for you take them every day without realizing it. I'd rather fail at trying something new or different than to lose just for not trying at all.
William Shakespeare, Richard III|Ultimately it is the Christian attitude which is self-interested and hedonistic, since the aim is always to get away from the painful struggle of earthly life and find eternal peace in some kind of Heaven or Nirvana. The humanist attitude is that the struggle must continue and that death is the price of life.
Joanna Faber, How to Talk so Little Kids Will Listen: A Survival Guide to Life with Children Ages 2-7|Even the kids, behind the slice of streetscape floating in the glass, had mastered the art of pretending not to see.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Love keeps my heart warm.,
Lenang Manggala, Perempuan Dalam Hujan: Sealbum Puisigrafi|Plato, along with the latest pope, recognised how dangerous it is to have an artist around making mischief, stirring things up with the spoon of truth and intoxicant of fantasy and magic. And so, for crossing the line, and for stealing God’s fire, artists were banned, imprisoned, condemned, silenced, killed – they always would be, these sometimes Christs of the page.
Erich Fromm|When you take a solemn oath your heart and soul listens, then perception of consciousness and unity comes.
S.R. Crawford, No Secrets: Eternity series|…I bet I’ll haunt your dreams tonight. I just wan’ed to paint a picture in your head. I wan’ed you to see me as the monster I can often be. You see, you are what you allow people to know ‘bout you. Truth or lies or some combination of the two, is what makes you who you are. So, you don’t know me yet. But what I need you to know about me for now, is that I can’t be trusted.
Purba Chakraborty|We are all watching and not knowing what to do because when grown-ups cry, it's not like you can ask them what's wrong, or tell them to shut up; there are just no words for a grown-up's tears.
Debasish Mridha|When you smile, you bloom.
V.C. Andrews, Flowers in the Attic|I thought of the new stone, of my new wife, and of the newly buried white bones beneath us, and I felt that fate had made sport of us all.
Harrish Sairaman|If love is EVERYTHING, you are missing out a whole spectrum of emotions and would want to end life if there is no love!
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring|I lay in bed that night, a first-time drunkard at seven years of age, pondering the punishment I knew would arrive on callused palms. In the forest, as if sensing my plight, wolves howled nocturnal laments. The magnificent lunar lullabies of my lupine brethren wooed me into a deep and cleansing sleep.
Adolf Hitler, The Political Testament Of Adolf Hitler: Recorded By Martin Bormann|Once you become aware that the main business that you are here for is to know God, most of life's problems fall into place of their own accord.
Toni Sorenson|No matter where you are along life’s path, your next step is your first step.
Christopher Hitchens|On page 605, Blumenthal says that 'I made friends with Hitchens's friends the novelists Martin Amis and Salman Rushdie.' True in its way. I particularly remember the occasion when he called me up and invited me to dinner with Dick Morris, but only on condition that I brought Rushdie (who was staying in my house) along with me. No Rushdie: no invitation. So I never did get to meet Dick Morris.
Lorri Faye|Achieving your goals depends more on the way you manage to push through the bad days, than shine on the good ones.
Aldous Huxley|I am following Nature without being able to grasp her, I perhaps owe having become a painter to flowers.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|The challenge is never based on the size of the obstacle that stands before me. Rather, it is dictated by the degree of faith that rests within me.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Lord of the Rings: Apocalyptic Prophecies|Tolkien did admit that, 'As a guide, I had only my own feelings for what is appealing or moving.' In other words ~ he wrote about what interested him ~ and despite his protestation of including anything allegorical into his tale, Catholic history and mystic prophecy obviously received its fair share of attention ...
Mark F. LaMoure|When you step up to being excellent, use hard work and determination as the powerful force they are. By also being devoted and persistent, over time it will reward you with sparkling success.
Michelle Franklin, I Hate Summer: My tribulations with seasonal depression, anxiety, plumbers, spiders, neighbours, and the world.|Books are an absolute necessity. I always have at least two with me wherever I go, to say nothing of my digital collection, and whenever I can get my hands on a delicious new reading piece, I will finish it at a slackened pace, to savour it with all the esteem it deserves, gratulating in its pleasance, deliciating in every word with ardent affection. I have an extensive library that I could never do without, and there are at least four books decorating every surface in my house. A table is not properly set without a book to furnish it. Half of my great collection is non-fiction, mostly science and history books, ranging from the archaeological to the agricultural, and my fiction section is dedicated to the classics, mostly books published before the world forgot about exquisite prose. I have all the greats in hardcover, but I do not read those: hardcover is for smelling and touching only. For all my favourite authors, I have reading copies, which I might take with me anywhere, to read in cafes or to be used as a swatting tool for unwanted visitors, but books are always fashionable even as ornaments; everyone likes a reader, for a good collection of books betrays a intellectualism that is becoming at anytime. Never succumb to the friable wills of those who reject the majesty of books: there is nothing so repelling as willful illiteracy.
Isaac Asimov|Many years later he looked through one of my books and said, "How did you learn all this, Isaac?""From you, Pappa", I said."From me? I don't know any of this"."You didn't have to, Pappa", I said. "You valued learning and you taught me to value it. Once I learned to value it, the rest came without trouble."- Isaac Asimov (Isaak Yudovich Ozimov). It's been a good life.
Alexandra Robbins|One of the most difficult speeches to prepare is an address to a graduation class, which is why I don't often do them.
Jean Nouvel|The essential function of art is moral. But a passionate, implicit morality, not didactic. A morality which changes the blood, rather than the mind.
Kirtida Gautam, #iAm16iCan|Think or don't think, but don't think that you are thinking when you are postulating.
Carrie Newcomer|The attributes of a great lady may still be found in the rule of the four S's: Sincerity, Simplicity, Sympathy and Serenity.
Foster "Raul" Mkhabele|You always lose a lot of money chasing after women, but you will never lose a lot of women chasing after money
Ian McEwan, Atonement|It was not their irritating assumption of equality that annoyed Nicholai so much as their cultural confusions. The Americans seemed to confuse standard of living with quality of life, equal opportunity with institutionalized mediocrity, bravery with courage, machismo with manhood, liberty with freedom, wordiness with articulation, fun with pleasure - in short, all of the misconceptions common to those who assume that justice implies equality for all, rather than equality for equals.
Harry Seidler|I started collecting aerial photographs of Native American and South Pacific architecture; only the African ones were fractal. And if you think about it, all these different societies have different geometric design themes that they use. So Native Americans use a combination of circular symmetry and fourfold symmetry.
Christopher  Gerard, Talon: A Jack Rawson Saga|Few celebrate a dog who jumps at people as they approach--but start with the premise that it is we who keep ourselves (and our faces) unbearably far away, and we can come to a mutual understanding.
Bethany Wiggins, The Dragon's Price|I do not see how my agreeing to marry a scruffy old brute will have the power to keep a fire-breathing dragon locked beneath a mountain. And if I don’t agree to marry him, will I truly be fed to the dragon? That is savage, and inhumane, and crazy.
Mehmet Murat ildan|He honestly believed, for an instant, that what he'd heard was music-a tune piped, a burble of notes, a little scrap of melody floating by on wind and breaking his heart.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Leaders don't pray to God for money. They simply ask for His grace to solve problems. By solving problems, the money comes.
Kristiane Backer, From MTV to Mecca: How Islam Inspired My Life|The words of the Quran all seemed strangely familiar yet so unlike anything I had ever read before,’ he told us. He embraced Islam in 1977, and changed his name to Yusuf, the Arabic for Joseph. ‘I identified with the story of Joseph in the Quran,’ he said. ‘His brothers sold him like goods in the market place.’ Yusuf felt the music business had treated him not like an artist but as a commodity.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|Bullying is an attack upon the runts of the litter - the weak of the species, and it is predicated on a lack of bond with the parents. If a child has a secure bond with the parents, that forms a force-field around the child in terms of bullying. If the child does not have a strong bond with the parents, then it's like being separated from the herd - those are the ones who get picked off by the human predators in childhood and adulthood. So keep your contacts as close as you can, they provide an amazing shield against bullies and users.
Mayur Ramgir|Let the sun shine on the darkness created by my Ignorance. One World One identity. peace, liberty, and justice for all.
Dean Koontz, Brother Odd|In all well-organised brains, the predominating idea—and there always is one—is sure to be the last thought before sleeping, and the first upon waking in the morning. Andrea had scarcely opened his eyes when his predominating idea presented itself, and whispered in his ear that he had slept too long.
Mark Strand|Nobody sees it happening, but the architecture of our timeIs becoming the architecture of the next time. And the dazzleOf light upon the waters is as nothing beside the changesWrought therein, just as our waywardness meansNothing against the steady pull of things over the edge.Nobody can stop the flow, but nobody can start it either.Time slips by; our sorrows do not turn into poems,And what is invisible stays that way. Desire has fled,Leaving only a trace of perfume in its wake,And so many people we loved have gone,And no voice comes from outer space, from the foldsOf dust and carpets of wind to tell us that thisIs the way it was meant to happen, that if only we knewHow long the ruins would last we would never complain.
Richard Paul Evans|The truest grace is not to forgive, but to have never found fault.
Aaron Eckhart|In those days, boxing was very glamorous and romantic. You listened to fights on the radio, and a good announcer made it seem like a contest between gladiators.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|God promises you a way out. Find that way out, and take it.
Sam Miller, A Strange Kind of Paradise: India Through Foreign Eyes|Kashayam [was] a drink the vanaras had morning, noon and night, and a few times in between. It was a kind of brew with all kinds of herbs thrown in: the thick, sharp-tasting furry karpuravalli, the strong spicy tulsi, the slightly bitter bark of the coconut tree, pungent pepper roots, the breathcatching nellikai, the cool root of vetriver, and just about anything else that was considered edible. And some things that weren’t. In their craze for novelty, vanaras sometimes flung in new kinds of leaves or berries just because they smelt interesting; whole families had been known to fall ill, or even die. Gind’s family were not a very adventurous lot, and stuck to things they knew not to be poisonous. Still, every day’s kashayam was different, and this was a great topic of conversation among the vanaras.
Cheryl L. Ilov|Why isn't the manuscript ready? Because every book is more work than anyone intended. If authors and editors knew, or acknowledged, how much work was ahead, fewer contracts would be signed. Each book, before the contract, is beautiful to contemplate. By the middle of the writing, the book has become, for the author, a hate object. For the editor, in the middle of editing, it has become a two-ton concrete necklace. However, both author and editor will recover the gleam in their eyes when the work is completed, and see the book as the masterwork it really is.
Sanober  Khan|Once in a while i am struckall over again... by just how blue the sky appears .. on wind-played autumn mornings, blue enoughto bruise a heart.
Susan Glaspell|I had more friends on my hockey team than I did on my soccer team. I might have been better at soccer, to be honest. But I think it was more the friendship, and my family was more of a hockey family than a soccer family, so when I had to make a decision, I tried hockey, and it turned out to be a good decision.
Heather Locklear|Save a boyfriend for a rainy day - and another, in case it doesn't rain.
Billie Joe Armstrong|There are going to be good times and bad times, but lighten up.
William Goldman, Adventures in the Screen Trade|Writing is finally about one thing: going into a room alone and doing it. Putting words on paper that have never been there in quite that way before. And although you are physically by yourself, the haunting Demon never leaves you, that Demon being the knowledge of your own terrible limitations, your hopeless inadequacy, the impossibility of ever getting it right. No matter how diamond-bright your ideas are dancing in your brain, on paper they are earthbound.
Robert Whitaker, Anatomy of an Epidemic: Magic Bullets, Psychiatric Drugs, and the Astonishing Rise of Mental Illness in America|Everyone wanted me to feed them that story—darkness to light, weakness to strength, broken to whole. I wanted it, too.
Woodson Merrell, The Detox Prescription: Supercharge Your Health, Strip Away Pounds, and Eliminate the Toxins Within|We forget that we humans are animals, inextricably connected to the world and everything in it. In the rush to bring GMO food to the world because it was good for us, nobody had asked the question whether it would be good for the world.
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|Lord, help us root our feet to the earthAnd our eyes to the roadAnd always remember the fallen angelsWho, attempting to soar,Were seared instead by the sun and, wings melting,Came crashing back to the sea.Lord, help root my eyes to the earthAnd stay my eyes to the roadSo I may never stumble.)
Jerry Hirschfield, The Twelve Steps for Everyone: Who Really Wants Them|1.	We admitted we were powerless over our emotions, that our lives had become unmanageable.2.	Came to believe that a Power greater than ourselves could restore us to sanity.3.	Made a decision to turn our will and our lives over to the care of God as we understood Him.4.	Made a searching and fearless moral inventory of ourselves.5.	Admitted to God, to ourselves and to another human being the exact nature of our wrongs.6.	Were entirely ready to have God remove all these defects of character.7.	Humbly asked Him to remove our shortcomings.8.	Made a list of all persons we had harmed, and became willing to make amends to them all.9.	Made direct amends to such people wherever possible, except when to do so would injure them or others.10.	Continued to take personal inventory and when we were wrong promptly admitted it.11.	Sought through prayer and meditation to improve our conscious contact with God as we understood Him, praying only for knowledge of His will for us and the power to carry that out.12.	Having had a spiritual awakening as the result of these steps, we tried to carry this message to emotionally and mentally ill persons and to practice these principles in all our affairs.
Danielle Fishel|I like to have a massage therapist come to my house, get a massage, take a bath, go to bed. That's a perfect night alone for me.
Richard  Beck, Reviving Old Scratch: Demons and the Devil for Doubters and the Disenchanted|Being a parent is joyful, but it's also haunted by the specter of loss.
Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera|She would walk through the kitchen at any hour, whenever she was hungry, and put her fork in the pots and eat a little of everything without placing anything on a plate, standing in front of the stove, talking to the serving women, who were the only ones with whom she felt comfortable, the ones she got along with best.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|It seems a peculiar thing when I go to fill my own cup; it remains empty as if the liquid evaporates as soon as it touches the glass. Yet when I reach to top off the cups of others, my own spills over. This is the crazy magic of charity.
Susan C. Foster, It's Not Rocket Science: Leading, Motivating and Inspiring Your Team To Be Their Best|Meet your people where they are. They may not be as good as they can be, but they are as good as they believe they can be. They are waiting for you to lead them.
Dolls Bowman, Seasons of a Single Girl|Never give up! With every step you take in your journey, you are forming your dreams.
Anita R. Sneed-Carter|Time is precious, so use it wisely in every area of your life including having a relationship with God through"The Door", Jesus Christ! No one knows how much time that they have to live, so don't allow time to run out on you!
Christopher Herz, Pharmacology|Soon, nobody was leaving their cubicles to talk anymore, and we were either e-mailing each other random thoughts or scheduling meetings, or speaking over an instant message chat.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|We wake up to be alive and to revive our lives; we don’t wake up to keep sleeping! We wake up not just to be alive, but also to keep our works alive and mind the business of the day! When you wake up, revive your work! Sometimes you may just feel reluctant to do something when day breaks, but you must remember that there is always something that needs to be done when day breaks, for each day we meet as we journey in life comes with its own agenda! He who fails to know the real reasons why day breaks shall always abuse the real and true essence of each day, knowingly or unknowingly! Be alive when you wake up and do something with all your might when day breaks for you surely leave a footprint each day you wake up! When you wake up, wake up!
Lauren Groff, Fates and Furies|Tell me, why did Lotto write a war play? Because works about war always trump works about emotions, even if the smaller, more domestic plays are better written, smarter, more interesting. The war stories are the ones that gets the prizes. But your husband's voice is strongest when he speaks most quietly and clearly.
Michael Pollan, In Defense of Food: An Eater's Manifesto|(We loved Mother too, completely, but we were finding out, as Father was too, that it is good for parents and for children to be alone now and then with one another...the man alone or the woman, to sound new notes in the mysterious music of parenthood and childhood.)That night I not only saw my Father for the first time as a person. I saw the golden hills and the live oaks as clearly as I have ever seen them since; and I saw the dimples in my little sister's fat hands in a way that still moves me because of that first time; and I saw food as something beautiful to be shared with people instead of as a thrice-daily necessity.
Saurabh Sharma|Fantasy and drama appeal to us. They are socially acceptable and make you feel good about yourself. Moreover, you get rewarded for being cleverly ignorant.
Paolo Bacigalupi, The Drowned Cities|You are a Chosen Man. You are Parmenion, the Death of Nations. A hundred thousand souls will yousend to the dark river, screaming and wailing, lamenting their fate. It is right and just that youshould know your choices.
Michelle Cruz-Rosado|When you are like the tree, there is oneness with the Earth, Sun and Moon, but still steadfast in your purpose.
Shauna Niequist, Bittersweet: Thoughts on Change, Grace, and Learning the Hard Way|When life is sweet, say thank you and celebrate. And when life is bitter, say thank you and grow.
Shannon Noelle Long, Second Coming|But friendship meant you at least planted the seed for them, love meant allowing them the ability to weed their own garden until it was something healthy and thriving, blooming and bright and smelling of heather and tiger lilies.
John Paul Warren|She never says gracias because life is made of survival not grace, she says, and servants are paid to bring what they're asked.
Jamie Scallion, Losing It|Go back to the band, Egg. Please.” - Bex
Kate Moretti, The Vanishing Year|Henry and I have always talked about partnership, working together to make things work. He's always said he'd never divorce. That divorced rich men are inevitably poor men. That any marriage can be fixed, that love fluctuates.
James Scott, Senior Fellow, Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology|After Congress passed SJ Res 34, we are no longer merely battling a cyber-kinetic war on all fronts, we are now in a state of perpetual cyber-kinetic-meta war, and there will be no end.
Charles Givens|To design the future effectively, you must first let go of your past.
Nick Lowe|A series of rumors about my attitude, as well as derogatory remarks about myself and my family showed me that the personal resentment of the Detroit general manager toward me would make it impossible for me to continue playing hockey in Detroit.
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|You have to create your self-belief by going to your core to find the probable reasons for the negativity in you, and then demolish them.
Simona Panova, Nightmarish Sacrifice|Have a look around, my pretty, we are surrounded by Death in all forms – just the two of us are still alive –
Raven K. Asher, The Invisible Butterfly|When you have those moments just think of me, call or text me when you feel weak and I will always be there for you. Nothing about this will be easy, life is hard, we just feel it more than most because our souls have been broken and are raw.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|No one is perfect and we all make mistakes, but not all of us admit to mistakes made.
Gertrude Atherton, The Bell in the Fog & Other Stories|The amusements of life, he argued, should be accepted with the same philosophy as its ills. ("The Striding Place")
Ellen Hopkins, Burned|Choices are exhibited through the notions of free will,temptation challenges them.
Robert Bolt, A Man for All Seasons|We imagine always when we speak that it is our own ears, our own mind, that are listening. The truth which one puts into one's words does not carve out a direct path for itself, it is not irresistibly self-evident. A considerable time must elapse before a truth of the same order can take shape in them.
Arthur Schnitzler, Später Ruhm: Novelle|The bigger the star, the bigger the target.
Katandra Jackson Nunnally, Carnal Sobriety|Life is a delicate dance. We live in a society that governs we all get along. The invisible fine print, the unwritten rules and regulations state that we appease to each other's nature and in doing so, we by nature, seek to please.
R. Y.S. Perez, I Hope You Fall in Love: Poetry Collection|I will never ask of you the impossible, I just ask you to love me in the best way you can.
S.E. Cupp|When women turn on women, and take cheap shots at their decisions purely to score political points it serves as proof that feminism, as a movement, is dead and no longer relevant or credible.
Meredith T. Taylor|There, amongst the angry water was the glow of green eyes, hundreds of them encompassed the entire area...We were completely and totally surrounded. They all hung just below the water waiting for a sign to attack. There was no hope. We would all perish...
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Bear it in mind that tomorrow must also have its own brand of assignments. Shifting today’s work to tomorrow is an inevitable step towards massing up difficult tasks for yourself, whose risk of leading into failure is high.
Lloyd Alexander|People respect those who know how to admit their own mistakes and see their own weaknesses. If you heart is as transparent as crystal, people will respect you.
Kirsten Hubbard, Wanderlove|But what I do know is this: you got to find your own places. The places you get, girl, the ones that stick in your heart. And if you’re lucky, you find people to share them with.
Warren G. Bennis, Organizing Genius: The Secrets of Creative Collaboration|Too many companies believe people are interchangeable. Truly gifted people never are. They have unique talents. Such people cannot be forced into roles they are not suited for, nor should they be. Effective leaders allow great people to do the work they were born to do.
Christopher Hitchens|In the same essay, Said (who is reviewing Peter Stansky and William Abrams, co-authors obsessed with the Blair/Orwell distinction) congratulates them on their forceful use of tautology:This is rather extraordinary. Orwell did indeed meet Garrett in Liverpool in 1936, and was highly impressed to find that he knew him already through his pseudonymous writing—under the name Matt Lowe—for John Middleton Murry’s Adelphi. As he told his diary:Thus the evidence that supposedly shames Orwell by contrast is in fact supplied by—none other than Orwell himself! This is only slightly better than the other habit of his foes, which is to attack him for things he quotes other people as saying, as if he had instead said them himself. (The idea that a writer must be able to ‘afford’ to write is somewhat different and, as an idea, is somewhat—to use a vogue term of the New Left—‘problematic’. If it were only the bourgeois who were able to write, much work would never have been penned and, incidentally, Orwell would never have met Garrett in the first place.)
Anthony  Ryan, The Waking Fire|Why does God ask traumatized people to look at the trauma they initiated through their sin and rebellion? For the same reason God asks us to: it is the truth, and we are free only when we lift up the truth.
Lauren Willig, The Secret History of the Pink Carnation|It would be, like all of Pammy's parties, hot and crowded and filled with impossibly glamorous people with hip bones so sharp they could qualify as concealed weapons.
John Steinbeck, Of Mice and Men|Even still, we run. We have not reached our average of 57.92 years without knowing that you run through it, and it hurts and you run through it some more, and if it hurts worse, you run through it even more, and when you finish, you will have broken through. In the end, when you are done, and stretching, and your heartbeat slows, and your sweat dries, if you've run through the hard part, you will remember no pain.
Ray Palla, H: Infidels of Oil|I swear if Washington moved any slower, we could be at war and it would all be over before they could even lift their sluggish, naked, dead asses off of their comfortable heated-seat toilets. -Fitzhugh to Captain Jeeter
Denis Diderot|All things must be examined, debated, investigated without exception and without regard for anyone's feelings.
Clint Van Winkle, Soft Spots: A Marine's Memoir of Combat and Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder|I missed the war and the freedom that came with it. When you are that close to death, you feel free. Every breath you take could be your last. So you inhale and savor each breath, try not to think about your death even though signs of it are all around you. The freedom comes from knowing that if anybody gives you crap, you can eliminate them and the situation. Just shoot and get it over with.
L.T. Gibbons, Project Ark|Everything not forbidden by the laws of nature, he assured her - quoting a colleague down the hall - is mandatory.
William Hazlitt|If you ever find happiness by hunting for it, you will find it, as the old woman did her lost spectacles, safe on her own nose all the time.
Robert Goolrick|A book can be as dangerous as a sword in the right hands, said Haldon.
Clarice Lispector, The Complete Stories|Meeting Hettie again made him achingly conscious once more of the irrefutable nature of his obsession with her. Obsession - or love? Or was it something more unhealthy - a kind of craving, an addiction?
John Frusciante|Brevity is the best recommendation of speech, whether in a senator or an orator.
Abhijit Naskar, Biopsy of Religions: Neuroanalysis Towards Universal Tolerance|God is created by the brain and can also be destroyed by the brain. But this way ‘Love’ doesn’t exist either, because it also is the result of molecular interaction within the brain. Love is a result of complex and mind-blowing interactions between neurotransmitters like Oxytocin, Dopamine, Serotonin, Endorphins and the reward center of the brain. Does this mean we should downright stop loving our family or friends? Since there is no existence of actual ‘Love’, should we just deny what our heart feels for our beloved ones? Whatever the answer is, the same goes for the faith upon divine existence. Only one thing to remember – Love gives life, so should faith.
Keith Kekic, Chloe of the Night|I could hear the chaotic laughter trailing behind me. It turned the ageless trees into a menace. They loomed around me, while hiding him. The branches tore at my skin in an effort to bind me, while weeds sought to shackle my ankles, so that I could go no further. The pain they caused was minor, when I compared it to the searing inferno at my core.
Jessica Gadziala, Into The Green|Jasper felt the sadness then. A strong sensation of being pulled underwater, of being helpless to do anything but sink. Further into the despair. Until it completely surrounded you. Until every breath you took was just swallowing more pain. Until you were in so deep that there wasn't any hope of ever breaking the surface again.
Diane Kruger|A lot of legends, a lot of people, have come before me. But this is my time.
R.M. ArceJaeger|One species on the planet, and one species only, has reached the point of being able to have an impact on the evolutionary fortunes of all other species and upon the functioning of all ecosystems. We also have, in a way that is not true for any other species, a relationship to the planet as a whole and to the future. We live with all life.
George R.R. Martin, The Pear Shaped Man|It’s bad enough to love someone who don’t love you, but to have them told of it is perfectly awful. It makes me wild just to think of it. Ah, Fan, I’m getting so ill tempered and envious and wicked, I don’t know what will happen to me. - Polly
Steven L. Sheppard, Byblis And Caunus|Look past our kinship, and towards a romantic relationship!
Linda F. Radke|Write what you know best. If you can't survive a cross-examination from a lawyer on the subject, you won't survive an interview with a journalist or anchorperson." Linda Radke, President of Five Star Publications.
Nipsey Russell|Americans see democracy as a remedy for all ills-to be taken three times daily like prescription medicine. It works for them. Ergo - it should work for the world. What America naïvely forgets is that for democracy to function, most of a populace must have something personally that is worth preserving.
Tessa Dare, Romancing the Duke|Time falls on us, like rain, it falls like rain until we drown in it, and sometimes, it's like the drains overflow, and time just - pools up, it seeps, it gathers in the corners.
Elie Wiesel|The essence of America - that which really unites us - is not ethnicity, or nationality or religion - it is an idea - and what an idea it is: That you can come from humble circumstances and do great things.
Corneliu Zelea Codreanu, For My Legionaries|I grew up in an atmosphere tinged with militarism, and afterwards I spent five boring years within the sound of bugles. To this day it gives me a faint feeling of sacrilege not to stand to attention during ‘God save the King’. That is childish, of course, but I would sooner have had that kind of upbringing than be like the left-wing intellectuals who are so ‘enlightened’ that they cannot understand the most ordinary emotions.
E.F. Benson, Lucia in London|It seemed at moments, when I sat alone in the dark stateroom, that the sky had come down the meet the sea and some great secret was to be revealed.
Sri Chinmoy, The Jewels of Happiness: Inspiration and Wisdom to Guide Your Life-Journey|The things that most deserve our gratitude we just take for granted. Without air we cannot live for more than a minute or two. Everyday we are breathing in and breathing out, but do we ever feel grateful to the air? If we do not drink water, we cannot survive. Even our body is composed to a large extent of water.But do we give any value to water? Every morning when we open our eyes, we see the sun blessingfully offering us light and life-energy, which we badly need. But are we grateful to the sun?
Sinclair Lewis, Main Street|Nobody else is wearing anything even remotely like it.'Magnus cast a disparaging look around at all the fashion-challenged sailors. 'I feel sorry for them, of course, but I do not see why that observation should alter my current extremely stylish course of action.
Patti Smith|Please, no matter how we advance in technology please don't abandon the book-there is nothing in our material world more beautiful than a book.
Kristen Ashley, Law Man|This was getting bloody ridiculous, he thought savagely. If she became any more adorable, endearing, or delectable, something was going to get broken.Most likely his heart.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|In this life, you have winners and losers. the more you win, the higher you go.
Stephen Richards|Many wealthy people donate, and while the skeptical may claim that they do so for tax breaks, there is another reason involved … as a spiritual practice.
Susan Engberg|Even when the moon shrinks and disappears, it shows itself again gradually. When ancient people saw that eternal cycle of death and recovery, they prayed to the moon for their own rebirth. Rebirth. Will I be reborn? ... If I were reborn, what would I become?
Søren Kierkegaard|She yanked her hand away as if he had burned her, rubbing her palm along her thigh. The feeling didn’t go away, and neither did the butterflies he had sent winging in her stomach. “How do you know you’re not a vampire?” She needed to distract him, distract both of them. “Maybe you forgot. You’re certainly capable of acting like one.” This time he laughed, startling both of them. The sound was husky, low, and foreign to his ears, as if he had forgotten what it was like. His black eyes leapt to her face almost in fear. “Not bad, wild man. First a growl, and now a laugh. We’re making progress.” Her eyes danced at him, reassured him.
Jeff Foxworthy|Well, the most terrible fear that anybody should have is not war, is not a disease, not cancer or heart problems or food poisoning - it's a man or a woman without a sense of humor.
Sunday Adelaja|I am a man of principles, and my first principle is flexibility.
Frank Sinatra|I believe in you and me. I'm like Albert Schweitzer and Bertrand Russell and Albert Einstein in that I have a respect for life -- in any form. I believe in nature, in the birds, the sea, the sky, in everything I can see or that there is real evidence for. If these things are what you mean by God, then I believe in God. But I don't believe in a personal God to whom I look for comfort or for a natural on the next roll of the dice.
