George Saunders|[P]eople think of compassion as, like, kindness. The image comes to mind of some nice New Age guy bending to something with a look on his face like he’s about to cry. And I don’t think that’s it. I think of it more as a quality of openness that comes with being in a state of unusual attentiveness.
Namkhai Norbu, Dzogchen: The Self-Perfected State|If you could go back and change just one thing about your life, would you? and if you did, would that change make your life better? Or would that change ultimately break your heart? or break the heart of another? would you choose an entirely different path? or would you change just one thing? just one moment. one moment that you always wanted back.
EverSkeptic|When the value of a relation gets lower than the amount of thought and time needed to maintain or resurrect them, It withers away.
Dejan Stojanovic, Circling: 1978-1987|Deliver thunder, GodIf you choose not to talk.
|No matter how dark your current phase of life is, never stop believing that bigger and better blessings are already on the way.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|In mystical terms, the law of attraction specifies that you will attract to yourself those experiences that match your beliefs.
Alok Jagawat|Have compassion and forgive the mistakes of others. If you cannot forgive ignore but never hate them, because hatred will always lead to destruction.
Ian McEwan, Sweet Tooth|When people have told me that because I am a Catholic, I cannot be an artist, I have had to reply, ruefully, that because I am a Catholic I cannot afford to be less than an artist.
William Paul Young, The Shack|You cannot perform acts of evil in the name of a greater good, because the good suffers. It is corrupted by what has been done in its name.
Leigh Hunt|I nearly forced my own way through the undergrowth to leave the sight behind. I was afraid I'd encouraged the figure to advance by trying to see it, perhaps even by thinking about it. ("The Long Way")
Christopher Paolini, Eragon|Just for a moment, amid all the bad stuff, this was a happy place again.
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway To Affirmations: Soulfully Affirming Your Life's True Purpose & Destiny With the Power of Affirmations|Never fear Love's absence in your life, because it already exists within you, in great abundance.
Ma Long|With Malice toward none, with charity for all, with firmness in the right, as God gives us to see the right, let us strive on to finish the work we are in, to bind up the nation's wounds.
Wendy Jean, Unstolen|All good writing is persuasive writing; persuading the reader to buy what you're selling, to side with you, to believe the tales you tell.
Caitlin Moran|Democratic citizenship in an anxious world can be deeper, more informed citizenship. Without full spectrum of voices from partisan political elites, though, anxious citizens in search of protection from threats to their health and way of life may support charlatans or madman who offer bodily protection while destroying the body politic.
Sydney Biddle Barrows|The god whom science recognizes must be a God of universal laws exclusively, a God who does a wholesale, not a retail business. He cannot accommodate his processes to the convenience of individuals.
Kevin Spacey|As much as you need to know your operations, if you don't understand the finance side and how to do the business, you're never going to be successful. So you might be the best operator or visionary, but if you don't understand the finance side... I'm successful because I know the finance side, but I also know operations; it's not an accident.
Eileen Wilks, Death Magic|Fear and bigotry don’t need explaining. They simply are, like traffic jams and taxes.
Doris Lessing, The Golden Notebook|Yes, cannibals. People are just cannibals unless they leave each other alone.
Daniel Marques|There's no point in fighting for a woman that is rude and boring, just because she's hot. Such woman shortens your lifespan.
William Gibson, Pattern Recognition|Fire, ice, asteroids and pole shifts are bogeymen with which we distract ourselves from the real threat of our time. In an age when everyone invents his own truth, there is no community, only factions. Without community, there can be no consensus to resist the greedy, the envious, the power-mad narcissists who seize control and turn the institutions of civilization into a series of doom machines.
Jessye Norman|I find that music makes people just sit and listen, firstly. Then, they seem to interpret their own emotions with the music and it makes them ponder their own life a lot. And then they start to question: Am I happy in my work? Am I happy in my relationships? What am I striving for?
Sindra van Yssel, Roped In|Stay away from Mistress Laera,” said Frank, “or I'll find grounds to sue your ass off. Possibly for damaging my fist when I pound your pretty boy face in.
William Hundert - The Emperors Club|However much we stumble, it is a teacher's burden always to hope, that with learning, a boy's character might be changed. And, so, the destiny of a man.
Aida Mitsu|Those who want to start a new journey, there are always new roads open for you
Warren Ellis, Transmetropolitan, Vol. 1: Back on the Street|She's got a big belt around her hips. It has a shiny buckle with PRADA on it, which is Italian for insecure.
Julie Kagawa, The Iron Queen|At some point in reading, we realize we have to read not just the books that we'd enjoy, but the books that move us, touch us, those that break us and hurt us, those which remind us that we will always be the ignorant of this life. We have to read the books that make us so little, make us a speck of dust or a grain of sand in a galaxy, until we feed our minds with all the knowledge we need, which is infinite in itself.
Kelly Thompson, The Girl Who Would Be King|I should feel energized and powerful, invulnerable and potent, but all I feel is lost.
Alain de Botton, Religion for Atheists: A Non-Believer's Guide to the Uses of Religion|When the world is at peace, when all things are tranquil and all men obey their superiors in all their courses, then music can be perfected. When desires and passions do not turn into wrongful paths, music can be perfected. Perfect music has its cause. It arises from equilibrium. Equilibrium arises from righteousness, and righteousness arises from the meaning of the cosmos. Therefore one can speak about music only with a man who has perceived the meaning of the cosmos.
CrimethInc., Anarchy and Alcohol|I took a breath. Pictured the bed waiting for me upstairs. Then retreated to the lobbybar alone and ordered an ice-cold gin martini, a small signal to myself that my work was done. I held the glass, its inverted construction an insult to gravity and the order of things. Just like our Movement, from the outside the balance of power seems all wrong. But hold a martini glass in your hand and you know instinctively that it is just right.
Thomas Jefferson, Works of Thomas Jefferson. Including The Jefferson Bible, Autobiography and The Writings of Thomas Jefferson (Illustrated), with Notes on Virginia, Parliamentary ... more.|If you serve humanity, you serve humanity's God.
Megan McCafferty, Sloppy Firsts|Sometimes the issue isn't that your problems are so big, it's that you see yourself as being so small.
Leo Tolstoy|A pun does not commonly justify a blow in return. But if a blow were given for such cause, and death ensued, the jury would be judges both of the facts and of the pun, and might, if the latter were of an aggravated character, return a verdict of justifiable homicide.
M. Leighton|God does not seem impressed by size or power or wealth. Faith is what he wants, and the heroes who emerge are heroes of faith, not strength or wealth.
Kate Atkinson, Life After Life|Love is not about finding the right person, but about being the right person.
Clara Chow, Dream Storeys|With the balcony doors completely open and folded up, his small room acquired an infinite vista. Somewhere on the horizon, water finally worked up the courage to embrace the sky.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|A preoccupation with power - black power, student power, flower power, poor power, 'the power structure' - is the striking aspect of the American political scene at the moment. Oddly enough, obsession with power goes hand in hand with a fear of power. Some of the New Left groups that talk the toughest about power are extremely reluctant to see power operate in any institutional form; within their own organizations, they shun 'hierarchies' and formally structured relations of authority. What the preoccupation with power reflects, essentially, is a deep=seated, pervasive feeling of powerlessness.
Tara Estacaan|INDIVIDUALITYI will never cease to talk in riddles,I will never try to feel different.I may be unusual for them, but that’s alright with me.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wave in the Mind: Talks & Essays on the Writer, the Reader & the Imagination|The exercise of imagination is dangerous to those who profit from the way things are because it has the power to show that the way things are is not permanent, not universal, not necessary. Having that real though limited power to put established institutions into question, imaginative literature has also the responsibility of power. The storyteller is the truthteller.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, The First Circle|Logic has rid us of the absurdity of our clothes. That’s progress, no irony, only now we are cold. Hale and ill trade bodies with unusual willingness, while in midair souls tangle. The young start out disgusted and Poetry is left to the memo-writers.
Euginia Herlihy|The word 'Dream' grips the core of my heart, it contains five powerful letters which are full of boundless meanings that can take you to another level of life:.D-'Drive' (to your future, to your purpose and to your destiny)..R-'Rejuvenate' ( your innerability to dream endlessly)..E-'Elevate' (you before great men)..A-'Accumulate' (strength to grow stronger in the midst of setbacks and hurdles)..M-'Make' (a room for you and makes you the person you were born to be). This is what your dream can do for you, keep dreaming and never cease to dream no matter what.
E. M. Forster|In a world of prayer, we are all equal in the sense that each of us is a unique person, with a unique perspective on the world, a member of a class of one.
E. W. Howe|I know many married men, I even know a few happily married men, but I don't know one who wouldn't fall down the first open coal hole running after the first pretty girl who gave him a wink.
Dillon Burroughs, Faith Acts: A Provocative Call to Live What You Believe|When your goal is not fame or notoriety, you can simply show up, offer compassion to people, and let God do His work.
Tessa Dare, A Week to Be Wicked|Master Graves was incensed and said, as punishment for my disruption, I would have to write my letters an extra ten times that day."Ten times the better I'll know them, then." I said. "How strange that you should punish me by ensuring I come out more educated than Roden, who has tried to obey you.
A.W. Tozer|Let us remember: when we talk of the rending of the veil we are speaking in a figure, and the thought of it is poetical, almost pleasant; but in actuality there is nothing pleasant about it. In human experience that veil is made of living spiritual tissue; it is composed of the sentient, quivering stuff of which our whole beings consist, and to touch it is to touch us where we feel pain. To tear it away is to injure us, to hurt us and make us bleed. To say otherwise is to make the cross no cross and death no death at all. It is never fun to die. To rip through the dear and tender stuff of which life is made can never be anything but deeply painful. Yet that is what the cross did to Jesus and it is what the cross would do to every man to set him free.
Carrie Fisher, Postcards from the Edge|ligion is the opiate of the masses." "I did masses of opiates religiously.
Faraaz Kazi|My own attitude to the innumerable injustices of life has always been a philosophical one, especially when they have tended to operate in my favour.
Jack Heath, Money Run|At last he was to feel that he had the town, as it were, in his pocket, and was ready for anything. Accordingly he sent a confidential messenger to Rome, to ask his father what step he should next take, his power in Gabii being, by God's grace, by this time absolute. Tarquin, I suppose, was not sure of the messenger's good faith: in any case, he said not a word in reply to his question, but with a thoughtful air went out to the garden. The man followed him, and Tarquin, strolling up and down in silence, began knocking off poppy-heads with his stick. The messenger at last wearied of putting his question and waiting for the reply, so he returned to Gabii supposing his mission to have failed. He told Sextus what he had said and what he had seen his father do: the king, he declared, whether from anger, or hatred, or natural arrogance, had not uttered a single word. Sextus realized that though his father had not spoken, he had, by his action, indirectly expressed his meaning clearly enough; so he proceeded at once to act upon his murderous instructions.
Malcolm Bradbury, Eating People is Wrong|I wonder why the wind, even the wind doth seemTo mock me now, all night, all night, andHave I strayed among the cliffs hereThey say, some day I'll fallDown through the sea-bit fissures, and no moreKnow the warm cloak of sun, or batheThe dew across my tired eyes to comfort them.They try to keep me hid within four walls.I will not stay!
Alfred Tennyson, Tennyson: Poems|for in the absence of a magistrate (dandadharabhave), the strong will swallow the weak; but under his protection, the weak resist the strong.
Gregory David Roberts, Shantaram|...един добър мъж е толкова силен, колкото е нужно на подходящата за него жена.
Helen Keller, The Story of My Life|Learning is a life time process,but there comes a time when you have to stop adding and start updating.
Jim George, A Man After God's Own Heart|In yonder nether world where shall I seekHis bright appearances or footstep trace?For though I fled him angry, yet recalledTo life prolonged and promised race I nowGladly behold though but His utmost skirtsOf glory, and far off His steps adore.
Renata Adler|There are times when every act, no matter how private or unconscious, becomes political. Whom you live with, how you wear your hair, whether you marry, whether you insist that your child take piano lessons, what are the brand names on your shelf; all these become political decisions. At other times, no act--no campaign or tract, statement or rampage--has any political charge at all. People with the least sense of which times are, and which are not, political are usually most avid about politics. At six one morning, Will went out in jeans and a frayed sweater to buy a quart of milk. A tourist bus went by. The megaphone was directed at him. "There's one," it said. That was in the 1960's. Ever since, he's wondered. There's one what?
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|You may be tall; you may be short. You may be a black; you may be a white. One more thing to keep behind your mind is that you "your purpose is unique". Anyone who is thinks he is clever enough will mess up when he/she wears your shoes; it won't fit!
Roald Dahl, Matilda|I'm afraid men are not always quite as clever as they think they are. You will learn that when you get a bit older, my girl.
Roy T. Bennett|To care about your outward appearance is important, but what’s more important is to have a beautiful soul.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love makes the world go round, but sometimes you spin so much you end up dizzy.
Ed Stetzer|it’s not enough for Christians merely to recognize that the world isn’t what it ought to be and that people are suffering in ways they shouldn’t have to suffer.” Instead, our “sorrow and indignation” should prompt us to act in ways that “subvert” that brokenness.
Lauren Willig, The Mischief of the Mistletoe|I'm beginning to think my name has been changed to 'Damn it' or 'Asshole'" Styxx
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|I sat down on the grass and looked up at Brae. He was still shirtless and - although it pained me a little to even think it - it suited him. He was in really good shape and he looked less uptight without it, more relaxed. If it wasn't for his weird silver hair he could have looked perfectly ordinary. Better than ordinary in fact.
Elizabeth Gillies|Unless you're a big movie star, regular television work is going to bring you more exposure than anything. Everybody has a television; not everybody goes to the movies.
Jesse Haubert, A Stranger In Everyone|Cory wondered if maybe some people were better off dead. When you’re dead you don’t have to face the horrors of life, whether it’s striving to be the best, dealing with something bad you or somebody else did, dealing with someone’s death or anything. Most people, if not everyone, had a reason to die. Dead people can’t even be upset about dying because they’re dead.
Michael Hardt|What do you think? Overkill?""I don't believe there is any such thing.But in this case, 'yes, overkill.
John Baldacci|The general public will almost always stand behind the traditionalists. In the public eye, architecture is about comfort, about shelter, about bricks and mortar.
Carl Sagan, The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark|[In] everyday life, it is very rare that we are confronted with new facts about events of long ago. Our memories are almost never challenged. They can, instead, be frozen in place, no matter how flawed they are, or become a work in continual artistic revision.
Anthony Liccione|Which is colder, the hand or the gun?
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|Memory is a funny thing. When I was in the scene, I hardly paid it any mind. I never stopped to think of it as something that would make a lasting impression, certainly never imagined that eighteen years later I would recall it in such detail. I didn't give a damn about the scenery that day. I was thinking about myself. I was thinking about the beautiful girl walking next to me. I was thinking about the two of us together, and then about myself again. It was the age, that time of life when every sight, every feeling, every thought came back, like a boomerang, to me. And worse, I was in love. Love with complications. The scenery was the last thing on my mind.
Rebecca Ashe|How are you going to forget him if you keep talking about him? Darling, when things go wrong in life, this is what you do. You lift your chin, put on a ravishing smile, mix yourself a little cocktail... and out you go.
Haniel Long|The lust and attraction are often a given in a romance novel - I want to dig into the elements of true friendship that form a foundation for a solid, gonna-last-forever romantic relationship.
Christina Brooke, London's Last True Scoundrel|A gentleman can’t let a lady sleep in an armchair while he takes his ease in a bed.”“But you are not a gentleman,” she pointed out. “You are the greatest scoundrel in all the land.”He tilted his head to consider that. “All right. You take the chair.
Nelson DeMille, Spencerville|A lot of who you were in middle age was determined before you had a chance to manipulate, control, or eve understand the things around you. It was no mystery, he thought, why some old people's minds returned to their youth; the wonder of those years, the discoveries, the first experience with the dirty secret of death, and the first stirrings of lust and love were indelible, drawn in luminous colors on clean canvas. Indeed, the first sex act was so mind-boggling that most people could still remember it clearly twenty, thirty, sixty years later.
Patrick Modiano, Dora Bruder|We've talked, and alot has been said ,but no words were uttered at all
Dorothy Day|When you put yourself and your interest ahead of the people you intend to serve, it doesn't take long to find out that it's a recipe for disappointment.
Angie karan|The positive energy and love we give to others, heals our own wounds.
G.S. Jennsen, Rubicon|People gravitated here for the open air, the prolific intoxicants and the visual treats. They made the deals here that were later played out elsewhere. They drank and got high. Sometimes they fought, not for money but for sport or grudge.They were the desperate and the daring, the lost and the searching. Tonight, they were his audience. Tomorrow, they would be his front line.
Jason Bateman|I'm living in Beverly Hills. I'm very, very lucky. I wake up every morning and I recognize that I'm blessed.
Machado de Assis, Dom Casmurro|,,,we forget our good actions only slowly, and in fact never truly forget them.
Donna Lynn Hope|You don't have to make any decisions right now," Colleen says. "But I'll tell you this. There's life after marriage."~Excerpt from "Mad Dog Justice
Fyodor Sologub|The days were brief and attenuated and the season appeared to be fixed - neither summer nor winter, spring nor fall. A thermal haze of inexpressible sweetness, though bearing tiny bits of grit or mica, had eased into the Valley from the industrial region to the north and there were nights when the sun set at the western horizon as if it were sinking through a porous red mass, and there were days when a hard-glaring moon like bone remained fixed in a single position, prominent in the sky. ("Family")
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|When I look back at where I come from, I realize it's for a good reason that God changed my life.
Sunil Yapa, Your Heart Is a Muscle the Size of a Fist|Together they made love among the mimeographed pages of their zine and the ink stained their bodies with letters and strange hieroglyph tattoos which they examined together in the moonlight drifting through the window, laughing.
Imelda May|We even had a different word for Christmas in my language, Bengali: Baradin, which literally meant 'big day.'
Veronica Roth, Four: A Divergent Story Collection|But you should know that about Dauntless- girl, guy, whatever, it doesn't matter here. What matters is what you've got in your gut.
Daphne Guinness|Those who are preparing for the coming of Christ should be sober, and watch unto prayer, for our adversary, the Devil, goeth about like a roaring lion, seeking whom he may devour; whom we are to resist steadfast in the faith.
Tasha Alexander, A Fatal Waltz|That's the trouble with grand passions, of course. You can never entirely cleanse yourself of them. It's best to avoid them altogether.
Haruki Murakami|It was a hymn with the force of a march, a march with the majesty of a hymn. It was the song of soldiers bearing sacred banners and of priests carrying swords. It was an anthem to the sanctity of strength.
Teresa of Ávila, Interior Castle|The devil frequently fills our thoughts with great schemes, so that instead of putting our hands to what work we can do to serve our Lord, we may rest satisfied with wishing to perform impossibilities.
Lauren Kate, Torment|Sometimes beautiful things come into our lives out of nowhere. We can't always understand them, but we have to trust in them. I know you want to question everything, but sometimes it pays to just have a little faith.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If the pursuit of perfection is a way to prove our worth, in the end the pursuit will only prove our imperfections.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|This is what I find myself writing to myself on the page:I'm here. I love you. I don't care if you need to stay up crying all night long. I will stay with you. If you need the medication again, go ahead and take it - I will love you through that, as well. If you don't need the medication, I will love you, too. There's nothing you can ever do to lose my love. I will protect you until you die, and after your death I will still protect you. I am stronger than Depression and I am braver than Loneliness and nothing will ever exhaust me.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|On close analysis, it would seem that there is a possibility that we are god's robots
Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept|Joy is sometimes a blessing, but it is often a conquest. Our magic moment help us to change and sends us off in search of our dreams. Yes, we are going to suffer, we will have difficult times, and we will experience many disappointments — but all of this is transitory it leaves no permanent mark. And one day we will look back with pride and faith at the journey we have taken.
Chris Maxwell Rose, The Fantasy Method: How To Discover Your Authentic Sexual Desires and Create a Fulfilling Sex Life|The human erotic imagination is a vast wilderness of sexual possibilities. We are each capable of enjoying a pleasurable, satisfying and potentially ecstatic sex life. Yet our culture encourages us to keep the window of possibility very narrow, limiting our erotic expression to a short list of approved activities and energies. To truly experience sexual freedom, you must reclaim your erotic imagination and allow yourself to make your sex life a work of art, your very own creation designed to fulfill your unique needs and desires.
Tom Stoppard|Young people have this almost romantic attachment to civil rights, liberties, emancipating people from oppression, etc. The idea that such oppression exists in this country offends me, but it's able to be pushed and sold because education in this country is so woefully incompetent and inept.
Debasish Mridha|Every moment is precious and beautiful, filled with love, joy, peace, tranquility, and serenity.
Emm Cole, The Short Life of Sparrows|...our souls may be consumed by shadows, but that doesn't mean we have to behave as monsters.
A.D. Posey|If someone tells you something is impossible, make it possible.
Vladimir Putin|As a soldier, I survived World War I when most of my comrades did not.
Samantha Sotto|I closed my eyes. I used to think I was protecting the world, too. But it wasn't that simple. Nothing was. Who were we to decide that anyone or anything didn't deserve the spark of life they had been given?
John Stuart Mill|One must judge men not by their opinions, but by what their opinions have made of them.
Ellen P. Berkeley|Everyone has noticed the taste which cats have for pausing and lounging between the two leaves of a half-shut door. Who is there who has not said to a cat, “Do come in!” There are men who, when an incident stands half-open before them, have the same tendency to halt in indecision between two resolutions, at the risk of getting crushed through the abrupt closing of the adventure by fate. The over-prudent, cats as they are, and because they are cats, sometimes incur more danger than the audacious.
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|And so I try to be kind to everything I see, and in everything I see, I see him.
Debasish Mridha|All of the stories, all of the beauty, all of the songs and events of this life will vanish in the ocean of time.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|What in hell are you really made of, Howard? After all, it's only a building. It's not the combination of holy sacrament, Indian torture, and sexual ecstasy that you seem to make of it.""Isn't it?
Mitchell, Siri|At least a third of the world’s population are introverts. While they can pretend to be extroverts for a while, frankly, the task is exhausting. I hope Charlotte accurately portrayed the complexities of this personality. Contrary to common belief, introverts are not necessarily shy. They are not misanthropists. Though they gain energy from solitude and quiet, they don’t always like to be by themselves. They are, however, wonderful observers of the world around them, are quite self- aware, and prefer deep conversations to small talk. They are also inclined to think that there’s something seriously wrong with them. Many times they desperately hope that if they just try hard enough, they’ll be able to be like everyone else. I should know. I am one. Perhaps my novels always speak to questions of worth because so often I doubt my own.
C.S. Lewis|It is as well to put this the other way round. Some of us who seem quite nice people may, in fact, have made so little use of a good heredity and good upbringing that we are really worse than those whom we regard as fiends. Can we be quite certain how we should have behaved if we had been saddled with the psychological outfit, and then with the bad upbringing, and then with the power, say, of Himmler? That is why Christians are told not to judge. We see only the results which a man's choices make out of his raw material. But God does not judge him on the raw material at all, but on what he has done with it. Most of the man's psychological makeup is probably due to his body: when his body dies all that will fall off him, and the real central man, the thing that chose, that made the best or worst out of this material, will stand naked. All sorts of nice things which we thought our own, but which were really due to a good digestion, will fall off some of us: all sorts of nasty things which were due to complexes or bad health will fall off others. We shall then, for the first time, see every one as he really was. There will be surprises.
Mary Ellen Mark|Dementia is often regarded as an embarrassing condition that should be hushed up and not spoken about. But I feel passionately that more needs to be done to raise awareness, which is why I became an ambassador for the Alzheimer's Society.
MercyMe, Undone|I'm not trying to tell you," he said, "that only educated and scholarly men are able to contribute something valuable to the world. It's not so. But I do say that educated and scholarly men, if they're brilliant and creative to begin with — which, unfortunately, is rarely the case—tend to leave infinitely more valuable records behind them than men do who are merely brilliant and creative. They tend to express themselves more clearly, and they usually have a passion for following their thoughts through to the end. And--most important—nine times out of ten they have more humility than the unscholarly thinker.
Julia Serano, Whipping Girl: A Transsexual Woman on Sexism and the Scapegoating of Femininity|The idea that "femininity is artificial" is also blatantly misogynistic. Just as woman is man's "other", so too is femininity masculinity's "other". Under such circumstances, negative connotations like "artificial", "contrived", and "frivolous" become built into our understanding of femininity - indeed, this is precisely what allows masculinity to always come off as "natural", "practical" and "uncomplicated".
karan godara|Contrary to popular belief, there are peaks higher than Mount Everest. These are the hurdles that lie within each of us. Thank you Stephen Hawking for showing us that they are not insurmountable
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|If you choose to walk through the fire, why do you complain it's hot?
L.R.W. Lee|You can never miss your fate," Eleni would always say. "Even if it feels like it, it only means that your fate isn't what you thought.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|Instead of begging to be picked by others, you have the choice to pick yourself and build your brand
Catherynne M. Valente, The Boy Who Lost Fairyland|A story is a garden you can carry in your pocket. The stories we tell ourselves and each other are for pleasure and refuge. Like gardens they are small places in a large world. But, Jinhua, we must never mistake the stories we tell for the truth.
Kristen Ashley, Wild and Free|But he also knew this centurion, this man of honour, would change her…by giving her love…and love was the most powerful force in the universe.
Kelly Creagh, Nevermore|The more this guy talked, the more he sounded like a fortune cookie.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|Our love for our country is worth nothing if it deprives us of our sense of humanity, if it destroys positive consensus.
Jasper Fforde, Lost in a Good Book|Fukuyama’s thesis that history has climaxed with liberal capitalism may have been widely derided, but it is accepted, even assumed, at the level of the cultural unconscious. It should be remembered, though, that even when Fukuyama advanced it, the idea that history had reached a ‘terminal beach’ was not merely triumphalist. Fukuyama warned that his radiant city would be haunted, but he thought its specters would be Nietzschean rather than Marxian. Some of Nietzsche’s most prescient pages are those in which he describes the ‘oversaturation of an age with history’. ‘It leads an age into a dangerous mood of irony in regard to itself’, he wrote in Untimely Meditations, ‘and subsequently into the even more dangerous mood of cynicism’, in which ‘cosmopolitan fingering’, a detached spectatorialism, replaces engagement and involvement. This is the condition of Nietzsche’s Last Man, who has seen everything, but is decadently enfeebled precisely by this excess of (self) awareness.
Virginia Brown, Dark River Road|Sometimes the hardest goodbyes are the ones never said, the ones that always just hang there in the back of the mind like a dark cloud. There's so much to say but no one to say it to because the person you want most to hear it is already gone. That's how he felt. Sorrow, regret, a wound so deep it didn't even bleed. Like a puncture wound, an ache that didn't heal but just hurt. He didn't know if he wanted it to heal. That'd be too much like a final goodbye.
Erin Hunter, Dovewing's Silence|You gwyne to have considerable trouble in yo' life, en considerable joy. Sometimes you gwyne to git hurt, en sometimes you gwyne to git sick; but every time you's gwyne to git well agin.
Hank Moody|Good morning, Hell-A. In the land of the lotus-eaters, time plays tricks on you. One day you’re dreaming, the next, your dream has become your reality. It was the best of times. If only someone had told me. Mistakes were made, hearts were broken, harsh lessons learned. My family goes on without me, while I drown in a sea of pointless pussy. I don’t know how I got here. But here I am, rotting away in the warm California sun. There are things I need to figure out, for her sake, at least. The clock is ticking. The gap is widening. She won’t always love me “no matter what
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|Perhaps they were looking for passion; perhaps they delved into this book as into a mysterious parcel - a gift box at the bottom of which, hidden in layers of rustling tissue paper, lay something they'd always longed for but couldn't ever grasp.
Sunday Adelaja|I was exhausted and had to rely on Herr Schreiner to help me and knew in my soul that God had sent him to my aid. As tired as I was, I couldn’t have handled my luggage alone. Finally another train did pull into the station but in stark contrast to the empty platform we were standing on, the train was completely full of people. Although he wasn’t that big of a man, Herr Schreiner pushed my suitcases up the two steps into the railway car, and I climbed up behind them. As the train left the station, he hung onto the two entrance handles right behind me and I pushed for space, trying to make enough room for him to get into the carriage. With every surge of the train I expected him to lose his grip but with what I am certain was superhuman strength, he hung on as the train picked up speed. Several of the people made snide remarks but I turned a deaf ear to this and pushed as hard as I could, so that he could also get in. With the help of another man pulling on his coat, Herr Schreiner finally managed to squeeze in far enough so that we could close the door behind him. Once safely on the train, someone from his school in Mannheim recognized him. Herr Schreiner had been a very popular, much admired school principal and seeing how tired and bedraggled we now looked, the passenger offered us his window seats and helped to make room so that we could store our suitcases in the luggage rack above our heads. The train didn’t make any more stops and continued east crossing the Rhine River Bridge, which miraculously was still there. I couldn’t believe that everything had come together as well as it had, and that I was on my way back to Überlingen and my children.
Michelle Rowen, Dark Kiss|elliptical, adj.The kiss I like the most is one of the slow ones. It’s as much breath as touch, as much no as yes. You lean in from the side, and I have to turn a little to make it happen.
Jay Leno|If you don't mind, it doesn't matter.
Dada Bhagwan|Those who have anger, they try to take control others with the heat of anger and those who do not have anger are able to take control of others with their strength of character known as sheel. Even it can take control of animals (with it’s strength)!!!
Richard Madden|Anything I get to wear to the Met Ball is huge. I'm not a fashion girl, so it's cool to be dolled up and have those diamonds where they send armed guards with you.
Andrea Lochen, The Repeat Year|It was a lesson she was still learning. When she had first started nursing, she had taken every death personally, like she was losing her father all over again. Every patient lost under her care was a little piece of death she would carry around with her until the end of her own life. But the alternative seemed so unfeeling. Tina and the other nurses could crack jokes and banter back and forth about contestants on American Idol before the body of a deceased patient was even cold. It was a coping mechanism, she knew, but not necessarily one she thought she would ever adopt. There had to be something in between. Olive had been called a bleeding heart before, but her heart no longer had the same plasticity and tenderness—it was scarred and worn beyond repair
Lynne Truss, Eats, Shoots & Leaves: The Zero Tolerance Approach to Punctuation|When you by nature subscribe to the view that everyone except yourself is a berk or a wanker, it is hard to bond with anybody in any rational common cause.
Bella Shadow, Assassin: The Beginning|Kei: Is there anything else you need while I'm here, Your Highness?Cabot: No, but you can leave the sarcasm in there.
Katie Reus, Sworn to Protect|Looking at Athena now, he couldn't believe he'd been dumb enough to walk away from her. When he'd realized how innocent she was it had freaked him out, to put it mildly. Had made him feel guilty for the dirty things he'd said to her, wanted to do to her. With her ---
Anatole Broyard|The contents of someone's bookcase are part of his history, like an ancestral port
Thalia Chaltas, Because I Am Furniture|Yaicha is named after a songby some group from the last century called thePousette-Dart Band.Something about a girl, a candle in the falling rain shining amidst the pain.I kind of surprise myselfwhen I can picture Yaicha as that candle.My father named Yaicha after the "haunting melody."I wonder if he ever listenedto the lyrics.
Roxanne Snopek, Finding Home|Logan's been one of Marietta's most eligible bachelors for too long. Ever since divorcing that useless ditz of a wife, we've all been watching waiting for him to dip his toes into the dating pool again. Nothing. Then, you show up and what happens? He dives straight into the deep end, without taking off his shoes." - Aunt Mabel to Samara
Elie Wiesel|If you think you have it tough, read history books.
Mehmet Murat ildan|We breathe in, we breathe out. We inhale and exhale the same molecules. We are natural recyclers of the same energy, whether or not we realize it.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Religion, Philosophy and life|I tell you the truth, so many people failed to do what they could have done because of the bitter things that happened in the past.
Lisa Kessler, Harvest Moon|Io, this is Admiral Muhan of the Martian Congressional Republic Navy. You fire anything bigger than a bottle rocket and we will glass the whole fucking moon. Do you read me?
Ray Charles|Dreams, if they're any good, are always a little bit crazy. 
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|Television is a dirty business. To survive in it you have to be part weasel, part python, and part wolf. To succeed in it, you have to be 99.9 percent great white shark. The capacity for barefaced lying also comes in handy, particularly if you are freelance.
Lilian Jackson Braun, The Cat Who Saw Stars|There is, incidently, no way of talking about cats that enables one to come off as a sane person.
Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner|On a high mountain I stood, And cried the name of Ali, Lion of God.O Ali, Lion of God, King of Men, Bring joy to our sorrowful hearts.
David Gerrold, The Man Who Folded Himself|The idiot is indeed the good man, but only because he doesn't know any better.
Dan Brown, Angels & Demons|Mr. Langdon, I did not ask if you believe what man says about God. I asked if you believed in God. There is a difference. Holy scripture is stories...legends and history of man's quest to understand his own need for meaning. I am not asking you to pass judgment on literature. I am asking if you believe in God. When you lie out under the stars, do you sense the divine? Do you feel in your gut that you are staring up at the work of God's hands?
Amy Neftzger, The Orphanage of Miracles|Humanity will destroy itself, body and soul, before it will learn a simple lesson.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Cat's Cradle|Nothing is generous. New knowledge is a valuable commodity. The more truth we have to work with, the richer we are.
Walter Reisch|We travel together, passengers on a little spaceship, dependent on its vulnerable reserves of air and soil, all committed, for our safety, to its security and peace. Preserved from annihilation only by the care, the work and the love we give our fragile craft.
Square Enix|And that's humbling, knowing that your voice can mean so much to another person.
John Lubbock, Peace and Happiness|The whole value of solitude depends upon oneself; it may be a sanctuary or a prison, a haven of repose or a place of punishment, a heaven or a hell, as we ourselves make it.
Nicholas Sparks, Safe Haven|Everyone has a past, but that's just it--it's in the past. You can learn from it, but you can't change it.
Ross Thomas, Briarpatch|Hey, suit guy!" The man bellowed. Chris bit back the urge to yell. He turned, expecting to be confronted by a hand held out for money. What he saw was a pair of enormous eyes, the same color as the spring sky, set in a face with high cheekbones and a delicate chiseled jaw. The man's short, spiked hair was dyed a vibrant purple, making his creamy pale skin glow. Letting his gaze shift downward in a sudden still silence, Chris took in the sleek, sculpted muscles under the snug green t-shirt, the faded jeans molded to slim hips and thighs. He'd never in his life's seen anyone so beautiful.
Anthony Liccione|The heart fools the mind, where eyes went deaf to words, that fell on blinded ears to easy to fall in love.
Maryam Abdullah Alnaymi|Why shall we talk?To provide the right amount of clarity between family members in their home environment, and to spread the ambiance of honesty and trust between them on the way that uplifts the value of the family in their hearts, and to make it the safe haven for adults and children together.
Larry Niven|Countless hours of physical therapy - and the talents of the medical community - have brought me new movement in my right arm. It's fractional progress, and it took a long time, but my arm moves when I tell it to.
Yevgeny Zamyatin|What we need in literature today are vast philosophic horizons; we need the most ultimate, the most fearsome, the most fearless 'Why?' and 'What next?'("Literature, Revolution, and Entropy")
Erika Slezak|As much as I liked and admired the various members of the Kennedy family, my first loyalty was to Jackie.
Pearl S. Buck|When Henry Ford decided to produce his famous V-8 motor, he chose to build an engine with the entire eight cylinders cast in one block, and instructed his engineers to produce a design for the engine. The design was placed on paper, but the engineers agreed, to a man, that it was simply impossible to cast an eight-cylinder engine-block in one piece.Ford replied,''Produce it anyway.
Mark  Lawrence|For the first time in years, his heart raced, and the old excitement flickered inside him. The excitement of impending battle, clash of arms, danger and glory. Cei had almost forgotten it. To be alive, on the very cusp of death, was the greatest feeling of all.
Gordon W. Allport, Becoming: Basic Considerations for a Psychology of Personality|People it seems, are busy leading their lives into the future, whereas psychology, for the most part, is busy tracing them into the past.
Carolyn Lee Adams, Ruthless|For a while there's nothing I can do but stand in the middle of the road, because going forward hurts too much. Going forward means continuing to try, when trying is so hard. The world is filled with idiots and assholes and monsters. Where are the guardian angels?
Nikki Rosen, In The Eye Of Deception: A True Story|Abolish music prejudices. Form opinions and love music for itself, not its genre, performer(s) or popularity status.
Anne Sexton, The Awful Rowing Toward God|God went out of me as if the sea dried up like sandpaper, as if the sun became a latrine. God went out of my fingers. They became stone. My body became a side of mutton and despair roamed the slaughterhouse.
Marie Luise Knott, Unlearning with Hannah Arendt|As the philosopher Gilles Deleuze put it, no painter ever stands before a completely blank canvas, no author ever sits before a blank page. In fact, the surface confronting the modern artist is full of inherited images that must first be cleared from the imagination before one can begin to create one's own.
Theodor Herzl|You're in a combat zone one day. You come home, and then you have to readjust, and it takes a few days. We just sit in the house, hang with the family and then things get better.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Before fighting for truth, find the truth.
Bruno Schulz, The Street of Crocodiles|After tidying up, Adela would plunge the rooms into semidarkness by drawing down the linen blinds. All colors immediately fell an octave lower, the room filled with shadows, as if it had sunk to the bottom of the sea and the light was reflected in mirrors of green water–and the heat of the day began to breathe on the blinds as they stirred slightly in their daydreams.
Carol S. Dweck, Mindset: The New Psychology of Success|…You decide that, rather than trying to talk out of the fixed mindset [to your kid], you have to live the growth mindset, you have to live the growth mindset. AT the dinner table each evening, you and your partner structure the discussion around the growth mindset, asking each child (and each other): “What did you learn today?” “What mistake did you make that taught you something?” “What did you try hard at today?” You go around the table with each question, excitedly discussing your own and one another’s effort, strategies, setbacks, and learning.
Chrystia Freeland|While the crash only took place six months ago, I am convinced we have now passed the worst, and with continued unity of effort, we shall rapidly recover. There is one certainty of the future of a people of the resources, intelligence and character of the people of the United States - that is, prosperity.
Théophile Gautier|A small change can make a big difference. You are the only one who can make our world a better place to inhabit. So, don’t be afraid to take a stand .
David Morrell|Before I start a project, I always ask myself the following question. Why is this book worth a year of my life? There needs to be something about the theme, the technique, or the research that makes the time spent on it worthwhile.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|A 20/20 mindset produces uncontainable joy and peace. These fruits allow you to live more creatively, effectively, and positively. When your life is in alignment with your purpose and passion, then working hard and creating value are inherent and success becomes a given.
Carl Wilhelm Scheele, Chemische Abhandlung Von Der Luft Und Dem Feuer|And tonight Mary could taste bitterness going down like a nut, settling in her stomach. It planted itself, put down roots, and began to grow, nourished on her dark blood.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|As long as you are ready to pay this price for living in the light (knowledge), the darkness (ignorance) becomes a servant to you.
Andrea Cremer, Rift|To know of the existence of evil, true evil that corrupted the world, had forever altered her heart and mind. If she had chosen a different path, she wouldn't have slept another night. Her head would have been restless as she thought only of the horrors that might be creeping outside her door, waiting to rend her flesh. She would not live a life as the hunted; she would be the hunter.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|Space is a windless silent place, just like the mind of a wise man!
Aaliyah|Well, a sort of epiphany: I was in a great band. And it's very cool to be at 53 and realise that when you were a kid you were in a great band.
Kim Harrison, Every Which Way But Dead|We never know where life is going to lead, Ethan. What so many small decisions are going to add up to.
Hermann Hesse, O lobo da estepe|Cada época, cada cultura, cada costume e tradição tem seu próprio estilo, tem sua delicadeza e sua severidade, suas belezas e crueldades, aceitam certos sofrimentos como naturais, sofrem pacientemente certas desgraças. O verdadeiro sofrimento, o verdadeiro inferno da vida humana reside ali onde se chocam duas culturas ou duas religiões. Um homem da antiguidade, que tivesse de viver na Idade Média, haveria de sentir-se tão afogado quanto um selvagem se sentiria em nossa civilização. Há momentos em que toda uma geração cai entre dois estilos de vida, e toda evidência, toda moral, toda salvação e inocência ficam perdidos para ela. Naturalmente isso não nos atinge da mesma maneira. 
Daniel Snyder|With me, what you see is what you get. I try to treat everyone with respect.
Sarah J. Pepper|If you jotted down all of my ill-thought out comments, you could write a book entitled, Guide to Getting Punched in the Throat for Boneheads-Mad Hatter in "Death of the Mad Hatter" (Coming Soon!)
Meg Jay, The Defining Decade: Why Your Twenties Matter--And How to Make the Most of Them Now|As we age, we feel less like leaves and more like trees. We have roots that ground us and sturdy trunks that may sway, but don't break, in the wind.
A.L. Davroe, Nexis|I would have liked to experience more of the heptapods' worldview, to feel the way they feel. Then, perhaps I could immerse myself fully in the necessity of events, as the must, instead of merely wading in its surf for the rest of my life.
Julie Klam, Love at First Bark: How Saving a Dog Can Sometimes Help You Save Yourself|All those windows, and not a cat in them. All that light to bask in, wasted.
Sylvia Plath, The Collected Poems|Not easy to state the change you made.If I'm alive now, I was dead,Though, like a stone, unbothered by it.
Taylor Longford, Valor|We’re more than common rock,” he murmured. “We’re pretty nigh indestructible when we’re in our stone forms.”I thought this over. “Then why didn’t they pick you up and throw you into the sea?”He sent me a dark look. “You’re a bloodthirsty lass, aren’t you?
Darryl Pinckney|A library is a different kind of social reality (of the three dimensional kind), which by its very existence teaches a system of values beyond the fiscal.
Lang Leav, Sad Girls|First love," said Ida with a sigh. "That's the one that kills you.
J.A. Saare, The Renfield Syndrome|Rhiannon's Law #14: There is a reason the truth hurts. When you cease to feel the sting, it means you've stopped caring. And damn, wouldn't that be a total fucking waste?
A.G. Howard, Splintered|But before she could speak another word, he crushed his mouth against hers.It was so unexpected that she hadn't the chance to even think of pushing him away. His body pressed her firmly against the rough cave wall. His hands slid down to her waist to pull her closer to him.And just like that, with his proximity, with his kiss, he managed to fill her every sense. He was smoke from the campfire, he was leaves and moss and the night itself.There was nothing gentle in the rebel's kiss, nothing sweet or kind. It was like nothing she'd ever experience before, and so very dangerous—every bit as deadly as the kiss of an arrow.Finally, he pulled back just a little, his dark eyes glazed as if half drunk."Princess..." He cupped her face between his hands, his breath ragged.Her lips felt bruised. "I suppose that's how Paelsians show their anger and frustration?
Rebekah Crane, Playing Nice|Pulling me into his arms, he trailed light kisses from my ear to my neck, almost making me forget how late I was running.I pushed him away. “You better stop that, or we’re never getting out of here.”“My thoughts exactly.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer|Music... will help dissolve your perplexities and purify your character and sensibilities, and in time of care and sorrow, will keep a fountain of joy alive in you.
Julie Buxbaum, What to Say Next|I am kissing David Drucker. I am kissing David Drucker. I am kissing David Drucker. I Was wrong. I had assumed this would be his first kiss, that it would be fumbling and a bit messy but still fun. No way. Can’t be. This guy knows exactly what he’s doing. How to cradle the back of my head with his hands. How to move in soft and slow, and then pick up the pace, and then slow down again. How to brush my cheeks with even smaller kisses, how to work his way down my jaw, and to soften the worry spot in the center of my brow. How to pause and look into my eyes, really look, so tenderly I feel it all the way down in my stomach. He even traces the small zigzag scar on my eyebrow with his fingertips, like it’s something beautiful. I could kiss him forever. I’m going to kiss him forever.
Darja Malcolm-Clarke|She's terse. I can be terse. Once, in flight school, I was laconic.
Sean S. Kamali|If I replace the word God with the word nature, I am far more at ease with the whole religious enterprise.
Alanis Morissette|I don't feel we need to be independent for me to feel confident in my Scottish identity. I think Scotland is pretty comfortable in its identity. We won't need independence to preserve it... if we don't become independent, it won't disappear; it isn't under existential threat.
Josh Gates, Destination Truth: Memoirs of a Monster Hunter|Travel does not exist without home....If we never return to the place we started, we would just be wandering, lost. Home is a reflecting surface, a place to measure our growth and enrich us after being infused with the outside world.
Anderson Paak|'Chef' is a dish of arroz con pollo served with a smile but not much style. The critic in the film would give it a low grade, for agreeability without ambition.
Biz Stone|Leadership has become a heavy industry. Concern and interest about leadership development is no longer an American phenomenon. It is truly global. Though I will probably be in less demand, I wanted to move on.
Edward Abbey, Postcards from Ed: Dispatches and Salvos from an American Iconoclast|Certainly, I want to capture the reader's attention from the beginning and hold it until the end: that is half the purpose of my art. The other half must be to tell my story in the most honest way that I can.
Elizabeth    Newton, Furry Friends|I don't know about you, but I find the idea of a school at night time - imagining the silent classrooms in total darkness and the playgrounds left lonesome and bare - creepily peculiar.
Renae A. Sauter, An Empowered Life: Mind/Body/Spirit Empowerment|Thank you to all the people who have triggered my issues. You have helped me clarify what they are, start the healing process and ultimately become a better person.
Terry Pratchett, Small Gods|Death paused. YOU HAVE PERHAPS HEARD THE PHRASE, he said, THAT HELL IS OTHER PEOPLE?‘Yes. Yes, of course.’Death nodded. IN TIME, he said, YOU WILL LEARN THAT IT IS WRONG.
Milan Kundera|This Obamacare thing really scares me. The United States government / politicians are trying to turn the American people into a brand X “One size fits all” country. The past ten years has been very grim for Americans. Our current state is very grim. Our future is even more grim than ever. I used to tell people that it will get worse before it gets better. Now, I just say it will get worse.
Debasish Mridha|When someone loves you, you can feel it from a far distance.
Rebecca McNutt, Perfect Little Angel: A Short Story|Be an embodiment of the petition, thy kingdom come, thy will be done on earth, as it is in heaven
William J. Reilly, How to Avoid Work|In hermetic isolation, all kinds of bizarre and toxic ideas can fester. Sunlight is the best disinfectant, and exposing a bad idea to the critical glare of other minds provides at least a chance that it will wither and die.
Anthony Burgess|On privacy issues, it's just like hundreds of years ago when people said, 'I would rather put my money under my pillow than in a bank.' But today, banks know how to protect money much better than you do. Today, we may not have the answers to privacy issues, but I believe our young people will come up with the solutions.
Fulton J. Sheen, Characters of the Passion: Lessons on Faith and Trust|but now and then liberty, in the slogans of the strong, means freedom from restraint in the exploitation of the weak.
Lorraine Zago Rosenthal, Other Words for Love|I don’t think much about guys from the past. I’m glad I knew them, but there’s a reason they didn’t make it into my future.
Beatrice Fairfax|Stocks may come and stocks may go, but food goes on forever.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close|If I’d been someone else in a different world I’d've done something different, but I was myself and the world was the world, so I was silent.
Anthony T.Hincks|If you want to find God have a look around you. He's in everything you see, smell, taste, feel, touch and believe.If he wasn't, he wouldn't be God.
Erica Jong, Fear of Flying|Do you want me to tell you something really subversive? Love is everything it's cracked up to be. That's why people are so cynical about it. It really is worth fighting for, being brave for, risking everything for. And the trouble is, if you don't risk anything, you risk even more.
Mary E. DeMuth, Everything: What You Give and What You Gain to Become Like Jesus|A broken person understands she needs rescue, and she depends on God to resurrect and deliver. And she also understands that even if God chooses not to deliver, His ways are higher and more amazing then what we can fathom.
Arthur Koestler|Solitary confinement is rock bottom, it’s absolute unfreedom.
Alisa Hope Wagner, Eve of Awakening|Peace comes by knowing you’re dearly loved by the Lord, Who gives to His children the Holy Spirit to dwell within, to make their witness strong, so that one day they will be as a tree, fruitful and blessed with the wisdom of the forest.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Stupidity isn't punishable by death. If it was, there would be a hell of a population drop.
Felix Long, To Conquer Heaven|The two old men were as still as the stone bench on which they sat, as though their lengthy communion with the element had turned them into statues.
Lynn Steward, A Very Good Life|Peter eyes his swanky and incredibly dated jacket and fluffs the frills on his sleeves. Outside the window stands a guy in a tattered grey hoodie and cut-offs that slide down to his hips, thus exposing the plaid glory of his boxers. “Damn pity. If I'd known what crimes I'd be exposed to under the guise of fashion, I may have very well stayed dead.
Erri De Luca|I take the book stopped at a fold, deliver myself to its pace, to the breathing of the other storyteller. If I am someone else, it's also because books move men more than journeys or tears.After many pages you end up learning a variant, a different move than the one taken and thought inevitable.I break away from what I am when I learn to treat my own life differently.
James Thomson|When I was younger, I was kind of fearless. I think it takes more courage to do things when you know more. I was completely naive, and I was like, 'Why can't I do anything I want to do?'
Patti Smith|And when the time is right, I hope that African Americans will again look to the party of emancipation, civil liberty, and individual freedom.
Steve Toltz, A Fraction of the Whole|Sometimes not talking is effortless, and other times it’s more exhausting than lifting pianos.
J.K. Rowling|My readers have to work with me to create the experience. They have to bring their imaginations to the story. No one sees a book in the same way, no one sees the characters the same way. As a reader you imagine them in your own mind. So, together, as author and reader, we have both created the story.
Susan Trott|Particularity leads to peculiarity and then to pathological behavior. The three Ps. It is very insidious. You would eventually end up in a box. If you try to control your environment, it will control you. And everyone else around you will always have to be making adjustments to your maddening idiosyncracies...You are beginning to enslave yourself with your fussiness.
Joseph Heller, Catch-22|What are the years from twenty to forty? Fettered and bound by personal and emotional relationships. That's bound to be. That's living. But later there's a new stage. You can think, observe life, discover something about other people and the truth about yourself. Life becomes real--significant. You see it as a whole. Not just one scene--the scene you, as an actor, are playing. No man or woman is actually himself (or herself) till after forty-five. That's when individuality has a chance.
Stewart Lewis, You Have Seven Messages|My mother told me that truth is like my skin, a beautiful, protective covering, and the things that people say or do can be easily changed or discarded. She told me truth comes from the heart.
Colin Firth|Every intimacy carries secreted somewhere below its initial lovely surfaces, the ever-coiled makings of complete catastrophe.
Gil Scott-Heron, Now and Then...|Because I always feel like runningNot away, because there is no such placeBecause if there was, I would have found it by nowBecause it's easier to run,Easier than staying and finding out you're the only one who didn't runBecause running will be the way your life and mine will be described,As in "the long run"Or as in having "given someone a run for his money"Or as in "running out of time"Because running makes me look like everyone else, though I hope there will never be cause for thatBecause I will be running in the other direction, not running for coverBecause if I knew where cover was, I would stay there and never have to run for itNot running for my life, because I have to be running for something of more value to be running and not in fearBecause the thing I fear cannot be escaped, eluded, avoided, hidden from, protected from, gotten away from,Not without showing the fear as I see it nowBecause closer, clearer, no sir, nearerBecause of you and because of that niceThat you quietly, quickly be causingAnd because you're going to see me run soon and because you're going to know why I'm running thenYou'll know thenBecause I'm not going to tell you now
Laura Kreitzer, Burning Falls|Time keeps ticking away, unaware of the suffering each second generates. Time doesn’t care, because if it did, it would’ve reversed.
Shannon L. Alder|He went to India to "find himself" last year, but evidently he wasn't there, and he came back empty-handed.
Joel Salatin|Food is a lot of people's therapy - when we say comfort food, we really mean that. It's releasing dopamine and serotonin in your brain that makes you feel good.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you are going through hell, keep walking until you reach heaven.
Jennifer Aniston|Mom was 50 when my Dad died. She got on a bus every weekday for years, and rode 40 miles each morning to Madison. She earned a new degree and learned new skills to start her small business. It wasn't just a new livelihood. It was a new life.
Thomm Quackenbush, Pagan Standard Times: Essays on the Craft|If she had some level of theism, we might have a shared theological root from which I could shape holy words.
Pema Chödrön|1. Accept everything just the way it is.2. Do not seek pleasure for its own sake.3. Do not, under any circumstances, depend on a partial feeling.4. Think lightly of yourself and deeply of the world.5. Be detached from desire your whole life long.6. Do not regret what you have done.7. Never be jealous.8. Never let yourself be saddened by a separation.9. Resentment and complaint are appropriate neither for oneself nor others.10. Do not let yourself be guided by the feeling of lust or love.11. In all things have no preferences.12. Be indifferent to where you live.13. Do not pursue the taste of good food.14. Do not hold on to possessions you no longer need.15. Do not act following customary beliefs.16. Do not collect weapons or practice with weapons beyond what is useful.17. Do not fear death.18. Do not seek to possess either goods or fiefs for your old age.19. Respect Buddha and the gods without counting on their help.20. You may abandon your own body but you must preserve your honour.21. Never stray from the Way.
Sonya Watson, The Tide Breaker|...the heart breaks in so many different ways that when it heals, it will have fault lines ...
D. B. Sweeney|In track years... track is not like other sports. You do have track athletes that stay in this sport until, like, 35, 36, but I think when you get to 28, it's really difficult.
Wilfred James Dolor|Sometimes there are things in our lives that aren’t meant to stay. Sometimes the changes we don’t want are the changes we need to grow." - W.J. Dlor
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Real Love may run on a lower voltage, but it’s also more grounded & sustainable.
Sidney Poitier|I can remember 1987 when I had my first amateur fight in Michigan, weighing 64lb. I was 10 years old. I was the youngest and smallest guy on my team. I can remember what I ate. There was this restaurant called Ponderosa, and my dad made me eat a steak. I was happy. It was a first round knockout. I slept with my trophy for two weeks.
David Brin|These people who can see right through you never quite do you justice, because they never give you credit for the effort you're making to be better than you actually are, which is difficult and well meant and deserving of some little notice.
Debasish Mridha|Don't feel so small and condemn yourself. You are the universe, so love and compliment yourself.
Charles Bukowski, The People Look Like Flowers at Last|To experience real agony is something hard to write about, impossible to understand while it grips you; you're frightened out of your wits, can’t sit still, move, or even go decently insane.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|Then I felt something inside me break and music began to pour out into the quiet. My fingers danced; intricate and quick they spun something gossamer and tremulous into the circle of light our fire had made. The music moved like a spiderweb stirred by a gentle breath, it changed like a leaf twisting as it falls to the ground, and it felt like three years Waterside in Tarbean, with a hollowness inside you and hands that ached from the bitter cold.
Hubert Martin|I love her, but every hug leaves bullet holes in my chest. Every kiss is another scar upon my flesh. Every thrust, every touch, every moan that escapes her lips...they are famine to my soul, and I still can't let her go.
William S. Burroughs|The first and most important thing an individual can do is to become an individual again, decontrol himself, train himself as to what is going on and win back as much independent ground for himself as possible
Bluenscottish|When starting a relationship in Business or Personal Be in it to win it.Be present,be consistent and remind YOUR focus of your desire.~bns
Mortimer J. Adler, How to Read a Book: The Classic Guide to Intelligent Reading|As far as it is your opinion it is not wrong, what matters is that it is your opinion.
John Bingham, The Courage To Start: A Guide To Running for Your Life|Think Easy, Light, Smooth, and Fast. You start with easy, because if that's all you get, that's not so bad. Then work on light. Make it efforthless, like you don't give a shit how high the hill is or how far you've got to go. When you've practiced that so long, that you forget you're practicing, you work on making it smooooooth. You won't have to worry about the last one - you get those three, and you'll be fast.
Lisi Harrison, Monster High|I won't cry. When the guilt is this heavy, you can't. It just settles and stays with you, and it's cold.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|In leadership, the way up is down. Serve before you get served
Dean Kamen|When I write, it is always the melody that comes first, and it just happens to be the case that the most beautiful tunes are sad, and the lyrics follow the mood of the melody.
Will Rogers|The real violence is committed in the writing of history, the records of the legal system, the reporting of news, through the manipulation of social contracts, and the control of information.
Michael Ondaatje, The English Patient|She had always wanted words, she loved them; grew up on them. Words gave her clarity, brought reason, shape.
Barack Obama, Dreams from My Father: A Story of Race and Inheritance|The study of law can be disappointing at times, a matter of applying narrow rules and arcane procedure to an uncooperative reality; a sort of glorified accounting that serves to regulate the affairs of those who have power--and that all too often seeks to explain, to those who do not, the ultimate wisdom and justness of their condition.But that's not all the law is. The law is also memory; the law also records a long-running conversation, a nation arguing with its conscience.
George Saunders, CivilWarLand in Bad Decline|I wander cowboy sidewalks of wood, wearing a too-small hat, filled with remorse for the many lives I failed to lead.
Paul Silway, Heaven I - Paradise: The City and Throne|Apparently, if you become one of Satan’s Minions, as a reward, he makes you immune to cancer, heart and liver disease.
Eoin Colfer, Artemis Fowl|Confidence is ignorance. If you're feeling cocky, it's because there's something you don't know.
Ash Gray, Qorth|I believe you to be strictly honorable.'He thoughtfully emptied his cup. 'I wish I could add you were intelligent,' he went on, knocking on his head with his knuckles.
Phil Gingrey|It's really necessary for the United States to continue to give strong leadership to the Middle East peace process, supported by European countries at the same time.
Lafcadio Hearn|I was one of the first generations to watch television. TV exposes people to news, to information, to knowledge, to entertainment. How is it bad?
Juicy J|It's not like I'm out eating McDonald's and Del Taco every night. I eat good: my mom fixes dinner every single night - baked chicken, fish - she cooks a great meal every single night.
Auliq Ice|I think it was a sense of being completely swallowed up by nature that gave the prairie its powerful attraction.There is nothing like it in all of Europe. Even high up on a Swiss glacier one is still conscious of the toy villages below, the carefully groomed landscape of multicolored fields,the faraway ringing of a church bell. It is all very beautiful, but it does not convey the utmost escape. I believe, with the Indians, that a landscape influences and forms the people living on it and that one cannot understand them and make friends with them without also understanding, and making friends with, the earth from which they came.
Tom Angleberger, Horton Halfpott; or, The Fiendish Mystery of Smugwick Manor; or, The Loosening of M’Lady Luggertuck’s Corset|It pays to be nice. Maybe not right away, but someday.
Sameer  Khan, Eerie Edges|All I want to do is, help you rebuild yourself.Restructure your devastated heart. For Iknow, it's impossible to build the exact sameshrine once destroyed in a place but at leastyou can make a garden of bliss over awreckage
Shameik Moore|I don't learn so good, no matter how good the teacher is.
Osho, The Secret of Secrets|Let living and love, be one.
Sarah J. Maas, Heir of Fire|I think it's the bravest thing in the world - to run straight at love, even knowing how badly you could get hurt.
William O. Douglas|The past is malleable and flexible, changing as our recollection interprets and re-explains what has happened.
Dominic Riccitello|The thing with breaking up is they leave, but the memories stay.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With grace, we can obey God’s commands.
Henry Miller, The Cosmological Eye|It was not boring, said Majnoun, but it was strange. The people were always looking away to where you couldn't see. The whole time, I thought there was something coming. Then at the end, it was death that came.
Robert A. Heinlein, Stranger in a Strange Land|For those of us who can, there are certain precautions we must take in order to protect ourselves and those around us. The first and most important is this-never acknowledge the dead. Don't look at them, don't speak to them don't let them sense your fear. Even when they touch you"..."The second thing you must remember is this," Papa said. "Never stray too far from hallowed ground."..."Rule Number Three," he said. "Keep your distance from those who are haunted. If they seek you out, turn away from them, for they constitute a terrible threat and cannot be trusted." ..."Rule Number Four," he said sternly. "Never, ever tempt fate.
Dorothy L. Sayers, Are Women Human? Astute and Witty Essays on the Role of Women in Society|A man once asked me ... how I managed in my books to write such natural conversation between men when they were by themselves. Was I, by any chance, a member of a large, mixed family with a lot of male friends? I replied that, on the contrary, I was an only child and had practically never seen or spoken to any men of my own age till I was about twenty-five. "Well," said the man, "I shouldn't have expected a woman (meaning me) to have been able to make it so convincing." I replied that I had coped with this difficult problem by making my men talk, as far as possible, like ordinary human beings. This aspect of the matter seemed to surprise the other speaker; he said no more, but took it away to chew it over. One of these days it may quite likely occur to him that women, as well as men, when left to themselves, talk very much like human beings also.
Ziggy Marley|Barbecue may not be the road to world peace, but it's a start.
Constantinos P. Cavafis|What differentiated us was our perception of our mutual reality, which made no difference.
John Henry Newman|A great memory does not make a mind, any more than a dictionary is a piece of literature.
Khalil Gibran|The more you can increase fear of drugs and crime, welfare mothers, immigrants and aliens, the more you control all the people.
Sakurai Sho|Write it as a dream, read it as a goal.
Napz Cherub Pellazo|The right way to start your day...Guard well within yourself with benevolence, Hateful people will always try to provoke you.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|You may be going through a storm right now, but understand that the sun will shine again. It is during the storm that you learn the lesson. You can either let it make you or break you. Take this time to reflect on your choices in life. Many times we create our own storms by the choices we make. Right now while you are in the midst, decide to not go backwards, move forward with more positivity.” 
Ron Baratono|With all our reasons for living. Through our love and laughter, there's an unmistakable truth. The most valuable love in the world is a healthy relationship with our children.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Eena, The Two Sisters|They went back to scooping up breakfast, licking the mess off their fingers. Soon the pile of berry mush was gone and their tongues were dyed a nice midnight blue. Ian seemed in a good mood, sticking his tongue out playfully at his best friend. Eena did likewise, right back at him. She was happy he was smiling, even if his teeth were purple. 	(You’re too much fun, Eena,) Ian announced in her mind. (I’m really glad we’re friends.)	(Me too,) she agreed. (Best friends.)	Ian leaned back on his hands and watched the waves roll in from far off. The swells were building into large, flat-crested waves. (Angelle never thought like you do. You’re creative and kinda crazy. Her thoughts were always more simple and, well…..normal.) 	(Yeah, well, deadly dragons and evil witches tend to suck all the normal right out of you,) she grumbled.	(I suppose.)
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|I'm here. I love you. I don't care if you need to stay up crying all night long, I will stay with you. If you need the medication again, go ahead and take it - I will love you through that, as well. If you don't need the medication, I will love you, too. There's nothing you can ever do to lose my love. I will protect you until you die, and after your death I will still protect you. I am stronger than Depression and I am braver than Loneliness and nothing will ever exhaust me.
C. JoyBell C.|Lots of people use good character and moral standing as a brand name. They know it's what people like, they want people to like them, so they wear it as one would wear a quality brand shirt. Putting it on in the morning and taking it off at the end of the day. Saying all the things they know people want to hear. If they were the very last person on Earth, there would be no reason for them to be of good character, because nobody would see it.
Rachel Simon, The Story of Beautiful Girl|There are two kinds of hope: the kind you couldn't do anything about and the kind you could. And even if the kind you could do something about wasn't what you'd originally wanted, it was still worth doing. A rainy day is better than no day. A small happiness can make a big sadness less sad.
Ernestine Rose|The longer you remain silent, the longer you don't turn over documents, a presumption begins to build that you're withholding something. That's human nature. That may not be a legal presumption, but that's a common sense presumption.
Monica Bellucci|Know the true value of time; snatch, seize, and enjoy every moment of it. No idleness, no laziness, no procrastination: never put off till tomorrow what you can do today.
Ben H. Winters, Underground Airlines|The comparison might strike you as farfetched. What (you might be asking) can a Broadway musical possibly add to the legacy of a Founding Father--a giant of our national life, a war hero, a scholar, a statesman? What's one little play, or even one very big play, next to all that? But there is more than one way to change the world . To secure their freedom, the polyglot American colonists had to come together, and stick together, in the face of enormous adversity. To live in a new way, they first had to think and feel in a new way. It took guns and ships to win the American Revolution, but it also required pamphlets and speeches--and at least one play.
Jaime Allison Parker, Justice of the Fox|The place was a truck stop town. Large 18 wheelers lined the sidewalks and cafes. Giant diesel motors roaring their exhaust into the cloudy night skies. Wearied looking truckers climbed into the cabs like captains of gigantic steel ships. She could not imagine anyone trying to maneuver such large metallic beasts all over the roads of the nation. While the idea of being behind the wheel with nothing but the comfort of the radio, and the isolation were appealing. The thought of fighting all the congested traffic in smog infested industrial waters of choking vapors killed any pleasant dreams of the occupation.
Lisa Kleypas, Married By Morning| "So I've got to find a mountiain that nobody's ever seen. And work out the answer to a riddle that nobody's ever solved. And kill a bear that nobody can fight." Renn sucked in her breath. "You've go to try." 
Adriana Trigiani, Don't Sing at the Table: Life Lessons from My Grandmothers|Art makes the spirit soar. And when the spirit is lifted, life follows.
Thomas Traherne, Centuries of Meditations|It is a good thing to be happy alone. It is better to be happy in company, but good to be happy alone. Men owe me the advantage of their society, but if they deny me that just debt, I will not be unjust to myself, and side with them in bereaving me. I will not be discouraged, lest I be miserable for company. More company increases happiness, but does not lighten or diminish misery.
Tallulah Bankhead|If I had to live my life again, I'd make the same mistakes, only sooner.
|Pain is something that we all feel sometimes; however, some of us see it as an opportunity for mental growth, while others interpret theirs as a definite end to their goals, dreams or desires.
N.T. Wright|Of course, there were innumerable conversions during these years, as Christianity became the religion of Western Europe and Christendom took its characteristic shape. Many of these were undramatic – serfs responding to the importunity of their lords – or group events, as in the conversion of Clovis’s troops. But for many others there was no longer need of conversion. The contours of Christian experience had shifted. Whereas up to the time of Augustine there had been four stages of initiation and incorporation into the church, there were no typically two. The first stage was brief and obligatory – baptism in the days or months after birth. The second stage would happen later and would take longer – if it took place at all – when confirmation happened and when parents instructed their children and godparents instructed their godchildren in the beliefs and behavior of the Christian church. Indeed, at this time of the rapid spread of Christianity into new territories, it was vitally necessary that the baptizands be taught well. The heroic and valorous values of the folk, the glorious narratives of warriors, the adulation of wealth and strength – all of these were as firmly in place in seventh-century Gaul as the pagan values and narratives had been in third-century Rome. If Christianity were to be a religion of revelation that could challenge the commonplaces of Gallic society, if new habits were to be taught and new role models were to be adopted, there would have to be some form of postbaptismal pastoral follow-up.
Robert J. Wiersema|As she cried, I could feel growing there, as had once before, a presence between us: the tiny perfect form of Sherry nestled between her parents' bodies. Our bodies were shaped by her absence, by the almost unbearable weight of her loss.
Søren Kierkegaard, Either/Or: A Fragment of Life|I loved laughing with him, loved that he could make me laugh.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, The Sorrows of Young Werther|Life has enough torturers as it is, without you going around moonlighting as a Grand Inquisitor against yourself.
Steven Eric Chen|...Mankind is not a race of noble savages - but primitive monsters hide inside us, elusive as Sasquatch...
George R.R. Martin, A Knight of the Seven Kingdoms|Regardless of all what you have done or the treasures you have acquired on earth, what counts before God is what you have invested in the Kingdom of God
Jeff Jarvis, What Would Google Do?|Perhaps we need to separate youth from education. Education lasts forever. Youth is the time for exploration, maturation, socialization.
Debasish Mridha|Let us celebrate every little beauty, every little kindness, joy, love, and happiness; and let us express our deepest gratitude for those moments of joy.
E. Nesbit, The Magic World|So he caught her in his arms and kissed her, and they were very happy, and told each other what a beautiful world it was, and how wonderful it was that they should have found each other, seeing that the world is not only beautiful but rather large.
Henri J.M. Nouwen, The Return of the Prodigal Son: A Story of Homecoming|Addiction" might be the best word to explain the lostness that so deeply permeates society. Our addiction make us cling to what the world proclaims as the keys to self-fulfillment: accumulation of wealth and power; attainment of status and admiration; lavish consumption of food and drink, and sexual gratification without distinguishing between lust and love. These addictions create expectations that cannot but fail to satisfy our deepest needs. As long as we live within the world's delusions, our addictions condemn us to futile quests in "the distant country," leaving us to face an endless series of disillusionments while our sense of self remains unfulfilled. In these days of increasing addictions, we have wandered far away from our Father's home. The addicted life can aptly be designated a life lived in "a distant country." It is from there that our cry for deliverance rises up.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|This was many years ago. The staircase wall on which I saw the rising glimmer of his candle has long since ceased to exist. In me, too, many things have been destroyed that I thought were bound to last forever and new ones have formed that have given birth to new sorrows and joys which I could not have foreseen then, just as the old ones have been difficult for me to understand. It was a very long time ago, too, that my father ceased to be able to say to Mama, “Go with the boy.” The possibility of such hours will never be reborn for me.
Mary Kay Andrews|I was supposed to be working on 'The Weekenders,' but I was blocked. I got this crazy idea that I would make Christmas stockings out of blankets.
Kevin DeYoung, Just Do Something: A Liberating Approach to Finding God's Will|What else? She is so beautiful. You don't get tired of looking at her. You never worry if she is smarter than you: You know she is. She is funny without ever being mean. I love her. I am so lucky to love her, Van Houten. You don't get to choose if you get hurt in this world, old man, but you do have some say in who hurts you. I like my choices. I hope she likes hers.I do, Augustus.I do.
Thomas Sowell|What is ominous is the ease with which some people go from saying that they don't like something to saying that the government should forbid it. When you go down that road, don't expect freedom to survive very long.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|That love, which is the highest joy, which is divine simplicity itself, is not for you moderns, you children of reflection. It works only evil in you. As soon as you wish to be natural, you becomecommon. To you nature seems something hostile; you have made devils out of the smiling gods of Greece, and out of me a demon. You can only exorcise and curse me, or slay yourselves in bacchantic madness before my altar. And if ever one of you has had the courage to kiss my red mouth, he makes a barefoot pilgrimage to Rome in penitential robes and expects flowers to grow from his withered staff, while under my feet roses, violets, and myrtles spring up every hour, but their fragrance does not agree with you. Stay among your northern fogs and Christian incense; let us pagans remain under the debris, beneath the lava; do not disinter us.
Ilona Andrews, On the Edge|Georgie, stop trying to resurrect the shoes. They were never alive in the first place.
Tom Althouse|I got that money on my mind but I ain't blind. I see that if I want it, I have to grind.
Roald Dahl, The Twits|Hey, my spaghetti’s moving!” cried Mr. Twit, poking around in it with his fork.“It’s a new kind,” Mrs. Twit said, taking a mouthful from her own plate which of course had no worms. “It’s called Squiggly Spaghetti. It’s delicious. Eat it up while it’s nice and hot.
Maxim Gorky, My Childhood|In the monotony of everyday existence grief comes as a holiday, and a fire is an entertainment. A scratch embellishes an empty face.
Kelseyleigh Reber, If I Resist|We worshipped a great white body that was an avalanche of good news, and we slit it open in every part. “That can’t go through the mail,” the postman gasped, “because that is a super-stabbed body!” The super-stabbed body rose up, with many butterknives sticking out of it, and said, “I AM the mail.” It had so many lovers.
George Orwell|But unfortunately you get no further by merely wishing class-distinctions away. More exactly, it is necessary to wish them away, but your wish has no efficacy unless you grasp what it involves. The fact that has got to be faced is that to abolish class-distinctions means abolishing a part of yourself. Here am I, a typical member of the middle class. It is easy for me to say that I want to get rid of class-distinctions, but nearly everything I think and do is a result of class-distinctions. All my notions –notions of good and evil, of pleasant and unpleasant, of funny and serious, of ugly and beautiful–are essentially middle-class notions; my taste in books and food and clothes, my sense of honour, my table manners, my turns of speech, my accent, even the characteristic movements of my body, are the products of a special kind of upbringing and a special niche about half-way up the social hierarchy.
Harold Eugene Edgerton|I was made to learn Latin and Greek, but I resented it, being of opinion that it was silly to learn a language that was no longer spoken. I believe that all the little good I got from years of classical studies I could have got in adult life in a month.
Ludwig Feuerbach, The Essence of Christianity|[L]et it be remembered that atheism … is the secret of religion … ; religion … in its heart, in its essence, believes in nothing else than the truth and divinity of human nature.
Michael Benzehabe|It's a moment to learn. This was the thing about miscalculations, errors, and mistakes. You admitted them, you used them as teachable moments, and then you moved on. You didn't forget, but you didn't dwell.
George Orwell, Shooting an Elephant|What a piece of work is a man! How noble in reason! how infinite in faculty! in form, in moving, how express and admirable! in action how like an angel! in apprehension how like a god! the beauty of the world! the paragon of animals! And yet, to me, what is this quintessence of dust?
Joe Dunthorne, Submarine|It’s sad really, trying to appreciate all of the great events in our lives and all the amazingly good days. Sometimes it seems like we take them for granted, until something bad comes along to put us back into perspective. Are these bad events catalysts for change, which bring out the resiliency and best in us? A cosmic wakeup call that reminds us to enjoy the good times, because they can be taken away so easily. How messed up and ironic would that be?Is it even possible for us to remember what goodness we’re truly capable of on a daily basis, not just when things cause us to react out of necessity. A base line of beautiful acts and thoughts that are not brought out only by holiday music or someone else’s misfortune, but remain at the surface of who we really are. Wouldn’t that be amazing? Wouldn’t that be something to strive for?
Luke F.D. Marsden, The Celestines: A Short Story|I am nurtured within the womb of universal consciousness. It supports my developing awareness as I witness, engage, learn, create, exchange.
J. N. HALM, CUSTOMER ROMANCE: A New Feel of Customer Service|Customer Romance does not just happen; neither is it dependent on just providing product or service for customers, nor is it a puzzling set of practices. Rather, it occurs as a result of a deliberate, thoughtful plan of action. Companies that are known to provide the best customer experiences have philosophies that guide them to take actions their competitors do not even dream of.
Hamzat haruna Ribah|What ever you think, you can make it real.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|It is easier for one to take risks and to chase his dreams with a mindset that he has nothing to lose. In this lies the immense passion, the great advantage of avoiding a materialistic, pleasure-filled way of life.
Neil Postman|Neither death nor wisdom has a full stop. There are only commas-no destinations, only waiting rooms.
Kiera Woodhull, Chaos of the Mind|Hold your venomDo you recognise the instinctin me, fellow scorpion?
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|Why is wisdom so fair? Why is beauty so wise?Because all else is temporary, while beauty and wisdom are the only real and constant aspects of truth that can be perceived by human means.And I don't mean the kind of surface beauty that fades with age, or the sort of shallow wisdom that gets lost in plati
Harold Brodkey|You meet dozens of people who tell you you can't do it. Surround yourself with the people who believe you will do it. Seek out and spend time with those rare people who tell you, no BS, why you haven't done it yet, what it takes to do it, and how they could help you do it. Note how this advice works whether 'it' is robbing a bank, opening a gallery, or writing a bestseller. "It" is up to you. But you can't do it alone.
Willa Cather|Well, a girlfriend once told me never to fight with anybody you don't love.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|For things I am not thankful for―experiences I would never volunteer to relive―I recognize how they have changed me. My depth of compassion and humility, the sincerity of my empathy and understanding, and the duration of my patience have all been refined by bitter suffering. I thank God for the lessons learned. I am a better person for it, but I still abhor those awful trials.
Azar Nafisi, Reading Lolita in Tehran|Do not, under any circumstances, belittle a work of fiction by trying to turn it into a carbon copy of real life; what we search for in fiction is not so much reality but the epiphany of truth.
Charles Jefferson, The character of Jesus|Every day, in every moment, you get to exercise choices that will determine whether or not you will become a great person, living a great life. Greatness is not something predetermined, predestined, or carved into your fate by forces beyond your control. GREATNESS IS ALWAYS IN THE MOMENT OF THE DECISION. But you have to start.
George MacDonald, Mary Marston|Love and marriage are of the Father's most powerful means for the making of his foolish little ones into sons and daughters. But so unlike in many cases are the immediate consequences to those desired and expected, that it is hard for not a few to believe that he is anywhere looking after their fate--caring about them at all. And the doubt would be a reasonable one, if the end of things was marriage. But the end is life--that we become the children of God; after which, all things can and will go their grand, natural course; the heart of the Father will be content for his children, and the hearts of the children will be content in their Father.
Teju Cole, Open City|Andrew laughed at the use of the word “theater.” “B.Atlman will have plenty of theater on Monday,” he said, “when Estée Lauder arrives to secure a prime location in the new cosmetic department. I was told on Friday that she intends to bring along her husband, Joseph, as well as her sons, Leonard and Ronald, to make sure she gets exactly what she wants.”	Nina laughed loudly. “Oh, she’ll get what she wants all right. She’s a determined woman.” She glanced sideways at Dana. “And we know what a determined woman can accomplish, don’t we?”	“Yes, we do,” Dana replied. In Nina’s presence, the restrictions imposed by Bea and Helen seemed almost trivial. Dana had experienced a single setback, but Nina was a reminder of what real determination and enthusiasm could accomplish.	“Her reputation precedes her,” Andrew said. “Ira already told me to give Ms. Lauder whatever she wants.”	“Sounds like a done deal,” Dana said.	“That’s why there’s going to be a little drama on Monday,” Andrew said, rubbing his hands together in anticipation. “The space she wants has already been promised to Charles of the Ritz.
Ashlyn Kane, American Love Songs|You need to acquire a lover, Madam President.
Bill Maher, The New New Rules: A Funny Look At How Everybody But Me Has Their Head Up Their Ass|I find that the world is changing much, much faster than I can even bitch about it.
Michael Finkel, The Stranger in the Woods: The Extraordinary Story of the Last True Hermit|The American essayist William Deresiewicz wrote that "no real excellence, personal or social, artistic, philosophical, scientific, or moral, can arise without solitude.
Ella Frank, Exquisite|He was working that charm right now on the trainer who kneeled before him and touched his thigh as though it were the thigh of David, Michelangelo’s glorious statue come to life right here on court.
Victor Hugo|Ultimately, we need to take control over the money supply out of the hands of our governments and make the production of money again subject to the principle of free association. The first step to endorsing and promoting this strategy is to realize that governments do not—indeed cannot—fulfill any positive role whatever through the control of our money.
Diane Ackerman, A Natural History of the Senses|It struck her how eating was a comfort during a hard time because it reminded you that there had been other days, good days, when you’d eaten the same thing. Reminded you there were good days in life, when precious little else did. (268)
Peter S. Beagle, The Last Unicorn|The magician stood erect, menacing the attackers with demons, metamorphoses, paralyzing ailments, and secret judo holds. Molly picked up a rock.
Herschell Gordon Lewis|He left not knowing where he was going, he got there not knowing where he was, and he came back not knowing where he had been. But history books will point out Columbus as the person who made the Americas available for exploitation. I guess I can make the same kind of ridiculous claim.
Indra Nooyi|There is not to be found, in all history, any miracle attested by a sufficient number of men, of such unquestioned good sense, education and learning, as to secure us against all delusion in themselves.
Holly Hood|I adore you, Emilia Ward, let me worship you and I will be your dog, your slave… anything you want. Just don’t leave me.
Ginger Gilmour, Memoirs of the Bright Side of the Moon|A great philosopher once said: 'We are what we Contemplate'And in these modern times when mankind is constantly confronted with images of conflict and world disasters, it seems very important to contemplate the Beautiful. It has become my personal crusade as an artist, to create images which uplift and nurture the human heart; to create that which serves as a reminder of what is Sacred and Beautiful within the drama of Life....Ever since I can remember, my innermost nature has always been to do acts of kindness and to create, from saving lost animals, to organizing charitable events; from mothering my four children to now giving birth to the 'Art of Beauty'.
Penny Reid, Love Hacked|I didn't tell her, because I didn't think it would help, but all people are lost, to varying degrees. I suspected that it’s only when we love others—through purpose, friendship, romance, or any combination thereof—that we become found.
Doris Lessing, Re: Colonised Planet 5, Shikasta|Even though God rules in the affairs of men, yet the earth is not God’s jurisdiction.
Lauren Christopher, The Red Bikini|After he tipped his hat and left, Jillian watched him stride down the hallway. Yeah, Big-brotherly overprotection aside, fortysomething looked good on the police captain from this view, too.
Lawrence  W. Reed|Do you think people can change?" I ask Rick "Yes." he answers plainly. "There are those who can." That grabs my attention. "So you believe it's possible?""Miss Stella."He gives me his teacher-to-pupil stare. "Its boils down to choice.
Dale Carnegie|Remember, happiness doesn't depend upon who you are or what you have, it depends solely upon what you think.
Thomas Flindt, Happy Lemons: How Laughter Breeds Success|There are many reasons to be simple. It’s simply to learn effectively, to work positively, to communicate actively and to live successfully.
Oscar Wilde|Some folks rail against other folks, because other folks have what some folks would be glad of.
Gunnar D Ridgeback  (Lori Wittenwiler), Through the Eyes of a Ridgeback:Gunnar's Deep Thoughts|The music filled the room, making the windows shake. I'd forgotten how much I loved to dance. It didn't take long before I was letting go of Princess Catherine and dancing like Cathy-and it felt good. Free and fun. I bumped butts with Patricia, wrapped a boa around Chadwick, and laughed as Daniel did the YMCA.
Edwin M. Yoder Jr.|There is a certain loveliness, I think, to performing deep cleaning in one’s underwear on a beautiful summer day.
Colleen Hoover, It Ends with Us|Dance, cher?” he asks, his blue eyes playful. I nod and he pulls me gently into his arms. He’s warm. We sway to the music and the gentle rocking of the boat. His hand rests on the small of my back, in that sweet spot that makes you feel feminine and protected and adored all at once.
P.G. Wodehouse, Carry on, Jeeves|American society has willfully deleted the fact of homosexual behavior from its mind, laundering things as they come along, in order to maintain a more comfortable illusion. The censors removed it; the critics said, "Well, look! It isn't there"; and anyone who still saw it was labeled a pervert
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Most of our waking life is make believe. If there was a way to record every dream that crosses our minds, the true nature of humans would be laid bare
Leonard Cohen, Beautiful Losers|Heartbreak comes in many forms: infidelity, lies, or a simple, old fashioned break-up. But, there's another reason no one ever thinks about when it comes to heartbreak. It's something that outweighs the fear of being alone, and tells the brokenhearted individual that he or she will never find love again.
Moses Tiko Lungu|Neither any one in this world is born as our friend nor born as our enemy.Our behavior, attitude & approach makes them become either one.
Shirley Chisholm|In this age, I don't care how tactically or operationally brilliant you are: if you cannot create harmony - even vicious harmony - on the battlefield based on trust across service lines, across coalition and national lines, and across civilian/military lines, you need to go home, because your leadership is obsolete.
RVM|Think of Today, not Tomorrow. It’s time to be Happy, not live a Life of Sorrow. Find out those things that make you Glad & eliminate those that make you Sad.
r.m drake|and there were times when i felt lost,but that did not stop me,for the further i went ,the more i collected myselfas i walked awayand the more i walked awaythe closer i got it to all,,,and in the end, i became the journey,and like all journeys,i did not end, i justchanged my directions.
Seneca, Letters from a Stoic|Each day acquire something that will fortify you against poverty, against death, indeed against other misfortunes as well; and after you have run over many thoughts, select one to be thoroughly digested that day.
Abraham Lincoln, Speeches and Writings, 1859-1865|Humility was an offensive characteristic for a God, in the eyes of early non-Christians. How could Christians worship a God who deliberately chose to share in human birth with all its mess and vulnerability and limitation, as well as a shameful death? How can we now worship a God to whom all the unimportant little details of our lives actually matter? How can we respect a God who takes us more seriously than we take ourselves, and yet is not impressed with all our accomplishments? Who loves us equally well, whetherwe succeed or fail? How could it really be that God simply disregards not only our education, our tastes, our industry, our niceness, our worthiness in order to love us? God's greatness we can begin to approach. The sheer humility of God's love is incomprehensible.
Bill Nye|A fool's brain digests philosophy into folly, science into superstition, and art into pedantry. Hence University education.
Melissa  Brown, Champagne Toast|If I was into girls, I'd do you,” I tell him honestly. He leans forward conspiratorially. ”Psst, I'll let you in on a secret Fred,” he glances sheepishly from side to side. ”I actually have a cock. Don't tell anyone, it would ruin my reputation. But feel free to do me any time you want.
David Miller, AWOL on the Appalachian Trail|Your most precious memories will focus on those you loved, those who loved you, and what you did together in the service of the Lord.
Paula Creamer|Most fast food is fried. Fried food tastes great, and people don't seem to care about the fat aspect.
Rhys Ella, Kato and the Fountain of Wrinkles|He watches the shadows cast by her hands as she sorts through their clothes scattered across the floor. The shape of her arms as she reaches up, slipping his black T-shirt over her head -- like victory. He considers the triumph of this moment, the slick of sweat on his chest. A small clatter, then the sound of a striking match. Her face glows. he reaches for her. She blows the match out, darts across the room, lights another one, glows, blows it out.
Soar, Yours, poetically: Special Deluxe Edition of Selected Poems and Quotes|Cultivate the distance. Nurture the silence. Let it grow until your fragile heart is as far and inaccessible as his marbled emotions. Don't talk. Don't move. Sit still. If he shows up, lie. Believe your own excuses.And if he tries to charm his way back in, punch him in the face.
Chinonye J. Chidolue|Her eyes bled from venomous anger...Her flower had been gruesomely deflowered...Her life had slowly turned into a blunder...There was no more thinking further....She would rather become a Foetus murderer Than end up a "hopeless" mother....Of course, she found peace in the formerUntil later years of emotional traumaOh, the foetus hunt was forever!The only thing you should abort is the thought of aborting your baby. Stop the hate and violence against innocent children.
A.A. Milne|How do you spell 'love'?" - Piglet"You don't spell it...you feel it." - Pooh
C. N. Lester|When we are surrounded by such diversity - in nature, in culture, in human spirit - how can we stand not to acknowledge it?
Dustin Cruz|Who she walks with, will tell you if she's worth it.
Meljean Brook, The Iron Duke|...she studied his clothes, his top hat. “And you’ve just come from Parliament? How are you finding that?”“It’s much like piracy. You tell your enemies that if they don’t fall in line, you’ll leave them to die.
Tessa Hadley|But we live in a karaoke society... Many people feel they have to dance to someone else's tune, to sing someone else's song.
Janice Coy, The Smallest of Waves|Not today. Not sitting next to Quinn who was semi-casual in black slacks and a gray sweater pushed up to his muscular forearms. Seriously, why did forearms have to be so sexy?Why did he have to be so sexy? And why did she have the ridiculous urge to reach out and stroke his… sweater. She just wanted to see if it was as soft as it looked.Right.
Philip G. Zimbardo, Man, Interrupted: Why Young Men Are Struggling & What We Can Do about It|We have nothing against playing video games; they have many good features and benefits. Our concern is that when they are played to excess, especially in social isolation, they can hinder a young man's ability and interest in developing his face-to-face social skills. Multiple problems, including obesity, violence, anxiety, lower school performance, social phobia and shyness, greater impulsivity and depression, have all been associated with excessive gaming. The variety and intensity of video game action makes other parts of life, like school, seem comparatively boring, and that creates a problem with their academic performance, which in turn might require medication to deal with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), which then leads to other problems down the road in a disastrous negative cycle...
Maggie Georgiana Young, Just Another Number|My wakeup call wasn’t some light switch of empowerment. From as early as preschool I feared that if I didn’t grow up to be the pretty princess men fawned over, I was a failure. That mentality was my disease. It got me raped. It made me feel dirty and devalued because my cherry wasn’t popped on a bed of rose petals. It fueled an adolescence juggling starvation and vomiting until my throat bled out and my stomach acid burned through the plumbing. It made me snort coke, smoke meth, and routinely gulp down narcotic petri dishes in hopes of obtaining hallucinogenic intimacy with junkie boyfriends. But most of all, it made me waste my youth chasing, obsessing over, fighting for, worshipping, clinging to, and crying over one after another loser. At some point, I just quit giving a fuck.
Ivanka Trump|Theologically, the creation of chocolate demonstrates both the unity and the diversity of humanity. Wherever you taste it, in every country of the world, it is immediately recognizable. Other things, in every cuisine, are just food, but chocolate is chocolate.
Amitav Ghosh, The Glass Palace|Another myth that is firmly upheld is that disabled people are dependent and non-disabled people are independent. No one is actually independent. This is a myth perpetuated by disablism and driven by capitalism - we are all actually interdependent. Chances are, disabled or not, you don’t grow all of your food. Chances are, you didn’t build the car, bike, wheelchair, subway, shoes, or bus that transports you. Chances are you didn’t construct your home. Chances are you didn’t sew your clothing (or make the fabric and thread used to sew it). The difference between the needs that many disabled people have and the needs of people who are not labelled as disabled is that non-disabled people have had their dependencies normalized. The world has been built to accommodate certain needs and call the people who need those things independent, while other needs are considered exceptional. Each of us relies on others every day. We all rely on one another for support, resources, and to meet our needs. We are all interdependent. This interdependence is not weakness; rather, it is a part of our humanity.
George Gordon Byron, Childe Harold's Pilgrimage|But pomp and power alone are woman's care,And where these are light Eros finds a feere;Maidens, like moths, are ever caught by glare,And Mammon wins his way where Seraphs might despair.
Jeffery Deaver, The Bodies Left Behind|She was reflecting back on a truth she had learned over the years: that people heard what they wanted to hear, saw what they wanted, believed what they wanted.
Robert De Niro|Hip-hop is more about attaining wealth. People respect success. They respect big. They don't even have to like your music. If you're big enough, people are drawn to you.
Paul C. Nagel, John Quincy Adams: A Public Life, a Private Life|The author stipulates that while television lately background noise for a child, it tends to shift to the foreground for the adult. The adult pays enough attention to the media attention is paid to the child.
Peter Ustinov|I am not an Athenian or a Greek, but a citizen of the world.
Trevor Noah, Born a Crime: Stories From a South African Childhood|Language has infinite power and as long as there’s Romeo and Juliet or Laila and Majnu or You and Me, as long as there’s love in the world, language will find a way to cast its spell.
Mark Ronson|So I go to my first book signing, and these two girls came up and gave me a piece of paper: '10 reasons you should date our dad. He climbed Mount Kilimanjaro. He's a lawyer.' He didn't know what was going on. He didn't even know me. They called him, and he came down and asked me out that day. Now I'm dating their dad!
Ariel Sharon|Atheism shows strength of mind, but only to a certain degree.
Edward Fahey, The Gardens of Ailana|Life is about trying to find our ways back to our one shared soul. When we’re looking out at the stars, we’re looking into ourselves.
Colin Nissan|Often when he was teaching me to write in Greek, the Fox would say, "Child, to say the very thing you really mean, the whole of it, nothing more or less or other than what you really mean; that is the whole art and joy of words." A glib saying.
Bill Clinton|The accomplishments of the women in The Counselors are a testament to the power and promise of the American Dream and are sure to resonate deeply with many young women who have the desire and the ability to make their own unique contributions to this legacy of progress. . . . Just as the women in this book were empowered by the efforts and example of those who came before them, a new generation will be inspired and encouraged by the spirit and achievements of this remarkable group.
Mike Pence|Start with good people, lay out the rules, communicate with your employees, motivate them and reward them. If you do all those things effectively, you can't miss.
Calista Lynne, We Awaken|At the graveyard there was no hope, so there was nothing to lose and no chance for disappointment.
Jenny Erpenbeck, Visitation|As humans, we roam the entire world. We even venture beyond it not space. The whole planet is ours, but the whole planet is not our home. Instead, home is the ground we measure with our own two feet. And home is the place that measures us. Home is the place that names us and the place we, in turn, name. It feeds us, body and soul, and if we are living well, we feed it too. Home is the place we cultivate with our love.
Tonya Hurley, Homecoming|You did what your heart told you to do,' Brain complimented. 'It is what leaders, not followers, do.
Vanna Bonta|I've never isolated role models based on gender. I have more male role models due to the mere fact that I've done business with more of them and they're leaders within the verticals I work. Of those, Tony Hsieh, CEO of Zappos.com, is an entrepreneur and personal friend that I have a great deal of respect for.
Mark Shaw, The Keeper Of The Wind|Even as rowers must subsume their often fierce sense of independence and self-reliance, at the same time they must hold true to their individuality, their unique capabilities as oarsmen or oarswomen or, for that matter, as human beings. p 179
Frank Sonnenberg, Follow Your Conscience: Make a Difference in Your Life & in the Lives of Others|There is always a mountain ahead, that must be conquered.
Peter Jackson|A steady diet of the higher truths might prove exhausting, but it's important that we acknowledge their validity and celebrate their survival.
A.K. Kuykendall, The Possession|Time is tick, tick, ticking away. How many souls will I capture today? Will they be a challenge or will they be given? Only time will tell as the clock keeps tick, tick, ticking. Your god has arrived with enough hatred for y’all, with enough evil for the big and small, so come one, come all. I will shred your souls and place them in my satchel, call you a settler and make you my peddler. Come one, come all, come stand behind your god. I will lead you into the darkness of Earth's end. Come one, come all, my wilted flowers, come claim your title, speak out and cheer it. Come one, come all, let’s have a ball, my wilted flowers . . . Sweet, Unconquerable Spirits.
Brenna Yovanoff, The Space Between|She'd said that revenge was not sweet, that it was bloody. She was wrong. It *was* sweet. For one fleeting, glorious moment you felt incredible satisfaction. Then it was gone, empty, and you had to go on living. The power high that filled me with her light had faded, and all I tasted now were bitter ashes.
Tobias Wolff, This Boy's Life|Love changes everything. I never suspected it would be so. Requited love, I should say ...
Marguerite Yourcenar, Memoirs of Hadrian|Man cannot spend all his time doing evil, and even in the company of pirates there must be some sweet moments on their sinister ship when you feel as if you were aboard a pleasure yacht.
Criss Jami|Christ died not so that you could freely go on sinning, and therefore, continue dying; He died rather so that you could freely grow in obedience, and therefore, start living.
E. M. Youman|What sells, today, is whatever Fucks You Up - whatever short-circuits your brain and grounds it out for the longest possible time.
Brenda Johnson Padgitt|Today you will have countless opportunities to take action towards any dream or goal you've ever had. No matter how long you’ve waited, it’s never too late. Let today be the day you give life to your dreams and goals. Don't throw away another day!
Philip M. Rosenzweig|Success in business means doing things better than rivals, not just doing things well.
Megan Carson, A Year of Blind Dates: A Single Girl's Search for "The One"|I'm not the settling-down type, I'm afraid. I think I'm cursed with a touch of Dating ADD.
Emil M. Cioran| I simply hate the people who have no good words for anyone, who is impolite & who don't respect anyone.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|If only you will hate that bad attitude, that bad character God is willing to take it away from you. But if you love it, you are ‪worshiping‬ that spirit and no prayer nor pastor can help.
Donna Tartt, The Secret History|The lamplight was eerie, and, standing there motionless in our bathrobes, sleepy, with shadows flickering all around, I felt as though I had woken from one dream into an even more remote one, some bizarre wartime bomb shelter of the unconscious.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|We are all human, so we may trespass each other. But there is always grace for forgiveness.
Julie Mehretu|When I was a kid, 'Land of the Lost' was my favorite show, just because it was - in the landscape of Saturday morning cartoons - it was so unique. It was a live-action show and kids were in it, these creatures, these Sleestaks and dinosaurs. Every week was a different adventure. I couldn't wait. I loved it so much.
Jana Elston|IT'S NEVER TOO LATEIt's never too late to look after yourself. Never too late to eat healthily, get plenty of rest, exercise regularly and look after your skin. You'd be amazed at how quickly your skin and body can rejuvenate given the right environment.
Orson Scott Card, Heartfire|There was no justice, there was only life. And life she had.
Flora Kidd, Passionate Choice|Both men had made her feel as if she were the one who was at fault, a typically masculine reaction to a woman who was able to act independently of them.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Believers need the gift of discernment, or at least respect for the opinions of those who have it . . .believers are to test the various spirits and doctrines that abound.Most of all we are to test them against thestandard of the Word of God.
Paulo Coelho, Brida|When you were in love, you were capable of learning everything and of knowing things you had never dared even to think, because love was the key to understanding all of the mysteries.
Craig Groeschel, Dare to Drop the Pose: Ten Things Christians Think but Are Afraid to Say|When we front a fiction, we are destined for loneliness.
Susan Sontag|We may be floating on Tao, but there is nothing wrong with steering. If Tao is like a river, it is certainly good to know where the rocks are.
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|It is very easy to grow tired at collecting; the period of a low tide is about all men can endure. At first the rocks are bright and every moving animal makes his mark on the attention. The picture is wide and colored and beautiful. But after an hour and a half the attention centers weary, the color fades, and the field is likely to narrow to an individual animal. Here one may observe his own world narrowed down until interest and, with it, observation, flicker and go out. And what if with age this weariness becomes permanent and observation dim out and not recover? Can this be what happens to so many men of science? Enthusiasm, interest, sharpness, dulled with a weariness until finally they retire into easy didacticism? With this weariness, this stultification of attention centers, perhaps there comes the pained and sad memory of what the old excitement was like, and regret might turn to envy of the men who still have it. Then out of the shell of didacticism, such a used-up man might attack the unwearied, and he would have in his hands proper weapons of attack. It does seem certain that to a wearied man an error in a mass of correct data wipes out all the correctness and is a focus for attack; whereas the unwearied man, in his energy and receptivity, might consider the little dross of error a by-product of his effort. These two may balance and produce a purer thing than either in the end. These two may be the stresses which hold up the structure, but it is a sad thing to see the interest in interested men thin out and weaken and die. We have known so many professors who once carried their listeners high on their single enthusiasm, and have seen these same men finally settle back comfortably into lectures prepared years before and never vary them again. Perhaps this is the same narrowing we observe in relation to ourselves and the tide pool—a man looking at reality brings his own limitations to the world. If he has strength and energy of mind the tide pool stretches both ways, digs back to electrons and leaps space into the universe and fights out of the moment into non-conceptual time. Then ecology has a synonym which is ALL.
Nicole Krauss, Man Walks Into a Room|It would mark the end of a year that he might look back on as hands, a pivot between two lines. Or not: maybe enough time, would pass that eventually he would look back on his life, all of it, as a series of events both logical and continuous.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|What initially began as a couple of pieces that fitted together from first dates, slowly expands with time and for a moment the puzzle actually looks like it will be realized. Heartbreak is when the puzzle is nearly finished and you suddenly realize that pieces are missing. Perhaps they were never in the box in the first place or perhaps they went missing along the way; regardless, the puzzle remains undone. You frantically search the box and your surroundings, desperately trying to find the missing pieces, anxiously looking to fill the void, but you search for what cannot be found.
Miguel Ruiz, The Mastery of Love: A Practical Guide to the Art of Relationship --Toltec Wisdom Book|...What you are is a force--a force that makes it possible for your body to live, a force that makes it possible for your whole mind to dream...You are life
Sergei Lukyanenko, Day Watch|Loneliness, dejection, the contempt or pity of people around you--these are unpleasant feelings. But they are precisely the things that produce genuine Dark Ones.
Nenia Campbell, Through a Glass, Darkly|Solus walked over to the young brown-haired man and grabbed him by the front of his shirt, ignoring the look of panic he received in return. "You can call me Solus." His golden eyes trailed meaningfully down the mortal's body before he added, softly, "I've been told it's easier to scream.
Doreen Valiente, Charge of the Goddess: The Mother of Modern Witchcraft|Let my worship be within the heart that rejoices, for behold, all acts of love and pleasure are my rituals.Therefore, let there be beauty and strength, power and compassion, honor and humility, mirth and reverence within you.
Rebecca McNutt, Shadowed Skies: The Third Smog City Novel|Her gaze wavered towards one of the books on the sales counter beside the register, a hardcover copy of Shakespeare’s Hamlet with many of the pages dog-eared and stained with coffee and tea. The store owner caught her looking at it and slid it across the counter towards her. “You ever read Hamlet?” he questioned.“I tried to when I was in high school,” said Mandy, picking up the book and flipping it over to read the back. “I mean, it’s expected that everyone should like Shakespeare’s books and plays, but I just….” her words faltered when she noticed him laughing to himself. “What’s so funny, Sir?” she added, slightly offended.“…Oh, I’m not laughing at you, just with you,” said the store owner. “Most people who say they love Shakespeare only pretend to love his work. You’re honest Ma’am, that’s all. You see, the reason you and so many others are put-off by reading Shakespeare is because reading his words on paper, and seeing his words in action, in a play as they were meant to be seen, are two separate things… and if you can find a way to relate his plays to yourself, you’ll enjoy them so much more because you’ll feel connected to them. Take Hamlet for example – Hamlet himself is grieving over a loss in his life, and everyone is telling him to move on but no matter how hard he tries to, in the end all he can do is to get even with the ones who betrayed him.”“…Wow, when you put it that way… sure, I think I’ll buy a copy just to try reading, why not?” Mandy replied with a smile.
May Sarton|He didn't mince words. “Anyone that wants to live, get in.” His voice was deep and powerful, matching the promise his body made. He was confident and self-assured, the kind of man you wanted in your corner when the monsters came knocking. With his arrival, our chance of survival had just shot up exponentially.
Carol Emshwiller, Carmen Dog|For all their simplicity, humans could be remarkably perceptive, though they didn't know it most of the time, and their ability to thrust straight through deception and see to the heart of truth was often lost with childhood. By adulthood humans had trained themselves to be coy and manipulative in response to the coy and manipulative society in which they lived, which led them to believe that everyone was trying to be as coy and manipulative as themselves and were uncertain about what was true and what was not. Beyond their few flashes of clarity, everything became a muddle of colliding doubts.
Thomas S. Monson|I think one of the sweetest lessons taught by the Prophet, and yet one of the saddest, occurred close to the time of his death. He was required to leave his plan and vision of the Rocky Mountains and give himself up to face a court of supposed justice.These are his words: 'I am going like a lamb to the slaughter; but I am calm as a summer's morning; I have a conscience void of offense towards God, and towards all men' (D&C 135:4). That statement of the Prophet teaches us obedience to law and the importance of having a clear conscience toward God and toward our fellowmen. The Prophet Joseph Smith taught these principles--by example.There was to be one great final lesson before his mortal life ended. He was incarcerated in Carthage Jail with his brother Hyrum, with John Taylor, and with Willard Richards. The angry mob stormed the jail; they came up the stairway, blasphemous in their cursing, heavily armed, and began to fire at will. Hyrum was hit and died. John Taylor took several balls of fire within his bosom. The Prophet Joseph, with his pistol in hand, was attempting to defend his life and that of his brethren, and yet he could tell from the pounding on the door that this mob would storm that door and would kill John Taylor and Willard Richards in an attempt to kill him.And so his last great act here upon the earth was to leave the door and lead Willard Richards to safety, throw the gun on the floor, and go to the window, that they might see him, that the attention of this ruthless mob might be focused upon him rather than the others. Joseph Smith gave his life. Willard Richards was spared, and John Taylor recovered from his wounds.'Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends' (John 15:13). The Prophet Joseph Smith taught us love--by example.
Nora Ephron, I Feel Bad about My Neck: And Other Thoughts on Being a Woman|Reading is everything. Reading makes me feel like I've accomplished something, learned something, become a better person. Reading makes me smarter. Reading gives me something to talk about later on. Reading is the unbelievably healthy way my attention deficit disorder medicates itself. Reading is escape, and the opposite of escape; it's a way to make contact with reality after a day of making things up, and it's a way of making contact with someone else's imagination after a day that's all too real. Reading is grist. Reading is bliss.
John Mayer|Price is rarely the most important thing. A cheap product might sell some units. Somebody gets it home and they feel great when they pay the money, but then they get it home and use it and the joy is gone.
Niall Williams, History of the Rain|Yet while Vidal writes best about power, politics, and history White’s strengths are sex, art and – sometimes – love. Each tends to stumble when he enters the other’s domain.
Virginia Satir|Of course, the ideal scenario for parenting is obviously two parents of a mature age.
Jane Austen, Mansfield Park|Be careful of your mood and feelings, for there is an unbroken connection between your feelings and your visible world.
A Knights Tale|Can a man change the stars?" "Yes William. If he believes enough, a man can do anything!
Jennifer Armentrout, Frigid|She let out a strangled laugh. “Yeah, that’s how it works. I just woke up one morning and was like, ‘gee, I want to screw Kyler.’ Seriously, you have no clue.
Rob Bignell, Editor, Writing Affirmations: A Collection of Positive Messages to Inspire Writers|The painter does not conceive himself as existing in himself, he conceives himself as a reflection of the objects he has put into his pictures and he lives in the reflections of his pictures, a writer, a serious writer, conceives himself as existing by and in himself, he does not at all live in the reflection of his books, to write he must first of all exist in himself, but for a painter to be able to paint, the painting must first of all be done.
Larry Watson, Let Him Go|When night comes on in a room lit by kerosene, any flicker of the flame can give the sense that darkness is about to triumph.
Nancy Snow, Propaganda, Inc.: Selling America's Culture to the World|The majority is by no means omniscient just because it is the majority. In fact, I've found that the line which divides majority opinion from mass hysteria is often so fine as to be virtually invisible.
Daniel Handler, We Are Pirates|You've been away a long time. Were you lost?' He sounds lost himself, half strangled and fighting to stay conscious.'Wounded, not lost,' I tell him, but I do feel lost.
Mary J. Williams, If You Only Knew:|I made the first move. Now it's up to him."	"Telling him you should hit the sack and get it out of your system is not making the first move.
Euginia Herlihy|Dreamers do not believe in power, they believe in imagination the source of creativity.
Robin Bielman, Take a Risk Bundle|She put her hands on her hips. "You're not human."	"Neither are you."	"I beg your pardon?"	"Ethereal comes to mind.
Pope Francis|I have my ethics and morals. I have my anchor point of what is right and wrong in real life, but I'm not afraid to entertain any and every aspect of personality in relationship to creating a character.
Donald Norman|Because of technological limits, there is a certain amount of food that we can produce per acre. If we were to have intensive greenhouse agriculture, we could have much higher production.
Debasish Mridha|The fastest and cheapest way to eradicate poverty is not by giving food but by giving hope, love, and education.
Robert Zemeckis|When movies first came out, maybe they were in black and white and there wasn't any sound and people were saying the theater is still the place to be. But now movies and theater have found their own place in the world. They are each legitimate art forms.
Mark Manson, The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck: A Counterintuitive Approach to Living a Good Life|In my life, I have given a fuck about many people and many things. I have also not given a fuck about many people and many things. And like the road not taken, it was the fucks not given that made all the difference.
Natalia Marx, Fireheart|Like a dried up spring, magic trickled forth with less and less strength, until one day, the people awoke and there was simply no more to be had.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Connect by listening well and speaking relevantly without being prejudiced or sarcastic. Learn to listen with your eyes as much as you listen with your ears. Generate interest in the person and subject, that way people will become more interested in you.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|The man consummatig his life dies his death triumphantly,surrounded by men filled with hope and making solmn vows, thus one should learn to die.Friedrich Nietzsche - thus spoke zarathustra.
Israelmore Ayivor|True leaders are willing to die for their dreams. They don't oppress with ignorance; they impress with visions". They live like Martin Luther King Jr, Nelson Mandela...
Kamaran Ihsan Salih|In a lawsuit the first to speak seems right,until someone comes forward and cross-examines.
Haruki Murakami, Blind Willow, Sleeping Woman|I think that many people do not know what empathy is. They think empathy is understanding their own selves and then connecting with like-minded individuals, who of course will understand them since they all share the same ideas. Empathy has nothing to do with likemindedness; it has to do with being able to feel the things that others feel, even when you do not share the same ideas, life story, or absolutely nothing at all! When I hear someone say, “I don’t understand you”, that makes me feel sorry for them. I can even understand a rock, and they can’t understand me? My pet rocks have more empathy than they do.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|When the last woman dies, the last man dies!
Darynda Jones, The Dirt on Ninth Grave|I laughed at him as he said this. “I am not an angel,” I asserted; “and I will not be one till I die: I will be myself. Mr. Rochester, you must neither expect nor exact anything celestial of me—for you will not get it, any more than I shall get it of you: which I do not at all anticipate.
Sam Harris, The End of Faith: Religion, Terror, and the Future of Reason|120 million of us place the big bang 2,500 years after the Babylonians and Sumerians learned to brew beer.
Oliver James|Our attitudes and personal values create outcomes. The consequence of any venture shapes our evolving ethical precepts, and the product of a sundry of worldly experiences in turn establishes our personality.
Nisargadatta Maharaj, I Am That: Talks with Sri Nisargadatta Maharaj|Truth is not a reward for good behaviour, nor a prize for passing some tests. It cannot be brought about. It is the primary, the unborn, the ancient source of all that is. You are eligible because you are. You need not merit truth. It is your own....Stand still, be quiet.
Laurann Dohner, Moon|I’ve had four serious boyfriends in my life.”He growled.“What is wrong?”“Love is forever.” He gave her a disgusted look. “You have no idea what real love is, Joy.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|The Constitution itself, the DNA of the country, can be altered by the collective will of the people, making America a self-evolving and self-writing program.
Marilynne Robinson, Gilead|When you encounter another person…it is as if a question is being put to you. So you must think, What is the Lord asking of me in this moment, in this situation? If you confront insult or antagonism, your first impulse will be to respond in kind. But if you think, as it were, This is an emissary sent from the Lord, and some benefit is intended for me, first of all the occasion to demonstrate my faithfulness, the chance to show that I do in some small degree participate in the grace that saved me, you are free to act otherwise than as circumstances would seem to dictate. You are free to act by your own lights. You are freed at the same time of the impulse to hate or resent that person. He would probably laugh at the thought that the Lord sent him to you for your benefit (and his), but that is the perfection of the disguise, his own ignorance of it…I am reminded of this precious instruction by my own great failure to live up to it recently…
Austin O'Malley|Be like a rocky promontory against which the restless surf continually pounds; it stands fast while the churning sea is lulled to sleep at its feet. I hear you say, "How unlucky that this should happen to me!" Not at all! Say instead, "How lucky that I am not broken by what has happened and am not afraid of what is about to happen. The same blow might have struck anyone, but not many would have absorbed it without capitulation or complaint.
Chris     Murray, Selling with EASE: The Four Step Sales Cycle Found in Every Successful Business Transaction|Your target market are more bothered about whether what you sell will get them promoted, sacked, recognised, accepted, praised or laid.
Stephen Richards, The Ultimate Focus Builder|Focusing is the great secret of power. If you want to use your full amount of focus, you must close down all other thought and direct your power of generating mental steam toward one outcome.
Deyth Banger|The laws are made to be broken,... if nobody will break them why they are made???
Melissa Cutler, Tempted into Danger|She had a hand on his belt, ready to show him exactly what she had in mind for the night, when he lowered to his knees between her legs, his hands spanning her ribs. Nervousness had vanished from his expression, replaced by eyes that gimmered with tenderness and perhaps even a hint of joy.
Lisa Mischelle Wood, Just Believe: A Collection of Christian Poetry|This is what I mean..." I say softly, "you don't seem very angel-y right now""I'm not feeling very angel-y right now", he reply
Matshona Dhliwayo|The king should be the servant of his people, and seek to uplift them and their lives.
Tyler L. H.|Inside everyone is a their own madness, a madness only courage can stand to, but even courage is never alone. He has Love, Hatred, Sadness, Confusion, Bravery, and in some special cases Intelligence.
Jennifer Arnett, Agent Chandler, Retired: A short story|He'd done this hundreds of times: done a job, been drugged with a narcotic that erased his short term memory, and dumped in a seedy hole in the wall locale, where when he climbed out, he would have to figure out where he was, find a payphone, and call in for his next job.
S.L. Wallace|I know who I am, and I'm being true to myself.
Munia Khan|Beneath it allI kept faith with Ithaca, travelled,Travelled and travelled,Suffering much, enjoying a little;Met strange people singingNew myths; made myths myself.But this lion of the seaSalt-maned, scaly, wondrous of tail,Touched with power, insistentOn this brief promontory...Puzzles.
Jackie Haze, Borderless|An emotionally abusive relationship, in very simplistic terms, is much like standing up in a too hot bath and sinking back in so as not to feel so dizzy.
Faith McKay, Lipstick & Zombies|The Professor gripped his axe, having pulled it, with some difficulty, from the boy's head.
Roxane Gay, Bad Feminist|The United States as we know it was founded on the principle of inalienable rights, this idea that some rights are so sacrosanct not even a government can take them away. Of course, this country’s founding fathers were only thinking of wealthy white men when they codified this principle, but still, it’s a nice idea, that there are some freedoms that cannot be taken away.What this debate shows us is that even in this day and age, the rights of women are not inalienable. Our rights can be and are, with alarming regularity, stripped away.
Susan Griffin, Pornography and Silence: Culture's Revenge against Nature|When we hear that "war" is made for "peace", or that "pain" is sought for "pleasure" or that "brutality" helps one "feel", in our minds, language ceases to describe reality. Words lose their direct relationship with actuality. And thus language and culture begin to exist entirely independently of nature.
James Robertson, The Testament of Gideon Mack|People think we didn't have theatres in Scotland for centuries because the Church suppressed them. Well, perhaps. But you could also argue that we had theatres in every town and village in the land: they were called kirks, and every week folk packed in to see a one-man show about life, death and the universe.
Anna Quindlen, Rise and Shine|No amount of pics posted on your web, homepage, blog etc is going to change your devastated image but another humble restarts.
Elaine  White, Novel Hearts|He wanted it to be just right; he didn’t want to make the mistake of trying to tell her he loved her, and having the words come out confused or ending up saying something completely different. He changed into a fresh suit, checked his hair and took a few deep breaths to calm himself, before returning to Amelia’s chambers…only to find her gone. A sigh of frustration escaped him. It was so typical. He told her there was a surprise for her, she was excited, and he was about to confess that he loved her…of course it was only natural for her to ruin it by running off. It was so typically Amelia.
Chris Mentillo|I can't help thinking that somewhere in the vast universe, there has to be something better than man - Has to be.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|O Lord, you have searched me and you know me.
Jane Wilson-Howarth|I tell you, if you feel strange, strange things will happen to you: Fallen peacocks on library shelves
Thomas Cahill|Wherever they went the Irish brought with them their books, many unseen in Europe for centuries and tied to their waists as signs of triumph, just as Irish heroes had once tied to their waists their enemies' heads. Where they went they brought their love of learning and their skills in bookmaking. In the bays and valleys of their exile, they reestablished literacy and breathed new life into the exhausted literary culture of Europe.And that is how the Irish saved civilization.
Chevy Chase|I have a sense of humor, and sometimes it gets me into trouble.
Martin Luther King Jr.|Hate does that. Burns off everything but itself, so whatever your grievance is, your face looks just like your enemy's.
Janette Oke, Like Gold Refined|Treasure the moments, her heart whispered. If you don't learn to treasure the moments, you'll never be able to treasure the memories.
Leo Tolstoy|If so many men, so many minds, certainly so many hearts, so many kinds of love.
Alex Lane|Celerity: noun, mass noun; an ability possessed by certain Que Cum Virtute Judicium (Virts) increasing the mobility or swiftness of movement
SuccessCoach Nilesh, Go for Success: Be a Champion by 6 Effective Steps|Reason is an outcome of frailty and resentment. When Will fails to cope with the labour of life, or the life of labour, its fragile remnants are set to construct a slighter world of justifications.
Gordon Ramsay|I definitely feel more complete than before. There's a void you have when you don't feel you've found the other part of who you are, so I'm in a different place now and that's nice to experience.
Zygmunt Bauman|The way I make art - the way a lot of people make art - is as an extension of language and communication, where references are incredibly important.
Annette Vaillancourt, How to Manifest Your Soulmate with Eft: Relationship as a Spiritual Path|Surrender doesn’t have to be a heavy, solemn thing. It can be a joyous relief. Finally the burden is off you.
Julie   Johnson, Erasing Faith|Until a seed falls to the ground and dies, it does not become a tree that later yields many fruits and multitude of seeds. We must embrace the thought of death for us to have greater lives.
Dorothea Lange|Our greatest glory is not in never failing, but in rising up every time we fail.
Panashe Chigumadzi, Sweet Medicine|The grief of widowhood, of losing a husband and only to be harassed by his brothers, remained pressed on her.
Elizabeth Berg, The Year of Pleasures|There I was, waiting, afraid I’d never experience the kind of joy yet to come, but hoping for it just the same.
Harold Bloom|We feel that if someone is bad, he should be burdened with the knowledge that he is bad. It seems to us the ultimate injustice that a person could be evil, by our assessment , and still feel fine about himself.
Dr. Theresa Nicassio, YUM: Plant-based Recipes for a Gluten-free Diet|When we reside in Gratitude, it is impossible to simultaneously feel like a victim.
Carl Sagan|I could see he meant no offense, but in my thoughts I set it down as not very good manners."Manners!" he said. "Why, it is merely the truth, and truth is good manners; manners are a fiction.
Carmelo Anthony|For a while I was on the cover of every Sports Illustrated swimsuit issue, which was regarded as the pinnacle of success in America.
William Westmoreland|When I was a child, I was unable to go to any type of sleepaway summer camp because of health issues. Once I learned about the Lopez Foundation, I knew I wanted to get involved, send kids with kidney disease away to camp so they can still experience overnight camp with medical needs at hand.
John Berger, Why Look at Animals?|Nature is energy and struggle. It is what exists without any promise. If it can be thought of by man as an arena, a setting, it has to be thought of as one which lends itself as much to evil as to good. Its energy is fearsomely indifferent.
Rucy Ban, All My Life|Baby, if you let me take you out of here, I’ll give the word pleasure a whole new meaning." - Drew Evans
Seneca|The final hour when we cease to exist does not itself bring death; it merely of itself completes the death-process. We reach death at that moment, but we have been a long time on the way.
Satuin Segi|Where there is war, we know peace has failed, and when peace has failed, we know many will die. And when many will die, we fear the worst, that the whole world will rise up to end the fighting, and if that happens many many more will die. War is an unending process, that only results in death of good men an women, who otherwise, could have done done much more in their life, war is a sad thing, but at the same time it is a good thing. We hunt animals to keep them from overrunning us, well war keeps us from overpopulating the earth and running out of resources, and war makes science invent new things sooner than they would have been if there had been no war. So while war is a horrible thing, it is also a blessing in disguise.
Andrew Klavan, The Truth of the Matter|Yet I think the demon's target is not the possessed; it is us . . . the observers . . . every person in this house. And I think---I think the point is to make us despair; to reject our own humanity, Damien: to see ourselves as ultimately bestial; as ultimately vile and putrescent; without dignity; ugly; unworthy.
Henri J.M. Nouwen|To interrupt the writer from the line of thought is to wake the dreamer from the dream. The dreamer cannot enter that dream, precisely as it was unfolding, ever again.
Tamara  Hill, Mental Health In A Failed American System: What Every Parent, Family, & Caregiver Should Know|Nothing. That's why it's funny. It's so bad I just think it's funny,' Renee says, tilting her head back so the chips don't fall out of her mouth.‘Do you really?’‘If I don’t laugh about it what else will I do?’She doesn’t actually laugh though. She falls back, throws chips into the air and tries to catch them in her mouth
Annmarie O'Connor, The Happy Closet|Willpower is misunderstood. The very word suggests that wanting something badly enough bequeaths that necessary strength to achieve or overcome something. If that were the case, I'd be Michael Fassbender's missus by now.
Hal Duncan, Scruffians! Stories of Better Sodomites|When both you and your spouse actively focus on developing godly character qualities, the foundation of your marriage will be twice as strong.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|VALENTINE'S DAY POEM:What earth is to sky.. on the horizon..What moon is to night.. no matter start studded ocean!What Love is to life.. above all give and take..that you are to me.. a rhythm that soulful music would make!*Let's surrender to each other..for a dream to be woven together!!You're my weakness and my strength..wanna live with you till the end!! .. and beyond.. ;)!!!*Even a dent in the universe..can't express my Love for you!My life is yours forever.. O girl, O girl..O girl.. you be mine!!Not just for this time..Everyday beyond.. Valentine,O O my heart, be my.. Valentine!
Sunday Adelaja|We fear that we are ugly, that we cannot succeed and we are afraid of something
Dolly Parton|If your actions create a legacy that inspires others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, then, you are an excellent leader.
Charlaine Harris, Dead as a Doornail|What is your name?" she murmured.He cocked an eyebrow at her and then went back to staring at his brother. "I'm the evil one, in case you haven't figured it out.""I wanted your name, not your calling.""Being a bastard's more of a compulsion, really. And it's Zsadist. I am Zsadist.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett, Friends 2 Lovers: The Unthinkable|News flash: The whole thing is a huge mess and a giant nightmare and it’s all about to explode in your face and you have no idea whatyou’ve gotten yourself into. Love is no game. People cut their ears off over this stuff. People jump off the Eiffel Tower and sell all theirpossessions and move to Alaska to live with the grizzly bears, and then they get eaten and nobody hears them when they scream for help.That’s right. Falling in love is pretty much the same thing as being eaten alive by a grizzly bear.Believe me, I should know.
Richard Feynman, The Quotable Feynman|Take this neat little equation here. It tells me all the ways an electron can make itself comfortable in or around an atom. That's the logic of it. The poetry of it is that the equation tells me how shiny gold is, how come rocks are hard, what makes grass green, and why you can't see the wind. And a million other things besides, about the way nature works.
Brandon Sanderson, Firefight|It doesn't seem to matter what we think...The prince will come up here and look at us as if we're barrels in a trader's wagon. And if I'm salt pork and he doesn't care for salt pork, then there's nothing I can do.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|When you look at the mirror, the person you see will be determined by thevision you have, your boldness and the risk you are prepared to take. It is as simple as that.
Eve Bunting|I'm a very spontaneous person. If someone aggravates me, I'm going to go after them. I wake up every morning, and I say, 'What bad guys should I go after today?'
Deepak Chopra, The Book of Secrets: Unlocking the Hidden Dimensions of Your Life|All my life I've always come back to one thing,my need to feel free and the need to feel the breeze,the ride provides a freedom this gypsy needs,where every road is another blessed memory,a new experience to carry inside my journey,a sense of belonging to a familiar tribe,a brotherhood that goes beyond a bloodline.
Dauglas Dauglas, Roses in the Rainbow|In any event, we must remember that it's not the blinded wrongdoers who are primarily responsible for the triumph of evil in the world, but the spiritually sighted servants of the good.
Flannery O'Connor|I am astonished, disappointed, pleased with myself. I am distressed, depressed, rapturous. I am all these things at once and cannot add up the sum.
Dennis Lehane, Shutter Island|That morning, he was afraid of becoming old, and it was a very specific kind of old age he feared, one which had nothing to do with the number of years since your birth. He feared the premature old age of missed opportunities.
Albert Brooks|I don't think it's in any way harmful, this marriage of media and politicians. I think it enhances the communications process considerably and makes it possible for the public to be far more aware, far more up-to-date on issues and the opposite sides of the issues.
L. Lionel Kendrick|Christian, learn from Christ how you ought to love Christ. Learn a love that is tender, wise, strong; love with tenderness, not passion, wisdom, not foolishness, and strength, lest you become weary and turn away from the love of the Lord.
George Santayana|There is wisdom in turning as often as possible from the familiar to the unfamiliar: it keeps the mind nimble, it kills prejudice, and it fosters humor.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|The more powerful and original a mind, the more it will incline towards the religion of solitude.
Neel Burton|He took her in his arms and lifted her up. She looked at him and he noticed only now that her eyes were full of tears. He pressed her to him. She understood that he loved her and this suddenly filled her with sadness. She felt sad that he loved her so much, and she felt like crying.
Becky Albertalli, Simon vs. the Homo Sapiens Agenda|I remember exactly how it felt to see that first message from him in my inbox. It was a little bit surreal. He wanted to know about me. For the next few days at school after that, it felt like I was a character in a movie. I could almost imagine a close-up of my face, projected wide-screen. It's strange, because in reality, I'm not the leading guy. Maybe I'm the best friend.
Isa Quintin|—Te traje algo que te va a hacer alucinar.—No le entro a las drogas. —Fingí enfado y junté las cejas.—Nunca dejas de estar a la defensiva.—Culpa a tu amigo que me enseñó a estar siempre “en guardia”.—Prueba esto y terminarás amándome.—Ten cuidado con lo que deseas, chato. Porque soy de las que lleva el amor a los extremos.—Una chica intensa y peligrosa.—Ya ves que me paso la vida entre el nunca y el siempre.
Kim Collins|Everything's complicated, even those things that seem flat in their bleakness or sadness.
Don DeLillo, Libra|Then they’re always trying to sell you something. Everything is based on forcing people to buy. If you can’t buy what they’re selling, you’re a zero in the system.
Jacques Revaux, My Way|Best be yourself, imperial, plain, and true.
Jennifer DeLucy|Before entering into any kind of intimate relationships, whether friendship, familial re-connection, or romance, the idea of “needing” or “being needed” must be eliminated. It's harmful to me and others. Need is no kind of foundation for anything. Rather, I choose to be wanted. “Want” is a deliberate choice. Wanting is not based in fear or ego (which are one in the same, I believe). Want comes from recognition of someone else's goodness and loving them for it. Being wanted is unconditional. It does not require emotional games be played, it does not require reparations be made or obligations be met. Being wanted is good, in and of itself.
Pablo Picasso|What do you think an artist is? An imbecile who only has eyes, if he is a painter, or ears if he is a musician, or a lyre in every chamber of his heart if he is a poet, or even, if he is a boxer, just his muscles? Far from it: at the same time he is also a political being, constantly aware of the heartbreaking, passionate, or delightful things that happen in the world, shaping himself completely in their image. How could it be possible to feel no interest in other people, and with a cool indifference to detach yourself from the very life which they bring to you so abundantly? No, painting is not done to decorate apartments. It is an instrument of war.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|I was dead unit you found me, though I breathed. I was sightless, though I could see. And then you came...and I was awakened.
Savannah Stuart, Power Unleashed|Thank you," she said against his neck.	For what?"	For putting up with me."	He chuckled against the top of her head. "As if I could live without you.
P.G. Wodehouse, Very Good, Jeeves!|The voice of Love seemed to call to me, but it was a wrong number.
G.S. Jennsen, Abysm|The sea is dangerous and its storms terrible, but these obstacles have never been sufficient reason to remain ashore... Unlike the mediocre, intrepid spirits seek victory over those things that seem impossible... It is with an iron will that they embark on the most daring of all endeavors... to meet the shadowy future without fear and conquer the unknown.
Matt K. Turner, GENESIS|She would use her sexuality, but she would make it hers. She would use her beauty not to appeal to their desire, but to strike fear in the hearts of men.
Henri J.M. Nouwen, Bread for the Journey: A Daybook of Wisdom and Faith|If you are not yourself, you have nothing to offer the world but a cheap imitation of someone else.
Shirley Marr, Fury|After years studying informality in Nigeria, Dutch architect and planner Rem Koolhaas reach the same conclusion. In the West, he writes, “there’s a sense of infinite choice, but a very conventional set of options from which to choose.” By contrast, “in Lagos, there is no choice, but there are countless ways to articulate the condition of no choice.
Seth Low|I think my legacy will be in what most people don't like about me: my style - the separation between judge and lawyers, judge and politics, the real independence of the judiciary from the executive, from the legislative, from money. I'm criticized in Brazil because of that. In the end, I hope to prevail.
Anthony P. Mauro, Sr.|People have a tendency to shrink the boundaries of complex problems to fit into their back pocket and then, sure enough, grumble that their problems follow wherever they go.
Jalaluddin Rumi|Piaget-....A stage then, we may say, is an integrated set of operational structures that constitute the thought processes of a person at a given time. Development involves the transformation of such " structures of the whole" in the direction of greater internal differentiation, complexity, flexibility and stability. A stage represents a kind of balanced relationship between a knowing subject and his or her environment. In this balanced or equilibrated position the person assimilates what is to be "known" in the environment into her or his existing structures of thought. When a novelty or challenge emerges that cannot be assimilated into the present structures of knowing then, if possible, the person accommmodates, that is , generates new structures of knowing. A stage transition has occured when enough accommodation has been undertaken to require ( and make possible) a transformation in the operational pattern of the structural whole of intellectual operations.
Anuradha Bhattacharyya, One Word|We are on a stroll, hand in hand, in a garden, in the moonlight and the sole purpose of such a venture is to come together in love.
Debasish Mridha|Smile without reason, because you are the reason.
David Brin, Startide Rising|Who I am is not the same minute to minute or day to day. There are far too many variables for that to ever be true, for me, or for anyone.
Amelia Beamer, Loving Dead, The|Each time a girl approached the table, Mortimer would smile. Like this: And each time the girl would shriek and run away.
Jeanette Winterson, Sexing the Cherry|I have set off and found that there is no end to even the simplest journey of the mind. I begin, and straight away a hundred alternative routes present themselves. I choose one, no sooner begin, than a hundred more appear. Every time I try to narrow down my intent I expand it, and yet those straits and canals still lead me to the open sea, and then I realize how vast it all is, this matter of the mind. I am confounded by the shining water and the size of the world.
William Carmichael, The Missionary|Do you ever wonder how we all got here? On Earth, I mean. Forget the song and dance about Adam and Eve, which I know is a load of crap. My father likes the myth of the Pawnee Indians, who say that the star deities populated the world: Evening Star and Morning Star hooked up and gave birth to the first female. The first boy came from the Sun and the Moon. Humans rode in on the back of a tornado.Mr. Hume, my science teacher, taught us about this primordial soup full of natural gases and muddy slop and carbon matter that somehow solidified into one-celled organisms called choanoflagellates... which sound a lot more like a sexually transmitted disease than the start of the evolutionary chain, in my opinion. But even once you get there, it's a huge leap from an amoeba to a monkey to a whole thinking person.The really amazing thing about all this is no matter what you believe, it took some doing to get from a point where there was nothing, to a point where all the right neurons fire and pop so that we can make decisions.More amazing is how even though that's become second nature, we all still manage to screw it up.
Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar|I moved in front of the medicine cabinet. If I looked in the mirror while I did it, it would be like watching somebody else, in a book or a play.
Jacques Barzun|The ultimate, if distant, aim of the Bauhaus is the unified work of art - the great structure - in which there is no distinction between monumental and decorative art.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|Don't, Ginny, we'll send you loads of owls.We'll send you a Hogwarts toilet seat.George!Only joking, Mum.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|Sentences spoken by writers, unless they have been written out first, rarely say what writers wish to say. Writers are unlucky speakers, by and large, which accounts for their being in a profession which encourages them to stay at their desk for years, if necessary, pondering what to say next and how best to say it. Interviewers propose to speed up this process by trepanning writers, so to speak, and fishing around in their brains for unused ideas which otherwise might never get out of there. Not a single idea has ever been discovered by means of this brutal method-- and still the trepanning of authors goes on every day.I now refuse all those who wish to take the top off my skull yet again. The only way to get anything out of a writer's brains is to leave him or her alone until he or she is damn well ready to write it down.
Gourab Banerjee|He had become, through a combination of heritage and character, a keeper of the national conscience.
Sena Jeter Naslund, Ahab's Wife, or The Star-Gazer|I turned from my window. Suddenly it seemed odd for my neighbors on both sides to have visitors while I had none. For the first time, I felt lonely at 'Sconset."Let's cook," Frannie said energetically. "We will smell so good that they'll all come running." She picked up a bowl, filled it with apples from the barrel, and immediately began to cut them up. I put water to boil, got out cinnamon, cloves, nutmeg, lard, flour, sugar, salt, saleratus, vinegar, and all the other things for apple pies. We both laughed happily. How easy it is, we thought, to make a decision, to implement a remedy, to act.
Robert Grudin, The Grace of Great Things: Creativity and Innovation|...Religious observances, once so full of suffering and awe, have become accommodating and benign. Teachers go out of their way to avoid embarrassing, insulting, overworking, or otherwise vexing their students. Each year public language is further purged of impurities that might injure sensitive groups. Prime-time television series seem dedicated to the comforting message that things are really okay.Indeed, modern society's war on pain has been vastly more successful than its war on pain's causes.
Kasie West, The Distance Between Us|Whatever doesn't kill them, makes them make reality TV shows...
Ben-Hur: A Tale of the Christ|The cool thing about getting older, is that you have so much to look back on. If you take the time to reflect on your life journey to where you are now, you will be amazed at how many times “fate” caused you to make great decisions that lead you to where you are now.
Karen Shanor, Bats Sing, Mice Giggle: The Surprising Science of Animals' Inner Lives|bonobos, related to chimpanzees and native to the Congo, have been found to engage in French kissing.
Alyson Noel, Everlasting|Where there is life, there is hope.
Virginia Alison|When Compasia took pity on me, she reached down into the Underworld, touched the shoulder of Moritas, and asked her forgiveness. Then Compasia took my sister in her arms and placed her in the sky, where she, too, turned to stardust.Magiano looks at me, his eyes wide. It seems as if he already, somehow, understands.“My goddess made me a promise,” I whisper.Only now do I realize that I have never seen him cry before.In the stories, Compasia and her human lover would descend each night from the stars to walk the mortal world, before vanishing with the dawn. So, together, we stare at the sky, waiting.
Jill Williamson, From Darkness Won|It hurts to see your loved one in pain, but it hurts more to see you cannot do anything about this pain.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|We can only diffuse kindness, to the souls filled with bitterness. This is the greatest deeds to awaken their good spirit.
Alison Miller, Healing the Unimaginable: Treating Ritual Abuse and Mind Control|Denial can be a most useful, temporary shield. Unfortunately, such flimsy armor will not last a lifetime. It is best to face your past, and do so quickly, before your past returns to face you.”— André Chevalier
Imran Amed|There's a big gaping hole in the EDM space for songwriting. It's one thing to learn how to be a great sound designer and become big just on sound design. Especially if you're in the dubstep category, it's like, how much fatter and more interesting can you make those drops.
Jaimal Yogis, Saltwater Buddha: A Surfer's Quest to Find Zen on the Sea|But I looked out at the waves far below the bluff. They looked violent, erupting against the cliff. I watched them rising - up, up, higher, higher - then falling, crashing, swirling into chaos, passing away. I breathed deeply. I tried to breathe space between my thoughts, find the space between the anger.
Dana Carvey|Our most famous writers are Faulkner and Eudora Welty and Flannery O'Connor. It would make sense that the poetry would reflect some of those same values, some of the same techniques.
J.A. Armstrong, Under Construction|In my experience, if they love you, they'll find their way to where you are. It just takes some people a little more time than others. If they don't? Well, sometimes you just have to accept that and move on." Candace watched tension etch Jameson's features. "Relax," she said. "You worry too much about things you can't control, sweetheart.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Have you ever considered that there might be something wrong with your brain?Oh, I think there might be something wrong with everyone else’s.
William Nicholson, Shadowlands|To put it another way, pain is God's megaphone to rouse a deaf world. Why must it be pain? Why can't he rouse us more gently, with violins or laughter? Because the dream from which we must be wakened, is the dream that all is well.
Li Shufu|The interesting thing is when we design and architect a server, we don't design it for Windows or Linux, we design it for both. We don't really care, as long as we're selling the one the customer wants.
Anton du Beke|This much I have learned: human beings come with very different sets of wiring, different interests, different temperaments, different learning styles, different gifts, different temptations. These differences are tremendously important in the spiritual formation of human beings.
Cass Sunstein|I tend to treat everyone like equals. That is my downfall, though, because Oprah is Oprah, and Barack is Barack, and you've gotta come in with a certain level of respect and admiration and love while still having that respect. Look at them - these people are, at this point, royalty. I think I get a little too chummy.
Mitch Albom, The Time Keeper|What was the constant?Movement. Yes. With time there was always movement. The setting sun. The dripping water. Thependulums. The spilling sand. To realize his destiny, such movement had to cease. He had to stop the flowof time completely …
Graeme Wood|The problem is that, when places like Saudi Arabia just implement the penal code, and don’t provide the social and economic justice of the Sharia—the whole package—they simply engender hatred toward the Sharia.
Fareed Zakaria|Nick wanted to meet on campus at Love Library. (That was the actual name; thank you for your donation, Mayor Don Lathrop Love.)
Neil Gaiman, The Doll's House|Fictions are merely frozen dreams, linked images with some semblance of structure. They are not to be trusted, no more than the people who create them.
Joel Osteen|Lord, bless me with the ability to achieve all that I can, and the wisdom to realize it doesn't all have to be by tomorrow!
Anthony T. Hincks|Sometimes when you live for the moment, that's all you've got.So don't waste it!
Elizabeth Goudge, The White Witch|He had discovered that the choice between self-love or love of something other than self offers no escape from suffering either way, it is merely a choice between two woundings, of the pride or of the heart.
Scott Weiland, Not Dead & Not for Sale|A colleague once described political theorists as people who were obsessed with two dozen books; after half a century of grappling with Mill's essay On Liberty, or Hobbes's Leviathan, I have sometimes thought two dozen might be a little on the high side.
A.S. King, Please Ignore Vera Dietz|I see it as symbolic. The label no longer fits. His emotional parsimoniousness just got sucked away by the beautiful blue sky. I lean forward and reach my hand behind my back, then take my sign off, and I toss it out the window, too. I am no longer an ex-stripper's daughter, either. I have gone from invisible Vera Dietz to invincible Vera Dietz.
Carol Berg|It's never what you say, but how you make it sound sincere.
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|Slowly, with many lost days, I come back to life.
Anonymous Zen|If you understand, things are just as they are... If you do not understand, things are just as they are...
Marty Rubin|It shows damn near everything. I's been hiding my breasts for so long, I half forgot I had 'em.
Jalaluddin Rumi, Bridge to the Soul: Journeys Into the Music and Silence of the Heart|There is nothing I want but your presence.In friendship, time dissolves.Life is a cup. This connectionis pure wine. What else are cups for?I used to have twenty thousanddifferent desires.
Thomm Quackenbush, We Shadows|...His argument, as set out in The Problems of Philosophy, was based on the empirical fact that we are not only aware of things but are also, very frequently, aware of being aware of them.
Daisy Ridley|I'd like to say I was smart enough to finish six grades in five years, but I think perhaps the teacher was just glad to get rid of me.
N.  Malathy, A Fleeting Moment in My Country: The Last Years of the Ltte de-Facto State|Though I did not have the statistics, just observing the number of women on the streets during peak hours dressed for work, it was obvious that a greater percentage of women in Vanni went to work outside the home. There were also more women in civilian clothes riding motorbikes on Vanni roads compared to the rest of the island. Women, both LTTE members as well as civilians, occupied the public space in large numbers. They were very visible on the roads and in the LTTE institutions. This gave Vanni a uniquely pro-woman character, which was absent elsewhere on the island. ...It was a unique kind of feminism, created by connecting the majority of women living all over Vanni, from all walks of life, for public action regarding women and children in need of help
Percy Bysshe Shelley, Poetry and Prose|I have sent books and music there, and all / Those instruments with which high spirits call / The future from its cradle, and the past / Out of its grave, and make the present last / In thoughts and joys which sleep, but cannot die, / Folded within their own eternity.
John Cho|I've been dealing with the press for 45 years. You need a very long spoon to sup with them. While you are always grateful, they are like badly trained dogs. They smile and wag and bite your arm off.
Charles Morgan|It is not by great acts but by small failures that freedom dies. The sense of justice dies slowly in a people. They grow used to the unthinkable,and sometimes they may look back and even wonder when things changed. Theywill not find a day or a time or a place. Justice and liberty die quietly, because men first learnto ignore injustice and then no longer recognize it.
Laura Anderson Kurk, Perfect Glass|Rourk didn’t even know her name, but he knew he’d never seen anyone so magnificent in his life. Her wavy hair glistened in the sunlight. She had a delicate, round face with large, blue-green eyes and full lips. With her cheeks flushed from the cold fall air, she reminded him of a porcelain doll. He knew that her looks deceived; her bold, daring eyes gave her away. She constantly observed her surroundings. Rourk smiled to himself; soon they would be together.
Alfin Rizal|Jangan karena dia menyukai postinganmu dan tidak pernah absen meninggalkan komentar di media sosial lantas kau artikan bawa dia mencintaimu. Dunia maya mudah sekali menipu, membuatmu merasa diberi harapan palsu. Padahal itu salahmu.
Reza Aslan|Whether for good or for bad, the Iran that ultimately rises out of the ashes of last summer's uprising will be unlike the Iran we know today, and for that we can thank the Green Movement, not another round of useless sanctions.
Carl Sagan|What moves men of genius, or rather, what inspires their work, is not new ideas, but their obsession with the idea that what has already been said is not enough.
Winona LaDuke|Nothing else so destroys the power to stand alone as the habit of leaning upon others. If you lean, you will never be strong or original. Stand alone or bury your ambition to be somebody in the world.
Lorna Jackie Wilson|As the caterpillar undergoes transformation and emerges as a butterfly; likewise, character undergoes transformation through experiences, aspirations and beliefs. How will you emerge?
Nick Jimbanis|Buy this book , buy this book , you need this book, buy book now.'Subliminal messaging works!
Michael Scott, The Necromancer|Think then what it is to live on here eternally and yet be human; toage in soul and see our beloved die and pass to lands whither we maynot hope to follow; to wait while drop by drop the curse of the longcenturies falls upon our imperishable being, like water slow drippingon a diamond that it cannot wear, till they be born anew forgetful ofus, and again sink from our helpless arms into the void unknowable.
Megan Jacobson, Yellow|Do not define me by my gender or my socio-economic status, Noah Willis. Do not tell me who I am and do not tell me who society thinks I am and then put me in that box and expect me to stay there. Because, I swear to God, I will climb the hell out of that box and I will take that box you've just put me in and I will use that box to smash your face in until you're nothing more than a freckly, bloodied pulp. You got that, sweet cheeks?
Michelle Franklin|And my chest swells with an emotion I'm not familiar with . . . happiness? Pride? I'm not sure what it is, but I suddenly feel compelled to do things that will make me feel this way all the time, which gives me pause, since that seems dangerous too.
G.K. Chesterton, The Napoleon of Notting Hill|My thought, whose murder yet is but fantastical,Shakes so my single state of manThat function is smothered in surmise,And nothing is but what is not.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you wish to know the truth, read the holy Scriptures.
Roger Zelazny, Nine Princes in Amber|I was born, and then I was quietly resentful of that fact for a few years...but then I went to a library and it was okay.
Emily Nelson|I thought getting old meant getting wise. Or at least secure. I don't know why I thought that; I don't know any wise, secure old people. Maybe I inferred it from after-school specials. And I'd like to think by the time you die, you've figured something out. That you aren't lying there wondering what the hell just happened.
Nick Hornby, High Fidelity|What came first, the music or the misery? Did I listen to music because I was miserable? Or was I miserable because I listened to music? Do all those records turn you into a melancholy person?People worry about kids playing with guns, and teenagers watching violent videos; we are scared that some sort of culture of violence will take them over. Nobody worries about kids listening to thousands - literally thousands - of songs about broken hearts and pain and misery and loss. The unhappiest people I know, romantically speaking, are the ones who like pop music the most; and I don't know whether pop music has caused this unhappiness, but I do know that they've been listening to the sad songs longer than they've been living the unhappy lives.
Eugene H. Peterson, Tell It Slant: A Conversation on the Language of Jesus in His Stories and Prayers|The Holy Spirit's instruments have no consciousness of His purpose; if they imagine they have, it is a pretty sure token that they are NOT His instruments. Nathaniel Hawthorne
Melina Marchetta, Looking for Alibrandi|...I don't believe you should be a virgin when you get married,' Sera said. 'You should experiment. Men do''Yes, but only if you're in love with them,' I said.
K.R. Royal|Mankind has two immense problems, they forget to use logic and begin at the root of each trouble.
Will Smith|Will Smith > Quotes > Quotable Quote“The only thing that I see that is distinctly different about me is I'm not afraid to die on a treadmill. I will not be out-worked, period. You might have more talent than me, you might be smarter than me, you might be sexier than me, you might be all of those things you got it on me in nine categories. But if we get on the treadmill together, there's two things: You're getting off first, or I'm going to die. It's really that simple, right?You're not going to out-work me. It's such a simple, basic concept. The guy who is willing to hustle the most is going to be the guy that just gets that loose ball. The majority of people who aren't getting the places they want or aren't achieving the things that they want in this business is strictly based on hustle. It's strictly based on being out-worked; it's strictly based on missing crucial opportunities. I say all the time if you stay ready, you ain't gotta get ready.
Gloria D. Gonsalves, The Wisdom Huntress: Anthology of Thoughts and Narrations|I do not condemn either the rich or the poor, but the consequences of these two.
Ainslie Sheridan|Why do you like show jumping?""... Beauty and excitement. The elements of trust, talent, training, love, and danger make show jumping a thrilling and aesthetic experience. It's really the ultimate test of two nervous systems--the kinetic transfer of the rider's muscle to the horse's muscle enables them to clear those jumps. And there's nothing like it--horse and rider forming an arc of beauty, efficiency, and power, like a double helix.""DNA,""Yes, DNA, the code to life.
Christopher Dines, The Kindness Habit: Transforming our Relationship to Addictive Behaviours|The process of recovering from addictiveness happens at a deeper level of consciousness and through feeling our pain without using old addictive fixes. There is no escaping that getting in touch with our original pain is the touchstone to mental, emotional and spiritual wellbeing.
Crazy Horse|God wants to accomplish the calling of winners, he wants us to establish His victory on earth
Nate Lowman|I was learning the craft; I didn't study writing in school. Rejection was my motivation, and failure is what taught me.
Mason Cooley|In cold weather states like Vermont, where the weather can get to 20 below zero, home heating assistance is critically important. In fact, it is a life and death issue.
Irfaan Santoe|Try to get the important things right at all the time, even at the cost of being right.
Omar Khayyam|I've always believed that if you don't stay moving, they will throw dirt on you.
Ric Keller|I would prefer to live forever in perfect health, but if I must at some time leave this life, I would like to do so ensconced on a chaise longue, perfumed, wearing a velvet robe and pearl earrings, with a flute of champagne beside me and having just discovered the answer to the last problem in a British cryptic crossword.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Don't eat anything your great grandmother wouldn't recognize as food. "When you pick up that box of portable yogurt tubes, or eat something with 15 ingredients you can't pronounce, ask yourself, "What are those things doing there?" Pollan says.Don’t eat anything with more than five ingredients, or ingredients you can't pronounce.Stay out of the middle of the supermarket; shop on the perimeter of the store. Real food tends to be on the outer edge of the store near the loading docks, where it can be replaced with fresh foods when it goes bad.Don't eat anything that won't eventually rot. "There are exceptions -- honey -- but as a rule, things like Twinkies that never go bad aren't food," Pollan says.It is not just what you eat but how you eat. "Always leave the table a little hungry," Pollan says. "Many cultures have rules that you stop eating before you are full. In Japan, they say eat until you are four-fifths full. Islamic culture has a similar rule, and in German culture they say, 'Tie off the sack before it's full.'"Families traditionally ate together, around a table and not a TV, at regular meal times. It's a good tradition. Enjoy meals with the people you love. "Remember when eating between meals felt wrong?" Pollan asks.Don't buy food where you buy your gasoline. In the U.S., 20% of food is eaten in the car.
Franz Schubert|With a heart filled with endless love for those who scorned me, I wandered far away. For many and many a year I sang songs. Whenever I tried to sing of love, it turned to pain. And again, when I tried to sing of pain, it turned to love.
Deyth Banger, Diary 1|Anxiety and Afraid of being rejected, have always been the killer/s of our dreams........Sounds like this story has been already told by me?
Alesha Escobar, Masters of Time: A Science Fiction and Fantasy Time Travel Anthology|Lifting my hands from the keyboard, I fold them in my lap and tilt back my desk chair. I think, I could do it. I could turn back time.
Maya Angelou|Study history, study history. In history lies all the secrets of statecraft.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The greatest warriors fight not for crowns and splendor, but for love.
Jonathan Sperry, How Master Therapists Work: Effecting Change from the First Through the Last Session and Beyond|Basically, a case conceptualization is a method for understanding and explaining a client's concerns and for guiding the treatment process. It functions like a "bridge" to connect assessment and treatment with clinical outcomes.
Swapna Rajput|A woman, she is born with the power to save and love, her existence is based on the truthfulness in her eyes.
Megalyn Echikunwoke|In Jamaica, them always have throwback riddims, recycled old beats, and the hardcore reggae scene is always present. You have faster stuff like the more commercialized stuff, but you always have that segment of music that is always from the core, from the original root of it.
Steve Prefontaine|Crime is terribly revealing. Try and vary your methods as you will, your tastes, your habits, your attitude of mind, and your soul is revealed by your actions.
Yohann Dafeu|In a deck of playing cards, the reds are as important as the blacks.
Carl R. Rogers, A Way of Being|I would prefer my experiences in communication to have a growth-promoting effect, both on me and on the other, and I should like to avoid those communication experiences in which both I and the other person feel diminished.
Stephen King, Misery|I do not understand those who take little or no interest in the subject of religion. If religion embodies a truth, it is certainly the most important truth of human existence. If it is largely error, then it is one of monumentally tragic proportions—and should be vigorously opposed.
Diane Setterfield, The Thirteenth Tale|We only have to look at ourselves to see how intelligent life might develop into something we wouldn’t want to meet,
Shannon L. Alder|Bipolar illness, manic depression, manic-depressive illness, manic-depressive psychosis. That’s a nice way of saying you will feel so high that no street drug can compete and you will feel so low that you wish you had been hit by a Mack truck instead.
Louis Aragon|The greatest truth is honesty, and the greatest falsehood is dishonesty.
Scarlett Thomas, The End of Mr. Y|A sense of hopelessness had invaded his bones, as chill and as inescapable as the rain.
Mark F. LaMoure|Success is like a camera. Focus on the objective. Concentrate on it. See your most important goal image for success. Ignore all distracting, minor details. Develop your pictures. If they don't turn out, stick to it. Take more shots for success. Be persistent. Focus on working to make things happen. Visualize optimum success. Use perseverance to achieve your goal.
Robert Higgs|I hope that we shall crush in its birth the aristocracy of our monied corporations which dare already to challenge our government to a trial of strength, and bid defiance to the laws of our country.
Bill Medley|For me, 'Lamb' started out as a further exploration of the phenomenon of faith and the responsibility of a messiah that I touched on in 'Coyote Blue' and 'Island of the Sequined Love Nun,' but it ended up being an exploration of the true meaning of sacrifice, loyalty, and friendship.
Portia de Rossi, Unbearable Lightness: A Story of Loss and Gain|If you walked into your local convenience store and bought a package of cigars, you would notice that it carries a label warning of the potential dangers of cigar smoke. Yet research suggests that cigar smoking poses a hazard only to moderate to heavy cigar smokers, who comprise less than 1 percent of the adult population. More than 97 percent of American adults, however, eat animal foods, and despite much research demonstrating the connection between the consumption of animal products and disease, we are not warned of these dangers.
Francis A. Schaeffer, Art & the Bible|The ancients were afraid that if they went to the end of the earth they would fall off and be consumed by dragons. But once we understand that Christianity is true to what is there, true to the ultimate environment - the infinite, personal God who is really there - then our minds are freed. We can pursue any question and can be sure that we will not fall off the end of the earth.
Tom Althouse|Love is to give, commit, and trust completely; the courage to be vulnerable without the omniscience of another's virtue.
William Kamkwamba, The Boy Who Harnessed the Wind: Creating Currents of Electricity and Hope|As soon as I open this door, I'll be free. FREE! No more goofy cats screaming in my face and eating my shoes. No more biting and scratching and chasing me down the street. Outside this door is a big, wonderful world where goofy cats don't turn into furry whirlwinds that hit me on the head with a spatula. And soon I will be a part of that world once again!
C.S. Lewis|If we let ourselves, we shall always be waiting for some distraction or other to end before we can really get down to our work. The only people who achieve much are those who want knowledge so badly that they seek it while the conditions are still unfavorable. Favorable conditions never come.
Dr. Seuss, And to Think That I Saw it on Mulberry Street|How a plain and wagon on Mulberry Street, Grows into a story that no one can beat
Reggie Joiner, The Think Orange: Imagine the Impact When Church and Family Collide...|[Orange] is one of God's favorite colors--- He stuck it right there between red and yellow as the second color in the rainbow. He decorates entire forests with shades of orange every autumn. It shows up in sunrises at the start of the day, sunsets at the end of the day, and in the glow of the moon at the right time of night.
Avi|Just because you are living in a stupid country, you don’t have to be stupid! Isolate yourself from the fools! Protect your mind to be poisoned by the deceitful media, by the dishonest politicians, by the primitive culture and the illogical traditions! Rise above the lownesses of the system like a falcon rising from the marshland and start shining like a star for others to see you and to come near to you!
J.A. Clement, On Dark Shores: The Lady|It was a time of dark dreams. They washed in like flotsam on the night tide, slipping beneath doorways and window latches, rising through the streets and hills; and the little fishing-town of Scarlock foundered deep.
William Blake, Songs of Innocence and of Experience|I wander through each chartered street,Near where the chartered Thames does flow;A mark in every face I meet,Marks of weakness, marks of woe.In every cry of every man,In every infant’s cry of fear,In every voice, in every ban,The mind-forged manacles I hear:How the chimney-sweeper’s cryEvery blackening church appals,And the hapless soldier’s sighRuns in blood down palace-walls.But most, through midnight streets I hearHow the youthful harlot’s curseBlasts the new-born infant’s tear,And blights with plagues the marriage-hearse.
Auliq Ice|It's important to remember that peace, liberty and freedom changes many aspects in our thoughts as far as life is concerned.
Abraham H. Maslow, Toward a Psychology of Being|I suppose it is tempting, if the only tool you have is a hammer, to treat everything as if it were a nail.
D.D. Barant, Dying Bites|Her life was like a burst of wild, flowing Chinese calligraphy, written under the influence of alcohol.
Osayi Emokpae Lasisi, Billionaire Mindset (for MoneyMaking Mommies): How to make your Billions and build your legacy|There are days when you will wonder if it is even possible to make money doing what you do, or whether you are just barking up the wrong tree...There will be days when you think that if you don't show up for the next few days nobody will miss you and nobody will care...Don't believe it...it's not true...If your gift and your passion wasn't needed you wouldn't have them...
Anthony Bourdain|Shakespeare wrote Moby-Dick, using Melville as a Ouija board.
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|Have you any idea how much my kingdom has swollen in this past century alone, how many subdivisions I've had to open?"I opened my mouth to respond, but Hades was on a roll now.More security ghouls," he moaned. "Traffic problems at the judgment pavilion. Double overtime for the staff. I used to be a rich god, Percy Jackson. I control all the precious metals under the earth. But my expenses!"Charon wants a pay raise," I blurted, just remembering the fact. As soon as I said it, I wished I could sew up my mouth.Don't get me started on Charon!" Hades yelled. "He's been impossible ever since he discovered Italian suits! Problems everywhere, and I've got to handle all of them personally. The commute time alone from the palace to the gates is enough to drive me insane! And the dead just keep arriving. No, godling. I need no help getting subjects! I did not ask for this war.
Adrienne Rich, Of Woman Born: Motherhood as Experience and Institution|You don't bless what you love...It's when you want to love and you can't manage it. You stretch out your hands and you say God forgive me that I can't love but bless this thing anyway...We have to bless what we hate...It would be better to love, but that's not always possible.
Jen Lancaster, Jeneration X: One Reluctant Adult's Attempt to Unarrest Her Arrested Development; Or, Why It's  Never Too Late for Her Dumb Ass to Learn Why Froot Loops Are Not for Dinner|His sixth year, it seemed to him, had lasted a remarkably long time and there were points at which he frankly wondered whether he would ever turn seven. But now it was the night before his birthday, and barring some cosmic disaster, the advent of some unexpected black hole into which the earth might be sucked, with the attendant reversal or suspension of time, in very few hours he would be waking up to a world in which he was numbered among the seven-year-olds.
Criss Jami, Healology|Look for the person everyone hates, and love them.
Elizabeth Scott, Love You Hate You Miss You|I've missed you so much it's felt like missing you is all I am. Like if someone looked inside me, there wouldn't be a skeleton and muscles and blood and nerves. There'd just be memories of you and all the things I've tried to say and ripped out of this notebook, all the things I want to say but can't because I don't have the words.
Claudia J. Edwards, Bright and Shining Tiger|I beg your pardon," I said. "But you do intend to eat me?
Jay Griffiths|One of my favorite vacation places is Miami, because of the people, the water and the beach - of course - and the architecture on Miami Beach is so wonderful.
Sunday Adelaja|Recognize that your life really matters, that who and how you love really matters and that you are successful. When you take the step to say all this about your life, you will have proven to yourself that you are brave!
Akira Mizuta Lippit, Atomic Light|Merleau-Ponty's painting inhabits the same rhetoric as early cinema: it makes the invisible visible, or rather it makes visibility visible; it forms from the thresholds of the visible and invisible world, an order, mode, or aesthetic of visuality. Not only of the small or fast, but of visibility as such. The visuality of the visible and the invisible is found in the mixture of the body and its world, of your body and your world, all your worlds, all your bodies in this world and all those others. Painting is the process by which the visuality of the visible and invisible is made manifest: "Painting mixes up all our categories in laying out its oneiric universe of carnal essences, of effective likenesses, of mute meanings." Each painting is a universal archive, a picture of the universe, a universal image—and like a dream.
Richelle E. Goodrich|My stomach rumbles.Plates of cookies, cake, and fudge.Christmastime is here.
Tamara L. Chilver|Proverbs 16:3 'Commit to the LORD whatever you do, and He will establish your plans.' A great reminder when planning out the school year.
Pearl Zhu|Diversity of thought is in demand, for boosting collective creativity and harnessing collective wisdom.
Andrew Hudgins|I blame feminism and Facebook for the death of the American automobile. I'm a Republican, so I blame everything on feminism - or commies.
Michael Knight, Eveningland: Stories|I can tell you this: there will be other girls, other disasters. And there will be nights to come, his life mostly behind him, when he will long to hurt like that again.
Cari Silverwood, Rough Surrender|Rebel Number Four" is waiting patiently by the door. I named him "Rebel Number Four," for he is the fourth of his kind I have given the name "Rebel." To many he may be just a hound dog, but to me he is a champion and a friend to the end.
Janine Shepherd|I really try to take care of myself. I really put forth the effort to make a regimen just a part of my life. When I can't, for instance if I'm in a location someplace and I can't work out because of the schedule of the picture or whatever it is, as much as I normally do when I'm home, I still do something.
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|Popularity's a weird thing. You can't really define it, and it's not cool to talk about, but you know it when you see it. Like a lazy eye, or porn.
Markus Zusak, Underdog|Even if you have not awakened, if you realize that your perceptions and activities are all like dreams and you view them with detachment, not giving rise to grasping and rejecting discrimination, then this is virtually tantamount to awakening from the dream.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn|Human beings are born with different capacities. If they are free, they are not equal. And if they are equal, they are not free.
Vince Lombardi|Life hands us a lot of hard choices, and other people can help us more than we might realize. We often think we should make important decisions using just our own internal resources. What are the pros and cons? What does my gut tell me? But often we have friends and family who know us in ways we don't know ourselves.
Lemony Snicket, The Bad Beginning|In the absence of ancient hatreds, chauvinism can easily rustle up modern ones.
Ramakrishna|I'm a modern Muslim. I pray, and if I have a question, I ask someone who is more educated in the religion than me.
Juli Zeh, Spieltrieb|Das Spiel ist der Inbegriff demokratischer Lebensart. Es ist die letzt uns verbliebene Seinsform. Der Spieltrieb ersetzt die Religiosität, beherrscht die Börse, die Politik, die Gerichtssäle, die Pressewelt, und er ist es, der uns seit Gottes Tod mental am Leben hält.
Amit Kalantri|You cannot have your news instantly and have it done well. You cannot have your news reduced to 140 characters or less without losing large parts of it. You cannot manipulate the news but not expect it to be manipulated against you. You cannot have your news for free; you can only obscure the costs. If as a culture we can learn this lesson, and if we can learn to love the hard work, we will save ourselves much trouble and collateral damage. We must remember: There is no easy way.
Cherise Sinclair, Doms of Dark Haven 2: Western Nights|My cousin fell in love with a dom, so I checked into it to see if I needed to kill him before they got married.
Whoopi Goldberg|Wendy is still dead. I hadn't understood before: it really doesn't bring them back. Somehow, you think, despite what you know, it will be a trade. Find the person who did the wrong thing and they will suffer instead of the one who was killed. Instead, that person just suffers too.
Denver Moore|It is one thing to accept something intellectually, but to accept the same thing emotionally is an entirely different matter. The one thing psychiatry cannot fill is man's inherent need for emotionalizing through dogma. Man needs ceremony and ritual, fantasy and enchantment. Psychiatry, despite all the good it has done, has robbed man of wonder and fantasy which religion, in the past, has provided.
David Levithan, Will Grayson, Will Grayson|In my kind of falling, there’s no landing. There’s only hitting the ground. Hard. Dead, or wanting to be dead. So the whole time you’re falling, it’s the worst feeling in the world. Because you feel you have no control over it. Because you know how it ends.
Stella Morey|When plan doesn't work do not change the goal, Change the plan ! #beingemployee
Rainer Maria Rilke, The Notebooks of Malte Laurids Brigge|No, no, one can imagine nothing in the world, not the least thing. Everything is composed of so many isolated details that are not to be foreseen. In one's imagining one passes over them and hasty as one is doesn't notice that they are missing. But realities are slow and indescribably detailed.
John Dufresne, Love Warps the Mind a Little|A pure love is a selfless love, but can desire ever be selfless?
Kevin James Breaux|When I finally find that one willing agent, I'll have found my prize in the Cracker Jack box.
James Hauenstein|The Dictionary defines Soul Mate as: A person who is perfectly suited to another in temperament. Before I met mine, I didn't know I was bonkers!
Roxanne Snopek, Finding Home|Jack must have looked confused, and Sienna leaned closer to him as she explained. Her perfume was sharp and floral, and he took a deep breath, enjoying the fresh fragrance after a day on the road smelling dust and tar.“When we were in high school, Uncle Renzo brought us down here to the pier at Monterey for a birthday dinner, and he spun Georgie a story about his grandmother going to sleep at the table when he was a little boy, and drowning in her chowder.”Jack grinned as Sienna continued the story. “He had her sucked in, hook line and sinker, for the whole night until she started to cry, and then he took pity on her.”Sienna smiled as she looked at Jack. Her long, delicate neck arched gracefully as her head turned slowly from side to side, and Jack got another whiff of her perfume. Her eyes were hooded and Jack sensed she was waiting for something.
Polly Shulman, The Grimm Legacy|Eagles are extinct," grumbled Morpurgo. "Perhaps they should have attacked the sky. It betrayed them.
Madam Secretary|Communication is now often experienced as a superhuman phenomenon that towers above individuals. A new generation has come of age with a reduced expectation of what a person can be, and of who each person might become.
L.M. Montgomery, The Blue Castle|Leo smiled and stroked her hair. 'We'll both be fine, Marks. We've just begun our journey...and there's so much we have yet to do.' He spoke more softly as he heard her breathing turn even and steady. 'Rest against my heart. Let me watch over your dreams. And know that tomorrow morning, and every morning after that, you'll awaken next to someone who loves you.''Dodger?' she mumbled against his chest, and he grinned.'No, your confounded ferret will have to stay in his basket. I was referring to myself.''Yes, I know.' Catherine slid her hand up to his cheek. 'Only you,' she said. 'Always you.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|God holds the three keys; life, wealth and honour.
Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games|It's my new best friend, Claudius Templesmith, and as I expected it, he's inviting us to a feast.
Arnold H. Glasow|Life is short and the older you get, the more you feel it. Indeed, the shorter it is. People lose their capacity to walk, run, travel, think, and experience life. I realise how important it is to use the time I have.
George R.R. Martin, Dreamsongs, Volume II|Now it is time!" then louder, "Time!"; and then so loud it could have shaken the stars; "TIME." The door flew open.
Ron Sen, The Verses of Life|Expand Your selfReach out to your big mind,Where the treasures of life you shall find.And you can do this by expanding yourself,You will be able to do that when within yourself you delve.
Minna Thomas Antrim|Crazy loves company, Sir Clay.
Roger Ebert|I know you can't see it, not you, Ed, but maybe if I tell you the whole plot you'll understand it this once, because even now I want you to see it. I don't love you anymore, of course I don't, but there's still something I can show you. You know I want to be a director, but you never truly see the movies in my head and that, Ed, is why we broke up.
Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night|Now take my hand and hold it tight.I will not fail you here tonight,For failing you, I fail myselfAnd place my soul upon a shelfIn Hell's library without light.I will not fail you here tonight.
Zainab T. Khan, A Bucket full of Awesome|Whenever something bad happens, do not forget to smile. Even if you have to deal with this really arrogant, ruthless tycoon. You never know, sometimes a very rude and arrogant person can be melted with a heartfelt smile.
Kai Theodor Erikson|Under the seeming disorder of the old city, wherever the old city is working successfully, is a marvelous order for maintaining the safety of the streets and the freedom of the city. It is a complex order. Its essence is intricacy of sidewalk use, bringing with it a constant succession of eyes. This order is all composed of movement and change, and although it is life, not art, we may fancifully call it the art form of the city and liken it to the dance — not to a simple-minded precision dance with everyone kicking up at the same time, twirling in unison and bowing off en masse, but to an intricate ballet in which the individual dancers and ensembles all have distinctive parts which miraculously reinforce each other and compose an orderly whole. The ballet of the good city sidewalk never repeats itself from place to place, and in any once place is always replete with new improvisations.
Shouvik N. Hore|I'm not worried about plagiarism, I don't care if every person between here and Hell's creation put their name on my work as long as it ends up in the eyes of someone that found peace in the words
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Your manners are critical for both making a positive first impression and creating success in life, love, and business.
Tyler Hamilton, The Secret Race: Inside the Hidden World of the Tour de France: Doping, Cover-ups, and Winning at All Costs|I discovered that night (in his college's student politics) that an audience has a feel to it, and, in the parlance of the theater, that audience and I were together.
George Müller, Autobiography of George Müller: A million and a half answers to prayer|I came to England weak in body, and, in consequence of much study, as I suppose, I was taken ill on May 15, and was soon, at least in my own estimation, apparently beyond recovery. The weaker I became in body, the happier I was in spirit. Never in my whole life had I seen myself so vile, so guilty, so altogether what I ought not to have been, as at this time. It was as if every sin of which I had been guilty was brought to my remembrance; but at the same time I could realize that all my sins were completely forgiven—that I was washed and made clean, completely clean, in the blood of Jesus. The result of this was great peace. I longed exceedingly to depart and be with Christ. When my medical attendant came to see me, my prayer was something like this: “Lord, Thou knowest that he does not know what is for my real welfare, therefore do Thou direct him.” When I took my medicine, my hearty prayer each time was something like this: “Lord, Thou knowest that this medicine is in itself nothing, no more than as if I were to take a little water. Now please, O Lord, to let it produce the effect which is for my real welfare, and for Thy glory. Let me either be taken soon to Thyself, or let me be soon restored; let me be ill for a longer time, and then taken to Thyself, or let me be ill for a longer time, and then restored. O Lord, do with me as seemeth Thee best!
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|There were two sets of double doors leading out of the antechamber, one marked STACKS and the other TOMES. Not knowing the difference between the two, I headed to the ones labeled STACKS. That was what I wanted. Stacks of books. Great heaps of books. Shelf after endless shelf of books.
Charmaine J. Forde|Stop complaining if you did started your life slower than the rest, Pick yourself up and move
Thomas L. Friedman, The World Is Flat: A Brief History of the Twenty-first Century|As I squeeze, he turns his head, and there is the tiniest, slimmest of moments when he sees me. I look into those wolf eyes, and even though they are empty, they're still alive. In that split second he is alive and looking at me. I am alive and looking at him. Then the moment is over, the trigger is pulled back, and the gun is empty.
Slavoj Žižek|How do we account for this paradox that the absence of Law universalizes prohibition ... The psychoanalytic name for this obscene injunction for this obscene call, ENJOY, is superego. The problem today is not how to get rid of your inhibitions and to be able to spontaneously enjoy. The problem is how to get rid of this injunction to enjoy.
W. H. Auden|In all my perplexities and distresses, the Bible has never failed to give me light and strength.
David Sedaris|If you're that hypersensitive about color and don't have a sense of humor, don't marry out of your race.
Lauren   Miller, All Things New|We see what we want to see, what we expect to see, instead of what's really there. I don't think we do it on purpose, most of the time. We just get kind of stuck. We start thinking that the way things are is the way they'll always be. But that's not true. It can't be true. Because the world is never still.
Edward St. Aubyn, The Patrick Melrose Novels|Everything was usual. That was depression: being stuck, clinging to an out-of-date version of oneself.
Debasish Mridha|Be loving, be caring
Patrick Rothfuss|Cricket makes no sense to me. I find it beautiful to watch and I like that they break for tea. That is very cool, but I don't understand. My friends from The Clash tried to explain it years and years ago, but I didn't understand what they were talking about.
Daniel C. Dennett, Darwin's Dangerous Idea: Evolution and the Meanings of Life|At some point, human intelligence became collective and cumulative in a way that happened to no other animal.
Christine Feehan, Turbulent Sea|Everybody gets hurt. Sometimes a big hurt, sometimes a little hurt. But the person who's suffered a lot isn't especially strong. And the person who's been hurt a little isn't especially weak. What's important is being able to get over it.
Sharon Creek|Everyone is just walking along concerned with his own problems, his own life, his own worries. And we're all expecting other people to tune into our own agenda. "Look at my worry. Worry with me. Step into my life. Care about my problems. Care about me.
Gayle Forman, I Was Here|But then one time, you track down an email address and you're near a computer with Internet access so you don't have that nice cushion and you type what you're feeling and press send before you have a chance to talk yourself out of it. And then you wait, and wait, and wait, and nothing comes back, so all those things you thought were so important to say, really, they weren't. They weren't worth saying at all.
Dee  Brown, Breaking Passive-Aggressive Cycles|The damage and invisible scars of emotional abuse are very difficult to heal, because memories are imprinted on our minds and hearts and it takes time to be restored. Imprints of past traumas do not mean a person cannot change their future beliefs and behaviors. as people, we do not easily forget. However, as we heal, grieve, and let go, we become clear-minded and focused to live restore and emotionally healthy.
K. Weikel, The Blood Room|God is basically an emotion, nothing less nothing more.
Sara Dardikh, Baci nell'ombra|Non so per quale motivo, ma con lui mi escono dalla bocca tutti i pensieri che tengo rinchiusi nel mio cervello.
Jennetta Billhimer, Wise Childbearing: What You'll Want to Know as You Make Your Birth Choices|...When a choice will make a real difference in our lives—obvious or not—and when we are living in tune with the Spirit and seeking his guidance, we can be sure we will receive the guidance we need to attain our goal.
Bob Barr|Public policy in the twentieth century was about protecting and expanding the social compact, based on recognition that effective government at the federal level provides rules and services and safety measures that contribute to a better society.
Manny Pacquiao|The only thing I'm addicted to is winning. This bootleg cult, arrogantly referred to as Alcoholics Anonymous, reports a 5 percent success rate. My success rate is 100 percent.
Kate  Taylor|Life is very nice, but it has no shape. The object of art is actually to give it some ..." Jean Anouilh, The Rehearsal
Cathleen Falsani, Sin Boldly: A Field Guide for Grace|Together, on his back porch, his cigarette smoke rising like incense to the heavens, we spoke to the God of grace we both are so grateful to know up close and personal. It may be the most beautiful prayer I've ever heard. Jesus, for some reason you've given us another day, and you've set us in Narnia. There are people who still think it's frozen, and there are people who are longing to be thawed but don't know it. God, I pray that what you've called us to do would be the subversive work of the kingdom, that we would help participate in the melting of Narnia, and that people would come alive and would drink and dance and sing and just celebrate life in ways that are so marvelous that the world would press its face against the glass and see the redeemed celebrate life. Amen.
Gugu Mona|It is very sad to see children live like orphans while their parents are still alive. After all, children need the constant love of parents.
Sayo Masuda, Autobiography of a Geisha|It is the final person we see reflected in our eyes that really matters; we wonder who is she and why is she here? To find ourselves truly, it is the goal we have all set for ourselves.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|Difference between TV and the internet was how far you sat from the screen. TV was an 8 foot activity, and you were a consumer. The internet was a 16 inch activity, and you participated. I think the sitting down thing is similar. You're not going to buy an armoir while standing on the subway.
Felicia Day, You're Never Weird on the Internet|The chick last night marked you,” he said, gesturing to my throat. “Might be a stalker. You’ll want to prepare to wake up with your balls removed.” “Raven might cut off my balls, but not because she’s a stalker. More like she’s just in a bad mood or gassy.” Tawny looked at me then shook her head. “Oh, Vaughn. You’re fucked.” “Actually, I was and quite well. In fact, I think she bruised my hip bones.” Laughing, Tawny cuddled against Judd. “When’s the wedding?” Once Judd started laughing, I flipped them off and looked at my menu. “We’re fuck buddies. Nothing more.” Judd nodded. “Makes sense. A man of your stupidity couldn’t handle a relationship. Best to keep your life simple.” “She’s hot. That’s all I care about.” “She is hot,” Tawny said, smiling easier now. “She could probably land a rich guy with those looks.” “Did you just call me poor?” “I only mean she could get someone better than a manwhore with commitment issues.” “Fuck you,” I said and Judd looked ready to hit me. “I could commit if I wanted to. If I wasn’t expecting to die soon, I’d commit all over the fucking place.” “You don’t even have a pet.” “Who would take care of my pet when I died?” “If it was a cat, we’d take it in.” Judd frowned. “No more cats.” “One more wouldn’t hurt. In fact, if we have a bunch of cats, people will stop asking when we’re having a kid.” Judd’s frown disappeared. “Another cat wouldn’t be the end of the world.” “Judd’s the one who can’t commit,” I muttered. “He’s married and we have two cats. We’re plenty committed. You’re the one getting hickeys from a girl who likely will marry someone else in a few months.” “Why a few months?” “I don’t know. I just feel like she’ll be married in a few months. A rich guy.” “Are you psychic now?” “Yes, I’m going to open a shop and tell people their fortunes.” Smiling, Judd kissed her forehead. “A businesswoman. That’s sexy.” “Don’t even think about ditching me again so you two can fuck. You can hump each other later.” “Oh, we will,” Tawny said, waving over the waitress.
C.J. Roberts, Captive in the Dark|People often believed they were safer in the light, thinking monsters only came out at night.
Edmund Husserl|If an elderly but distinguished scientist says that something is possible, he is almost certainly right; but if he says that it is impossible, he is very probably wrong.
Chris DiCroce, Burning Man|I’m not who you think I am. I’m an actor. Just like all of you. I’m improvising, shooting from the hip. It’s all a lie. I’m a lie. You’re a lie. The lights—they don’t lie. But when they shine, they only tell half the story.
Nabil N. Jamal|("A Free Market in Education: The Answer to Prayer, And Other Issues")No matter where you are on the issue, there is no solution to it within a government school context, only perpetual conflict. The answer involves choice, competition and private alternatives. If you don't like what a business offers, you don't argue endlessly about it; you walk across the street. Why is this principle so complicated for some people?
Edgar Allan Poe|And then I recalled those mysterious stories about the waxworkers of the middle ages and the public reprobation attached to their trade. Did they not live in cellars, in the eternal twilight propitious for enchantments and apparitions? Their visionary art (who, more than they, evoked a truer image of life?) was closely related to that of magicians: bewitchments were carried out with wax figures, witch trials are full of them, and one particular legend haunted me above all, that of the modeler from Anspach, who slowly squeezed the soul and the life out of his model in order to animate his painted waxwork and then, having finished his work of art, awaited nightfall to go and bury the corpse in the ditch at the city walls.
Rémy de Gourmont, The Book of Masks|Genius tries to conquer the world with art, with songs, with words; stupid tries to conquer it with sword, with guns, with arrows!
Dada Bhagwan|Even a child cannot sit here without support. Some support will be necessary. No one can live without the support from the material world. After getting the support from one’s own Soul, one doesn’t need the support from the material world. ‘He’ will then become independent [support-free].
Kathy Acker, My Mother: Demonology|There's a point at which when I start to know a man well--this isn't true of women--I wonder whether there's something in him that's evil. Something that's pure and can't be touched. This quality of evil may be related to the quality of artistry, for an artist has the same characteristics.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|At night on land migrating monarchs slumber on certain trees, hung in festoons with wings folded together, thick on the trees and shaggy as bearskin. [p. 244]
Becca Fitzpatrick, Silence|I believe in destiny Angel. I believe every choice I've made has brought me closer to you. I looked for you for a very long time. I may have fallen from heaven, but I fell for you.
Martin Landau|I remember my seventh-grade chemistry teacher told me I'd never amount to anything. I thought, 'Hmm. OK.' That gave me motivation to prove her wrong.
Avijeet Das|We were on stage. We were supposed to speak our dialogues. But at times, a smile says more than words ever can!
Rob Sheffield, Love Is a Mix Tape|I was helpless in trying to return people's kindness, but also helpless to resist it. Kindness is a scarier force than cruelty, that's for sure. Cruelty isn't that hard to understand. I had no trouble comprehending why the phone company wanted to screw me over; they just wanted to steal some money, it was nothing personal. That's the way of the world. It made me mad, but it didn't make me feel stupid. If anything, it flattered my intelligence. Accepting all that kindness, though, made me feel stupid.Human benevolence is totally unfair. We don't live in a kind or generous world, yet we are kind and generous. We know the universe is out to burn us, and it gets us all the way it got Renee, but we don't burn each other, not always. We are kind people in an unkind world, to paraphrase Wallace Stevens. How do you pretend you don't know about it, after you see it? How do you go back to acting like you don't need it? How do you even the score and walk off a free man? You can't. I found myself forced to let go of all sorts of independence I thought I had, independence I had spent years trying to cultivate. That world was all gone, and now I was a supplicant, dependent on the mercy of other people's psychic hearts.
Anaïs Nin, Henry and June: From "A Journal of Love"--The Unexpurgated Diary of Anaïs Nin|Love reduces the complexity of living. It amazes me that when Henry walks towards the cafe table where I wait for him, or opens the gate to our house, the sight of him is sufficient to exult me. No letter from anyone, even in praise of my book, can stir me as much as a note from him.
Christopher Buehlman, Those Across the River|But when I make a good [taxidermy] mount I feel like I beat God in a small way. As though the Almighty said, Let such critter be dead, and I said, 'Fuck You, he can still play the banjo.
Larry Bailin, Mommy, Where Do Customers Come From?: How to Market to a New World of Connected Customers|My phone isn't "smart" because of its features. I make it smart by maximizing the phone's feature-set toward better personal efficiency.
Kouhei Kadono, Boogiepop And Others|For every crime that comes before him, a judge is required to complete a perfect syllogism in which the major premise must be the general law; the minor, the action that conforms or does not conform to the law; and the conclusion, acquittal or punishment. If the judge were constrained, or if he desired to frame even a single additional syllogism, the door would thereby be opened to uncertainty.
Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi|Growing old is a pathetic thing. It is full of limitations and reduction. It happens to us all, I know; but I think that it might not have to. I think it happens to those of us who request it. And in our current mind-set, our collective ennui, it is what we have chosen to do. But one day a mutant child will be born who refuses to age, who refuses to acknowledge the limitations of these bodies of ours, who lives in health until he is done with life, not until his body no longer supports him. He will live for hundreds of years, like Noah. Like Moses. This child's genes will be passed to his offspring, and more like him will follow. And their genetic makeup will supplant the genes of those of us who need to grow old and decay before we die. I believe that one day it will come to pass; however, such a world is beyond my purview.
Marcel Proust, The Guermantes Way|When the lord gives a human a life to live with and all the things they need, why do the humans give back the money to the lord ? Are humans that crazy ? Or do we have a mask of saying it out instead of delivering what is called as mankind ?
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|Harmony also is not a luxury, it is an evolutionary necessity, if we are to advance further. And harmony cannot be compromised for any book in the world, no matter how ancient, or who wrote it.
John McCain|I believe that the topic of chemical weapons is critically important for international peace and security, and I take note of the ongoing debate over what course of action should be taken by the international community. All those actions should be taken within the framework of the U.N. Charter, as a matter of principle.
DeWayne Owens|You can easily miss out on the joy of today by worrying about the “what if’s” of tomorrow. Tomorrow is not guaranteed, so bask in the joy of the day and tomorrows “what if’s” will take care of themselves.
Judith Lewis Herman, Trauma and Recovery: The Aftermath of Violence - From Domestic Abuse to Political Terror|Over time as most people fail the survivor's exacting test of trustworthiness, she tends to withdraw from relationships. The isolation of the survivor thus persists even after she is free.
Lauren Barnholdt, Two-Way Street|Because she left him a MySpace message that was semi-flirty, and then today he was very vague about what he was doing. So I headed over to his house and waited outside until he left. And now he’s at McDonald’s, and I’m following him to see where else he’s going.” MySpace is seriously going to be responsible for everyone losing their minds.
Frederick Buechner, The Magnificent Defeat|If we are to believe he is really alive with all that that implies, then we have to believe without proof. And of course that is the only way it could be. If it could be somehow proved, then we would have no choice but to believe. We would lose our freedom not to believe. And in the very moment that we lost that freedom, we would cease to be human beings. Our love of God would have been forced upon us, and love that is forced is of course not love at all. Love must be freely given. Love must live in the freedom not to love; it must take risks. Love must be prepared to suffer even as Jesus on the Cross suffered, and part of that suffering is doubt.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett, Neglected But Undefeated|Be confident in your approach to success in having a better future. Take risks, try new things, become diligent, and find new techniques because in the end you will develop a compelling emotional element.
Pontypool 2007|Mrs. French's cat is missing. The signs are posted all over town. "Have you seen Honey?" We've all seen the posters, but nobody has seen Honey the cat. Nobody. Until last Thursday morning, when Miss Colette Piscine swerved her car to miss Honey the cat as she drove across a bridge. Well this bridge, now slightly damaged, is a bit of a local treasure and even has its own fancy name; Pont de Flaque. Now Collette, that sounds like Culotte. That's Panty in French. And Piscine means Pool. Panty pool. Flaque also means pool in French, so Colete Piscine, in French Panty Pool, drives over the Pont de Flaque, the Pont de Pool if you will, to avoid hitting Mrs. French's cat that has been missing in Pontypool. Pontypool. Pontypool. Panty pool. Pont de Flaque. What does it mean? Well, Norman Mailer, he had an interesting theory that he used to explain the strange coincidences in the aftermath of the JFK assasination. In the wake of huge events, after them and before them, physical details they spasm for a moment; they sort of unlock and when they come back into focus they suddenly coincide in a weird way. Street names and birthdates and middle names, all kind of superfluous things appear related to eachother. It's a ripple effect. So, what does it mean? Well... it means something's going to happen. Something big. But then, something's always about to happen.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge|Advice is like snow; the softer it falls, the longer it dwells upon, and the deeper it sinks into the mind.
Rishiraj Sen|ME SIENTO MAL POR TI VIEJO AMIGO, PERO AL FINAL DEL DIA FUE MEJOR QUE TE FUERAS.
Gilbert K. Chesterton|The highest patriotism is not a blind acceptance of official policy, but a love of one's country deep enough to call her to a higher plain.
Céleste Albaret, Monsieur Proust|He wanted to know all about me and my family and especially my childhood."That's where everything starts," he'd say. "Both heaven and hell.
Dave Matthes, Paradise City|Sometimes it isn't fighting that's brave, it's facing the death you know is coming.
Woodrow Wilson|start something, with a knowledge to end it.
Debra Winger|Apple is a failure because they missed social? Nobody would say that, because they are having great success.
T.S. Eliot, Four Quartets|Footfalls echo in the memorydown the passage we did not taketowards the door we never openedinto the rose garden. My words echothus, in your mind
Steve Jurvetson|I think people are so immersed in the anti-Scientology mindset by consuming tabloid media and stories about space aliens. It's baffling. When I say I want to see a more positive side of the church, all I'm saying is I want to get past these headlines that talk about aliens and Tom Cruise jumping on a sofa.
Alfred A. Montapert|Do not borrow the productions of other men's brains and pens and recite them as a lesson; but make the most of the talents, the brain power, that God has given you.
Sophie Divry, The Library of Unrequited Love|Goddamnit, in your Love FeverI am suffering from Heart TumorYou must be adept …you Pretty CharmerI am falling for you…in this Indian Summer
Philip Pullman|Tolkien, who created this marvellous vehicle, doesn't go anywhere in it. He just sits where he is. What I mean by that is that he always seems to be looking backwards, to a greater and more golden past; and what's more he doesn't allow girls or women any important part in the story at all. Life is bigger and more interesting than The Lord of the Rings thinks it is.
Desmond Oshifeso|Absolutely, love matters,” she reiterated. “We forget that at our own risk.
Jesse Ventura|Can anything be imagined more abhorrent to every sentiment of generosity and justice, than the law which arms the rich with the legal right to fix, by assize, the wages of the poor? If this is not slavery, we have forgotten its definition. Strike the right of associating for the sale of labor from the privileges of a freeman, and you may as well bind him to a master, or ascribe him to the soil.
Charles   Franklin, Create the Life You Need!|No one gets out of this life alive.So leave a footprint of your choice.You are writing your epitaph.You are writing it now!Life is a process, not a goal.Live it now, or you will miss it!We have time to spend and no time to waste.
Matshona Dhliwayo|People said it because other people said it. They did not know why it was being said and heard everywhere. They did not give or ask for reasons. 'Reason,' Dr. Pritchett had told them, 'is the most naive of all superstitions.'  'The source of public opinion?' said Claude Slagenhop in a public radio speech. 'There is no source of public opinion. It is spontaneously general. It is a reflex of the collective instinct of the collective mind.
Andrew Pettegree, Brand Luther: How an Unheralded Monk Turned His Small Town into a Center of Publishing, Made Himself the Most Famous Man in Europe—and Started the Protestant Reformation|It is often the parishioners, the men and women in the pews, who set the tone.
EverSkeptic|The day you start trusting the people who think you are right, more than the people who are actually right, you are on your way down.
Mario Stinger, Destined for Oblivion: As Nature Intended|It's despair at the lack of (I'm cheating, I didn't say all these things - but I'm going to write what I want to say as well as what I did) feeling, of love, of reason in the world. It's despair that anyone can even contemplate the idea of dropping a bomb or ordering that it should be dropped. It's despair that so few of us care. It's despair that there's so much brutality and callousness in the world.
Ja Rule|Compassion is not a popular virtue. Very often when I talk to religious people, and mention how important it is that compassion is the key, that it's the sine-qua-non of religion, people look kind of balked, and stubborn sometimes, as much to say, what's the point of having religion if you can't disapprove of other people?
Sandhya Jane|Our way of life decrees that everyone is born with a pre-determined destiny. With good karma, one can try to make the most of one’s circumstances. But that’s all. There is a lot that is beyond the power of mere humans, ; the future unfolds the way it is meant to. Everyone acts the way they are meant to and lives as they are meant to, ; not a moment more, not a moment less. Each person that you meet has a role to play and nothing can alter that. The relationship they share with you, the duration of their presence in your life, all of it is ordained
Harmony Korine|I was nerdy girl who went to Catholic school and wanted to be an engineer. I was all set to attend the Illinois Institute of Technology. And then I took a hard left turn and studied Liberal Arts at Northern Illinois University, majored in Communications. Then worked in radio as a disk jockey and as the weather girl.
Daniel Handler, Adverbs|Now, it is of course well known that Christ continually uses the expression 'imitators.' He never says that he asks for admirers, adoring admirers, adherents; and when he uses the expression 'follower' he always explains it in such a way that one perceives that 'imitators' is meant by it, that is not adherents of a teaching but imitators of a life....
Alfred A. Montapert|People are fed up with the way things are. There is a lot of bitterness out there, a lot of anger about a lack of jobs and concerns for the next generation.
Bob Barr|The way I was parented did affect my parenting - probably in the reverse. My dad was pretty strict, and the next generation probably wants to be less strict.
Tara Estacaan|Something wonderful has happened to me. I was carried up into the seventh heaven. There all the gods sat assembled. By special grace I was granted the favor of a wish. "Will you," said Mercury, "have youth, or beauty, or power, or a long life, or the most beautiful maiden, or any of the other glories we have in the chest? Choose, but only one thing." For a moment I was at a loss. Then I addressed myself to the gods as follows: "Most honorable contemporaries, I choose this one thing, that I may always have the laugh on my side." Not one of the gods said a word, on the contrary, they all began to laugh. Hence, I concluded that my request was granted, and found that the gods knew how to express themselves with taste; for it would hardly have been suitable for them to have answered gravely: "It is granted thee.
James Sallis, Drive|Why’d you call, boy? What did you want from me?""The company of a friend, I think.""Always a cheap treat.
C.S. Lewis, The Voyage of the "Dawn Treader"|If the sky could dream, it would dream of dragons.
wecart|Once I stand and watch helplessly while some rug rat pulls everything he can reach off the racks, and the thought that abortion is wasted on the unborn must show on my face, because his mother finally tells him to stop.
Ta-Nehisi Coates|I think it's always natural for children to rebel against their parents and establish their own identity. And also, I think parents get invested in, you know, doing the right thing? And so their anxiety about being good parents might, in a way, affect a relationship negatively.
Steve Maraboli|You give me hope in my times of trial, joy in my saddest hours and love in all I do
Colbie Caillat|A great song should lift your heart, warm the soul and make you feel good.
Jeffrey Tucker|First, with the establishment of a state and territorially defined state borders, “immigration” takes on an entirely new meaning. In a natural order, immigration is a person’s migration from one neighborhood-community into a different one (micro-migration). In contrast, under statist conditions immigration is immigration by “foreigners” from across state borders, and the decision whom to exclude or include, and under what conditions, rests not with a multitude of independent private property owners or neighborhoods of owners but with a single central (and centralizing) state-government as the ultimate sovereign of all domestic residents and their properties (macro-migration). If a domestic resident-owner invites a person and arranges for his access onto the resident-owner’s property but the government excludes this person from the state territory, it is a case of forced exclusion (a phenomenon that does not exist in a natural order). On the other hand, if the government admits a person while there is no domestic resident-owner who has invited this person onto his property, it is a case of forced integration (also nonexistent in a natural order, where all movement is invited).
Yann Martel, What is Stephen Harper Reading?: Yann Martel's Recommended Reading for a Prime Minister and Book Lovers of All Stripes|Books, like people, can't be reduced to the cost of the materials with which they were made. Books, like people, become unique and precious once you get to know them.
Tom  Cox, The Good, the Bad and the Furry: Life with the World's Most Melancholy Cat and Other Whiskery Friends|Some were drawn towards displays of physical showboating, when it came to cats, while others preferred subtle intellectual stimulation.
Thomas Hobbes|Love has its place, as does hate. Peace has its place, as does war. Mercy has its place, as do cruelty and revenge.
Rudyard Kipling|In many criminals, especially youthful ones, it is possible to detect a very powerful sense of guilt which existed before the crime, and is therefore not its result but its motive. It is as if it was a relief to be able to fasten this unconscious sense of guilt on to something real and immediate.
Mary Oliver, Swan: Poems and Prose Poems|How heron comesIt is a negligence of the mindnot to notice how at duskheron comes to the pond andstands there in his death robes, perfectservant of the system, hungry, his eyesfull of attention, his wingspure light
Junot Díaz|You see, in my view a writer is a writer not because she writes well and easily, because she has amazing talent, because everything she does is golden. In my view a writer is a writer because even when there is no hope, even when nothing you do shows any sign of promise, you keep writing anyway.", O Magazine, November 2009]
Khadija Rupa|My eyes always keep searching,for something inexpressible,above the far away sky.I long to get lost,inside the evening-twilight.Silence always tickles me —in a strange way;I meet “me”in the time between sunset and darkness.
Rachael Wade, Declaration|She was falling apart beneath my hands, and I was falling apart beneath her. My power was her power, and together, we sent each other soaring.
Truth Devour, Unrequited|Find my hand in the darkness, intertwined you will be the day to my night. We can share wings and take flight towards our own inner light.
Robyn Davidson|My favorite place is whichever sidewalk is beneath my feet because I am just constantly fascinated by walking and looking and learning. If I've already walked a street five times, then the next five times I walk it looking up, and I learn something about the cornices.
Julie Kagawa, Talon|How should we be able to forget those myths that are at the beginning of all peoples, the myths about dragons that at the last moment turn into princesses; perhaps all the dragons in our lives are princesses who are only waiting to see us act, just once, with beauty and courage. Perhaps everything that frightens us is, in its deepest essence, something helpless that wants our love.
Asuni LadyZeal|Unsuccessful people think the end justifies the means. Successful people understand that the means justifies the end; if the means isn't available, the end can wait. Successful people simply cut their coat according to their size, then grow by increasing their size.
Olaf Stapledon, A Man Divided|My soul, sir? I haven't got one. The management doesn't allow them.
Malcolm Gladwell, The Tipping Point: How Little Things Can Make a Big Difference|The mistake we make in thinking of character as something unified and all-encompassing is very similar to a kind of blind spot in the way we process information. Psychologists call this tendency the Fundamental Attribution Error (FAE), which is a fancy way of saying that when it comes to interpreting other people's behavior, human beings invariably make the mistake of overestimating the importance of fundamental character traits and underestimating the importance of situation and context.
Tom Stoppard|What freedom means, is being allowed to sing in my bath as loudly as will not interfere with my neighbour's freedom to sing a different tune in his.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Lord of the Rings|I want to be a healer, and love all things that grow and are not barren.
Eben Alexander M.D.|Jay replied to the bird, I'm sorry. I'm so sorry, my little bird. I'm sorry for leaving you alone. I'm sorry for hiding you away. Only now do I realize how much I've missed you.
Virat Kohli|If you're OK with being clumsy, it's funny. But if you are super embarrassed, people are going to laugh at you.
Ashwin Sanghi|As much as we Egyptians treasure our military, acting alone it cannot provide the legitimacy to lay the foundations for democracy.
Mary J. Blige|It was amazing for me to even perform at the Grammys, but to do so alongside Annie Lennox was a truly incredible honor.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|Therefore, there is now no condemnation for those who are in Christ Jesus,
Howard Jacobson|Mars has long exerted a pull on the human imagination. The erratically moving red star in the sky was seen as sinister or violent by the ancients: The Greeks identified it with Ares, the god of war; the Babylonians named it after Nergal, god of the underworld. To the ancient Chinese, it was Ying-huo, the fire planet.
Kate Wicker, Weightless: Making Peace with Your Body|The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom, but love is the perfection of it".'Perfection
Sue Fitzmaurice|Mr. Ellison is that unreasonable man that possesses the ostranenie effect-- he has a keen eye to see the simplest things and make them profound, and make simple minded people see deeply into mundane topics- bringing a philosophical charm to even politics.No man, not even a semi-god lived an entire life without making a mistake and the fact that Mr. Ellison has lived a life so grandiose with such few errors, is a testament and a plaque to the big person he is.
Osho, The Secret of Secrets|This is the secret of the golden flower: if the heart can die the flower will bloom, die as you are so you can be reborn.
Erin Hanson, Reverie|If one of the things you believe in,Is that this world's an ugly place,You must have never gone outside at,And stared up into space,You haven't felt the way the air changes,In the minutes before it rains,Or watched the world pass by below,Out the window of a plane, You've never been awake so early, That you see the moment the sun starts to rise, And you've never lain with your back on the grass,And made shapes with the clouds in the sky,But maybe if you've done all this,But still don't believe it's not true, It's because you can't see all the beauty, That I see when I look at you" ~e.h.
Justin Robinson, City of Devils|How different this world to the one about which I used to read, and in which I used to live! This is one peopled by demons, phantoms, vampires, ghouls, boggarts, and nixies. Names of things of which I knew nothing are now so familiar that the creatures themselves appear to have real existence. The Arabian Nights are not more fantastic than our gospels; and Lempriere would have found ours a more marvelous world to catalog than the classical mythical to which he devoted his learning. Ours is a world of luprachaun and clurichaune, deev and cloolie, and through the maze of mystery I have to thread my painful way, now learning how to distinguish oufe from pooka, and nis from pixy; study long screeds upon the doings of effreets and dwergers, or decipher the dwaul of delirious monks who have made homunculi from refuse. Waking or sleeping, the image of some uncouth form is always present to me. What would I not give for a volume by the once despised 'A. L. O. E' or prosy Emma Worboise? Talk of the troubles of Winifred Bertram or Jane Eyre, what are they to mine? Talented authoresses do not seem to know that however terrible it may be to have as a neighbour a mad woman in a tower, it is much worse to have to live in a kitchen with a crocodile. This elementary fact has escaped the notice of writers of fiction; the re-statement of it has induced me to reconsider my decision as to the most longed-for book; my choice now is the Swiss Family Robinson. In it I have no doubt I should find how to make even the crocodile useful, or how to kill it, which would be still better.("Mysterious Maisie")
Peter S. Beagle, The Last Unicorn|I suppose I could understand it if men had simply forgotten unicorns, or if they had changed so that they hated all unicorns now and tried to kill them when they saw them. But not to see them at all, to look at them and see something else-what do they look like to one another, then? What do trees look like to them, or houses, or real horses, or their own children?
Conservation International|Some call me nature, others call me Mother Nature. ... How you choose to live each day, whether you regard me or disregard me, doesn't really matter to me. One way or other, your actions will determine your fate, not mine. I am nature. I will go on. I am prepared to evolve. Are you?
Neel Burton|An artist is someone who, needing nothing and no one, wants everything and everyone.
Lorene Scafaria|I'd love to act more. I've had to turn down multiple movies because I was on tour, but it's encouraging to know that someday there might be the right role, the right timing. And I've been writing a lot of music, so hopefully very soon I'll have recorded a project of my own. I also want to get a boat and open a restaurant.
Lisa Lawrence, Strip Poker|Males are simple creatures. If we can’t f**k it, we want to kill it.
Jenny Trout, Say Goodbye to Hollywood|The biggest thing for aspiring writers I would say is that writing is hard work. You can’t sustain the fantasy that it should somehow be otherwise for you because you are more special or more committed than other aspiring writers. You aren’t sitting down to be entertained by the gods or to entertain yourself. At times it can be a thrill and it feels more like play, but we are easily deceived by whatever pleasures or rewards writing can offer. Exhilarating work is still work. Is it work, or is it play? And the answer is “yes.” Does it sometimes feel like it comes easily or naturally? Yes. But did it really come easily? No. Writing doesn’t offer the rhythmic endorphin hit you get scrolling down the screen clicking on memes. Are you up for the work it is going to take to become successful as a writer? It is going to be harder than you think. You are submitting to forces and to a process that you can’t fully control. There is maybe a tiny bit more control if you self-publish, and there is no shame in doing that, but even that is going to introduce hard work. Probably harder than you think. If my next novel can’t find a home, I’m not above self-publishing it in some capacity and then moving on to the next project.
Gad Saad|(on the word "fuck")'Oh, come on, Mum,' I sighed at her protest. 'It's just an old Anglo-Saxon word for the female organ which has been adopted by an inherently misogynist language as a negative epithet. It's the same as "fuck", it basically means the same as copulate, but the latter is perfectly acceptable. Why? Because copulate has its roots in Latin and Latin reminds us that we are a sophisticated, learned species, not the rutting animals that these prehistoric grunts would have us appear to be, and isn't that really the issue here? We don't want to admit that we are essentially animals? We want to distinguish ourselves from the fauna with grand conceits and elaborate language; become angels worthy of salvation, not dumb creatures consigned to an earthly, terminal end. It's just a word, Mum; a sound meaning a thing; and your disgust is just denial of a greater horror: that our consciousness is not an indication of our specialness but the terrifying key to knowing how truly insignificant we are.'She told me to got fuck myself.
Khalia Hades, Ariel's Demise|Father, what are you to do now?”Triton’s sneer grew scarier. “She broke the law.” turning away from the terrified faces of his daughters. “She must die.
David Nicholls, Us|By the time Albie is my age I will be long gone, or, best-case scenario, barricaded into my living module with enough rations to see out my days. But outside, I imagine vast, unregulated factories where workers count themselves lucky to toil through eighteen-hour days for less than a living wage before pulling on their gas masks to fight their way through the unemployed masses who are bartering with the mutated chickens and old tin-cans that they use for currency, those lucky workers returning to tiny, crowded shacks in a vast megalopolis where a tree is never seen, the air is thick with police drones, where car-bomb explosions, typhoons and freak hailstorms are so commonplace as to be barely remarked upon. Meanwhile, in the literally gilded towers above the carcinogenic smog, the privileged 1 per cent of businessmen, celebrities and entrepeneurs look down through bullet-proof windows, accept coktails in strange glasses from the robot waiters hovering nearby and laugh their tinkling laughs and somewhere, down there in that hellish, stewing mess of violence, poverty and desperation, is my son, Albie Petersen, a wandering minstrel with his guitar and his keen interest in photography, still refusing to wear a decent coat.
Thomas C. Foster, How to Read Literature Like a Professor: A Lively and Entertaining Guide to Reading Between the Lines|We sometimes hear of the death of literature or of this or that genre, but literature doesn't die, just as it doesn't 'progress' or 'decay.' It expands, it increases. When we feel that it has become stagnant or stale, that usually just means we ourselves are not paying sufficient attention.
Prince, 1999 (Piano/Vocal/Guitar)|But life is just a party, and parties weren't meant to last.
A.O. Esther, Elveszett lelkek|When I near Charlie’s house, I notice she’s standing in the doorway with a spatula in her hand. Despite being on edge, I can’t stop myself from grinning. I feel like such a chick around her sometimes, like I’m seconds away from buying a tiara and starting my period.
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|Poseidon grinned. "You're doing well with those new cabins, by the way. I suppose this means I can claim all those other sons and daughters of mine and send you some siblings next summer.""Ha-ha."Poseidon reeled in his empty line.I shifted my feet. "Um, you were kidding, right?"Poseidon gave me one of his inside-joke winks, and I still didn't know whether he was serious or not. 
Charles Dickens, David Copperfield|I have had affairs that lasted decades and others that lasted for hours. I have loved princesses and peasants. And I suppose they loved me, each in their way.
Debasish Mridha|Life is a one-way journey to be enjoyed, so enjoy the beauty of the present moment with all your heart.
Verghese Kurien, I Too Had a Dream|My colleague and I are journalists. ... Not of the muckraking variety, I hasten to assure you! Corruption is a necessary and time-honored concomitant of any functioning government, which we support wholeheartedly.
Jimmy Carter|You have the freedom to live and let live, to love and let love. Granting yourself that freedom is one of the healthiest, most constructive things you can do for yourself and the people who matter to you.
Farshad Asl|As we look ahead into the future, leaders will be those who serve others, actively listen, and daily empower.
Charles Caleb Colton|Many books require no thought from those who read them, and for a very simple reason; they made no such demand upon those who wrote them.
Gerald Morris, The Quest of the Fair Unknown|There's never a reason to trust someone. If there's a reason, then it's not trust.
Brandon Sanderson, The Final Empire|People are valuable, Mistress Vin, and so—therefore—are their beliefs.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|You have the power to shape your life the way you want it to be. Every though, every word, every action guides you with a purpose. And that purpose is to fulfill your destiny. Some may say you're just a dreamer. But everything imagined began with a dream.
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|I, myself, often wished to be spared the expectation of better days ahead or such.
Deyth Banger|Everyone has it's own great triumph, has he own story with sadness, madness and reverses. That's how we are build, few are the people which share their story, most cases because of shame.
Hina Hashmi, Your Life A Practical Guide to Happiness Peace and Fulfilment|Taking responsibility of your life and knowing the fact that YOU attract people and events in your life is scary, isn’t it?
Carrie Newcomer, A Permeable Life: Poems & Essays|The truth does not need a number of supporters for authenticity. One person among the lot can be the only truthful out of the ten; 11 people out of 12 may be on the truthful side. However, the truth is the truth irrespective of how many people like to embrace it!
Susanna Moodie|If the skies fall, one may hope to catch larks.
Billy Collins, Picnic, Lightning|This is what I think aboutwhen I shovel compostinto a wheelbarrow,and when I fill the long flower boxes,then press into rowsthe limp roots of red impatiens—the instant hand of Deathalways ready to burst forthfrom the sleeve of his voluminous cloak.Then the soil is full of marvels,bits of leaf like flakes off a fresco,red-brown pine needles, a beetle quickto burrow back under the loam.Then the wheelbarrow is a wilder blue,the clouds a brighter white,and all I hear is the rasp of the steel edgeagainst a round stone,the small plants singingwith lifted faces, and the clickof the sundialas one hour sweeps into the next.
Laurie Halse Anderson, The Impossible Knife of Memory|It doesn't matter where I go, I don't want to be there. And then I get to the next place, and I don't want to be there either.
Ross  Turner, Jenson|Our pasts haunt us all.” I admitted, in a rare moment of perfect clarity.
Suzy Kassem|HEARTWORKEach day is born with a sunriseand ends in a sunset, the same way weopen our eyes to see the light, and close them to hear the dark.You have no control overhow your story begins or ends.But by now, you should know thatall things have an ending.Every spark returns to darkness.Every sound returns to silence.And every flower returns to sleepwith the earth.The journey of the sunand moon is predictable.But yours, is your ultimateART.
Brian J. White|Jeff Kinney is tall and has a great smile, but don't be fooled, he's as slick as they come. A real player. And how he came up with a book that appeals to kids ages 8-13 baffles me. He's an unbelievably kind man with a great family.
Michael Benzehabe|It would seem this is the gift modernity has bestowed upon our generation: the practice of "dating," an awkward procedure where a man and a woman find themselves talking rot to each other in a darkened room. If it were up to me, I would say modernity can keep it, as I want no part.
M.R. Carey|In most stories she knows, children have a mother and a father, like Iphigenia had Clytemnestra and Agamemnon, and Helen had Leda and Zeus. Sometimes they have teachers too, but not always, and they never seem to have sergeants.
Gregg Harper|I can assure you, that the gallant hearts that throb beneath its sacred folds, will only be content, when this glorious banner is planted first and foremost in the coming struggle for our independence.
Megan Miranda, Soulprint|My soul was not meant to be in a cage. Not then, and not now.-Alina Chase
Rick Riordan, The Battle of the Labyrinth|Juniper: Are you guys busy? Percy: Well, we’re in the middle of this game against a bunch of monsters and we’re trying not to die. Annabeth: We’re not busy. 
Om Puri|Rather than looking outward in an attempt to predict the outcome, you turn inward to your identity. You base the decision on who you are--or who you want to be.
Walter de la Mare, Great Tales of Terror and the Supernatural|Pausing on the threshold, he looked in, conscious not so much of the few familiar sticks of furniture - the trucklebed, the worn strip of Brussels carpet, the chipped blue-banded ewer and basin, the framed illuminated texts on the walls - as of a perfect hive of abhorrent memories.That high cupboard in the corner, from which certain bodiless shapes had been wont to issue and stoop at him cowering out of his dreams; the crab-patterned paper that came alive as you stared; the window cold with menacing stars; the mouseholes, the rusty grate - trumpet of every wind that blows - these objects at once lustily shouted at him in their own original tongues.("Out Of The Deep")
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|In the Mars-and-Venus-gendered universe, men want power and women want emotional attachment and connection. On this planet nobody really has the opportunity to know love since it is power and not love that is the order of the day. The privilege of power is at the heart of patriarchal thinking. Girls and boys, men and women who have been taught this way almost always believe love is not important, or if it is, it is never as important as being powerful, dominant, in control, on top-being right. Women who give seemingly selfless adoration and care to the men in their lives appear to be obsessed with 'love,' but in actuality their actions are often a covert way to hold power. Like their male counterparts, they enter relationships speaking the words of love even as their actions indicate that maintaining power and control is their primary agenda.
Howard Thurman|The basic fact is that Christianity as it was born in the mind of this Jewish thinker and teacher appears as a technique of survival for the oppressed. That it became, through the intervening years, a religion of the powerful and the dominant, used sometimes as an instrument of oppression, must not tempt us into believing that it was thus in the mind and life of Jesus. 'In him was life; and the life was the light of men.' Wherever his spirit appears, the oppressed gather fresh courage; for he announced the good news that fear, hypocrisy, and hatred, the three hounds of hell that track the trail of the disinherited, need have no dominion over them.
Robin Talley, Our Own Private Universe|Last year I told Lori I thought I might be bi. Ever since, whenever she saw me looking at another girl, she asked if I liked her. Lori didn't get that sometimes it was fun just to notice people without having to think about whether you liked them or not.
John Grogan, Marley and Me: Life and Love With the World's Worst Dog|Such short little lives our pets have to spend with us, and they spend most of it waiting for us to come home each day. It is amazing how much love and laughter they bring into our lives and even how much closer we become with each other because of them.
Marouane LAASSAFAR|realy i wish i knew me better. you knew that feel when you are motionless and your fear entwined with your regret ? a feeling of sadness, repentance, or disappointment over something that has happened or been done, i realy want to tell you how do i feel inside, but this feeling in me it sends me to 7 sky high, i always tried to hold it on, it makes me feel so strong after, may i look weirdo,i've been thinking too much and i've been asking and talking to myself like that "its there any point in making plans?
Merlyn Gabriel Miller, Sex, Death, Drugs & Madness|Normality is an illusion, created by a conservative culture to control behaviour
Martin Luther, The Sermons of Martin Luther: 7 Volumes|Although it is very easy to marry a wife, it is very difficult to support her along with the children and the household. Accordingly, no one notices this faith of Jacob. Indeed, many hate fertility in a wife for the sole reason that the offspring must be supported and brought up. For this is what they commonly say: ‘Why should I marry a wife when I am a pauper and a beggar? I would rather bear the burden of poverty alone and not load myself with misery and want.’ But this blame is unjustly fastened on marriage and fruitfulness. Indeed, you are indicting your unbelief by distrusting God’s goodness, and you are bringing greater misery upon yourself by disparaging God’s blessing. For if you had trust in God’s grace and promises, you would undoubtedly be supported. But because you do not hope in the Lord, you will never prosper.
John A. Widtsoe, Rational Theology|True freedom, which is full joy, is the complete recognition of law and adaptation to it. Bondage comes from ignorance of law or opposition to it.
Ankit Rawat|Emotions are very precious gifts; share with them, who know the the worth of these gifts...
Richard Rohr, Falling Upward: A Spirituality for the Two Halves of Life|Once you see that your skin and your gift are two sides of the same coin, you can never forget it. It preserves religion from any arrogance and denial.
Carol Rifka Brunt, Tell the Wolves I'm Home|Or perhaps it is because it is so NECESSARY for you to win. It is like a drowning man catching at a straw. You yourself will agree that, unless he were drowning he would not mistake a straw for the trunk of a tree.
Maria Erving|Get to know who you are not, because when you know your ego the Truth of who you are will also become clear.
Bill Bryson, In a Sunburned Country|I have survived my first day of chemo and I like this feeling of survival. It’s alive and it’s right and it’s what I will make sure I feel every day for the rest of the life I have left. I make a promise to myself: While I’m dying, I will be completely fucking alive.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Don't hate the game, hate the player... the player should have known better than to play the game in the first place.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|As Christians, we are not to get our worlds mixed up . . . We are not to mingle with the world, but we are to witness to the world.
Allan Lokos, Pocket Peace: Effective Practices for Enlightened Living|The venerable teachers, philosophers & spiritual practitioners throughout history have concluded that the greatest happiness we can experience comes from the development of an open, loving heart.
John Southcross|The day I die, I’ll be too busy thinking to notice” he waved his hand as he left the ship. - Nelson Moon, shipwright and designer of the Altered Moon. Current location: Cantankerous Base, Planet Tarris, Arzian Alliance
Karen Harper, Fall from Pride|Southern hospitality and Amish cooking - Ya'll Come Back, Danki.
Bryant H. McGill|Oh, love will make a dog howl in rhyme.
Eric Chaisson, Epic of Evolution: Seven Ages of the Cosmos|Are you an evolutionist? I’m an absurdist, ma’am. But let’s suppose evolution is true; what about the monkeys today? Why can’t we see them evolving? Are they still evolving?
Maria Herliana|When you die you will not bring any possessions, but you will be accompanied by the song up into heaven…
Orhan Pamuk|I am a writer, I write what I feel and what like.
Elizabeth Goudge, The Dean's Watch|...accustomed like the white blackbird to the loneliness of eccentricity yet never quite reconciled to it, they found in each other's oddness a most comforting compatibility.
King Solomon Son of David|Light is sweet, and it pleases the eyes to see the sun.However many years anyone may live, let them enjoy them all.But let them remember the days of darkness, for there will be many. Everything to come is meaningless.
Robert Clark|I was very surprised when last I bought a packet of cigarettes and had to request a refund as I read a warning that told me "smoking can cause fatal lung cancer".
Anthony Fauci|Early in 1986, the World Health Organization in Geneva still regarded AIDS as an ailment of the promiscuous few.
Xavier Rosseel|We are made by the choices we make. We are defined, not by how or where we were born but what we make out of the "where" and "how"; not much of how we started but more of how we decide to end.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|Dance, Live, Sing, Cry, Love, Travel and Love again, until the day you have to stop
Frederick Douglass|Sweetest of all is liberty. This we have chosen and this we pay for. We have embraced the laws of Lykurgus, and they are stern laws. They have schooled us to scorn the life of leisure, which this rich land of ours would bestow upon us if we wished, and instead to enroll ourselves in the academy of discipline and sacrifice. Guided by these laws, our fathers for twenty generations have breathed the blessed air of freedom and have paid the bill in full when it was presented. We, their sons, can do no less.
Ansel Elgort|Being famous has changed a lot, because now there's so many outlets, between magazines, TV shows, and the Internet, for people to stalk and follow you. We created the monster.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper|Words are directed to your personalities namely; - God, your hearers, devil and yourself.
Scarlett Avery, Exposed|You taste so good. I love making you come with my mouth.” —Bryce Van Der Linden (French Kiss, Unbearable Passion, #2)
Steven Cuoco|It takes a good leader, with integrity, to enhance a leader with passion.
C.B. Cook, Twinepathy|I’d prefer silence and random jokes about the passing billboards and scenery, but I know how he likes music. I just hope he doesn’t start singing.
Shannon Hale|The book smelled dusty and old but also carried a sweet tang, a hint of something inviting. She opened to the first page and started to read, pronouncing the words in a reverent whisper.
Peter J. Leithart|the whole Bible is itself a missional phenomenon. The writings that now comprise our Bible are themselves the product of and witness to the ultimate mission of God. The Bible renders to us the story of God's mission through God's people in their engagement with God's world for the sake of the whole of God's creation. The Bible is the drama of this God of purpose engaged in the mission of achieving that purpose universally, embracing past, present and future, Israel and the nations, "life, the universe and everything," and with its centre, focus, climax, and completion in Jesus Christ. Mission is not just one of a list of things that the Bible happens to talk about, only a bit more urgently than some. Mission is, in that much-abused phrase, "what it's all about.
Kenneth Scott Latourette|I think it will be found that experience, the true source and foundation of all knowledge, invariably confirms its truth.
Tom Landry|Now, I know you expected me to say that, well, I just kick back in the rocking chair, fished a little bit, listened to Willie Nelson tapes and watched old baseball games on the Classic Sports network. And, tell you the truth, I have done that for maybe about five total minutes.
Karl Jaspers|Now it is established in the sciences that no knowledge is acquired save through the study of its causes and beginnings, if it has had causes and beginnings; nor completed except by knowledge of its accidents and accompanying essentials.
Christina Rossetti, Complete Poems|What an ambiance, and such a pity I'm alone: Candles giving off their glow, gusts of wind and the light tapping of rain on the windowpane - a massage for the mind. And a comforting one, too.
|Fix me," I commanded him. "This thing, what I've done- there's something wrong with me, Noah. Fix it."Noah's expression broke my heart as he brushed my hair from my face and skimmed the line of my neck. "I can't.""Why not?" I asked, my voice threatening to crack.Noah lifted both his hands to my face, and held it. "Because," he said, "you aren't broken.
Sebastian Thrun|The CIA in real life, we know, is looking for new kinds of cover. It's looking for new platforms, as they like to say, and it's trying to use the revolution in communications technology, the ability to use all sorts of corporate entities in ways that are hard to detect to get our spies in the places where they need to be.
Christopher Moore|Politics is a matter of human transaction. I consider absolutely everything political, because all fiction involves relationships between people, and relationships between people always include matters of power, of equity, of communication.
Sandy Nathan, Numenon|If your leg is in a cast, it's really dumb to sit in front of your computer doing unnecessary stuff with it hanging down. Your leg will swell and heal slower, if at all. When you go to your doctor, he/she will give you one of those "you're really dumb and self destructive" looks. Also, "Why didn't you follow my orders and rest?" Your doctor will be right, and so will mine at my next office visit. Elevate, folk! Elevate your mind, your soul, and your leg, in the order needed!
Gayle Forman, Just One Day|Step-parents, those fairy tale villains,Have been given a bad name.They're easy targets.When the family goes awryHow easy to blame them.I was blessed by the right steps...
Auliq Ice|It is very humbling to see my own character defects in someone who annoys me. At the end of the day, I realize they have actually prompted positive change in me.
M. Scott Peck, People of the Lie: The Hope for Healing Human Evil|I feel compelled to make another 'nonapology.' Many readers are likely to be concerned about my use of masculine pronouns in relation to God. I think I both understand and appreciate this concern. It is a matter to which I have given much thought. I have generally been a strong supporter of the women's movement and action that is reasonable to combat sexist language. But first of all, God is not neuter. He is exploding with life and love and even sexuality of a sort. So 'It' is not appropriate. Certainly I consider God androgynous. He is as gentle and tender and nurturing and maternal as any woman could ever be. Nonetheless, culturally determined though it may be, I subjectively experience His reality as more masculine than feminine. While He nurtures us, He also desires to penetrate us, and while we more often than not flee from His love like a reluctant virgin, He chases after us with a vigor in the hunt that we most typically associate with males. As CS Lewis put it, in relation to God we are all female. Moreover, whatever our gender or conscious theology, it is our duty---our obligation---in response to His love to attempt to give birth, like Mary, to Christ in ourselves and in others."I shall, however, break with tradition and use the neuter for Satan. While I know Satan to be lustful to penetrate us, I have not in the least experienced this desire as sexual or creative---only hateful and destructive. It is hard to determine the sex of a snake.
Susan Sontag, Regarding the Pain of Others|To set their sufferings alongside the sufferings of another people was to compare them (which hell was worse?), demoting Sarajevo's martyrdom to a mere instance.
Lance Morcan, The Orphan Conspiracies: 29 Conspiracy Theories from The Orphan Trilogy|The media, like anything else, can be bought. Everything, it seems, has its price. Even the free press.
sarav|I realized today that a daughter is born twice. For nine months, a mother carries and nourishes her daughter in her stomach, then gives birth to her. It's a happy occasion, but the mother is left feeling sadly empty inside...But I realized today that, after raising her within my love and embrace and sending her off in marriage, this day is just as sad and leaves me just as empty as the one when I first gave birth to
Megan McKenna, And Morning Came: Scriptures of the Resurrection|A grieving son was given the opportunity to write parting words on a card at his mother's funeral. He quoted the verse, "And morning came and Jesus was standing on the shore.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Usurper: And Other Stories|Sometimes, our pride compels us to engage in costly wars when a true commitment to a compromising peace would have been the best course to pursue.
Cheryl Hersha, Secret Weapons: How Two Sisters Were Brainwashed To Kill For Their Country|Dr. Talbon was struck by another very important thing. It all hung together. The stories Cheryl told — even though it was upsetting to think people could do stuff like that — they were not disjointed They were not repetitive in terms of "I've heard this before". It was not just she'd someone trying consciously or unconsciously to get attention. really processed them out and was done with them. She didn't come up with them again [after telling the story once and dealing with it]. Once it was done, it was done. And I think that was probably the biggest factor for me in her believability. I got no sense that she was using these stories to make herself a really interesting person to me so I'd really want to work with her, or something. Or that she was just living in this stuff like it was her life. Once she dealt with it and processed it, it was gone. We just went on to other things. 'Throughout the whole thing, emotionally Cheryl was getting her life together. Parts of her were integrating where she could say,"I have a sense that some particular alter has folded in with some basic alter", and she didn't bring it up again. She didn't say that this alter has reappeared to cause more problems. That just didn't happen. The therapist had learned from training and experience that when real integration occurs, it is permanent and the patient moves on.
Wangari Maathai|All of us deserve a greater peace of mind, knowing that our children are better protected wherever they are.
Alan Guth|It’s hard to build models of inflation that don't lead to a multiverse. It’s not impossible, so I think there’s still certainly research that needs to be done. But most models of inflation do lead to a multiverse, and evidence for inflation will be pushing us in the direction of taking [the idea of a] multiverse seriously.
Olusegun Obasanjo|The business of the law is to make sense of the confusion of what we call human life - to reduce it to order but at the same time to give it possibility, scope, even dignity.
Shannon Duffy, Awakening|The aunts’ conception of the right to privacy went far enough to allow you to close the toilet door when you were peeing, but no further.
William Lyon Mackenzie King|Democratic forms of government are vulnerable to mass prejudice, the so-called tyranny of the majority.
Michael Bassey Johnson|What an absurd thing it is to pass over all the valuable parts of a man, and fix our attention on his infirmities.
Jennifer DeLucy, Seers of Light|Perhaps he knew, there in the grass by the waters, that he had before him an immense journey.
LL Cool J|Right now, when we're hearing so much disturbing and hateful rhetoric, it is so important to remember that our diversity has been - and will always be - our greatest source of strength and pride here in the United States.
Edward Wortley Montagu, Reflections on the Rise and Fall of the Ancient Republicks: Adapted to the Present State of Great Britain|[T]here cannot be a more certain symptom of the approaching ruin of a State than when a firm adherence to party is fixed upon as the only test of merit, and all the qualifications requisite to a right discharge of every employment, are reduced to that single standard.
Tara Brach, Radical Acceptance: Embracing Your Life With the Heart of a Buddha|Where would I find enough leatherTo cover the entire surface of the earth?But with leather soles beneath my feet,It’s as if the whole world has been covered.
Damian Wampler, Sevara: Dawn of Hope|Later, she didn’t remember how she escaped from his grasp, or how she ended up back in her barracks, but at that moment she realized that something had started that night that changed everything.
Thomas Jefferson|I find that the harder I work , the more luck I seem to have.
Avina Celeste|Let your life be a reflection of your bravery not of your fear. Someone who does not take risks and leave their comfort zone will remain stagnant. They will never change, never move, never leave the place they are right now. Be brave in the face of your fears.
Faisal Khosa|Wake up call may be a disastrous failure, if it results in a life change, the failure is worth the suffering
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|We are not subjects of a State founded upon law, but members of a society founded upon revolution. Revolution is our obligation: our hope of evolution. The Revolution is in the individual spirit, or it is nowhere. It is for all, or it is nothing. If it is seen as having any end, it will never truly begin.
Dominic Riccitello|I see more light than dark, but when I encounter dark I seem to get lost in it.
Charlotte Eriksson, Empty Roads & Broken Bottles; in search for The Great Perhaps|When you are alone, bless the solitude; when you are with someone, bless the togetherness! Think of the seagull: It flies alone happily; it flies with another happily too! Solitude is a food; togetherness is a food; man needs both and he must be happy with both!
H.G. Wells, The Holy Terror|The world, I tell you, is bored -- bored now to the explosive pitch. It's bored by all this incessant war preparation. It is bored by aimless violence, now here, now there. It is tired of hatred politics. It's tired of fresh murders every day. It is not indignant, not excited; it is bored. Bored and baffled..."I don't believe a man begins to know anything of politics until he realises the immense menace of mental fatigue, of world-wide mass boredom. It accumulates. It makes the most frightful convulsions and demoralisation possible. It makes them at last inevitable. Nobody wants fundamental changes in a world where hope and interest prevail. Then people accept their careers, settle down to them, rear children. But throw them out of work, in and out and no sense of security, deprive them of bright expectations, regiment them in masses, underfeed them, bore them with organised mass patriotism, and they begin to seep together into a common morass of discontent and impatience. Almost unconsciously..."They're like that now.
B. F. Skinner|When kids are young, before the age of ten, there is a critical window of opportunity when their habits and motivations can be influenced.
R.B. O'Brien|Romance and romantic are different. Death, itself, can be romantic. Nature and a destructive snowstorm can be romantic. Lovers in love but giving that up can also be romantic. There is something aesthetically romantic in beauty itself. And beauty can even be pain. Therefore, pain is romantic, especially when the sufferer does so for love.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Here I Am|Touch had always saved them in the past. No matter the anger or hurt, no matter the depth of the aloneness, a touch, even a light and passing touch, reminded them of their long togetherness. A palm on a neck: it all flooded back. A head leaned upon a shoulder: the chemicals surged, the memory of love. At times, it was almost impossible to cross the distance between their bodies, to reach out. At times, it was impossible. Each new the feeling so well, in the silence of a darkened bedroom, looking at the same ceiling: If I could open my fingers, my heart's fingers could open.
Lois Greiman, Unscrewed|Absence makes the heart grow fonder, but tequila makes it so she doesn't give a shit if she's fond of you are not
Jeffrey Kluger|I have always been aware that you have to get people listening before you can change their minds. Any artist's big fear is being ignored, so if you get debate, that's great.
Jeremy Campbell, Grammatical Man: Information, Entropy, Language, and Life|If you have a deep inclination to transmute harm into help and be of benefit to others, whether they live next door or on the other side of the world, you will eventually be connected with the sources of energy and information that will assist your effort.
Ingrid Betancourt, Even Silence Has an End: My Six Years of Captivity in the Colombian Jungle|I was discovering that the most precious gift someone can give us is time, because what gives time its value is death.
Charles de Lint|The real difference is that with fantasy—and by that I mean fantasy which can simultaneously tap into a cosmopolitan commonality at the same time as it springs from an individual and unique perspective. In this sort of fantasy, a mythic resonance lingers on—an harmonious vibration that builds in potency the longer one considers it, rather than fading away when the final page is read and the book is put away. Characters discovered in such writing are pulled from our own inner landscapes... and then set out upon the stories' various stages so that as we learn to understand them a little better, both the monsters and the angels, we come to understand ourselves a little better as well.
Newt Gingrich|I'm 58 years old. I got married for the first time - it's about time, right? Growing up as a gay woman, you just don't ever think about that, and then I thought, about 10 years ago, 'You know, I think within 10 years gay marriage will be legal.' And here we are, 10 years later, making it legal.
B.J. Novak, One More Thing: Stories and Other Stories|And anyone will tell you that's the whole point. You want to meet someone who likes the same things you do, and who likes you most when you're most being yourself.
Abbi Glines, Breathe|You're everything I write about in my songs, but can never have.
Dillon Burroughs, Hunger No More: A 1-Year Devotional Journey Through the Psalms|Everything he was, he gave to her.
Saul Bellow, The Adventures of Augie March|New Rule: America has every right ot bitch about gas prices suddenly shooting up. How could we have known? Oh, wait, there was that teensy, tiny thing about being warned constantly over the last forty years but still creating more urban sprawl, failing to build public transport, buying gas-guzzlers, and voting for oil company shills. So, New Rule: Shut the fuck up about gas prices.
Jill Alexander Essbaum|If you decide to take somebody on, don’t look behind you, because there won’t be anybody there. You’ll be all alone.
Cullen Bunn|I would be horrible at Twitter. I wouldn't know the answer to fans' questions half the time - and the patience involved! I couldn't imagine. I did have a Twitter account that I tried for a couple days, but found I had nothing to say.
Catherine Hicks|Happy, happy Christmas, that can win us back to the delusions of our childhood days, recall to the old man the pleasures of his youth, and transport the traveler back to his own fireside and quiet home!
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Kindness is seen as weakness and intelligence worshiped, even when that intelligence allows unfathomable injustice and suffering to occur under its smart watch.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Utilizing all of your mind is a step towards brilliance.Utilizing all of your heart is a step towards excellence.Utilizing all of your soul is a step towards nobleness.Utilizing all of your mind, heart, and soul is a step towards greatness.
Debasish Mridha|You are a leader when your actions encourage someone to reveal himself with hope, courage, confidence and trust.
Steven Spielberg|The decline of violence isn't a steady inclined plane from an original state of maximal and universal bloodshed. Technology, ideology, and social and cultural changes periodically throw out new forms of violence for humanity to contend with.
Billy Beane|There's a short chain between field and fork, and the shorter that chain is - the fresher, the more transparent that system is - the less chance there is of anything from bio-terrorism to pathogenicity to spoilage.
Samuel Butler|Sometimes stereotyping happens not because of any nefarious reasons but rather because people don't know who you are or where you come from, so they go for the broad strokes about you, your culture, your faith, all that.
Wayne W. Dyer|Not only do you become what you think about, but the world also becomes what you think about. Those who think that the world is a dark place are blind to the light that might illuminate their lives. Those who see the light of the world view the dark spots as merely potential light.
Tracy Chapman|He has achieved success who has worked well, laughed often, and loved much.
Philip W. Comfort, The Origin of the Bible|Logos (The Biblical Manuscripts/Canon of Scriptures) & Rhema (The Person/Life/Words/Death/Resurrection of Jesus Christ): The 'special' & 'ultimate' revelation of God. Without these revelations God would be unsearchable, unknowable, and inscrutable."~R. Alan Woods [2013]
C. JoyBell C.|I looked long and hard for the paper roses! I found the reddest red ribbon, and a little golden card! We were all there together, many of us, in the same place; but I was the only one who found the paper roses, the only one who chose the reddest red ribbon, and the only one who topped off with a golden card. And so I learned that if people are unhappy, it is only because they don't know how to look for the paper roses, they don't see the reddest red ribbon, and they don't like the little golden cards. We are all in the same wrap-shoppe in this life. But we are different. Because some of us are looking for the paper roses, choosing the reddest red ribbon, and picking up the little golden cards.
B. C. Forbes|We have not passed that subtle line between childhood and adulthood until... we have stopped saying "It got lost " and say "I lost it."
Sarah Orne Jewett, The Only Rose|The bright flower was like a face. Somehow, the beauty and life of it were surprising in the plain room, like a gay little child who might suddenly appear in a doorway.
Mohith Agadi|Think like a Fox, but don't Behave like one!
RVM|Treasure your Ideas, for they are like seeds that germinate in your mind. They Root, Shoot, and Fruit into Concepts & Creativity that are beyond Imagination.
Shauna Niequist, Present Over Perfect: Leaving Behind Frantic for a Simpler, More Soulful Way of Living|I don't know why divorce happens, but it does. Embracing it means stepping into the unknown future with a known God and trusting that He will be with you the entire way.
Xi Chuan, Notes on the Mosquito: Selected Poems|How curious it was, how ironic, he decided, that the human brain seemed capable of understanding almost everything but itself.
Bill Konigsberg, Openly Straight|This is where we come," he said. Albie and I look at each other. “We?”“Me and, you know.”Albie’s eyes got wide. “I really don’t think I want to know about this.” I surprised myself. “I do,” I said. I guess I was tired of having to withhold the truth from Toby. Other than Ben, he and Albie we’re easily my best friends at Natick. Toby looked a little surprised, like he’d just assumed we wouldn’t want to hear the details. “You do?”“Yeah.”He looked around to make sure we were alone. We definitely were. No one came back here to my knowledge. Also it was cold. Like twenty degrees. Only three idiots would be in the woods in the winter, it seemed to me. “Robinson” he said. “Gorilla Butt,” I said, nodding. “I know.”“You know?”“Yup.”Toby crossed his arms an then deflated into a fake pout. “You’re stealing my scene, bitch. Scene stealer.”“Sorry,” I said. “So you and Gorilla Butt. Wow.”He flipped me off. “He hates that,” Toby said. “But, yeah. It’s hairy.”“Oh, look, almost anything else in the universe,” Albie said, heading back to campus and leaving us in the clearing. “He’s such a prude,” Toby said rolling his eyes.
Courtney Winnie, The Demonic Trial|I am gonna shock the crowd, you are just gonna wow them.
Christa Carmen, Just Desserts|Eve wasn't sure what right the clown had to butcher the poor girl like that. In fact, most horror movies made her angry. Though the 'final girl' usually got out alive, she was stripped of so much by the time the credits rolled.
James M. Barrie|Choose your love, Love your choice.
Amanda Hocking, Wisdom|Are you just gonna stare at Jack or are we gonna go?" Milo asked, poking his head into the bedroom.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|There comes a time when we realize that our parents cannot save themselves or save us, that everyone who wades through time eventually gets dragged out to sea by the undertow- that, in short, we are all going.
Abigail Barnette, The Boss|But the best part of catching Neil in the shower was, hands down, the loud, awful singing.
Roger Scruton, Fools, Frauds and Firebrands: Thinkers of the New Left|The two goals of liberation and social justice are not obviously compatible, any more than were the liberty and equality advocated at the French Revolution. If liberation involves the liberation of individual potential, how do we stop the ambitious, the energetic, the intelligent, the good-looking and the strong from getting ahead, and what should we allow ourselves by way of constraining them?
Larry McMurtry, Lonesome Dove|Or the woman in front of me in the security line who asked if they would put her cat, Dave, through the luggage X-ray machine because she wanted to see if he'd eaten a necklace.
Emma Chase, Royally Matched|You would think having your arse constantly kissed would be enjoyable, even just a little. But when it’s a nest of snakes trying to latch on—offering a rim job with their flicking, forked tongues—it’s revolting.
Northern Adams, Mickey and the Gargoyle|God could learn a little about love and morality from us. If there’s anyone who needs redemption, it’s God.
Trenton Lee Stewart, The Mysterious Benedict Society and the Perilous Journey|When you steal from the library, you are preventing anyone else from reading that book, and the very notion makes me want to drop you in the Void.
Erasmus|Only a very few can be learned, but all can be Christian, all can be devout, and – I shall boldly add – all can be theologians.
Boris Pasternak, Doctor Zhivago|Farewell, my great one, my own, farewell, my pride, farewell, my swift, deep, dear river, how I loved your daylong splashing, how I loved to plunge into your cold waves.
sandy Khoury|A smile is the light in the window that others say that there is care, and sharing person inside.
Doris Lessing, On Cats|In the morning, when she wishes me to wake, she crouches on my chest, and pats my face with her paw. Or, if I am on my side, she crouches looking into my face. Soft, soft touches of her paw. I open my eyes, say I don't want to wake. I close my eyes. Cat gently pats my eyelids. Cat licks my nose. Cat starts purring, two inches from my face. Cat, then, as I lie pretending to be asleep, delicately bites my nose. I laugh and sit up. At which she bounds off my bed and streaks downstairs -- to have the back door opened if it is winter, to be fed, if it is summer.
Carol Ann Duffy, Rapture|You know, every bad guy was once good until he crossed a line. I don’t think they come out of the womb being assholes.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|I saw many people who begun their marathon races lately, but they eventually came up as top winners. I believe that your "lateness" does not account for your "lastness". It's not too late for you to make a start... Begin it now! No further delays!
Anna Deavere Smith, Letters to a Young Artist|Rhetoric is what shapes history, if not truth.
Hanif Kureishi, The Buddha of Suburbia|All I got was the news that he'd married an absolute honey, and an admonition to eat my heart out.
Elisabeth Elliot, Shadow of the Almighty: The Life and Testament of Jim Elliot|2 Timothy 3:16 says the speaker, instructs us, to draw from the Word of God for doctrine – what is right. He instructs us to draw from the Bible for reproof – pointing out what is wrong – as well as correction that will tell people how to get right. Last, the Word also gives us instruction in how to stay right.
Gary Johnson|I can't explain exactly why it lives within me for so long and passionately. But race matters to me; racial equality matters to me, as does gender. There is something about these kinds of social injustices that go to the deep of me.
Amy Leigh Mercree|A #loveselfie isn't a picture or a status update. It's an attitude of embracing, accepting, and valuing yourself, exactly as you are in each moment. It's being one hundred percent present with yourself. Try it.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Americanah|I thought all men were the enemy," he said as a tease. I narrowed my eyes. "Well who exactly do you think teaches little girls to see other little girls as the enemy, when in fact it's all just a lie to make sure we never consolidate our talents and rise to power?" I watched Lock's expression brighten and I changed the subject before he said something annoying, like how lovely I looked when I ranted about the patriarchy.
Eileen Anglin|It’s to your best interest to be patient with your REAL self as you nurture it back into existence." ~ Linda Deir
Sabrina Jeffries, Married to the Viscount|One day I shall leave the world,And if you feel like remembering me-Search me not in my ashes,In my words, you can rummage me!
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Dressing appropriately in one venue may be highly inappropriate in another. Yet every day we see a lack of modesty and taste, regardless of how uncomfortable it makes others feel.
