Anita Diamant, The Red Tent|If you do not have a close friendship with your children, I will.--Child Molester warning all parents from the book Type 1 Sociopath
Alexandra Adornetto|Anything that's not positive, I don't have the energy to focus on it. Anything that's not going in the right direction, I don't have the time or the energy.
Craig Froman, An Owl on the Moon: A Journal from the Edge of Darkness|I long to drift through turquoise skies;race the wind in rampant flight.Ruddy chains have framed my eyes,they seize my heart and stain the light.
Lisa Carlisle, Knights of Stone: Mason|Stop him, stop this, she commanded herself. Reason floated away; she wanted him. If he walked away now, she might disintegrate into a pile of frustration as fragile as the leaves crumbling under foot.	His lips touched hers, shooting electric shock waves rippling to her toes. Then he claimed her with a torrid kiss. Passion welled up from her core, overpowering all thought except her desires.
Alice Munro, Selected Stories|A story is not like a road to follow … it's more like a house. You go inside and stay there for a while, wandering back and forth and settling where you like and discovering how the room and corridors relate to each other, how the world outside is altered by being viewed from these windows. And you, the visitor, the reader, are altered as well by being in this enclosed space, whether it is ample and easy or full of crooked turns, or sparsely or opulently furnished. You can go back again and again, and the house, the story, always contains more than you saw the last time. It also has a sturdy sense of itself of being built out of its own necessity, not just to shelter or beguile you.
Captain Hank Bracker, "Seawater One...."|I’m chasing after that Holy Shit effect.If this sounds arrogant, that’s because it is. If you don’t believe in your own greatness, no one else will. You’re limited only by your doubts, your fears, and your desire to fit in rather than stand out.And there’s room in this world for all of us to stand out.
Louisa May Alcott|What is wrong is wrong and what is right is right. If it is therefore wrong to do what is wrong, then it is absolutely right to do what is right! Do what is right and be right in what you do!
Billy Sunday|It is an occult law moreover, that no man can rise superior to his individual failings without lifting, be it ever so little, the whole body of which he is an integral part. In the same way no one can sin, nor suffer the effects of sin, alone. In reality, there is no such thing as 'separateness' and the nearest approach to that selfish state which the laws of life permit is in the intent or motive.
Larry Winget|Nobody ever wrote down a plan to be broke, fat, lazy, or stupid. Those things are what happen when you don’t have a plan.
Jean-Yves Leloup, Compassion and Meditation: The Spiritual Dynamic between Buddhism and Christianity|To be grounded in an attitude of compassion is to be capable of receiving and welcoming the suffering, which the other is giving us. This does not mean that we suffer for them, but that we offer them possibility of going beyond the separate self in which suffering is harbored. (59)
Charlotte Featherstone, Addicted|If you’re looking for the full deal, the till-death deal, then look at me. No one’s ever going to love you, stick by you, understand how you work the way I do.(Malcolm Kavanaugh)
Alec Baldwin|I know some people who live this much more insulated life in Los Angeles, where their feet never touch public ground. They walk out of their bathroom, their living room, they get into their garage, their car, and the next thing you know, they're at the valet parking of the restaurant or the store or the office. They're in a bubble the whole time.
Tristram Stuart|There is no 'need' for us to eat meat, dairy or eggs. Indeed, these foods are increasingly linked to various human diseases and animal agriculture is an environmental disaster for the planet.
Gina Bellman|We need to do teacher training to educate them about what temperament means. Shyness is painful and you want to help a child with shyness - but the underlying temperament of being a careful, sensitive person is to be honoured, valued and respected.
Spuds Crawford|Science and discovery, especially in the field of non-abnormal pediatric mysteries, is built on the work of those who have been sneezed on before us. Causation and rationale may someday be reached, but until then it is the heartwarming and parental nature of the journey that drives us on; well, that and a fresh box of Kleenex.
Kenneth E. Collier|Unconditional love. That’s what he wants to give her and what he wants from her. People should give without wanting anything in return. All other giving is selfish. But he is being selfish a little, isn’t he, by wanting her to love him in return? He hopes that she loves him in return. Is it possible for a person to love without wanting love back? Is anything so pure? Or is love, by its nature, a reciprocity, like oceans and clouds, an evaporating of seawater and a replenishing of rain?
Peter Heather, The Fall of the Roman Empire: A New History of Rome and the Barbarians|Just as he was slowly bringing order to his own internal life, he would also bring order to his language.
Anthony Liccione|Acknowledging that sometimes, often at very crucial times, you really have no idea where you are going or even where the path lies. A the same time, you can very well know something about where you are now (even if it is knowing that you are lost, confused, enraged or without hope).
Chuck Palahniuk, Invisible Monsters|I felt very still and empty, the way the eye of a tornado must feel, moving dully along in the middle of the surrounding hullabaloo.
Yorris ys|I told myself a thousand times every single day I needed to forget you. I forgot to forget, and I forgot what I told myself" From "The Jasmine Tree: Love in the time of revolutions
Francis Bacon|If in other sciences we should arrive at certainty without doubt and truth without error, it behooves us to place the foundations of knowledge in mathematics.
Jean Rhys, Quartet|Not that she objected to solitude. Quite the contrary. She had books, thank Heaven, quantities of books. All sorts of books.
Khadija Rupa, Unexpressed Feelings|Say that you don’t love him!” Amarantha shrieked, and the blood on my hands became the blood of that rabbit—became the blood of what I had lost.But I wouldn’t say it. Because loving Tamlin was the only thing I had left, the only thing I couldn’t sacrifice.A path cleared through my red-and-black vision. I found Tamlin’s eyes—wide as he crawled toward Amarantha, watching me die, and unable to save me while his wound slowly healed, while she still gripped his power.Amarantha had never intended for me to live, never intended to let him go.“Amarantha, stop this,” Tamlin begged at her feet as he clutched the gaping wound in his chest. “Stop. I’m sorry—I’m sorry for what I said about Clythia all those years ago. Please.
Hina Hashmi, Your Life A Practical Guide to Happiness Peace and Fulfilment|Good deeds move you towards the right place, at the right time, and with the right people. When you succeed in good things, ultimately you will experience enlightenment/ascension.
MKF - Screwed Life|Conroy writes that, while part of him was following the basketball game from the bench, "the other part, an embassy of a completely sovereign nation, would fling its doors open to the most authentic part of me.
Amit Kalantri|Let people stick to their philosophy, you stick to your passion.
Iman Ghavamabadi|Seeing is an art; To become an artist, you need to feel.
Chetan Bhagat|What makes the self?Experiences. Acculturation.What else?I don't know.What's within you.She says, I don't know what was within me and what got put there by my life as it was lived.You can never know that.No.But there is a you that was there before you were born and that nobody shaped or changed or could have changed.
Orhan Pamuk, Snow|Women kill themselves because they hope to gain something," said Kadife. "Men kill themselves because they've lost hope of gaining anything.
Katherine Addison, The Goblin Emperor|Ulis, he prayed, abandoning the set words, let my anger die with him. Let both of us be freed from the burden of his actions. Even if I cannot forgive him, help me not to hate him. Ulis was a cold god, a god of night and shadows and dust. His love was found in emptiness, his kindness in silence. And that was what Maia needed. Silence, coldness, kindness. He focused his thoughts carefully on the familiar iconography, the image of Ulis’s open hands; the god of letting go was surely the god who would listen to an unwilling emperor. Help me not to feel hatred, he prayed, and after a while it became easier to ask that Dazhis find peace, that Maia’s anger not be added to the weight against his soul.
Beth Kempton, Freedom Seeker: Live More. Worry Less. Do What You Love.|We aren't either afraid or brave, we’re usually both.
David E. Wilkins, The Hank Adams Reader: An Exemplary Native Activist and the Unleashing of Indigenous Sovereignty|If a good man can't sleep after hurting people, then he should learn much more to be a leader.
Isabel Allende, Inés of My Soul|People do not belong to others, either. How can the huincas buy and sell people if they do not own them. Sometimes the boy went two or three days without speaking a word, surly, and not eating, and when asked what was the matter, the answer was always the same: "There are content days and there are sad days. Each person is a master of his silence.
Steve Maraboli|Soul mates. They really call themselves that, which makes sense, because I guess they are ... They have no harsh edges with each other, no spiny conflicts, they ride though life like conjoined jellyfish - expanding and contracting instinctively, filling each other's spaces liquidly. Making it look easy.
Asma Naqi|Without choice, there can be no service, love, or value to your actions. Remember that.
David Drake|Anytime you're afraid to try something new...just remember, amateurs built the ark, professionals built the titanic.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Failure exists. Yes! Failure exists. Don’t expect to meet all your expectations in life; however, expect to do everything you must do to realize your expectations and success. These two things success and failure have in common; they both responds to uncertainty and they are triggered by action.
Arundhati Roy|Either way, change will come. It could be bloody, or it could be beautiful. It depends on us.
M.K. Meredith, Seducing Seven|Why do I feel the need to be polite? It was not good seeing him. It was torturous. I hope I can avoid him the rest of the night."	"Maybe he'll trip and fall into the pool."	"Ryan can't swim."	"Then I'll push him into the pool.
Eliezer Yudkowsky, Harry Potter and the Methods of Rationality|Barking hard work, being a boy.
Kenny G|The notion of the infinite variety of detail and the multiplicity of forms is a pleasing one; in complexity are the fringes of beauty, and in variety are generosity and exuberance.
Syed Afroz Alam|Time has wings it is flying but it has no shape, no colour ,no dimension so it is invisible.
Emilyann Girdner, The Labyrinth Wall|What’s not to love? I made friends with a pretty girl and now we get to plan a castle break in. This beats the day to day kill, eat and survive.
Jessica Lave|When the chips are down, you are giventhe chance to find the strength you never knew you had and put it toward the greater good. Or go over to the dark side. You know, if that’s how you roll.
Cathy Cassidy, Sundae Girl|Maybe I'll just give up on boys. Okay, maybe not. I mean they're just so cute!
Fuel By God - Susan Samaroo|If you believe you will succeed, there is always a chance you might. But if you believe that you will fail, then you will always fail. Never allow yourself to lose before you begin.
Jillian Eaton, After Ever|For God's sake put on your glasses, Sam. You're staring right at my boobs.
Neal Stephenson, The Big U|But you can't argue that the world isn't in an unhealthy moral state.""Wouldn't think of it dearest. People lie, cheat, rape, swindle, kill, maim, torture and destroy. Bad thing. People also pop into bed together and cosy up. Good thing. If we think fucking is a sign of moral decay then we're a little bit stupid-stupid, aren't we?
Neil Gaiman|The one thing that you have that nobody else has is you. Your voice, your mind, your story, your vision. So write and draw and build and play and dance and live as only you can.", University of the Arts, 134th Commencement (Philadelphia, PA, May 17, 2012)]
Kate McGahan|When you feel negative energy coming your way,DOA-Dismiss On Arrival
David Fincher|Even in India the Hindi film industry might be the best known but there are movies made in other regional languages in India, be it Tamil or Bengali. Those experiences too are different from the ones in Bombay.
James  Connor, The Superyogi Scenario|He no longer grasped to a strong sense of self. To him life felt more like a dream, a cascade of cause and effect that was completely up for grabs-and he was no longer separate from any of it. Because of that, he could do amazing things
Frederick Douglass|Grandmother pointed out my brother Perry, my sister Sarah, and my sister Eliza, who stood in the group. I had never seen my brother nor my sisters before; and, though I had sometimes heard of them, and felt a curious interest in them, I really did not understand what they were to me, or I to them. We were brothers and sisters, but what of that? Why should they be attached to me, or I to them? Brothers and sisters were by blood; but slavery had made us strangers. I heard the words brother and sisters, and knew they must mean something; but slavery had robbed these terms of their true meaning.
Scott Stabile|Be free, my friend.Cry, scream, rage, collapse.Your pain is not too much for us.And though it’s hard to believe right now,your pain is not too much for you, either.Fall apart into a thousand frightened pieces,question everything you’ve always trusted,grieve however you need to grieve.We’ll still be here. So will you.Yes, you will survive this.Changed but stronger.Wounded but alive.Seen, and loved. So very loved.
G.A. Aiken, A Tale of Two Dragons|Hate never can win a heart,Only love can do that.
Jodi Picoult, Vanishing Acts|Robots are important also. If I don my pure-scientist hat, I would say just send robots; I'll stay down here and get the data. But nobody's ever given a parade for a robot. Nobody's ever named a high school after a robot. So when I don my public-educator hat, I have to recognize the elements of exploration that excite people. It's not only the discoveries and the beautiful photos that come down from the heavens; it's the vicarious participation in discovery itself.
Roy T. Bennett|Strive to make small changes and learn something new daily, because there is always these experiences you have had to tap into for the future.
Karen Chance, In Vino Veritas|I was hoping that the first time you expressed affection for me, it would not be in a room full of strangers. And that you would not have just said it to a sniveling creature like that Raymond!” “I expressed affection for Ray?” “Yes!” “Man, I really must be drunk.” Louis-Cesare just looked at me. I blinked politely back, until I realized that he expected a response.
Tom Robbins, Jitterbug Perfume|Modern Romans insisted that there was only one god, a notion that struck Alobar as comically simplistic. Worse, this Semitic deity was reputed to be jealous (what was there to be jealous of if there were no other gods?), vindictive, and altogether foul-tempered. If you didn't serve the nasty fellow, the Romans would burn your house down. If you did serve him, you were called a Christian and got to burn other people's houses down.
Sue Monk Kidd, The Mermaid Chair|There's release in knowing the truth no matter how anguishing it is. You come finally to the irreducible thing, and there's nothing left to do but pick it up and hold it. Then, at last, you can enter the severe mercy of acceptance.
Reinhold Niebuhr|Democracies are indeed slow to make war, but once embarked upon a martial venture are equally slow to make peace and reluctant to make a tolerable, rather than a vindictive, peace. 
Boethius, The Consolation of Philosophy|He is in no real danger. He merely suffers from a lethargy, a sickness that is common among the depressed. He has forgotten who he really is, but he will recover, for he used to know me, and all I have to do is cloud the mist that beclouds his vision.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|I'll keep looking- till that watery reflection of mine in your eye, rolls down as a tear. I'll keep looking till we finally look away like our lives never met. Let's cheat destiny as if we never knew each other. Let's do this last thing together.
Deyth Banger|Infinity exist unfortnately what will happen if we accept it??After all numbers are taken what happens??We will start with Omega+1 Then Omega+Omega+1... Think on this, this is the infinitive road, I gave it to you but what you will do?
Jim DeFede, The Day the World Came to Town: 9/11 in Gander, Newfoundland|Neighbor to neighbor. It is a mentality that has been fostered over centuries, since the earliest settlers realized the only way to survive in this desolate but beautiful outpost was to work together. Much of their music captures this spirit.
Anthony Powell, A Dance to the Music of Time: 1st Movement|Speaking about time’s relentless passage, Powell’s narrator compares certain stages of experience to the game of Russian Billiards as once he used to play it with a long vanished girlfriend. A game in which, he says,  “...at the termination of a given passage of time...the hidden gate goes down...and all scoring is doubled. This is perhaps an image of how we live. For reasons not always at the time explicable, there are specific occasions when events begin suddenly to take on a significance previously unsuspected; so that before we really know where we are, life seems to have begun in earnest at last, and we ourselves, scarcely aware that any change has taken place, are careering uncontrollably down the slippery avenues of eternity."
Debasish Mridha|Kindness is not an option, it is an absolute necessity of life.
Ella Dominguez|There's nothing sexier than imaging myself as an Oxford comma getting unambiguously banged. Throw in a semicolon in between two closely related independent clauses, and a volcanic love of punctuation eruption is guaranteed.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Education is the spine of every nation! The better the education, the better the nation! The mediocre the education, the mediocre the nation! A good nation is good because of how education shapes the perspective and understanding of the populace to positively look beyond what they look and think beyond the ordinary thoughts for good and great exploits! A nation that does not know where it is heading towards must first ask the machine that produces the populace who drive the nation: education! Until we fix our education system, we shall always have a wrong education and we shall always see a wrong nation!
Pat Conroy|When you write by hand, you don't have the excessive freedom of a computer. When I write down something, I have to be serious about it. I have to ask myself, "Is this necessary at this point in the book?
Brigid Kemmerer, Letters to the Lost|I'm sorry I started all this by trying to fly and I'd take it back if I could but I can't, so please think of it from my point of view: if you die I will have a dead brother and it will be me instead of you who suffers.Justin thought of his brother on that warm summer day, standing up on the windowsill holding both their futures, light and changeable as air, in his outstretched arms.Of course, Justin thought, I'm part of his fate just as he's part of mine. I hadn't considered it from his point of view. Or from the point of view of the universe, either. It's just a playing field crammed full of cause and effect, billions of dominoes, each knocking over billions more, setting off trillions of actions every second. A butterfly flaps its wings in Africa and my brother in Luton thinks he can fly.The child nodded. A piano might fall on your head, he said, but it also might not. And in the meantime you never know. Something nice might happen.
Aristotle|You know, the Bible is so clear. Go to Genesis chapter nine and you will find the death penalty clearly stated in Genesis chapter nine... God ordains the death penalty!
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|Only Muggles talk of the ‘mind reading.’ The mind is not a book, to be opened at will and examined at leisure. Thoughts are not etched on the inside of skulls, to be perused by any invader. The mind is complex and many-layered thing, Potter… or at least, most minds are…
Octavia E. Butler, Kindred|Her husband’s suffering and dangers, and the danger of her child, all blended in her mind, with a confused and stunning sense of the risk she was running, in leaving the only home she had ever known, and cutting loose from the protection of a friend whom she loved and revered. Then there was the parting from every familiar object,—the place where she had grown up, the trees under which she had played, the groves where she had walked many an evening in happier days, by the side of her young husband,—everything, as it lay in the clear, frosty starlight, seemed to speak reproachfully to her, and ask her whither could she go from a home like that?
Ryszard Kapuściński, Another Day of Life|From all accounts, it seems the faithful opposition is reduced to Gideon's 300. The day has arrived for Christians to engage the battle...From now on, true Christians will engage the battle of ideas in academy. The time for giving up ground is over. Now we must fight. We must engage the [B]iblical worldview vigorously in the world of great literature. The greatests wars ever fought in history are not those fought by sword or artillery. The greatest battles are engaged in the realm of ideas
Lance Conrad, The Price of Nobility|The universe holds a destiny in store for people who will not build their own, but they seldom like it.
D.R. Silva, It's All About Jesus: What They Never Told You in Church|what would the masters do?when people arn’t successful, they sometimes wonder, why not? they get answers, then they wonder why those answers don’t seem to meet their needs. they get the wrong answers, and they get upset about it. perhaps they’re really getting the right answers, but answering the wrong questions.too many people ask nothing but “Why” questions.they analyze and analyse problems - but no solution. “you can analyse a glass of water and you’re left with a lot of chemical components, but nothing you can drink”.“Why?” questions can drive us crazy. “What?” questions drive us sane.What questions lead us to practical solutions.
Martin Adams, Land: A New Paradigm for a Thriving World|*THE COMMONS, which are creative - so unleash their potential*The commons are shareable resources of society or nature that people choose to use and govern through self-organising, instead of relying on the state or market for doing so. Think of how a village community might manage its only freshwater well and its nearby forest, or how Internet users worldwide collaboratively curate Wikipedia. Natural commons have traditionally emerged in communities seeking to steward Earth's 'common pool' resources, such as grazing land, fisheries, watersheds and forests. Cultural commons serve to keep alive a community's language, heritage and rituals, myths and music, traditional knowledge and practice. And the fast-growing digital commons are stewarded collaboratively online, co-creating open-source software, social networks, information and knowledge. ...In the 1970s, the little-known political scientist Elinor Ostrom started seeking out real-life examples of natural commons to find out what made them work - and she went on to win a Nobel-Memorial prize for what she discovered. Rather than being left 'open access', those successful commons were governed by clearly defined communities with collectively agreed rules and punitive sanctions for those who broke them...she realised, the commons can turn out to be a triumph, outperforming both state and market in sustainably stewarding and equitably harvesting Earth's resources... The triumph of the commons is certainly evident in the digital commons, which are fast turning into one of the most dynamic areas of the global economy.(p.82-3)
Jean-Paul Sartre|Once you hear the details of victory, it is hard to distinguish it from a defeat.
John Ferling, Jefferson and Hamilton: The Rivalry That Forged a Nation|For leaders, wars are filled with guesses.
Mick Bogerman, How to Navigate Zombie Cave and Defeat Pirate Pete|She wasn’t religious. She didn’t believe in heaven or hell, only in ghosts, Ouija boards, tables which rapped and little inept voices speaking plaintively of flowers
Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|If humor and rumor are needed more than faith and truth, then it tells me something about the kind of world we live today.
Marisha Pessl, Special Topics in Calamity Physics|Her youngest daughter shrugged. “Ain’t got no money, do we?” “I don’t understand. Why aren’t you pillaging like the rest of your kin?” “It was the Northlands, Da. Ain’t nothin’ to pillage but the crows in the trees.” “And snow,” their eldest added. “Lots and lots of snow.” Bram motioned to his study. “You know where I keep the gold coin.” As if on fire, their offspring made a desperate run for their father’s study, climbing over the table and fighting each other through the door. It wasn’t pretty.
Jiddu Krishnamurti, Book of Life, The: Daily Meditations with Krishnamurti|Israel's monomaniacal Spinoza worship is amusing and exasperating by turns. For a start, his insistence that Spinoza was the singular font of the Enlightenment leaves him without a story of the Enlightenment's intellectual or cultural origins. Every historian has to begin somewhere, but the fact that Israel begins with Spinoza, and then reduces most of what follows the philosopher to a footnote, leaves his account of the Enlightenment founded on something like immaculate conception.
Lois McMaster Bujold, Shards of Honour|We are afraid of what we will do to others, afraid of the rage that lies in wait somewhere deep in our souls. How many human beings go through the world frozen with rage against life! This deeply hidden inner anger may be the product of hurt pride or of real frustration in office, factory, clinic, or home. Whatever may be the cause of our frozen rage (which is the inevitable mother of depression), the great word of hope today is that this rage can be conquered and drained off into creative channels ……What should we do? We should all learn that a certain amount of aggressive energy is normal and certainly manageable in maturity. Most of us can drain off the excess of our angry feelings and destructive impulses in exercise, in competitive games, or in the vigorous battles against the evils of nature and society. We also must realize that no one will punish us for the legitimate expression of self-assertiveness and creative pugnacity as our parents once punished us for our undisciplined temper tantrums. Furthermore, let us remember that we need not totally repress the angry part of our nature. We can always give it an outlet in the safe realm of fantasy. A classic example of such fantasy is given by Max Beerborn, who made a practice of concocting imaginary letters to people he hated. Sometimes he went so far as to actually write the letters and in the very process of releasing his anger it evaporated. As mature men and women we should regard our minds as a true democracy where all kinds of ideas and emotions should be given freedom of speech. If in political life we are willing to grant civil liberties to all sorts of parties and programs, should we not be equally willing to grant civil liberties to our innermost thoughts and drives, confident that the more dangerous of them will be outvoted by the majority within our minds? Do I mean that we should hit out at our enemy whenever the mood strikes us? No, I repeat that I am suggesting quite the reverse—self-control in action based upon (positive coping mechanisms such as) self expression in fantasy.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Everything Is Illuminated|It's true, I am afraid of dying. I am afraid of the world moving forward without me, of my absence going unnoticed, or worse, being some natural force propelling life on. Is it selfish? Am I such a bad person for dreaming of a world that ends when I do? I don't mean the world ending with respect to me, but every set of eyes closing with mine.
Jamie Farrell, Matched|She ran her hands under his shirt, over his chest, her cooltouch igniting shivers over his skin. “Is this a ploy to get another song out of me?” she asked.“It’s a ploy to get you out of your pants.”“And what, exactly, are you planning on doing once you getme out of my pants?”Will felt his lips curving up again. “Darlin’, you leave thedetails to me.
Jack Campbell, The Dragons of Dorcastle|But all attractions are alike,' he said. 'They come from an emptiness inside.' He hammered on this chest with his index finger. 'Something's missing and you have to fill it. Books, paintings, people, they're all the same...''A lot of people do without books and paintings.''True,' he said, 'but that doesn't affect the argument.' Paris turned his head to one side and chewed on his lip. 'Of course, nothing ever does the trick. Nobody's really satisfied for long.
Jen Wilde|You’re not fine. You’re not. And that’s OK. The first thing I want you to do is to finally tell yourself that it’s OK not to be OK. To accept that you’re feeling badly and that something isn’t right. Too many of us are in denial because we think that to admit there’s something wrong means we’re weak or broken or odd. I don’t know if it’s society, or just who we associate with, but we need to change our way of thinking. We are not weak. We are not broken. We are not odd.
Robert Jensen, The Heart of Whiteness: Confronting Race, Racism, and White Privilege|White supremacy is a black person telling the people of Baltimore to chill out and try peace, thinking they came up with that thought all on their own.
Ursula K. Le Guin, Late in the Day: Poems 2010–2014|Right now, we need writers who know the difference between production of a market commodity and the practice of an art. Developing written material to suit sales strategies in order to maximize corporate profit and advertising revenue is not the same thing as responsible book publishing or authorship.
Mamur Mustapha|It is difficult to stop people from thinking on their own and exceedingly so, to get them to think on their own.
Mike Birbiglia|When you really study espionage movies, or spy movies, the beginnings are really set up to have, like, an amazing bit of action, but at the moment you're watching it, you have no idea why or what it's about.
Hilary Duff, Devoted|Has this version of me been lurking there all along, somewhere deep below the surface, biding its time, waiting for its chance to make an appearance?
Sarah Dessen|Look,” he said, “the point is there’s no way to be a hundred percent sure about anyone or anything. So you’re left with a choice. Either hope for the best, or just expect the worst.”If you expect the worst, you’re never disappointed,” I pointed out.Yeah, but who lives like that?
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|There are so many ways to be brave in this world. Sometimes bravery involves laying down your life for something bigger than yourself, or for someone else. Sometimes it involves giving up everything you have ever known, or everyone you have ever loved, for the sake of something greater.But sometimes it doesn't.Sometimes it is nothing more than gritting your teeth through pain, and the work of every day, the slow walk toward a better life. That is the sort of bravery I must have now.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, The Courtship of Miles Standish|Yes, we must ever be friends; and of all who offer you friendship let me be ever the first, the truest, the nearest and dearest!
Debasish Mridha|Every thought I have, everything I dois an expression of love to uplift you.
Cristin Harber, Winters Heat|In the span of one night, Jenny had gone from being someone he refused to touch to the woman he refused to stay away from.
Jodie Foster|I love a girl with a sense of humor. Someone who can make me laugh and that I can get along with and talk with and who is just sweet overall, inside and out.
John Cena|At my age, I'm not trying to score cool points. I'm just excited when I can speak to younger members of our audience in the WWE. I just get to be a superhero to kids, but I'm not trying to be on the cutting edge of style or anything like that. Once you reach that point of deprivation, you don't mind it.
Ash Gray, Qorth|I was sitting on the couch in the living room, pouring through an old sci-fi novel I’d found in one of the ruins, and I could hear the water bubbling as he cooked. The spaghetti smelled good, but I knew he’d probably put something crazy in it like popcorn or marshmallows, so I ignored my rumbling belly.
William Shakespeare|It doesn't matter where you come from, what you have or don't have, what you lack, or what you have too much of. But all you need to have is faith in God, an undying passion for what you do and what you choose to do in this life, and a relentless drive and the will to do whatever it takes to be successful in whatever you put your mind to.
Gerhard O. Forde, On Being a Theologian of the Cross: Reflections on Luther's Heidelberg Disputation, 1518|This much is certain, that we have no theological right to set any sort of limits to the loving-kindness of God which has appeared in Jesus Christ. Our theological duty is to see and understand it as being still greater than we had seen before.
Anna Mitchael, michelle sassa|The truth may hurt, but fooling yourself will enslave you.
Palaniappan Chidambaram|Politics is too partisan, and sometimes patriotism is cast aside. Patriotism is honor and love of your country and your brothers and sisters. With politics I get the impression that it's all about what's good for the party and not necessarily what's good for the country.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|A woman who focuses on worshiping God will consider carefully how she is dressed, because her heart will dictate her wardrobe and appearance.
Maddy|A dream can be remarkable and alluring, that is why I chase it hoping that one day something good would happen!
Doutor Luis Alexandre Ribeiro Branco, Aphorisms of a Restless Soul|Every pain is repeated in other places and other lives, every joy is repeated in other places and other lives.
Henry Rollins|Yeah, that’s my experience. Humbling to the point where you have major regrets about some of the stupid things you said, some of the things you thought were right. You keep going to these countries, and it’s like, you forgot the lesson from the last time. Because the first person you encounter kind of bitch-slaps you upside the head in the most wonderful, innocent way and you realize, God, I’m still an asshole. And this guy, by doing nothing except being broke and so incredibly polite—it takes you aback, you realize, I’m still not there yet. I still have like eight miles to go before I can even get into the parking lot of humility. I have to keep going back. It’s like going back to a chiropractor to get a readjustment. That’s me in Africa, that’s me in Southeast Asia. You come back humbled and you bring that into your life. It’s made me much more tolerant of other peoples—and I’m not saying I used to be a misogynist, or I used to be a racist, that was never my problem. But I can be extremely headstrong, impatient, rude. Like, “Hurry up, man. What’s your problem? Get out of my way.” That sentiment comes easy to me. Going to these countries, you realize none of that is necessary, none of it’s cool, it’s nothing Abraham Lincoln would do, and so why are you doing it? Those are the lessons I’ve learned.
David Graeber, Debt: The First 5,000 Years|This is a great trap of the twentieth century: on one side is the logic of the market, where we like to imagine we all start out as individuals who don't owe each other anything. On the other is the logic of the state, where we all begin with a debt we can never truly pay. We are constantly told that they are opposites, and that between them they contain the only real human possibilities. But it's a false dichotomy. States created markets. Markets require states. Neither could continue without the other, at least, in anything like the forms we would rec­ognize today.
Neil Gaiman, Norse Mythology|If the Gospels were mythical themselves, they could not provide the knowledge that demythologizes mythology.
Derek Landy, Last Stand of Dead Men|You're not used to early mornings, are you?"He shook his head. "Early mornings were invented by the system to keep the people occupied. But not me. I'm on to them. They're not gonna catch me napping. Metaphorically, like. Obviously, they can catch me physically napping like, four or five times a day, but, metaphorically, I am so far beyond their reach.
Kaylea Cross, Danger Close|Oh my God. It is your nookie box. How many times have you had sex on that blanket?”“Never, you sicko. I make them stand.” “Asshole.
Norman Vincent Peale|The spirit of Christmas is the spirit of love and of generosity and of goodness. It illuminates the picture window of the soul, and we look out upon the world's busy life and become more interested in people than in things.
Jeffrey McDaniel|I had told him I was searching for my keys, that's what had taken me so long in the car, and I squeezed him tighter, as if I could crush my little lie.
Philip Pullman|It was a shocking thing to say and I knew it was a shocking thing to say. But no one has the right to live without being shocked. No one has the right to spend their life without being offended. Nobody has to read this book. Nobody has to pick it up. Nobody has to open it. And if you open it and read it, you don't have to like it. And if you read it and you dislike it, you don't have to remain silent about it. You can write to me, you can complain about it, you can write to the publisher, you can write to the papers, you can write your own book. You can do all those things, but there your rights stop. No one has the right to stop me writing this book. No one has the right to stop it being published, or sold, or bought, or read.
Debasish Mridha|To create peace, be a soldier of peace with a pen not a soldier of war with a gun.
Grandaddy BAD|The terror, which would not end for another twenty-eight years–if it ever did end–began, so far as I know or can tell, with a boat made from a sheet of newspaper floating down a gutter swollen with rain.
Dada Bhagwan|That for which, you are deserving; will come before you effortlessly. Your purity is required. What is required for your purity? [The intent of] ‘May no living being in this world be hurt by me’. If anyone hurts you, it happens as per the law [nature’s law].
Ovid|We hear the stories every day now: the father who puts on a suit every morning and leaves the house so his daughter doesn't know he lost his job, the recent college grad facing up to the painful reality that the only door that's open to her after four years of study and a pile of debt is her parents'. These are the faces of the Obama economy.
David Novak|If you're giving love and not receiving it, you're not in the right relationship. If you're receiving it and not giving it than you are taking advantage of the other person.
Giuseppe Bianco|Reality is the place we need to live, but our imaginations harbor the greatest places to visit!
Pope Francis, The Church of Mercy|Sometimes I cannot say much about why I go to church other than what people who go to the gym say: I always feel better once I'm there; I feel better after; it is always good for me, not good in a take-your-vitamins way, in a chidingly moralistic way, but in a palpable way.
Hugh Howey, Second Shift: Order|I want to make love to you, Rhone. I want to fill your ass with my penis and fuck you until you love it just as much as I do. I want to suck your dick and eat your balls until your cum coats my tongue and throat. I want you to do the same to me. I want to come inside you, in your mouth, in your ass, on your chest, marking you as mine in a way you can feel even when I’m not by your side. That’s what I want. It’s what I’ve wanted ever since you told me I could have a different, better life and then took the time to care and to show me how to care about myself. I want everything you can give, and I want to offer you everything that I am.
Hunter S. Thompson, Kingdom of Fear: Loathsome Secrets of a Star-Crossed Child in the Final Days of the American Century|I am a confused Musician who got sidetracked into this goddamn Word business for so long that I never got back to music - except maybe when I find myself oddly alone in a quiet room with only a typewriter to strum on and a yen to write a song. Who knows why? Maybe I just feel like singing - so I type.These quick electric keys are my Instrument, my harp, my RCA glass-tube microphone, and my fine soprano saxophone all at once. That is my music, for good or ill, and on some nights it will make me feel like a god. Veni, Vidi, Vici... That is when the fun starts...
William Elias|Hidden in a toolbox, in the rafters of his four-car garage, was an envelope full of pictures taken by a private detective...They were pictures of a scrawny, boyish looking nine year old with a wide mouth and a tangle of brown hair...Her eyes were oblong and deep set, their color hidden from the camera by the slant of the sun. The angles and planes of her face were oddly beautiful just then, in that moment, frozen on Kodak paper. A hint of the woman she would someday become.
Erich Neumann, The Fear of the Feminine and Other Essays on Feminine Psychology|Woman's fear of the female Self, of the experience of the numinous archetypal Feminine, becomes comprehensible when we get a glimpse - or even only a hint – of the profound otherness of female selfhood as contrasted to male selfhood. Precisely that element which, in his fear of the Feminine, the male experiences as the hole, abyss, void, and nothingness turns into something positive for the woman without, however, losing these same characteristics. Here the archetypal Feminine is experienced not as illusion and as maya but rather as unfathomable reality and as life in which above and below, spiritual and physical, are not pitted against each other; reality as eternity is creative and, at the same time, is grounded in primeval nothingness. Hence as daughter the woman experiences herself as belonging to the female spiritual figure Sophia, the highest wisdom, while at the same time she is actualizing her connection with the musty, sultry, bloody depths of swamp-mother Earth. However, in this sort of Self-discovery woman necessarily comes to see herself as different from what presents itself to men -as, for example, spirit and father, but often also as the patriarchal godhead and his ethics. The basic phenomenon - that the human being is born of woman and reared by her during the crucial developmental phases - is expressed in woman as a sense of connectedness with all living things, a sense not yet sufficiently realized, and one that men, and especially the patriarchal male, absolutely lack to the extent women have it.To experience herself as so fundamentally different from the dominant patriarchal values understandably fills the woman with fear until she arrives at that point in her own development where, through experience and love that binds the opposites, she can clearly see the totality of humanity as a unity of masculine and feminine aspects of the Self.
Jane Hersey, Full Circle|Marginalised and abused children are often overlooked even today, and risk becoming marginalised and abused adults who may never receive acknowledgment or respect for the immense physical and emotional burden they carry from childhood or indeed have their full potential realised.
Christina Engela, Dead Beckoning|At forty two years, Sona Kilroy stood tall and strapping, a powerful figure. Rising to the rank of Admiral in the Corsair fleet was no easy feat. It took intelligence, talent, determination, resilience, creative thinking, brute force, and sheer cunning to achieve – and perhaps also a large slice of luck.
Carrie Ann Ryan, Love Restored|It's how we work," his brother said simply. "I plan. Jake refines. Owen organizes. And you growl and grunt.
Anthony Horowitz, Russian Roulette: The Story of an Assassin|All that sadness. All that anger. It is the smoke that gets into your eyes. If you do not blow it away, how can you hope to see?
Kirsten Dunst|I want to make pop cool again, and the only way I can do that is by being ambitious and grand.
Sasha Martin, Life from Scratch: A Memoir of Food, Family, and Forgiveness|Everything depends on the moment the spice hits the pan: whether it sizzles with mouthwatering fragrance or turns to ash. Once, I thought happiness was the sizzle in the pan. But it’s not. Happiness is the spice – that fragile speck, beholden to the heat, always and forever tempered by our environment.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|Many scientific disciplines begin by not observing any sort of vital spark or consciousness in material events and proceed to deny that these things exist in living things, including themselves. Because consciousness does not fit into their mechanistic schemes they declare it illusory. Magicians make exactly the reverse argument. Observing consciousness in themselves and animals, they are magnanimous enough to extend it to all things to some degree—trees, amulets, planetary bodies, and all. This is a far more respectful and generous attitude than that of religions, most of whom won't even give animals a soul.
Abhijit Naskar, Principia Humanitas|Once you die, that’s it – game over. Death is the ultimate cessation of the individual Self.
Phoenix Z Courtney|If you get all tangled up, just tango on.
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|Hey! When he dug into it, rifling through her things, she snapped, "Go Yoda someone else's supplies, asshole.
George J. Mitchell|Intelligence, if it is clever in the direction of the better, is responsible for the greatest benefits of all.
Tyler Perry|Humanity is never so beautiful as when praying for forgiveness, or else forgiving another.
Blake Lively|I'm a video game fan, and I always thought it would be cool to be able to control a character.
Arthur Golden, Memoirs of a Geisha|Either you take a path, RIGHT or LEFT, and if it was a mistake, turn back and take the other path, because your are the one who can change it.
Michael Monroe, Afterlife|It was one of those dreams from which she woke up depressed about her reality, filled with a longing that pulled at her insides, wishing the dream could have lasted forever, or at least much longer than it had.
Norman Reedus|As far as friendships go, things change even without the fame. People start moving on. I have a few friends that are married and are starting to have kids and I'm like, 'Oh my goodness gracious - that's so insane.' I also have friends who are just doing their own thing, which is cool.
Awdhesh Singh, Good and Evil: Two Sides of the Same Coin|As per the Indian philosophy of the Upanishads, the source of evil is one’s ego-sense –Ahankara—which differentiates oneself from the other selves. A person, who visualizes himself independent of others, tries to guard or please himself at the cost of others. Evil is thus the tendency of a person to live a life that is not ‘in harmony’ with the rest of the world, but ‘in opposition’ to it or at best ‘in indifference’ to it. The good is to discover the unity in the diversity of ‘all selves’ and beings. Once unity in diversity is realized, every being becomes our own self and good deeds follow automatically
Marianne Williamson, A Return to Love: Reflections on the Principles of "A Course in Miracles"|When we practice self-compassion in our lives, we are compelled to be more understanding and accepting toward ourselves.
Jonathan  Mills, Love, Covenant & Meaning|So when a 'heterosexual' man learns to appreciate the noble woman of Proverbs 31, regardless of her looks, he is transcending his sexuality, not EXPRESSING it. Jacob labored fourteen years for Rachel 'beautiful in form and beautiful of face.' But Leah of the 'tender eyes' (Gen. 29:17) proved a much better and nobler wife. Perhaps a 'homosexual' man - a man whose venereal desires are focused more on men than on women - would not have been distracted by Rachel's looks and could have seen Leah's goodness and nobility from the beginning, as Jacob did not (29:30f). Biblically, the dwindling of such desire is not grounds for divorce (Mal. 2:14-16).
Virginia Woolf|Women who love women are Lesbians. Men, because they can only think of women in sexual terms, define Lesbian as sex between women.
Anthony T. Hincks|When God sprinkled stars in the heavens, he opened our eyes to the wonders of the universe.
Zoe Archer, Warrior|Men," she said rueful, "are the most absurd creatures on this green earth." "But there are camels," Gabriel pointed out. "Believe me," she answered. "I've taken camels into consideration.
Oliver Goldsmith|I did rebel. I was the rebel in my family, because my dad wanted me to go and just travel with him.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|When worry is present, trust cannot crowd its way in.
Will Adolphy|If you don't know when your good, how can you know when your bad?
Jonathan Taylor Thomas|We had been to a couple really awkward office Christmas parties, including one at our production company. It's just a really interesting place, an event that hadn't really been captured.
William Shakespeare, Hamlet|There is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so.
Nikhil Karke|And it is a profound consolation, perhaps the only one, to this haunted animal that wastes most of a long and ghostly life wandering the future and the past on its hind legs, looking for meanings, only to see in the eyes of others of its kind that it must die.
Clive Barker|I think that God that we have created and allowed to shape our culture through, essentially Christian theology is a pretty villainous creature. I think that one of the things that male patriarchal figure has done is, allowed under it's, his church, his wing, all kinds of corruptions and villainies to grow and fester. In the name of that God terrible wars have been waged, in the name of that God terrible sexism has been allowed to spread. There are children being born all across this world that don't have enough food to eat because that God, at least his church, tells the mothers and fathers that they must procreate at all costs, and to prevent procreation with a condom is in contravention with his laws. Now, I don't believe that God exists. I think that God is creation of men, by men, and for men. What has happened over the many centuries now, the better part of two thousand in fact, is that that God has been slowly and steadily accruing power. His church has been accruing power, and the men who run that church, and they are all men, are not about to give it up. If they give it up, they give up luxury, they give up comfort.
Jamie Farrell, Matched|I want to feel you up like we're sixteen in the backseat of a car. On the outside of your clothes," he said just above a whisper. "Touch you all over, then slide my hands up under your shirt.
Shannon L. Alder|To love you fully is to love you in every way possible, even in the smallest, most inconspicuous ways that will eventually all lead back to you.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If you have life, you have everything.
Nydia Velazquez|I don't think any business has to give up legal protections in order to simplify. The main consideration is that whatever protection, rights and remedies a corporation wants, they should be put in terms that are understandable to the consumer.
John McMurtry|It [economics] is the study of how people, companies, and societies allocate scarce resources. Which happens to be the same puzzle you and your spouse are perpetually trying to solve: how to spend your limited time, energy, money and libido in ways that keep you smiling and your marriage thriving.
Alistair Cross|I think horror, when done well, is one of the most direct and honest ways to get to the core of the human experience because terror reduces all of us to our most authentic forms.
C. JoyBell C.|I think that a lot of the time, people are generous towards those whom they pity; but only find fault in those whom they see as better than themselves. There is a fake kind of goodness; and that is the goodness that is only good towards other people that make the givers feel better about themselves. Would you be good to someone you think is so much better than you are? Or who has so much more than you have? Or is your goodness only reserved for those who make you feel like a god because you give to them? Too often, there are shining, beautiful people, who suffer so much in this world, because there would be so many others willing to snuff out their flames! Goodness of a person is not measured by sympathy or compassion; rather, goodness is measured by empathy. Empathy goes beyond all the physical things you see with your two eyes. It’s easy to be good to those you pity; much harder to be good to those whom you envy!
Laura Anderson Kurk, Perfect Glass|Look at this one.” I picked up a small painting of a man with dark hair and a short, dark beard. He wore a loose shirt, cobalt blue, unbuttoned at the top, showing a prominent, knobby collarbone. He looked…complicated and hungry. She’d captured him focused intensely on a book, his face pressed against a wall like he was resting. Or waiting.
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|A boy was regarded King to be, in a land only a child could see. We admit it could be a difficult task, just in case you are inclined to ask, for those who would even vaguely begin, to remember the child that comes from within, of a modern world still hardened by past and rules that can make you grow up fast. Yet into the imagination, we hope you escape, from beliefs that your life may potentially shape; try to let go of what you normally resist, while exploring the way nature and a boy co-exist.” See the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure
Mira Grant, Countdown|Everyone is born a freak," notes Hayley. "Every newborn baby, wet and hungry and screaming, is a fresh-hatched freak who wants to have a good time and make the world a better place. . . . Most teenagers wind up in high school. And high school is where the zombification process becomes deadly.
Diana Rose Morcilla|D.D.R.C.T. which stands for "Dreams Do Really Come True". Yes, I'm a firm believer about that. I can even stand in a crowd and be an ambassador of Dreams Do Come True Club.
John McPhee|A freelance writer is paid per word, per piece, perhaps.
Francis of Assisi|If you have men who will exclude any of God's creatures from the shelter of compassion and pity, you will have men who will deal likewise with their fellow men.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|The flow of knowledge towards the mind should be moderated by the faculties of the mind itself, based on the acceptability of nothing but the mind.
Daryl Gregory, Raising Stony Mayhall|He's barely said anything and I already know this guy is gross,' she told the girls. 'If the zombies come at us, we feed them him first.
Aamir Sarfraz (aamir rajput khan)|If you spelled George Morgan wrong on Google it didn't say, "Did you mean George Morgan?" It simply replied, "Run while you still have the chance.
Gugu Mona|Every new breath and day is on opportunity to do something,a gift of life to make a difference in the world.
Ella Wheeler Wilcox|Laugh, and the world laughs with you;Weep, and you weep alone;For the sad old earth must borrow its mirth,But has trouble enough of its own.Sing, and the hills will answer;Sigh, it is lost on the air;The echoes bound to a joyful sound,But shrink from voicing care.Rejoice, and men will seek you;Grieve, and they turn and go;They want full measure of all your pleasure,But they do not need your woe.Be glad, and your friends are many;Be sad, and you lose them all,—There are none to decline your nectared wine,But alone you must drink life’s gall.Feast, and your halls are crowded;Fast, and the world goes by.Succeed and give, and it helps you live,But no man can help you die.There is room in the halls of pleasureFor a large and lordly train,But one by one we must all file onThrough the narrow aisles of pain. 
Birdman|From deep in the slave hut is somebody calling over 150 years to all of our experiences and all of our ideas on human respect, and all of our ideas on dignity. And I felt like that's just incredibly powerful.
John Steinbeck, Travels with Charley: In Search of America|The number of Canadians providing or expecting to provide eldercare in need is already a staggering statistic. Baby boomers are aging and this figure is likely to grow substantially.The Caregiver's Guide for Canadians will provide you with valuable advice to help you provide good eldercare while balancing all the demands on your time. It provides practical, realistic guidance; encouragement and insights to help you care for elders in need.
Hiro Mashima|As she sustained wound after wound...the fairy should have fallen, but instead, she danced. This was Titania, the Fairy Queen.
P.G. Wodehouse, Jeeves and the Unbidden Guest|I'm not absolutely certain of the facts, but I rather fancy it's Shakespeare who says that it's always just when a fellow is feeling particularly braced with things in general that Fate sneaks up behind him with the bit of lead piping.
Lisa Kleypas, Devil in Winter|It’s impossible,” he snapped. “Why?” “Because I’m Sebastian, Lord St. Vincent. I can’t be celibate. Everyone knows that.
Michael Frost, Exiles: Living Missionally in a Post-Christian Culture|The Christian experience is not primarily formed by our liturgy, doctrine, or ecclesiology, as important as those might be. We are formed by the dangerous stories of our great hero.
Hunter S. Thompson|I've always liked speed. I own a car that I shouldn't be talking about because I'm an environmentalist, but the 1955 Porsche Spyder 550 RS is the finest sports car ever made.
Debasish Mridha M.D.|We can’t undo an action, but we can redo or change our perception.
Ayn Rand, Anthem|Thus, Marlowe posed the silent question: could aspiring Icarus be happy with a toilsome life on land managing a plough with plodding oxen having once tasted the weightless bliss of flight?
Archana Chaurasia Kapoor|We are the sum of our actions, and of our inactions, yes, that is easy enough to understand. What comes harder is finding ourselves the sum of our emotions, which flicker, altered by experience, by the things we cannot bear to tell ourselves, by the trouble we accrue, the flattening and tamping down as we learn how not to be hurt. As we learn protection and the easiest means of protection.
Michelle Orange|Victor spread his hands and beamed. “There’s a truckload of supplies sitting on a dock in Madera. We got food, medicine, and machines ready to roll. All we need is a pigheaded truck driver with giant cojones and no brains to ram the stuff past the blockade and save the day.” The pilot leaned back and put his hands behind his head. “Naturally, I thought of Abel Yeager.
Linda Sanchez|Imperfect though it may be, the Beijing Platform for Action is the strongest statement of consensus on women's equality, empowerment and justice ever produced by governments.
Georgi Petrovich Vins-A Russian Baptist pastor|Sometimes you can't fight. Sometimes, some things, you have to outlast.
DaShanne Stokes|Nobody can give you freedom, nobody can give you equality or justice. If you are a man, you take it.
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|He handed the dust pan and brush over. I knew they wouldn’t be much use in cleaning the floor. I also knew the real reason he had given them to me: so he could look furtively at me, as I bent over.That idea turned me on. I welcomed it, and decided to give him a good look at what he wanted.
Matshona Dhliwayo|It was not the privileged and the fortunate who took in the Jews in France. It was the marginal and damaged, which should remind us that there are real limits to what evil and misfortune can accomplish. If you take away the gift of reading, you create the gift of listening. If you bomb a city, you leave behind death and destruction. But you create a community of remote misses. If you take away a mother or a father, you cause suffering and despair. But one time in ten, out of that despair rises as indomitable force. You see the giant and the shepherd in the Valley of Elah and your eye is drawn to the man with sword and shield and the glittering armor. But so much of what is beautiful and valuable in the world comes from the shepherd, who has more strength and purpose than we ever imagine.
Zal|Choose who to cheer for you, not chase who is cheering for you!
Zack Love, Stories and Scripts: an Anthology|And just as I'm about to lay on the Yi-Wang-Smooth, I see Lay #1 and Lay #3 show up to our table and take the two empty seats nearby. From: "My Worst Valentine's Day.Ever: a Short Story
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to The Kingdom of Conscience|A child who goes to school and shares his or her lunch with the classmates, is a billion times greater and more religious than all the book-learned priests, imams, rabbis and pundits in the world combined.
Brandon Sanderson, The Way of Kings|I want you to go back into the barrack and tell the men to come out after the storm. Tell them to look up at me tied here. Tell them I’ll open my eyes and look back at them, and they’ll know hat I survived.
Henry Clay|Kings may be judges of the earth, but wise men are the judges of kings.
George Orwell, The Road to Wigan Pier|But unfortunately you get no further by merely wishing class-distinctionsaway. More exactly, it is necessary to wish them away, but your wish has noefficacy unless you grasp what it involves. The fact that has got to be faced isthat to abolish class-distinctions means abolishing a part of yourself. Here amI, a typical member of the middle class. It is easy for me to say that I want toget rid of class-distinctions, but nearly everything I think and do is a result ofclass-distinctions. All my notions –notions of good and evil, of pleasant and unpleasant,of funny and serious, of ugly and beautiful–are essentially middle-classnotions; my taste in books and food and clothes, my sense of honour, my tablemanners, my turns of speech, my accent, even the characteristic movements ofmy body, are the products of a special kind of upbringing and a special nicheabout half-way up the social hierarchy.
Lorin Stein|If I could change the attitude of young men toward literature, I would want them to read not just for escape, but because literature can be more truthful about things like sex, commitment, and aging. It can be more truthful about the stuff that our parents lied to us (and themselves) about, and the stuff that everyone has to lie about. It can all be dealt with truthfully in fiction and poetry.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Silmarillion|But of bliss and glad life there is little to be said, before it ends; as works fair and wonderful, while they still endure for eyes to see, are ever their own record, and only when they are in peril or broken for ever do they pass into song.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic|While eschewing emotion - and its companion, vulnerability - Obama should be careful not to sacrifice empathy, the 'I feel your pain' connection that sustained Clinton. This connection is the shorthand people use to measure their leaders' intentions. If people believe you're on their side, they will trust your decisions.
Michael Grant|Why should he be spared?''Someone ought to be.' And it will not be me. I have survived, but I have not been spared.
Peter Cimino, The Four Corners, a Sicilian Story|What you did was not only very kind, but brave and honorable.
Amie Kaufman, These Broken Stars|Finally, I laugh. Genuine and normal sounding. And then my date says the best thing that he couldpossibly say: “It’s okay. I haven’t been on one of these [dates] in a while either.”My smile triples in size.Josh grins. “Just give me your hand.”“W–what?”“Your hand,” he repeats. “Give it to me.”I extend my shaking right hand. And – in a moment that is a hundred dreams come true – JoshuaWasserstein laces his fingers through mine. A staggering shock of energy shoots straight into myveins. Straight into my heart.“There,” he says. “I’ve been waiting a long time to do that.
Henry James, The Jolly Corner|A blind man sees with his cane, like all the rest of us.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Thorns and Roses|Lucien studied the wine in his goblet. "You don’t hold on to power by being everyone’s friend. And among the faeries, lesser and High Fae alike, a firm hand is needed. We’re too powerful, and too bored with immortality, to be checked by anything else.
Jacqueline Bisset|Think back to yourself at age 18. I know I was mighty different than the Patti I am today. As we grow up, we grow out of our haircuts, our apartments and - often times - our romantic decisions.
Margaret Irwin, Elizabeth and the Prince of Spain|The bands were everywhere, close and faraway, a blend of discordant noise. He passed close to one now, a half-dozen drummers pounding away, a sergeant leading them in a rhythm that was no rhythm at all, and behind, men with fifes, squealing out something that had no resemblance to a song.
Deyth Banger|Now our father lived in a world where we didn’t belong, with a needy girlfriend who didn’t look much older than Henri, a saltwater pool in need of daily skimming, and a flashy Porsche that needed to be raced around the roads of wine country.Fortunately, we didn’t need him either—that’s what Henri said.
Lois Lowry|I mean, aren’t we all tormented by past relationships?
Gloria Tesch|The secret to a happy life is your attitude. If you think positively, positive things will happen. If you think negatively... well where is the happiness?
Peter Kreeft, Prayer for Beginners|One moment of prayer, of weak worship, confused contrition, tepid thanksgiving, or pitiful petition will bring us closer to God than all the books of theology in the world.
Wilfred James Dolor|Just because someone has been in your life for many years, doesn’t mean there shouldn’t be a point at which you finally decide to let go.
Suresh Menon - The Best of Indian Sports Writing|Tendulkar's genius is of an order that the average player cannot comprehend. Dravid's greatness is not just comprehensible, it is reassuring
Melissa de la Cruz, Misguided Angel|It's not about changing--it's about growing, together," he said, like the wise soul that he was. "I wanted to let you know--that I am with you. Always. Forever. We don't have to be separated by the sun, school, or even the night. Now I'm just a click away." ~Alexander
Bhumibol Adulyadej|Unlike a drop of water which loses its identity when it joins the ocean, man does not lose his being in the society in which he lives. Man's life is independent. He is born not for the development of the society alone, but for the development of his self.
Rémy de Gourmont, Philosophic Nights in Paris,: Being Selections from Promenades Philosophiques|Perspective is an incredibly powerful tool. It tempers how we receive information, and guides what we choose do with it.
John McGahern, That They May Face The Rising Sun|...with a rush of feeling he felt that this must be happiness. As soon as the thought came to him, he fought it back, blaming the whiskey. The very idea was as dangerous as presumptive speech: happiness could not be sought or worried into being, or even fully grasped; it should be allowed its own slow pace so that it passes unnoticed, if it ever comes at all.
Chris Heimerdinger, Gadiantons and the Silver Sword|The Lord commands us to learn and discover all we can in this life. There's nothing wrong with wanting to know the mysteries of outer space or the latent powers of the mind. The problem comes when we desire to use that knowledge for our own gratification, rather than to build the kingdom of God.
Kim Cormack, Sweet Sleep|She could just kill them. If she did they would be healed again in moments ☥ She'd better let sleeping demons lie. "Enlightenment." Coming soon
Karl R. Popper, The Open Society and Its Enemies|What we need and what we want is to moralize politics, not to politicize morals.
Georg Ernst Stahl|i want to love you with simple,like a bare singular matchstick.onestroketo ignitewith no words spokenby the heated flames of the timber of crimsoned scarlet fire.as it crackleswith closeseparationentangled with the intimacy of firefly asheschoosing to enchantingly dance around in abundantjoy.hazily whistling into the glorified heavensmaking the ebony soot dissolve into the cool crisp air.yearning to be the explosion whoburnsthrough your bonesas you visualize red ecstasy of aprovoked kindle.
Joseph Kesselring, Arsenic and Old Lace|Addy, living one day without you would never be for the best. I want you every minute of every day. Forever. I love you.
Anthony Trollope, Can You Forgive Her?|I do not know that Lady Glencora's heart was made of that stern stuff which refuses to change its impressions; but it was a heart, and it required food. To love and fondle someone, - to be loved and fondled, were absolutely necessary to her happiness. She wanted the little daily assurance of her supremacy in the man's feelings, the constant touch of love, half accidental half contrived, the passing glance of the eye telling perhaps of some little joke understood only between them two rather than of love, the softness of an occasional kiss given here and there when chance might bring them together, some half-pretended interest in her little doings, a nod, a wink, a shake of the head, or even a pout.
Ernest Hemingway|I've seen you, beauty, and you belong to me now, whoever you are waiting for and if I never see you again, I thought. You belong to me and all Paris belongs to me and I belong to this notebook and this pencil.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|Go Ahead, call me all the names you want," Sansa said airily. "You won't dare when I'm married to Joffrey. You'll have to bow and call me Your Grace." She shrieked as Arya flung the orange across the table. It caught her in the middle of the forehead with a wet squish and plopped down into her lap."You have juice on your face, Your Grace ," Arya said.
Alice Hoffman, Local Girls|...he had a way of taking your hand which made it clear he'd have to be the one to let go."From Alice Hoffman's "Local Girls", pg.102.
Philip Reeve, A Darkling Plain|If God could do things like that, the world wouldn’t look the way it does. He can’t reach down and change things. He can’t stop any of us doing what we choose to do.'“What use is he then?”Oenone shrugged. 'He sees. He understands. He knows how you’re feeling. He knows how Theo felt. He knows how it feels to die. And when we die, we go to him.''To the Sunless Country, you mean? Like ghosts?”'Oenone shook her head patiently. 'Like children. Do you remember what it was like to be a tiny child? When everything was possible and everything was given to you, and you knew that you were safe and loved, and the days went on forever? When we die, it will be like that again. That’s how it is for Theo now, in heaven.
Buddha|No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world.
Meister Eckhart|Whoever possesses God in their being has Him in a divine manner, and He shines out to them in all things; for them all things taste of God and in all things it is God's image that they see.
Paul Majkut|I’m conscious of race whenever I’m writing, just as I’m conscious of class, religion, human psychology, politics — everything that makes up the human experience. I don’t think I can do a good job if I’m not paying attention to what’s meaningful to people, and in American culture, there isn’t anything that informs human interaction more than the idea of race.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|When everyone does what is right in his own eyes, there is no possibility of order and peace.
Louis-Ferdinand Céline, Journey to the End of the Night|It is of men, and of them only, that one should always be frightened.
Molly Friedenfeld, The Book of Simple Human Truths|The more adept we become at feeling love and gratitude for all life’s earthly learning experiences, the more quickly we are reminded that, whatever hardship may be placed before us, it is our choice always to return to a place of love and gratitude and to give thanks for all that still remains.
David Niose, Fighting Back the Right: Reclaiming America from the Attack on Reason|I think Liberals may tend to be more people oriented, whereas Conservatives are more task oriented. It makes Liberals look softheaded to Conservatives and Conservatives hardhearted to Liberals. I'm a Libertarian for the most part. I guess we're just assholes. Practical, critical thinking assholes who ask evil selfish questions like Why are we being punished for something someone else did or might possibly do?, Who is supposed to pay for this? and What about my children and their future?
Mark Galli, Beyond Smells and Bells: The Wonder and Power of Christian Liturgy|Before I was ordained, when I was working for the council, I thought of the first three months of the year as January, February, March. Now I think of them as Epiphany, Candlemas and Ash Wednesday.
Ray Bradbury|I'm not that good looking... nobody is that good looking. I have seen a lot of movie stars, and maybe four are amazing looking. The rest have a team of gay guys who make it happen.
Douglas Adams, Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency|Those who know, do. Those that understand, teach.
Harriet Evans, Happily Ever After|These were the kids who would take LSD for recreational purposes, who relied upon tape recorders to supply the weird studio effects their music required and who could repeat the cosmic wisdom of the Space Brothers as if it were the Pledge of Allegiance. Brought up on space heroes and super beings, as revealed to them in comic books and TV shows, the whole galaxy was their birthright, just as Mad magazine and cheap B-movies had shown them hows stupid and flimsy a construct daily life could be. To the subtle dismay of their parents, this was a generation capable of thinking the unthinkable as a matter of course. That their grand cosmological adventure should come to an end just as Neil Armstrong succeeded in bringing Suburbia to the Moon is another story and it will have to wait for another time.
Fred Hoyle|Whatever wisdom I have has been hard-earned – each meaning carefully culled out of the dictionary of human experiences and emotions and put in its precise place in the matrix. Meaning doesn’t come easy. The Great Crossword Setter in the Sky is capricious and wilful, demanding absolute obedience. You can waste the better part of a lifetime arguing about the randomness of the clues, the setting of the squares, why a certain square is black and not white as you need it to be, question the whole point of doing the crossword – what, after all, is to be gained by solving it. Only after all the chattering is over and you give your complete attention to it, does the perfection of the pattern reveal itself. As is, where is, everything fits. And at the end, when it’s all done, there is no reward to be had – the joy of doing it right is all the reward there ever is. (A Deepavali Gift)
Carrie Fisher|You just feel like you're doing a job that you want to be doing, and then one day, somebody asks you a question like that: 'What's it like to be famous?' It doesn't really mean anything. The only difference is some people stop you and ask you for photographs.
Jaeda DeWalt|All the external adoration, respect and adulation in the word, can't drown out the internal voices that tell us, we are not good enough and unworthy of; happiness, love and an abundant life. When we need others to tell us were amazing, worthy and lovable, in order to feel good about ourselves, it is never enough. It goes into the bottomless pit where our inherent self-worth should be. It may feel like we are reaching out to receive love, but in actuality, we are seeking external noise to help drown out our negative core beliefs.Love blossoms from the inside out. That is why it is so important to do the work necessary to heal our emotional wounds, to love ourselves and stand strong in who we are. Only then, are we truly free to give and receive love, unconditionally and in abundance.
Euripides, Medea and Other Plays: Medea / Alcestis / The Children of Heracles / Hippolytus|The fiercest anger of all, the most incurable,Is that which rages in the place of dearest love.
Klonovsky|Don't let the devil hear you, minister, The devil has such good hearing he doesn't need things to be spoken out loud, Well, god help us then, There's no point asking him for help either, he was born stone-deaf.
Pope Francis|Knowledge of other people's beliefs and ways of thinking must be used to build bridges, not to create conflicts.
Timothy Joshua|Your words are like mirrors. They may cut, but they also reflect.
Sue Monk Kidd|If your life's at a juncture and you need to think about things, there's nowhere better than home. However old you are.
Liz Meldon, The Maenad of Manhattan|This century faded—as did the last several—and she was Aphrodite again, goddess of lust and pleasure and sex, and she was home.
Jason Micheal Ratliff|For many, what they see on television becomes more true than what they see with their eyes in the external world. But this is not so, for one must never forget that every television and has been edited. The viewer does not see the event. He sees in edited form of the event. It is not the event which is seen, but an edited symbol or an edited image of the event. An aura and illusion of objectivity and truth is built up, which could not be totally the case, even if the people shooting the film were completely neutral.
Preeth Nambiar, The Solitary Shores|It is raining, perhaps clouds voiding their deepest longings! Upon the streams I have drove those paper boats to the farthest. Listening to the lonely drops of rain I am trying in vain to sing melodious, Alas the voice ends deep within! Were you the song within? O my dear, but I know you are silence that sings wordless, a melody hummed nameless!
Shane Peacock, Vanishing Girl|I embrace, I veritably hug and cuddle, the concept of optimism. It is the core of my approach to my existence.
Sunday Adelaja|Culture is the celebration of diversity. Let us therefore not deny our origin; but instead celebrate ours as a cultural mosaic not a tower of Babel , but a power of Babel
Stephen Adly Guirgis, The Last Days of Judas Iscariot|It's almost dawn. You can feel it coming. The world holds its breath, because there's really no guarantee that the sun will rise. That there was a yesterday doesn't mean there will be a tomorrow.
Brent Weeks, The Broken Eye|...Many shadows hide behind light, and the best lies are those seasoned liberally with truth: salt covering the flavor of rotten meat.
Eskay Teel, Alice in Worcestershire: Brummie girls do cry|The Sunday school trip: While us girls were alone, a nasty piece of work called Louise, aged about eleven, decided that it would be a ‘fun’ idea to hang someone over the cliff ... me!
G. Arnell Williams, How Math Works: A Guide to Grade School Arithmetic for Parents and Teachers|The human mind is itself a miraculous machine. I am writing right now, but I have no idea how this is happening. I know that my brain is composed of a cerebrum, a cerebellum, and a medulla oblongata, but these are just words. I know that electrical impulses are involved somehow, but that is about the extent of my understanding of the mechanics. And while I at least have an intuition as to how an airplane works, I really have none with respect to my brain. Frankly, lots of what appears on my computer screen is as much a surprise to me as it is to you. I certainly never expected over my oatmeal and English muffin this morning to be writing about Bernoulli's principle today. For that matter, I have no idea why I like English muffins. But I do.
Rateb Rayyes|Five years back, I dreamed of me being what I am today.Five years later, I dream of me being what I am in future.Now, is the true version of me between my history and mystery....
Martina Navratilova|I love immigrants. Legal, illegal - they're not to be despised.
Scott H. Dearduff, A Cup of My Coffee: Leadership Lessons from the Battlefield to the Boardroom|No pastor, no spiritual leader, is ever able to take his people any further than he himself has gone with God.
Turcois Ominek|Mirad had asked for peace for his birthday.Imagine, a boy of thirteen who asks for peace as a birthday present.When I heard that I cried.
Richard Proenneke|Reversing the historical trajectory of human eating, for this meal the forest would be feeding us again.
Frederick William Faber|It is not easy to find happiness in ourselves, and it is not possible to find it elsewhere.
Steve Volk, Fringe-ology: How I Tried to Explain Away the Unexplainable-And Couldn't|It is the finding of neuroscience, in fact, that belief is at least in part a matter of emotion. Whatever we believe to be true lights up areas of our brain responsible for self-identification and the processing of feelings and sentiments. If we believe something, then, the object of our belief becomes an emotionally potent aspect of our own self-image. There is some common sense to this, too: the most passionate of believers and the most strident of New Atheists are palpably, visibly fired up and ready to defend their positions.
Indie Reader|Like flowers blooming through cement,we, too, can grow beyond our cracks.
nick catricala|My Potentials are 600,000 More Than I Use Right Now_nickc
John Kasich, Every Other Monday: Twenty Years of Life, Lunch, Faith, and Friendship|Public symbols matter. They are one of the ways we tell each other, and the world, what we honor.
Thich Nhat Hanh, Being Peace|Does it, does it—I'm flailing here—does it have a name? What you've
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Wait for You|Why me?" I blurted out, and then closed my eyes briefly. "Okay. Don't answer that."The food arrived just then一thank God一and the conversation was deterred...for about two minutes. "I'm going to answer that question," Cam said, peering at me through his lashes.I wanted to face-plant my stuffed chicken. "You don't have to.""No, I think I do.
Henry Johnson Jr|This earth is His, to Him belong those vast and boundless skies;Both seas within Him rest, and yet in that small pool He lies.
Peter Watts, Blindsight|Per aspera ad astra, Papa,' I whispered. Through hardship to the stars.
Stephanie Lahart|When you are unique and rare, be prepared to be hated on. Family, so-called friends, and associates will show their true character when they see you succeeding. Words of Wisdom: Stay focused! Don’t allow anybody to rob you of your purpose. Keep on shining! Keep on thriving! Hold your head up high and do the damn thing! Everybody will NOT be happy for you, everybody will NOT rejoice with you, and everybody will NOT believe in you. And that’s okay! Be your OWN personal cheerleader. This is about YOU, not them. Haters don’t deserve your time or energy. Do YOU. Your destiny is yours to keep!
Debasish Mridha|A philosopher is a lover and searcher of truth, beauty, meaning, and wisdom.
Fabrizio Moreira|I'm honest and tell it like it is. I've been around the horn a few times and learned valuable lessons from screwing up a bit. So, if I can pass off advice or make someone smile on the way to work, I'm for it.
Richie Norton|What does a ship absolutely need to stay afloat? I’m not a mariner, so I can’t exactly say. . . but what I can tell you is that ships don’t absolutely need lighthouses—but they sure do help!When it comes to acting on inspired ideas, it’s easy to trick ourselves into thinking we don’t really need to do them, but that’s like a ship ignoring the beacon of light on a rocky shore.
Ivanka Trump|My dad used to have an expression - 'It is the lucky person who gets up in the morning, puts both feet on the floor, knows what they are about to do, and thinks it still matters.'
Kendare Blake, Anna Dressed in Blood|The orchestra strikes up with ‘Stockholm in My Heart’, and everyone joins in. Hands sway in the air, mobile phone cameras are raised. A wonderful feeling of togetherness. It will be another fifteen minutes until, with meticulous premeditation, the whole thing is torn to shreds. Let us sing along for the time being. We have a long way to go before we return here. Only when the journey has softened us up, when we are ready to think the unthinkable, will we be permitted to come back.
Ashley Scott|It's cool to have critical success because it's always nice for your peers to say, 'Good job.' But who cares about them?
Michel Serres, The Five Senses: A Philosophy of Mingled Bodies|The skin is a variety of contingency: in it, through it, with it, the world and my body touch each other, the feeling and the felt, it defines their common edge. Contingency means common tangency: in it the world and the body intersect and caress each other. I do not wish to call the place in which I live a medium, I prefer to say that things mingle with each other and that I am no exception to that. I mix with the world which mixes with me. Skin intervenes between several things in the world and makes them mingle.
Taylor Swift|I remember at the age of five travelling on a trolley car with my mother past a group of women on a picket line at a textile plant, seeing them being viciously beaten by security people. So that kind of thing stayed with me.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|They will talk about you and it won't always be good. You won't even know them but they will critique you - and judge you - and everything you stand for. Their words will cut through your heart-strings and make you question the hopes and dreams that have gnawed your soul since birth. I warn you, because I believe your unique gift of expression needs to be shared. Resist cowering down and holding back for fear of rejection. Spread those creative wings and create. But, prepare yourself. Because naysayers are not a possibility, they are a guarantee.
Hubert Selby Jr., Song of the Silent Snow|It had started snowing, a thick wet layer of slush that won't stick. There are no cars on the road, nothing but big white flakes falling onto our faces, erasing the buildings around us, and the low swish of our feet on the road as we try to keep our footing, a soft wheeze humming from the bottom of my lungs from too much smoking.In the middle of Nation Road, Mazzie turns to me without any warning. She grabs my arm and we both fall down, and then we're sitting there in the middle of the bare road, and for a few seconds we just sit there, quite, listening to the eerie silent noise of snow falling against land.Snow covers Mazzie's eyelashes, making her look like a tiny ice princess– the closest she will ever come to wearing makeup."You look pretty," I say."Shut up.
J.C. Ryle, A Call to Prayer|GOD HAS NOT MERCY AND NOR WILL I' - The Midnight Heir (The Bane Chronicles, 4) by Cassandra Clare and Sarah Rees Brennan
Feisal Abdul Rauf|Every man lives in two realms: the internal and the external. The internal is that realm of spiritual ends expressed in art, literature, morals, and religion. The external is that complex of devices, techniques, mechanisms, and instrumentalities by means of which we live.
Bette Lee Crosby, The Regrets of Cyrus Dodd|He searched his mind for something more to say, something to take away her pain, but he could find nothing. There were no words to ease such a pain. He knew because the ache in his heart was as great as hers.
Tamora Pierce, Sandry's Book|Without patience, magic would be undiscovered - in rushing everything, we would never hear its whisper inside.
Jim George|We are so small; and what must one hold on to when one no longer recognizes one's own hands, nor one's step, nor even the small dose of everyday despair.
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni, The Mistress of Spices|A full moon is poison to some; they shut it out at every crevice, and do not suffer a ray to cross them; it has a chemical or magical effect; it sickens them. But I am never more free and royal than when the subtile celerity of its magic combinations, whatever they are, is at work.
Eiji Yoshikawa, Musashi|it is easy to surpass a predecessor, but difficult to avoid being surpassed by a successor.
Augustine of Hippo|Patience is tied very closely to faith in our Heavenly Father. Actually, when we are unduly impatient, we are suggesting that we know what is best—better than does God. Or, at least, we are asserting that our timetable is better than His. We can grow in faith only if we are willing to wait patiently for God's purposes and patterns to unfold in our lives, on His timetable.
Karen Witemeyer, To Win Her Heart|Levi's gaze sought out Miss Spencer. Eden. All she had to do was smile to release those little frissons of lightning in him.  As that thought crossed his mind, she glanced up, and Levi realized he was wrong. She didn't have to smile. All she had to do was look at him.  Heaven help him. He was in bad.
Alexei Sayle, Stalin Ate My Homework|The hour that was for them, for us, for all who had awakened one morning to see their fields covered with blood rather than harvest, who didn't seek to change the world but lived in good faith and prayer offered to an imposing God, for the young women who mended their men's clothing and held their sons' mouths to the purple nipples of sweet breasts, for the man who watched the suns descend behind the mountain every evening and dreamed and when his sons were grown, passed on his dreams, for the black nights when guitars harmonized with the wind's song, to the bottle of regional brew, and a hand-rolled cigarette, to the baptism and a dance of celebration, to the aroma of soups simmering on wood-burning stoves and filled the bellies of those who worked the fields, to a candle that burned in vigil while a hungry mind gulped the printed truth of another's legacy, to the owl that called from between the moon and earth while lovers enwrapped their passion on silver tinted grass, to the history of the world and to its future, to all that had lived and died and had been born again in that moment as i approached am opaque window and pointed my weapon.
David Weber, Oath of Swords|I am stupid but I always trying as much as possible to seek wisdom to overcome my stupidity. Because, I know the mighty power of stupidity and how it ruined my life. I ask you, are you wise or stupid?
J.M.  Sullivan, Alice: The Wanderland Chronicles|The essence of faith … is the idea that that which man wishes actually is: he wishes to be immortal, therefore he is immortal; he wishes for the existence of a being who can do everything which is impossible to Nature and reason, therefore such a being exists[.]
Dennis E. Adonis|Life is a journey that gives you the liberty to draw your own map, and choose your own route.
Susan Griffin, A Chorus of Stones: The Private Life of War|His insights have come to him through a crack in the veneer of civilization, which was also a crack in his own soul. He had the courage to look in this direction.
Arthur Herman, Gandhi and Churchill: The Epic Rivalry that Destroyed an Empire and Forged Our Age|The two came to differ on many, if not most, issues. But the man who would single-handedly defy Hitler in 1940 against all odds bears a striking resemblance to the man who organized the first satyagraha campaign in South Africa.
Virginia Woolf|When the white man turns tyrant, it is his own freedom that he destroys.
Fernando A. Flores, Death to the Bullshit Artists of South Texas, Vol. 1|There is always time to die, but never time to live.
Judith Martin|I knew he was unreliable, but he was fun to be with. He was a child’s ideal companion, full of surprises and happy animal energy. He enjoyed food and drink. He liked to try new things. He brought home coconuts, papayas, mangoes, and urged them on our reluctant conservative selves. On Sundays he liked to discover new places, take us on endless bus or trolley rides to some new park or beach he knew about. He always counseled daring, in whatever situation, the courage to test the unknown, an instruction that was thematically in opposition to my mother’s.
Francis Spufford, Red Plenty: Inside the Fifties' Soviet Dream|In neo-classical economic theory, it is claimed without evidence that people are basically self-seeking, that they want above all the satisfaction of their material desires: what economists call "maximising utility". The ultimate objective of mankind is economic growth, and that is maximized only through raw, and lightly regulated, competition. If the rewards of this system are spread unevenly, that is a necessary price. Others on the planet are to be regarded as either customers, competitors or factors of production. Effects upon the planet itself are mere "externalities" to the model, with no reckoning of the cost - at least for now. Nowhere in this analysis appears factors such as human cooperation, love, trust, compassion or hatred, curiosity or beauty. Nowhere appears the concept of meaning. What cannot be measured is ignored. But the trouble is that once our basic needs for shelter and food have been met, these factors may be the most important of all.
Sarah Ban Breathnach|Gratitude bestows reverence, allowing us to encounter everyday epiphanies, those transcendent moments of awe that change forever how we experience life and the world.
Sonya Sones, One of Those Hideous Books Where the Mother Dies|But most days,I wander around feeling invisible.Like I'm a speck of dustfloating in the airthat can only be seenwhen a shaft of light hits it.
Steven Hall, The Raw Shark Texts|There's no way to really preserve a person when they've gone and that's because whatever you write down it's not the truth; it's just a story. Stories are all we're ever left with in our head or on paper: clever narratives put together from selected facts, legends, well edited tall tales with us in the starring roles.
Lori Jenessa Nelson|Dear Lover,Your laughter is warm rain, and you are the rainbow.
Moisés Naím, The End of Power: From Boardrooms to Battlefields and Churches to States, Why Being In Charge Isn't What It Used to Be|Established politicians are also bumping into a new cast of characters within corridors of legislative power. In 2010 parliamentary elections in Brazil, for example, the candidate who won the most votes anywhere in the country (and the second-most-voted congressman in the country's history) was a clown - an actual clown who went by the name of Tiririca and wore his clown costume while he campaigned. His platform was as anti-politician as it gets. "I don't know what a representative in congress does," he told voters in YouTube video that attracted millions of voters, "but if you send me there I will tell you". He also explained that his goal was "to help needy people in this country, but especially my family".
Debasish Mridha|There's a way that money is freedom, but it isn't money, it's that money stands for having a choice.
Michael Ondaatje, Coming Through Slaughter|But there was a discipline, it was just that we didn't understand. We thought he was formless, but I think now he was tormented by order, what was outside it. He tore apart the plot - see his music was immediately on top of his own life. Echoing. As if, when he was playing he was lost and hunting for the right accidental notes. Listening to him was like talking to Coleman. You were both changing direction with every sentence, sometimes in the middle, using each other as a springboard through the dark. You were moving so fast it was unimportant to finish and clear everything. He would be describing something in 27 ways. There was pain and gentleness everything jammed into each number.
Pierce Brown, Golden Son|We never asked to bow. Who is he to say Red and Browns toiling to death is for the greater good? Who is he to say Pink children being harvested for rape, Obsidians and Grays for battle, is a necessity? How can he sit there and say that he alone knows what is best for me, for my family? It’s not his right
Drew Barrymore|Understand and accept the cycles of money. The setbacks you may have today or next year will not keep you from financial freedom. If you hold on to your goals and dreams, you will get there.
Mark Van Doren|The universe constantly and obediently answers to our conceptions; whether we travel fast or slow, the track is laid for us. Let us spend our lives in conceiving then. The poet or the artist never yet had so fair and noble a design but some of his posterity at least could accomplish it.
Mehmet Murat ildan|How do you know which path you should take? Take one and it will tell you if you've chosen wisely. If not, choose a different path. That's the gift life offers freely.
Alexandar Tomov, Unexpected Tales from the Ends of the Earth|Quote from “Unexpected Tales from the Ends of the Earth”: “The only one everlasting love is the unrealized one. The love to this thing that you’d never had. Behind it is hidden the love to your own ego and feelings".
John Quincy Adams|Religious beliefs have played a vital role in forming America's character as well as my own. I was raised as a Lutheran, and I believe in God and consider my faith and involvement with organized religion to be an important part of who I am.
Sandeep Sahajpal|We always say that the times change, but truly speaking, the time remains the same, it is we who occur along the timelines.
Catherine of Siena|I can endure darkness as long as, I can hope that a new sun will rise tomorrow.
Aberjhani, The River of Winged Dreams|In an age of bombsguzzling blood, skylarks merge peacewith thought and action.
Mario Stinger, Destined for Oblivion: As Nature Intended|The desire to do something because you find it deeply satisfying and personally challenging inspires the highest levels of creativity, whetherit's in the arts, sciences, or business.
Knut Hamsun|I think there are things in my story that have helped my creativity. Your father being killed, for instance, is one of the best things that could happen to a kid if he's going to write poetry or songs.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Faust|By Fortune's adverse buffets overborneTo solitude I fled, to wilds forlorn,And not in utter loneliness to live,Myself at last did to the Devil give!
Fletcher Pratt, Tales From Gavagan's Bar|I think the invitation offered the non-black reader is to join us in this expression of our familiarity and via that joining, come to understand that when black people come together to celebrate and rejoice in black critical thinking, we do so not to exclude or to separate, but to participate more fully in world community. However, we must first be able to dialogue with one another, to give one another subject-to-subject recognition that is an act of resistance that is part of the decolonizing, anti-racist process.
Robin Caldwell|History is so comprehensive and detailed. I couldn't be a history student. I thought there was a time when I couldn't be a history maker, because of my limited understanding of what that meant. Today, thinking about the passing of Julian Bond and a wonderful conversation with a woman who has influenced so much, I think we all are history makers. All of our names will not be as known as Mr. Bond's or in books, but our names will be on someone's tongue and our memories will be in someone's heart, and we will all be a part of someone's personal story. We have a unique opportunity at this very second to change how we affect someone's life as living history and historians. Flaws and all. Yep.
George Orwell, 1984|Has it ever occurred to you,' he said, 'that the whole history of English poetry has been de-termined by the fact that the English language lacks rhymes?
Reductress, How to Win at Feminism: The Definitive Guide to Having It All—And Then Some!|In the event that your feminist activities are discovered, quick diversions include bursting into song, asking him how to fix something in the room and fainting.
John Milton|I will not deny but that the best apology against false accusers is silence and sufferance, and honest deeds set against dishonest words.
Neill Blomkamp|There has to be the popcorn genre element, or I don't engage the same way. I like action and vehicle design and guns and computer graphics as much as I like allegory. It's a constant balancing game. I want audiences to be on this rollercoaster that fits the Hollywood mould, but I also want them to absorb my observations.
John Patrick Hickey, On The Journey To Achievement|No matter how you choose to act, that is the person you will become.
M.R. Gott, Where The Dead Fear to Tread|To these children, the door William has just come through is a portal. Being shoved through it means a trip to hell where only demons come to visit and the man before them fits that description; his deep, hard eyes frame his long, winding scar and behind him, flames rise as the smell of smoke and charring meat waft into the room.
Kaui Hart Hemmings|If I could only have one type of food with me, I would bring soy sauce. The reason being that if I have soy sauce, I can flavor a lot of things.
Theodore Roosevelt|Don't find fault, find a remedy.
Lauren F. Winner, Still: Notes on a Mid-Faith Crisis|In both roles, as journalist and as organizer, I'd learn that it's possible to fall in love with a revolution—then doubt it, fight with it, lose faith in it, and return with a sense of humor and a harder, lasting love. I would have to learn the same thing about church when I was much older, and it would be no easier.
Dominic Riccitello|When you know, you know and it flows in your mind like waves. Coming forward as it pulls with the tide. It brings anxiety, terror, and it’s beyond anything plausible.
Gena Showalter, The Darkest Night|Deep down inside, my heart knew the score.And I know that Haven was wrong.It's not always a case of one loving more than the other.When two people are truly meant to be, they love equally.Differently - but still equal.
Shamim Sarif, I Can't Think Straight|Gay people were seen as magical, too. I mean, like in many cultures, men were viewed as warriors and women were viewed as caregivers. But gay people, being both male and female, were seen as both warriors and caregivers. Gay people could do anything. They were like Swiss Army knives!
Sophie Oak, Siren Beloved|Hey, I see people manacled to log walls all the time. You bet. It’s a popular sport in Bear Flat. Gonna replace fishing soon.
Ross  Turner, Voices in the Mirror|It is perhaps not the Church and all that it stands for that some fear so, but instead the demons of humanity that lurk within, tainting its Holy walls with their evil and their lust and their malice.And what if that window into our own souls wasn't just to show us our reflections, the good and bad of who we are, but instead the reflection of the whole world around us, and how we see that, in all its entirety of good and evil.
Leigh Bardugo, Siege and Storm|Darcy was floating, soaring. Warrick's kiss was sensual, carnal. It aroused her, inflamed her. His touch was just as wickedly delightful. His hands stroked her back, her butt, holding her tight, as if he couldn't fathom releasing her. 	She never wanted the kiss to end. It was too good, too ... perfect.
Muriel Maufroy, Rumi's Daughter|Doost", Ahmed voiced. "Doost",he repeated softly,shutting his eyes.The word felt like a caress."what does it mean?"'It means "The Friend","The One I Love","the One I Long For".
Malcolm Bradbury, The History Man|Why is it that married people always say "Come in" when everything they do says "Get out"? They talk about their miseries and then ask you why you're unmarried.
Jacqueline Novogratz, The Blue Sweater: Bridging the Gap Between Rich and Poor in an Interconnected World|Justice is not an easy battle to win; some get to the fact, some get fucked.
Philip Nitschke|If one does die taking these drugs, the death is likely to be very peaceful. Morphia is, after all, the goddess of dreams.
Sarah Dessen, Someone Like You|Cricket’s voice broke through Thomas’s memory. He was reading a letter, most likely from his mother. He was trying hard to hide it, but he was tearing up. 	“Captain I don’t want to be here,” was all he could choke out. Thomas reached over and gave Cricket’s shoulder a tight squeeze.
Carl Sagan|The Earth is a very small stage in a vast cosmic arena. Think of the rivers of blood spilled by all those generals and emperors so that, in glory and triumph, they could become the momentary masters of a fraction of a dot. Think of the endless cruelties visited by the inhabitants of one corner of this pixel on the scarcely distinguishable inhabitants of some other corner, how frequent their misunderstandings, how eager they are to kill one another, how fervent their hatreds.
Jill Shalvis, The Sweetest Thing|Forever this time," he said as Sawyer strode toward them.Tara sighed blissfully. "You know what this means, right?""I'm done guessing," he said. "Tell me.""It means you're mine," she said. "And I'm yours. No more walking away. We are going to get it right this time."His smile was slow and easy, and just for her. "Well, finally.
Ella Harper|We are going to have that thing everyone talks about, that indescribable, indefinable thing that everybody wants to find...Here's to endless stargazing.
Jay Woodman|We have the greatest power through love that can be known. It overcomes everything with its fierce and steady truth, if you can continue to stand in it.You can call love to you, directly from the original stream of consciousness, anytime you feel weak or fearful, and you will be given strength and courage.You can call love to you, directly from the original stream of consciousness, anytime you feel sad or alone, and you will feel embraced and comforted.Call love to you if you feel vulnerable. Feel its purity come to you from the universe and flow round you like a miraculous mother cradling its innocent child.Breathe love in. Say to yourself as you breathe deeply “I love. I am loved.” Say it over and over as you breathe it into yourself and out to the universe, until you really feel and believe that you ARE LOVE.Feel love pour into your lungs as you breathe. Feel it circulate round your body to fill every organ, every limb, and every cell. Vibrate with its radiance, and share it.
Tatjana Soli, The Lotus Eaters|She consoled herself with the thought that the pictures were graphic enough to shake people up, stop them being complacent about what was happening, and if that meant the war would end sooner, those two deaths weren't in vain. As she hoped, with less and less confidence each day, that Michael's had not been in vain. Too much waste to bear.
Rose Wynters, Phase Two: Evaluate| “Alright, who’s first?” Crystal asked once Carrie was in the chair that she had instructed her to sit in. Everyone was quiet.  “Who wants to draw straws?” Matt asked. Carrie hadn’t realized until this moment that the subtle smile on his face never faded. It was as though he found humor in everything that was going on. Will slowly raised his hand, his other hand was left shoved in the pocket of his blue jeans, “I’ll do it.” 
Maggie Stiefvater, The Raven Boys|A realization that even if you had discovered the future, it really didn't change how you lived in the present. They were truth, but they weren't all the truth.
William Deresiewicz, Excellent Sheep: The Miseducation of the American Elite and the Way to a Meaningful Life|In my illustrious career as a university student, I turned in over 100 papers so that one day, in the end, I got 1 paper in return.
Hugh Howey|Yes, us. And the vow I just made. Hell, Rosa, it's about your home branded on my body.
Virginia Aird, Grandma's Matinee Bow|I'm young enough to enjoy life, and you're old enough to mind your own business.
John Ashbery|Walter Pater said that all the arts aspire to the condition of music, but I’ve always felt that music aspires to the condition of words.
Dieter F. Uchtdorf|Hope is the anchor of our souls. I know of no one who is not in need of hope - young or old, strong or weak, rich or poor.
Bill Parcells|The thing is, I don't do these things for recognition, being a good teammate, being a positive member of the community. I do them because those things make me whole and complete.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|I may deserve your disappointment as well as a lecture and strict discipline, but what I need is your understanding, your guidance, and your unconditional love.
Thomm Quackenbush, Danse Macabre (Night's Dream, #2)|You raise them half-decent, and they grow up and leave. They move to Miami or California-- someplace with gourmet groceries and nude beaches because you've reared them to cook good and be liberal minded. It's just the opposite with your failures-- them kids stick to your tail like a cocklebur. You'd think it would be the other way around, but it's not. No matter how old I get, this will always amaze me.
Gene Wolfe, Peace|Death is like that, it blinks, we blink; not always able to see the Stop signs, hiding behind trees in the corner of the roads.
|You are not the only one that is going through some struggles, challenges and obstacles. There is no need to be too hard on yourself. This too will surely pass away just like all that you have been through in the past. Stay strong and keep your faith alive. God is on your side.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|The elimination diet:Remove anger, regret, resentment, guilt, blame, and worry.Then watch your health, and life, improve.
Irvine Welsh, Trainspotting|Renton looks at her and sees her pain and anger. It cuts himup. It confuses him. Kelly has a great sense of humour. What's wrong with her? The knee–jerkthought: Wrong time of the' month is forming in his head when he looks about and picks up theintonations of the laughter around the bar. It's not funny laughter.This is lynch mob laughter.How was ah tae know, he thinks. How the fuck was ah tae know?
Jonathan Edwards|Astronomy is, not without reason, regarded, by mankind, as the sublimest of the natural sciences. Its objects so frequently visible, and therefore familiar, being always remote and inaccessible, do not lose their dignity.
Linda Leaming, Married to Bhutan|We are not encouraged, on a daily basis, to pay careful attention to the animals we eat. On the contrary, the meat, dairy, and egg industries all actively encourage us to give thought to our own immediate interest (taste, for example, or cheap food) but not to the real suffering involved. They do so by deliberately withholding information and by cynically presenting us with idealized images of happy animals in beautiful landscapes, scenes of bucolic happiness that do not correspond to anything in the real world. The animals involved suffer agony because of our ignorance. The least we owe them is to lessen that ignorance.
Friedrich Nietzsche, On the Genealogy of Morals/Ecce Homo|The curve of man’s knowledge of himself ascends until the 17th century, declines gradually afterwards, in this century it finally plummets
Pippa DaCosta, Girl From Above: Trapped|Ty is green but never with envy. Best of all, he's usually available to help move a heavy piece of furniture.
Airicka Phoenix, Octavian's Undoing|That isn't fair." Her voice came out small, barely a whisper. "I didn't ask to be thrown into all this. I didn't ask to fall for a guy that isn't even human. It just happened and I have no idea what I'm supposed to do next so if you have some magical guidebook, I'd love to borrow it.
Hrithik Roshan|The Grateful Dead, they're my best friends. Their message of hope, peace, love, teamwork, creativity, imagination, celebration, the dance, the vision, the purpose, the passion all of the things I believe in makes me the luckiest Deadhead in the world.
Jeff Davidson, The Complete Idiot's Guide to Getting Things Done|But when we make choices that are different than what our friends are doing, it might seem to them that we are questioning their choices - even if it has nothing to do with them.... And what is the sense in feeling guilty about making different choices than our mothers and the other women before us? Our mothers did the best they could with what they had available to them. Our choices, if different from theirs, are not a denouncement of theirs.
Susan Sontag, At the Same Time: Essays and Speeches|Then you begin to give up the very idea of belonging. Suddenly this thing, this belonging,it seems like some long, dirty lie ... and I begin to believe that birthplaces are accidents, that everything is an accident. But if you believe that, where do you go? What do you do? What does anything matter?
Jennifer Grant|My dad taught me from my youngest childhood memories through these connections with Aboriginal and tribal people that you must always protect people's sacred status, regardless of the past.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Do not waste your time and life, searching for a job. Utilize your special skills to begin your own work.
Jim Mitchem, Minor King|If there is anything worth fearing in the world, it is living in such a way that gives one cause for regret in the end.
Anne Hathaway|The Who on record were dynamic. Roger Daltrey's delivery allowed vulnerability without weakness; doubt and confusion, but no plea for sympathy.
Jim Butcher, Blood Rites|Hell's bells, irony blows.
Orhan Pamuk, The Museum of Innocence|With the death of my father, it wasn't just the objects of everyday life that had changed; even the most ordinary street scenes had become irreplaceable mementos of a lost world whose every detail figured in the meaning of the whole.
Gregory S. Prince, Jr., Teach Them To Challenge Authority: Educating for healthy societies|Preparing citizens to act thoughtfully to create a more just, open, and creative society gives form, substance and meaning to often abstract concepts of freedom and democracy.
Steven Aitchison|In life; not all questions require gentle answers, some just want you to be so stupid to answer in a stupid way.
Katie Reus, Taste of Darkness|She brushed her lips over his, needing to taste him, to reassure herself of his presence, even if the kiss was relatively chaste. He let out a soft groan, his big body melting against hers as he pulled her close."Get a fucking room," Gabriel muttered.
S. Evan Townsend, Hammer of Thor|To him, one of the most fascinating historical aspects of governments was their complete disregard for governing. Governments were single-minded and interested only in increasing their control and any governance that came out of the government's actions were purely coincidental. .... The lowest flunky as well as the most powerful bureaucrat was more interested in protecting his sinecure than in helping the citizens who coughed up tax money to pay the government worker's salaries.
Pet Torres, Valkyrie the Vampire Princess : Deluxe Edition : Vol. 3- 4 and 5|I'm turning you into a girlchasing a butterfly, a she-wolfon a hilltop, & then back into a woman.
Vanna Bonta, Flight: A Quantum Fiction Novel|The people knew what had made them human. It was not their shortcomings, but their hearts.
Stephanie Morales|Books connect us readers to what we cannot see but imagine, an intangible sort of wonder and magic.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|A princess once carefully kissed a porcupine to be kind, upon which he began to think himself a prince. He then dressed like a prince, behaved like a prince, and announced himself to be a prince. The world, therefore, saw him as such, and so a porcupine prince he was. (Of course, most were reluctant to argue with him otherwise.)
Thich Nhat Hanh, Reconciliation: Healing the Inner Child|There is no distinction between means and ends. There is no way to happiness, happiness is the way. There is no way to enlightenment, enlightenment is the way.
Mirza Sharafat Hussain Beigh|Thirty two men keep guarding the tongue. Since it keeps a sense, still speaks non sense.
Mother Teresa|Truly, my dear young friends, you are a chosen generation. I hope you will never forget it. I hope you will never take it for granted. I hope there will grow in your hearts an overpowering sense of gratitude to God, who has made it possible for you to come upon the earth in this marvelous season of the world's history.
Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!|You know what?' said Vimes aloud. 'This is going to be the world's first democratically killed dragon. One man, one stab.'Then you've got to stop them. You can't let them kill it!' said Lady Ramkin.Vimes blinked at her.Pardon?' he said.It's wounded!'Lady, that was the intention, wasn't it? Anyway, it's only stunned,' said 
Alexander McCall Smith, The Lost Art of Gratitude|Isabel is looking at several collections of research journals. 'She would understand the issues if she chose to open one of the volumes, but she knew that there were conversations within which she would never have the time to participate in. And that, of course, was the problem with any large collection of books, whether in a library or a bookshop: one might feel intimidated by the fact that there was simply too many to read and not know where to start.
Victor Hugo|Visible alternatives shatter the sense of inevitability, that the system must, necessarily, be patched together in the same form -- this is why it became such an imperative of global governance to stamp them out, or, when that's not possible, to ensure that no one knows about them. To become aware of it allows us to see everything we are already doing in a new light. To realize we're all already communists when working on a common projects, all already anarchists when we solve problems without recourse to lawyers or police, all revolutionaries when we make something genuinely new.
Charice Pempengco|Youth is really in your attitude, not in what you look like.
Janet Evanovich, One for the Money|It was you," I say softly. "It's always you I think about."The intensity in his gaze took my breath away. I could feel him. Every part of him. His soul was sewn to mine. His heated blood flowed through my veins. I'd thought that I had been close to my mother, and I was, but not like this. Chase and I barely touched- our hands, mouths, knees- but there was no part of me that was not his.
Eric Schneiderman|If I had chosen the populist course, it would have been a breach of the trust placed in me by the people.
Jeannine Atkins, Borrowed Names: Poems About Laura Ingalls Wilder, Madam C.J. Walker, Marie Curie, and Their Daughters|One can slide between poor and rich, the difference as slight as between paper and parchment, one voice and a choir, arms hanging by sides and a hug.
Richard Foster|There is a shadow wherever there is light, but the mind can see what the eyes can't.
Nikki Rowe|My soul remembered him, my heart connected with him but time had separated him from wanting me right now.
Gary Keller, The One Thing: The Surprisingly Simple Truth Behind Extraordinary Results|Alford was going to start this fast the same way he had started everything else, alone and uncertain
Look Im A Cat|That night he wrote in his diary, "Challenge a remaining taboo." It was that simple. He had always wanted to understand genius, and now he had the formula. Freud, living in an age that prized its own seeming rationality, had found one of the remaining taboos and dared to think beyond it: he discovered infant sexuality and the unconscious, among other things. Galileo had gone beyond the taboo "Thou shalt not question Aristotle." Every great discovery had been the breaking of a taboo.
Shannon MacLeod, Rogue on the Rollaway|Refusing to lean back against him, Colleen sat ramrod straight until they reached the road. “I guess I should say thank you for saving my life,” she muttered then turned and slapped Faolán hard across the face. “And that’s for you having to save it in the first place. And I’m not your woman, you big, arrogant, lying, betraying…faery loving…” She searched for the perfect insult and couldn’t find one, “…Scot.” She gave a very unladylike snort. “Happy now? That fiery enough for you?
C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity|of course, even in the hall, you must begin trying to obey the rules which are common to the whole house.
|Don't expect to achieve and maintain financial success without understanding the difference between your wants and needs, and not allowing your wants to control your life.
Norhafsah Hamid, Back to Basics|Women are like sparkling diamonds, if you let too many hands touch it, not only will it get dirty with too many smudges and finger prints, it will also lose its shine and lustre.
Wassily Kandinsky|When you see a fish you don't think of its scales, do you? You think of its speed, its floating, flashing body seen through the water. Well, I've tried to express just that. If I made fins and eyes and scales, I would arrest its movement, give a pattern or shape of reality. I want just the flash of its spirits.
Ben Shapiro|To my young friends out there: Life can be great, but not when you can't see it. So, open your eyes to life: to see it in the vivid colors that God gave us as a precious gift to His children, to enjoy life to the fullest, and to make it count. Say yes to your life.
Brownell Landrum, A Chorus of Voices: DUET stories Volume III - Adult Version|When the shadow is in front of you, all you see is the darkness and forget the sun is at your back.
Philip DeFranco|If we as people view everone who's not a part of our group as the monster, and we treat them like the monster - they either become the monster, or we're actually the monster.
Joseph Campbell, The Hero's Journey: Joseph Campbell on His Life & Work|The image that comes to mind is a boxing ring. There are times when...you just want that bell to ring, but you're the one who's losing. The one who's winning doesn't have that feeling. Do you have the energy and strength to face life? Life can ask more of you than you are willing to give. And then you say, 'Life is not something that should have been. I'm not going to play the game. I'm going to meditate. I'm going to call "out".'There are three positions possible. One is the up-to-it, and facing the game and playing through. The second is saying, Absolutely not. I don't want to stay in this dogfight. That's the absolute out. The third position is the one that says, This is mixed of good and evil. I'm on the side of the good. I accept the world with corrections. And may [the world] be the way I like it. And it's good for me and my friends. There are only the three positions.
Sandy Raman|Some people see the liquid and thing half full. Others only see the air and think half empty. Sometimes I get the sense Chatham sees it all, which is kind of terrifying. I don't know if I want him to see me--the real me.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|With Christ as your Savior and constant Companion, you, although alone, need never be lonely.
Gaylord Nelson|You may be able to fool the voters, but not the atmosphere.
Jill Briscoe, Faith Enough To Finish|don't just listen to people crying, hear the reasons why they cry
Sook Nyul Choi, Echoes of the White Giraffe|I was also pointing out that she is right. I still love you.”“You still love me?”“I’m still here, aren’t I?” he asked rhetorically. “You were my first love, Traning Bra. That kind of thing could last forever if you let it. I don’t really have any intention of stopping it. That call is all on you. Until then, I love you.
Robyn Davidson|Bill Cosby is a famous black guy who has a bully pulpit the size of the world; it's global. He puts his colossal foot on the vulnerable necks of poor people, and as a result of that, we don't have a balanced conversation.
Blaise Pascal|Even those who write against fame wish for the fame of having written well, and those who read their works desire the fame of having read them.
Manasa Rao|Even if we have ourselves so fully convinced that we are on the right track because we desperately want the specific direction we have chosen to be the correct one, if the universe disagrees with our choices, it will not be shy in telling us so.
A.B. Shepherd, Lifeboat|If we possess narrative sympathy - enabling us to see the world from other's point of view - we cannot kill. If we do not, we cannot love.
Ron Currie Jr., Everything Matters!|The urge to move is natural and understandable. As will be the case throughout your life, no matter how long or brief, the choice is, in the end, yours. Simply bear in mind that most every choice will have consequences, and in this instance those consequences would likely be quite grave.
Jennifer Donnelly, Revolution|Weight Loss Versus Health Gain:"Forget the idea of 'losing' anything. Let that happen organically. Instead, focus only on adding the healthy habit of juicing into your system. Think only about the healthy changes you are integrating into your body and not so much about taking anything away. Now, this is more empowering position in which you put yourself. You are in charge of the adding, but you have no control of the subtracting. Let the weight loss be a natural result of the changes that you make and think in terms of adding health into your system instead. Juicing is one such addition.
Dianne Sylvan, The Body Sacred|It was your body....that danced at your first drum circle; it was your body that gave birth to your child; it was your body that got down and dirty in the back seat of your dad's station wagon; it was your body that shivered, sweated, clasped its hands, fell to its knees, wept, and laughed the first time you felt the presence of the goddess in your life.
Maurice Merleau-Ponty, Phenomenology of Perception|The world’s magic sneaks up on you in secret, settles next to you when you have your head turned.
Tracee Ellis Ross|Those who know me know I'm passionate about lists, and top of my list of priorities is my family. My wife Joan and I do not consider our legacy to our children to be wealth or fame but the opportunity to pursue happiness by following their own path.
Munindra Misra, Lord Shiv & Family: In English Rhyme|I like two types of dust: pixie dust and dust from old, first edition books.
Nenia Campbell, Armed and Dangerous|We're constantly getting these messages to mind our own business and look the other way if we want to be well liked, to not tell the truth or speak our mind or say anything too intense. Well, I'm telling you here that this approach not only makes you party to other people's crimes against themselves but is a prescription for mediocrity and delusion
S.R. Crawford, No Secrets: Remastered|What do you want? What do you want?...To see the world burn, and a new one be born from the ashes…
Clarice Lispector|But now I want to say things that comfort me and that are a little free. For example: Thursdat is a day transparent as an insect's wing in the light. Just as Monday is a compact day. Ultimately, far beyond thought, I live from these ideas, if ideas is what they are. They are sensations that transform into ideas because I must use words. Even just using them mentally. The primary thought thinks with words.
Upton Sinclair, Dragon's Teeth I|They wish to build a new and better world, and I would be glad if they could succeed, and if I saw any hope of success I would join them. I ask for their plans, and they offer me vague dreams, in which as a man of affairs, I see no practicality. Is is like the the end of Das Rheingold: there is Valhalla, very beautiful, but only a rainbow bridge on which to get to it, and while the gods ma be able to walk on a rainbow, my investors and working people cannot.
NRN|There is no time frame on living life, only the frame we place about ourselves to hinder our lives from living to its fullest.
Florian Armas, Io Deceneus: Journal of a Time Traveler|What we call doubt is often simply dullness of mind and spirit, not the absence of faith at all, but faith latent with the lives we are not quite living, God dormant in the world to which we are not quite giving our best selves.
Moira Young, Rebel Heart|There are some people, she says, not many, who have within them the power to change things. The courage to act in the service of somethin greater than themselves.
Michael Cunningham, A Home at the End of the World|I’m not this unusual,” she said. “It’s just my hair.”She looked at Bobby and she looked at me, with an expression at once disdainful and imploring. She was forty, pregnant, and in love with two men at once. I think what she could not abide was the zaniness of her life. Like many of us, she had grown up expecting romance to bestow dignity and direction.“Be brave,” I told her. Bobby and I stood before her, confused and homeless and lacking a plan, beset by an aching but chaotic love that refused to focus in the conventional way. Traffic roared behind us. A truck honked its hydraulic horn, a monstrous, oceanic sound. Clare shook her head, not in denial but in exasperation. Because she could think of nothing else to do, she began walking again, more slowly, toward the row of trees.
Gary   Hopkins|Chances are no matter how bad your troubles seem to be, someone somewhere, with less resilience, has successfully conquered a more severe version of your problems.
Mother Teresa|God hasn't called us to be successful, just faithful.
Allan Amanyire|The rich that are rejoicing having conquered life, should beware & rethink, for no man can conquer death.
Austin Cochran, Totem Lake|Where do I go from here? She thought to herself.Truth was, it didn’t matter.She had a new beginning.
Mahrukh|Make an attempt to know yourself out of your comfort zone, you will see how how amazing you are.
James Bovard|Insofar as international law is observed, it provides us with stability and order and with a means of predicting the behavior of those with whom we have reciprocal legal obligations.
Primadonna Angela|If there were two enemies hating each other for a long time, to me, the winner would be the one who finally has the courage to forgive.
Jennifer Brown, Hate List|I'd spend about an hour, my room darkening around me, wondering what the hell happened to make me so unsure of who I even was. Because who you are is supposed to be the easiest question in the world to answer, right? Only for me it hadn't been easy for a very long time.
Sherwin B. Nuland|I really thought to myself, 'If I'm going to do anything in this world, I am going to be the best I can be.' I have a tennis coach that has taken me as far as my body can go. I hired a private skiing coach during my birthday week. I have a private yoga instructor. I just don't understand why you wouldn't give yourself every advantage.
Douglas Woolf, Wall to Wall|When I think good thoughts, I feel that man is not, after all, so bad.
Larry the Cable Guy|Polo is a great thing to do with your kids and your family - it is a great day out. And to me, horses are amazing creatures that give you this cable to Earth and put you in contact with nature.
William James, The Principles of Psychology|Seek out that particular mental attribute which makes you feel most deeply and vitally alive, along with which comes the inner voice which says, 'This is the real me,' and when you have found that attitude, follow it.
André Gunder Frank, Economic Genocide In Chile: Monetarist Theory Versus Humanity: Two Open Letters To Arnold Harberger And Milton Friedman|In a way, underdevelopment is a paradox. Many parts of the world that are naturally rich are actually poor and parts that are not so well off in wealth of soil and sun-soil are enjoying the highest standards of living. When the capitalists from the developed parts of the world try to explain this paradox, they often make it sound as though there is something “God-given” about the situation. One bourgeois economist, in a book on development, accepted that the comparative statistics of the world today show a gap that is much larger than it was before. By his own admission, the gap between the developed and underdeveloped countries has increased by at least 15 to 20 times over the last 150 years. However, the bourgeois economist in question does not give a historical explanation, nor does he consider that there is a relationship of exploitation which allowed capitalist parasites to grow fat and impoverished the dependencies. Instead he puts forward a biblical explanation! Pg. 21
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Mindfulness won’t ensure you’ll win an argument with your sister. Mindfulness won’t enable you to bypass your feelings of anger or hurt either. But it may help you see the conflict in a new way, one that allows you to break through old patterns.
Missy Lyons, Alien Promise|You might be able to kiss like a rock star, but you’ve got to get over this macho trip. You don’t own me.
Susan C. Young|To build up your speed and create momentum, do you need to be pushed or pulled? Successfully shifting gears requires synchronization, coordination, and a sense of speed, whether fast or slow. Sometimes it is simply a matter of shaking up your routine to get things rolling in the right direction.
Roger Goodell|I know it sounds corny, but when you follow your dreams, it happens. And if it's music, take it seriously.
Alistair Begg|If you live in such a manner as to stand the test of the last judgment, you can depend upon it that the world will not speak well of you.
George R.R. Martin, A Storm of Swords|We spent a lot of money on buying clothes, but we spend our best times naked..
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|We came into existence with nothing. And, when our spirit departs, we will take nothing out of world.
Kameron Hurley, The Geek Feminist Revolution|Asking men to cut away their “feminine” traits asks them to cut away half their humanity, just as asking women to suppress their “masculine” traits asks them to deny their full autonomy.What makes us human is not one or the other—the fist or the open palm—it’s our ability to embrace both, and choose the appropriate action for the situation we’re in. Because to deny one half—to burn down the world or refuse to defend the world from those who would burn it—is to deny our humanity and become something less than human.
Søren Kierkegaard, Either/Or: A Fragment of Life|September laughed and her laugh sounded like a roar; as if she had never been able to properly laugh in her whole life, only giggle or chuckle or grin, and now that she could do it right, now that her laughing had grown up and put bells on, it had become the most boisterous, rowdy roar you ever heard.
Brian M. Barry, Political Argument|One simple answer is that there has been a massive rise in the incidence of sanctimony and smugness among the successful that has nothing to do with any change in the underlying reality. Rather, it has been stimulated by politicians who have realized that it is possible to win power by recruiting the most economically successful forty per cent or so of the population in a crusade to roll back the gains made by their fellow citizens in the previous forty years. And how better to rationalize this than to tell people that they deserve the incomes that the market generates?
Cliff Gladwin|As long as we still draw breath, we each have the power to bring change into the world.
Margaret Cavendish|there is little difference between man and beast, but what ambition and glory makes.
Manprit Kaur|Always remember, that YOU are the most beautiful woman in the world. Your weight, your height, your eyes, your scars, your idiosyncrasies, your complexion, and your sartorial choices have nothing to do with beauty. The mirror lies darling. It does. Your heart is where all the beauty rests. And of course, it’s your smile that sprinkles a dash of magic! The world is a better place because of your gorgeous smile. Never walk out without a smile on our face, a zing in your step, and a high dose of faith in your heart.
Rebecca Lim|You scare me, Ryan Daley. Even more than those demons outside that scream for my death. How is it that I want what you want? I’ve spent an eternity feeling powerless. Love did that to me — robbed me of all control. I never expected to feel this way again. I don’t want to feel.’‘Neither did I,’ Ryan rasps, ‘because feeling anything at all was dangerous. If I let myself feel, then maybe I’d have to believe what everyone was saying — that Lauren was dead. But from the moment I laid eyes on “Carmen, you kept getting under my skin. At first, all you did was irritate the hell out of me, bailing me up that way outside my house, inviting yourself along for the ride when all I wanted was to be left alone. But that irritation turned into curiosity, which turned into something else, becoming this chain of, of … feeling that brought me here. I dropped everything for you. I veered left. And I’d do it again in a second. That’s what “feeling” does. It tells you you’re alive, it gives things … I don’t know, proper meaning. You’re still trying to maintain some veneer of independence? Toughness? Do words like that even apply to you? But I see through it, Mercy. I see through you. You’re not that different from me after all, under your armour. Crumbs, Mercy, that’s all I’m after. Just crumbs. It’s not a lot to ask for.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Dreams and freedom are the same. In order for them to be, they come with a price.
Helen Simonson, The Summer Before the War|They sat a moment in embrace of silent mutual comfort, which was, she often thought, the reward of those long married.
Henry Cloud|Christians who fail also avoid other Christians, especially when they are feeling bad and guilty in the midst of their failure. It's sad to see this dynamic of the law happen in the church and then see the opposite happen in Twelve Step groups. In these recovery groups, people are taught that the very first thing to do when you fail is to call someone in the group and get to a meeting. They are taught to "run to grace," as it were, to turn immediately to their higher power and their support system. The sad part is that this theology is more biblical than what is practices in many Christian environments, where people in failure run from instead of to God and the people they need.
Amanda Mosher, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|I am not looking for a "perfect" man. Only one who matches me on an emotional, spiritual, sexual, and intellectual level.
Cecelia Ahern, If You Could See Me Now|People forget they have options. And they forget that those things don't really matter. They should concentrate on what they have and not what they don't have. And by the way, wishing and dreaming doesn't mean concentrating on what you don't have, it's positive thinking that encourages hoping and believing, not whinging and moaning.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Essence of any creature encompasses more than one realm.Here now this body, is a vehicle of my essence in this universe.
Michael Monroe, Afterlife|Everyone has the right to believe whatever he or she wants. Christians, Muslims, Buddhists, Pagans, atheitsts, and every other religion. People can follow whichever they choose. Even if you and I believe Christianity is the truth, we must allow others to choose their own beliefs. You can’t force anyone to believe something they don’t, anyway.
George R.R. Martin, Dreamsongs, Volume I|Oh yes, it hurts at times to be alone among the stars. But it hurts a lot more to be alone at a party. A lot more.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Keep dreaming, you must never stop dreaming.
Simon Winchester, Krakatoa: The Day the World Exploded|The scientific world of the time was in the midst of a terrible ferment, with discoveries and realizations coming at an unseemly rate. To many in the ranks of the conservative and the devout, the new theories of geology and biology were delivering a series of hammer blows to mankind's self-regard. Geologists in particular seemed to have gone berserk, to have thrown off all sense of proper obeisance to their Maker... Mankind, it seemed, was now suddenly rather – dare one say it? – insignificant. He may not have been, as he had eternally supposed, specially created.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|One of the most common areas where we fail is when we begin to think that genetic make-up of a person determines how far he can lead". Leadership is learnt and practiced!
Allan Rufus, The Master's Sacred Knowledge|Hard work does not go unnoticed,and someday the rewards will follow
Dalai Lama XIV|I pray for all of us, oppressor and friend,that together we may succeed in building a better worldthrough human understanding and love,and that in doing so we may reducethe pain and suffering of all sentient beings.
David Lovelace, Scattershot: My Bipolar Family|Depression is a painfully slow, crashing death. Mania is the other extreme, a wild roller coaster run off its tracks, an eight ball of coke cut with speed. It's fun and it's frightening as hell. Some patients - bipolar type I - experience both extremes; other - bipolar type II - suffer depression almost exclusively. But the "mixed state," the mercurial churning of both high and low, is the most dangerous, the most deadly. Suicide too often results from the impulsive nature and physical speed of psychotic mania coupled with depression's paranoid self-loathing.
shielabsyou|If two people are destined to be together, they will bump to each other and fall in love in the RIGHT PLACE and in the RIGHT time.
Susanna Kearsley, Mariana|The past can teach us, nurture us, but it cannot sustain us. The essence of life is change, and we must move ever forward or the soul will wither and die.
R. A. Delmonico|Many of the things that grownups have chosen to ignore, the child understands deeply.
Rick Riordan, The Demigod Files|Percy: I thought I’d lost my mom forever, and I was stuck on a hill in a thunderstorm fighting this huge bull dude while Grover was passed out wailing. “Food!” It was terrifying, man.
Sri Chinmoy, The Jewels of Happiness: Inspiration and Wisdom to Guide Your Life-Journey|I love you, Daisy. I love you so much I hurt.
John Foster Dulles|In order to succeed you must fail, so that you know what not to do the next time.
Frank Black|And even Moonstruck - for some reason the audience were just in the mood for a very romantic film, because it's one of the few romantic comedies to be nominated for a Best Picture Oscar.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Positive belief leaves no room for excuses; it questions why the feats and quests cannot be attained. When your beliefs are strong enough, you will not define yourself on the basis of past and present limitations or life events. Your success can only be as big as the size of your beliefs, for it is the size of your beliefs that will either limit your dream or allow it to explode.
Laurie Perez, The Look of Amie Martine|Light, Amie, can be blinding when it first comes on. Lasers can be deadly, even when streaming from benevolence. We need perspective. We need it to seem wiser than us, tested and tempered by time.
William Tecumseh Sherman|If you go deeper and deeper into your own heart, you'll be living in a world with less fear, isolation and loneliness.
Bono|It is in my internal and external struggles, when it feels like someone is river-dancing on my last nerve, that the fruit of the Spirit is developed.
Criss Jami, Healology|Take lightly what you hear about individuals. We need not distort trust for our paltry little political agendas. We tend to trust soulless, carried information more than we trust soulful human beings; but really most people aren't so bad once you sit down and have an honest, one-on-one conversation with them, once, with an open heart, you listen to their explanations as to why they act the way they act, or say what they say, or do what they do.
Sarah Moore Fitzgerald, The Apple Tart of Hope|Learning to listen relationally, listen with cool heads and clear boundaries, listen with the quietness of the heart and the gentleness of the body, means having a self so developed it can afford to yield.
Ernst Haas|There is only you and your camera. The limitations in your photography are in yourself, for what we see is what we are.
Robert Vanleeuwen|How we give matters. If your thoughts & goals are selfish, than so be your fief. For it is through the heart that we prosper & through each other that we grow.
James Beard|When chickens get to live like chickens, they'll taste like chickens, too.
Raheel Farooq|Friends; the more, the less!
Naoki Higashida, The Reason I Jump: The Inner Voice of a Thirteen-Year-Old Boy with Autism|...the reason is that when we look at nature, we receive a sort of permission to be alive in this world...
Dave Chappelle|I never dreamt of being a musician for my livelihood. I certainly never would have wanted to be in the business that I'm in, meaning the fame and the glory, the glitter, the rock star, the famous part.
Lorna Sage, Bad Blood|The children of violently unhappy marriages, like my mother, are often hamstrung for life, but the children of happier marriages have problems too - all the worse, perhaps, because they don't have virtue on their side.
Rachel Bilson|When I was a child, the temptation to sin was always a romantic option. This romantic option led me to the cinema, a place where sin was welcome.
Sreesha Divakaran, Those Imperfect Strokes|You've fought for Winter so spectacularly, and I am more proud than I have ever been to call you my son. But don't forget to fight for yourself as well--there is no shame in that
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, Essence of Reality: A Clear Awareness of How Life Works|It must be obvious that the Reality we all encounter only works one way, and it functions that way regardless of what the experiencer believes.
Lisa Kessler, Legend of Love|Hunter walked out of the waves, and without any pretense, he wrapped her in his arms. She looked up at him, her eyes searing his.He bent his head lower, his voice a raspy whisper. "I've never met anyone like you.
Eleanor Brownn|Don’t set your sights low, just because someone else has a limited view of life’s possibilities. One person's comfort zone may be another person's cage.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|She is a compassionate Amazon forming a muse from misery, full of graphic words, she doesn't hide, she speaks, she writes, she uses words that individualise her, she goes deeper and people cannot grasp her, they are frustrated, she is condemned because she is herself, she puts her self in the world and the world misunderstands her because she is uncomfortable.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Cultivate confidence, and eradicate the need to control.
Scott Stabile|Why spend your time fighting to make a damaging reality work? Be willing to move on from the people and situations that don't serve your heart. You are capable of creating relationships and circumstances rooted in respect, equality and love. But you have to believe you deserve them.
B.Knight|Why do they [Americans] quarrel, why do they hate Negroes, Indians, even Germans, why do they not have science and poetry commensurate with themselves, why are there so many frauds and so much nonsense? I cannot soon give a solution to these questions ... It was clear that in the United States there was a development not of the best, but of the middle and worst sides of European civilization; the notorious general voting, the tendency to politics... all the same as in Europe. A new dawn is not to be seen on this side of the ocean.
Lewis Thomas|You know, as director of the CIA, I got an awful lot of intelligence about all the horrible things that could go on across the world.
Jon Kabat-Zinn, Wherever You Go, There You Are: Mindfulness Meditation in Everyday Life|YOU HAVE TO BE STRONG ENOUGH TO BE WEAKAllow yourself to feel whatever you are feeling. Notice any labels you attach to crying or feeling vulnerable. Let go of the labels. Just feel what you are feeling, all the while cultivating moment-to-moment awareness, riding the waves of “up” and “down,” “good” and “bad,” “weak” and “strong,” until you see that they are all inadequate to fully describe your experience. Be with the experience itself. Trust in your deepest strength of all: to be present, to be wakeful.
Russel H.S. Stolfi, Hitler: Beyond Evil and Tyranny|And in contrast to the Communist revolution in Russia and the Communist attempts at revolution in Germany from 1918 through 1923, Hitler's were virtually blood
Meghan Daum, The Unspeakable: And Other Subjects of Discussion|Supposing an emperor was persuaded to wear a new suit of clothes whose material was so fine that, to the common eye, the clothes weren't there. And suppose a little boy pointed out this fact in a loud, clear voice...Then you have The Story of the Emperor Who Had No Clothes.But if you knew a bit more, it would be The Story of the Boy Who Got a Well-Deserved Thrashing from His Dad for Being Rude to Royalty, and Was Locked Up.Or The Story of the Whole Crowd Who Were Rounded Up by the Guards and Told 'This Didn't Happen, OK? Does Anyone Want to Argue?'Or it could be a story of how a whole kingdom suddenly saw the benefit of the 'new clothes', and developed an enthusiasm for healthy sports in a lively and refreshing atmosphere which got many new adherents every year, and led to a recession caused by the collapse of the conventional clothing industry.It could even be a story about The Great Pneumonia Epidemic of '09.It all depends on how much you know.
Anupam Kher|The dilemma of modern medicine, and the underlying central flaw in medical education and, most of all, in the training of interns, is the irresistible drive to do something, anything. It is expected by patients and too often agreed to by their doctors, in the face of ignorance.
Stephenie Meyer, Twilight|Even more, I had never meant to love him. One thing I truly knew - knew it in the pit of my stomach, in the center of my bones, knew it from the crown of my head to the soles of my feet, knew it deep in my empty chest - was how love gave someone the power to break you
Mavis Gallant|In my youth I loved climbing and scrambling up rocks and mountains: now I seldom intrude on the dweller of a second story, and my greatest enemy or friend may avoid me altogether on the third; so humbled is the aspiring spirit of my youth.
Arash Pakravesh, Crusades|There are different types of fancy photographers. Some are big, fun personalities like Mario Testino, who once told me, “Lift your chin, darling, you are not eighteen.” I enjoyed his honesty. Also, I’m pretty sure he says that to models who are nineteen.
Erika Christensen|My mom did not have money. She was a single mom, on and off in periods between marriages. My husband, however, grew up on a wonderful farm in Tuscany, in Florence, and his family was so entertaining in terms of growing their own food and using the fruit of their land. We have very, very different experiences.
B.R. Ambedkar, Writings And Speeches: A Ready Reference Manual|Justice has always evoked ideas of equality, of proportion of compensation. Equity signifies equality. Rules and regulations, right and righteousness are concerned with equality in value.If all men are equal, then all men are of the same essence, and the common essence entitles them of the same fundamental rights and equal liberty... In short justice is another name of liberty, equality and fraternity.
Pablo Neruda|No, my dog used to gaze at me,paying me the attention I need,the attention requiredto make a vain person like me understandthat, being a dog, he was wasting time,but, with those eyes so much purer than mine,he’d keep on gazing at mewith a look that reserved for me aloneall his sweet and shaggy life,always near me, never troubling me,and asking nothing.
Martyn V. Halm, Reprobate: A Katla Novel|So I’m reading some poem by Louise . . . something, I forget her last name, but it’s about Hades and the underworld, and I don’t even notice that Paige has come up to my table until she says, ‘Doesn’t everyone want love?’ And I’m thinking, wow, that’s a pretty deep question, but then again Paige is really smart, and this is my chance to finally show her that I’m not just a dumb jock. So I say, ‘I heard this theory once that love means your subconscious is attracted to someone else’s subconscious.’”“Very deep,” Cade said.“Exactly. And I’m feeling proud of myself for that one, until she points to the book and says, ‘Oh, that wasn’t a question. I was just quoting a line from the poem.
Donald Rothberg, The Engaged Spiritual Life: A Buddhist Approach to Transforming Ourselves and the World|A shell in the pit," said I, "if the worst comes to worst will kill them all."The intense excitement of the events had no doubt left my perceptive powers in a state of erethism. I remember that dinner table with extraordinary vividness even now. My dear wife's sweet anxious face peering at me from under the pink lampshade, the white cloth with it silver and glass table furniture—for in those days even philosophical writers had luxuries—the crimson-purple wine in my glass, are photographically distinct. At the end of it I sat, tempering nuts with a cigarette, regretting Ogilvy's rashness, and denouncing the shortsighted timidity of the Martians.So some respectable dodo in the Mauritius might have lorded it in his nest, and discussed the arrival of that shipful of pitiless sailors in want of animal food. "We will peck them to death tomorrow, my dear.
Janice Galloway, The Trick Is to Keep Breathing|No matter how dark the room gets I can always see. It looks emptier when I put the lights on so I don't do it if I can help it. Brightness disagrees with me: it hurts my eyes, wastes electricity and encourages moths, all sorts of things. I sit in the dark for a number of reasons.
Ellen Litman, Mannequin Girl|My heart is not brave or big. It is not cruel either. It is not strong at all. I keep it within this iron cage for a reason. Breathe on it wrong and I will die... Just go now. I would rather let you see my face, than my heart.
Graham Greene, The End of the Affair|I want men to admire me, but that's a trick you learn at school--a movement of the eyes, a tone of voice, a touch of the hand on the shoulder or the head. If they think you admire them, they will admire you because of your good taste, and when they admire you, you have an illusion for a moment that there's something to admire.
Ben Shapiro|No human heart is denied empathy. No religion can demolish that by indoctrination. No culture, no nation and nationalism - nothing can touch it because it is empathy.
Ralph Ellison, Invisible Man|...she was something more- a force, a stable, familiar force like something out of my past which kept me from whirling off into some unknown which I dared not face. It was a most painful position for at the same time Mary reminded me constantly that something was expected of me, some act of leadership, some newsworthy achievement;...
Pella Grace, Knock Love Out|Well, I can hardly lick champagne off your dazzling personality, now can I?
Malcolm X|Coming generations will learn equality from poverty, and love from woes.
Ellen Goodman|I think there are more politicians in favor of electric cars than against. There are still some that are against, and I think the reasoning for that varies depending on the person, but in some cases, they just don't believe in climate change - they think oil will last forever.
Benson Bruno, A Story That Talks about Talking Is Like Chatter to Chattering Teeth, and Every Set of Dentures Can Attest to the Fact That No..|That streetside tree is obscuring the air. Cut it down. Haul it in for questioning. There are secrets within that foliage. You might want to separate the branches in different rooms and apply some elementary game theory.”“Question a plant?”“Trees have a will too, just like people. We have to know it’s purpose. Read Schopenhauer.”“Schopenwho?”“He was the only authentic German. You might like him. Being a police officer, you’re undoubtedly familiar with the need to put an end to the lives of the perverse when sex crimes go too far. Now just generalize that necessity to every human being.
Henri Cole, Pierce the Skin: Selected Poems, 1982-2007|You see, my mind takes me far, but my heart dreams of return.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|It's easy, there's a trick to it, you do it or you die.
Darlenne Susan Girard, freefalling|I know the difference between right and wrong. Right is when I do everything he tells me to. Wrong is when I question why. But every now and then a simple slap across the side of the head is a good way to remind me." - excerpt from: freefalling
Richelle Mead, Frostbite|Roza." His voice had that same wonderful lowness, the same accent . . . itwas all just colder. "You forgot my first lesson: Don’t hesitate.
Sanober  Khan|Love, bemysticalas the flickering blue flameof nightas the fully-awokenmoonbeneath cobwebsof passing cloudsamidst chantinghigh-tidesfuzzy,as my blanketbig enough to illuminate a hundredthousand billion galaxiesand just small enough to fitinto my embrace.
Iveta Cherneva|Jumping from boulder to boulder and never falling, with a heavy pack, is easier than it sounds; you just can't fall when you get into the rhythm of the dance.
Sinclair B. Ferguson, The Christian Life: A Doctrinal Introduction|The knowledge of our union with Christ...gives us confidence in prayer. It was when Jesus had begun to expound the closeness of this union that he also began to introduce the disciples to the true heart of prayer. If Christ abides in us and we abide in him, as his word dwells in us, and we pray in his name, that God hears us (Jn 15:4-7). But all of these expressions are simply extensions of the one fundamental idea: If I am united to Christ, then all that is his is mine. So long as my heart, will and mind are one with Christ's in his word, I can approach God with the humble confidence that my prayers will be heard and answered.
Jules Barbey d'Aurevilly, Les Diaboliques|…growing pale and sober with the thought that her fate was soon to be decided; for, like all young people, she was sure that her whole life could be settled by one human creature, quite forgetting how wonderfully Providence trains us by disappointment, surprises us with unexpected success, and turns our seeming trials into blessing.
Iain H. Murray|How exhausted I am suddenly!—though this has been Ray’s best day in the hospital so far, and we are feeling—almost—exhilarated.
Martha Beck|There is clearly a constituency that appreciates the message that Google is sending, that it finds the Chinese government's attitude to the Internet and censorship unacceptable.
Michael Bentine, Doors of the Mind|And I want to kiss you every day, but not just because I'm saying goodbye.
Franco Santoro|The time we need in order to heal our wounds and finally manifest our deepest dreams is only as long as the gap between two thoughts. These are thoughts in polarity, such as separation and unity, conflict and peace, misery and joy, hate and love, etc. Since as human beings we are all capable of experiencing both thoughts, the only skill we need to develop involves mastering the GAP.
Eula Biss, Notes from No Man's Land: American Essays|It neither kills outright nor inflicts apparent physical harm, yet the extent of its destructive toll is already greater than that of any war, plague, famine, or natural calamity on record - and its potential damage to the quality of human life and the fabric of civilized society is beyond calculation. For that reason this sickness of the soul might well be called the 'Fifth Horseman of the Apocalypse.' Its more conventional name, of course, is dehumanization.
Timothy Zahn, Star Wars: Thrawn|Each person has goals. Some goals are open, visible to all who care to observe. Others are more private, shared only with one's closest friends or associates.Some are dark secrets that one hopes will never see the light of day. But eventually, inevitably, those deepest goals must be made manifest if they are to be reached. They must be opened for someone to hear, or see, or offer assistance.Everyone who brings those goals into the light must be prepared for either acceptance or rejection. And he must be ready to bear the consequence.All of them.
William H. McRaven|Together with a culture of work, there must be a culture of leisure as gratification. To put it another way: people who work must take the time to relax, to be with their families, to enjoy themselves, read, listen to music, play a sport.
Peter Stamm, All Days Are Night|If it’s reality you want, I suggest you look out the window.
Elizabeth Hoyt, Scandalous Desires|A moderate silence ensued. A neutral-to-slightly-positive silence. True, silence is still silence, except when you think about it too much.
Tim Kreider, We Learn Nothing|It was another country. It was a country for the young, a country where you died before you got old.
Fridtjof Nansen|I want you, Elaine. I want your mind, your soul, your body. I want you as my mate. I offer you my soul—right now. Right here. Take it all—take everything I am,” he murmured, his lips grazing the corner of her mouth. “…and I’ll even let you keep your clothes on.” She looked up at him, gasping at his boldness. In that instance, Ian’s lips slanted across hers in a consuming, mind-numbing, heart-stopping kiss. She moaned against his mouth, drinking in his groan before pulling back, chest heaving. “We’re in church, Ian,” she panted. “God can hear us.” His lips curled into a small, knowing smile. “I’m counting on that, love.
Deyth Banger|I believe that all people from the humanity which are dead. Aren't really dead, they are just out of the stage and they are on the chairs and they are watching the Endless Film.
Hina Hashmi, Your Life A Practical Guide to Happiness Peace and Fulfilment|When you are close to divine and get guidance from the divine, life becomes easy. Intuition is where peace, magic and glory are.
Chris Rock|I don't know what a person does that does not have a relationship with God. When he goes to the doctor and the doctors says, 'Hey, you've got less than two months to live and there's nothing we can do for you.' Who do they turn to when you're given something that earth shattering?
Laurie Lee, Cider With Rosie|Blame is a Defense Against PowerlessnessBetrayal trauma changes you. You have endured a life-altering shock, and are likely living with PTSD symptoms— hypervigilance, flashbacks and bewilderment—with broken trust, with the inability to cope with many situations, and with the complete shut down of parts of your mind, including your ability to focus and regulate your emotions.Nevertheless, if you are unable to recognize the higher purpose in your pain, to forgive and forget and move on, you clearly have chosen to be addicted to your pain and must enjoy playing the victim.And the worst is, we are only too ready to agree with this assessment! Trauma victims commonly blame themselves. Blaming oneself for the shame of being a victim is recognized by trauma specialists as a defense against the extreme powerlessness we feel in the wake of a traumatic event. Self-blame continues the illusion of control shock destroys, but prevents us from the necessary working through of the traumatic feelings and memories to heal and recover.
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|The more you read, the less apt you are to make a fool of yourself with your pen or word processor.
Ricky Maye, Barefoot Christianity: The Rough Road Ahead in the Life of a Jesus Follower|Don’t ever forget you are beautiful, although your life, your past and your present situation may be ugly. You are beautiful.
Hope Mirrlees, Lud-in-the-Mist|As Master Nathaniel jogged leisurely along his thoughts turned to the Farmer Gibberty, who many a time must have jogged along this path, in just such a way, and seen and heard the very same things that he was seeing and hearing now.Yes, the Farmer Gibberty had once been a real living man, like himself. And so had millions of others, whose names he had never heard. And one day he himself would be a prisoner, confined between the walls of other people's memory. And then he would cease even to be that, and become nothing but a few words cut in stone. What would these words be, he wondered.
Naomi Wolf|I simply do not think that yelling, swearing, threatening or belittling will get you to the place you want to be faster than kindness, understanding, patience and a little willingness to compromise.
Robert Galbraith, The Silkworm|In a city like Paris where there was a way of living well and working, no matter how poor you were, was like having a great treasure given to you.
Anthony Green|They say what doesn't kill the soul will make you stronger, but you can't be a stone-hearted man.
Joan Didion, Blue Nights|The greatest source of security our children have in this world is a God-honoring, Christ-centered marriage between their parents.
Eric Roth, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button Screenplay|Our lives are defined by opportunities, even the ones we miss.
Steven Magee|In a natural environment, nature controls the breeding cycles. In the man-made environment, abnormal environmental conditions control the unnatural breeding cycles.
Sonnia Kemmer|Being a writer means expressing with passion your imagination, nightmares, dreams, experiences and reality through words on paper. You are a successful writer when readers criticize, get emotionally affected by, and praise your written work. As a writer, rejections are paths to success. Being prepared for it is like wearing a powerful armor in battles unknown. Continue to write. It is a writer's mighty shield and weapon.
Erik Pevernagie|I didn't know that my life forever changing would be because you loved me and then left, and in such a final way.
Jay Asher, Thirteen Reasons Why|I didn't feel physically sick. But mentally. My mind was twisting in so many ways. (...) We once saw a documentary on migraines. One of the men interviewed used to fall on his knees and bang his head against the floor, over and over during attacks. This diverted the pain from deep inside his brain, where he couldn't reach it, to a pain outside that he had control over.
Belsebuub, Self-Knowledge for Spiritual Awakening|Consciousness cannot be glimpsed as though it were something outside yourself, because it is you.
Laini Taylor|Home. the word always had air quotes around it in her mind. She'd done what she could to make her flat cozy, filling it with art, books, ornate lanterns, and a Persian carpet as soft as lynx fur. And of course there were her angel wings taking up one whole wall. But there was no help for the real emptiness; its close air was stirred by no breath but her own. When she was alone, the empty place within her, the missingness, as she thought of it, seemed to swell. Even being with Kaz had done something to keep it at bay, though not enough. Never enough.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|The human voice is still the most paramount vessel or weapon to use, to uphold justice and to protest against injustice.
Mark Driscoll, Real Marriage: The Truth About Sex, Friendship, and Life Together|If my words don't flow out of a heart that rests in God's control, sovereignty, then they come out of the heart that seeks control so I can get what I want.
Van Morrison|and I shall watch the ferry boats, and they'll get high, on a bluer ocean against tomorrow's sky. and i will never grow so old again, and i will walk and talk, in gardens all wet with rain...
Rick Warren|No life's worth more than any other, no sister worth less than any brother.
Debasish Mridha|What you see with your eyes are transient and ephemeral,What you see through your heart is everlasting and eternal.
Joseph Goldstein, A Heart Full of Peace|The tremendous danger is that this belief - that genuine happiness comes only from pleasant feelings - becomes a strong motivation to stay closed to anything unpleasant. But by staying closed to all unpleasantness, we also stay closed to our own wellspring of compassion.
Corneliu Zelea Codreanu|If you consume animal derived foods or use other animal derived products you are by no stretch of the imagination an "environmentalist." You are a rank hypocrite.
Julie Halpern, Get Well Soon|When I die, I want them to bury me facedown and ass up so that the whole world can kiss my ass!
John Dolan, Everyone Burns|How often – I continue reflecting – is it that we see what we want to see, rather than what is really before our eyes. In the trade we call this confirmation bias, and our brains are riddled with it. We take a position on something and thereafter only see whatever confirms that position, ignoring all evidence to the contrary.
Greg Hamerton, Second Sight|If you see the dragon fly,best you drink the flagon dry.”—Zarost
Anna Akhmatova, The Complete Poems of Anna Akhmatova|This cruel age has deflected me,like a river from this course.Strayed from its familiar shores,my changeling life has flowedinto a sister channel.How many spectacles I've missed:the curtain rising without me,and falling too. How many friendsI never had the chance to meet.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann|When you are offered a miracle take it. Otherwise, show God your tail so he can move on and give it to someone who doesn't want to be in hell any more.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|Love was never meant to be contained solely in our hearts, just as life in a seed was always meant to break through into the world and become beauty to be shared.
Patrick O'Brian|You’re a lady. It’s written all over you, but the West doesn’t forgive any woman-unless she’s got a man.
Samael Aun Weor|Each meditation should last hours - three, four, six hours.
Monica|People shouldn't look at me and think life is one big piece of glamour. That's the marketing, the spin. Life is challenging. But I have courage, strength, and enough good health to see the positive.
Ricky Martin|Above all, remember that God looks for solid virtues in us, such as patience, humility, obedience, abnegation of your own will - that is, the good will to serve Him and our neighbor in Him. His providence allows us other devotions only insofar as He sees that they are useful to us.
Akansh Malik, Love Heals Everything|Even a friendship needs an effort from both sides, how can we expect a relationship to work from the effort of one..!! It should be a true-hearted commitment from both involve.
Eleanor Roosevelt|We have to make these young people (of the Depression) feel that they are necessary. (They should be given) "certain things for which youth craves – the chance for self-sacrifice for an ideal.
Alan Dershowitz|Even if we mortgage the next 100 years of generations of human beings, we would not have enough energy to build a Death Star.
Joe Jamail|Part of us believes the new car is better because it lasts longer. But, in fact, that's the worst thing about the new car. It will stay around to disappoint you, whereas a trip to Europe is over. It evaporates. It has the good sense to go away, and you are left with nothing but a wonderful memory.
Abhijit Naskar, Principia Humanitas|Survive, survive and survive – these are the quintessential laws of Nature. But survive does not always mean being mean.
Anna White, Mended: Thoughts on Life, Love, and Leaps of Faith|The most amazing thing is that all my sorrows, all of my darkest moments, are becoming my gifts.
Elsa Barkley Brown|Ex-slaves, in large part, shared a different economic vision. They were "always on the move," searching for family, denying their labor to "dishonest or oppressive employers," and asserting their independence through their mobility. Rather than staying in place, working as much as possible for a high a wage as possible, and thus possibly accumulating a greater array of material good, a large number of freedpeople sought not to maximize income but to minimize the amount of "time spent at work on other people's behalf.
Pablo Neruda|De pronto no puedo decirtelo que yo te debo decir,hombre,perdóname; sabrásque aunque no escuches mis palabrasno me eché a llorar ni a dormiry que contigo estoy sin vertedesde hace tiempo y hasta el fin.I can't just suddenly tell youwhat I should be telling you,friend, forgive me; you knowthat although you don't hear my words,I wasn't asleep or in tears,that I am with you without seeing youfor a good long time and until the end.
Stephen King|I'm always interested in trying to investigate different personalities. I want to keep myself guessing and keep the fear element alive, so that I don't get too comfortable.
Walter Hagen|I'm proud of myself, people love me and respect me, and I like me. I like who I am.
John Jay, The Federalist Papers|It has often given my pleasure to observe, that independent America was not composed of detached and distant territories, but that one connected fertile, wide-spreading country was the portion of our western sons of liberty. Providence has in a particular manner blessed it with a variety of soils and productions, and watered it with innumerable streams, for the delight and accommodation of its inhabitants. A succession of navigable waters form a kind of chain round its borders, as if to bind them together; while the most noble rivers in the world, running at convenient distances, present them with highways for the easy communication of friendly aids, and the mutual transportation of their various ties. With equal pleasure I have as often taken notice, that Providence has been pleased to give us this one connected country to one united people -a people descended from the same ancestors, speaking the same language, professing the same religion, attached to the same principles of government, very similar in their manners and customs, and who, by they their joint counsels, arms, and efforts, fighting side by side throughout a long and bloody war, have nobly established general liberty and independence.
Lionel Suggs|One with true creativity can erase their one past, and replace it with an infinite number of pasts, creating new possibilities for the future.
Paulo Coelho, Veronika Decides to Die|Then she opened her eyes, Veronika did not think 'this must be heaven'. Heaven would never use a fluorescent tube to light a room, and the pain - which started a fraction of a second later - was typical of the Earth. Ah, that Earth pain - unique, unmistakable.
John Jeremiah Sullivan, The Best American Essays 2014|As much as you might hate me, you can’t change the fact that I know you, Lily. And no matter how many times you say you’re fine and everything is good, you should remember that I know when you’re lying.
Sara Sheridan|some stories are sudden like an inhale, some are overcoming like the tides, some, we name mistake, some are called lessons. Stories...tragic, romantic, comedy. We make them, they make us .
Charlaine Harris, Dead to the World|Because he sounded so lost-the Eric I knew had never been one to do anything other than assume others should serve him-I patted around under the covers for his hand. When I found it, I slid my own over it. His palm was turned up to meet my palm, and his fingers clasped mine. And though I would not have thought it possible to go to sleep holding hands with a vampire, that's exactly what I did.
Paul Waters, Of Merchants & Heroes|Maximus was my model for self-control, fixity of purpose, and cheerfulness under ill-health or other misfortunes. His character was an admirable combination of dignity and charm, and all the duties of his station were performed quietly and without fuss. He gave everyone the conviction that he spoke as he believed, and acted as he judged right. Bewilderment or timidity were unknown to him; he was never hasty, never dilatory; nothing found him at a loss. He indulged neither in despondency nor forced gaiety, nor had anger or jealousy any power over him. Kindliness, sympathy, and sincerity all contributed to give the impression of a rectitude that was innate rather than inculcated. Nobody was ever made by him to feel inferior, yet none could have presumed to challenge his pre-eminence. He was also the possessor of an agreeable sense of humour.
Frank Gehry|Pageants are already ridiculous and sad, I think.
Joss Whedon|Spike: Bloody hell, woman, you're cutting off my circulation!Buffy: You don't have any circulation.Spike: Well, it pinches
Mehmet Murat ildan|Let our road be long, let it be very long, let it be very very long and in fact let our road be infinite! Travel means flow, flow means life!
William Carlos Williams, Kora in Hell|There is nothing sacred about literature, it is damned from one end to the other. There is nothing in literature but change and change is mockery. I'll write whatever I damn please, whenever I damn please and as I damn please and it'll be good if the authentic spirit of change is on it.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Hush, Hush|Right then, I wanted to go back in time and relive every moment with him. One more secret smile, one more shared laugh. One more electric kiss. Finding him was like finding someone I didn't know I was searching for. He’d come into my life too late, and now was leaving too soon. I remembered him telling me he’d give up everything for me. He already had.
Veronica Roth, Insurgent|Every human relationship begins with a coincidence. Even the most fundamental relationship - that of parent and child - begins entirely with a coincidence. The child is produced by whatever serendipity brought its parents together, and the fact that the child was born to its particular parents instead of to another couple is pure happenstance. Thus, children have no choice over the relationship that is most important to their existence.By contrast, friends and lovers choose each other, but even these choices are reactions to whatever random coincidence made the resulting relationship possible.
Talbot Mundy, Hira Singh|One of the reasons for this cataclysmic change of destinies was the inherent weakness of a decaying agricultural empire of the Mughals which after more than two hundred years of rule over vast areas of India, was at its terminal stage and needed a small push to crumble like a house of cards.That push was given by six East India Companies of different European countries which had extracted rights to trade with India from the Mughals but transformed themselves as the arbiters and protectors of several Indian states. In this process they not only became rich but also militarily strong because in the twilight years of the Mughal empire, deteriorating security environment necessitated to arm themselves to protect their economic interests. Because of their inherent superiority as representatives of rising industrial powers, they had access to modern techniques and technology of warfare, which turned out to be the decisive factor in capturing vast territories in India.
Sangu Mandanna, The Lost Girl|You,” he says, before the door closes all the way. “I often dream of you.
Ashish Patel|Home is the place I can live with myself, without hating myself.
Michele L. Rivera, With a Purpose|This is the difference time createsWe bleed our misbehaviorAnd in silent prayer, repentIt is only necessary that we fall away againInto love
Kathryn Davis|Two adolescent girls on a hot summer night--hardly the material of great literature, which tends to endow all male experience (that of those twin brothers who found themselves adrift so many years ago in the dark northern woods for instance) with universal radiance. Faithless sons, wars and typhoons, fields of blood, greed and knives: our literature's full of such stories. And yet suppose for an instant that it wasn't the complacent father but his bored daughter who was the Prime Mover; suppose that what came first wasn't an appetite for drama but the urge to awaken it. Mightn't we then permit a single summer in the lives of two bored girls to represent an essential stage in the history of the universe?
Adam S. McHugh, Introverts in the Church: Finding Our Place in an Extroverted Culture|When introverts go to church, we crave sanctuary in every sense of the word, as we flee from the disorienting distractions of twenty-first-century life. We desire to escape from superficial relationships, trivial communications and the constant noise that pervade our world, and find rest in the probing depths of God's love.
Peter Hammill|When you look at art made by other people, you see what you need to see in it.
Jay Woodman|50 Zen, read shit.... BECOME MASTER!
John Gurdon|As I've told Tyler, there's not a really easy place between being single and being married for us now. We're just so busy that the logistics of our career make dating impossible. I think I'll find a girl at some point that makes all of the extra work and effort that needs to be put into it worth it. But for right now, I just date my drums.
Michael Jordan|If taxes are laid upon us in any shape without our having a legal representation where they are laid, are we not reduced from the character of free subjects to the miserable state of tributary slaves? We claim British rights not by charter only! We are born to them.
Shweta Ganesh Kumar, A Newlywed’s Adventures in Married Land|Why did they have kids then? Why did they have children if they didn’t want to love and nurture them? Weren’t you supposed to cherish every moment you got with your kids? The wives sounded like the only reason to have children was to fulfill some ridiculous social contract that apparently was co- signed when we signed away our single status. If all you wanted to do was to get on with your life, while the hired help took care of bringing up your child, why have one? There was a simpler option. Just don’t have them. There were enough unwanted children in the world already.
Rachel Hawthorne, Full Moon|Falling in love should be the easiest thing in the world, but it's not.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Distinctive Footprints of Life: Where Are You Heading Towards?|Books may be irrelevant until it's relevance, importance and purpose is discovered through reading
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|Every new self-discovery leads you to more wholeness, opens your heart, makes you humble, and a better person to serve and love others.
Anthony Liccione|Thoughts are like an open ocean, they can either move you forward within its waves, or sink you under deep into its abyss.
Atul Kumar Sharma|If you wanna live long, live your Passion.
Shannon Kopp, Pound for Pound: A Story of One Woman's Recovery and the Shelter Dogs Who Loved Her Back to Life|So many nights, I stared out at the inky black ocean, believing that if I could only learn how to eat again and keep my hands out of my throat, that would be enough. I prayed hard and desperately to God and the sun and the moon and the ocean and the universe and every shelter dog I’d ever met, as if they were all genies, that I wouldn’t ask for anything more.But perhaps God isn’t a collection of genies, and perhaps it’s okay to hope for more than relief. To hope big. To hope for Sunny’s limitless capacity to love.
Henry Norris Russell|Whatever ought to be, can be.
Jeff Wheeler, The Wretched of Muirwood|How beautiful to touch another's soul with a word, a gesture, a thought.
Bryce Dallas Howard|I was raised by free-spirited people, though my father gave me a very strong work ethic.
Arsalan Khan|Wrong, asshole. Your body makes you male. Your brain and your heart—big and strong as ever—they make you a man.
Jim Butcher, Cold Days|You think some are bad or evil or whatnot, but somewhere along the way they were someone's baby, suckling the teat like anybody. Then something puts a volt in 'em and they ain't the same no more.
Henry Ward Beecher|Success? You can't get a big head about it. When people stare at me, they could be whispering to their friend, 'That guy sucks! Have you seen him before? He's horrible.'
Mark Andrew Poe|God begins the process of perfecting us from the moment we are converted from unbelief to faith in Christ. The Holy Spirit regenerates us. He give us a new heart with a new set of holy desires (Ezek. 36:26). He transforms our stubborn wills. He opens our hearts to embrace the truth rather than reject it. He enables us to believe rather than doubt. He gives us a hunger for righteousness an a desire for Him. And thus the new birth transforms the inner person. From that point on, everything that occurs in our lives - good or bad - God uses to move us toward being like Christ (Rom. 8:28-30).
J.M. Coetzee, Disgrace|A risk to own anything : a car, a pair of shoes, a packet of cigarettes. Not enough to go around. Not enough shoes, cars, cigarettes. Too many people too few things. What there is must go into circulation, so that everyone can have a chance to be happy for a day.
Russell Anthony Gibbs, The Six Principles of Enlightenment and Meaning of Life|Anything that you could possibly imagine is already out there in another universe. If you are open to it, you can tap into all other realities for knowledge, strength, courage or whatever you need or desire.
Ryan Gosling|I made video art for quite a long time, and I made this video covering myself in burgers and dancing to Major Lazer and doing covers of Britney Spears songs... I can't remember how I got there, but my teacher said he'd have to fail me because it had mild nudity.
Jack Kerouac|Way far back in the beginning of the world was the whirlwind warning that we could all be blown away like chips and cry- Men with tired eyes realize it now, and wait to deform and decay- with maybe they have the power of love yet in their hearts just the same, I just don't know what that word means anymore- All I want is an ice cream cone
Karl Marx|Natural disasters are terrifying - that loss of control, this feeling that something is just going to randomly end your life for absolutely no reason is terrifying. But, what scares me is the human reaction to it and how people behave when the rules of civility and society are obliterated.
Andrew Hussie|Until you get to know them in person, anyone you correspond with online remains a stranger.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The more we read, the more we discover.
- Felicity Chapman, Connected: Bonds Deep|Looking down from a fork in the tree, a little girl shivers in the bitter autumn wind. She could be inside in the warmth. Inside; amidst all the smelly pots and pans and piles of dirty clothes. The darkened lounge room flickering out a constant reel of cartoons; the light outside strangled as it tries to valiantly penetrate curtains too hard for a child to open.Michelle had gone into her Auntie’s room, as she had done many times before, to say that she will just be outside. ‘Okay my dearie,’ came the exhausted reply. There Patricia lay, her crumpled hair peeping out from the blankets. The stale, sour, smell of too much hibernation trapped in that tiny room. Her frayed sequin shoes left discarded near the door. The feather cap hanging limply from her dresser door, waiting for life to ride underneath it once again and for the wind to make it shimmer with delight. Michelle had walked outside, hoping that this canyon of loneliness would not follow her down the stairs. Out into the sounds of activity, the fresh waft of sea air, and the theatrical display of birdlife. There, Michelle now sits, watching it all as she reunites with the silent strength of her tree.
Yahtzee Croshaw, Jam|I've been known to be contrary. When something pushes me, I shove back. Even if the one doing the pushing is me. It would have been easy to gut him then and there. Satisfying. But the need was too urgent. I felt pushed.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|To make matters even more complicated, research has shown that we remember only 25-50 percent of what we hear. This inclination not only compromises our connection with another person, but we can fail to retain vital information. All this evidence demonstrates that it is imperative that we intentionally pay closer attention and strive to become an in-depth listener.
Christopher Henry Dawson, Understanding Europe|...the establishment of a universal system of public education inevitably changed the relations of education to the state.It is this above all else which has caused the mind of our society to lose its independence, so that there is no power left outside politics to guide modern civilization, when the politicians go astray. For in proportion as education becomes controlled by the state, it becomes nationalized, and in extreme cases the servant of a political party.
John Rowland|It's like learning a language; you can't speak a language fluently until you find out who you are in that language, and that has as much to do with your body as it does with vocabulary and grammar.
Shea Ernshaw|Sometimes your garden surprises you. You don't remember planting strawberries or mint, but there it is, rising up in the middle of the carrot patch. Maybe the seeds blew in from the neighbor's garden. Or maybe they were buried in the dirt and you unearthed them when you tilled the soil. Or maybe you're reaping what you've sown. However it happened, you now have unexpected bounty. Accept it with gratitude.
Jay Danzie|Your smile is your logo, your personality is your business card, how you leave others feeling after having an experience with you becomes your trademark.
Thomas Szasz, Cruel Compassion: Psychiatric Control of Society's Unwanted|The young and the old are defenseless against relatives who want to get rid of them by casting them in the role of mental patient,and against psychiatrists whose livelihood depends on defining them as mentally ill.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Sweep aside those hatred-eaten mystics, who pose as friends of humanity and preach that the highest virtue man can practice is to hold his own life as of no value. Do they tell you that the purpose of morality is to curb man’s instinct of self-preservation? It is for the purpose of self-preservation that man needs a code of morality. The only man who desires to be moral is the man who desires to live.
Marshall McLuhan|Truly, more than removing the partition between vectors and values, we would have needed to talk about strengthening crisscrossed lacings: an intertwined kind of understanding that would de-ideologize 'ideologies,' desanctify sanctities, but also mentalize the material bases of systems of inscription, and psychoanalyze not souls but tools. That is, in one and the same gesture, make our mnemo-technic equipment intelligible as mentality and our mental equipment intelligible as technology.
George Gordon Byron|The great object of life is sensation- to feel that we exist, even though in pain.
Aysha Taryam|For the perpetrator, rape lasts just a matter of minutes. For the victim, it never stops.
Aniruddha Sastikar|The key to the Hercules Method is to focus your mind, body and spirit towards one goal. By bringing all three into alignment, the physical enthusiast can bring all of them under conscious control. Such control is the key to change.
Boris Pasternak, Doctor Zhivago|It seemed as if the valley were not always girded by woods, growing on the surrounding hills and facing away from the horizon, but the trees had only taken up their places now, rising out of the ground to offer their condolences. He almost waved away the tangible beauty of the hour like a crowd of persistent friends, almost said to the lingering afterglow, 'thank you, thank you, I'll be all right.' 
Nocturnus Libertus|After he had fully determined that the young man was at the bottom of this state of affairs, and that it all came from him, he Jean Valjean, the regenerated man, the man who had laboured so much upon his soul, the man who had made so many efforts to resolve all life, all misery, and all misfortune into love; he looked within himself, and there he saw a spectre, Hatred.
Felix Abt|Just finished [Capitalist in North Korea]—fascinating! What an experience. Wow." —Justin Rohrlich, Emmy Award Winner, Head Writer, Minyanville's World In Review
Stephen King, 'Salem's Lot|You might not believe in the devil, but do you believe evil lurks in this world?
Hans Rosling|Anyone graduating from medical school in 1966 had first to fulfill military service before launching a career. Fiercely opposed to the Vietnam War, I sought to avoid it through an assignment to the Public Health Service.
Lydia Netzer, How to Tell Toledo from the Night Sky|You can learn new things at any time in your life if you're willing to be a beginner. If you actually learn to like being a beginner, the whole world opens up to you.
Lisa Ann Sandell, A Map of the Known World|When I reach the end of one row, I continue straight on away from the barn and the farm and the road. I walk until I come to a pile of hay bales and plop myself down. The sun is bright and the air is sharp. In the distance I hear the lowing of cows. It's so peaceful here."Merry Christmas, " I whisper to myself. "Merry Christmas, Nate.
Julieanne O'Connor, SPELLING IT OUT FOR YOUR CAREER|Life's unpredictable path and length, should be enough to make you want to take a chance.
Ann Cotton|Excitement in education and student productivity, the ability to get a result that you want from students, go together and cannot be separated.
Mrs. Charles E. Cowman|...it occurred to me that maybe Samson's hair wasn't the source of his strength; maybe it was the symbol of his strength. And maybe when Delilah cut off his hair, he didn't lose his power because he lost his hair; he just woke up the next morning and looked in the mirror, and suddenly for the life of him couldn't remember who he was.
S.A. Tawks, Misadventurous|Where the signposts end, the trail begins.
Fernán Caballero|Happiness! There is no word with more meanings, each person understands it in his own way.
Mateo Cabello, Of Mountains and Men|The Polish journalist Ryszard Kapuscinski, acclaimed as the most brilliant and perceptive reporter of his time, writes in "Travels with Herodotus" that with every new town visited, with every new foreign word learnt, the traveller experiences small, almost imperceptible personal changes. Wherever you go becomes part of you and the person who returns home is never the same as before departing. Knowing new people is in many ways like travelling, and those who you meet along your road become part of your existence too.
Judy Greer|None of us got where we are solely by pulling ourselves up by our bootstraps. We got here because somebody - a parent, a teacher, an Ivy League crony or a few nuns - bent down and helped us pick up our boots.
Anthony Fauci|It was easy for Sanford to have a bully pulpit as governor. It's another thing to be in the trenches, having to face leadership, and say, 'No, that's not a conservative position, that's not what we're doing.'
Pearl S. Buck|If you look into your own heart, and you find nothing wrong there, what is there to worry about? What is there to fear?
Debasish Mridha|A flower may die after giving beauty, love, and joy, but it will not vanish. It will transform into a fruit of eternal joy.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With courage, confident and commitment, the dream is possible.
M.F. Moonzajer, A moment with God ; Poetry|She has a smile that grows slowly and then shines, like an angel’s smile.
Robert Henri|If a certain activity, such as painting, becomes the habitual mode of expression, it may follow that taking up the painting materials and beginning work with them will act suggestively and so presently evoke a flight into the higher state.
Charles Dickens|There was a long hard time when I kept far from me, the remembrance of what I had thrown away when I was quite ignorant of its worth. But, since my duty has not been incompatible with the admission of that remembrance, I have given it a place in my heart.
Anita B. Sulser PhD|You cannot conquer the mind of a man, if you do not know his heart and you cannot win over his heart, if so you do not know his mind.
Rabih Alameddine|Fate would never permit happiness to a man of such talent-a content poet is a mediocre one, a happy poet is insufferable.
G.K. Chesterton, A Miscellany of Men|Among the rich you will never find a really generous man even by accident. They may give their money away, but they will never give themselves away; they are egotistic, secretive, dry as old bones. To be smart enough to get all that money you must be dull enough to want it.
Jenny  Lawson|I can tell you that "Just cheer up" is almost universally looked at as the most unhelpful depression cure ever. It's pretty much the equivalent of telling someone who just had their legs amputated to "just walk it off.
Barbara Jordan|Change is vital, improvement the logical form of change.
Ally Condie, Reached|The pain wants to eat me away. I wish I could have one without the other, but that's the problem with being alive. You don't usually get to choose the measure of suffering or the degree of joy you have.
Leonard Boswell|Censorship, like charity, should begin at home, but, unlike charity, it should end there.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Three things have a limited threshold:Time, pain, and death.While truth, love, and knowledge –Are boundless.
Ellen Hopkins, Burned|I do know this. It's the things we run from that hurt us the most." –Brad Sturdevant
Sunday Adelaja|If we don’t know who we are, we conceal our true selves and wear the image of others
Jeffrey A.  White|Mindful leadership keeps you cool and energetic in any situation, so that you can make the best possible decisions.
Ahmad Ardalan, The Gardener of Baghdad|I know a feeling like that only comes once in a lifetime, and I think you should follow your heart’s desires. I believe in love, and I know love conquers all.
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|Maybe you can afford to wait. Maybe for you there's a tomorrow. Maybe for you there's one thousand tomorrows, or three thousand, or ten, so much time you can bathe in it, roll around it, let it slide like coins through you fingers. So much time you can waste it.But for some of us there's only today. And the truth is, you never really know.
Stephen R. Covey, The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People: Powerful Lessons in Personal Change|Habit is the intersection of knowledge (what to do), skill (how to do), and desire (want to do).
Hermann Hesse|If a night-moth were to concentrate its will on flying to a star or some equally unattainable object, it wouldn't succeed. Only, it wouldn't even try in the first place. A moth confines its search to what has sense and value for it, what it needs, what is indispensable to its life... if I imagined that I wanted under all circumstances to get to the North Pole, then to achieve it I would have to desire it strongly enough that my whole being was ruled by it. But if I were to decide to will that the pastor should stop wearing his glasses, it would be useless. That would be making a game of it.
Gregory E. Ganssle, Thinking about God: First Steps in Philosophy|…questioning the existence of God may begin because of one’s sense of disappointment rather than because of a line of reasoning. Disappointment can bring disillusionment, and disillusionment can get quite a grip on us. It may be the case that, next to the grip of disillusionment, whatever reasons we can think of to believe that God exists or that God is good will appear weak. So sometimes the reason we do not believe or the reason we stop believing is not the intellectual challenge to believing in God. Sometimes, the grip of disillusionment cannot be matched by things that seem to be only abstract or theoretical.
Lindsay Wagner|Materialism coarsens and petrifies everything, making everything vulgar, and every truth false.
H.L. Mencken|If, after I depart this vale, you ever remember me and have thought to please my ghost, forgive some sinner and wink your eye at some homely girl.
Yawatta Hosby, One By One|Moonlight flooded in the windows and silvered the room, turning it into a lagoon of dreams
Uzoma Nnadi|Cheerfulness means a contented spirit, a pure heart, a kind and loving disposition; it means humility and ~ charity, a generous appreciation of others, and a modest opinion of self.
Unarine Ramaru|If you seek happiness through someone else's perspective, you might as well get comfortable in sorrow.
Angela Richardson, All the Pieces|Why may you not kiss me?” she had demanded. “Am I a corpse?”“Of course not.”“Do you find me less attractive now that weather and wind have scoured the bloom from my cheeks?”“Skaytha, it’s nothing like that. If anything you are more beautiful now than when we lived on Skyrl. Often enough I have no breath when I look at you. You rob me of any other thoughts.”“So you’re afraid my kisses will take what little brain you have left?”“I’m afraid the angels will do something I don’t want them to do if I fly in the face of their commands, commands I can only assume are divine as well as angelic.”“Did you ever think to ask them the reasons behind their demands?”“When it is an angel I just want to get out of the conversation alive or at least without being struck dumb. So I don’t prolong the chat.”“You might have wanted my kisses more than that. If you had any romance in you you’d have told them you were ready to fight ten legions of angels for my love.”Hawk had reached out to hold her. “If I’d told them that they might have taken me up on it. Angels are not just useful for gallant flourishes the moment you declare your intention to battle all comers for the woman you love. Angels burn like fire and blaze like a hundred suns – they strike fear in my heart.”She had pulled away from his embrace and jumped to her feet. “Oh, no, you don’t. If I’m not good enough to kiss I’m not good enough to take in your arms either. It’s angels or me. Make up your mind whom you fear more. Or love more.”“I don’t love the angels.”“Clearly you don’t love me either.”They had been in a tipi. She’d gone to the opening, lifted the flap, bent, and stalked away, passing by warriors of the tribe with her head as high as a goddess and her back as straight as the shaft of the spear. The chief had poked his head in.“All is well, Hawk?’ he had asked.Hawk had learned their tongue.“It couldn’t be better,” Hawk had responded. “Only being slain in battle would be greater than this.”The chief had thought this over and laughed. "That would bring you great honor.""I am in short supply of honor right now and such short supply never pleases a woman like her. Better to die at the end of a spear and have it for a few moments and win her back."The chief had nodded. "Sound wisdom. Would you like to join a raiding party against our enemy tonight?""I couldn't be happier."(from The Name of the Hawk, Book 2)
Marc Ostrofsky|In my opinion, no single design is apt to be optimal for everyone.
Jack Dorsey|I got so passionate about technology. Hacking to me was like a video game. It was about getting trophies. I just kept going on and on, despite all the trouble I was getting into, because I was hooked.
Hannah Whitall Smith, The God of All Comfort|He who cares for the sparrows and numbers the hairs of our head, cannot possibly fail us.
Tim O'Brien, The Things They Carried|It was a flight, a kind of fleeing, a kind of falling, falling higher and higher, spinning off the edge of the earth and beyond the sun and through the vast silent vacuum where there were no burdens and where everything weighed exactly nothing.
Rain Phoenix|I've written a detective series myself, set in an imaginary, and slightly futuristic, Chinese city. The novels have an extremely tenuous relationship with the real world, since the hero is the city's Hell and ends up with a sidekick who is a demon.
Tracy L. Darity, Love...Like Snow in Florida on a Hot Summer Day|Baby, God ain't gonna bless you with another woman's husband, not today, not tomorrow, not ever.
honeya|Forget about lien about you behind your back and talking nonsense, some people can lie to you looking in your eyes...
Debasish Mridha|When you achieve higher consciousness you will not achieve anything, but you will lose everything that is not important and is not yours.
Jonathan Maberry, Dust & Decay|If I had a choice, if I had understood earlier that the reason my days were all the same was because I wanted them like that, perhaps...
A. Grace Martin, Spirit Rider|It was definitely a new way of life for people who had become so used to being entertained by televisions, computers and technology." -from Day After Disaster
Richard Francis Burton|Oh, wow.""What do you think?""I tried to imagine, but--I mean...it's so much more--""Think it's large enough to keep you satisfied for a while?""It's so much bigger than I expected"He backed away, leaving Beatrice to gaze in wonder at the library that took up half of the second floor."I think I'll just leave you two alone for a bit," he said with a chuckle.
Nadège Richards, 5 Miles|Eli . . .” I rasped. I lost track of where his kisses landed, where his fingers touched, and grew too comfortable in his arms. “I can’t.”“You can,” he urged, pulling back and grinding my hips against his. Heat quickly rushed to my cheeks. “I have you. I found you, and I’m not letting you go.”“You don’t—” Eli’s mouth crashed down on mine, stealing a kiss, and I freakin’ lost it. His mouth was absolutely sinful and there was nothing gentle about him, either. Eli was out for something good and was determined to get it. Euphoria sliced through my drunken haze and I grinned as I kissed him back. When his hands slid up my dress and his tongue pushed past my teeth, I moaned loudly and wrapped my legs around his waist.Just this. I can do this.Eli’s fingers inched closer to my panties and I threw my head back against the building to catch my breath.Oh, my God.Lights flashed behind my eyes and the red and blue spots showered over me like rain. “I-I have a wedding tomorrow. My friend’s,” I muttered, almost pulling away. To my ears, it didn’t even sound like a coherent sentence.“Cielo, I don’t really care.” Eli glanced up at me from his place between my flushed breasts and leaned in to suck my bottom lip into his mouth.“I’m drunk.”“Good.” His hand beneath my dress tugged and I heard the audible rip of my panties. “So am I.
Padgett Powell|I associate the truest spirit of Christmas with certain years when I had to spend it at my parents' house as an adult who had, presumably, escaped.
Osunsakin Adewale|Marital sex is a divine sympony between two people , and God is leading the orchestra .
Sting|I believe that a simple and unassuming manner of life is best for everyone, best both for the body and the mind.
Shauna Niequist, Bittersweet: Thoughts on Change, Grace, and Learning the Hard Way|We sometimes choose the most locked up, dark versions of the story, but what a good friend does is turn on the lights, open the window, and remind us that there are a whole lot of ways to tell the same story.
Colin S. Smith, The 10 Greatest Struggles of Your Life|One of Leonardo da Vinci's most famous creations is his painting of The Last Supper. It is said that while Leonardo da Vinci was working on the painting he got into an argument with a fellow painter. Leonardo da Vinci was so mad at this colleague that in anger and out of spite he painted that man's face as the face of Judas in his painting of the upper room Supper.But then, having completed that, Leonardo da Vinci turned to paint the face of Christ and he could not do it. It wouldn't come. He couldn't visualize it. He couldn't paint the face of Christ.He put down his paintbrush and went to find the man from whom he was estranged. He forgave him; they reconciled with one another; they both apologized. They both forgave. That very evening Leonardo da Vinci had a dream and in that dream he saw the face of Christ. He rose quickly from his bed and finished the painting and it became one of his greatest masterpieces.
Angela Duckworth, Grit: Passion, Perseverance, and the Science of Success|...interests are not discovered through introspection. Instead, interests are triggered by interactions with the outside world. The process of interest discovery can be messy, serendipitous, and inefficient. This is because you can't really predict with certainty what will capture your attention and what won't...Without experimenting, you can't figure out which interests will stick, and which won't.
Karen Marie Moning, Iced|I return my attention to the situation at hand and realize Reality—the impatient bitch—has made my decision for me. She does that a lot. You get busy planning your life, then it has the nerve to just go ahead and happen to you before you’re ready. Before you even get the chance to aim yourself right!
Stephen Richards|To rise above the conflicting desires of others, there must be no conflict about your own.
Lepota L. Cosmo|Tensurrealism creates actual and non-compromised reality, jamboree, fervor, fascination, poetics of an active enthusiasm, interludium, lyrical practice, active happiness.
Deyth Banger|I really like to watch a porn, but mostly my dream is to fuck a woman. It's interesting to see how her lips touch your dick, I'm sure that the feeling, incrediable. But this isn't anything with she to have orgasm! To watch you right in the face, right in the eyes is interesting and not freaky, but it's more awesome to be such position to be in orgasm + to suck your cock gently. It's interesting, how woman watch the end proccess of jerk off, how they lick the dick like it's hot and they want to make it cold!Ooh, that's one of my favourite faces how the sperm from the dick goes right on the face. It's really interesting the dick to be more large and big from a woman foot and hands, even from her mouth that's one of my favourite parts in the porn. It's interesting to look the dick like a pussy cat or more awesome the dick to goes slowly in the pussy! When a woman is getting fucked she to laugh that's the interesting part.
Jennifer Elisabeth|I kept waiting for the part where I’d finally know who I was — some flashing, neon moment of relief, but it never came.
Mary Novik, Conceit|What do you most wish for, Izzy?" "Herbs and salads, and fish straight from the river. A man needs no more than such pleasures.
Kris Noel|He thought how silly it was that he believed in something so arbitrary. He foolishly believed he had a purpose, that he was destined for something better.Now he had to live with the fact that he was just a lonely boy with no identity at all.And he had made a lot of terrible mistakes.
Christopher Marlowe|I tell my kids and I tell proteges, always have humility when you create and grace when you succeed, because it's not about you. You are a terminal for a higher power. As soon as you accept that, you can do it forever.
Courtney Giardina, Tear Stained Beaches|We become increasingly aware that the human dream, the human drama, with all its questionable, damaging, and often malevolent intention is not real life at all.
Debasish Mridha|Faith has power in it. More often than not, faith can create miracles.
J.R.R. Tolkien|Few can see wither their road will lead them, till they comes to it's end. - Gimli
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross|Information is a source of learning. But unless it is organized, processed, and available to the right people in a format for decision making, it is a burden, not a benefit.
Louise G.  White, The Calling|They're similar to the human idea of the sandman. They used to help people sleep. Now they're more prone to creating nightmares that end in death." Lucky's description of the dream weavers.
Stephen Richards, Insanity: My Mad Life|Is Bronson mad! Let me ask you! How else can I be? I’m probably the maddest guy on two legs if the truth was known, but prison will never beat me, I’d sooner die today than allow it too!
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|Books are a poor substitute for female companionship, but they are easier to find.
Koyel Mitra|If you dream big, you achieve big.If you dream small, you achieve small. Dreams make the difference.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Today our churches are filled, but how many are actually practicing Christianity in daily life?
Steve Blank|I love love, and I love life. I love. I just love. It's just great. It's the most enduring element we have is love.
Matshona Dhliwayo|It is wise to buy acquaintances, but foolish to buy friends.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Idiot|Why is it that when you awake to the world of realities you nearly always feel, sometimes very vividly, that the vanished dream has carried with it some enigma which you have failed to solve?
Maya Banks, Sweet Persuasion|She stared stupidly into his eyes, thinking about how very much she’d like to make that noise again…with him.
Jon Ronson, The Psychopath Test: A Journey Through the Madness Industry|The DSM-IV-TR is a 943-page textbook published by the American Psychiatric Association that sells for $99...There are currently 374 mental disorders. I bought the book...and leafed through it...I closed the manual. "I wonder if I've got any of the 374 mental disorders," I thought. I opened the manual again. And instantly diagnosed myself with twelve different ones.
Salman Rushdie|God and I have a great relationship, but we both see other people.
Dominic Riccitello|He was my entire world. He still is. My best friend, lover, partner in crime and my other soul. But he didn’t agree. A person isn’t supposed to be your entire world, he said. But he’s wrong. When you love yourself, you love others. When you find yourself, you find others. When you create your world and it’s thriving, you create others. And I built an entire world for him. For us. As he once built for me.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Case-Book of Sherlock Holmes|One likes to think that there is some fantastic limbo for the children of imagination, some strange, impossible place where the beaux of Fielding may still make love to the belles of Richardson, where Scott’s heroes still may strut, Dickens’s delightful Cockneys still raise a laugh, and Thackeray’s worldlings continue to carry on their reprehensible careers. Perhaps in some humble corner of such a Valhalla, Sherlock and his Watson may for a time find a place, while some more astute sleuth with some even less astute comrade may fill the stage which they have vacated.
Karl Lagerfeld|One should either be a work of art, or wear a work of art.
David Gemmell, Lord of the Silver Bow|Odysseus draped the towel over his shoulders and stretched his back. "You remember practicing with wooden swords? All the moves, the blocks, the counters, getting your footwork right, learning how to be in balance always?""Of course you were a hard master.""And you recall the first time you went into a real fight, with blood being shed and the fear of death in the air?""I do""The moves are the same, but the difference is wider than the Great Green. Love is like that, Helikaon. You can spend time with a whore and laugh and know great pleasure. But when love strikes--- ah, the difference is awesome. You will find more joy in the touch of a hand or the sight of a smile than you could ever experience in a hundred nights of passion with anyone else. The sky will be more blue, the sun more bright. Ah, I am missing my Penelope tonight
Martin Luther|There is a loveliness to life that does not fade. Even in the terrors of the night, there is a tendency toward grace that does not fail us. 
Hope Bradford, Oracle of Compassion: The Living Word of Kuan Yin|These days, though, tolerance means that you accept the other person's views as being true or legitimate. If you claim that someone is wrong, you can get accused of being intolerant--even though, ironically, the person making the charge of intolerance isn't being accepting of your beliefs.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|The most effective form of creation is an act of cooperation, not force.
Katie McGarry, Pushing the Limits|She pushed off her toes toward me, guiding my head down, and gently kissed my lips. No. This wouldn’t be goodbye. I’d fill her up and make her realize she’d always be empty witho
Jane Lynch|When I teach the formal curriculum, I have the chance to think about it ahead of time. I can rehearse it. I can illustrate it with self-deprecating humor and humble-sounding personal disclosure. I can try to make it comes out just right.
Dragotel Viorica|It became so common to hear celebrities saying in flashy interviews: " I had nothing. I started from zero. I had a tough life". It became so common to read books, to watch news about heros, very poor people, that are not afraid to die for their belief.In both situations it can be about a calling, a destiny. But there is a huge courage you cannot pretend to not notice it. An immense difficult to understand courage.When you have riched the lowest level of living, when you have survived in miserable conditions, it is easier to follow your heart, your dreams, your belief.You know why?Because you have that confidence that you have nothing to lose if you have you.
Elizabeth Warren|No employer today is independent of those about him. He cannot succeed alone, no matter how great his ability or capital. Business today is more than ever a question of cooperation.
Human Angels, We are human angels|When we meditate to expand our consciousness, we perceive reality from an evolved perspective. The yogic mindset is able to create the miraculous magic of each moment at all times. Even when doing mundane chores, a yogi is able to tap into the flow of inspiration. Holding unwavering focus, the mind of consciousness is efficient and effective in dealing with every day realities by being. The vast void mind of awareness is aligned to the world of all enlightened beings of the past as in the moment of now- alight as a Lamp.The magic of Now is consciousness.
Maria Herliana|When my life changed, only music that doesn’t change from my life…
Raheel Farooq|It is one thing to rouse the passion of a people, and quite another to lead them.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Whatever is within your limit, do it to lift the souls of humankind.
Maya Angelou, I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings|It was awful to be Negro and have no control over my life. It was brutal to be young and already trained to sit quietly and listen to charges brought against my color with no chance of defense. We should all be dead. I thought I should like to see us all dead, one on top of the other. A pyramid of flesh with the whitefolks on the bottom, as the broad base, then the Indians with their silly tomahawks and teepees and wigwams and treaties, the Negroes with their mops and recipes and cotton sacks and spirituals sticking out of their mouths. The Dutch children should all stumble in their wooden shoes and break their necks. The French should choke to death on the Louisiana Purchase (1803) while silkworms ate all the Chinese with their stupid pigtails. As a species, we were an abomination. All of us.
William Goldman, The Princess Bride|The Countess was considerably younger than her husband. All of her clothes came from Paris (this was after Paris) and she had superb taste. (This was after taste too, but only just. And since it was such a new thing, and since the Countess was the only lady in all Florin to posses it, is it any wonder she was the leading hostess in the land?)
Heather Wolf, Kipnuk the Talking Dog|If we Not can fulfill our Dream is no Problem, Tomorrow we will have Another One
Sabrina Jeffries, To Wed a Wild Lord|Her eyes began to shimmer with tears. “You . . . you love me?”His heart seemed permanently lodged in his throat. “More than life. God only knows why you love me, because I sure as hell don’t, but I know why I love you. You’re my beacon in the darkness, and my compass on a night sea. When I’m with you, I don’t want to dance with Death. I want to dance with Life. I want to dance with you. And whatever it takes, I mean to spend the rest of my life trying to deserve you.
Terry Pratchett|And just when you’d think [humans] were more malignant than ever Hell could be, they occasionally showed more grace than Heaven ever dreamed of.
Toni Sorenson|Intuition is a woman’s gift that comes packaged in responsibility. If we don’t change the world for good, who will?
Spike Milligan, Puckoon|If man is to be liberated to enjoy more leisure, he must also be prepared to enjoy this leisure fully and creatively.
K.W. Jeter|That's what you get,' he said, nodding towards a group of the men engaged in some close-order military drill, 'when you give people Bibles and guns. You should give 'em either one or the other, but not both. It just messes up their brains.
Nolan Bushnell|Every one who has taken a shower has had an idea. It's the person who gets out of the shower, dries off and does something about it that makes a difference.
H.R. Willaston, Nine Days|Because I mean it. I don’t care about anything else. I could lose anyone else and make it through. But not you, Ella May. I can’t do this without you.
Tom Holm|Minnie Spotted Wolf from Butte, Montana, was the first Native American to enlist in the Marine Corps Womens' Reserve. Spotted Wolf joined in 1943. She commented that Marine Corps boot camp was "hard, but not that hard.
Freeman Dyson|Does art have a future? Performance genres like opera, theater, music and dance are thriving all over the world, but the visual arts have been in slow decline for nearly 40 years. No major figure of profound influence has emerged in painting or sculpture since the waning of Pop Art and the birth of Minimalism in the early 1970s.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, This Side of Paradise|It was always the becoming he dreamed of, never the being.
Zoey Ellis, Awakened By Power|If we had more time, I wouldn’t allow you to give up on us," Cam said, with a wry smile. "There won't be anybody that will love you the way I love you, Thea. And I don't believe that anyone will love me the way you do. And you still do, you just need to remember that.
Darren Shan|Real life's nasty. It's cruel. It doesn't care about heroes and happy endings and the way things should be. In real life, bad things happen. People die. Fights are lost. Evil often wins.
William Edward Hartpole Lecky|The simple record of three short years of active life has done more to regenerate and to soften mankind, than all the (investigations) disquisitions of philosophers and than all the exhortations of moralists.
Chudney Thomas, Full Force|If you wanted pomp and circumstance, you dealt with the vampires. If you wanted ceremony, the witches it was. But for plain old straight forward business, you dealt with the werewolves.
Sara Teasdale, The Collected Poems|Stephen kissed me in the spring,Robin in the fall,But Colin only looked at meAnd never kissed at all.Stephen’s kiss was lost in jest,Robin’s lost in play,But the kiss in Colin’s eyesHaunts me night and day.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Return of Sherlock Holmes|The analytical geometry of Descartes and the calculus of Newton and Leibniz have expanded into the marvelous mathematical method—more daring than anything that the history of philosophy records—of Lobachevsky and Riemann, Gauss and Sylvester. Indeed, mathematics, the indispensable tool of the sciences, defying the senses to follow its splendid flights, is demonstrating today, as it never has been demonstrated before, the supremacy of the pure reason.
Beth Revis, A Million Suns|The clouds were disappearing rapidly, leaving the stars to die. The night dried up.
Sabaa Tahir, An Ember in the Ashes|There will be so much more in between. So much uncertainty. I don't know if we'll survive the catacombs, let alone the rest of it. But it doesn't matter. For now, these steps are enough. These first few precious steps into darkness. Into the unknown. Into freedom.
Anton Chekhov, Selected Stories|She stood in awe of her elder daughter. Lida was never tender, she spoke only about serious things; she lived her own separate life and for her mother and sister was as sacred and slightly mysterious a personage as an admiral who always remains in his cabin is for his sailors.- The House with the Mezzanine
TobyMac|Surely you know that if a man can't be cured of churchgoing, the next best thing is to send him all over the neighbourhood looking for the church that "suits" him until he becomes a taster or connoisseur of churches.
Fortesa Latifi|There are many monsters, oh, many!
Jennifer Salvato Doktorski, How My Summer Went Up in Flames|Every night I used to pray that I’d find my people, and finally I did on the open road.We had nothing to lose, nothing to gain, nothing we desired anymore, except to make our lives into a work of art.
Gabourey Sidibe|I never laugh or smile when I am writing. When I come home for lunch after writing all morning, my wife says I look like I just came home from a funeral. This is not bragging. This is an illness.
Haruki Murakami, Blind Willow, Sleeping Woman|The expedition of my violent love outrun the pauser, reason.
Bob Dylan|It takes a lot to laugh, it takes a train to cry
Karen Armstrong, A Short History of Myth / The Penelopiad / Weight / Dream Angus|Death, I've dreamed of it, I've desired it, but what real happiness can come from it?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Positive mindset, positive self-image and positive attitude are the best-habits to nurture.
Amanda Coplin, The Orchardist|In Russia everything is a secret, but there is no secrecy.
Melina Marchetta, On the Jellicoe Road|My father took one hundred and thirty-two minutes to die.I counted.It happened on the Jellicoe Road. The prettiest road I’d ever seen, where trees made breezy canopies like a tunnel to Shangri-La. We were going to the ocean, hundreds of miles away, because I wanted to see the ocean and my father said that it was about time the four of us made that journey. I remember asking, 'What’s the difference between a trip and a journey?' and my father said, 'Narnie, my love, when we get there, you’ll understand,' and that was the last thing he ever said.
Chris Cornell|We are bombarded on all sides by a vast number of messages we don't want or need. More information is generated in a single day than we can absorb in a lifetime. To fully enjoy life, all of us must find our own breathing space and peace of mind.
Agatha Christie|When the sun shines you cannot see the moon," he said. "But when the sun is gone ah,when the sun is gone.
Jennifer Echols, Endless Summer|Her dad turned to me. "You. Follow Me.""Woof," I said.
Tom Hayes|Unless individuals have the power to defy commoditization and define their own lives, their potential is vulnerable to the crushing forces of objectification.
Rob Shepherd, Life with Boris Karloff!|To write your dreams of fantasy, is to create fantasy in another's dreams
Julianne Donaldson, Edenbrooke|It’s the same as when I broke the melding bond. Our love doesn’t trump the millions of people in the seven worlds. We must think of the greater good.”He pulled back from me and before I could blink he held my chin in his gentle grip. “And I will tell you again, Abigail, that nothing trumps our love. Nothing.
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|You must commit to a lifestyle of constant and continuous never ending improvement of your daily habits, because it’s one of the most important predictors of your success and the quality of your life.
Auliq-Ice|The purpose of life is to know, and to recreate, Who You Are.
Robert A. Heinlein|I know why we laugh. We laugh because it hurts, and it's the only thing to make it stop hurting.
Lailah Gifty Akita|As we trust in God, we shall triumph in any trouble.
Rebecca Mead, My Life in Middlemarch|Reading is sometimes thought of as a form of escapism, and it’s a common turn of phrase to speak of getting lost in a book. But a book can also be where one finds oneself; and when a reader is grasped and held by a book, reading does not feel like an escape from life so much as it feels like an urgent, crucial dimension of life itself.
E.M. Forster, Maurice|Speaking to a 'non-theist', 'How do you what you don't believe in if you have never read the Bible?'".
Frans de Waal, The Bonobo and the Atheist: In Search of Humanism Among the Primates|Along with people in other creative professions, such as artists and musicians, many scientists experience this transcendence. I do so every day. For one, it's impossible to look an ape in the eye and not see oneself. There are other animals with frontally oriented eyes, but none that give you the shock of recognitions of the ape's. Looking back at you is not so much an animal but a personality as solid and willful as yourself.
Francois Truffaut|A lot of women say they love being pregnant, but I wasn't such a big fan.
Lemony Snicket, Horseradish|There are times to stay put, and what you want will come to you, and there are times to go out into the world and find such a thing for yourself.
Mary Lambert|My fans have made all my career moments special for me. They are the ones that have gotten me through every single thing - good times and bad, they are who I go to and lean on. I am very thankful for that.
Sahara Sanders|Let's make our existence more joyous, fulfilled and full of positive adventures... Let's add more vivid colors to life in the world around us: making it happier, merrier, easier, healthier, tastier and brighter! Our project is a constant source of inspiration to support these ideas.
Antony Gormley|So I wanted to sing inspirational music, and that's exactly how I approached it - only the words have been changed to declare my relationship with God.
Gregory Maguire, The Next Queen of Heaven|There was something about words and music together that allowed people to get nearest to honest truth about what was most difficult to say. Paradoxically, only through the essential instantaneity of music could you approach its eternal pertinence.
John C. Maxwell, Intentional Living: Choosing a Life That Matters|As you start your day, are you wondering what you will reap, or are you wondering what you will sow?
Glenn Beck|My politics is my religion, my religion is my politics.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When the head tries to rule the heart, emotion poisons it.
stephen christian, The Orphaned Anything's: Memoir of a Lesser Known|honestly i don't understand the rousing of romance all that well. i used to believe in this thing called fate, or destiny. a romantic romeo and juliet, monet and veronica, etc. but now i feel jaded, maybe agnostic to the idea.but choice used to seem so unromantic, as if some mystic force was not behind the meeting of 2 beautiful individuals. but now i think choice is the greater of the two simply for this fact: by choosing someone you are saying that out of all the people in the entire world i have decided that i want you apart of my life in perpetuum, for the rest of my life, and no one else.no haphazard circumstance, no chance meetings where distant planets align. it's simply two rational individuals who make a choice and an effort to remain together.
Felix Wantang, Face to Face Meetings with Jesus Christ 3: Revealing the End of the Age|If the world loves you, then you should question your relationship with Jesus Christ.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Welcome the righteous,avoid the wicked,and yet open both arms to the repentant.Whoever receives them receives God.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|Should we continue to look upwards? Is the light we can see in the sky one of those which will presently be extinguished? The ideal is terrifying to behold... brilliant but threatened on all sides by the dark forces that surround it: nevertheless, no more in danger than a star in the jaws of the clouds.
Marcus Aurelius|People who have no hold over their process of thinking are likely to be ruined by liberty of thought. If thought is immature, liberty of thought becomes a method of converting men into animals.
Stephen Biro, Hellucination|The Id and the Superego are more scientific ways of considering the Devil and God, or your personal angels and demons. Science has turned the relationship between God, the Devil and you into a viewpoint for all to understand without the framework of religious belief to sidetrack the layperson into another realm of thinking.
Kim Cattrall|My mom was always really healthy and cautious about her diet, so I'm not a big sugar guy.
Paulo Coelho|Simply having the courage to say senseless things made me euphoric. I was free, with no need to seek or to give explanations for what I was doing. This freedom lifted me to the heavens - where greater love, one that forgives everything and never allows you to feel abandoned, once again enveloped me.
Lisa Kleypas, Again the Magic|Sturm und Drang?”“Ah…I see that I’ll have to introduce you to the finer points of German literature. It means passionate turmoil—literally translated, ‘storm and stress.’ 
Danielle Esplin, Give It Back|My father said the weakest camel draws the wolves.” “Mine told me to hide until the wolves go away,” Abban replied.
Ashim Shanker, Only the Deplorable|As the soul seeks, then, for that which is the sustenance of the body—as what the food is to a developing, a growing body, so are the words of truth (which are life, which are love, which are God) sought that make for growth, even as the digesting of the material things in a body make for a growth. This growth may not be felt in the consciousness of materialization. It is experienced by the consciousness of the soul... Feed, then, upon the fruits of the spirit. Love, hope, joy, mercy, long-suffering, brotherly love, and the contact, the growth, will be seen; and within the consciousness of the soul will the awareness come of the personality of the God in thee!
G.K. Chesterton, The Napoleon of Notting Hill|You’re not leaving. I told you that.” She worked to keep the calm in her tone to counter his fury. “I’m going to shoot.” “It’s time to put your gun down, Noah.” “His blood will be on you.” Rook made eye contact with her and mouthed, Shoot. Him. She had no shot and said so with the smallest head shake.
ricky star|The idiotic industry of an ant building his hill in the path of a glacier, and imagining that he is free.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|Shit," Delia said. "I mean, shoot. No, actually, I mean shit. I really do.
Umberto Eco, The Name of the Rose|El diablo no es el príncipe de la materia, el diablo es la arrogancia del espíritu, la fe sin sonrisa, la verdad jamás tocada por la duda.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Try jogging when following your heart, it's healthier
Carla Bruni-Sarkozy|It is said that in Ulthar, which lies beyond the river Skai, no man may kill a cat; and this I can verily believe as I gaze upon him who sitteth purring before the fire. For the cat is cryptic, and close to strange things which men cannot see. He is the soul of antique Aegyptus, and bearer of tales from forgotten cities in Meroë and Ophir. He is the kin of the jungle’s lords, and heir to the secrets of hoary and sinister Africa. The Sphinx is his cousin, and he speaks her language; but he is more ancient than the Sphinx, and remembers that which she hath forgotten.
Bertrand Russell|... Capitalism will behave antisocially if it is profitable for it to do so, and that can now mean human devastation on an unimaginable scale. What used to be apocalyptic fantasy is today no more than sober realism....
Meghan O'Rourke|Relationships take up energy; letting go of them, psychiatrists theorize, entails mental work. When you lose someone you were close to, you have to reassess your picture of the world and your place in it. The more your identity was wrapped up with the deceased, the more difficult the loss.
Kerrelyn Sparks, How to Tame a Beast in Seven Days|He was an animal. He'd drawn blood and now he needed to fuck, to cover her with his scent, to tell the world, She is mine. Stay away.
Jayson Engay|I may act like I don't care anymore, but if only you could see me inside, you'll know how much I wanted to be with you.
Susanna Clarke|When you're writing, you're creating something out of nothing ... A successful piece of writing is like doing a successful piece of m
Gilbert K. Chesterton|It's time to let science and medicine, not politics and rhetoric, lead us to good, sound policy.
Harry Haskell, Maiden Flight: A Novel|...if I have learned any one thing over the years, it's that life contains too many variables for us to be absolutely certain about anything. In the last analysis, there is no accounting for the human factor. It is always easier to deal with things than with men, and no one can direct his life entirely as he would choose.
Celso Cukierkorn, Secrets of Jewish Wealth Revealed!|The Jews understand that the blessing of wealth was dependant upon obedience to the law and covenant. The laws in the Torah, if followed, would bring blessings.5 The Tanakh says, “How joyful are those who fear the Lord and delight in obeying his commands…they themselves will be wealthy.” (NLT, Psalm 112:1, 3) "If they listen and obey God, they will be blessed with prosperity throughout their lives.” (NLT, Job 36:11)
Vironika Tugaleva|The people in your life will either help you shake hands with yourself or they’ll teach you what you don’t want. Everyone, eventually, does one or the other. All pain transforms to learning. All love transforms to self-awareness.
Katee Robert, Seducing the Bridesmaid|It should be illegal to have such a hot little body as yours." —Bryce Van Der Linden | Unbearable Passion (Book 1), Never Say Never
Linda Ty-Casper, The Hazards of Distance|He was the old breed of Filipino, almost extinct, who required that he deserve what he received; who would feel guilt, not only shame or embarrassment; who accounted for each day in the office and observed public trust as if it were a word of God. But even God was nowhere. The new theology proclaimed him dead. Long live Man! Love live Me!
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|Fishing is much less about the fishing, and much more about the time alone with your kid, away from the hustle and bustle of the everyday.
H.I.M., Vampires' Song|I, a miserable wretch, haunted by a curse that shut up every avenue to enjoyment.
Aaron Burdett, Grump & Rose|I used to love the storms when I was younger,'' Grump said. "I would climb the cypresses and leap into the sky and roar at the thunder. There's nothing like flying into the rain and embracing the wind. It's true freedom.
michael p naughton|Fame for the lames, fortune for the brains.
Becca Ann, Reasons I Fell for the Funny Fat Friend|Dan habis ini, gue harap lo bakal lebih wise dan nyari seseorang yang bersedia tinggal di sisi lo - not just for weekend, but for the whole days in the week.
John Irving, A Prayer for Owen Meany|Your memory is a monster; you forget—it doesn't. It simply files things away. It keeps things for you, or hides things from you—and summons them to your recall with will of its own. You think you have a memory; but it has you!
Soren Kierkegaard|Personally, I don't like a girlfriend to have a husband. If she'll fool her husband, I figure she'll fool me.
Nanette Mathews|Acknowledge, accept, and honor that you deserve your own deepest compassion and love.
Neil deGrasse Tyson, Death by Black Hole: And Other Cosmic Quandaries|Once upon a time, people identified the god Neptune as the source of storms at sea. Today we call these storms hurricanes.... The only people who still call hurricanes acts of God are the people who write insurance forms.
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway to Fatherhood: Soulfully Empowering Your Life's Journey & Purpose as a Father Through Positive Inspiration|I know that my success comes from hard work, help from others, and being at the right place at the right time. I feel a deep and enduring sense of gratitude to those who have given me opportunities and support. I recognize the sheer luck of being born into my family in the United States rather than one of the many places in the world where women are denied basic rights. I believe that all of us - men and women alike - should acknowledge good fortune and thank the people who have helped us. No one accomplishes anything all alone.But I also know that in order to continue to grow and challenge myself, I have to believe in my own abilities. I still face situations that I fear are beyond my capabilities. I still have days when I feel like a fraud. And I still sometimes find myself spoken over and discounted while men sitting next to me are not. But now I know how to take a deep breath and keep my hand up. I have learned to sit at the table.
James St. James|We are strangely biased, as individuals and media institutions, to focus on big sudden changes, whether good or bad - amazing breakthroughs, such as a new gadget that gets released, or catastrophic failures, like a plane crash.
Jenn Sadai, Cottage Cheese Thighs|The more I thought about the reasons behind my insecurities, the more I realized that my issues with my appearance had nothing to do with reality. I didn’t feel fat because I was sluggish or unable to move my body with ease. I felt fat because I didn’t fit the mold of what society has taught me a woman should looklike.
Amy Tan, Saving Fish from Drowning|Life is more than love and pleasure,I came to dig for treasure.If you want to play, you gotta pay,You know it's always been that wayWe all came digging for treasure.
Stephen Richards, Lost in Care: The True Story of a Forgotten Child|When life gives you lemons...add melted butter , toasted paprike and dip some lobster in it!
Michael  Grant, Light|Every now and then a green dot shifted to yellow. A soldier down, their armored suits detecting the injuries or death that rendered them combat ineffective. Combat ineffective. Such a nice euphemism for one of his kids bleeding out.
Shel Silverstein|I cannot go to school today"Said little Peggy Ann McKay."I have the measles and the mumps,A gash, a rash and purple bumps.My mouth is wet, my throat is dry.I'm going blind in my right eye.My tonsils are as big as rocks,I've counted sixteen chicken pox.And there's one more - that's seventeen,And don't you think my face looks green?My leg is cut, my eyes are blue,It might be the instamatic flu.I cough and sneeze and gasp and choke,I'm sure that my left leg is broke.My hip hurts when I move my chin,My belly button's caving in.My back is wrenched, my ankle's sprained,My 'pendix pains each time it rains.My toes are cold, my toes are numb,I have a sliver in my thumb.My neck is stiff, my voice is weak,I hardly whisper when I speak.My tongue is filling up my mouth,I think my hair is falling out.My elbow's bent, my spine ain't straight,My temperature is one-o-eight.My brain is shrunk, I cannot hear,There's a hole inside my ear.I have a hangnail, and my heart is ...What? What's that? What's that you say?You say today is .............. Saturday?G'bye, I'm going out to play!
William Sloane Coffin Jr.|Christ came to take away our sins, not our minds.
Henry A. Wallace|The obvious types of American fascists are dealt with on the air and in the press. These demagogues and stooges are fronts for others. Dangerous as these people may be, they are not so significant as thousands of other people who have never been mentioned.The American fascist would prefer not to use violence. His method is to poison the channels of public information.With a fascist the problem is never how best to present the truth to the public but how best to use the news to deceive the public into giving the fascist and his group more money or more power.
Richard Bausch|I don't teach writing. I teach patience. Toughness. Stubbornness. The willingness to fail. I teach the life. The odd thing is most of the things that stop an inexperienced writer are so far from the truth as to be nearly beside the point. When you feel glosbal doubt about your talent, that is your talent. People who have no talent don't have any doubt.
Zeena Schreck|Always remember, wherever you are, whether near or far, you had a mother who really, really loved you. The original mother. Once you've found your true inner guru you can never again be divided. Perfect union with the divine, through the grace of your real teacher, transcends time, space, death and all worldly limitations. Your real teacher is the original mother - regardless in which manifest or non-manifest form, or gender, she appears. The one who nurtures you and the one who also, out of wisdom and compassion, corrects you if you are misguided.
Meg  Maguire, Thank You for Riding|Quit looking at me like that or I swear I’m going to spank that pretty little mouth of yours with my lips,” said Jack in a tone only Kate could hear.
Jessica Warman|Here in the trees it was much easier to believe the absurdities that embarrassed me indoors. Nothing had changed in this forest for thousands of years, and all the myths and legends of a hundred different lands seemed much more likely in this green haze than they had in my clear-cut bedroom.
E.J. Copperman|Once upon a time all the men of mind and genius in the world became of one belief- that is to say, of no belief. But it wearied them to think that within a few years after their death many cults and systems and prognostications would be ascribed to them which they had never...intended. So they said to one another: "Let's join together and make a great book that will last forever that will mock the credulity of man...We'll include all the most preposterous old wives' tales now current. We'll choose the keenest satirist alive to compile a deity from all the deities worshipped by mankind, a deity who will be more magnificent than any of them, yet so weakly human that he'll become a byword for laughter the world over- and we'll ascribe to him all sorts of jokes and vanities and rages, in which he'll be supposed to indulge for his own diversion, so that the people will read our book and ponder it, and there'll be no more nonsense in the world.
Mehmet Murat ildan|I could just like down, right here, and let the sand cover me like a blanket. But my legs, clumsy as they've become, keep stumbling forward on their own. I'm not frightened and I'm not sorry. Not even a little bit. Nikko and I shared this fate, six years apart. We both walked into the desert, and we will both have died out here, under the wide open sky. At this moment, I feel closer to him than I have in years. Maybe that's what Endd meant when she said that none of us are ever truly alone.
Corrie Sirota, Someone Died - Now What?: A Personal and Professional Perspective on Coping with Grief and Loss|Grieving is not a race, nor is it a predictable experience - it is as unique as each and every one of us. Therefore by creating your own path you will find your own way through.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|i loved her, for she was beauty dressed in a selfless personality and the skin of unconditional love. A voice of truthful melody and eyes holding a vision so large, maybe, just maybe she was born to change the world.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|A professor at the University of Michigan said to me: “As soon as we create life in a test tube, we won’t need God anymore.” I answered: “This happened once before when man ruled God out and proposed the Tower of Babel. It ended in frustration, confusion, and judgment.
Carla H. Krueger, From the Horse’s Mouth|Men circle like bees around honey, buzzing to communicate their sexual despair.
John Emerich Edward Dalberg-Acton|A wise person does at once, what a fool does at last. Both do the same thing; only at different times.
Shannon Hale, Midnight in Austenland|Don't beat yourself up," said Charlotte. "True love can be so easily mistaken for other things-friendship, humane concern, indigestion...
R. Alan Woods|Instead of hopping around like a wild in'jun on fire, try counting from 10 backwards while hopping on one foot".
Nick Hornby, A Long Way Down|There were only seven years between the first and last Beatles albums. That's nothing, seven years, when you think of how their hairstyles changed and their music changed. Some bands now go seven years without hardly bothering to do anything.
Richelle Mead, Shadow Kiss|You can't save everyone, though God knows you try.
John Glenn|You put on this set of goggles, and within seconds, your brain is convinced you're now in a different, virtual environment. You're somewhere else, and that somewhere else may be a video game, it may be in a real-time movie, a museum exhibit, or a medical surgical training app.
Beverly Rycroft, A Slim Green Silence|Shame was one of those things that had to be excised like a cancer, but it was a hard thing to remove when it was wrapped around your heart.
Eric Schmidt|There is a mistake technical and scientific people make. We think that if we have made a clever and thoughtful argument, based on data and smart analysis, then people will change their minds. This isn't true. If yoy want to change people's behavior, you need to touch their hearts, not just win the arguments. We call this the Oprah Winfrey rule.
Brenna Yovanoff|In his youth, he was electrified. The stars were moving in his bloodstream. He would not have been cowed by the customs of an earthly monarch. When he loved, it was with a heat and a desperation that he carried like a sword. He loved in the way that Greeks burned cities.
Deyth Banger|The Dark Knight 2008, favourite character Joker always in the right face and showing all humans in one character. A character died from characters!
Thomas Boswell, How Life Imitates the World Series|Ritualised child sexual abuse is about abuse of power, control and secrecy. Ten years ago many people found it difficult to believe that fathers actually raped their children, yet survivors of such abuses spoke out and eventually began to be listened to and believed. Ritual abuse survivors, when they try to speak out about their experiences, face denial and disbelief from society and often fear for their lives from the abusers.
Rainn Wilson|I wanted to write a book that talked about the emotions of children, which is the rainbow. We all have moods. We talk about being blue when we're sad, and being yellow when we're cowards, and when we're mad, we're red.
Mishi McCoy|We sang the song as children of the mystery that we hoped to one day comprehend and now, at last, we know the answer. We, too, are twinkling stars like diamonds in the sky. We have the ability to recognize our own brilliance. We possess the same potential to light the darkest night skies.
Jim Harrison|In Japan, they have TV sets in cars right now, where you can punch up traffic routes, weather, everything! You can get Internet access already in cars in Japan, so within the next 2 to 3 years it's gonna be so crazy!
Uzoma Nnadi|Iron can only be destroyed by rust, and rust is a slow process which is caused by the hydrogen ion from water in the environment. Coat yourself against negative thoughts and be careful what you feed your mind because your mind is your greatest asset, make sure you are not using it against yourself.﻿
Anne Lamott|Loyalty to the family must be merged into loyalty to the community, loyalty to the community into loyalty to the nation, and loyalty to the nation into loyalty to mankind. The citizen of the future must be a citizen of the world.
Ivo Žurić|Sitting here, literally amongst the dead, reckoning up gains and losses, casting accounts, I have come to see gains that cannot be reckoned in terms of wealth, and losses that are more damaging than loss of a crop... I look at the River and I see the lifeblood of Egypt that has existed before we lived and that will exist after we die... Life and death, Renisenb, are not of such great account.
Siri Hustvedt|All human states are organic brain states - happiness, sadness, fear, lust, dreaming, doing math problems and writing novels - and our brains are not static.
Larissa Ione, Passion Unleashed|Be a philosopher; but, amidst all your philosophy, be still a man.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|Christians need to have a mindset of victory, because God has destined us for victory
Simone de Beauvoir|Remember me with smiles and laughter, for that is how I will remember you all. If you can only remember me with tears, then don't remember me at all.
Stewart Stafford, The Vorbing|For even in the pit of darkness, the beacon of humanity can always shine through.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|A startling thought this, that a woman could handle businessmatters as well as or better than a man, a revolutionary thought toScarlett who had been reared in the tradition that men wereomniscient and women none too bright. Of course, she haddiscovered that this was not altogether true but the pleasantfiction still stuck in her mind. Never before had she put thisremarkable idea into words. She sat quite still, with the heavybook across her lap, her mouth a little open with surprise,thinking that during the lean months at Tara she had done a man'swork and done it well. She had been brought up to believe that awoman alone could accomplish nothing, yet she had managed theplantation without men to help her until Will came. Why, why, hermind stuttered, I believe women could manage everything in theworld without men's help--except having babies, and God knows, nowoman in her right mind would have babies if she could help it.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|Do you generally feel uncomfortable around people whom you perceive to be perfect? Is there really such a thing as the perfect person? Of course not! Our flaws are often what differentiates us from each other, and no person is perfect.
Madeleine L'Engle|I will have nothing to do with a God who cares only occasionally. I need a God who is with us always, everywhere, in the deepest depths as well as the highest heights. It is when things go wrong, when good things do not happen, when our prayers seem to have been lost, that God is most present. We do not need the sheltering wings when things go smoothly. We are closest to God in the darkness, stumbling along blindly.
Théophile Gautier, Émaux et Camées|When you're in love, the sun never stops shining.
William Hazlitt|Maya Angelou was the voice of three generations. Her poetry spanned our journey, chronicled our hearts and documented our struggles as we moved from the orations of Martin Luther King to the presidency of Barack Obama.
Ezra Pound|Good art however 'immoral' is wholly a thing of virtue. Good art can NOT be immoral. By good art I mean art that bears true witness, I mean the art that is most precise.
Charles Bukowski|Basically, that's why I wrote: to save my ass, to save my ass from the madhouse, from the streets, from myself.
Alexis Herman|The distinction between the past, present and future is only a stubbornly persistent illusion.
Jane Seymour|Like a lot of kids, I had a Superman cake or different theme cakes, but then I hit the age where I think my mom thought I was ready for the German chocolate cake that she makes for my dad. Just the sight of that, the taste of that frosting, just reminds me of being at home with my mom and my dad and my sister and my friends.
Tadao Ando|The architecture profession has lost a lot of its integrity, especially in the USA. The general architect here has no scruples, no ambitions.
Sebastian Cole, Sand Dollar: A Story of Undying Love|As I lay there watching Robin sleep beside me, I realized that she was right all along. I didn’t need to live in a castle — a shack in the woods with her would do just fine. And for that matter, I didn’t need to be prince of the ocean either, because with her by my side… I was king of the pond.
Kelly Moran, Exposure|As I unbutton him, I kiss his skin— warm, fragrant, smelling of soap, his expensive cologne and him. Done, I slip him out of the garment and lay over his heart which thuds heavy and deep beneath my breast. Except for my gossamer-thin robe, we're almost skin to skin.
Julian Barnes, Flaubert's Parrot|The greatest patriotism is to tell your country when it is behaving dishonorably, foolishly, viciously.
Kare Anderson, Mutuality Matters How You Can Create More Opportunity, Adventure & Friendship With Others|Collaboration is the essence of life. The wind, bees and flowers work together, to spread the pollen.
Ridley Scott|The funny thing is people won't let me pay for things. I'll be in a restaurant and the manager will say, 'Oh no, it's on the house.'
Gerard Way|I went to school in drag, in art school and my day was completely different because everybody thought I was a chick. You should see me as a chick. So I went as a girl, as like an experiment and it worked really well and everyone was really nice to me but I couldn't talk obviously...you know train conductors were really cool to me on my commute...HA! I looked hot as a chick!
Rick Brown|The big idea here is not, have you sinned, but are you changing?
Hanya Yanagihara, The People in the Trees|I spent the beginning of my focus on activism by doing what most everyone else was doing; blaming other people and institutions. Don’t like the war? Let’s blame the president, congress, or lobbyists. Don’t like ecological disregard? Let’s blame this or that corrupt corporation or some regulatory body for poor performance. Don’t like being poor and socially immobile? Let’s blame government coercion and interference in this free market utopia everyone keeps talking about.The sobering truth of the matter is that the only thing to blame is the dynamic, causal unfolding of system expression itself on the cultural level. In other words, none of us create or do anything in isolation – it’s impossible. We are system-bound both physically and psychologically; a continuum. Therefore our view of causality with respect to societal change can only be truly productive if we seek and source the most relevant sociological influences we can and begin to alter those effects from the root causes.
Susan C. Young|Rejoicing is grounded in gratitude, with a keen appreciation for yourself, others, your abundance, and the beauty around you.
Post Malone|I have carried the burden of my dad's image since day one. They never see me as just another guy trying to make his career in the film industry. I am always 'Megastar' Chiranjeevi's son first, and Ram Charan only later.
Kylie Jenner|The clan is nothing more than a larger family, with its patriarchal chief as the natural head, and the union of several clans by intermarriage and voluntary connection constitutes the tribe.
Marc Chagall|Love and fantasy, go hand in hand.
Anas Khan|If you know, you are smart then never try to negotiate your intelligence for the inept.
Robertson Davies|Sexual thrills are not all physical, and although Parlabane was an unlikely seducer, even on the intellectual plane, it was clear that his desire was, by this prolonged tickling, to bring me to an orgasm of the mind.
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|At my place I can really tell when winter has come.. It's when sunlight is pathetically crawling in my courtyard, incapable of reaching my window anymore.
Dean Kamen|The term 'serious actor' is kind of an oxymoron, isn't it? Like 'Republican party' or 'airplane food.'
Lloyd Alexander, Time Cat|Fucking nightmares.My heart starts to slow down. Glancing down at the floor, I see Tybalt, who is glaring at me with a puffed-up tail. I wonder if he had been sleeping on my chest and I catapulted him off when I woke up. I don't remember, but I wish that I did, because it would've been hilarious.
T.K. Coleman, Freedom Without Permission: How to Live Free in a World That Isn't|Keeping it real" isn't just a matter of facing up to harsh facts. It also includes opening up to the plethora of possibilities that offer us ways of impacting the world in spite of adversity.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|Great occasions often stimulate a person to do something great, but that tells nothing of his or her real character. Great is the person who does good always, in sickness and in health, in riches and in poverty.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Princess|By the Angel, it just crushed Sophocles," noted Will. "Has no one respect for the classics these days?
Danu Morrigan|The silence in our house now is born from the need for intense concentration, as we all carefully step around the truth we wish we didn't know, the person we can't help that Bo became, the future we're all afraid is collapsing around us, falling as silent and cold and crushing as snow.
Fernando Flores|True freedom is where an individual's thoughts and actions are in alignment with that which is true, correct, and of honor - no matter the personal price.
Steve Toltz, A Fraction of the Whole|It's always something here - if there isn't a riot, then someone's usually trying to escape. The wasted effort helps me see the positives of imprisonment. Unlike those pulling their hair out in good society, here we don't have to feel ashamed of our day-to-day unhappiness. Here we have someone visible to blame - someone wearing shiny boots. That's why, on consideration, freedom leaves me cold. Because out there in the real world, freedom means you have to admit authorship, even when your story turns out to be a real stinker.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|You may be going through a storm right now, but understand that the sun will shine again. It is during the storm that you learn the lesson. You can either let it make you or break you. Take this time to reflect on your choices in life. Many times we create our own storms by the choices we make. Right now while you are in the midst, decide to not go backwards, move forward with more positivity.
Charlotte M. Liebel|Stone walls do not a prison make,Nor iron bars a cage.
Francis Bacon|Some books should be tasted, some devoured, but only a few should be chewed and digested thoroughly.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, The Problem with Forever|Strange that, the way happiness only works in retrospect.
Steven Redhead, Unleash The Power of Your Heart and Mind|Life is an accumulation of what your Heart and mind has pondered most, a conclusion of all you wishes, dreams and desires.
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|My face is shaped like a face, and my body like a body, but my thoughts are very unusual. Piano from the third floor. Daisies on a roof.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|...come lie beside me again and understand - the others can show by actions, but I alone will immortalize you in words...
Yann Martel|The main object of religion is not to get a man into heaven, but to get heaven into him.
Yōko Ogawa, The Diving Pool: Three Novellas|And being here like this, so suddenly close to him is enough to make her lightheaded. It's a feeling like falling.
Todd  Johnson, The Sweet By and By|...you have not only a very large portion of my affection and esteem, but all that I am capable of feeling...
Laura Bates, Everyday Sexism|This combination of ageism and sexism was also blatant in the Boston Herald's treatment of sixty-three-year-old Elizabeth Warren, whose 2012 Senate bid it sought to undermine by repeatedly dubbing her "Granny" in its pages, as if to imply that an older woman could not possibly be trusted with political responsibility.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|When we forgive someone, we don’t pretend that the harm didn’t happen or cause us pain. We see it clearly for what it was, but we also come to see that fixating on the memory of harm generates anger and sadness.
Matthew Bourne|You just have to keep trying to do good work, and hope that it leads to more good work. I want to look back on my career and be proud of the work, and be proud that I tried everything. Yes, I want to look back and know that I was terrible at a variety of things.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|I arise to face my failures every morning, but I never fail to face them.
John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath|I learned to write nice as hell. Birds an' stuff like that, too; not just word writin'. My ol' man'll be sore when he sees me whip out a bird in one stroke. Pa's gonna be mad when he sees me do that. He don't like no fancy stuff like that. He don't even like word writin'. Kinda scare 'im, I guess. Ever' time Pa seen writin', somebody took somepin away from 'im.
Leta Blake, Training Season|Honey, are you being safe?''I wear my seat belt, yes.''Does this Rob Lovely wear a seat belt too?'Matty sighed. 'Mother, seat belts should be worn at all times when in a moving vehicle. Didn't you teach me that?''So long as we're both talking about condoms here, then I'll leave it.''Consider it left.
Johannes Kepler|Marilyn Monroe wasn't even her real name, Charles Manson isn't his real name, and now, I'm taking that to be my real name. But what's real? You can't find the truth, you just pick the lie you like the best.
Jason F. Wright, The Wednesday Letters|He thought of the number of girls and women she had seen marry, how many homes with children in them she had seen grow up around her, how she had contentedly pursued her own lone quite path-for him.~ Stephen speaking of Rachael
Renee Ahdieh, The Wrath and the Dawn|The story is one that you and I will construct together in your memory. If the story means anything to you at all, then when you remember it afterward, think of it, not as something I created, but rather as something that we made together. 
Michael  Jackson|How many victims must that be? Slaughtered in vain across the land,And how many strugles must that be?Before we choose to live the profits planEverybody sing- Every day create your History,Every path you take you're leaving your legacyEvery soldier dies in his gloryEvery legend tells of conquest and liberty.
Dannika Dark|Your eyes gave it away. You don't want the old stuff. You want to have the new and improved Well-being, go with the right people and they'll be right for you.
Robert Peate|Marcus and Ellie exchanged a worried look and examined the bag again. Sure enough, the gold was gone.
Thom Tillis|For months, people have been asking my views about the Scottish independence referendum, and I've been saying, 'It's not my country; I don't live here. Much as I love Scotland, I think it would be inappropriate to express a personal opinion regarding Scottish politics'.
Tove Jansson, Travelling Light|Disappointment resides in expectation. Showing a little regard creates consideration, which results in understanding. Steps to a peace of mind.
Rabindranath Tagore, The Home and the World|The time has come when I must divest Bimala of all the ideal decorations with which I decked her. It was owing to my own weakness that I indulged in such idolatry. I was too greedy. I created an angel of Bimala, in order to exaggerate my own enjoyment. But Bimala is what she is. It is preposterous to expect that she should assume the role of an angel for my pleasure. The Creator is under no obligation to supply me with angels, just because I have an avidity for imaginary perfection.
Ally Condie, Matched|Whiteness is the color of death, you know, not black. Wetness is life, the breeder and shaper of life. In the beginning the sun was black. So all light was absorbed before it had a chance to return. And our dreams, then, were empty.
Diana Gabaldon, A Breath of Snow and Ashes|Lying on the floor, with the carved panels of the ceiling flickering dimly above, I found myself thinking that I had always heretofore assumed that the tendency of eigh­teenth-century ladies to swoon was due to tight stays; now I rather thought it might be due to the idiocy of eighteenth-century men. 
Cherry-Ann Carew, Whisper of Lies|Write It, Work It, Publish
Lydia Larue|When entering a library, I never forget to bow down!
Elizaveta Mikhailichenko, Preemptive Revenge|Emerging from chaos, came Light, filling need.
Al Daltrey, Testing the Submissive|Lord. How many antidepressants can one person take? However much it is, I'm going to need the maximum dose if I make it out of this alive. -Dani Springman.
A. P. Herbert|Eventually I lost interest in trying to control my life  to make things happen in a way that I thought I wanted them to be. I began to practice surrendering to the universe and finding out what "it" wanted me to do.
Jakub Bożydar Wiśniewski|If anarchy is chaos, and chaos is war, why wasn't a single war started by anarchists?
Jeaniene Frost, This Side of the Grave|My dear Reaper," Vlad said, still laughing. 'Did you just check out our-''No!' I interrupted at once, almost lunging toward the staircase. 'I'm tired and still dazed from the Remanats and ... fuck it, I'm taking a shower. I mean, not a cold shower, because I don't need that.' -oh Jesus I was only making this worse- 'because I am cold already, and I need to get hot. I mean, warmer. Oh just shut up!' " -Pg 280
Ridley Scott|I knew exactly what to do on Alien, it was funny.
Katherine Allred, The Sweet Gum Tree|You felt a deep sorrow, the kind of melancholy you feel when you're in a beautiful place and the sun is going down
Willa Cather, My Mortal Enemy|It's all very well to tell us to forgive our enemies; our enemies can never hurt us very much. But oh, what about forgiving our friends?
James Frey, A Million Little Pieces|The clock holds me nowhere. Nowhere. Nowhere. There is nothing else but now and the shifting depth of the night. I sit at a table alone smoking cigarettes and drinking coffee and listening and surviving. I should not be here or anywhere. I should not be breathing or taking space. I should not have been given this moment or anything else. I should not have this opportunity again to live. I do not deserve it or deserve anything yet it is here and I am here and I Have it all of it still. I won't have it again. This moment or this chance they are the same and they are mine if I choose them and I do. I want them. Now and as long as I can have them they are both precious and fleeting and gone in the blink of an eye don't waste them. A moment and an opportunity and a life, all in the unseen tick of a clock holding me nowhere. My heart is beating. The walls are pale and quiet. I am surviving. 
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Calvin said, "Do you know that this is the first time I've seen you without your glasses?""I'm blind as a bat without them. I'm near-sighted, like father.""Well, you know what, you've got dream-boat eyes," Calvin said. "Listen, you go right on wearing your glasses. I don't think I want anybody else to see what gorgeous eyes you have.
Josh Stern, And That’s Why I’m Single|It hasn't been just a weekend for me, Wilson. I've wanted you for so long. I fought off the thoughts every day, exhausting every option to keep you off my mind; I can't do it anymore. I want you right here.
Gloria Steinem, My Life on the Road|When people ask me why I still have hope and energy after all these years, I always say: Because I travel.
Tanner Patrick|Sometimes life gets weird. Hang in there, it gets better.
James Scott Bell, Sins of the Fathers|...God created the world in six days. On the seventh day, he rested. On the eighth day, he started getting complaints. And it hasn't stopped since.
Kamand Kojouri|You do not have to be beautiful.You do not even have to be intelligent.All you have to do is practice kindness,for that is our purpose.
Aravind Adiga, Last Man in Tower|Chain of envy linked them, showing each what was lacking in life, but offering also the consolation that happiness was present right next door, in the life of a neighbour, an element of the same society.
Lucas J. Robak|There are no unresourceful people, only those who choose not to care about the results.
Jessica    Thompson|His closeness makes my heart beat faster, my skin tingle, my body want things it doesn't even know.
Raymond Carver|Nights without beginning that had no end. Talking about a past as if it'd really happened. Telling themselves that this time next year, this time next year, things were going to be different.
Fulton J. Sheen, Life of Christ|A dying man asked a dying man for eternal life; a man without possessions asked a poor man for a Kingdom; a thief at the door of death asked to die like a thief and steal Paradise. One would have thought a saint would have been the first soul purchased over the counter of Calvary by the red coins of Redemption, but in the Divine plan it was a thief who was the escort of the King of kings into Paradise. If Our Lord had come merely as a teacher, the thief would never have asked for forgiveness. But since the thief's request touched the reason of His coming to earth, namely, to save souls, the thief heard the immediate answer:'I promise thee, this day thou shalt beWith Me in Paradise'(Luke 23:43)It was the thief's last prayer, perhaps even his first. He knocked once, sought once, asked once, dared everything, and found everything. When even the disciples were doubting and only one was present at the Cross, the thief owned and acknowledged Him as Saviour.
Ariel Levy, The Rules Do Not Apply|I wanted what we all want: everything. We want a mate who feels like family and a lover who is exotic, surprising. We want to be youthful adventurers and middle-aged mothers. We want intimacy and autonomy, safety and stimulation, reassurance and novelty, coziness and thrills. But we can’t have it all.
Henry Ford|In the business world, everyone is paid in two coins: cash and experience. Take the experience first; the cash will come later.
W. H. Davies|No occupation is so delightful to me as the culture of the earth, and no culture comparable to that of the garden.
Robert Martensen, A Life Worth Living: A Doctor's Reflections on Illness in a High-Tech Era|Calling holistic medicine "alternative medicine" is no longer appropriate. The best approach now is "integrated medicine" in which we take the best of both worlds.
David Blunkett|Drake's my little brother; I love him to death, and he's family-oriented.
Joel Edgerton|I do yoga, I do Bikram and I run, and I eat really healthy.
Alok Jagawat|Writing isn't about creating perfect characters. There's no such thing. It's about creating characters that are real; flawed-- yet beautiful, in that they know they need another person. Needing someone else doesn't make them weak; if they believed all they needed was them self, they would be. A strong heroine isn't afraid to admit that a best friend, or soul mate, is exactly what they need at one moment or another. A strong heroine never stands alone. They stand tall; they believe in who they are. They are perfect in every human flaw, because as humans we are flawed. And in every flaw, I see the perfection of their souls. Writers breath life into simple words and create beings--flaws and all.
Donna Grant, Soul Scorched|I need you, lass," he whispered.	Darcy opened her eyes to find him over her. "How fast can you get out of those clothes?
Efrat Cybulkiewicz|We are worth fighting for,” we both whispered. Giving one another permission, into each other madness.
Seanan McGuire, Every Heart a Doorway|You're nobody's rainbow. You're nobody's princess. You're nobody's doorway but your own, and the only one who gets to tell you how your story ends is you.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|An Eastern poet, Ali Ben Abu Taleb, writes with sad truth, —"He who has a thousand friends has not a friend to spare,And he who has one enemy shall meet him everywhere.
Henry David Thoreau|To be immortal is commonplace; except for man, all creatures are immortal, for they are ignorant of death; what is divine, terrible, incomprehensible, is to know that one is immortal.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|A true messenger lives a burdened life. If he is the Lord’s vessel, he carries in his heart a burden for souls none can share but those who know it firsthand.
Brandon Sanderson, Words of Radiance|When a worrier acts bravery and face death in a battle, rest assured that he/she is knows that the case fought for has its values.
Neil Gaiman|I will write in words of fire.I will write them on your skin.I will write about desire.Write beginnings, write of sin.You’re the book I love the best,your skin only holds my truth, you will be a palimpsest lines of age rewriting youth. You will not burn upon the pyre. Or be buried on the shelf. You’re my letter to desire: And you’ll never read yourself. I will trace each word and comma As the final dusk descends, You’re my tale of dreams and drama, Let us find out how it ends.
Sarah Addison Allen, The Peach Keeper|...Agatha had declared that her friendship to Georgie still existed, as if it was a living, breathing thing, something that came to life the moment it happened and didn't just go away because they no longer acknowledged it.
Donna Woolfolk Cross, Pope Joan|Appreciation involves being alert to the positive aspects of the current situation and feeling thankful for what one has and for one's circumstances. This requires not only a positive perspective in the present but also conscious awareness of features in the surround. The latter, in fact, is something that may be surprisingly rare. Especially when we are engaging in routine activities, we often do so mindlessly (Langer, 1997) or as though we were on automatic pilot (Cialdini, 1993). If we learn to bring our attention to the current state, we can choose to focus on positive aspects of the situation and to remind ourselves of the potential sources of good feelings that might otherwise pass unnoticed.
Aravind Adiga, The White Tiger|Me, and thousands of others in this country like me, are half-baked, because we were never allowed to complete our schooling. Open our skulls, look in with a penlight, and you'll find an odd museum of ideas: sentences of history or mathematics remembered from school textbooks (no boy remembers his schooling like the one who was taken out of school, let me assure you), sentences about politics read in a newspaper while waiting for someone to come to an office, triangles and pyramids seen on the torn pages of the old geometry textbooks which every tea shop in this country uses to wrap its snacks in, bits of All India Radio news bulletins, things that drop into your mind, like lizards from the ceiling, in the half hour before falling asleep--all these ideas, half formed and half digested and half correct, mix up with other half-cooked ideas in your head, and I guess these half-formed ideas bugger one another, and make more half-formed ideas, and this is what you act on and live with.
Anthony Liccione|There's not a day that goes by, without me thinking of you, dying, in someone else's arms.
Kelly    Martin, When Everyone Shines But You - Saying Goodbye To I'm Not Good Enough|You are conditioned to believe that if you let go, if you surrender, you will either be a victim of circumstances and not assertive in your own being, or you will be viewed as being lazy, lacking in willpower, and un-motivated.Yet will and power cannot exist alongside one another. Motivation does not come into question when you surrender fully into the present moment. Motivation to do, to take action, to make moves, comes naturally from this surrender.
Amy Rankin, Nobody Thought I Could Do It, But I Showed Them, and So Can You!|If you want to achieve excellence, you can get there today. As of this second, quit doing less-than-excellent work.
Penny Pepper|Never place yourself above your fellow man, for we are all, each and every one of us, born of equal rights to the nourishing earth beneath and the wonder of the stars above.
Rick Riordan, The Red Pyramid|Oh you two look delicious," Bast said, licking her lips. "No, no-er, I mean wonderful. Now, off you go!
J.W. Lord|One of the things anxiety educates you in is how deeply physical thought can be, how concrete. In anxiety, there is no time to luxuriate in abstractions. It’s just you and your mind, which has fists and is using them. It may be dualistic and logically untenable to posit the situation as You v. Head; it may not make sense philosophically. But in the throes of anxiety? In the cognitive shit? There’s really no other way to think about what’s going on.
Sarah J. Pepper|Why can’t I remember that not once have I ever seen a coin, whether grimy copper or bright gold, that had but one side.
Richard Russo, Empire Falls|What if all everybody needed in the world was to be sure of one friend? What if you were the one, and you refused to say those simple words?
Elizabeth Carlton, Chivalry's Code|As man seeks justice in equality, so society seeks order in anarchy
Sarah Micklem, Firethorn|...There,in his foul, stinking cellar, our offended, down-trodden and ridiculed mouse immerses himself in cold, venomous and, cheifly, everlasting spite. For forty years on end he will remember the offence, down to the smallest and most shameful detail, constantly adding more shameful details of his own, maliciously teasing and irritating himself with his own fantasies. He himself will be ashamed of his fantasies, but nevertheless he will remember all of them, weighing them up and inventing all sorts of things that never happend to him, on the pretext that they too could have happend and he'll forgive nothing. Probably he'll start taking his revenge, but somehow in fits and starts, pettily, anonymously, from behind the stove, believing neither in his right to take revenge, nor in the success of his revenge and knowing beforehand that he will suffer one hundred times more from every single one of his attempts at revenge than the object of his revenge, who, most likely, wont't give a damn.
Stuart Firestein|Persistence in the face of failure is of course important, but it is not the same thing as dedication or passion. Persistence is a discipline that you learn; devotion is a dedication you can't ignore.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|The legacy I leave will be unimaginably enhanced by the legacies I received. Therefore, I must be wise enough to embrace the history of those who have gone before me so that I can shape the future of those who will go ahead of me.
John Clare|Poetry is ordinary language raised to the Nth power. Poetry is boned with ideas, nerved and blooded with emotions, all held together by the delicate, tough skin of words.
Chris Matthews, Tip and the Gipper: When Politics Worked|Historically, the coupling of president and Speaker has been a tricky one that encourages a choreography both quick-footed and wary
Philip Pullman|Lyra learns to her great cost that fantasy isn’t enough. She has been lying all her life, telling stories to people, making up fantasies, and suddenly she comes to a point where that’s not enough. All she can do is tell the truth. She tells the truth about her childhood, about the experiences she had in Oxford, and that is what saves her. True experience, not fantasy - reality, not lies - is what saves us in the end.
Patrick O'Brian|What to do now, Father? I am going to die like a killer, and I do not even remember killing.”“You can pray, my son. You are in the hands of God now,” said the good priest.
Marine Le Pen|Instruments sound interesting, not because of their sound, but because of the relationship a player has with them. Instrumentalists build a rapport with their instruments, which is what you like and respond to.
Forrest Breyfogle|In business presentations, positive impressions can help make a sale or win over an audience.
Scott  Thompson|Life’s short when compared to eternity, but eternity is only worth it because of life.
James McGreevey|There was no United States before slavery. I am sure somebody can make some sort of argument about modern French identity and slavery and North Africa, but there simply is no American history before black people.
Frik|I freely will the best choice, thus willing the same will
Alexandra Engellmann, Sky Ghosts: All for One|Everything had changed, and maybe she couldn’t keep up with it, but she still was good at making people regret they had ever crossed her way.
Brie Larson|If your happiness depends on what somebody else does, I guess you do have a problem.
Thomas Paine, Rights of Man|We wanted a labour force, but human beings came.
Michel de Montaigne, The Complete Essays|It is a disaster that wisdom forbids you to be satisfied with yourself and always sends you away dissatisfied and fearful, whereas stubbornness and foolhardiness fill their hosts with joy and assurance.
Robert Putnam|We are a reminder to ourselves and others that we, as individuals and as a community, are stronger than we could have ever known until the moment we endured more than we previously thought possible.
A.E.  Jones, Sentinel Lost|She doesn’t snarl. She smiles instead, but it is a half smile. She is hiding something, an imperfection. There is something about her teeth, the sides of them that she doesn’t want me to see. I am fascinated by this unseen flaw. I want to know what she is hiding. Perhaps this is what is missing from my life, some mysterious flaw that I won’t want to correct
Carl Henegan, Darkness Left Undone|Humans make their own history, but not under circumstances of their choosing.
