Paul Isaacs, Living Through the Haze|In the context of the autism world (and my outlook in general) this is were I stand equality is for everyone, everybody in the world - I look at both sides of the the coin and take into account peoples realities (that makes me neutral/moderate/in the middle). That means that you look in a more three dimensional perspective of peoples diverse realities you cannot speak for all but one can learn from EACH OTHER through listening and experiencing. I also try my best to live with the good cards I was given not over-investing in my autism being the defining factor of my being (but having a healthy acknowledgement of it) that it's there but also thinking about other qualities I have such as being a writer, poet and artist.I do have disability, I do have autism and I have a "mild" learning disability that is true but I a human being first and foremost. And for someone to be seen as person equal to everyone else is a basic human right.
Robertson Davies|A truly great book should be read in youth, again in maturity and once more in old age, as a fine building should be seen by morning light, at noon and by moonlight.
Kamand Kojouri|As long as you're not hurting anyone or anything, including your future self, do only that which makes you happy.
James Wilson|The culture without children is forever immature, self-obsessed and rightous. They cannot help the high opinion they have of themselves; there's no kids around to show them otherwise.
Roman Payne, The Wanderess|Never had we ever kissed as lovers; if we touched lips it was as brother and sister. In one moment of emotion, our lips fell together by accident, but we quickly removed ourselves as though we were children touching glass with dirty hands.
Stacey Farber|Growing up, yeah, I had a magic kit with learn tricks and learn card tricks, but I was never... I used to watch whatever magic special was on as a kid, but then, it's not that I lost interest, but to be a magician, you really, it's really hard work. Learning lines is hard enough; learning sleight of hand, that's real practice.
Joseph Conrad, Lord Jim|Sometimes it seems to me that man is come where he is not wanted, where there is no place for him; for if not, why should he want all the place? Why should he run about here and there making a great noise about himself, talking about the stars, disturbing the blades of grass?
Chris Prentiss, Be Who You Want, Have What You Want: Change Your Thinking, Change Your Life|Your perception of the world and the way you see yourself in it has created within your mind a concept, a philosophy, of the way you believe things to be.
Seth MacFarlane|Globalisation means many other countries are asserting themselves and trying to take over leadership. Please don't ask Americans to let others assume the leadership of human exploration. We can do wonderful science on the Moon, and wonderful commercial things. Then we can pack up and move on to Mars.
Oscar Wilde|Men kick friendship around like a football, but it doesn't seem to crack. Women treat it like glass and it goes to pieces.
G.A. Aiken, Supernatural|You are a pearl of great price to me, but there are times when you are an almighty trial to those who love you.
Freya Stark|Travel does what good novelists also do to the life of everyday, placing it like a picture in a frame or a gem in its setting, so that the intrinsic qualities are made more clear. Travel does this with the very stuff that everyday life is made of, giving to it the sharp contour and meaning of art.
Toni Sorenson|Angels, angels, always near, protecting you, my special dear!
Matshona Dhliwayo|Your mind is an entire world, your heart is an entire cosmos, and your soul is an entire universe.
Kim Cormack|Are you going to give her gonorrhea too, or was that gift just for me?
Augustus Waters The Fault in Our Stars|I fear oblivion' he said. "I fear it like a proverbial blind man fears the dark
Alicia Machado|Mary Lincoln provided Elizabeth Keckley with opportunities for social and economic advancement she probably had never imagined during her years as a slave, while Elizabeth offered Mary the loyal, steadfast friendship she craved but had always found so elusive.
Brian  Doyle, Mink River|If a woman does not want she actually wants, if she wants she certainly wants it!
David Sikhosana, Time Value of Money: Timing Income|Half, Not Half-Assed
Mehmet Murat ildan|Well, what was luck for if it was never to be tempted?
Kenneth Oppel, Starclimber|Let me get you all some punch,” I said.“You're leaving us?” said Isabel, sounding panicky.“I'll be right back,” I promised. “If anyone comes near you, just scream and run.
Louis Althusser|There is no such thing as an innocent reading, we must ask what reading we are guilty of.
Edmund White, City Boy: My Life in New York in the 1960s and 70s|New York is the concentrate of art and commerce and sport and religion and entertainment and finance, bringing to a single compact arena the gladiator, the evangelist, the promoter, the actor, the trader and the merchant. No one should come to New York to live unless he is willing to be lucky.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Call on God at all times, even in times of trouble.
Erik Pevernagie|She was truly happy for the first time in her life, and it felt just like living in a small room painted all white, with windows looking out onto impenetrable forest.
Victoria Aveyard|Even if hope is just a low ember at night, in the morning you can still start a fire.
Jacqueline Simon Gunn, Circle of Betrayal|We live and learn, and in betweenwe do the best we can.
Lang Leav, Memories|I have always thought of memories as fragments, like colored glass shards in a kaleidoscope. It is the source of great beauty in our lives, yet the cause of such heartache. It remains the bridge between our past and present - it gives weight and dimension to our very existence.
Sophie Hannah, The Wrong Mother|I never do enjoy my breaks, long or short...I look forward to them intensely, but as soon as they begin, I can feel them starting to end. I feel the temporariness of my freedom, and find it hard to concentrate on anything other than the sensation of it trickling away.
Fisher Amelie, Vain|Do whatever you do joyfully, because discipline - the true meaning of the word - is characterized by doing something with joy. Even the little things: see them as an opportunity, a blessing, a meditation, as spiritual practice. Then, even if it's difficult, it will be good. If you use hardships in a proper way, they can even bring peace
Oliver Markus Malloy, Bad Choices Make Good Stories|There is neither a Heaven for a Hell. Life after Death is an oxymoron. Life is just another word for existence, and Death is just another word for non-existence.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Poverty has deceived many of us into believing that some people who are in that state love the food, clothes, places, and people that they do not even like. The same can be said about wealth.
Victoria Stilwell|Poor, dear old Mack, he was ninety-eight per cent perfect. His two percent failing was that he had absolutely no idea of the value or the power of arbitration. He was the veteran of a hundred battles, and I never once could say to the other fellow, 'Your dog started it.
Anna Chlumsky|I was using computers for music in the '70s, '80s and '90s, and people didn't get it. They thought you should only use computers for your taxes and making pie charts.
Stephen Moyer|I'm a better person in a relationship, and I'm a happier person. I need to come home at the end of the day and have it not be about me and my freaking hair and makeup and character motivations anymore. And I think my work is more inspired when home is safe and sound and solid, because what I do for a living is so bananas and so insecure.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|People are fond of saying this or that "changed my life." What they mean is something influenced their life. Only Jesus Christ--or WITSEC--can really change a life.
Sabrina Benulis, Archon|I loved him, but he didn't want me anymore.I suffered, and he laughed at my umanity.This desire will be my end.
Steve Bivans, Be a Hobbit, Save the Earth: the Guide to Sustainable Shire Living|All things considered, the happiest epitaph to have etched on one's headstone is this: 'He never knew what hit him'.
A.S. King, Everybody Sees the Ants|The boys on the front had magazines with pinups, and they talked about how one day they would score women like that, but they’re kids. They don’t know what love is. Here they learn what hate is, and I am so sad that they might never know love because hate came first. Maybe they will miss out on having a woman like you, and I feel sorry for them.
Susan Sarandon|Pay equality is not going to happen because we scream and yell about it, it's going to happen when we start demandin
Dean Koontz|It doesn't change that I still want him, I still want to be with him, I still feel like the fucking air has been sucked out of the room when he walks in and I still think about him all the time.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Intelligence is seeing the ups, downs, cycles and patterns in the game of life. Wisdom is not being played or a player - but being at one with life, dancing with life, being full of life, in flow with life - glad to be alive.
Michelle Sagara West, Cast in Silence|Stop judging your life only by the failures," he whispered."What should I do?" she whispered. "I'm always going to fail.""We all do," he said softly, his voice closer now. "We all fail. But none of us fail all the time.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|Don't make fun of me!" Ender said. "I'm afraid I'm going crazy.
Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games|Yes, frosting. The final defense of the dying.
Robert Lane Greene, You Are What You Speak: Grammar Grouches, Language Laws, and the Politics of Identity|Arguments about language are usually arguments about politics, disguised and channeled through one of our most distinctive markers of identity.
Gary Mack|The worst possible approach to a problem is waiting until it becomes overwhelming or irreversible, and that is exactly what many people do. They put dealing with stress on the backburner until they start to experience all the worst symptoms of stress, and by then, it may be too late!
Gayle Forman, Where She Went|If a song's meant to stay around, you carry it with you in your bones.
Brian Doyle|There is no story that is not true," said Uchendu. "The world has no end, and what is good among one people is an abomination with others.
Michael S. Horton|The Bible will teach you, correct you, instruct you, and give you hope.
Ahsan|A momentary smile appeared on Cogo's face before fading away. No matter how many times he saw it, he was still amazed by how Kuni's sincerity shaded into an instinct for political theater. He was, of course, moved by the loyalty of a man who would rather be in jail than betray him, but he also knew to play it for all it was worth to cement even more loyalty.
Hyrum W. Smith, The 3 Gaps: Are You Making a Difference?|Your governing values should be important enough to you that you will invest your time, resources, and energy in making them a fundamental part of your life.
Lloyd Alexander|Children may not understand all that's happening below the surface of a story. It doesn't matter. Because even though they may not be able to define or verbalize it, they sense there's something more than meets the eye; on an almost subliminal level, they're aware of a richness of texture, or meaning and emotion -- a richness that, in a great book, is inexhaustible. And the child may well come back to it again and again, perhaps long after he's stopped being a child.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|I saw the apartment almost as a sanatorium, a hospice clinic for my own recovery. I painted the walls in the warmest colors I could find and bought myself flowers every week, as if I were visiting myself in the hospital.
Dada Bhagwan|Egoism devours all the energy, and in addition it makes one suffer.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh|Affliction is the wholesome soil of virtue, where patience, honor, sweet humility, and calm fortitude, take root and strongly flourish.
Maurice Maeterlinck, The Treasure of the humble|If I tell some one that I love him – as I may have told a hundred others – my words will convey nothing to him; but the silence which will ensue, if I do indeed love him, will make clear in what depths lie the roots of my love, and will in its turn give birth to a conviction, that shall itself be silent; and in the course of a lifetime, this silence and this conviction will never again be the same. …
Cristina García, Dreaming in Cuban|The AI told her not long ago that her "Why?" period might have been the shortest on record - because Mum and Dad answered every "Why?" in detail AND made sure she understood, so she wouldn't ask that particular "Why?" again. After a month "Why?" wasn't fun anymore, and she went on to other things.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Beautiful and Damned|But Dad looked delighted. "My Mia's singing 'Waiting for Vengeance' to my Teddy. What do you think about that?
Aser Alas Jr.|There’s nothing mysterious about Cosmic Ordering, it’s simply a method used to transmute thought into reality.
Guillaume Musso, Will You Be There?|When it comes to books and friends, it is best to have only a few but all good ones.
Osho, Watch and Wait: relaxing and waking up - instinct and intuition|When the ego is not, you are for the first time encountering your being. That being is void. Then you can surrender; then you have surrendered.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|As long as [man] does not convert it into action, it does not matter how much he thinks about this new repentance... Wallow in it... Write a book about it; that is often an excellent way of sterilising the seeds which [Heavenly Father] plants in a human soul... Do anything but act. No amount of piety in his imagination and affections will harm [the cause of evil] if [it is kept] out of his will... The more often he feels without acting, the less he will ever be able to act, and, in the long run, the less he will be able to feel.
Chuck Wendig, 500 Ways to Write Harder|Personal opinion time: some of the bravest, strangest, coolest stories right now are being told in the young adult space. It's stuff that doesn't fly by tropes or adhere to rules -- appropriate, perhaps, since young adults tend to flick cigarettes in the eyes of the rules and don't play by social norms as much as adults do.
Rateb Rayyes|If you look up the definition of greatness in the dictionary and found it saying;"Greatness is something lives within you"Only that moment you are ready to say I AM UNSTOPPABLE
Dada Bhagwan|Nothing can touch the one who is oodasin (one unperturbed by worldly life). After attaining Knowledge of the Self, if one applies awareness of the Self, one can remain unperturbed (oodasin).
Will Tuttle|When you argue for your limitations, Nature’s very kind it gives them to you. Just like when you desire to go beyond, Nature conspires to open ways for you.
Akash Lakhotia, World Hypnotized: Making of the Fuhrer|Never fade into your life,Never stop imagining,Never give up on your dreams,You only fail, when you think you have failed.
Moïra Fowley-Doyle|It is good for a man to invite his ghosts into his warm interior, out of the wild night, into the firelight, out of the howling dark.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Silence, like salt, only seems to be weightless. In reality, if one allows time to dampen it, it grows heavy as an anvil.
Blaise Pascal|I do not believe that God has created us under this dire necessity to toil, like beasts, to sustain life. I believe it is his will that we should hold absolute mastery over time, so as to devote it mainly to intellectual and moral improvement, domestic enjoyment, and social intercourse.
bell hooks, The Will to Change: Men, Masculinity, and Love|This fear of maleness that they inspire estranges men from every female in their lives to greater or lesser degrees, and men feel the loss. Ultimately, one of the emotional costs of allegiance to patriarchy is to be seen as unworthy of trust.
Tamera Alexander, Within My Heart|But he'd learned long ago that a life lived without risks pretty much wasn't worth living. Life rewarded courage, even when that first step was taken neck-deep in fear.
Kristen Wiig|Here's the thing - I'm single, I haven't been married, I don't have kids yet. If I do have kids I would be interested to see them in my life, so here's a movie for kids and I'm in there and I'm supposed to be kind of funny for kids.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Until there is equal and fair portion of opportunities apportioned for every citizen, the power structure may need to be restructured.
Eleanor Catton, The Luminaries|He liked lonely places, because he never really felt alone.
Ellen DeGeneres|Going vegetarian - and then vegan - has calmed me down, and it has also made me physically and emotionally strong. I do crave meat once in a while, but I find that spiritually, non-vegetarian food works against my emotional health.
Jesse Ventura|Science fiction is a way that I can go into the abstract, go into the imagination, and audiences are still willing to go along for the ride.
Millicent Carey McIntosh|Marriage, for a woman at least, hampers the two things that made life to me glorious - friendship and learning.
Lauren Graham|I said something really stupid once. I told a friend that my mother was so beautiful, but my dad was ugly. My dad heard it and just laughed it off, but I felt guilty. It haunted me for years. I should never have said that.
Azar Nafisi|An empowered organisation is one in which individuals have the knowledge, skill, desire, and opportunity to personally succeed in a way that leads to collective organisational success.
David Eddings, Queen of Sorcery|I thought you said you were the one in charge!" Ce'Nedra exclaimed.I lied." Silk said. "It's a vice I have.
Elizabeth Morgan, Stepping Stones|Pethi mou, you are one special lady. Take care of yourself. If you ever need anything, you know where I am." Then he surprised her by placing a kiss on her cheek. She savored the feel of his lips as they feathered against her skin, the gentle caressing of his hands in her hair, and she couldn't help nuzzling against him.He inhaled sharply.He cupped her head, his fingers strong, yet gentle. He kissed her hungrily.
Shivam Chaudhary, An Intellectual|Writing a book is a herculean task, but the toughest thing is to get convinced with your work, and finally give it a green signal.
Válgame, Zori 2ª Parte|Then Mr. Underwood's meaning became clear: Atticus had used every tool available to free men to save Tom Robinson, but in the secret courts of men's hearts Atticus had no case.
Alan Brennert|The phone rang. It was a familiar voice.It was Alan Greenspan. Paul O'Neill had tried to stay in touch with people who had served under Gerald Ford, and he'd been reasonably conscientious about it. Alan Greenspan was the exception. In his case, the effort was constant and purposeful. When Greenspan was the chairman of Ford's Council of Economic Advisers, and O'Neill was number two at OMB, they had become a kind of team. Never social so much. They never talked about families or outside interests. It was all about ideas: Medicare financing or block grants - a concept that O'Neill basically invented to balance federal power and local autonomy - or what was really happening in the economy. It became clear that they thought well together. President Ford used to have them talk about various issues while he listened. After a while, each knew how the other's mind worked, the way married couples do.In the past fifteen years, they'd made a point of meeting every few months. It could be in New York, or Washington, or Pittsburgh. They talked about everything, just as always. Greenspan, O'Neill told a friend, "doesn't have many people who don't want something from him, who will talk straight to him. So that's what we do together - straight talk."O'Neill felt some straight talk coming in."Paul, I'll be blunt. We really need you down here," Greenspan said. "There is a real chance to make lasting changes. We could be a team at the key moment, to do the things we've always talked about."The jocular tone was gone. This was a serious discussion. They digressed into some things they'd "always talked about," especially reforming Medicare and Social Security. For Paul and Alan, the possibility of such bold reinventions bordered on fantasy, but fantasy made real."We have an extraordinary opportunity," Alan said. Paul noticed that he seemed oddly anxious. "Paul, your presence will be an enormous asset in the creation of sensible policy."Sensible policy. This was akin to prayer from Greenspan. O'Neill, not expecting such conviction from his old friend, said little. After a while, he just thanked Alan. He said he always respected his counsel. He said he was thinking hard about it, and he'd call as soon as he decided what to do.The receiver returned to its cradle. He thought about Greenspan. They were young men together in the capital. Alan stayed, became the most noteworthy Federal Reserve Bank chairman in modern history and, arguably the most powerful public official of the past two decades. O'Neill left, led a corporate army, made a fortune, and learned lessons - about how to think and act, about the importance of outcomes - that you can't ever learn in a government.But, he supposed, he'd missed some things. There were always trade-offs. Talking to Alan reminded him of that. Alan and his wife, Andrea Mitchell, White House correspondent for NBC news, lived a fine life. They weren't wealthy like Paul and Nancy. But Alan led a life of highest purpose, a life guided by inquiry.Paul O'Neill picked up the telephone receiver, punched the keypad."It's me," he said, always his opening.He started going into the details of his trip to New York from Washington, but he's not much of a phone talker - Nancy knew that - and the small talk trailed off."I think I'm going to have to do this."She was quiet. "You know what I think," she said.She knew him too well, maybe. How bullheaded he can be, once he decides what's right. How he had loved these last few years as a sovereign, his own man. How badly he was suited to politics, as it was being played. And then there was that other problem: she'd almost always been right about what was best for him."Whatever, Paul. I'm behind you. If you don't do this, I guess you'll always regret it."But it was clearly about what he wanted, what he needed.Paul thanked her. Though somehow a thank-you didn't seem appropriate.And then he realized she was crying.
Alysia Abbott, Fairyland: A Memoir of My Father|Of course, it’s now obvious why he was so angry that day. People don’t move into hospice to live but to die. And that half an egg sandwich I ended up making him–that sandwich was the last meal he ate in our Haight-Ashbury apartment, our one true home.
Samuel Snoek-Brown, Hagridden|What do we do if we come across trouble, sir?' Cahill asked, slapping at a fly. 'As much as I enjoy giving the rebel turds a walloping, it should be down to the Militia to keep the buggers in check.''They are doing their job,' Mullone said, glancing at a free-standing Celtic Cross that had once been a prominent feature beside the road, but was now strangled with weeds, besieged with dark moss and deeply pitted with age.'If you call plundering, fighting and torture work, sir.''You don't have much faith in the peace talks then, Seán?''No, sir. There's more chance of me taking holy orders and becoming the Pope than there is of peace,' Cahill replied. 'The negotiations that spout from the politicians mouths are nothing but wet farts.
Henry A. Wallace|It is extremely difficult to obtain a hearing from men living in democracies, unless it be to speak to them of themselves. They do not attend to the things said to them, because they are always fully engrossed with the things they are doing. For indeed few men are idle in democratic nations; life is passed in the midst of noise and excitement, and men are so engaged in acting that little remains to them for thinking. I would especially remark that they are not only employed, but that they are passionately devoted to their employments. They are always in action, and each of their actions absorbs their faculties: the zeal which they display in business puts out the enthusiasm they might otherwise entertain for idea.
Faraaz Kazi, More Than Just Friends|When you love someone, you become immune to the hurt they cause you. You don’t love hoping to get something in return, you love because you have to. In its extreme form, it is a need to give, not a need to get.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|This day and every other day, listen from within, GOD lives there.
Halldór Laxness, Independent People|Remember that every day you quicken into motion waves that undulate on to the very confines of existence; you stir up waves that break upon the shores of eternity itself. And it is of much importance whether they are waves of brightness that are radiated, bearing light and fragrance far and wide, or whether they are waves of gloom, carrying misery and misfortune to loosen pent-up glaciers that will create an Ice Age of the national heart.
Mark R. Levin, Ameritopia: The Unmaking of America|Liberty is like rich food and strong wine: the strong natures accustomed to them thrive and grow even stronger on them; but they deplete, inebriate and destroy the weak.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|The power of an idea is never to be underestimated. Many a thought has survived long after its host has ceased to be. It is the power of an idea that no shield can defend against, nor sword divide, nor poison infect. As such, we must aspire to create ideas, rather than preserve life. In a sense, this is how we achieve true immortality and live on past our time.
Susanna Kaysen, Girl, Interrupted|I see now the virtue in madness, for this country knows no law nor any boundary. I pity the poor shades confined to the Euclidean prison that is sanity
Florence Kelley|Good can exist without evil, whereas evil cannot exist without good.
Ali Novak, My Life with the Walter Boys|When I can’t fall sleep, I pray.
Nick Hornby, The Polysyllabic Spree|Books are, let's face it, better than everything else. If we played Cultural Fantasy Boxing League, and made books go fifteen rounds in the ring against the best that any other art form had to offer, then books would win pretty much every time.
Frederick Vanderbuilt|On a writer’s path there are always some level of pain and solitude, life and death, love and hate, longing and fullness of soul, romance and separation, contemplation and adventure. And each one of them is constantly walking side by side in my lifetime. Always reachable by a thought.
Vanessa Gravenstein, war/SONG|A ball of fire rolled through my stomach, catching on the wings of the butterflies darting around in there and setting them up in a blaze. I bristled as Carter’s grin brushed mine, lips just barely touching.Any closer and we’d be kissing for real, plunging straight off this knife edge we balanced on.
Blind Melon|All I can do is read a book to stay awake, and it rips my life away, but it's a great escape.
David Kirby, Get Up, Please: Poems|Most fires crackle and pop, but that's not really the fire talking, it's the wood. To hear the fire itself you need a huge blaze like this one, a furnace so powerful it roars with its own wind. I crouched as close as I dared and listened to its voice, a whispered howl of joy and rage.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Your complaints, your drama, your victim mentality, your whining, your blaming, and all of your excuses have NEVER gotten you even a single step closer to your goals or dreams. Let go of your nonsense. Let go of the delusion that you DESERVE better and go EARN it! Today is a new day!
R.M. Engelhardt (TALON), The Last Cigarette: The Collected Poems Of R.M. Engelhardt 1989-2006|The man is in his work,read it if you want to know about him.
Heather Fleener, Broken|That is not what I was saying, you crazy twit!" Kylie faced her with a growl, causing Kat to reach over and smack her on the upper arm...hard, "Cut its out! You don not get to play the I'm-so-dark-and- twisty-I-deserve-to-be-punished card.
Jodi Picoult, The Pact|You always knew after shitty things happened, who your friends really were.
Frank Kusy, Rupee Millionaires|He was lonely. I could see that. He was working his butt off-and mine, too-in the hope that a million rupees might sort out his sex life. I prayed to Buddha he would be successful. If he didn't get some action soon, I doubted I would, either.
Karen  Gibbs, A Gallery of Scrapbook Creations|FATE decides who you meet in your life, your HEART chooses who you want in your life, but your CHOICES decide who will stay
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making|The sun hitched up her trousers and soldiered on up into the sky. September squinted at it and wondered if the sun here was different than the sun in Nebraska. It seemed gentler, more golden, deeper. The shadows it cast seemed more profound. But September could not be sure. When one is traveling, everything looks brighter and lovelier. That does not mean that it is brighter and lovelier; it just means that sweet, kindly home suffers in comparison to tarted-up foreign places with all their jewels on.
Erich Maria Remarque, A Time to Love and a Time to Die|He’s afraid," Graber said."Yes, naturally. But he’s a good dog.""And a man-eater.""We’re all that.""Why?""We are. And we think, just like that dog, that we are still good. And just like him we are looking for a bit of warmth and light and friendship.
Edna Ferber, So Big|Where are you going this hot day, Mis’ DeJong?”Selina sat up very straight. “To Bagdad, Mrs. Pool.”“To — Where’s that? What for?”“To sell my jewels, Mrs. Pool. And to see Aladdin, and Harun-al-Rashid and Ali Baba. And the Forty Thieves.”Mrs. Pool had left her rocker and had come down the steps. The wagon creaked on past her gate. She took a step or two down the path, and called after them. “I never heard of it. Bag — How do you get there?”Over her shoulder Selina called out from the wagon seat. “You just go until you come to a closed door. And you say ‘Open Sesame!’ and there you are.”Bewilderment shadowed Mrs. Pool’s placid face. As the wagon lurched on down the road it was Selina who was smiling and Mrs. Pool who was serious.The boy, round eyed, was looking up at his mother. “That’s out of Arabian Nights, what you said. Why did you say that?” Suddenly excitement tinged his voice. “That’s out of the book. Isn’t it? Isn’t it! We’re not really ——”She was a little contrite, but not very. “Well, not really, perhaps. But ’most any place is Bagdad if you don’t know what will happen in it. And this is an adventure, isn’t it, that we’re going on? People in disguise in the Haymarket. Caliphs, and princes, and slaves, and thieves, and good fairies, and witches.”“In the Haymarket! That Pop went to all the time! That is just dumb talk.
Brian Tracy, Maximum Achievement: Strategies and Skills that Will Unlock Your Hidden Powers to Succeed|Your thoughts, vividly imagined and repeated, charged with emotion, become your reality.
John Nunley|How on earth did I get here, and where the hell are my pants?
Adam Hall, Quiller|She was beginning to stir questions in me that I'd spent all my life refusing to ask, since the day I had looked down from the window at the broken body of the schoolboy on the flagstones a long way below, while a master hurried from the cloisters with his black gown flapping in the winter wind, to see what had happened: the day when I was suddenly old enough to understand that I had a choice. I could either do what that other boy had done, or I could spend the rest of my life outside society, where it was safe
Sarah Winman|Awake and asleep the novel is with you, dogging your footsteps. Strange formless bits of material float out from the ether about you and attach themselves to the main body of the story as though they had hung suspended in air for years, waiting.
Elizabeth McCracken|Grief lasts longer than sympathy, which is one of the tragedies of the grieving.
Kurt Schwitters|This is what is known as perspective, and it is a swindle.
Joan Rivers, Enter Talking|The act of creation fascinates me. You can only sit with blank page and wait. You cannot press a button, cannot program it.
Cass Sunstein|For much of its existence, design was all about convenience. We wanted to hide technology so that users are not distracted into thinking about the tools they use.
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|Meditation is a powerful way to enhance your attention, develop your ability to think mindfully, and to use the unlimited creative potential of your mind.
Debasish Mridha|It takes many years to build good reputations, but it takes a few minutes for their destruction.
Joel Derfner, Swish: My Quest to Become the Gayest Person Ever|Which sort of shows why my body is an idiot, because forced narcolepsy is pretty much the worst defense ever.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide|If you align your vibrations and frequencies with those things you desire, you will acquire them.
Thomas Paine, Rights of Man|Your Potential is an OBLIGATION.Its what you MUST be,do and have because you CAN. You Can, you Must, You will
Bryan Fuller|Military intelligence interrogators, however, their goal is to get information, to save lives, to stop the war, to find Saddam - whatever the information is going to be used for, at whatever cost.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If I had a single wish, I would wish sixty seconds of total depravity upon myself. For one of the greatest gifts of all is to have ‘nothing’ so that I can finally learn how to appreciate ‘everything’.
Steve Maraboli|Learn from your history, but don’t live in it.
William Shakespeare, Venus and Adonis|The tender spring upon thy tempting lipShows thee unripe; yet mayst thou well be tasted:Make use of time, let not advantage slip;Beauty within itself should not be wasted:Fair flowers that are not gather'd in their primeRot and consume themselves in little time.
Eoin Colfer, The Arctic Incident|The craft's occupants clutched their armrests, and more than one of them closed their eyes. But not Artemis. He couldn't. There was something morbidly fascinating about flying into an uncharted tunnel at a reckless speed with only a kleptomaniac dwarf's word for what lay at the other end.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|A seminary professor I once knew told his students, “Never preach about hell without tears in your eyes.
Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce|I sensed he may have occasionally strayed in some of his past relationships. It was something I felt but ignored, a rent in the fabric of an otherwise splendid garment I thought I could mend. I thought I could live with it—I thought, yes and I admit it, that I would be different. That at the very least, middle age and children would slow him down; however, they seemed to accelerate his pace.
Phoolan Devi, The Bandit Queen of India: An Indian Woman's Amazing Journey from Peasant to International Legend|I decided I would go with them, but it would be at my father's house that I would eat. I would share his food, and his poverty.
Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland & Through the Looking-Glass|When I use a word,' Humpty Dumpty said in a rather scornful tone, 'it means just what I choose it to mean - neither more nor less.
Nicholas Gane, Max Weber and Postmodern Theory: Rationalization Versus Re-enchantment|... It is not possible, says Weber, to confer the objective validity of facts on the basis of a value-judgement; and second, it is not possible to judge the value of values through the use of scientific reason. This leads him to maintain a distinction between science and ethics, the former dealing with questions of fact, the latter with questions of value.
Steven Magee|Early accounts of the abundance of fish and wildlife offer us a window to the past that helps reveal the magnitude of subsequent declines. They provide us with benchmarks against which we can compare the condition of today's seas. Such benchmarks are valuable in countering the phenomenon of shifting environmental baselines, whereby each generation comes to view the environment into which it was born as natural, or normal. Shifting environmental baselines cause a collective societal amnesia in which gradual deterioration of the environment and depletion of wildlife populations pass almost unnoticed. Our expectations diminish with time, and with them goes our will to do something about the losses.
Andre Benjamin|I'm in this really cool place in my career, where the stage I'm on that night, whether it's the Paisley tour, the CMT tour, or a bar with 10 people in it, it is the most important show I've ever played in my life. I go to the ends of my imagination to do something that's unforgettable every night.
Molly Ringle, The Ghost Downstairs|Did you look up 'incubus'?" Ren asked, in her ear. She heard a smile in his voice."Yes. Let's see, 'a lascivious spirit supposed to have sexual intercourse with women in their sleep,' if I remember right.""There. And you thought it wasn't possible. It's common enough they actually had to make up a word for it.""Well, if you've been doing that, then you must have been discreet, because I sure haven't noticed.""It's not my preferred method," he said. "I always wake them up first.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|If you take steps based on fantasies and illusions, you shall meet realities and remember the had I knows in sorrow
Robin Rumi, Naked Morsels: Short Stories of Spiritual Erotica|I am Shakti, as well as Shiva. I am everything male and female, light and dark, flesh and spirit. Perfectly balanced in one single moment lasting an eternity...
Robin Bertram|Godly character is what you are when you've been tried and proven. It is not what you say you are, or what people think you are but, instead, it is what shines through after you have suffered and have endured. It is the proof of your genuineness.
Marty Rubin|You can't know people, only their names.
Sarah Orne Jewett, A Country Doctor|There are plenty of people dragging themselves miserably through the world, because they are clogged and fettered with work for which they have no fitness... I can't help believing that nothing is better than to find one's work early and hold fast to it, and put all one's heart into it.
Joan Bauer|If only we correct our eating habits than not only we would have perfect body weight but also we can get rid of most of the diseases.- Subodh Gupta , author "7 food habits for weight loss forever".
Charles de Montesquieu|Follow the path of the unsafe, independent thinker. Expose your ideas to the danger of controversy. Speak your mind and fear less the label of 'crackpot' than the stigma of conformity.
Steve Sheinkin, Bomb: The Race to Build—and Steal—the World's Most Dangerous Weapon|The man is a monster. The worst I have ever seen, in fact, since I last looked in the mirror. The truth? I am rotting too. I am buried alive, and already rotting. If I was not such a coward I would kill myself, but I am, and so I must content myself with killing others in the hope that one day, if I can only wade deep enough in blood, I will come out clean.
Octavia E. Butler|I'm not into organized religion. I'm into believing in a higher source of creation, realizing we're all just part of nature.
Bill Maher, The New New Rules: A Funny Look At How Everybody But Me Has Their Head Up Their Ass|We loved our homeland for thousands of years which cost us climate change and environmental degradation because we were too selfish to care about the nature, now it is time that we must love our world at least for a little time.
George Reisman|In spite of its alluring name, the welfare state stands or falls by compulsion. It is compulsion imposed upon us with the state’s power to punish noncompliance. Once this is clear, it is equally clear that the welfare state is an evil the same as every restriction of freedom.
Joss Whedon|Why anybody gets my sense of humor I never know, but I do know that when they do, I keep them as close as I possibly can.
Roxanne Snopek, Finding Home|I wonder if you could do me a favor," he said, angling his body away from Jade. From the corner of his eye, he saw her tip her head watchfully."What's that?" said Samara with a frown."There's a park across town that perfect for walking dogs. I love to go there on Sunday afternoons but, well, as it happens, I don't have a dog."A slow smile spread across Samara's face."You want to borrow Bob.""I understand it's a lot to ask. Dogs being as precious as they are and all. I know Jade could never part with Bob, even for a little while." then, he put his finger to his chin, as if the idea had just occurred to him. "You could join me if you wanted to. I guess.
Dada Bhagwan|Keep one goal only and that is ‘to know thy Self [Soul]’. Do not be insistent about ‘I want to do this and do that’. Whatever happens, at whatever time, is correct.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|At every level in our inventory, nothing seems special about our Earth, our Sun, our Galaxy, our Local Group. Evidently, mediocrity reigns throughout. Such is our niche in the Universe.
Viktor E. Frankl|The death penalty is ineffective as a deterrent, and the appeals process is expensive and cruel to the surviving family members.
Lailah Gifty Akita|One mind, One master.
Will Advise|If it's public, it's not bonding.
Edna St. Vincent Millay, Mine the Harvest|And must I then, indeed, Pain, live with youall through my life?-sharing my fire, my bed,Sharing-oh, worst of all things!-the same head?-And, when I feed myself, feeding you too?
Charlotte Eriksson|There are boys lying awake, hating themselves. There are boys screwing for the right reasons and boys screwing for the wrong ones. There are boys sleeping on benches and under bridges, and luckier unlucky boys sleeping in shelters, which feel like safety but not like home. There are boys so enraptured by love that they can't get their hearts to slow down enough to get some rest, and other boys so damaged by love that they can't stop picking at their pain. There are boys who clutch secrets at night in the same way they clutch denial in the day. There are boys who do not think of themselves at all when they dream. There are boys who will be woken in the night. There are boys who fall asleep with phones to their ears.
Ricki-Lee Coulter|It more or less has the shape of a love song, but 'Crescent Moon' reflects more my longing for an ancient romantic context that includes wild animals, fire, danger of death, stellar navigation, and seasonal intuition.
jagvir ji|who are you to teach me about life " she said"I'm yourself in just another body " he said nd smiled "but i dont know all this" she wondered "we know everything but we have forgotten our real self nd replace it with false identity, whatever you see is the extension of your self nd i hope one day you will able to relize that " he said without expression
Sunday Adelaja|God’s word guarantees our victory, instead of shame, he gives His children victory
Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power|Write it on your heart you are the most beautiful soul of the Universe. Realize it, honor it and celebrate the life.
William Golding, Darkness Visible|If you start by hating one or two people, you won't be able to stop. Pretty soon you'll hate a hundred people.
Hui Hai, Zen Teaching of Instantaneous Awakening|Your Treasure House is in yourself, it contains all you need
Jennifer Niven, All the Bright Places|I'm a writer, but I'm not writing to entertain you, I'm writing to keep alive my knowledge.
Anatole France|I think for a lot of people, bowling is sort of a joke. But I love it, and it means a lot to me, so any chance to help promote it or celebrate it or not make the hackiest jokes - 'Bowlers are like plumbers and they wear the craziest shirts!' - I'm way into.
Jean-Paul Sartre|The proof that the little prince existed is that he was charming, that he laughed, and that he was looking for a sheep. If anybody wants a sheep, that is a proof that he exists.
Mario Cuomo|Noir is a court of human relations, and some crimes are beyond legal restitution.
Tiffany Madison, Black and White|If we don't fight for what we 'stand for' with our passionate words and honest actions, do we really 'stand' for anything?
L.A. Kennedy|He who on earth has lived in the conjugal state as he should live, will be placed among the Gods who dwell in heaven
Sarah Lacy|I am a huge supporter for cash for caulkers - which allows people to make improvement for energy efficient in their homes. We should do the same for Americans purchasing appliances and computers and for that matter, new air-conditioner and heating units.
Bible, NIV Pocket Cross-Reference Bible Niv372z Black Bonded Leather, with Zip Fastener|A knife may scar a body, but a careless word will wound a soul.
Thomas Merton, A Thomas Merton Reader|We are fools, not by our religious beliefs,however by what we are lead to believe by those who control what information we receive
Bonnie Greer, A Parallel Life|If oppression produced saints, we’d want everyone to be oppressed.
James Frey|The Christian religion not only was at first attended with miracles, but even at this day cannot be believed by any reasonable person without one.
Hiromi Kawakami, Nadepnęłam na węża|Then she leant over and kissed him very slowly, with infinite tenderness. As if she had had to wait an eternity to do so.
Agatha Christie, Murder on the Orient Express|The language of mathematics differs from that of everyday life, because it is essentially a rationally planned language. The languages of size have no place for private sentiment, either of the individual or of the nation. They are international languages like the binomial nomenclature of natural history. In dealing with the immense complexity of his social life man has not yet begun to apply inventiveness to the rational planning of ordinary language when describing different kinds of institutions and human behavior. The language of everyday life is clogged with sentiment, and the science of human nature has not advanced so far that we can describe individual sentiment in a clear way. So constructive thought about human society is hampered by the same conservatism as embarrassed the earlier naturalists. Nowadays people do not differ about what sort of animal is meant by Cimex or Pediculus, because these words are used only by people who use them in one way. They still can and often do mean a lot of different things when they say that a mattress is infested with bugs or lice. The study of a man's social life has not yet brought forth a Linnaeus. So an argument about the 'withering away of the State' may disclose a difference about the use of the dictionary when no real difference about the use of the policeman is involved. Curiously enough, people who are most sensible about the need for planning other social amenities in a reasonable way are often slow to see the need for creating a rational and international language.
Rosamund Lupton, Sister|Your paintings are staggeringly beautiful. Did I ever tell you that,or was I just too concerned that you weren't going to earn a living? I know the answer...I worried that the paint was so thickly applied that it might snap off and ruin someone's carpet, rather than realizing that you'd made color itself tactile.
Tim Campbell|Writers are born, not created.
George MacDonald, Mary Marston|The only way you’re going to be defeated is if you allow your brain to shut down your body. If you stop making progress, you’re damned.
C.S. Lewis|If God thinks this state of war in the universe a price worth paying for free will - that is, for making a live world in which creatures can do real good or harm and something of real importance can happen, instead of a toy world which only moves when He pulls the strings - then we may take it (that) it is worth paying.
Daniel Pauly|I don't think Hollywood makes many good films anymore. How many directors can you really trust to have an artistic vision, not a corporate vision or a watered-down communal one?
Matshona Dhliwayo|If a lion invites you home for dinner, it is you he wants to serve as a meal to his guests.
Charles Dickens, A Christmas Carol|The Bible speaks of the Word of God as added. Sometimes it's planted by the wayside, and nothing grows there. Sometimes it's sown among the thorns and represents the person who makes the decision an then goes back to his old life of bars and chasing women or whatever. A third seed is sown among the rocks. There's sand and dirt between the rocks, and when it rains you'll see a stalk of green coming up. But on the first day with sunshine it wilts because there is no room for roots.The fourth seed is planted on fertile soil, and finally it takes hold and has a chance to grow and live. That's what happened to me.
Amin Maalouf|Human beings *do* metamorphose. They change their identity constantly. However, each new identity thrives on the delusion that it was always in possession of the body it has just conquered.
Amy Reed, Clean|It wasn't the first time I'd been with someone, but it was different this time. Maybe it was because when I told them I was bisexual they weren't like the girls who thought I was *really* a lesbian; they weren't like the boys who thought it was hot. Maybe it was because when they told me they were genderqueer I just said that I knew and they cried as they smiled at me. Or maybe it was just because our limbs fit together, maybe because it tasted like salt water and was the colour of sunlight through grass. Or maybe it was just all these things.
Lucas Remmerswaal, The A-Z of 13 Habits: Inspired by Warren Buffett|I is for Integrity, be honest with yourself and others.
J.L. Sheppard, Heavenly Desire|And the more he gazed at her, the more he felt a twinge of something he couldn’t quite describe, an unknown surge that bubbled inside him from the first moment he’d caught sight of her, and it wouldn’t release him.
Angelina Jolie|My father was a soldier. He was a frogman in the special forces in Denmark before I was born, and always the reality of that inspired me. My mom is very left-wing, classic socialist, and she always talked about the solders as almost crazy, violent, sick people, and I want to confront that because its very judgmental, and I'm not sure it's true.
Lori Nelson Spielman, The Life List|There will be another sky, my love, just you wait
Anna Kavan, Asylum Piece|A human being can only endure depression up to a certain point; when this point of saturation is reached it becomes necessary for him to discover some element of pleasure, no matter how humble or on how low a level, in his environment if he is to go on living at all. In my case these insignificant birds with their subdued colourings have provided just sufficient distraction to keep me from total despair. Each day I find myself spending longer and longer at the window watching their flights, their quarrels, their mouse-quick flutterings, their miniature feuds and alliances. Curiously enough, it is only when I am standing in front of the window that I feel any sense of security. While I am watching the birds I believe that I am comparatively immune from the assaults of life. The very indifference to humanity of these wild creatures affords me a certain safeguard. Where all else is dangerous, hostile and liable to inflict pain, they alone can do me no injury because, probably, they are not even aware of my existence. The birds are at once my refuge and my relaxation.
Shirley Temple|Being famous is just like being in high school. But I'm not interested in being the cheerleader. I'm not interested in being Gwen Stefani. She's the cheerleader, and I'm out in the smoker shed.
Steve Maraboli|I remember laughing at that moment, and I remember my son frowning at me in puzzlement. What I remember best of all, though, was the sudden certainty that the gods were with me, that they would fight for me, that my sword would be their sword. ‘We’re going to win,’ I told my son. I felt as if Odin or Thor had touched me. I had never felt more alive and never felt more certain. I knew there would be no more mistakes and that this was no dream.I had come to Bebbanburg and Bebbanburg would be mine.
Tom Bissell, The Father of All Things: A Marine, His Son, and the Legacy of Vietnam|In the emergency of growing up, we all need heroes. But the father I grew up with was no hero to me, not then. He was too wounded in the head, too endlessly and terribly sad. Too funny, too explosive, too confusing. Heroes are uncomplicated. *This* makes them do *that*… But the war does not make sense. War senselessly wounds everyone right down the line. A body bag fits more than just its intended corpse. Take the 58,000 American soldiers lost in Vietnam and multiply by four, five, six—and only then does one begin to realize the damage this war has done… War when necessary, is unspeakable. When unnecessary, it is unforgivable. It is not an occasion for heroism. It is an occasion only for survival and death. To regard war in any other way only guarantees its inevitable reappearance.
Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar|I felt Mr Willard had deserted me. I thought he must have planned it all along, but Buddy said No, his father simply couldn't stand the sight of sickness and especially his own son's sickness, because he thought all sickness was sickness of the will. Mr Willard had never been sick a day in his life.
Rachel E. Carter, Apprentice|I know exactly who you are.” I took a step forward, and another, until I was standing right in front of him. Then my words turned to ice. “You are the selfish, spineless son of a king who is too afraid to be his own man. You would rather hide behind your status than fight for something that could actually mean something.” There, that felt good. “And it’s a shame, really it is, because, according to you, I was the one true friend you had.
Kiersten White, Perfect Lies|Tis Fate that flings the dice,And as she flingsOf kings makes peasants,And of peasants kings.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When you have grace to speak kind words, declare the sacred-words.
Jennifer Donnelly, A Northern Light|And I knew in my bones that Emily Dickinson wouldn't have written even one poem if she'd had two howling babies, a husband bent on jamming another one into her, a house to run, a garden to tend, three cows to milk, twenty chickens to feed, and four hired hands to cook for. I knew then why they didn't marry. Emily and Jane and Louisa. I knew and it scared me. I also knew what being lonely was and I didn't want to be lonely my whole life. I didn't want to give up on my words. I didn't want to choose one over the other. Mark Twain didn't have to. Charles Dickens didn't.
AVA., you are safe here.|do not let anyone inuntil they love you so fiercely,you have no defense against their love.
Pat Gillick|I didn't have a lot of communication with Elvis. You had to go through a barricade to get to Elvis. It was people hanging on every word, and I felt very uncomfortable a lot of times.
Fox Benwell, Kaleidoscope Song|Rainbow on the inside!” He giggles. “Can you imagine if we all took them for Pride? Dozens of us. Hundreds. Thousands? All of us marching, rainbow to the core?
Orson Scott Card, Shadow of the Giant|Life is full of grief, to exactly the degree we allow ourselves to love other people.
Joey Lawsin|Instead of narrowing our allegiances to only include our favored nation, let us sing an anthem to the marvelous human being.
Christopher Lee|My personal sources in the intelligence community and the military are very good. They're excellent. I have very high-up, in-depth sources.
Clarice Lispector, The Passion According to G.H.|Many people are caught up with the toys of contemporary society. Because of great advancements in our culture, some have cultivated an attitude of “comfortability.” They may be going to hell, but it is going to be a comfortable ride for them.
Russell Simmons, Success Through Stillness: Meditation Made Simple|I understand that for beginners it isn't that easy to sit down, close your eyes, and settle into stillness. Your thoughts have gotten used to making SO MUCH NOISE! They have enjoyed too much influence over you to simply fade the first time you try.
Melissa Etheridge|Bruce has always been so nice to me, which is crazy, because he's one of my heroes. I'll never forget being at a Rock and Roll Hall of Fame ceremony the year Bruce and Paul McCartney were inducted. We were at the bar, and Bruce was talking to Paul, and he turned to me and said, 'I can't believe I'm talking to Paul McCartney!' I thought, 'I can't believe I'm talking to Bruce Springsteen, who's talking to Paul McCartney!
Ty Patterson, The Warrior|You gotta fish or cut bait,man.This has gone on long enough. You're playing with fire, every damn time you walk in this bar.
Robin Wasserman, The Book of Blood and Shadow|And you know what? If there is a God, and it's that same God who's so eager to have temples built in honor of his greatness, and wars fought over him, and people dropping to their knees telling him what a wonderful, magnificent being he is? If this all-powerful, all-knowing creature for some reason just can't get by without my worship? Then let him give me some proof. Or at least get over himself if I decide to go out and get some.
Swami Dhyan Giten, Presence - Working from Within. The Psychology of Being|Presence is to meet another person in meditation. Presence is to invite another person in meditation. It is a meeting in love, joy, acceptance, sincerity, truth, silence and oneness.
Charlotte Brontë|-the apartment had been directly in the sight line of a Serb sniper across the river. Teta-Jozefina was a devout Catholic, but she somehow managed to believe in essential human goodness, despite all the abundant evidence to the contrary surrounding her. She felt that the sniper was essentially a good man because during the siege, she said, he had often shot over her and her husband's heads to warn them that he was watching and that they shouldn't move so carelessly in their own apartment.
Daniel Woodrell, Woe to Live on|The river moves, but it follows a path. When it tires of one journey, it rubs through some rock to forge a new way. Hard work, but that's its nature.
Maitreya Rudrabhayananda|You are never listening to what someone is saying, you are only ever listening to what you are hearing
Debasish Mridha|Be an example, be kind and be simple.
Justin Somper, Demons of the Ocean|She's kind of a, well, you know, a B with an itch.
Helen Ellis, American Housewife|When you're fighting a crowd, it's good to shout potentially threatening things like "Crossbows!" or "Fire!" or "Giant Flying Cat!" every once in a while.
Charles M. Schulz, Charles M. Schulz: Conversations|I don't think God wants to be worshiped. I think the only pure worship of God is by loving one another, and I think all other forms of worship became a substitute for the love that we should show one another.
Clarice Lispector, Near to the Wild Heart|At this point, the jealousy that tortured me all my life commenced, and the force with which it came over me marked me forever. It became my true passion, utterly heedless of any attempts at convincing me or pointing out a better way.
T. Torrest, Down the Shore|They said 'ski', but they heard 'vodka'!
Philip Larkin, Philip Larkin: Letters to Monica|I have a sense of melancholy isolation, life rapidly vanishing, all the usual things. It's very strange how often strong feelings don't seem to carry any message of action.
Benjamin Brindise, I Was a Lid|I think it was C.S. Lewis that asked, 'Do not most people simply drift away?'. I've always been a reader and for the longest time that stuck with me because I was at war with it. How can people 'simply' drift away?
Alice Walker|All her young life she has tried to please her father, never quite realizing that, as a girl, she never could.
Flora Rheta Schreiber|Will there never be an end that also has a beginning? Will there never be continuity bridging the awful void between now and some other time, a time in the future, a time in the past?
Stephen King, Pet Sematary|He held her and rocked her, believing, rightly or wrongly, that Ellie wept for the very intractability of death, its imperviousness to argument or to a little girl’s tears; that she wept over its cruel unpredictability; and that she wept because of the human being’s wonderful, deadly ability to translate symbols into conclusions that were either fine and noble or blackly terrifying. If all those animals had died and been buried, then Church could die	(any time!)	and be buried; and if that could happen to Church, it could happen to her mother, her father, her baby brother. To herself. Death was a vague idea; the Pet Sematary was real. In the texture of those rude markers were truths which even a child’s hands could feel.
Rhys Bowen, Her Royal Spyness|People don't usually think about the meaning of the words they say. It seems to them that words convey truth. That when someone hears the word "red" he will think of a ripe raspberry and not a pool of blood. That the word "love" will evoke Shakespeare's sonnets and not the erotic films of Playboy. And they find themselves baffled when the word they've spoken doesn't evoke the right response.
John Irving|It was one of those ridiculous arrangements that couples make when they are separating, but before they are divorced - when they still imagine that children and property can be shared with more magnanimity than recrimination.
Leif Enger, So Brave, Young, and Handsome|Whenever I didn't know what to write next, I put a swift river in front of his horse and sent the two of them across!
Rachel Neumeier, Land of the Burning Sands|Instead of saying; "WWJD (What would Jesus do)?" I will be asking myself "WIDTM(Will I Do This Do Myself"Because Jesus said, "Love your neighbors as if you love yourself."So I will quote I will treat others as if I am treating myself
Tim Wise, White Like Me: Reflections on Race from a Privileged Son|Our love of lockstep is our greatest curse, the source of all that bedevils us. It is the source of homophobia, xenophobia, racism, sexism, terrorism, bigotry of every variety and hue, because it tells us there is one right way to do things, to look, to behave, to feel, when the only right way is to feel your heart hammering inside you and to listen to what its timpani is saying.
John Muir, Stickeen|What a psalm the storm was singing, and how fresh the smell of the washed earth and leaves, and how sweet the still small voices of the storm!
Denis Johnson, Tree of Smoke|We live in the post-trash, man. It'll be a real short eon. Down in the ectoplasmic circuitry where humanity's leaders are all linked up unconsciously with each other and with the masses, man, there's been this unanimous worldwide decision to trash the planet and get on to a new one.
Ryan Lilly|As soon as he said it was okay to do engineering, that really freed me up. My psychological block was really that I didn't want to start a company. Because I was just afraid. In business and politics, I wasn't going to be a real strong participant. I wasn't going to tell other people how to do things. I wasn't going to run things ever in my life. I was a non-political person and I was a very non-forceful person. It dated back to a lot of things that happened during the Vietnam War. But I just couldn't run a company.
Rachel Caine, Bite Club|I understood. I suffered. But whose sake was I suffering for? I kept thinking of Señor Saguaro's question: Whose affection do you value more, hers or the others'?
Kristin Cashore|I had found by experience that putting things down on paper helped to clear the mind in precisely the same way, as Mrs. Mullet had taught me, that an eggshell clarifies the consommé or the coffee, which, of course, is a simple matter of chemistry. The albumin contained in the eggshell has the property of collecting and binding the rubbish that floats in the dark liquid, which can then be removed and discarded in a single reeking clot: a perfect description of the writing process.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D., Engineering Success: The True Meaning of Leadership and Team Building|We rely on our education, on our judgment and our intuition to make decisions, but sometimes we find ourselves in the most dangerous scenario we can be in as individuals or as team, when we don’t know that we don’t know but we believe we do know.
Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi, Creativity: Flow and the Psychology of Discovery and Invention|My students still don't know what they will never be. Their hope is so bright I can almost see it.I used to value the truth of whether this student or that one would achieve the desired thing. I don't value that truth anymore as much as I value their untested hope. I don't care that one in two hundred of them will ever become what they feel they must become. I care only that I am able to witness their faith in what's coming next.I no longer believe in anything other than the middle, but my students still believe in beginnings. Ask them, and they will tell you that everything is about to start in just a moment, just one more moment.
Thomas More|No one, on his deathbed, ever regretted having been a Catholic.
Jim Butcher, Skin Game|I was accused of always acting superior. Always means being, not acting.
M. Fethullah Gülen, Speech and Power of Expression: On Language, Esthetics, and Belief|In fact, poetry has always been like archives that peoples have continually used to serve their feelings, thoughts, national identities and cultures, and it has served as a factor uniting different historical periods. Those who had lost contact with their past for a certain period found and experienced the expression of their own selves in poetry, and the were able to see their history as a whole in it.
László Krasznahorkai, Destruction and Sorrow beneath the Heavens: Reportage|Europeans believe that culture is something they can grasp and touch because, for them, culture is comprised of objects, or remnants of objects, and this object, this remnant, conceals within it the essence of the original. For the Chinese, the matter is completely different---for them, the essence of culture can only be preserved in spiritual form.
Helene Wecker, The Golem and the Jinni|On a cloudless night, inky dark, with only a rind of a moon above, the Golem and the Jinni went walking together along the Prince Street rooftops.
Ellen DeGeneres|It's a little weird that I'm getting an award for being nice and generous and kind... which is what we're all supposed to do for one another. That's the point of being human. I think that kindness is an innate quality that we all have. We need to see more of it in the world. I want everyone to know that we all really, really love one another. Deep down, we all love one another. We need to get back to that. My wish is that we all try.
andrey tarkovsky|I've never seen Star Wars or The Godfather, so that would be a good excuse for us to spend a bunch of time together.
Lysander Spooner|Everybody understands friendship, and friendship is different than love - it's a different kind of love. Friendship has more freedom, more latitude. You don't expect your friend to be as you think your friend should be; you expect your friend just to love you as a friend.
Piero Olmeda, Of Time and Goats|we are two like-minded creatures too well-matched, both equal halves of a whole not altogether wholesome
Debasish Mridha|Keep windows of your mind always open, and let the breeze of peace come in with the fragrance of happiness.
Rachel Van Dyken, Ruin|What do you love more?” she teased. “My hair or my heart?” “Why give me only two choices? Don’t leave out your legs, your laugh, the way you bite your lip when you’re thinking, the feel of your breath on my face, the sound of your voice in the morning, the way you taste, the three freckles on your nose, the fan of your eyelashes, the caring spirit, the determined soul — so why stop at your hair and your heart? How do you expect me to choose? When what I love the most about you — is you.
Madeleine Brent, Moonraker's Bride|It's good to remember even during your darkest hour, you are not here to be punished.You are here to serve.
Rachel Caine, Lord of Misrule|I know you want me to feel some sympathy for them, but that's not who I am. I care only about those I know, and even then, not all that deeply. Strangers get nothing from me.
Ella Wilcox Wheeler|The fortunate is he whose earnest purpose never swerves,Whose slightest action or inaction servesThe one great aim.Why, even Death stands still, And waits an hour sometimesFor such a will.
Naomi Benaron, Running the Rift|It is love, the teeth told him, that resurrects life from death. Leave us here. Turn your head to the living.
Laura     Miller, My Butterfly|If someone would have asked him to describe that moment, he would have failed miserably. The only thing he knew was this is how it felt to love and be loved in return. Till now love as a feeling was alien to him but tonight he had witnessed its definitions in the most profound manner ever possible.
Jason Potts, The New Evolutionary Microeconomics: Complexity, Competence and Adaptive Behaviour|To be ordinary is a choice, for everyone has it in them to become extraordinary.
Georges Bernanos, The Diary of a Country Priest|Satan is too hard a master. He would never command as did the Other with divine simplicity: 'Do likewise.' The devil will have no victims resemble him. He permits only a rough caricature, impotent, abject, which has to serve as food for eternal irony, the mordant irony of the depths.
Eric Weiner, The Geography of Genius: A Search for the World's Most Creative Places from Ancient Athens to Silicon Valley|It's a silly argument, and unnecessary. Creativity doesn't happen "in here" or "out there" but in the spaces in between. Creativity is a relationship, one that unfolds at the intersection of person and place.
Stephanie Perkins, Anna and the French Kiss|I have a rule.""Elaborate."The statue is still warm from the previous visitors. "I ask myself, if the worst happened—if I did get knocked up-would I be embarrassed to tell my child who his father was? If the answer is anywhere even remotely close to yes, then there's no way."He nods slowly. "That's a good rule.
Hunter S. Thompson, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas|No sympathy for the devil; keep that in mind. Buy the ticket, take the ride...and if it occasionally gets a little heavier than what you had in mind, well...maybe chalk it up to forced consciousness expansion: Tune in, freak out, get beaten.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Slapstick, or Lonesome No More!|If you ever want something badly, let it go. If it comes back to you, then its yours forever. If it doesnt, then it was never yours to begin with.
Sheilanda Khoirunnisa|Being success is not an easy thing. It need courage, fight, brave, and time. Let them judge. Just show them the result later. Because a wise man said that success is the biggest revenge.
Dean Koontz, Forever Odd|We definitely don't exist just for the sake of welcoming death someday; I believe we live for the sake of living on." —Kazuto Kirigaya "Kirito" (Sword Art Online)
Humphy Davy|Life is made up, not of great sacrifices or duties, but of little things, in which smiles and kindness, and small obligations given habitually, are what preserve the heart and secure the comfort.
Lynne Rae Perkins, Criss Cross|Whatever her name was, she was pretty. She had a thick, careless braid of chestnut hair, a quick smile, and dark, merry eyes. She wore some kind of a fuzzy lavender pullover, and when she crossed her legs and lifted her guitar onto her lap, she had an interesting way of tucking the foot of the bottom leg back under her chair that made Hector feel melty. He looked away in self-preservation.
Patti Smith|There's a way that you can throw negativity out there that seems rebellious. But I've always taken pleasure in a different kind of rebellion, which is putting a positive spin on everything, trying to enjoy myself at all times.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|To belittle, you have to be little.
George Bernard Shaw|Peace and abstinence from European interferences are our objects, and so will continue while the present order of things in America remain uninterrupted.
Richard Adams, Watership Down|It is not our part to master all the tides of the world, but to do what is in us for the succour of those years wherein we are set, uprooting the evil in the fields that we know, so that those who live after may have clean earth to till. What weather they shall have is not ours to rule.
Lauren Oliver, Rooms|Other people had something I lacked something denied me. In my mental blindness, I had believed it was somehow connected with the ability to read and write, and I was sure that if I could get those skills I would have intelligence too.Even a feeble-minded man wants to be like other men. A child may not know how to feed itself, or what to eat, yet it knows hunger.
Robert Thier, In the Eye of the Storm|... but we’ll be back for dinner … especially if you’re having soup de jour!”“Now, Troy! You know very well that soup de jour means ‘soup of the day.’ It changes every time!
Sara Sheridan|In the industry, trying out new genres is not always encouraged but what I've discovered is that as a writer, a jaunt outside my comfort zone generally brings new skills to the main body of my work.
Shawn Casemore, Operational Empowerment: Collaborate, Innovate, and Engage to Beat the Competition|True Mentors, don't make their mentees a clone of themselves
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|I do not play this instrument so well as I should wish to, but I have always supposed that to be my own fault because I would not take the trouble of practicing.
Mary Wollstonecraft|I recognize in thieves, traitors and murderers, in the ruthless and the cunning, a deep beauty - a sunken beauty.
Munindra Misra, Eddies of Life|2.15 GRIEFAll the grief of every man,Remove himself – he only can,For this grief that be within,Be caused by his own thinking.[110]	- 2
P.S. Baber, Cassie Draws the Universe|If this were so; if the desert were 'home'; if our instincts were forged in the desert; to survive the rigours of the desert - then it is easier to understand why greener pastures pall on us; why possessions exhaust us, and why Pascal's imaginary man found his comfortable lodgings a prison.
Mestar Digital|Remember, It doesn't matter what you can do, what really matters is what you will do.
Blaise Pascal, Pensées|All things can be deadly to us, even the things made to serve us; as in nature walls can kill us, and stairs can kill us, if we do not walk circumspectly.
Susan Sontag|For the modern consciousness, the artist (replacing the saint) is the exemplary sufferer. And among artists, the writer, the man of words, is the person to whom we look to be able best to express his suffering.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|What is acceptable on a personal level is very different from what is acceptable on a business level. When we utilize touch well, we can elevate our presentation, demonstrate respect, and convey confidence. However, when we use touch poorly, it can be disastrous, personally and professionally.
Henry Miller|What holds the world together, as I have learned from bitter experience, is sexual intercourse.
Lorii Myers, Make It Happen, A Healthy, Competitive Approach to Achieving Personal Success|Needs cause motivation. Deep-rooted desires for esteem, affection, belonging, achievement, self-actualization, power, and control motivate us to push for what we want and need in our lives.
Mark McGuinness, Time Management For Creative People|Choreographer Twyla Tharp, who directed the opera and dance scenes for thefilm Amadeus, has this to say about the film’s portrait of Mozart:There are no ‘natural’ geniuses… No-one worked harder thanMozart. By the time he was twenty-eight years old, his hands were deformed because ofall the hours he had spent practicing, performing, and gripping a quill pen to compose…As Mozart himself wrote to a friend, “People err who think my art comes easily to me. Iassure you, dear friend, nobody has devoted so much time and thought to composition asI. There is not a famous master whose music I have not industriously studied throughmany times.
Patrick Bryant, Hum A Radiant Sickness|My darlings! You can hardly expect an aged crone like me to mar such a lovely event. No, I shall remain here and knit shadows. Now go forth and shine bravely, and think of nothing but love.
Peter Abrahams, Down the Rabbit Hole|Mom had the kind of love for her that you could feel, like it was part of the atmosphere
Swami Dhyan Giten|Intuition is our inner teacher, our inner source of love, truth and wisdom, in life.
Margaret Coel, The Eagle Catcher|[The past] has a way of hanging around, demanding we understand it and weave it into ourselves so that we can go on.
Martha Hunt|Working is actually a pleasure. It's just very time-consuming. It's a way of life. I find that I can work when I travel and work when I run. There is nothing like, on a rainy day, to work.
M.L. Shanahan|You can, you will. You did.
Jayson Engay|Ninjas don't wish upon a star, they throw them.
Dieter F. Uchtdorf|I think the key to beautiful, frizz-free curls in the summer is to keep hair healthy. It's really the strength of your hair that causes frizz, not humidity, so it's really important to me that I keep my curls strong and moisturized to protect my hair from breakage and frizz. It definitely gives my whole summer look a new life!
Elisabeth Hewer, Wishing for Birds|Speaking of my things, you weren't actually using that darling little study were you?" sheasked sweetly.Her mate's eyes narrowed. "Why?""Because I am commandeering it for my closet.""Closet? My study is over three hundred square feet." His shocked expression was adorable."Good point. Do you use the library as well?"He stared unblinking. "Yes, actually I do.""Oh well. I'll need to call in a contractor to remodel the study into functional wardrobe.
Ted Cruz|When people get married young, you don't really understand the true definition of marriage.
Paul Wade, Convict Conditioning: How to Bust Free of All Weakness Using the Lost Secrets of Supreme Survival Strength|The rate spread of EBOLA VIRUS in West Africa, is big tragedy. It is a fatal disease in the history of the world. Intensive education (formal and informal approaches) of the citizens of African can help prevent the spread. International cooperation is urgently needed to combat the EBOLA virus.
Anne Patchett|She didn't hear him in any nutty way, they didn't sit around and talk politics, it was more a pleasant feeling, easy enough to achieve at Zen-Dojo Tozan but she could even do it here, in the waiting area of the Lucerne airport. She believed that most of the human population didn't avail themselves to their full psychic potential. They lived in a state of mental clutter, the bombardment of goods and services, information and striving. They wouldn't be able to recognize true happiness if it were standing on their foot.
Jane Percy, Duchess of Northumberland|I wondered why so many gardens around the world focused on the healing power of plants rather than their ability to kill… I felt that most children I knew would be more interested in hearing how a plant killed, how long it would take you to die if you ate it and how gruesome and painful the death might be.
J.L. McCoy, Sins of the Father|So you believe in blood sucking fangers, but you don't believe in the existence of werewolves. What kind of narrow minded crap is that?
Tom Frieden|Health is correlated with quality of life. If you get regular physical activity, have social connections, control your cholesterol, keep your blood pressure at a normal level, don't smoke - these things can make an enormous difference not only in how long you live, but how much you enjoy your life in those years.
Jaime Reed, Keep Me In Mind|I’d have to prove to everyone, including Ellia, that I was more than some guy she used to know, that what we shared had and still mattered. She may have forgotten the promise we made on the beach, but I hadn’t, and it was up to me to backup those words with action. Memories and ghosts were for the dead. Living things moved, and I was never one to stand still." ~Liam
Matshona Dhliwayo|When a storm shows up, always remind yourself a rainbow is hiding behind it.
Charles Dickens, The Mystery of Edwin Drood|But Rosa soon made the discovery that Miss Twinkleton didn't read fairly. She cut the love-scenes, interpolated passages in praise of female celibacy, and was guilty of other glaring pious frauds.
Bill Bryson|To my mind, the greatest reward and luxury of travel is to be able to experience everyday things as if for the first time, to be in a position in which almost nothing is so familiar it is taken for granted.
Maryam Abdullah Alnaymi|Why shall we talk?To depend on the conversation style as a primary language of effectiveness on the other person, in a way that respects the feelings without hurting the human soul dignity, or humiliating it, or belittling it.
Dreamer|I love a man who tickles me awake with reality, and kisses me goodnight with fictionBraids my hair with simplicity to compliment my contradiction And calms the waging wars inside with a simple boyish lookFor he is as much a mystery as he is an open book When I am at my worst, I am beautiful by his sideHe draws me in yet keeps me free, the moon to my tideHe relishes my quirks and antics just as much I love to keep him franticAnd if I ever fall, he doesn’t catch me right awayBecause he knows I’ll glideAnd even more so, knows how much I enjoy the ride…With the strength I lack, he holds my insecurity safe in-between his fingersAnd if there is ever a doubt while I am out running aboutHis steady grip lingersHe drives me crazy just as much as he keeps me saneAnd has the wisdom to keep me wild knowing I’ll die if ever tameSo when I am far, he frets not, because he knows he’s my favorite destination If ever I am down, he joins me on the ground and points out my favorite constellationsHe catches my sighs and lackluster repliesWith ageless humor and tenacity I draw blanks at his capacity And challenge his audacity But He wins because despite my stubbornness he is persistentYet forever fails because he belongs to nonexistent
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Obsidian|I'm sure I look like a drowned cat.""You look fine. The wet look works for you."I scowled. "Now I know you're lying.
Aimee L. Salter, Dark Touch|I am ugly. I am black inside, rotting and putrid.
Avina Celeste|It was strange: When you reduced even a fledgling love affair to its essentials - I loved her, she maybe loved me, I was foolish, I suffered - it became vacuous and trite, meaningless to anyone else. In the end, it's only the moments that we have, the kiss on the palm, the joint wonder at the furrowed texture of a fir trunk or at the infinitude of grains of sand in a dune. Only the moments.
Neil Gaiman, The Graveyard Book|If our goal is to be tolerant of people who are different than we are, Chase, then we really are aiming quite low. Traffic jams are to be tolerated. People are to be celebrated.
Donna Lynn Hope|Nothing you love is left behind. You come back to it once you understand it, once you see its essence as it is: pure and flawless - once you refuse to define your life without it. Look into yourself. The only thing you regret in the end is falling for someone's definition of love instead of exploring its infinite potential. It is not saying "I love you" to people who should have heard it from you. There is no flaw in love.
Robyn Davidson|Being in the pop group Eternal gave me the most wonderful opportunity to travel the world, and I have visited some spectacular countries.
Edward Bulwer-Lytton|To find what you seek in the road of life, the best proverb of all is that which says:"Leave no stone unturned.
N.K. Jemisin, The Hundred Thousand Kingdoms|But I want to be better than the lessons they taught me. I want my love to be greater that my hate, my mercy to be stronger than my vengeance.
Meg Cabot, Ninth Key|And I'm sure than in Poland, or somewhere, it is considered cool to drive a Porsche and wear necklaces and black silk, but at least back in Brooklyn if you did those things you were either a drug dealer or from New Jersey.
Ahmed Mostafa|I can't understand God and I can't understand myself, so there's no chance in hell that I'm going to understand you!
Sunday Adelaja|God has a will for your city, country, neighboring countries, and the whole world
T.T. Faulkner, The Lost Memory|If I'd learned anything, it was that the gods never had good news - especially when it was delivered by the resurrected corpse of your worst enemy.
Tahereh Mafi, Furthermore|To all of you who have made my being alive so wonderful, so exciting and so full, my thanks and all my love.
Margot Robbie|No pill can help me deal with the problem of not wanting to take pills; likewise, no amount of psychotherapy alone can prevent my manias and depressions. I need both.
Christine de Pizan, Ditié de Jehanne d'Arc|When we take your person into account, you who are a young maiden, to whom God gives the strength and power to be the champion who casts the rebels down and feeds France with the sweet, nourishing milk of peace, here indeed is something quite extraordinary! For if God performed such a great number of miracles through Joshua who conquered many a place and cast down many an enemy, he, Joshua, was a strong and powerful man. But, after all, a woman – a simple shepherdess – braver than any man ever was in Rome! As far as God is concerned, this was easily accomplished. But as for us, we never heard tell of such an extraordinary marvel, for the prowess of all the great men of the past cannot be compared to this woman's whose concern it is to cast out our enemies. This is God's doing: it is He who guides her and who has given her a heart greater than that of any man.
Auliq Ice|In our lives, we need some hope to be able to proceed to the next ladder, without it, we're failures.
Gayle Forman, Just One Year|I've got just as much luck with locks as I do hearts. In other words, no luck at all.
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|Les, I want to kiss her so fucking bad, but I'm too scared. I'm scared if I kiss her too soon, it'll feel like every other kiss she's ever received. She'll feel nothing. I don't want her to feel nothing when I kiss her. I want her to feel everything.
Mark Batterson, In A Pit With A Lion On A Snowy Day: How To Survive And Thrive When Opportunity Roars|This is a story of how a Baggins had an adventure, and found himself doing and saying things altogether unexpected.
Carla H. Krueger|One day, I decided I was going to write books forever.
Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl|I really believe that there is an invisible red thread tied between him and me, and that it has stretched and tangled for years — across oceans and lifetimes. I know that it won’t break because our souls are tied.
Edward Nelson Teall|... as Eskimo language is to snow, so archaic English is to 'metal objects designed to cause harm'.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|...I see you as series of gestures, a palette of colors -all these tiny tiles pixelate, and then coalesce... into the idea of you...
Debasish Mridha|As is our enthusiasm, so is our ability.
Paulo Coelho, The Spy|(On the myth of Eros)Each time I recall this myth, I wonder: Are we never to be able to see the true face of love? And I understand what the Greeks meant by this: Love is an act of faith and its face should always be covered in mystery. Every moment should be lived with feeling and emotion because if we try to decipher it and understand it, the magic disappears.
Isaac Asimov, Foundation and Empire|The clown’s eyes sidled towards her, then drew away quickly. “But they kept me away from you earlier-and, on my word, you may laugh, but I was lonely for missing friendship.
Alida Nugent, Don't Worry, It Gets Worse: One Twentysomething's (Mostly Failed) Attempts at Adulthood|Home is what we know we ought to want but can't really take. America is not so much a home for anyone as a universal dream of home, a wish whose attraction depends upon its remaining at the level of a wish. The movies bring the boys back but stop as soon as they get them back; for home, that vaunted, all-American ideal, is a sort of death, and an oblique justification for all the wandering that kept you away from it for so long.
Burgess Owens|As I grew up and began identifying myself as a feminist, there were plenty of issues that continued to make me question marriage: the father 'giving' the bride away, women taking their husband's last name, the white dress, the vows promising to 'obey' the groom. And that only covers the wedding.
Leo Tolstoy|Choose silence of all virtues, for by it you hear other men's imperfections, and conceal your own.
John Stuart Mill, On Liberty|It is not because men’s desires are strong that they act ill; it is because their consciences are weak. There is no natural connection between strong impulses and a weak conscience. The natural connection is the other way. To say that one person’s desires and feelings are stronger and more various than those of another, is merely to say that he has more of the raw material of human nature, and is therefore capable, perhaps of more evil, but certainly of more good. Strong impulses are but another name for energy.
James Scott, Senior Fellow, Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology|Few critical infrastructures need to expedite their cyber resiliency as desperately as the health sector, who repeatedly demonstrates lackadaisical cyber hygiene, finagled and Frankensteined networks, virtually unanimous absence of security operations teams and good ol’ boys club bureaucratic board members flexing little more than smoke and mirror, cyber security theatrics as their organizational defense.
Amit Ray|The point is not to resist painful experiences or grasp at pleasant ones: that's a kind of craving - and craving leads to suffering. The art is to find a balance in which you remain mindful, accepting, and curious regarding difficult experiences - while also taking in supportive feelings and thoughts.
Alex Rosa, Tryst|Soul searching? Aren’t you a little young to even think aboutthat concept?”“I don’t think a broken heart and shattered soul can be definedby age. However, it can be measured by the process it takes toheal.
Eleanor of Aquitaine|Pitiful and pitied by no one, why have I come to the ignominy of this detestable old age, who was ruler of two kingdoms, mother of two kings? My guts are torn from me, my family is carried off and removed from me. The young king [crown prince Henry, †1183] and the count of Britanny [prince Geoffrey, †1186] sleep in dust, and their most unhappy mother is compelled to be irremediably tormented by the memory of the dead. Two sons remain to my solace, who today survive to punish me, miserable and condemned. King Richard [the Lionheart] is held in chains [in captivity with Emperor Henry VI of Germany]. His brother, John, depletes his kingdom with iron [the sword] and lays it waste with fire. In all things the Lord has turned cruel to me and attacked me with the harshness of his hand. Truly his wrath battles against me: my sons fight amongst themselves, if it is a fight where where one is restrained in chains, the other, adding sorrow to sorrow, undertakes to usurp the kingdom of the exile by cruel tyranny. Good Jesus, who will grant that you protect me in hell and hide me until your fury passes, until the arrows which are in me cease, by which my whole spirit is sucked
Britney Spears|When I watch my kids, and I see the primal level at which the sibling relationships are formed, then I completely understand what these unresolved adult sibling problems are based on. You know, 'Mom liked you better' and, 'You got your own room and I didn't.'
David O. McKay|The true purpose of life is the perfection of humanity through individual effort, under the guidance of God's inspiration. Real life is response to the best within us. To be alive only to appetite, pleasure, pride, money-making, and not to goodness and kindness, purity and love, poetry, music, flowers, stars, God and eternal hopes, is to deprive one's self of the real joy of living.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, The American Scholar; Self-Reliance. Compensation|Books are the best of things, well used; abused, among the worst...They are for nothing but to inspire.
Jennifer duBois, A Partial History of Lost Causes|Go on, she urged. Lie to me by the moonlight. Do a fabulous story.
James S.A. Corey, Caliban's War|Come now, Tichy. For half a century civilization hasn't been left to its own devices. A hundred years ago a certain Dior was dictating fashions in clothing. Today this sort of regulating has embraced all walks of life. If prostheticism is voted in, I assure you, in a couple of years everyone will consider the possession of a soft, hairy, sweating body to be shameful and indecent. A body needs washing, deodorizing, caring for, and even then it breaks down, while in a prostheticized society you can snap on the loveliest creations of modern engineering. What woman doesn't want to have silver iodide instead of eyes, telescoping breasts, angel's wings, iridescent legs, and feet that sing with every step?
Christopher Hitchens, Love, Poverty, and War: Journeys and Essays|I saw exactly one picture of Marx and one of Lenin in my whole stay, but it's been a long time since ideology had anything to do with it. Not without cunning, Fat Man and Little Boy gradually mutated the whole state belief system into a debased form of Confucianism, in which traditional ancestor worship and respect for order become blended with extreme nationalism and xenophobia. Near the southernmost city of Kaesong, captured by the North in 1951, I was taken to see the beautifully preserved tombs of King and Queen Kongmin. Their significance in F.M.-L.B. cosmology is that they reigned over a then unified Korea in the 14th century, and that they were Confucian and dynastic and left many lavish memorials to themselves. The tombs are built on one hillside, and legend has it that the king sent one of his courtiers to pick the site. Second-guessing his underling, he then climbed the opposite hill. He gave instructions that if the chosen site did not please him he would wave his white handkerchief. On this signal, the courtier was to be slain. The king actually found that the site was ideal. But it was a warm day and he forgetfully mopped his brow with the white handkerchief. On coming downhill he was confronted with the courtier's fresh cadaver and exclaimed, 'Oh dear.' And ever since, my escorts told me, the opposite peak has been known as 'Oh Dear Hill.'I thought this was a perfect illustration of the caprice and cruelty of absolute leadership, and began to phrase a little pun about Kim Jong Il being the 'Oh Dear Leader,' but it died on my lips.
Ansul Noor|By some tear in the wish fabric, or the casting of a prayer, or the falling of some lonely star, the enchanted garden was not lost to me, but lost in me.
Roxane Gay, Difficult Women|You are the joy in my life. I am a mess but I will be the joy in yours … When you touch me, you feel through me, through the ugliness beneath my skin, you make me feel, you hold me together, you push my skin back into its proper place. When you see me next, I will be wearing your ring on my left finger. I will say yes. You will hear me.
Ashavan|The intellect is a boat which can take us to the very shores of understanding, but once there we must leave it behind in order to grasp true meaning.
Mohammed Ali Bapir|If you are well-mannered towards those whose views are similar to yours, you may be said to exhibit a fairly good character. But, if you behave properly wit those holding divergent views from you or who criticize you, then you deserve to be credited with having an excellent character. (p. 99)
Kevin O'Leary|We grew up in abject poverty. Acting, writing scripts and skits were a way of escaping our environment at a very young age.
Ruta Sepetys, Salt to the Sea|The soldier stared at Ingrid. His silence was elastic, slowly curling a rope around her neck.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|A tin of milk is not the same as a milk tin. You are not always the same as others perceive you. The label of a tin of milk is not all that important as compared to the milk in the tin. So many people label others as if the ‘true milk’ in them is equal to the label. We must not always equate the outward man to the inner man. Guard your milk! The only way people can destroy your milk is their ability to punch a hole in ‘the tin’ and after they have done that, they can have reasons to speak about how ‘expired your milk is’. Dare to preserve your milk, no matter how people label you! Keep doing what you need to do as a living sacrifice to the Sovereign Lord God, and one day, they that label you wrongly shall come to a realization how they have their own labels. Stay focused! Move with the right reasons!Two people were asked to go and pick a tin of milk without first touching it. The first tin was well labeled, but without any liquid in it. The second was without a label, but with milk in it. When the two men got to where the tins were, one was quick to pick the one with the label, leaving the other for his friend. Then they came to him who sent them and he asked them, ‘I asked you to go for a tin of milk, where is it?’ the one who took the tin without the milk was quick to stretch his hand, but their sender said to him, ‘a tin of milk is not just a tin labeled a tin of milk, but a tin with milk’.
Markus Zusak, Underdog|It is early, early morning. It's that time when it's still dark but you know the day is coming. Blue is bleeding through black. Stars are dying.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann, Love Poems: Love Conquers All|In a sweet way, my thoughts, are embedded in love.
Melissa Senate, The Love Goddess' Cooking School|I don’t think I like the idea that you just control me, but you get to do anything you like.”“Ah, but that’s because you don’t understand the power exchange. Note that I used the word exchange. Listen, there are as many different ways to practice BDSM as there are people who practice it. I like to play. I like to know that my lover will turn to me when she needs something. I’ll want to protect you. And I like to give you what you need. It makes me feel good. It makes me feel necessary.
Thomas Edison Guerrero Barbosa|Limited in his nature, infinite in his desires, man is a fallen god who remembers the heavens.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Book of Wisdom|It is so beautiful but home is home, and home is best.
Michelle Hodkin, The Evolution of Mara Dyer|I was just going to say it reminds me of the symbols on a family crest.”Noah stopped mid-stride, and turned very slowly. “We’re not related.”“I know, but—”“Don’t even think it.
Chelsea Cain|I came to architecture from building. Because my father was a builder, everybody was - and is - a builder in my family.
Percy Williams Bridgman, The Nature of Physical Theory|Not only are there meaningless questions, but many of the problems with which the human intellect has tortured itself turn out to be only 'pseudo problems,' because they can be formulated only in terms of questions which are meaningless. Many of the traditional problems of philosophy, of religion, or of ethics, are of this character. Consider, for example, the problem of the freedom of the will. You maintain that you are free to take either the right- or the left-hand fork in the road. I defy you to set up a single objective criterion by which you can prove after you have made the turn that you might have made the other. The problem has no meaning in the sphere of objective activity; it only relates to my personal subjective feelings while making the decision.
Albert Einstein, On Humanism|If tomorrow were never to come, it would not be worth living today.
Kiera Van Gelder|Yet I also recognize this: Even if everyone in the world were to accept me and my illness and validate my pain, unless I can abide myself and be compassionate toward my own distress, I will probably always feel alone and neglected by others.
Jessica Park, Flat-Out Love|I put my pants on one leg at a time, just like everyone else. It's the way I take them OFF that makes me better than you.
V.E. Schwab|It was a simple truth he had understood for years, people hurt others when they are hurt, and hurting them back won't make a damn difference.
Rachel Caine, Bitter Blood|It's not your enemies who are likeliest to hurt you. It is, always, those you trust.
Mouloud Benzadi|There is nothing more difficult than understanding human mentality. My master's present mental state is very far from clear; is he feeling angry or lighthearted, or simply seeking solace in the scribblings of some dead philosopher? One just can't tell whether he's mocking the world or yearning to be accepted into its frivolous company, whether he is getting furious over some piddling little matter or holding himself aloof from worldly things. Compared to such complexities, cats are truly simple. If we want to eat, we eat; if we want to sleep, we sleep; when we are angry, we are angry utterly; when we cry, we cry with all the desperation of extreme commitment to our grief. Thus we never keep things like diaries. For what would be the point? No doubt human beings like my two-faced master find it necessary to keep diaries in order to display in a darkened room that true character so assiduously hidden from the world. But among cats both our four main occupations (walking, standing, sitting and lying down) and such incidental activities as excreting waste are pursued quite openly. We live our diaries, and consequently have no need to keep a daily record as a means of maintaining our real characters. Had I the time to keep a diary, I'd use that time to better effect; sleeping on the veranda.
Robert Service|There’s a land—﻿oh, it beckons and beckons,  And I want to go back—﻿and I will.
Jack Campbell, The Hidden Masters of Marandur|The teachings of the Mage Guild were that none of these others was real, no one else and nothing anywhere was real, that everything around him was merely a shadow born of Alain's own illusions. He had accepted that wisdom—until he had met Mari. In a world where nothing was allowed to change, Alain had been changed.He could let himself feel emotions again. He had learned what it meant to help someone else. He had learned what a friend was. He had forgotten what love was. Until he had fallen in love.
John McAfee|Employers, like most people, tend to trust their intuitions. But when employers decide whom to hire, they trust those intuitions far more than they should.
Amy Tan, Saving Fish from Drowning|[Karen Lundegaard] was quite frail, debilitated by metastatic breast cancer, which she had long known she had but for which she had been unable to get adequate treatment because she lacked medical insurance. ("If you mention anything about me," she said, "tell people that.")
Aaron Lee Yeager, Kharmic Rebound|I’ve never been this happy,” I whispered, a little scared by it.Caine must have heard the fear, because he kissed my neck, tightened his hold on me, and said, “Me neither. But we’ll get used to it.”“Promise?”He lifted his head to meet my gaze. “No, because on second thought I don’t want to get used to it. If you get used to it—”“You forget to be thankful for it,” I finished.He nodded slowly. “Yeah.
Paul Beatty, The Sellout|We have the wolf by the ears; and we can neither hold him, nor safely let him go. Justice is in one scale, and self-preservation in the other.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Too often fantasy is not a rich elaboration of life designed to enhance our existence, rather it is our pell-mell escape from life with the intent of exiting this existence. And the most imaginative fantasy of all is to somehow think that I can do that in the first place.
Cynthia Ruchti, They Almost Always Come Home|Sighing, she shut the book with a snap. “All right. You need to vent, so I’ll listen to you vent. But do it quickly, because Rydstorm was about to plunder Sabine with his thick, hard—
Terry Pratchett, Night Watch|Washington was concerned that the soldiers coming to him from Massachusetts were too few and of too low quality. He was disappointed that the majority of the Massachusetts volunteers appeared to be thrill-seeking teenagers, British Army deserters and otherwise unemployed African Americans. Washington doubted that these volunteers would ever be able to stand up to the British. Much to Washington's surprise, the free black men soon proved to be exemplary soldiers.
David Mitchell, The Thousand Autumns of Jacob de Zoet|No person is just one person. Everyone is a crate of fruits, a crate of mixed fruits. The apple in there may have worms, a peach may be mildewed, a banana may be too green, a pear may be in perfect ripeness, and a melon may have the sweetest smell.
Heber J. Grant|When you're used to being prepared to reject conventional wisdom, it leaves you open to learn more.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Submit to the Father of spirit, God.
Pat Miller, Willfully Ignorant|There is no law that gods must be fair, Achilles,” Chiron said. “And perhaps it is the greater grief, after all, to be left on earth when another is gone. Do you think?
Anne Deavere Smith|Speaking calls for risk, speaking calls for a sense of what one has to lose. Not just what one has to gain.
Anoop Ashok|One of the biggest issues I have against organised religion is its unregulated ability to separate people. I have never seen such a strongly rooted divisive tool in my entire time on earth as religion. With politics, sometimes better reasoning prevails and the boundaries are blurred, this is not the case with religion.Men go to war, murder, blackmail, condemn others wholly because of different religious beliefs. Something so abstract yet so strong. It is amazing.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|Samantha, you're in my world now. We have standards here."-Jesse
Hans Blix|Until the last great war, a general expectation of material improvement was an idea peculiar to Western man. Now war and its aftermath have made economic and social progress a political imperative in every quarter of the globe.
Betsy Cornwell|Children’s and YA books are about being brave and kind, about learning wisdom and love, about that journey into and through maturity that we all keep starting, and starting again, no matter how old we get. I think that’s why so many adults read YA: we’re never done coming of age.
Annie Dillard, Teaching a Stone to Talk: Expeditions and Encounters|Nature's silence is its one remark, and every flake of world is a chip off that old mute and immutable block. The Chiense say that we live in the world of ten thousand things. Each of the ten thousand things cries out to us precisely nothing.
Steven Magee, Solar Radiation, Global Warming and Human Disease|Your brand name and recognition is important. However, to create a lasting and remarkable impression, you must remember that you and your brand are as good as the value you bring to the marketplace.
James T. McCay|Tomorrow, you promise yourself, things will be different, yet, tomorrow is too often a repetition of today. And you disappoint yourself again and again.
Mehmet Murat ildan|You must let other people to challenge your truths; you must let them to question your faith and the reason for this is very simple: Your truths might be very wrong; your faith might be very mistaken. Don’t be a castle; you need bridges surrounding you, not walls! And remember that walls belong only to cowards!
Arthur Golden, Memoirs of a Geisha|Watch for the thing that will show itself to you. Because that thing, when you find it, will be your future.
Cheryl B. Evans, I Promised Not to Tell: Raising a Transgender Child|Until she had had children of her own she had not been able to contemplate the death of either of her parents; when the subject had arisen, in conversation or in her own imagining, she had said only: I just don't know what I'd do.
Aberjhani, Elemental: The Power of Illuminated Love|Time (again, Time) like the soul, wears many faces, many bodies and climates and attitudes. The past is one face, the present a second and the future yet another.
Ralph Ellison|It goes a long way back, some twenty years. All my life I had been looking for something, and everywhere I turned someone tried to tell me what it was. I accepted their answers too, though they were often in contradiction and even self-contradictory. I was naive. I was looking for myself and asking everyone except myself questions which I, and only I, could answer. It took me a long time and much painful boomeranging of my expectations to achieve a realization everyone else appears to have been born with: That I am nobody but myself. But first I had to discover that I am an invisible man!
Caroline George, The Vestige|I twist and pin my hair at the nape of my neck, and then stand with legs wide. It’s what Nash told me to do before speaking because men, no matter how many times they profess women are equal, prefer to take direction from bodies like theirs.
Steven Herrick, Love, Ghosts, & Facial Hair|Like all of my important memories, it has a potency that has influenced the pocket of time that holds it, so I can remember that particular Saturday afternoon, even though in many ways it was no different from any other. I can remember, for example, what van der Glick was wearing as she stepped out of the elevator, which was a dress covered with clownish polka dots. Rainie would make these heartbreaking stabs at femininity; indeed, she still does. It's not that she doesn't possess a woman's body now, and didn't posses a girl's body then. But clothes never seemed to fit her correctly, and the more girlish they were, the worse they would hang.
Jodi Picoult, Handle with Care|She'd been in labor for nineteen hours; I completely understood why she wanted to pass the buck. 'You are so beautiful,' her husband crooned, holding up her shoulders.'You are so full of shit,' Lila snarled, but as a contraction settled over her like a net, she bore down and pushed.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The Bible teaches that we have a Christian duty to help our neighbors in their time of need. We are called by God to bring the water of life for both soul and body. God created them both, and His purpose is to redeem them both.
Elaine  White, Novel Hearts|It was only that night, dreaming forbidden dreams of Laurence and the clear attraction he had already displayed towards her, that the dream was disturbed. She woke to pain, her eyes and mouth flashing open in a wordless scream as two strong fangs pierced her neck. A body lay across hers, warm and strong as she felt the life being sucked out of her. The moment he knew she was awake, Laurence had pulled back from feeding and smiled at her with a bloody grin. ‘You are mine now, Shiloh. You may never leave this house until the day I die.’ He had warned her, planting a tormenting kiss on her lips before resuming his feed.
Jennifer Love Hewitt|A moment comes, which comes but rarely in history, when we step out from the old to the new; when an age ends; and when the soul of a nation long suppressed finds utterance.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|A red-gold glow burst suddenly across the enchanted sky above them as an edge of dazzling sun appeared over the sill of the nearest window. The light hit both of their faces at the same time, so that Voldemort's was suddenly a flaming blur. Harry heard the high voice shriek as he too yelled his best hope to the heavens, pointing Draco's wand:"Avada Kedavra!""Expelliarmus!"The bang was like a cannon blast, and the golden flames that erupted between them, at the dead center of the circle they had been treading, marked the point where the spells collided. Harry saw Voldemort's green jet meet his own spell, saw the Elder Wand fly high, dark against the sunrise, spinning across the enchanted ceiling, spinning through the air toward the master it would not kill, who had come to take full possession of it at last.
T.A. Cline|The walls of hell are coated with arrogance, and the floor is covered with pride.
Kazuo Ishiguro, The Remains of the Day|True law, the code of justice, the essence of our sensations of right and wrong, is the conscience of society. It has taken thousands of years to develop, and it is the greatest, the most distinguishing quality which has developed with mankind ... If we can touch God at all, where do we touch him save in the conscience? And what is the conscience of any man save his little fragment of the conscience of all men in all time?
Danielle Steel|And New York is the most beautiful city in the world? It is not far from it. No urban night is like the night there... Squares after squares of flame, set up and cut into the aether. Here is our poetry, for we have pulled down the stars to our will.
Sayed Kashua|Whenever we changed schools, we had to make a new set of friends. At the time, of course, I hated it. But looking back now, I'm really glad I did, because it forces independence on you.
Junot Díaz|...Helen sipped peppermint schnapps and considered the world made of her design. My religion is keeping peace, she thought. It hadn't begun that way, was nothing she'd planned, but now she saw that's how it was. I just ran a grocery, she thought. I don't want this. I ain't the one to make the world right.
Jay Woodman|Love yourself enough to open your eyes, and open your eyes enough to love yourself.
Alex Haditaghi, Softly, As I Leave Her|Three things in life you will never have to chase: True friends, true love and your destiny!
Debasish Mridha|When I say that we are spiritual beings that means that every human being has a universal consciousness. That universal awareness is our spirit, but we have different mindsets. Mind is a creation of society.
Christina Engela|If we refuse to accept knowledge because it frightens us, we will never grow. If we give in to fear, we will never outgrow hatred
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|When kindhearted people smile, demons shrink and turn away as if tormented by the gesture. But when those beautiful smiles are made to fade, every awful creature in the world stands surer. So do yourself and mankind a favor and smile BIG whether you feel like it or not.
Vironika Tugaleva|To accept responsibility for your own feelings, your own triggers, and your own experience does not mean to stop communicating with others about how their words and actions affect you. You can own your emotions by not blaming others, and still give the people in your life gentle, loving feedback about how they can treat you in a way that helps your healing and happiness. Creating safe spaces is an interdependent process. It's not ever all about you and it's not ever all about the other person. It's about you coming together and working on the dynamics of your relationship together, taking responsibility for your own part and doing what you can to contribute to the well-being of the other.
Jarett Sabirsh, Love All-Knowing: An Epic Spiritual Poem|being attached to any one philosophy or religiondwelling on moot differences and wanting to fit indespite the path all are led Home in timefollowing an alternative pathway is certainly no crimeKrishna, Buddha, Allah or Zohar Kabbalahdevoted nonviolently, one is led to NirvanaHindu Sages, Zen Masters or Christian Mysticsmany tongues, but identical truth spoken from their lipsmentioning Self or no-self or God is Father or Motheraccording to their culture emphasizing one method or anotherallness vs. nothingness, meditation vs. prayerdevotion in practice is all you should carewhen Truth reveals itself you're beyond all conceptionthen not a single man-made word will hold any traction
Tom Stoppard|Britain kept its position as the dominant world power well into the 20th century despite steady decline. By the end of World War II, dominance had shifted decisively into the hands of the upstart across the sea, the United States, by far the most powerful and wealthy society in world history.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|Every book, every volume you see here, has a soul. The soul of the person who wrote it and of those who read it and lived and dreamed with it. Every time a book changes hands, every time someone runs his eyes down its pages, its spirit grows and strengthens.
I. M. Pei|I initially thought I would be an architect, maybe. So I went to architecture camp and quickly learned that I did not want to be an architect. I was like, 'No. This is not for me.'
Barack Obama|The Bush Administration's failure to be consistently involved in helping Israel achieve peace with the Palestinians has been both wrong for our friendship with Israel, as well as badly damaging to our standing in the Arab world.
Siri Hustvedt, A Plea for Eros: Essays|Feminism was good for me, as were any number of causes, but as I developed as a thinking person, the truisms and dogmas of every ideology became as worn as that book's cover.
RVM|It’s a bet – the more you Give, the more you will Get.-RVM
Ken Ilgunas, Walden on Wheels: On the Open Road from Debt to Freedom|I wonder what Thoreau would have done...[H}is greatest story, I thought, was his life. He knew that anything is possible when you wield the pen and claim your life as your own. But the truth is so few have the privilege to write their own stories. People are born into poverty without a hope of redemption. Children are abused and damaged. Disease and war and famine and a million other things prevent them from wielding the pen. But for those of us who can, should it not be our great privilege to live the lives we've imagined? To be who we want to be? To go on our own great journeys and share our experiences with others?
David Foster Wallace|Family… that was my older sister Tiffany as well. My emotional spectrum for her covered everything from “my dearest sister, foundation of my heart and soul” up to “you fucking bitch, go and get run over by a train, please”. We had quite a normal sibling relationship, I assume.
Elizabeth Spencer, The Voice at the Back Door|That anybody white could take your whole self for anything that came to mind. Not just work, kill, or maim you, but dirty you so bad you forgot who you were and couldn't think it up. And though she and others lived through and got over it, she could never let it happen to her own.
Richard White, Remembering Ahanagran: A History of Stories|Any good history begins in strangeness. The past should not be comfortable. The past should not a familar echo of the present, for if it is familar why revist it? The past should be so strange that you wonder how you and people you know and love could come from such a time.
Dalai Lama XIV|The various features and aspects of human life, such as longevity, good health, success, happiness, and so forth, which we consider desirable, are all dependent on kindness and a good heart.
Daria Snadowsky, Anatomy of a Single Girl|As long as your name is NOT Jesus,I CAN live without you
Ogwo David Emenike|Be cohesive in your dealings. Trust built on and from mutual support, facilitating communication and encouraging coordination can be rewarding.
Laura Marling|I tend to be drawn to people who are similar. Very independent. And the ones who aren't, it doesn't work. It doesn't last. I’m drawn to quiet people – certainly I am now.
Tom Althouse|Not all who demand your attention desire your happiness, many merely seeking a conveyance to their own. It is entirely easy when wrapped up with the petty to miss what is possible and what rows your ship to worthwhile dreams. But when two or more fall together to share the oars of what might be, dreams may find them in equal measure and as fast as the wake made.
Stephen King, The Waste Lands|Jake went in, aware that he had, for the first time in three weeks, opened a door without hoping madly to find another world on the other side. A bell jingled overhead. The mild, spicy smell of old books hit him, and the smell was somehow like coming home.
Peter Capaldi|In the past, I had a knee-jerk approach to work, and it showed on screen. I was doing movies for the wrong reasons - trying to juggle dates, do too many guest appearances, take up projects under pressure or for emotional reasons.
Sebastian Faulks, Birdsong|People think blood red, but blood don't got no colour. Not when blood wash the floor she lying on as she scream for that son of a bitch to come, the lone baby of 1785. Not when the baby wash in crimson and squealing like it just depart heaven to come to hell, another place of red. Not when the midwife know that the mother shed too much blood, and she who don't reach fourteen birthday yet speak curse 'pon the chile and the papa, and then she drop down dead like old horse. Not when blood spurt from the skin, on spring from the axe, the cat-o'-nine, the whip, the cane and the blackjack and every day in slave life is a day that colour red. It soon come to pass when red no different from white or blue or black or nothing. Two black legs spread wide and mother mouth screaming. A black baby wiggling in blood on the floor with skin darker than midnight but the greenest eyes anybody ever done seen. I goin' call her Lilith. You can call her what they call her.
Orson Scott Card, Pathfinder|A regime that wraps itself in the flag of truth fears truth most of all, for if its story is falsified to the slightest degree, its authority is gone.
Benjamin Franklin|It's an universal law-- intolerance is the first sign of an inadequate education. An ill-educated person behaves with arrogant impatience, whereas truly profound education breeds humility.
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|To be fearlessly vulnerable with someone…One of the deepest, most desirable paradoxes of love.
Dan Buettner, Thrive: Finding Happiness the Blue Zones Way|Gratitude always comes into play; research shows that people are happier if they are grateful for the positive things in their lives, rather than worrying about what might be missing.
Tony Lema|Her beauty didn't do her any good and she couldn't use it in any positive way or manipulative way. I just hope that people will look and see and believe in that hope of love, that hope of freedom, even if it was just for a limited time.
Jodi Picoult, House Rules|You try as a parent. You love beyond reason. You fight beyond endurance. You hope beyond despair.You never think, until the very last moment, that it still might not be enough.
A.E. Housman, A Shropshire Lad|...I'm shy in person - so afraid to confess my love - I need a go-between - our mutual friend, the Moon...
Simon Kuper, Soccernomics|The pleasure of sport was so often the chance to indulge the cessation of time itself--the pitcher dawdling on the mound, the skier poised at the top of a mountain trail, the basketball player with the rough skin of the ball against his palm preparing for a foul shot, the tennis player at set point over his opponent--all of them savoring a moment before committing themselves to action.
Sylvia Plath|Hurl yourself at goals above your head and bear the lacerations that come when you slip and make a fool of yourself. Try always, as long as you have breath in your body, to take the hard way–and work, work, work to build yourself into a rich, continually evolving entity.
Beverly Preston, Surviving Broken|Oh, darlin’, I’m gonna walk you through it, kiss you through it, feel you through it, taste you through it. Hell, I’m hoping you call out my name through it, but for some reason, if I can’t get you off, by all means, play along. It won’t hurt my feelings. But I don’t think you’ll need to.
Tana French, The Likeness|It doesn’t really matter in the end. Most people I talk to don’t take writing seriously. If I tell them I’m an aspiring author, they get that “yeah right” look on their face, which is usually followed by “good luck with that.
The Silver Elves, The Elf Folks' Book of Cookery: Recipes for a Delighted Tongue, a Healthy Body and a Magical Life|It is important to view a recipe book as one that you use daily and what we in our family call "a living book" — a book that you use all the time, not just read once and discard on the shelf. It is in a sense a spell book, a book of magical enchantments, to be consulted, used and altered as needed.
Bette Davis|You're unlikely to discover something new without a lot of practice on old stuff, but further, you should get a heck of a lot of fun out of working out funny relations and interesting things.
Pauline Creeden|You have DIED to doing things your own way. You can only LIVE again as you take up your cross, daily, and follow Jesus. - THE PRODIGAL LIFE
Rodney Dangerfield|Cancer cells are fixed at an age where they are still too young to have learned the rules of the society in which they live. As with so many immature individuals of all living kinds, everything they do is excessive and uncoordinated with the needs or constraints of their neighbors... they are reproductive but not productive.
Neelam Saxena Chandra|Even more, in the created thing, is a perfection that she exists; since the greatest of all imperfections is, not to exist.
Rick Riordan, The Son of Neptune|Annabeth:My fatal flaw. That's what the Sirens showed me. My fatal flaw is hubris. Percy: the brown stuff they spread on veggie sandwiches?Annabeth:No, Seaweed Brain. That's HUMMUS. hubris is worse.Percy: what could be worse than hummus? Annabeth: Hubris means deadly pride, Percy. Thinking you can do things better than anyone else... Even the gods.
E.L. James, Fifty Shades of Grey|From: Anastasia SteeleSubject: MoaningDate: May 31 2011 19:39 ESTTo: Christian GreyGotta go.Laters, baby......From: Christian GreySubject: PlagiarismDate: May 31 2011 16:41To: Anastasia SteeleYou stole my line.And left me hanging.Enjoy your dinner.Christian GreyCEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc.
Mark Curtis|In other words, what we know for sure is entirely limited, and all the rest is basically opinion.
Inshan Meahjohn|Our lives can be compared to beautiful streams, which are destined to flow, grow in majesty to create wonderful features such as cascading waterfalls, and give nourishment and life to those in its path. Inshan Meahjohn
Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl|I don't feel like a person at all: I am something to be loaded and unloaded, like a sofa or a cuckoo clock. I am something to be tossed into a junkyard, thrown into the river, if necessary. I don't feel real anymore. I feel like I could disappear.
Gisele Bundchen|My mom took all of my behavior personally. Everything I did, she thought it was an act of rebellion against her. But it was just me being me.
Mark Twain, Joan of Arc|The boys were amazed that I could make such a poem as that out of my own head, and so was I, of course, it being as much a surprise to me as it could be to anybody, for I did not know that it was in me. If any had asked me a single day before if it was in me, I should have told them frankly no, it was not.That is the way with us; we may go on half of our life not knowing such a thing is in us, when in reality it was there all the time, and all we needed was something to turn up that would call for it.
Matt Czuchry|I don't do a lot of dating. I guess it's kind of like everyone is always trying to set me up with somebody, so we go out and hang out at a club or somewhere. I think dates are weird.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Kalahari Typing School for Men|The recipe for each child is just for that child, even if it is the same mother and father.
Countee Cullen|I'm tired of praise; and love is very sweet, when it is simple and sincere like this.
Oksana Rus|At the end of the day…we are anchoring into the peaceful lagoon, smiling at the majestic sun and its flirting rays, slowly slipping into the glittering ballroom of immense night skies, sipping on the platinum moon liquor under the blues of rippling waves kissing my golden foot hanging over the board of gently rocking boat, and diving into the bed of galaxies whispering magical stories of their eternal lives connecting souls…till the dawn…
Jay-Z|Alliance - in international politics, the union of two thieves who have their hands so deeply inserted in each other's pockets that they cannot separately plunder a third.
Chris Cleave, Little Bee|Someone must have talked plenty, because on an afternoon in June 2008, Sarvannantha Pereira was detained by men who didn't say who whey were. They would call it an arrest. It felt more like an abduction.
Karl Kraus|War: first, one hopes to win; then one expects the enemy to lose; then, one is satisfied that he too is suffering; in the end, one is surprised that everyone has lost.
Chris Dee, Cattitude|In Paris, choosing a dress is a monumental decision. In Milan, it’s a kick.
Judith Lewis Herman, Father-Daughter Incest: With a New Afterword|Don’t be sorry for the truth. A harsh truth is less damaging than a tender lie, and the worst lies are the ones we tell ourselves.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|Where ignorance lurks, so too do the frontiers of discovery and imagination
Georgi Gospodinov, Невидимите кризи|Спомням си как през летните следобеди, които прекарвах там, баба ми, привършила домашната работа, сядаше до прозореца на светло и вадеше от своя скришен сандък една огромна Библия с твърди корици, обвита с тогавашния официозен вестник "Работническо дело" по конспиративни причини. Вече знаех, че комунизмът и Библията никак не се обичаха.
Jay-Z|Failure at some point in your life is inevitable, but giving up is unforgivable.
Sunday Adelaja|The more the problems in a society, the greater the chances of success.
Andrew Rilstone, Where Dawkins Went Wrong|At night, my own century-old wooden floors creaked while I dreamed of her, as she looked before radiation destroyed her famously enormous hair and removed all evidence of her addiction to homemade brownies. I woke to clammy sheets and the grim reminder that Liz’s soul was not, in fact, speaking to me from beyond the grave. Rationally, I knew that memory synapses of plump, frizzy Liz were bursting forth from the depths of my brain. Emotionally, I wanted Liz back with me, no matter what her form—but getting her back would require a leap of faith that the rest of me (the stuff surrounding that Liz-shaped hole) just couldn’t take.
Mark Doherty|I want to make a difference. But get a job? I worry that will make the ordinary, like everybody else.
Ian Frazier, Travels in Siberia|Then a beat-up car lurched into sight towing an even more beat-up car. As the cars came near, I saw that they were connected back to front by a loop made of two seat belts buckled to each other. That was the only time I ever saw a Russian use a seat belt for any purpose at all.
Sandeep Sahajpal|If we give a hundred percent in whatever we do in life, practice one art form and pursue one sport, we eventually tend to evolve truly as ‘A Complete Man (or Woman)’.
Markham Shaw Pyle|If America runs on Dunkin', do I detect a slight limp?
Justin Villanueva, Conversations with the Light Bearer|Evidence is of no longer consequence when hope enters the fray, and this is where faith is born—a seemingly abundant commodity certain powerful organizations feed on fervently, if not lavishly.
Jowita Bydlowska, Drunk Mom: A Memoir|Those who are close to us, when they die, divide our world. There is the world of the living, which we finally, in one way or another, succumb to, and then there is the domain of the dead that, like an imaginary friend (or foe) or a secret concubine, constantly beckons, reminding us of our loss. What is memory but a ghost that lurks at the corners of the mind, interrupting our normal course of life, disrupting our sleep in order to remind us of some acute pain or pleasure, something silenced or ignored? We miss not only their presence, or how they felt about us, but ultimately how they allowed us to feel about ourselves or them. (prologue)
Kylee Carrier|Why I Cannot Relate"What do you think of this piece?" Someone will askAbout some work or form of expression in timeWhat does it mean? They wantMeTo tell them my thoughtsBut sometimesMy thoughts run so deep I cannot tell themSo instead I want to sayi DoNt KnOwBecause that is the only thing that makes sense to themI cannot relate sometimesFrustration of societySo I seclude myselfBut I actually would like to find that one personWho would like to know those thoughts I cannot expressThat person will take the timeTo relateTruly understandSo that way when I sayi DoNt KnOwThey will actually realizeThat I know much more.
Laurie Perez, Breakthrough: How to Have Compassion for Those Who Do Harm|The more at ease you are in the world, the more vibrant, creative and easygoing the world in you becomes.
Vincent Van Gogh|Love is the missing factor; there is a lack of affection, of warmth in relationship; and because we lack that love, that tenderness, that generosity, that mercy in relationship, we escape into mass action, which produces further confusion, further misery.
Tracy Winegar, Good Ground|Survivors are damaged to different degrees by their experiences. This does not depend on what happened physically. A Survivor who has been raped will not necessarily be more damaged than a Survivor who has been touched. The degree of damage depend on the degree of traumatic sexualization, stigmatization, betrayal and powerlessness, the child has experienced. This in turn depends on a number of factors such as:* who the abuser was;* how many abusers were involved;* if the abuser was same-sex or opposite sex;* what took place;* what was said;* how long the abuse went on for;* How the child felt and how she interpreted what was happening;* if the child was otherwise happy and supported;* how other people reacted to the disclosure or discovery of the abuse;* how old the child was
Dan Groat, A Punctual Paymaster|In my city we spent $1.6 billion on a new ticketing system for the trains. We replaced paper tickets with smartcards and now they can tell where people get on and off. So, question: how is that worth $1.6 billion?People say it’s the government being incompetent, and ok. But this is happening all over. All the transit networks are getting smartcards, the grocery stores are taking your name, the airports are getting face recognition cameras. Those cameras, they don’t work when people try to avoid them. Like, they can be fooled by glasses. We KNOW they’re ineffective as anti-terrorism devices, but we still keep installing them.All of this stuff—the smartcards, the ID systems, the “anti-congestion” car-tracking tech—all of it is terrible at what it’s officially supposed to do. It’s only good for tracking the rest of us, the 99.9% who just use the smartcard or whatever and let ourselves be tracked because it’s easier.I’m not a privacy nut, and I don’t care that much if these organizations want to know where I go and what I buy. But what bothers me is how HARD they’re all working for that data, how much money they’re spending, and how they never admit that’s what they want. It means that information must be really valuable for some reason, and I just wonder to who and why.
Haruki Murakami, Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World|Now for a good twelve-hour sleep, I told myself. Twelve solid hours. Let birds sing, let people go to work. Somewhere out there, a volcano might blow, Israeli commandos might decimate a Palestinian village. I couldn't stop it. I was going to sleep.
Josephine Angelini, Goddess|Introverts may have strong social skills and enjoy parties and business meetings, but after a while wish they were home in their pajamas. They prefer to devote their social energies to close friends, colleagues, and family. They listen more than they talk, think before they speak, and often feel as if they express themselves better in writing than in conversation. They tend to dislike conflict. Many have a horror of small talk, but enjoy deep discussions.
bell hooks|I feel like real love should take time, or at least, more time than this. I've been trying to make my head rule my actions, when my heart has so obviously taken over, but I feel how I feel, and I know it's not going away.
Bo Jackson|If a man's wit be wandering, let him study the mathematics.
Michel Foucault|As a result of the work done by all these stratifying force in language, there are no "neutral" words and forms - words and forms that can belong to "no one"; language has been completely taken over, shot through with intentions and accents. For any individual consciousness living in it, language is not an abstract system of normative forms, but rather a concrete heteroglot conception of the world. All words have the "taste" of a profession, a genre, a tendency, a party, a particular work, a particular person, a generation, an age group, the day and hour. Each word tastes of the context and contexts in which it has lived it socially charged life; all words and forms are populated by intentions. Contextual overtones (generic, tendentious, individualistic) are inevitable in the word. As a living, socio-ideological concrete thing, as heteroglot opinion, language, for the individual consciousness, lies on the borderline between oneself and the other. The word in language is half someone else's. It becomes "one's own" only when the speaker populates it with his own intention, his own accent, when he appropriates the word, adapting it to his own semantic and expressive intention. Prior to this moment of appropriation, the word does not exist in a neutral and impersonal language (it is not, after all, out of a dictionary that the speaker gets his words!), but rather it exists in other people's mouths, in other people's contexts, serving other people's intentions: it is from there that one must take the word, and make it one's own. And not all words for just anyone submit equally easy to this appropriation, to this seizure and transformation into private property: many words stubbornly resist, others remain alien, sound foreign in the mouth of the one who appropriated them and who now speaks them; they cannot be assimilated into his context and fall out of it; it is as if they put themselves in quotation marks against the will of the speaker. Language is not a neutral medium that passes freely and easily into the private property of the speaker's intentions; it is populated - overpopulated - with the intentions of others. Expropriating it, forcing it to submit to one's own intentions and accents, is a difficult and complicated process.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|The aim of life is self-development. To realize one's nature perfectly—that is what each of us is here for. People are afraid of themselves, nowadays. They have forgotten the highest of all duties, the duty that one owes to one's self. Of course, they are charitable. They feed the hungry and clothe the beggar. But their own souls starve, and are naked.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|I dislike interaction. The less I say the better I feel. I was naturally a loner. I didn’t want conversation, or to goanywhere. I didn’t understand other people who wanted to share their emotions. Parties sickened me. I was drawn toall the wrong things: I was lazy, I didn’t have a god, politics, ideas, ideals. I was settled into nothingness; a kind of non-being, and I accepted it. I didn’t make for an interesting person. I didn’t want to be interesting, it was too hard. What Ireally wanted was only a soft, hazy space to live in, and to be left alone. Relationships never worked with me. I alwayslost interest. I simply disliked people, crowds, anywhere, except at my readings.
Victor J. Stenger, God: The Failed Hypothesis: How Science Shows That God Does Not Exist|The "you only live once" theory: Many people say that they do not believe in reincarnation; they believe when you die, you're dead. What about fish, clams, horses, bears, flies? People that say you only live once are saying some souls get to live just one life as a worm, and that is it for all of eternity.Other people believe you are judged by a god after you die. Is the worm judged?
Jack R. Rose|Hating hurts the hater the most. Hating is not a salve for the wounded soul, it is an abrasive that keeps the soul wounded and raw and oversensitive.
Roshan Sharma|Unless you are free from your own mind, you can never truly experience the freedom with life.
Octavio Paz|When I was young, I read everything I could lay my hands on, but the Scots in my storybooks spent their time fighting glorious battles, rowing across lochs, or escaping over moors of purple heather. Even those Scots were hard to find. For at school, we recited poetry according to the set texts the teachers taught us.
Cameron C. Taylor, 8 Attributes of Great Achievers|Those who would give up essential Liberty, to purchase a little temporary Safety, deserve neither Liberty nor Safety.
Nick Cutter, The Deep|The narrator, I think, must succeed in frightening himself before he can think of frightening his reader…
Neel Burton, Heaven and Hell: The Psychology of the Emotions|Socrates is a shining example of a man who bravely lived up to his ideals, and, in the end, bravely died for them. Throughout his life, he never lost faith in the mind’s ability to discern and decide, and so to apprehend and master reality. Nor did he ever betray truth and integrity for a pitiable life of self-deception and semi-consciousness. In seeking relentlessly to align mind with matter and thought with fact, he remained faithful both to himself and to the world, with the result that he is still alive in this sentence and millions of others that have been written about him. More than a great philosopher, Socrates was the living embodiment of the dream that philosophy might one day set us free.
Sami Abouzid|You Keep Looking at what you want but you can’t have it , and once you have it it will never be the same. Sign of times
Kurt Eichenwald, Conspiracy of Fools: A True Story|They were unironic enthusiasts for all the mass pleasures the culture offered: television, NASCAR, cruises, Disney World, sports, celebrity gossip, and local politics. Szabo often wished that he could be as well adjusted as Melinda's family, but he would have had to be medicated to pursue her list of pleasures.
Noel Langley, The Land of Green Ginger|When a Lady chooses to Change Her Mind,' said the Mouse with a touch of hauteur, 'a Gentleman would consider it no more than her Privilege, and not Badger Her About It.
Anne Sexton|And what of the dead? They lie without shoesin the stone boats. They are more like stonethan the sea would be if it stopped. They refuseto be blessed, throat, eye and knucklebone. 
Lev Grossman|No matter what happens i choose to value the memories of the good times, grow from the lessons of the bad times because i don't regret a single moment of it, every detail made me who i am.
Margo T. Rose, The Words|All the things that you said when you thought I wasn't there,I just tell them to my corner, 'cause no one else would care.That way, when I'm with you, I can keep a cheerful face,But for the moment, I really just need some space.
Frank Crane|We're never so vulnerable than when we trust someone - but paradoxically, if we cannot trust, neither can we find love or joy.
Debasish Mridha|Accept changes, with love, to fill life with happiness.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|You can be a person with a strong passion or holy anger and be furious in a way that will make the society safer, godly, with social justice and equity.
Mark W. Boyer|So dream big daring dreams, and then underachieve a little bit each day. I recommend setting attainable daily goals that, when achieved, provide positive reinforcement to help you stay on the path to the big goal
Cheryl Hersha, Secret Weapons: How Two Sisters Were Brainwashed To Kill For Their Country|He says, "I would walk around the township and I could point them out, which girls had been abused. You could see it in them. There's a luminosity to incest. The taboo is so strong and the damage so great. Luminosity--do you understand? It travels across oceans and down generations. They shine with it.
|Even if you have to walk fast for 30mins, five days a week, by all means do so. Never make excuses to why you don't have the time to work out. Your body deserves to enjoy the taste of a good health. Never settle for less.
Garry Shandling|My great-grandmother was born in London, the daughter of a Brixton coachman, and became the most famous singer in Australia. Her name was Marie Carandini, Madame Carandini.
Sheri   Fink|He was pitching to me before I could walk. He gave me wooden bat before my mother let me use scissors. He said I could make the major leagues one day if I had "a plan," and if I "stuck to the plan"Of course, when you're that young, you nest in your parents' plans, not your own.
Harshada Pathare|It finally had to.I understood that it wouldn’t be easy, it would be very hard; I’d need to resist the habit I had developed long ago – with conviction. I’d have to be impolite, an inconvenience, and sometimes awkward. But if I could commit, all that discomfort would add up to zap predatory threats like a Taser gun. I’d stun them. They’d bow to me. I’d let my no echo against the mountains.
Angela N. Blount, Once Upon a Road Trip|Have you ever tried thinking of God as a person instead of an all-powerful vending machine that never gives you the right amount of change? He has feelings too, you know.
G.K. Chesterton|For Persons are selves and, in one respect at least, I was now a Not-self, simultaneously perceiving and being the Not-self of the things around me. To this new-born Not-self, the behavior, the appearance, the very thought of the self it had momentarily ceased to be, and ofother selves, its one-time fellows, seemed not indeed distasteful (for distastefulness was not one of thecategories in terms of which I was thinking), but enormously irrelevant.
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|From the moment of my birth, I lived with pain at the center of my life. My only purpose in life was to find a way to coexist with intense pain.
Diana Lopez|I surf more now for other people than myself. I feel a lot of support from people wanting me to do well, and I feed off that. I can send a positive message to people from what I do.
Anupam Kher|I think that's very sad, that I haven't allowed my heart to be broken. I have broken a few.
Harley King|My writing, it’s my way of making sense of everything. My way to feel whole. May I never be complete and may I never feel content – please, let me always have the need, always have the urge to write. 
Antony Beevor|When we say, even in a global village, that all politics is local, we mean that national sovereignties are the only reliable source of political authority.
Lao Tzu|Human beings can reach such desperate solitude that they may cross a boundary beyond which words cannot serve, and at such moments there is nothing left for them but to bark.
Sister Souljah|Food is everything. Food, friends, family: Those are the most important things in life.
Alin Sav|You are here to leave something! You are here to make a point! It is your responsibility to find the point you have to mind or you shall always mind the point others are hitting or missing at the expense of your own point! When you know the point to hit, mind the point and don’t miss the point, and no matter how many times you try and fail, let the point be your point and keep hitting!
Roger Zelazny, Creatures of Light and Darkness|A totally nondenominational prayer: Insofar as I may be heard by anything, which may or may not care what I say, I ask, if it matters, that I be forgiven for anything I may have done or failed to do which requires forgiveness.  Conversely, if not forgiveness but something else may be required to insure any possible benefit for which I may be eligible after the destruction of my body, I ask that this, whatever it may be, be granted or withheld, as the case may be, in such a manner as to insure said benefit. I ask this in my capacity as your elected intermediary between yourself and that which may not be yourself, but which may have an interest in the matter of your receiving as much as it is possible for you to receive of this thing, and which may in some way be influenced by this ceremony. Amen.
Lawrence Blair, Ring of Fire: An Indonesia Odyssey|Here's my question: What age are you when you're in Heaven? I mean, if it's Heaven, you should be at your beauty-queen best, and I doubt that all the people who die of old age are wandering around toothless and bald. It opens up a whole additional realm of questions, too. If you hang yourself, do you walk around all gross and blue, with your tongue spitting out of your mouth? If you are killed in a war, do you spend eternity minus the leg that got blown up by a mine?I figure that maybe you get a choice. You fill out the application form that asks you if you want a star view or a cloud view, if you like chicken or fish or manna for dinner, what age you'd like to be seen as by everyone else. Like me, for example, I might pick seventeen, in the hopes I grow boobs by then, and even if I'm a pruny centegenarian by the time I die, in Heaven, I'd be young and pretty.Once at a dinner party I heard my father say that even though he was old old old, in his heart he was twenty-one. So maybe there is a place in your life you ear out like a rut, or even better, like the soft spot on the couch. And no matter what else happens to you, you come back to that.The problem, I suppose, is that everyone's different. What happens in Heaven when all these people are trying to find each other after so many years spent apart? Say that you die and start looking around for your husband, who died five years ago. what if you're picturing him at seventy, but he hit his groove at sixteen and is wandering around suave as can be?Or what if you're Kate, and you die at sixteen, but in Heaven you choose to look thirty-five, an age you never got to be here on Earth. How would anyone ever be able to find you?
Anna M. Aquino, Cursing the Church or Helping it?: Exposing the Spirit of Balaam|No one has greater love than this, to lay down one’s life for one’s friends.
Winston Graham, Jeremy Poldark|Existentialism” is a thinkingThat no longer wishes to think; this means the destructionOf the true thinking that constitutes man.The existentialist fanaticsDislocate their brains for nothing — it is only a case ofSelf-delusion and self-promotion.For to think truly means: recollection.Let the fools spin their foolishness.-----“Daseinsphilosophie” — sie ist ein DenkenDes Nichtmehr-Denkenwollens: so ZerstörungDes wahren Denkens, das den Menschen macht.Die Existenz-Fanatiker verrenkenSich das Gehirn für nichts — nur SelbstbetörungUnd Selbstbespiegelung kommt in Betracht.Denn wirklich denken heißet: sich besinnen.Und lasst die Narren ihre Torheit spinnen.
Reinhold Niebuhr, Children of Light and the Children of Darkness|Never think that you need to protect God. Because anytime you think you need to protect God, you can be sure that you are worshipping an idol.
Anne Rice, The Vampire Lestat|You have a light in you that’s almost blinding. But in me there’s only darkness. Sometimes I think it’s like the darkness that infected you that night in the inn when you began to cry and to tremble. You were so helpless, so unprepared for it. I try to keep the darkness from you because I need your light. I need it desperately, but you don’t need the darkness.
Jack Kerouac, On the Road|A pain stabbed my heart, as it did every time I saw a girl I loved who was going the opposite direction in this too-big world.
D.H. Lawrence|The day of the absolute is over, and we're in for the strange gods once more
J.M.  Briggs, The Iron Realm|Challenges not only help form a person, but allow them to experience deeper levels of themselves. Nicole lived through being abandoned by her parents only to recently come to terms with the fact that she does not want them or need them anymore, Bran lost his father to a war and suffered an injury that would have left many bitter, but for his mother's sake has done his best to remain brave and positive through it all….. Aiden, Nicole and Bran have all already faced challenges that have helped them learn who they really are and what really matters to them. They know their personal truths and that gives them the strength they need to find their connection." –Morgana le Fey/ Morgana Cornwall
Sagar Gosavi|Death lasts only a moment, but we think about it every moment. (La mort ne dure qu'un instant, - Mais on y pense chaque instant)
Tara Brach|My books are about ordinary people, like you, me, people on the street, people who really have an expectation of reasonable happiness in life, want their life to have a sense of security and predictability, who want to belong to something bigger than them, who want love and affection in their life, who want a good future for the children.
John Green|Yet from time to time we are betrayed by language, if not in the words themselves, in the rhythm with which we deliver our words. Over time, I would learn to listen for those wonderful moments when people spoke a kind of personal music, which left a rhythmic architecture of who they were. I would be much more interested in those rhythmic architectures than in the information they might or might not reveal.
Pet Torres, Ardent Affection|Then I rest my head on his chest and I feel the beating of his heart, even though it is not as fast as mine at this moment. I imagine that his heart can be as cold as an ice vial or a steel shield that will never be penetrated by any kind of feeling that makes him more human and less insensitive. ~Emily
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|There are people who desperately want to change the world. I wonder if it could be measured, because the world is already in the state of continuously change since the beginning of time. Or they may just want their names etched nicely on men history.
Stuart Murdoch, The Celestial Café|If you don't know how to die, don't worry; Nature will tell you what to do on the spot, fully and adequately. She will do this job perfectly for you; don't bother your head about it.
Catherine Gilbert Murdock, Dairy Queen|Grow up and be different and don’t let anyone tell you not to be different, because all superheroes are different.
David Graeber, Debt: The First 5,000 Years|Probably it is true enough that the great majority are rarely capable of thinking independently, that on most questions they accept views which they find ready-made, and that they will be equally content if born or coaxed into one set of beliefs or another. In any society freedom of thought will probably be of direct significance only for a small minority. But this does not mean that anyone is competent, or ought to have power, to select those to whom this freedom is to be reserved. It certainly does not justify the presumption of any group of people to claim the right to determine what people ought to think or believe.
Akash Lakhotia, World Hypnotized: Making of the Fuhrer|Collect memories, not things.Fill-up dreams, not pockets.Rise above your calling and be the person you always wanted to be.
Christoph Christian Sturm, Reflections on the Works of God in Nature and Providence for Every Day in the Year|Autumn is Nature's last party of the year. And dressing for the occasion, forests don their brightest attire, while the creatures follow suit with plush coats of fur. As the birds savor their final flights in the waning embers of light, Nature's children scamper about in search of manna for their winter pantries, pausing long enough to frolic in the heaps of newly fallen le
Theresa Lewis|Don't take life for granted or love ones for granted. Today may be the only time you have left to smell the roses, to laugh at silly jokes, to dance in the rain, or to hold your loved ones close. Life is a vapor, inhale the beautiful things in life and exhale the ugly things in life!
Debasish Mridha|Love is my love, love is my religion.
Ford Madox Ford|Some mornings when I wake up, it takes a long time to remember who I am. Like, it takes a while for everything that's happened in last month to download into my brain. It's nice, not knowing. Even if it's just for five minutes.
Zeena Schreck|A unifying factor between the different traditions and lineages of Tantra, is that it is feminine in nature. It acknowledges the feminine as the basis from which all the practices spring. Therefore, Tantra is by its nature, the understanding that all phenomenal existence, the universe, or cosmos, that we experience is feminine in nature.
Robert   Harris, The Ghost|Of all human activities, writing is the one for which it is easiest to find excuses not to begin – the desk’s too big, the desk’s too small, there’s too much noise, there’s too much quiet, it’s too hot, too cold, too early, too late. I had learned over the years to ignore them all, and simply to start.
K.C. Dyer|My father never was a famous guy, he was just a person which made a lot of mistakes. But the suicide wasn't the best path, the best choice it was a way which could be skipped by using something else, by doing something else.But the question is why did he do it?To make mad and crazy the daughter of his ladylove??
Gianni Rodari, The Grammar Of Fantasy: An Introduction To The Art Of Inventing Stories|Reality can be entered through the main door or it can be slipped into through a window, which is much more fun.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|When we aren't honest with ourselves about who we are and what we want, we allow other people and circumstance to determine our life course.
David Maisel|Try to keep your soul always in peace and quiet, always ready for whatever our Lord may wish to work in you. It is certainly a higher virtue of the soul, and a greater grace, to be able to enjoy the Lord in different times and different places than in only one.
Brian Hodge, Best New Horror 22|Let me see what I can come up with,' she said, and seemed to take a new satisfaction in it now. Something wrong to do, a law to break, and if she was lucky she might even get to steal, and it must have been then that everything changed between us and each of us didn't just have a neighbor to pass the time with but the closest thing either of us could find to a friend. ("Just Outside Our Windows, Deep Inside Our Walls")
John Muir|Only by going alone in silence, without baggage, can one truly get into the heart of the wilderness. All other travel is mere dust and hotels and baggage and chatter.
Lisa Abu-Bakr|Beauty is merely defined by the very core of one's soul, which then and only then outlines one's outside features, reflecting beyond the body. With every line representing who you are.  The wrinkles around the eyes from laughing so hard, the callus on ones hands from giving, the scars on one body from "living", the curve of ones mouth from the words their speaking, the lines on one's for curiosity their building. Truth is we all hold our own definition of beauty, it's that simple.
Simone Elkeles, Rules of Attraction|Dios mio, I think my brother lost his balls somewhere between here and Mexico. Or maybe Brittany has them zipped inside that fancy purse (of hers).
Julie Bowen|I've never been speed dating! I sort of wish I had, just for the experience of it.
Brennan Manning, The Furious Longing of God|The gospel is absurd and the life of Jesus is meaningless unless we believe that He lived, died, and rose again with but one purpose in mind: to make brand-new creation. Not to make people with better morals but to create a community of prophets and professional lovers, men and women who would surrender to the mystery of the fire of the Spirit that burns within, who would live in ever greater fidelity to the omnipresent Word of God, who would enter into the center of it all, the very heart and mystery of Christ, into the center of the flame that consumes, purifies, and sets everything aglow with peace, joy, boldness, and extravagant, furious love. This, my friend, is what it really means to be a Christian.
Tom Verducci, The Yankee Years|I had such a hard time giving all the glory to God when first accepting Him as Lord. Coming out of a theatre background where there were many applauds and accolades, I suffered from what I call "attention-itis" - the need for recognition. It took many years and much eating of crow before I became conscious of giving all praise to God for my accomplishments.
Dana Michelle Burnett, Spiritus|Mine own people do not care for me, John Carter; I am too unlike them. It is a sad fate, since I must live my life amongst them.
Amit Ray|Mind knows the questions, soul knows the answers.
Emery Lord, Open Road Summer|Then his voice resonates over the speakers again. 'A good friend helped me find these lyrics again, and I told her if she ever fell, I'd be there to catch her. She told me if I ever sang this song like I just did, it'd be a success. Well, I'm keeping up my end of the deal.
Anyaele Sam Chiyson, The Sagacity of Sage|Anyaele Sam Chiyson Leadership Law of Effectual Change: Good leaders value change, they accomplish a desired change that gets the organization and society better.
Adrienne Wilder, Seven|Lovely, not only did the truck look like it was on its last leg, it was going to take the environment with it.
N'Zuri Za Austin, Fragments of a Reflection|In 2015, the writer Alex Blank Millard engaged in her own gender-swap experiment to highlight the misogynist nature of online abuse. Sick of constantly receiving rape threats from ‘faceless eggs’ online, she changed her Twitter profile photo to that of a white man – but kept the content she posted the same. When Millard tweeted about rape culture, fat shaming, and systemic oppression as Lady Alex, the standard response was a deluge of rape and death threats, and a bunch of guys calling her fat. When she commented on the same things as Straight- and Cis-Looking White Dude Alex, she was retweeted, favourited, and even cited by Buzzfeed (Millard, 2015).
Elizabeth Hoyt, To Beguile a Beast|Roz to Amelia (the house ghost): How considerate of you, after trying to kill me, to see that I don't catch a cold.
David Levithan, The Twelve Days of Dash and Lily|But I don't like it, okay? I don't like how everything is changing. It's like when you're a kid, you think that things like the holidays are meant to show you how things always stay the same, how you have the same celebration year after year, and that's why it's so special. But the older you get, the more you realize that, yes, there are all these things that link you to the past, and you're using the same words and singing the same songs that have always been there for you, but each time, things have shifted, and you have to deal with that shift. Because maybe you don't notice it every single day. Maybe it's only on days like today that you notice it a lot. And I know I'm supposed to be able to deal with that, but I'm not sure I can deal with that.--David Levithan (p. 201 in galley)
Emily Dickinson|It is something like the way dame Nature gathers round a foreign body an envelope of some insensitive tissue which can protect from evil that which it would otherwise harm by contact. If this be an ordered selfishness, then we should pause before we condemn any one for the vice of egoism, for there may be deeper root for its causes than we have knowledge of.
Azhar Sabri, Sarhad Ke Us Paar|Time is itself on time, are you
Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce|Someday I will have revenge. I know in advance to keep this to myself, and everyone will be happier. I do understand that I am expected to forgive N and his girlfriend in a timely fashion, and move on to a life of vegetarian cooking and difficult yoga positions and self-realization, and make this so much easier and more pleasant for all concerned.
Maggie Stiefvater, Shiver|And people with obsessions, reflected Bond, were blind to danger.
Edmund Hillary|I think there's a number of pillars to success. One is you've got to have a great idea. The other is you've got to have a constituency, you've got to have finance, and you've got to be able to raise awareness.
Ryan Lilly|The critical ingredient is getting off your butt and doing something. It’s as simple as that. A lot of people have ideas, but there are few who decide to do something about them now. Not tomorrow. Not next week. But today. The true entrepreneur is a doer, not a dreamer.
Ivan Krastev|From stoplights to skyscrapers, turn anywhere in civilization and you will see imagination at work. It's in our inventions, advances and remedies and how a single parent masterminds each day. Imagination is boundless, surrounds us and resides in us all.
Shelly Thacker, Forever His|Now, at last, she understood her great attraction to him. Here was the companion of her spirit. Here, indeed, was love.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|O Lord, renew my mind,
Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club|Advertising has these people chassing cars and clothes they don't need. Generations have been working in jobs they hate, just so they can buy what they don't really need. We don't have a great war in our generation, or a great depression, but we do, we have a great war of the spirit. We have a great revolution against culture. The great depression is our lives. We have a spiritual depression.
Mari Mancusi, Boys that Bite|Usually we're on the same page. Other times I'm in a whole other book"~ Arika Wolly
Alicia Kobishop, The Fine Line|I am happy with you." It was only a half-lie. In truth, being with him made me happier than anything. But it was a bittersweet happiness because from this moment on, it would be overshadowed with the wait and wonder of when and how our relationship would dissolve.
Cindi Madsen, An Officer and a Rebel|She closed her eyes, soaking in the feel of his hand, then opened them and stared at his perfect face as longing wrapped itself around her heart. "If this is a mistake, it's one I'll gladly keep making.""I don't think it's a mistake, I just want to do things the right way.""Not everything's always black and white. And you don't always have to put what you want on hold for everyone else.
Luffina Lourduraj|I see my mother exactly as she is – sad and strong, tense and trying.
Felix Wantang, God's Blueprint of the Holy Bible|You were saved when you believed in Jesus, but you were transformed when you realized He believed in you.
H. R. Ellis Davidson|I sometimes go to a mythical place called "workplace", where the doable is always unpassable as possible, especially when it pisses you off.
Steve Madden|The design process usually starts as a fantasy, with ideas that I dream of and visualize. These ideas become a reality by bringing various ingredients together, from the lifestyle of my bride, her age and sex appeal, to the textures of the finest fabrics and embroideries that we produce in my family factories in India.
Honore de Balzac|All humanity is passion; without passion, religion, history, novels, art would be ineffectual.
Paul Harris|If you look back today over the last 25 years, it is a fact that we have had a progressive degeneration of our intelligence community in general; in particular in the field of human intelligence.
Laura Marano|Like love, breakfast is best when made at home.
Tahereh Mafi, Destroy Me|And I've fallen.So hard.I've hit the ground. Gone right through it. Never in my life have I felt this. Nothing like this. I've felt shame and cowardice, weakness and strength. I've known terror and indifference, self-hate and general disgust. I've seen things that cannot be unseen.And yet I've known nothing like this terrible, horrible, paralyzing feeling. I feel crippled. Desperate and out of control. And it keeps getting worse. Every day I feel sick. Empty and somehow aching.Love is a heartless bastard.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, A Short Autobiography|...I have never cared for any men as much as for these who felt the first springs when I did, and saw death ahead, and were reprieved - and who now walk the long stormy summer. It is a generation staunch by inheritance, sophisticated by fact - and rather deeply wise. More than that, what I feel about them is summed up in a line of Willa Cather's: "We possess together the precious, the incommunicable past.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|and afterward, after it was done, it was too much, and I felt like I was going to... I don't know.... explode, and it was just too much, I had to let it out you know? I had to-I interrupted her hysteria It's okay, I understand.That was a lie. I didn't get her cutting at all. She'd done it sporadically, ever since the accident and it scared me each time. She'd try to explain it to me, how she didn't want to die - she just needed to get it out somehow. She felt so much emotionally, she would say, that a physical outlet - physical pain - was the only way to make her internal pain go away. It was the only way she could control it.
Emi Iyalla|To succeed in this competition means finding yourself in a place where you call the shots and get the gains. This is not an easy feat, unless you are born into it. if you are not, you will need to out-smart your equals. You need to be more ambitious than they are. You need to work harder. You need to look better and smarter. You need to justify why it should be you and not them. It’s a competition.
Emmitt Smith|I prefer to be a dreamer among the humblest, with visions to be realized, than lord among those without dreams and desires.
Eyden I., Woman's Book: Only For Men|Let's remember that God create us, showed us the right path and then He gave us free choices that mean, everyone of us on this earth has our free choices so we are here to live our life the way that we want not the way that other people expect us to live, neither we should think, feel or want that others live according our expectation.so remember well that if you want to live according what your believe then it is fine but you should never allow yourself to expect others to live according your believe or religion cause they don't believe what you believe neither they are Robot that need someone to control them.
George MacDonald|I only wake to fall asleepAnd sleep, to awake without end.
Luccini Shurod, The Painter|Now drawing four fingers up the sides of her stomach, my hands create a kind of invisible wave that sounds beneath her skin. Molding her torso every which way as if it were clay for me to experiment, I study the lines of her iridescent form flowing in a rhythmic beauty that fascinates me into this fixation. My finger circles around the rim of her belly button as if to enjoy the sounds that might come from a crystal glass. Her every touch absorbs my ability to discern thought as I become rested in this feeling of absolute ecstasy. Life without her I know would indefinitely destroy me, having already solemnly delivered my spirit to this angel that comes down to be with me.
Greg Bear|Once, poets were magicians. Poets were strong, stronger than warriors or kings — stronger than old hapless gods. And they will be strong once again.
Tom Wolfe, The Bonfire of the Vanities|Your self…is other people, all the people you're tied to, and it's only a thread.
Kat Von D., Go Big or Go Home: Taking Risks in Life, Love, and Tattooing|As long as she is near or within his power to reach, he will be drawn to her, leaving less of him for others and that's why she had to leave. She knew, despite her own great desire, that there are consequences and responsibilities that are more important and life-altering than personal feelings.
Ashlyn Chase, I Dream of Dragons|If anyone names me after a gemstone, I’m going to find out how well my new teeth work on them. I saw that movie too. I think I’ll stick with Dragon. At least it sounds badass and it’s self-explanatory.” - Jill Hammond
Francis Mandewah|Racial prejudice has always been a difficult topic for me. On several occasions I've withdrawn from conversations that devolved into white bashing. I can never make a general negative statements based on whiteness. Tom didn't choose me without consideration for my race, but rather I think he chose me because of it.
Rick Riordan|It seemed weird calling a teenager 'sir' but I'd learned to be careful with immortals. They tended to get offended easily. Then, they blew stuff up.
Rae Hachton, Frankie's Monster|Being a pumpkinhead is great.""Your HEAD is a PUMPKIN.
Glenn B Miller, The Barrier: Parental concern never ends|From listening and silence can be learn a lot of, but these skills to be learn that's the hard and complicated work...
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|I am older than you. Believe me, there is no other way to live on earth. Men are not open to truth or reason. They cannot be reached by a rational argument. The mind is powerless against them. Yet we have to deal with them. If we want to accomplish anything, we have to deceive them into letting us accomplish it. Or force them. They understand nothing else. We cannot expect their support for any endeavor of the intellect, for any goal of the spirit. They are nothing but vicious animals. They are greedy, self-indulgent, predatory dollar-chasers
Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief|George unhinged his jaw and coughed up a little plastic bottle filled with chewable vitamins."You're kidding," I said. "Are those Minotaur-shaped?"Hermes picked up the bottle and rattled it. "The lemon ones, yes. The grape ones are Furies, I think. Or are they hydras? At any rate, these are potent."
Raaz Ojha|If you hesitate to learn from others, you will never learn anything new.
Sunday Adelaja|Don’t fellowship with people around you alone, explore and reach out to more people
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|Do you remember back at the hotel when you promised that if we lived, you’d get dressed up in a nurse’s outfit and give me a sponge bath?" asked Jace."It was Simon who promised you the sponge bath.""As soon as I’m back on my feet, handsome," said Simon."I knew we should have left you a rat.
Kierra C.T. Banks|If perception is limited to experience and knowledge, what proof do we have of moral judgement?
Ta-Nehisi Coates|Healing in America is being able to call it our home, to build a future for our children, to still believe in tough times, to remember our forefathers, and stepping forward together towards a common solution
Erik Pevernagie|We perceive the world through the rear window of life, observe all the puzzles and little pieces of our existence and assemble them in a comprehensive pattern. This allows us to reassess and evaluate our world view. ( "Waiting for the pieces to fall into place" )
Michael A. Stackpole, I, Jedi|Life is not without pain, but life concerns itself with how we handle that pain, or joy, or confusion or triumph. Life is more than time passing before death, it is the sum and total of all we make of it.
Sara Ramirez|What an electric thrill it sends up and down the spine, how it sets the heart racing: A Royal Romance! A Royal Wedding! The pomp and the pageantry!
Lester Holt|The world of learning is so broad, and the human soul is so limited in power!
Mark Zuckerberg|When a great many people are unable to find work, unemployment results.
Zbigniew Brzezinski|We should be therefore supporting a larger Europe, and in so doing we should strive to expand the zone of peace and prosperity in the world which is the necessary foundation for a stable international system in which our leadership could be fruitfully exercised.
Rie Warren, In His Command|When I make love to you, Lanie, I want you to feel every inch of me buried deep inside of you, loving you, worshiping your body...
Raquel Welch|I've still got a small fitness and conditioning business where I travel round the world doing stuff for individuals and corporations, mainly fitness training.
Alcurtis Turner|Indeed, four men like them, four men devoted to each other from their money to their lives, four men always supporting each other, never retreating, performing singly or together the resolutions they had made in common; four arms threatening the four points of the compass or all turning to a single point, must inevitably, be it surreptitiously, be it openly, be it by mines, by entrenchments, by guile, or by force, open a way to the end they wanted to reach, however well defended or far off it might be.
Debasish Mridha|Without love and forgiveness, how could there be happiness?
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Just as the Bible is God’s written Word, so Jesus is God’s living Word.
Rodney Stark|Slavery ended in medieval Europe only because the church extended its sacraments to all slaves and then managed to impose a ban on the enslavement of Christians (and of Jews). Within the context of medieval Europe, that prohibition was effectively a rule of universal abolition. 
Bryn Holmes, E Learning: Concepts And Practice|A major challenge we face today, therefore, is to create a desire in people to learn; and to foster and facilitate this desire throughout their lives.
Grant Morrison, Doom Patrol, Vol. 3: Down Paradise Way|It's always the same with lost people; you start out looking for them, and you end up losing yourself.
Simon Tolkien, No Man's Land|You can't win because of the guns," said Adam with a sigh. "Machine guns, mortars, field guns, howitzers: it doesn't matter how much courage soldiers have, how much will; flesh and blood can't pass through bullets and shells, or at least not in sufficient numbers to have any effect. The guns win in the end and they always will. Not us, not the Germans - the guns.
Peter Watts, Echopraxia|At first, many people infected with the zombie virus experienced similar symptoms to Ebola.
Lisa Mantchev, So Silver Bright|Have you ever watched a leaf leave a tree? It falls upward first, and then it drifts toward the ground, just as I find myself drifting towards you.
Charlotte Brontë, Villette|This little man was of the order of beings who must not be opposed, unless you possessed an all-dominant force sufficient to crush him at once.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|Being PresentYears ago, I attended a conference where the keynote speaker encouraged everyone to BE HERE NOW! It grabbed people's attention and reminded us that living, loving, listening, and laughing all occur in the present moment.
Diane von Furstenberg|We must have constantly present in our minds the difference between independence and liberty. Liberty is a right of doing whatever the laws permit, and if a citizen could do what they forbid he would no longer be possessed of liberty.
A.D. Posey|Screenwriting is like poker; in the end, you have to go all in.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|I’d always heard people say and I’m sure you heard it too, “Change takes time.” But, my parents taught me the more important lesson, very silently but with even greater clarity, “Change takes time. But, it also takes people.” People who are willing to put in their everything. Change doesn’t happen by itself.
Mia Sheridan, Ramsay|Nothing with this woman was meant to be rushed. She was like a fine wine that only improved with age and time. Time she hadn’t been given growing up, but I’d waited close to a year.I could wait some more.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|Economists have a singular method of procedure. There are only two kinds of institutions for them, artificial and natural. The institutions of feudalism are artificial institutions, those of the bourgeoisie are natural institutions. In this, they resemble the theologians, who likewise establish two kinds of religion. Every religion which is not theirs is an invention of men, while their own is an emanation from God. When the economists say the present-day relations--the relations of bourgeois production--are natural, they imply that these are the relations in which wealth is created and productive forces developed in conformity with the laws of nature. These relations therefore are themselves natural laws independent of the influence of time. They are eternal laws which must always govern society. Thus, there has been history, but there is no longer any. There has been history, since there were institutions of feudalism, and in these institutions of feudalism we find quite different relations of production from those of bourgeois society, which the economists try to pass off as natural and, as such, eternal.
Victoria Beckham|In the '60s and '70s and early '80s, the trainers would grind you, and eventually they would break something - they would break an ankle in ways that it would heal. It was just the way of the business, to ensure that you learned respect for wrestling.
Mariah Carey|when you feel like hope is gone, look inside you and be strong and you'll finally see the truth- that hero lies in you.
Boyd K. Packer|Thoughts, like water, will stay on course if we make a place for them to go. As you learn to control your thoughts, you can gain courage, conquer fear and have a happy life.
Deepak Chopra, How To Know God: The Soul's Journey Into The Mystery Of Mysteries|In India they tell a fable about this: There was once a great devotee of Vishnu who prayed night and day to see his God. One night his wish was granted and Vishnu appeared to him. Falling on his knees, the devotee cried out, "I will do anything for you, my Lord, just ask.""How about a drink of water?" Vishnu replied.Although surprised by the request, the devotee immediately ran to the river as fast as his legs could carry him. When he got there and knelt to dip up some water, he saw a beautiful woman standing on an island in the middle of the river. The devotee fell madly in love on the spot. He grabbed a boat and rowed over to her. She responded to him, and the two were married. They had children in a house on the island; the devotee grew rich and old plying his trade as a merchant. Many years later, a typhoon came along and devastated the island. The merchant was swept away in the storm. He nearly drowned but regained consciousness on the very spot where he had once begged to see God. His whole life, including his house, wife, and children, seemed never to have happened.Suddenly he looked over his shoulder, only to see Vishnu standing there in all his radiance."Well," Vishnu said, "did you find me a glass of water?
Jesse L. Martin|I have never had a current state of mind. My mind changes a great deal. I am very affected by any sorrow or sad thing, and I am very affected by joy and beauty.
Ivan Illich|In an advanced industrial society it becomes almost impossible to seek, even to imagine, unemployment as a condition for autonomous, useful work. The infrastructure of society is arranged so that only the job gives access to the tools of production...Housework, handicrafts, subsistence agriculture, radical technology, learning exchanges, and the like are degraded into activities for the idle, the unproductive, the very poor, or the very rich. A society that fosters intense dependence on commodities thus turns its unemployed into either its poor or its dependents.
Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip|Travel is costly yes, but it pays dividends too.
Margaret Graham|Accepting experiences is through the understanding that everybody was born equal, no labels, no social status, no preconceptions just born a little person preparing to grow-up on what ever path is grown from development, environment and/or otherwise everybody has the right to have a roof over their head, three meals a day, a wage/payment which can support themselves and their families, a benefit system that cares for the disabled and people with mental illnesses, a government that looks out for all it's people, wars quenched not and man made barriers be fallen so every person knows the commonality of being human is that everybody is all different and let people be novices to other peoples experiences so another person gains anew. People all deserve the right to be equal.
Meg Cabot|This should tell you everything you need to know about guys. They only go after what they know they can get. We girls, on the other hand, aim really high. We take a leap...
Robin Sacredfire|The law of manifestation operates like a triangle: First, know what you want and visualize it as if you already had it; Second, see it behind the illusion of reality, practice it in your decisions, choose the people you hang out with, etc; Third, believe, have faith and work on your emotions to be at the right frequency. This triangle of manifestation is one of the secrets of many religions: Christianity, Scientology, and Freemasonry. In Masonry is seen as "heart, mind and desire"; in Scientology is perceived as "reality, communication and affinity"; in Christianity is understood as "Father, son and holy ghost"; basically, "actions, learnings and emotions". In Christianity, the Father equals reality or the Creator of the illusion, the son is the way, the path, the road of our decisions and actions, and the holy ghost is our heart, instincts and desires manifested in that same path. In other words, through Jesus, and with the power of the holy ghost, you reach God. This is an allegory that not many Christians can understand. Jesus represents behavior - right and wrong, the holy ghost is our faith, your heart and emotions reflecting back at you what you attract, it's the energy that connects you to your dreams, and God represents the Architect of Reality. So, through moral behavior and positive emotions, your understand God and life, and then you receive "paradise". This paradise is whatever you dream for yourself. Furthermore, if someone has shown you this way, he has been as an angel to you, a messenger of God; if someone stopped you from reaching it, he has been as a demon, a worker for Satan, the enemy; if you failed in seeing this path, you have redirected yourself towards hell. And if you hate your life, you are already in hell. If you want to get out of hell, you must accept the truth, and this truth is that you must know God, for He is the truth. He and the truth are one and the same.
David Benioff|When widows exclaim loudly against second marriages, I would always lay a wager than the man, If not the wedding day, is absolutely fixed on.
J.A. Redmerski, The Edge of Never|I hate to say it, but shit really does happen. You just have to get over it. Beat the hell out of it by doing things that make you happy.
Malcolm Gladwell, Outliers: The Story of Success|You are an instrument of God. Don't leave the instrument sitting in its case, my son. Play! Leave no part of your instrument unexplored. Why settle for 'Three Blind Mice' when you can can play the 'Gloria'? No, not Bach's 'Gloria.' Yours! Your 'Gloria' lives within you. The greatest sin is not finding it, ignoring what God made possible in you.
Jessica Landmon|Dear God, help us to be a living example of being Christ-centered. Purify the areas in our lives where we allowed the world and enemy to gain access. Please direct us into authentic truth so that all may see You in us.
Hermann Hesse|It was shameless how life made fun of one; it was a joke, a cause for weeping! Either one lived and let one's senses play, drank full at the primitive mother's breast—which brought great bliss but was no protection against death; then one lived like a mushroom in the forest, colorful today and rotten tomorrow. Or else one put up a defense, imprisoned oneself for work and tried to build a monument to the fleeting passage of life—then one renounced life, was nothing but a tool; one enlisted in the service of that which endured, but one dried up in the process and lost one's freedom, scope, lust for life...Ach, life made sense only if one achieved both, only if it was not split by this brittle alternative! To create, without sacrificing one's senses for it. To live, without renouncing the mobility of creating. Was that impossible?
Adam Davidson|In my worst moments, I think the biggest effect of 'Eats, Shoots & Leaves' was to kill the happiness of people who had previously skipped through life, unaware of all the atrocities lurking in the world around them.
Lucy, Birds in the Sky|It's all chop-change chop-change with you. Either go out with me and treat me nicely, or leave me alone. As I say, I am not interested in fuckwittage.
Jill Badonsky|Breathing is a lot like creativity. Like an inhale, you receive an inspiration, you let it run through the unique magnificence of who you are, and then you release it into the world, letting it go, unattached to the way it needs to look.
Socrates|Gold is good in its place; but loving, brave, patriotic men are better than gold.
Lena Dunham|Women saying, 'I'm not a feminist' is my greatest pet peeve. Do you believe that women should be paid the same for doing the same jobs? Do you believe that women should be allowed to leave the house? Do you think that women and men both deserve equal rights? Great, then you're a feminist.
David Byrne, How Music Works|Mrs Lynde says, "Blessed are they who expect nothing, for they shall not be disappointed." But I think it would be worse to expect nothing than to be disappointed.
Brené Brown|We can't pack down hurt, nor can we off-load it to someone else while maintaining our authenticity and integrity. Most of us have been on the receiving end of one of these outbursts. Even if we have the insight to know that our boss, friend, colleague, or partner blew up at us because something tender was triggered and it's not actually about us, it still shatters trust and respect. Living, growing up, working, or worshipping on eggshells creates huge cracks in our sense of safety and self-worth. Over time, it can be experienced as trauma.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|You never change things by fighting the existing reality. To change something, build a new model that makes the existing model obsolete.
Malak El Halabi|When you truly love, you can never really get hurt.
Lorii Myers, No Excuses, The Fit Mind-Fit Body Strategy Book|This is about me being ready to succeed.When I win in my mind, I truly win.Anything worthwhile deserves some time.I will do it this time! No excuses!
Fritz Leiber, American Fantastic Tales: Terror and the Uncanny from the 1940's Until Now|In a way, Darius brings the vampire back to a more classical interpretation. A modern day Dracula who is charming, sensual, and completely monstrous. There is no pretense of humanity with him. He considers himself a member of a species that is the true apex predator of the world, feeding on humans and using them as puppets for their own bizarre games. He's not struggling with any inner angst. Most humans are either food, entertainment, or useful tools to him. Sometimes all three. He finds the modern popular interpretation of vampires both amusing and useful for his own agenda.
Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|There is no such thing as magic, supernatural, miracle; only something that's still beyond logic of the observer.
Confucius|Women are more evolved biologically and emotionally, that’s well knownand it’s obvious. But they confuse sex and the spirit; they don’tseparate. Men, as you know, always separate: they separatetheir human and dog natures.
Phaedra Patrick, The Curious Charms of Arthur Pepper|In symbolic exchange, of which the gift is our most proximate illustration, the object is not an object: it is inseparable from the concrete relation in which it is exchanged, the transferential pact that it seals between two persons: it is thus not independent as such. It has, properly speaking, neither use value nor (economic) exchange value. The object given has symbolic exchange value.
Christina Westover, The Man Who Followed Jack Kerouac|Energy manipulation took place completely in mind,same way believing in telepathy caused telepathic abilities to grow STRONGER.
Haruo Shirane, Early Modern Japanese Literature: An Anthology, 1600-1900|If love goes too far, it turns into cruelty.
John le Carré, Our Game|A dead man is the worst enemy alive, I thought. You can't alter his power over you. You can't alter what you love or owe. And it's too late to ask him for his absolution. He has beaten you all ways.
Ayn Rand, The Romantic Manifesto|To me, the body says what words cannot. I believe that dance was the first art.
Patricia Polacco|Nonetheless, do I have respect for people who believe in the hereafter? Of course I do. I might add, perhaps even a touch of envy too, because of the solace.
Caedem Marquez, A Boyfriend Before Christmas|I lay on the bed and shut my eyes, thinking that nobody really likes marriage, that it's a flawed arrangement, that people get enthusiastic and jump in for a hundred reasons and then, after the ceremony, after a few years, the whole deal turns into a concert they wouldn't have dreamed of attending.
Maggie Stiefvater, Lament: The Faerie Queen's Deception|‎Pleasure is wild and sweet. She likes purple flowers. She loves the sun and the wind and the night sky. She carries a silver bowl full of liquid moonlight. She has a cat named Midnight with stars on his paws. Many people mistrust Pleasure, and even more misunderstand her. For a long time I could barely stand to be in ...the same room with her...
Stacey D'Erasmo|Now I will say this to every sinner, though he should think himself to be the worst sinner who ever lived: cry to the Lord and seek Him while He may be found. A throne of grace is a place fitted for you. By simple faith, go to your Savior, for He is the throne of grace.
Michael Hyatt, Living Forward: A Proven Plan to Stop Drifting and Get the Life You Want|By keeping the truly important things front and center, we often get the perspective we need to make better decisions.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|When a woman walks into a room, her outfit is the first thing she says, before she even opens her mouth. Women are judged on what they wear in a way men would find incomprehensible.
Jung Chang, Wild Swans: Three Daughters of China|Take all the fullness out of this skirt," they say. "Ok," we say, "but you'll feel awfully silly in it next year." "What do I care about next year?" they answer. "Any dress which isn't in style for at least three years isn't any good to begin with," we say.
Sam Taylor-Johnson|I must confess, I was born at a very early age.
Michael Meade|Each life involves an essential errand; not simply the task of survival, but a life-mission embedded in the soul from the beginning.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|Its very beautiful over there. I dont know where there is, but I believe its somewhere, and I hope its beautiful.
Dane Rudhyar|Hope works in these ways: it looks for the good in people instead of harping on the worst  it discovers what can be done instead of grumbling about what cannot  it regards problems  large or small  as opportunities  it pushes ahead when it would be easy to quit  it "lights the candle" instead of "cursing the darkness."
Eve Silver, Rush|Will you come with me?""Ah, Kestrel, that's something you never need to ask.
Piers Anthony|Outside, the dogs whine over the wind. They sense the wolves - they sense the wild. It calls to them, like it calls to me, and I wonder sometimes if we are the only ones who hear it.
Peter O'Toole|The three basic material rights -- continuity, mutual obligation, and the pursuit of happiness.
Robert G. Ingersoll|How do I know you're not crazy?" she asks. "How do I know you're not the craziest dude I've ever met?" "You'll have to test me out." "You have my info," she says. "I'll think about it." "Rain," I say. "That's not your real name." "Does it matter?" "Well, it makes me wonder what else isn't real." "That's because you're a writer," she says. "That's because you make things up for a living." "And?" "And"-- she shrugs--"I've noticed that writers tend to worry about things like that.
Dalai Lama XIV, How to Expand Love: Widening the Circle of Loving Relationships|(...)because Miss Temple has generally something to say which is newer than my own reflections; her language is singularly agreeable to me, and the information she communicates is often just what I wished to gain.”“Well, then, with Miss Temple you are good?”“Yes, in a passive way: I make no effort; I follow as inclination guides me. There is no merit in such goodness.”“A great deal: you are good to those who are good to you. It is all I ever desire to be. If people were always kind and obedient to those who are cruel and unjust, the wicked people would have it all their own way: they would never feel afraid, and sothey would never alter, but would grow worse and worse. When we are struck at without a reason, we should strike back again very hard; I am sure we should—so hard as to teach the person who struck us never to do it again.”“You will change your mind, I hope, when you grow older: as yet you are but a little untaught girl.”“But I feel this, Helen; I must dislike those who, whatever I do to please them, persist in disliking me; I must resist those who punish me unjustly. It is as natural as that I should love those who show me affection, or submit to punishment when I feel it is deserved.”“Heathens and savage tribes hold that doctrine, but Christians and civilised nations disown it.” “How? I don’t understand.”“It is not violence that best overcomes hate—nor vengeance that most certainly heals injury.”“What then?”“Read the New Testament, and observe what Christ says, and how He acts; make His word your rule, and His conduct your example.”“What does He say?”“Love your enemies; bless them that curse you; do good to them that hate you and despitefully use you.
Shampa Sharma|When love comes easy, forgiving is hard and forgetting even harder.
Graham Moore, The Sherlockian|Gray fall light came through the nine square glass panes. On days like this, the strips of white wood that separated the glass seemed brighter to the eye than did the window light.
Elaine Seiler, Your Multi-Dimensional Workbook: Exercises for Energetic Awakening|The spark of consciousness is reflected in the river, where a dance of infinite faces lined in profane lights.
Gian Kumar|Creativity is not any accumulated knowledge, coming from past to the present. The stage of creation is a spontaneous flash of intelligence, Energy merging with mind, to create a new beginning. Creativity and meditation are similar, as both are expressions of something beyond mind.
Samuel Johnson|The ground we walk on, the plants and creatures, the clouds above constantly dissolving into new formations - each gift of nature possessing its own radiant energy, bound together by cosmic harmony.
bell hooks, Homegrown: Engaged Cultural Criticism|Alexa and the other guests, and perhaps even Georgina, all understood the fleeing from war, from the kind of poverty that crushed human souls, but they would not understand the need to escape from the oppressive lethargy of choicelessness. They would not understand why people like him who were raised well fed and watered but mired in dissatisfaction, conditioned from birth to look towards somewhere else, eternally convinced that real lives happened in that somewhere else, were now resolved to do dangerous things, illegal things, so as to leave, none of them starving, or raped, or from burned villages, but merely hungry for for choice and certainty.
Jane Wilson-Howarth, A Glimpse of Eternal Snows: A Journey of Love and Loss in the Himalayas|We'd incorporated Asia into our bones - its colours and laughter, its smells, its rhythms, its tolerance and patience, its compassion, its lack of ageism.
George Carlin|Instead of warning pregnant women not to drink,I think female alcoholics ought to be told not to fuck
Steven Wright|A lot of people are afraid of heights. Not me, I'm afraid of widths.
Victor E. Frankl|Don't aim at success-the more you aim at it and make it a target, the more you are going to miss it. For success, like happiness, cannot be pursued; it must ensue, and it only does so as the unintended side-effect of one's dedication to a cause greater than oneself or as the by-product of one's surrender to a person other than oneself.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh|Parting is inevitably painful, even for a short time. It's like an amputation, I feel a limb is being torn off, without which I shall be unable to function. And yet, once it is done... life rushes back into the void, richer, more vivid and fuller than before. 
Matshona Dhliwayo|Jealousy stings, envy poisons, anger harms, and hate murders.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|If young people could only realize that a happy marriage depends not only on the present, but upon the past, they would be more reluctant to enter into loose, intimate relations with anyone and everyone.
Susanna Clarke, Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell|Ha!" he thought. “That will teach me to meddle with magic meant for kings! Norrell is right. Some magic is not meant for ordinary magicians. Presumably John Uskglass knew what to do with this horrible knowledge. I do not. Should I tell someone? The Duke? He will not thank me for it.
Gary Shteyngart, Little Failure|I am a kind of joke, but the question is: which kind? My job is to keep everyone guessing.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|If you are going to hide yourself and you will not stand against the work of the bad people, you have given them an endorsement.
John Gardner|The true artist plays mad with his soul, labors at the very lip of the volcano, but remembers and clings to his purpose, which is as strong as the dream. He is not someone possessed, like Cassandra, but a passionate, easily tempted explorer who fully intends to get home again, like Odysseus.
Marie de France|As a child growing up in San Francisco in the 1950s, I sometimes met insults when I ventured outside of Chinatown or my neighborhood. I have even been spat on and threatened with a knife. I could have let my anger fester until it became hate. However, I realized they were isolated incidents, and I simply got on with my life.
Brian   Joyce, The B-Side Diaries|Kiernan told me-" Tears I hadn't even felt coming on suddenly began streaming down my cheeks. I had to swallow a sob before I could continue. "He told me he was sorry for-for loving me. He was s-sorry because," a deep breath helped me regain some of my waning control, "he didn't want to hut me. His biggest fear was the pain he'd cause those he cared about after he was gone. But I think we can all agree that knowing Kiernan for even a single day was worth a lifetime of grief
Eminem, The Way I Am|Proof had this ability to not only nurture my talent, but to see that diamond in the rough when a million people could be looking at the same thing... and just not see it.
Thomas Arnold|The prime minister found something hopeful in the man's eyes and manner. The 30 or so people who run this world analyze one another that way and then make decisions of life and death for us. Scary, but true.
Paulo Coelho, Veronika Decides to Die|It’s whatever the majority deems it to be. It’s not necessarily the best or the most logical, but it’s the one that has become adapted to the desires of society as a whole.
C. JoyBell C.|You're going to meet many people with domineering personalities: the loud, the obnoxious, those that noisily stake their claims in your territory and everywhere else they set foot on. This is the blueprint of a predator. Predators prey on gentleness, peace, calmness, sweetness and any positivity that they sniff out as weakness. Anything that is happy and at peace they mistake for weakness. It's not your job to change these people, but it's your job to show them that your peace and gentleness do not equate to weakness. I have always appeared to be fragile and delicate but the thing is, I am not fragile and I am not delicate. I am very gentle but I can show you that the gentle also possess a poison. I compare myself to silk. People mistake silk to be weak but a silk handkerchief can protect the wearer from a gunshot. There are many people who will want to befriend you if you fit the description of what they think is weak; predators want to have friends that they can dominate over because that makes them feel strong and important. The truth is that predators have no strength and no courage. It is you who are strong, and it is you who has courage. I have lost many a friend over the fact that when they attempt to rip me, they can't. They accuse me of being deceiving; I am not deceiving, I am just made of silk. It is they who are stupid and wrongly take gentleness and fairness for weakness. There are many more predators in this world, so I want you to be made of silk. You are silk.
Olawale Daniel|Successful commitment occurs when your stated intentions are stronger than your hidden intentions, or when you consciously reconcile the conflict.
Abraham Hicks|Have you ever thought of yourself as a great being?Have you ever been deeply moved by a thought that came from inside? One day, I heard a voice inside me sincerely concerned for the future of the earth and humanity. That voice asked, Would a world where all life forms on this earth live together in peace and harmony be impossible? That voice answered, If all people really wanted that and chose that kind of world, why wouldn't it come true?
Toby Speed, Death Over Easy|Growing up in a family of gamblers, daredevils and practical jokers, I've learned a lot about timing and its first cousin, dumb luck, concepts I was introduced to while still in the womb.
Martin O'Malley|Anyone can show exceptional leadership ability in easy times. When all's going to plan, anyone can be inspirational/excellent/innovative and strong. The real question is how do you show up when everything's falling apart?
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|It is the challenge for every leader to develop and invest in those he depends on, to ensure his or her vision is realized in the way it has been put upon the leader’s heart. These key people will enhance the success or taint the leadership image and brand of the visionary.
De philosopher DJ Kyos|Choose to hustle now, to work hard now, to make all the sacrifice now. So that you can enjoy your tomorrow. Whatever it is that you suppose to do now. If you don't do it now, it will affect you badly for the rest of your life.
Franklin Delano Roosevelt|How many of us will ever sit... bow our heads  and pray "Lord  show me where I'm wrong"?
Noam Chomsky|Thinking is a human feature. Will AI someday really think? That's like asking if submarines swim. If you call it swimming then robots will think, yes.
Sydney Wilhelmy|You should feel good about yourself. Don't get down in a pit all about yourself, and how much you suck. 'Cause that rubbish ain't true. There's a reason you're the way you are, and who knows, anything can happen to anybody, so, never go down in the pit, and, if you do, you better get yourself poor self out of there, RIGHT AWAY.
Tanya Masse, Stairway to Awesomeness!: 30 Fundamental Steps to Living a Life of Awesomeness!|Many of us follow the commandment 'Love One Another.' When it relates to caregiving, we must love one another with boundaries. We must acknowledge that we are included in the 'Love One Another.
Madison Thorne Grey, Magnificence|You will answer this day for your treason." Then he added solemnly, "You break my heart, brother." Before Eyramus could blink Thristan was gone.
Lisa Samson, Hollywood Nobody|I just don't see the point of not eating cheese. I mean, if God didn't want us to eat cheese, would he have let man invent it?
E.M. Forster|She waited for him to go on, but he simply gaped at her, lost for words.	"Doc Grey, do you want me?" she asked before she could stop herself.	"Vera, I..." He stopped abruptly. "I..."...	"I asked you a question." The words came out breathier than she'd intended. She stepped closer, until their bodies were less than an inch apart, and stared up into his gorgeous, honey-brown eyes. He met her gaze, and she saw a spark behind his irises that could only be described with one word: desire.
Joseph Campbell, The Power of Myth|All of life is a meditation, most of it unintentional.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Poverty I am too beautiful to be like you. Sickness from the crown of my head to the sole of my feet, I belong to God.
Herbert Hoover|There is no austerity equal to a balanced mind, and there is no happiness equal to contentment; there is no disease like covetousness, and no virtue like mercy.
John Updike, Pigeon Feathers and Other Stories|He lost his appetite for reading. He was afraid of being overwhelmed again. In mystery novels people died like dolls being discarded; in science fiction enormities of space and time conspired to crush the humans ; and even in P.G. Wodehouse he felt a hollowness, a turning away from reality that was implicitly bitter, and became explicit in the comic figures of futile parsons.
Masanobu Fukuoka, The One-Straw Revolution|Fast rather than slow, more rather than less--this flashy "development" is linked directly to society's impending collapse. It has only served to separate man from nature. Humanity must stop indulging the desire for material possessions and personal gain and move instead toward spiritual awareness.Agriculture must change from large mechanical operations to small farms attached only to life itself. Material life and diet should be given a simple place. If this is done, work becomes pleasant, and spiritual breathing space becomes plentiful.
Ann Medlock|The wind picks up, but instead of putting his sweatshirt back on, he just fits the hood over his head. As he walks forward, it billows behind him like a cape.
Michio Kaku|Positive thinking is the notion that if you think good thoughts, things will work out well. Optimism is the feeling of thinking things will be well and be hopeful.
Gordon B. Hinckley|I cannot say enough of appreciation for your determination to live by the standards of the Church, to walk with the strength of virtue, to keep your minds above the slough of filth which seems to be moving like a flood across the world. Thank you for knowing there is a better way. Thank you for the will to say no. Thank you for the strength to deny temptation and look beyond and above to the shining light of your eternal potential.
Angela Carter|A good editor can make a respectable writer remarkable, just like a good parent helps a child become amazing.
Stieg Larsson, The Girl Who Played with Fire|Harley-Davidson," she said. "Sweet.
Susan Anton|Old age adds to the respect due to virtue, but it takes nothing from the contempt inspired by vice; it whitens only the hair.
Fisher Amelie, Vain|They are funny little representatives of simplicity, of awareness. No one is more aware of themselves as these children are. They have nothing, have no one but us, have seemingly no reason to be hopeful...yet they are. They choose to be happy even though the obviously easier choice would be to be frightened or sad and they have real reason to be those things as well. But they have life and faith and hope and love and they choose those things. Their innocence is addicting, their hope is catching and I'm happy to be surrounded by them.
Pat Sajak|We should not be afraid to go into a new era, to leave the old beyond.
Sue Miller, While I Was Gone|Understand this first and foremost that you are the center of your existence; nobody else is responsible. No matter how burdensome it feels, but you alone are responsible. If you accept this truth all sorrow will soon disappear. Because once it is clear that I am making this game, how long will it take you to destroy it?
Mike Gallagher|The idea of self-reliance is important to me, and that is echoed, in my way of thinking, by a conservative approach to politics.
Sebastian Pole, Discovering the True You with Ayurveda: How to Nourish, Rejuvenate, and Transform Your Life|Because we cannot scrub our inner body we need to learn a few skills to help cleanse our tissues, organs, and mind. This is the art of Ayurveda.
Jason Y. Ng, No City for Slow Men: Hong Kong's quirks and quandaries laid bare|He tensed up at the thought of going back to work. Avoid stressful thoughts, he reminded himself. There was no need to rush his vacation thinking about such foul things as coming back home or going back to work. The vacation had only just begun and it was going to be a good one.
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|Loyalty and obedience to wisdom and justice are fine; but it is still finer to defy arbitrary power, unjustly and cruelly used--not on behalf of ourselves, but on behalf of others more helpless.
James Terzian, The Lord of Shadows Rises|Fears can stop dreams,but not regrets
Zipha Keatley Snyder|Craving is a good thing.In matters of culinary art, craving creates wonders.
Saul Williams, , said the shotgun to the head.|When I can feel you breathing into me i, like a stone gargoyleatop some crumbling building,spring to lifea resuscitated angel.
Chris Matakas, My Mastery: Continued Education Through Jiu Jitsu|In my own life, I have always viewed personal mastery as simply a medium through which I become capable of providing more service toward my fellow man.
Mark  Lawrence, Prince of Thorns|Тhere isnʹt much I wouldnʹt do for you. Тhe stupider, the better.
Truman Capote, Breakfast at Tiffany's|Are you there God? It’s me, Margaret. I just told my mother I want a bra. Please help me grow God. You know where.
Joseph Brodsky|I don't think of poetry as a 'rational' activity but as an aural one. My poems usually begin with words or phrases which appeal more because of their sound than their meaning, and the movement and phrasing of a poem are very important to me.
Richard Davenport-Hines, Universal Man: The Seven Lives of John Maynard Keynes|When left alone with her, I ignored her and kept my eyes on my book, though I confess I turned over more pages than I read.
Human Angels, We are human angels|First, if any opinion is compelled to silence, that opinion may, for aught we can certainly know, be true. To deny this is to assume our own infallibility. Secondly, though the silenced opinion be an error, it may, and very commonly does, contain a portion of the truth; and since the general or prevailing opinion on any subject is rarely or never the whole truth, it is only by the collision of adverse opinions that the remainder of the truth has any chance of being supplied.
Morrie Camhi|We see things not as they are, we see them as WE are.
Dave Franco|When I turned 18, my mom, my nana and I all went and had tattoos of our favorite Bible verses put on the inside of our wrists. Mine is 1st Timothy, 4:12.
Angelica Hopes|Mathematics is the study of analogies between analogies. All science is. Scientists want to show that things that don't look alike are really the same. That is one of their innermost Freudian motivations. In fact, that is what we mean by understanding.
bell hooks|Emotional neglect lays the groundwork for the emotional numbing that helps boys feel better about being cut off. Eruptions of rage in boys are most often deemed normal, explained by the age-old justification for adolescent patriarchal misbehavior, "Boys will be boys." Patriarchy both creates the rage in boys and then contains it for later use, making it a resource to exploit later on as boys become men. As a national product, this rage can be garnered to further imperialism, hatred and oppression of women and men globally. This rage is needed if boys are to become men willing to travel around the world to fight wars without ever demanding that other ways of solving conflict can be found.
Marc Andreessen|If you're the village blacksmith and a model T comes along, you better become a mechanic. People's lives are better when they get news online versus having to wait for the morning paper. It's a lot more efficient, a lot more real time, a lot less waste.
Vishal Gupta|Wisdom : balance between survival, principles and emotions.
S.M. Reine, Paradise Damned|Hell will be Heaven with Friends, Heaven will be Hell without them.
Jay Samit|Watching my dad, Ralph Lauren, design clothes when I was young, I was always inspired.
David Pietrusza, 1960--LBJ vs. JFK vs. Nixon: The Epic Campaign That Forged Three Presidencies|In the 1960 campaign, Arthur Schlesinger wrote of Adlai Stevenson, who already lost twice as the party's presidential nominee, "He has been away from power too long; he gives me an odd sense of unreality, a certain frivolity, distractedness, over-interest in words and phrases.
Vanora Bennett, The People's Queen|Don't ever be honest about who you are—and I mean that as a life rule, not just in this instance.
Gabrielle Suzanne Barbot De Villeneuve|I went to public school but kept to myself. When you live in a brothel, you don't want anyone coming to your home.
Pablo Neruda|Leaning into the afternoons I cast my sad netstowards your oceanic eyes.There in the highest blaze my solitude lengthens and flames,its arms turning like a drowning man's.I send out red signals across your absent eyesthat smell like the sea or the beach by a lighthouse.You keep only darkness, my distant female,from your regard sometimes the coast of dread emerges.Leaning into the afternoons I fling my sad netsto that sea that is thrashed by your oceanic eyes.The birds of night peck at the first starsthat flash like my soul when I love you.The night gallops on its shadowy mareshedding blue tassels over the land.
Zeena Schreck|It is the nature of the Kali Yuga that most human beings are now held back from spiritual liberation due to the gravity of inertia, apathy and laziness, (known in Sankrit as the quality of tapas) that overwhelms this age. Despite this seemingly gloomy prognosis, there is a way out of this predicament for those with the will and stamina to awaken from the rampant lethargy, within and outside of themselves, to take action.
Dave Eggers, The Wild Things|Max had to think about these new developments. He hadn't liked getting hit by a rock--his stomach still ached from then rock Judith had thrown--but then again, when his team had used rocks on Alexander, it had caused him to surrender. Now the Bad Guys only had three soldiers left, which would make victory for Max's team more likely. So now it made perfect sense. He was wrong to ban rocks, or even animals. The key was to use all the weapons at one's disposal, but to just make sure you won when you used them.
Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar|The one thing I was good at was winning scholarships and prizes, and that era was coming to an end.
Mac Canoza|The sense of security more frequently springs from habit than from conviction, and for this reason it oftensubsists after such a change in the conditions as might have been expected to suggest alarm. The lapse of time during which a given event has not happened, is, in this logic of habit, constantly alleged as a reason why the event should never happen, even when the lapse of time is precisely the added condition which makes the event imminent.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|If you seek for supreme predator, go find God. He hunts the prime killer of mankind, the Satan.
Honoré de Balzac, Père Goriot|Where some one else's welfare is concerned, a young girl becomes as ingenious as a thief. Guileless where she herself is in question, and full of foresight for me,--she is like a heavenly angel forgiving the strange incomprehensible sins of earth.
Charles Bukowski, You Get So Alone At Times That It Just Makes Sense|I am alone in the world, and yet not alone enough to make each hour holy. I am lowly in this world, and yet not lowly enough for me to be just a thing to you, dark and shrewd. I want my will and I want to go with my will as it moves towards action.
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|Goodness, that stuff rips like paper,” she exclaimed, reaching to pull her tank top off. She was halfway through the action when the door opened and Alec walked into the room.“Izzy, are you—” he began. His eyes flew wide, and he backed up fast enough to smack his head into the wall behind him. “What is he doing here?”Isabelle tugged her tank top back down and glared at her brother. “You don’t knock now?”“It—It’s my bedroom!” Alec spluttered. He seemed to be deliberately trying not to look at Izzy and Simon, who were indeed in a very compromising position.
Kirk Chisholm|Human Nature is not a problem that can be fixed by rules and regulations. All solutions to the existing problems must be based on how people behave, not on how we think they should behave.
Charlotte Eriksson, Another Vagabond Lost To Love: Berlin Stories on Leaving & Arriving|I was running and deliberately lost my way. The world far off and nothing but my breath and the very next step and it’s like hypnosis. The feeling of conquering my own aliveness with no task but to keep going, making every way the right away and that’s a metaphor for everything.
Josef Pieper, Happiness and Contemplation|Here we must take account of one of St. Thomas's conceptual distinctions, which at first seems like unnecessary caviling. It is the distinction between "uncreated" and "created" happiness. We have here something which, while not at all obvious, is nevertheless fraught with consequences for our whole feeling about life. Namely, this: what does indeed make us happy is the infinite and uncreated richness of God; but participation in this, happiness itself, is entirely a "creatural" reality governed from within by our humanity; it is not something that descends overwhelmingly upon us from outside. That is, it is not only something that happens to us; we ourselves are intensely active participants in our own happiness. Beatitude - Thomas is saying - cannot possibly be conceived as a merely objective condition of sheer existence. It is not a mere quality, not pure passivity, not simply a feeling. It is something that takes place in the alert core of the mind... Happiness is an act and an activity of the soul.
Osho, And The Flowers Showered Discourses On Zen|Live as intensely as possible, burn your candle of life from both ends.
Regillio Hardjopawiro|Be brave to fight for change no matter how hard it might be, first step you take will bring you closer to your goal
Jean-Paul Sartre|The young man knows the rules, but the old man knows the exceptions.
Thomas Bernhard, Correction|Instead of committing suicide, people go to work.
Julianne Moore|Puerto Ricans who find they can no longer afford to keep their pets often choose to drop their dogs, sometimes even whole litters of puppies, at a beach - sometimes under cover of night, in secret - rather than surrender the animal to a city or state-run shelter where the animals will face grim conditions and almost certain death by euthanasia.
Alessandra Torre|I'm done. I don't need anything more out of life. I have you, and that's enough.
Dave Barry|Electricity is actually made up of extremely tiny particles called electrons, that you cannot see with the naked eye unless you have been drinking.
Dave Matthes, In This House, We Lived, and We Died|With riddles as black as coals, and answers as invisible as our past, I can only depend upon the crest of the rolling wave I now traversed; a romance worshiped only by the dreamer in us all, a psithurism of trust making its way through the years of our ascension to one day climb above the kaleidoscopic canopy of this mortal coil.
Albert Einstein|That which is impenetrable to us really exists. Behind the secrets of nature remains something subtle, intangible, and inexplicable. Veneration for this force beyond anything that we can comprehend is my religion.
Patrick Gale|A woman once held a Canary in the palm of her hand and stroked her and whispered a careful warning. The canary, seeking some freedom to fly, went into the mine while the woman watched in worry. The mine was filled with toxic gases and the Canary began to sing. She flew into danger, realized the threats around her, and wished to return to a place of refuge.
Lundy Bancroft, Why Does He Do That?: Inside the Minds of Angry and Controlling Men|Because I'm just a giving person spiritually, I feel that if your intentions are to use or abuse or take advantage of, then you might get what you get in the meantime, but there's still a price to pay.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Incubus Dreams|Walking into my room, I turned and caught his gaze, “But you’re good at walking away, so you obviously haven’t changed.” Pointing to my chin, I indicated, “Except this,” meaning his goatee, “this is new, but you being an asshole, yep- still there. Oh well.” I took a step back and flicked the door, slamming it. -Trice
Debra Dunbar, Satan's Sword|I glanced over and saw Wyatt glaring at me. Journey’s “Lovin’ Touchin’, Squeezin’” was playing on the radio.“What?” I asked.“You secretly hate me, don’t you.” He gestured toward the radio. “You can’t stand the thought of me taking a much needed nap and leaving you to drive without conversation. You’re torturing me with this sappy stuff.”“It’s Journey. I love this song.”Wyatt mumbled something under his breath, picked up the CD case, and started looking through it. He paused with a choked noise, his eyes growing huge.“You’re joking, Sam. Justin Bieber? What are you, a twelve-year old girl?”There’s gonna be one less lonely girl, I sang in my head. That was a great song. How could he not like that song? Still, I squirmed a bit in embarrassment.“A twelve-year old girl gave me that CD,” I lied. “For my birthday.”Wyatt snorted. “It’s a good thing you’re a terrible liar. Otherwise, I’d be horrified at the thought that a demon has been hanging out with a bunch of giggling pre-teens.”He continued to thumb through the CDs. “Air Supply Greatest Hits? No, no, I’m wrong here. It’s an Air Supply cover band in Spanish.” He waved the offending CD in my face. “Sam, what on earth are you thinking? How did you even get this thing?”“Some tenant left it behind,” I told him. “We evicted him, and there were all these CDs. Most were in Spanish, but I’ve got a Barry Manilow in there, too. That one’s in English.”Wyatt looked at me a moment, and with the fastest movement I’ve ever seen, rolled down the window and tossed the case of CDs out onto the highway. It barely hit the road before a semi plowed over it.I was pissed. “You asshole. I liked those CDs. I don’t come over to your house and trash your video games, or drive over your controllers. If you think that will make me listen to thatDubstep crap for the next two hours, then you better fucking think again.”“I’m sorry Sam, but it’s past time for a musical intervention here. You can’t keep listening to this stuff. It wasn’t even remotely good when it was popular, and it certainly hasn’t gained anything over time. You need to pull yourself together and try to expand your musical interests a bit. You’re on a downward spiral, and if you keep this up, you’ll find yourself friendless, living in a box in a back alley, stinking of your own excrement, and covered in track marks.”I looked at him in surprise. I had no idea Air Supply led to lack of bowel control and hard core drug usage. I wondered if it was something subliminal, a kind of compulsion programmed into the lyrics. Was Russell Hitchcock a sorcerer? He didn’t look that menacing to me, but sorcerers were pretty sneaky. Even so, I was sure Justin Bieber was okay. As soon as we hit a rest stop, I was ordering a replacement from my iPhone.
Nathan Fillion|I kind of fell backwards into acting. I was studying to be a high school teacher. I look now and I understand completely, or actually barely, how much work it is to be a teacher. It's an incredible amount of work.
Rohinton Mistry, A Fine Balance|People forget how vulnerable they are despite their shirts and shoes and briefcases, how this hungry and cruel world could strip them, put them in the same position as my beggars.
Clare Vanderpool|As the ocean tugged me at my feet, i realized that Early Auden, that strangest of boys, had saved me from being swept away.
Thea Harrison, Dragon Bound|There are plastic bags with zippers on them. I've seen them in commercials," Dragos said to her. He snapped his fingers, trying to remember the name. "You put food in them.""Ziploc bags?" she asked in a cautious voice.He pointed at her. "Yes. I want one.
A.E. Housman, A Shropshire Lad|It nods and curtseys and recoversWhen the wind blows above,The nettle on the graves of loversThat hanged themselves for love.The nettle nods, the wind blows over,The man, he does not move,The lover of the grave, the loverThat hanged himself for love.
Jeffrey Fry|Failure, loss and defeat are just mile markers on the road to success.
Sarah J. Maas, Heir of Fire|When your people are lying dead around you, don't come crying to me...
John L. Monk, Kick|We need the life… We need to know what we take left someone weaker or dead. It reminds us what we were. The Hunger when you start out, it isn't in the stomach or brain. You want to kill because you hate that others get to live.
Meg Cabot|Prior to being allowed to enter the profession, prospective teachers should be asked to talk with a group of friendly students for at least half an hour and be able to engage them in an interesting conversation about any subject the prospective teacher wants to talk about.
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway To Christmas: Soulfully Inspiring You in the Days Leading Up to Christmas and Beyond!|Amidst such Soulful exploration each passage - is given new meaning, wisdom & insight.
W. Somerset Maugham|... a man aint so different from a horse or a mule, come long come short, except a mule or a horse has got a little more sense.
Tom Stoppard, Night and Day|Resolutely ignoring Banu's dark mutterings, steeling herself against the barrage of harsh words that questioned her motives, her upbringing, and her morality
Kate Atkinson, Case Histories|She should have done science, not spent all her time with her head in novels. Novels gave you a completely false idea about life, they told lies and they implied there were endings when in reality there were no endings, everything just went on and on and on.
Malcolm Forbes|As far as I'm concerned, I own my dogs as I own my body. My legs are with me when I take a shower, and I feel no shame. If I were to lose one, I'd grieve, and people would send sympathy cards, but it would be my condition that evoked the sympathy, not the fate of the leg. That's like losing a dog.
Joe Biden|We need more transparency and accountability in government so that people know how their money is being spent. That means putting budgets online, putting legislation online.
Deborah L. Halliday, Cherishing the Sacred Fire: The Poetry of Sarah Josepha Hale's Ladies' Magazine 1828-1836|Nature enhances her beauty, to the eye of loving men, from their belief that the poet is beholding her shows at the same time. He is isolated among his contemporaries by truth and by his art, but with this consolation in his pursuits, that they will draw all men sooner or later. For all men live by truth and stand in need of expression. In love, in art, in avarice, in politics, in labor, in games, we study to utter our painful secret. The man is only half himself, the other half is his expression.
Antoine Rivarol|The ultimate function of prophecy is not to tell the future, but to make it. Your successful past will block your visions of the future.
Joel Kinnaman|Doing good holds the power to transform us on the inside, and then ripple out in ever-expanding circles that positively impact the world at large.
Debasish Mridha|When your intentions are to serve, you will be served.
Liane Moriarty, Big Little Lies|You can't lie a lifetime,son. Either you gon' tell the truth, or the truth's gon' tell on you
Ken Blanchard|I like when a man has a positive self-image, no matter what he looks like. I'm not into rock-hard abs.
Donella H. Meadows, Thinking in Systems: A Primer|Do you miss Wales?” Tessa inquired.Will shrugged lightly. “What’s to miss? Sheep and singing,” he said. “And the ridiculous language. Fe hoffwn i fod mor feddw, fyddai ddim yn cofio fy enw.”“What does that mean?”“It means ‘I wish to get so drunk I no longer remember my own name,’ Quite useful.
Murasaki Shikibu|When my brother,…, was a young boy learning the Chinese classics, I was in the habit of listening with him and I became unusually proficient at understanding those passages that he found too difficult to grasp and memorize. Father a most learned man, was always regretting the fact: ’Just my luck!’ he would say. ’What a pity she was not born a man!’ But then I gradually realized that people were saying ’It’s bad enough when a man flaunts his Chinese learning; she will come to no good,’ and since I have avoided writing the simplest character.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|If evil were not made to appear attractive, there would be no such thing as temptation.It is in the close similarity between good and evil, right and wrong, that the danger lies.
Howard Frank Mosher, Waiting for Teddy Williams|In Gym, the kids on my team learned not to pass me the ball and to step quickly in front of me if the other team tried to take advantage of my weakness. I happily stayed out of their way.
Suzette R. Hinton|I dare say that if you aren’t showing up as you, you aren’t showing up at all. You are sending a phony, a counterfeit. It isn’t you. You might even reach a goal and have happiness, but the day will come that you’ll need more.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|The collapse of an inflation policy carried to its extreme -- as in the United States in 1781 and in France in 1796 -- does not destroy the monetary system, but only the credit money or fiat money of the State that has overestimated the effectiveness of its own policy. The collapse emancipates commerce from etatism and establishes metallic money again.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, An Intimate Collision: Encounters with Life and Jesus|My sin murdered Him. And out of this self-loathing shame borne of the understanding that I could perpetrate such a heinous act, I am barely able to raise my head sufficiently to ask what crazed insanity would prompt Jesus to walk out of an empty tomb for the single purpose of pursuing a decaying soul that murdered Him? And I would be wise to consider that the question itself is asked only because I have yet to touch the barest periphery of God’s love despite the fact that because of an empty tomb it stands right in front of me.
Bruce Springsteen|The more I come to know about the outside world's perception of China, the more I feel there are all sorts of misunderstandings, and to a certain extent, people do not get the full picture from the media. A lot of foreigners have few opportunities to visit China, and a lot of Chinese people do not have the chance to go to Europe or to the West.
Richard Russo, Nobody's Fool|Regret and remorse” is a dialectic issue about what has been done, about what should have been done and about what should not have been done. ( “Island of regret. Island of remorse” )
Megan McKenna, The New Stations of the Cross: The Way of the Cross According to Scripture|There are two choices: to be human, made in the image of God, with Jesus; warp to be in human, consumed with greed and on aware of the pain that is inflicted upon others. Put in simple options, it is to be human and forgive, make peace in spite of all hatred, or to be in human and kill, dividing the spoils. To be dead before you die.
Michael Bassey Johnson|The only known technique to an imitator is to steal and rephrase, then with a mischievous smile, he said, "i did it", without any confidence and prove.
Michael  Jackson|If you enter this world knowing you are loved and you leave this world knowing the same, then everything that happens in between can be dealt with.
Jeri Baird, Tokens and Omens|You’ll have me,” Cam whispered. “You’ll have me, hummingbird. I’m your fate— even if you won’t admit it yet.
Silas Weir Mitchell|I'm a morning person because I learned to write my novels while still practicing law. I would get to the office at 6:30 a.m. and write until other people arrived, around 9. Now I still do that. I start at 6:30 or 7, and I'll write until 11, then take an hour off, then work until about 2 p.m. By then my brain has had enough.
Sun Tzu|The grim fact is that we prepare for war like precocious giants, and for peace like retarded pygmies.
santosh inani|Many Detroiters, for example, are beginning to see urban agriculture as a real part of the solution; to grow things right where people live, where they work, and definitely need healthier food on the table. Green city gardens are scattered throughout Detroit now, from the schoolyard at Catherine Ferguson Academy for pregnant teens and teen moms, to reclaimed land owned by a local order of Catholic friars (Earthworks), to a seven-acre organic farm in Rouge Park. Together, city gardeners, nonprofit organizations, and the Greening of Detroit resource agency are writing a new local-food story of urban Michigan.
Retta|Even when something sad or tragic happens, I find a way to look at it in a positive light. People who don't have a sense of humor must be so sad all the time.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Seek to be the smartest in a room, not the loudest.
Kittredge Cherry, Womansword: What Japanese Words Say about Women|When [Japanese] women encouraged men to bask in public glory, it reminded me of the way you would indulge a child with a sweet-bean treat.
David Levithan, Wide Awake|The houses have been condemned on Memory LaneI’m tired of this struggle that leaves everything the sameI’ve tried so hard to make it workthat I’m dying insideWell, you can take my pastBut you can’t have my tomorrowPromises that remain promises are useless and they’re cheapI wish I could put a price on words so I could make them keepI put so much faith in youI lost all my faith in meWell, you can take my pastBut you can’t have my tomorrowI’m giving up on giving upI can’t leave it all to prayer‘Cause the first step in getting betteris knowing what’s not thereYou said you’d make it betterand that just makes it worseWell, you can take my pastBut you can’t have my tomorrowYes, I want my life to lastSo you can’t have my tomorrowNo, you can’t have my tomorrow
Rainer Maria Rilke|I believe that almost all our sadnesses are moments of tension that we find paralyzing because we no longer hear our surprised feelings living. Because we are alone with the alien thing that has entered into our self; because everything intimate and accustomed is for an instant taken away; because we stand in the middle of a transition where we cannot remain standing. For this reason the sadness too passes: the new thing in us, the added thing, has entered into our heart, has gone into its inmost chamber and is not even there any more, — is already in our blood. And we do not learn what it was. We could easily be made to believe that nothing has happened, and yet we have changed, as a house changes into which a guest has entered.
Basith, Autopsy of the seasons|As to the roaming of sages,They move in utter emptiness,Let their minds meander in the great nothingness;They run beyond conventionAnd go through where there is no gateway.They listen to the soundlessAnd look at the formless,They are not constrained by societyAnd not bound to its customs.- Lao-tzu
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|No matter how much you exercise, no matter how many vitamins or health foods you eat, no matter how low your cholesterol, you will still die—someday. If you knew the moment and manner of your death in advance, would you order your life differently?
Firoozeh Dumas, It Ain't So Awful, Falafel|My dad always says that kindness is our religion and if we treat everybody the way we would like to be treated, the world would be a better place.
Tom Holt, Lucia Triumphant|Are you holding her?” Wrath asked. There was a pause. “As soon as I get this bow tied in the back—hold on, girlie. Okay, up you go. She’s in a pink dress that Cormia made her by hand. I hate pink. I like it on her, though—but keep that to yourself.” Wrath flexed his hands. “What’s it like?” “Not totally hating pink? Pretty fuck—ehrm, frickin’ emasculating.” “Yeah.” “Do not tell me Lassiter’s been metrosexualizing even you. I heard he talked Manello into going for a pedicure with him—but I’m praying that’s just gossip.”-Wrath & Zsadist
Manoj Arora, From the Rat Race to Financial Freedom|You're missing the point. It's not that I believe in what Lee's saying; it's that I hope he's right. I really, really hope he's right, because what's the alternative?
Jonathan Levine|My real dream is to have a whole, like, buy a whole piece of land. Imagine, like, a long driveway. Like, a cul de sac-type street, with maybe, like, seven houses. Me be right here. Have my mom be able to be right here. My brother over here. My girl's grandmother and family right here. Friends over there. That's my real dream.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|More people have died in the name of religion than any other cause on earth. Is massacring God's creations really serving God - or the devil? And what father would want to see his children constantly divided and fighting? What God would allow a single human life to be sacrificed for monetary gain? Again, the Creator or the devil?
Mehmet Murat ildan|I can’t be my own person, if i constantly require someone else to hold me together.
Rick Mears|With unemployment still abysmally high, the Obama economy is crushing Hispanics' dreams for their children to live a better life.
Shannon L. Alder|There is no perfection, only beautiful versions of brokenness.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Confessions of a Misfit|If growing up means not seeing one’s family and friends on the regular—all in the name of paying the bills, then growing up is overrated.
Rob Liano|You may not be the smartest, richest or best looking person but you're probably not the dumbest, ugliest or poorest either.
Lucretia Mott|In the true married relationship, the independence of husband and wife will be equal, their dependence mutual, and their obligations reciprocal.
Miguel Syjuco|That's just your ego, trying to make sure it stays in charge. This is what ego does. It keeps you feeling separate, keeps you with a sense of duality, tries to convince you that you're flawed and broken and alone instead of whole.
J.R.R. Tolkien|Is it true that some stories only just manage to be born? Or do these stories always seek their own path into the world and do they always, eventually, find a way of being told?
William Shakespeare, Shakespeare's Sonnets|There's nothing wicked in Shakespeare, and if there is I don't want to know it.
Cathy Williams, A Suitable Mistress|This, she thought, was what love and desperation made you do: say things that were better left unsaid, give yourself away in a million little gestures, a thousand little changes of expression.
Jack Campbell, Relentless|You can’t win unless you try to win, but you can lose by trying not to lose.
Ted Agon, The Human Key Condensed|Questions are the natural agents of curiosity. To limit question is unnatural, against nature.
Debasish Mridha|If you want to change anything or your surroundings, change your perception; it will change everything.
Hans Blix|There is no larger collective-action problem than the environment. The three biggest lies of the environmental movement is that every little bit helps, you can do your part, and together we can do it.
S.M. White, The Witch's Price|When a mortal man breaks a people, it is always blamed on the gods.
Abhijit Naskar|A Christian must worship the Self as Christ, not Christ as Christ. A Muslim must worship the Self as Mohammed, not Mohammed as Mohammed. A Hindu must worship the Self as Krishna, not Krishna as Krishna.
Alan Cohen|If I had not try and taken chances, I would have miss many opportunities in life.
Andy Stanley|People need stories...we use stories to teach, to learn, to make sense of the world around us. As long as we need stories, we will need books.
Swami Vivekananda|You have to grow from the inside out. None can teach you, none can make you spiritual. There is no other teacher but your own soul.
Helen Goldie, Nell of Whitemoss: You Are Never Alone|Archie had exciting news for me one day, ---He had just been to Washington and The Baptist World Alliance wanted him to become their Baptist World Aid Secretary. --- What a challenge, what an opportunity, what a frightening, impossible job, I thought all at once. Then a still, small voice within me reminded me: "With men this is impossible, but with God all things are possible." Matt. 1926
Mike Greenberg|This is the story of what a Woman's patience can endure, and what a Man's resolution can achieve.
Tony Robbins|What we plant in the soil of contemplation, we shall reap in the harvest of action.
Terry Pratchett|The victors always think they are righteous. But then, they always seem to start a mighty unrighteous squabbling over the spoils.
John Stuart Mill, An Essay on Samuel Taylor Coleridge|Not only the right thing is the right thing, but doing the right out of the right motives is the right thing.
Calvin Coolidge|Our government rests upon religion. It is from that source that we derive our reverence for truth and justice, for equality and liberality, and for the rights of mankind. Unless the people believe in these principles they cannot believe in our government. There are only two main theories of government in our world. One rests on righteousness and the other on force. One appeals to reason, and the other appeals to the sword. One is exemplified in the republic, the other is represented by despotism.The government of a country never gets ahead of the religion of a country. There is no way by which we can substitute the authority of law for the virtue of man. Of course we endeavor to restrain the vicious, and furnish a fair degree of security and protection by legislation and police control, but the real reform which society in these days is seeking will come as a result of our religious convictions, or they will not come at all. Peace, justice, humanity, charity—these cannot be legislated into being. They are the result of divine grace.
John Lanchester|Any flights would be taken business class, since Roger thought that the whole point of having money, if it had to be summed up in a single point, which it couldn't, but if you had to, the whole point of having a bit of money was not to have to fly scum class.
Evy Michaels|Man is in his own microcosm akin to a personal box, with poetry as its lid which it can defend itself from the world
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|God is the source of life, wealth and honour. Live life for His glory.
Steven Magee, Toxic Light|When I see the promotion of nighttime street lighting to the masses, I realize the great level of incompetence that is present in governments, human health and the biological effects of light.
Munia Khan|Our mistakes would not wish for anything more, if we could just stop giving birth to them.
Robert Byron, The Road to Oxiana|The notion of literature as only one of several avenues to a single typeof propositional knowledge is, of course, hardly the winning ticket in lit-crit today. More typical are sentiments that see such a notion as not even admissible, if at all desirable. The world of these academic refuseniks is, however, a bleak and sterile place. Disarmed by their own epistemic fiat, scholars cannot assert anything since they deny the idea of objective rationality. If they arrive at an insight whose truth they wish to defend – for example that truth and rationality are passé – they can’t do so because truth and rationality are constructed to be constructed.
Caroline Kepnes, You|How do you know, that you know?
K.A. Tucker, Ten Tiny Breaths|Must have been some kind a nightmare.”“Yeah,” I answer, my usual calm, vacant voice returning. “Can’t wait to wake up.
Lisa Daily, Single-Minded|The I examined my own heart. And there you were. Never, I fear, to be removed.
R.D. Laing|Perfection is something we should all strive for. It's a duty and a joy to perfect one's nature... The most difficult thing is love. A loveless, driving person that just competes in the rat race is far from perfection in my book.
Richard Branson|Too often the strong, silent man is silent only because he does not know what to say, and is reputed strong only because he has remained silent.
Sarah Mayberry, Her Best Friend|You realise you’re going to owe me dinner after this, right?”“How does McDonald’s sound?”“Inadequate.
Saurabh Dudeja|What is most admirable about firefighters, is there reliability. When they are called, they come
Sunday Adelaja|To fully carry out your purpose as believers, you have to discover where the people you want to minister to are
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|The human body resonates at the same frequency as Mother Earth. So instead of only focusing on trying to save the earth, which operates in congruence to our vibrations, I think it is more important to be one with each other. If you really want to remedy the earth, we have to mend mankind. And to unite mankind, we heal the Earth. That is the only way. Mother Earth will exist with or without us. Yet if she is sick, it is because mankind is sick and separated. And if our vibrations are bad, she reacts to it, as do all living creatures.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets|So Dobby stopped us from getting on the train and broke your arm. . . ." He shook his head. "You know what, Harry? If he doesn't stop trying to save your life he's going to kill you.
Steven Manchester, Gooseberry Island|Dr. Weiss stood. "There are two things you need to know right off the bat: The first is that it takes great courage to admit fear or that you need hep. Just by being here, you've proven that you have the courage. And the second id that we never get what we wish for - ever." He shrugged. "We get what we work for." He looked into David's eyes. "Are you prepared to put in the work, David McClain?
Glenn Greenwald|I can design a collection in a day and I always do, cause I've always got a load of Italians on my back, moaning that it's late.
Debasish Mridha|Wherever your thoughts and beliefs can take you, you can go there.
Adrienne Barbeau|When you walk into a room, a healthy, beautiful smile is incredibly important.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|Don't be self-conscious, if I could dream at all, it would be about you. And I'm not ashamed of it.
Farshad Asl|When your purpose and passion are in alignment, your work becomes your calling, your life becomes your dream, and your mindset becomes 20/20 in clarity.
Jojo Ghostrider|If you want to feel the life and the body of great men who are long gone, go to their tombs or monuments; if you want to understand the real life and the wisdom of great men who are long gone, go to their libraries!
John Hancock|Financial independence is paramount. My mom always says that when a woman is financially independent, she has the ability to live life on her own terms. I think that was the soundest advice that I ever got. No matter where you go in life or who you get married to, you have to be financially independent - whether you use it or not.
Henry Waxman|Civilization is built on a number of ultimate principles... respect for human life, the punishment of crimes against property and persons, the equality of all good citizens before the law... or, in a word justice.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|I have the word of God and my bible is very interesting, this book was conceived in battle, Jesus Christ our Saviour was conceived in brokenness, out of barenness to redeem a people who were in bondage to their sin. I know exactly where to go when the people start getting confused, trading lies for truth, buying injustice for justice and even when the media starts to show me the prospectives of the world that I am living in, I have my prospective from the word of God.
Richard Paul Evans, Miles to Go|They say a journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. I took mine and fell flat on my face. As a young woman, I dreamed of changing the world. In my twenties, I went to africa to try and save the continent, only to learn that Africans neither wanted nor needed saving. Indeed, when I was there, I saw some of the worst that good intentions, traditional charity, and aid can produce...I concluded that if I could only nudge the world a little bit, maybe that would be enough.But nudging isn't enough.
Michael   Lewis, Moneyball: The Art of Winning an Unfair Game|Doing, in a life of balance, should be driven from who you have decided to be.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|An old fashioned outfit is not a costume, it's a comedy.
Robin Sacredfire|A man can only rise, conquer, and achieve by lifting up his thoughts.
Yagnavalkya|It was inevitable under a monarchy, however benevolent the monarch. The old virtues disappear. Independence and frankness are at a discount. Complacent anticipation of the monarch's wishes is then the greatest of all virtues. One must either be a good monarch like yourself, or a good courtier like myself—either an Emperor or an idiot.
Jac Prescott|One thing I’ve learned about art is that, it’s not perfect. It doesn’t have to be a flawless masterpiece. I’m not perfect, we’re not perfect… but right here, right now… is perfect. It’s a masterpiece.
Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|There is a force that drives everything in this universe;you may call it anything you like, names that fit in tongue;when you're close to it, you have the power to do anything.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|I am not your dog that you whistle for; I’m not a stray animal you call over, and I am not, I never have been, nor will I ever be, your “baby”!
Sameh Elsayed|Meantime the clang of the bows and the shouts of the combatants mixed fearfully with the sound of the trumpets, and drowned the groans of those who fell, and lay rolling defenceless beneath the feet of the horses. The splendid armour of the combatants was now defaced with dust and blood, and gave way at every stroke of the sword and battle-axe. The gay plumage, shorn from the crests, drifted upon the breeze like snowflakes. All that was beautiful in the martial array had disappeared, and what was now visibke was only calculated to awaken terror or compassion.
Karma-glin-pa, The Tibetan Book of the Dead|Dharma practice means physical hardship; it means that you shouldn't be pansies about it. You should exert yourselves wholeheartedly to engage in the practice, so that it will affect your body, speech, and mind.
Anthony T Hincks|Thank you for being you, because without whom, I wouldn't be me.
Akshay Vasu|So crucify the ego, before it's far too late,To leave behind this place so negative and blindAnd cynical - and you will come to find that, We are all one mind capable of All that's imagined and all conceivable,Just let the light touch youAnd let the words spill through,And let them pass right throughBringing out our hope and reason,Before we pine away
Muhammad Imran Hasan|SMILE Is Not Just A Word.... It Means A Lot, Love, Trust, Warmth, Tenderness Etc, In Fact It Means WORLD.... So SMILE ALWAYS.... That Means, YOU Are Giving A WORLD To SOMEONE....
Arthur Helps|To wear your heart on your sleeve isn't a very good plan; you should wear it inside, where it functions best.
Jonah Hill|We ogle plants and animals up close on television, the Internet and in the movies. We may not worship the animals we see, but we still regard them as necessary physical and spiritual companions. Technological nature can't completely satisfy that yearning.
Elizabeth Hoyt, Thief of Shadows|When Josey woke up and saw the feathery frost on her windowpane, she smiled. Finally, it was cold enough to wear long coats and tights. It was cold enough for scarves and shirts worn in layers, like camouflage. It was cold enough for her lucky red cardigan, which she swore had a power of its own. She loved this time of year. Summer was tedious with the light dresses she pretended to be comfortable in while secretly sure she looked like a loaf of white bread wearing a belt. The cold was such a relief.
Thomm Quackenbush, Artificial Gods|Because they died, we know we still live. Because a star explodes and a thousand worlds like ours die, we know this world is. That is the smile: that what might not be, is.
Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce|I played possum. I did this, as the possum does, out of fear.
Plato, The Trial and Death of Socrates|Death is easy, you just take the gun or the knife and you just start to suicede by your own or you tell to somebody who is relative to you or somebody who is a friend it doesn't matter and you give him the gun or you say to him what to do and he kills you. This is easy, we aren't born to give up, we aren't born to die let's make ways, let's make our choices, even if you are down in the misearble place and you have lost hope and everything. You mustn't give up continue, stand up say that you won't give up, make few breaths and exhalations, then go to this road and continue. That's your mission!
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|He who has little problems, shows little love. He who has overcome huge problems, has giant love. Because he understands what it means and won’t have others suffer like he did.
Murray Walker|I'm an anorak. I've always been an obsessive collector of things. Richard Briers collects stamps. I collect cars and guns, which are much more expensive, and much more difficult to store.
Sunday Adelaja|God allows us, through thoughts, ideas, words and revelations, to imagine things in ourconscious mind that He has already created in the invisible spirit realm.
Louis Sachar|Start with the difficult and when it gets easy, everything else is easier.
Mary MacLane, I Await the Devil's Coming|It was at that moment, that even though she'd thought it before, Finley realized that Emily was a bloody genius.
Ali Shaw, The Girl With Glass Feet|I think falling in love should come with a warning label: CAUTION—side effects may include breaking up, accompanied by heartache, severe mood swings, withdrawal from people and life itself, wasted hours obsessing over bitter reflections, a need to destroy something (preferably something expensive that shatters), uncontrollable tear ducts, stress, a loss of appetite (Cheetos and Dr. Pepper exempt), a bleak and narrow outlook on the future, and an overall hatred of everyone and everything (especially all the happy couples you see strolling hand-in-hand, placed on your path only to exacerbate your isolation and misery). All above reactions will be intensified with the consumption of one or more alcoholic beverages.
Anonymous|You have to get hurt . That is how you learn . The strongest people out there , the ones who laugh the hardest , those are the people who have fought the toughest battles . But they've decided longback , they're not going to let anything down . They are showing the world who's the boss here
Carla H. Krueger, The Social Worker|I have a very addictive personality. If it isn’t women, it’s money. If it isn’t money, it’s speeding. And if it isn’t speeding, it’s women. I also like expensive video consoles where I can punch, kick, screw, shoot and drive legally all night anywhere I fucking well want to.
Rebecca Bloom, Girl Anatomy: A Novel|Lighten up.” I yawned, pointing across the street to the diner. “If I got upset every time someone beat me, or chased me, or tried to rape me, I’d be crying in my cereal every morning. No one likes a whiner.
Mary Oliver, West Wind|You are young. So you know everything. You leap into the boat and begin rowing. But, listen to me. Without fanfare, without embarrassment, without doubt,I talk directly to your soul. Listen to me.
Richelle Mead, Frostbite|This isn't a Christmas special! This is my life. In the real world, miracles and goodness just don't happen.
Carson Daly|We must advertise to U.S. business that we are there, that our attitude has changed, and that we care. When we are asked to help, we have to perform and provide the right advice.
Virginia Woolf, A Room of One's Own|When, however, one reads of a witch being ducked, of a woman possessed by devils, of a wise woman selling herbs, or even of a very remarkable man who had a mother, then I think we are on the track of a lost novelist, a suppressed poet, of some mute and inglorious Jane Austen, some Emily Bronte who dashed her brains out on the moor or mopped and mowed about the highways crazed with the torture that her gift had put her to. Indeed, I would venture to guess that Anon, who wrote so many poems without signing them, was often a woman.
Seth Mcfarlane|Well, I myself am a 100% atheist. And I am increasingly worried that the Israeli-Palestinian struggle, which dominates our entire life, is assuming a more and more religious character.
Henry David Thoreau|The knowledge we need, we are predisposed to seeking, intuitively.A fool does not know, what to do with importance, how to gauge importance, but they readily seek influence.The corrupt didn't find the expanse of life giving thought, because their self is their center; the stagnant find it hard to revolve.The wise do not subscribe to the fodder that feeds the herd, because they are not predisposed to being swept along in banal minutiae.
Caisey Quinn, Leaving Amarillo|That's the funny thing about music. Part of the magic, I quess. Sometimes it replenishes me, like I'm feeding off its energy and it fills me. And other times, it pulls at my pain, weaves its way through the strands of my soul and wrecks it".
Auliq Ice|Don't worry.When life puts you down,hope will push you up
Frederick Forsyth, The Dogs of War|The natives who saw him walking alone, and later brought him back to the town for burial, said he was whistling when he went. Being simple peasants, growers of yams and cassava, they did not know what the whistling was. It was a tune called "Spanish Harlem.
Denise Juneau|When children do not have three square meals a day, a proper education, and at least one adult who they know loves and is committed to them, it's very unlikely they will grow up to be productive citizens of the world.
Albert Ellis|Unfortunately, religion, like patriotism, is easy to misuse for political purposes.
Shubha Vilas, OPEN-EYED MEDITATIONS Practical Wisdom for Everyday Life|An uneducated heart competes, a half educated heart cooperates but enlightened heart serves
Paul Couch, The Bluffer's Guide to The Simpsons|Hello and welcome to this collection of calls put together specifically to embarrass the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Now you’ll hear us tackle the very pillars of science: physics, chemistry, fluid dynamics and, of course, cream rinse.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading 2|Moomah," Travis mumbled and Joker looked to the kid to see his eyes on the magazine, his fingers twiddling his lip."Yeah, son, that's your momma."Travis looked to him. "Moomah.""Yeah, boy."Travis took his fingers from his lip and curled them around Joker's. "Joejoekah.""Yeah," Joker whispered. "I'm your Joker."The boy wobbled a second then dropped forward and landed a sloppy, open-mouthed kiss on his hand and Joker's mouth.He wobbled back."Love you too, kid," Joker whispered.Travis giggled.
Ahmad Fuadi, Negeri 5 Menara|knowledge is like nur, a ray of light. And light cannot come and be in a dark place. Because of that, clean your hearts and your minds, so that light can come, touch, and brighten your soul,” -178
Kiran Desai, The Inheritance of Loss|Falsehood flies, and truth comes limping after it, so that when men come to be undeceived, it is too late; the jest is over, and the tale hath had its effect: like a man, who hath thought of a good repartee when the discourse is changed, or the company parted; or like a physician, who hath found out an infallible medicine, after the patient is dead.
Henry Kuttner, Masters of Horror|they're so fond of Liberty in this part of the globe, that they buy her and sell her and carry her to market with 'em. They've such a passion for Liberty, that they can't help taking liberties with her.
Mike Adams|Feminists often pretend to be angry and offended in order to win debates or, I should say, prevent debates from ever happening. If you can act angry and offended, especially on a college campus, you can shut down the other side using a speech code.
Dr. Deborah Hecker|When your partner overreacts 1st try to understand their “hot spot” before overreacting; otherwise you lose your ability to think clearly, communicate effectively and the cycle continues.
Orson Scott Card, Hart's Hope|Fatherhood to us was an act of passion, soon forgot; but not to Orem ap Avonap. Never guessing that the blond and happy farmer was no blood of his, Orem had taken a part of that simple man into himself and saved it for this time. At any time in the Palace he might run by, Youth on this shoulders or, as time went by, toddling along behind.
Leigh Hershkovich|Stand strong, firm and rooted like a solid tree. Though distractions may cause you to waver, remain balanced and calm. Otherwise, you will surely snap in half and fall to the ground at the slightest hint of difficulty. Be a filter, not a sponge. Learn to remove unnecessary junk from your life before it becomes a part of who you are. Stand tall, stand proud, keep your eyes and your body focused. Otherwise, you will blow away with the slightest gust of wind.
A.N. Meade, Marked|She was not at the concert any more. She looked around the rustic room, blinking. What the hell?The singer had her in his arms still. There was no balcony between them now.His hands slid into her hair, keeping her head still. "Not yet," he begged, sliding his lips down her throat, nuzzling her jaw. "There's time yet, Toireasa," he murmured. "Time to say fare thee well properly,.""We should have returned to Ireland, Breandan," she whispered, as he loosened the ties on her gown and dropped it from her shoulders. The words came to her naturally, even as a tiny voice was raging in her mind, "What on earth are you saying, Taylor?" But that voice was being drowned out by the pure sensuousness he was stirring in her.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Breakfast of Champions|The things other people have put into my head, at any rate, do not fit together nicely, are often useless and ugly, are out of proportion with one another, are out of proportion with life as it really is outside my head.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Even when she had to make some one a present of the kind called 'useful,' when she had to give an armchair or some table-silver or a walking-stick, she would choose 'antiques,' as though their long desuetude had effaced from them any semblance of utility and fitted them rather to instruct us in the lives of the men of other days than to serve the common requirements of our own.
B. R. Ambedkar|Scientists are not delinquents. Our work has changed the conditions in which men live, but the use made of these changes is the problem of governments, not of scientists.
Mike Love|Rehab is one thing, but it takes years to get that attitude adjustment.
Michelle Frost, First Light|Rage and despair shook her for minutes or hours. She was unaware of the passage of time. Finally spent, she retreated inward and collapsed onto the floor in a fetal position, the letter in shreds around her. The room had grown dark. Like a gentle snowfall, the cold mantle of an unbearable silence descended.
Alice Hoffman, The Marriage of Opposites|From the time I could read, I found solace in my father's library...At the ages of ten and eleven and twelve I would have preferred to remain in the library...
Samuel Goldwyn|There are better ways we can transform this virulent hatred - by living our ideals, the Peace Corps, exchange students, teachers, exporting our music, poetry, blue jeans.
Robert S. Cosmar|We know Existence, because we are existence. We know Truth, because we are truth.We know Life, because we are life itself.The mind cannot remember this, because it is an experience far removed from it. The mind is an observer, not a knower. It can remember, but it cannot become what it remembers.The mind is a false witness to truth, life, and existence.
Douglas Alexander|Mary Jo and I have three teenagers who are in their last years at home. In addition, I was just offered and accepted a position with Williams College as a visiting lecturer on leadership beginning in February 2017, and anticipate accepting other academic positions shortly.
Alice Jamieson, Today I'm Alice: Nine Personalities, One Tortured Mind|Some alters are what Dr Ross describes in Multiple Personality Disorder as 'fragments'. which are 'relatively limited psychic states that express only one feeling, hold one memory, or carry out a limited task in the person's life. A fragment might be a frightened child who holds the memory of one particular abuse incident.' In complex multiples, Dr Ross continues, the 'personalities are relatively full-bodied, complete states capable of a range of emotions and behaviours.' The alters will have 'executive control some substantial amount of time over the person's life'. He stresses, and I repeat his emphasis, 'Complex MPD with over 15 alter personalities and complicated amnesia barriers are associated with 100 percent frequency of childhood physical, sexual and emotional abuse.' Did I imagine the castle, the dungeon, the ritual orgies and violations? Did Lucy, Billy, Samuel, Eliza, Shirley and Kato make it all up? I went back to the industrial estate and found the castle. It was an old factory that had burned to the ground, but the charred ruins of the basement remained. I closed my eyes and could see the black candles, the dancing shadows, the inverted pentagram, the people chanting through hooded robes. I could see myself among other children being abused in ways that defy imagination. I have no doubt now that the cult of devil worshippers was nothing more than a ring of paedophiles, the satanic paraphernalia a cover for their true lusts: the innocent bodies of young children.
Sugar Ray Robinson, Sugar Ray|If you want to know if your kid is going to be fast, the best genetic test right now is a stopwatch. Take him to the playground and have him face the other kids.' Foster's point is that, despite the avant-garde allure of genetic testing, gauging speed indirectly is foolish and inaccurate compared with testing it directly - like measuring a man's height by dropping a ball from a roof and using the time it takes to hit him in the head to determine how tall he is. Why not just use a tape measure?
Richard Adams, Watership Down|Would that the dead were not dead! But there is grass that must be eaten, pellets that must be chewed, hraka that must be passed, holes that must be dug, sleep that must be slept.
George R. Stewart, Earth Abides|If there is a God who made us and we did wrong before His eyes—as George says—at least we did wrong only because we were as God made us, and I do not think that He should set traps. Oh, you should know better than George! Let us not bring all that back into the world again—the angry God, the mean God—the one who does not tell us the rules of the game, and then strikes us when we break them. Let us not bring Him back.
C. JoyBell C.|I think that positivity— real positivity— is like the butterflies. The whole essence of the butterfly: caterpillar, cocoon, winged creature. When I look at a butterfly, I not only see a winged beauty, but I also see a strong beauty! A mind that decided: "I'm going to become better, I'm not going to be afraid of the dark, I'm going to roll myself up in this thing that I am and I will come out winged and colourful." A butterfly can never become a butterfly unless the caterpillar realises that it needs to become one. This, to me, is true positivity. I don't like what others do— the way they paint on colours and tape on wings. I like what the caterpillars do. They truly BECOME.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|Sometimes we’re caught off guard and asked to do something we may not want to do, something outside our comfort zone—a favor, a challenge. We could be mocked or ridiculed. Or maybe we’ll doubt ourselves, but we can’t let fear rule. Sometimes in life, we have to dance.
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|As an experienced editor, I disapprove of flashbacks, foreshadowings, and tricksy devices; they belong in the 1980s with M.A.s in postmodernism and chaos theory.
William S. Burroughs|In science, as in art, and, as I believe, in every other sphere of human activity, there may be wisdom in a multitude of counsellors, but it is only in one or two of them.
Yves Behar|Design certainly has a cosmetic, aesthetic aim. It always aims at making things beautiful. But relevance is just as important. I often say, 'If it isn't ethical, it can't be beautiful. But if it isn't beautiful, it probably shouldn't be at all.'
James Morcan, The Orphan Factory|I bought a piece of God, ground to dust and mixed with alcohol in a glass bottle the colour of molasses.
Zongtrul Losang Tsöndru, Chöd in the Ganden Tradition: The Oral Instructions of Kyabje Zong Rinpoche|If we lack the proper antidotes of emptiness and bodhichitta, we will not be able to control our minds when frightening appearances manifest. It is considered a sign of progress in this practice if we go unconscious, and then, when we wake up, have forgotten our names and whose bodies we have! This is the ceasing of clinging to the body.
Brenda Sutton Rose|The guitar breathed. It inhaled and exhaled, and music filled the shop as the instrument picked the heartbreak of generations.
Samuel Johnson|Anyway, no drug, not even alcohol, causes the fundamental ills of society. If we're looking for the source of our troubles, we shouldn't test people for drugs, we should test them for stupidity, ignorance, greed and love of power.
Deborah Harkness, The Book of Life|If you truly love someone, you will cherish what they despise most about themselves" - Fernando Conclaves
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|As I read the Bible, I seem to find holiness to be [Christ’s] supreme attribute.
Confucius|As the biggest library if it is in disorder is not as useful as a small but well-arranged one, so you may accumulate a vast amount of knowledge but it will be of far less value than a much smaller amount if you have not thought it over for yourself.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|...I've discovered why you fascinate - you keep the mystery and as Carlyle noted, Wonder is the basis of worship...
Kyle Adams, Prize Package|First, I’m going to teach you how to Irish Whip someone.”“Oh, that sounds kinky. I want my safeword to be peaches,” I said, grinning.
Dennis L. McKiernan|Will they remember us, Aravan? Will Mankind remember us at all?" ... Mayhap, Gwylly, mayhap. Mayhap in their legends and their fables. Mayhap in naught but their dreams.
Andrea Speed, Infected: Bloodlines|Fortunately the City is vigilant. It too has its secret weapons. Since the summer it has released safety valves that form part of a wonderful mechanism, known only to itself. For the past three months we’ve noticed the most heartening appearance all over the place of eccentrics, more or less raving lunatics, cranks, and reinvigorating crackpots.
Mehmet Murat ildan|... On the whole, the best fortress you can have, is in not being hated by your subjects. If they hate you no fortress will save you...
Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra|It is strange the way the ignorant and inexperienced so often and so undeservedly succeed when the informed and the experienced fail. All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence, and then success is sure.
Pete Davidson|There is no roles. No one is keeping any roles. The drummer is also answering everybody and everything. So it is a constant conversation and communication between musicians on an extremely high level with extremely valuable material, motifs, and melodies.
Sarah Caldwell|❝Learn everything you can, anytime you can, from anyone you can; there will always come a time when you will be grateful you did.❞
Terry Brooks, Star Wars - Episode I: The Phantom Menace|Spending some time alone is a therapy that most of us don’t know how to practice. You need a little time alone every now and then to know what you are made of, to know and to do what you really like and to actually like yourself.
Chris Hedges, War Is a Force That Gives Us Meaning|Where else, but from the industrialized world, did the suicide hijackers learn that the huge explosions and death above a city skyline are a peculiar and effective form of communication? They have mastered the language.
J. Drew Lanham, The Home Place: Memoirs of a Colored Man's Love Affair with Nature|I don't expect everyone to feel the same way that I do about land. For so many of us, the scars are still too fresh. Fields of cotton stretching to the horizon - land worked, sweated, and suffered over for the profit of others - probably don't engender warm feelings among most black people. But the land, in spite of its history, still holds hope for making good on the promises we thought it could, especially if we can reconnect to it. The reparations lie not in what someone will give us, but in what we already own. The land can grow crops for us as well as it does for others. It can yield loblolly pine and white oak for us as it has for others. And it can nurture wildlife and the spirit for us, just like it has for others.
Goldwin Smith|I love Sutton House in Clapton, a beautiful example of Tudor architecture.
Anthony Marra, A Constellation of Vital Phenomena|Her mother stared in quiet awe of this more artful rearrangement of her genetic code, and slipped into a contentedness that usually appeared only after the red wine had fallen below the bottle label.
Marcia Clark|I've always said that at the end of the day, on a legal issue, I think a wise old woman and a wise old man are going to reach the same conclusion.
Djuna Barnes, Nightwood|If you are idle, be not solitary; if you are solitary be not idle.
John Berger, Keeping a Rendezvous|The poverty of our century is unlike that of any other. It is not, as poverty was before, the result of natural scarcity, but of a set of priorities imposed upon the rest of the world by the rich. Consequently, the modern poor are not pitied...but written off as trash. The twentieth-century consumer economy has produced the first culture for which as beggar is a reminder of nothing.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Destiny brought two souls, Jeremiah and Lailah Akita, to light the world with love.
Rosamunde Pilcher, The Shell Seekers|Sleep, my love," He whispered, smoothing her long hair, lifting the damp locks away from the back of her neck. "I'll be here to watch over you.""You sleep too," she said groggily, her hand creeping to the center of his chest."No." McKenna smiled and pressed a soft kiss against her temple. His voice was husky with wonder. "Not when staying awake is better than anything I could find in a dream.
Marc Andreessen|Whenever an individual or a business decides that success has been attained, progress stops.
Ronnie Musgrove|My glasses are from Cutler & Gross. They're not prescription: I just love wearing them. I used to wear Ray-Ban a lot and then I realised that a lot of the things I've started going for are a little bit more refined. I liked the fact that I was supporting a British brand, somebody I could have a relationship with and people that I could talk to.
Ann-Marie MacDonald, Fall on Your Knees|It's important to attend funerals. It is important to view the body, they say, and to see it committed to earth or fire because unless you do that, the loved one dies for you again and again.
Charlaine Harris, Definitely Dead|Cops, I've learned, are like vampires; they can't come in unless you invite them.
Brad Henry|Focused, hard work is the real key to success. Keep your eyes on the goal, and just keep taking the next step towards completing it. If you aren't sure which way to do something, do it both ways and see which works better.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The war that exists between you and God can be over quickly, and the peace treaty is signed in the blood of [God’s] Son Jesus Christ.
Andrew James Pritchard, Sukiyaki|Call it dating if you like, but I didn’t want her to be under the impression that it was anything serious. Not at that point in any case, it was more to be an experiment in human social relationships, one which might or might not lead to sex and or marriage.
Roger Morris|Politics means facing up to hard choices and facing down prejudice, short-termism, the easy, tempting court of knee-jerk public reaction.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Inferno|I wonder if I could take back every 'I love you' ever said to you, would I do it?
Tom Bouden, Max and Sven|If you put enough closets together, you have enough space for a room. If you put enough rooms together, you have enough space for a house. If you put enough houses together, you have space for a town, then a city, then a nation, then a world.
Shashi, Songs of the Mist|What is the point of finding the reason as long as you know that you are on the right path? And I have realized lately that the right path is the one where you feel happy within yourself, at ease within yourself. - The Monk (Pg-95)
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, The Sorrows of Young Werther|What is the destiny of man, but to fill up the measure of his sufferings, and to drink his allotted cup of bitterness?
Thomas Hardy, Under the Greenwood Tree|We tell ourselves stories in order to live. We live entirely by the impression of a narrative line upon disparate images, the shifting phantasmagoria, which is our actual experience.
Criss Jami, Healology|Silence might be a shout for the truth. It might be the speech that someday, in its truest, most uncontaminated, unadulterated state, all will be revealed.
Daniel Defoe|Diligent as one must be in learning, one must be as diligent in forgetting; otherwise the process is one of pedantry, not culture.
Jeff Lyons, Anatomy of a Premise Line: How to Master Premise and Story Development for Writing Success|Discourses, which are mostly wrapped in spurious religious and patriotic ideologies that ignite the enthusiasm of the ignorant masses
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you live at the same time as great contemporaries, you become a flower getting rain live.
Arthur Golden, Memoirs of a Geisha|Grief is a most peculiar thing; we’re so helpless in the face of it. It’s like a window that will simply open of its own accord. The room grows cold, and we can do nothing but shiver. But it opens a little less each time, and a little less; and one day we wonder what has become of it.
Terry Brooks, The Black Unicorn|There are many forms of magic in this world, High Lord. Some come in large packages, some in small. Some work with fire and strength of body and heard ... and some work with revelation.
Robert C. Merton|After serving in the Korean War, I actually started working towards a master's degree in finance.
B. F. Skinner|My great concern is not whether you have failed, but whether you are content with your failure.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|You left yesterday hoping to see tomorrow and you shall surely see today so far us you have life. Mind and man what is in today and make today the solid foundation for tomorrow. Focus on what tomorrow brings and let yesterday be yesterday. If there are lessons to learn from yesterday, don’t neglect them and don’t be crippled by the negativity of yesterday; only use them as the best panacea and antidote to the ‘had I knows’ of tomorrow you are yet to meet!
Jamie Iredell, I Was a Fat Drunk Catholic School Insomniac|I knew I wanted to make her come again, and again, and I still love it when she comes now that we’re married, because it feels good to make her feel good, because she is sweet, and she believes in me,
Ebine Yamaji, Love My Life|You cannot sodomize a Sacrament and expect God to say, 'Well done.
Thomas Perez|I wanted to be a pharmacist. I liked the way our local pharmacist was always dressed in a nice white coat; he looked very calm, you'd give him money, and he'd give you something that you wanted to buy.
Margaret Heffernan|This is the price you pay for having a great father. You get the wonder, the joy, the tender moments - and you get the tears at the end, too.
Susanna Fraser, A Dream Defiant|I am grateful, and would thank the Gods(if there were any to thank) that I have finally mastered this art of forgetting--of murdering the memory.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you rule the air, you are great; the waters, you are extraordinary; the lands, you are remarkable; but if you rule over yourself, you are remarkable.
Alain de Botton|Most people don't want to talk about politics and religion. They say, 'Let's talk about something else.'
Margaret Atwood, MaddAddam|I will survive: if the hell rejects me, there is always the paradise.
Dame Edna Everage|He was an awkward mixture of strong moral impulse and restless aesthetic curiosity, and yet he would have made a most ineffective reformer and a very indifferent artist. It seemed to him that the glow of happiness must be found either in action, of some immensely solid kind, on behalf of an idea, or in producing a masterpiece in one of the arts.
Anthony Liccione|What good were fate and fortune anyway? If there was some sort of plan she was supposed to follow, it was unreadable to her and impossible to stick to. She was tired of fate, which was probably just a made-up concept invented by humans to feel like something or someone was guiding them anyway. God, spirits, cookies, whatever. She was so sick of buying into the idea that there was actually meaning behind any of this. It was just her, blind and alone, making a mess of her life on her own, thank you very much.
Nelson Mandela|Today, we have two Vietnams, side by side, North and South, exchanging and working. We may not agree with all that North Vietnam is doing, but they are living in peace. I would look for a better human rights record for North Vietnam, but they are living side by side.
Josephine Winslow Johnson, Now in November|I have a lot more patience for others than I have for myself, and I am much better at bringing out the best in others than in myself. That's just the kind of person I am. I'm the scratchy stuff on the side of the matchbox.
L'Wren Scott|Computers tend to separate us from each other - Mum's on the laptop, Dad's on the iPad, teenagers are on Facebook, toddlers are on the DS, and so on.
