Biz Stone|Timing, perseverance, and ten years of trying will eventually make you look like an overnight success.
Gackt|Don’t be afraid of death; be afraid of an unlived life. Death is always at our side.When we show fear. it jumps at us faster than light, but if we do not show fear, it casts its eye upon us gently and then guides us into infinity…
Richie Norton|Companies preach creativity, hire for conformity and call consultants when they fail who tell them to be more creative.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|The key to success in any area of life is to first know and master the area of focus. Cures to disease have been found, since time immemorial, by studying how the body functions as well as how the disease affects the sick. Seek depth in knowledge and research.
Vironika Tugaleva|Who was I fooling, telling my heart to quiet its beautiful song so I could march in the parade of conformity? My biggest fool was me.
Baruch Spinoza|Those who know the true use of money, and regulate the measure of wealth according to their needs, live contented with few things.
Tessa Shaffer, Heaven Has No Regrets|Hershey Pennsylvania was self-proclaimed as the “Sweetest Place On Earth,” but less advertised than chocolate, it was also home to one of the state’s largest Children’s Hospitals. The streets lined with Hershey Kiss–shaped streetlamps that led excited children and families on vacation to chocolate tour rides and rollercoasters were the same exact streets that led anxious children and families to x-rays and MRIs on the worsts days of their lives. Chocolate was being created on the same street that childhood diseases were being diagnosed. And that was life. The sweetest of sensations and the deepest of devastations live next door to each other.
Chad Harbach, The Art of Fielding|The parents have a right to say that no teacher paid by their money shall rob their children of faith in God and send them back to their homes skeptical, or infidels, or agnostics, or atheists.
Marlon Hartley Lindsay|A deep love resides inside each of us. This love is independent of the desires, thoughts, and opinions, good or bad, which are readily offered to us. It is a love that is gentle and kind, accepting and nonjudgmental, playful and spontaneous, courageous and curious. It is always encouraging and always evolving. This love can be discovered only through turning off the noise around us, coming to ourselves in silence, meditation, and prayer. If we listen carefully we will hear the murmurs of our inner voice tell yearnings of our truest selves. What is available to us is a profound understanding, appreciation, and full acceptance of self, all of the good and all of the bad.Only when we truly know that we are able to tap into this part of ourselves can we begin to love others fully. Love for others is the manifestation of love for self. We cannot love another more than we love ourselves. Life is a mirror. If you want to know what love for yourself looks like, look at your love for others. If you want to know what your love for others look like, look at your love for self. When you love yourself this way, you love God this way. This relationship is the divine love triangle; self, God, and others in any order.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|You will never gain anyone's approval by begging for it. When you stand confident in your own worth, respect follows.
Leigh Hershkovich, Shattered Illusions|In the bare room under the old library on the hill in the town at the tip of the small peninsula on the cold island so far from everything else, I lived among strangers and birds.
David Bowker, The Death You Deserve: A Novel|Some writers, no matter how good they are, can't speak to us. Something about the way they see the world, I think, string sentences together, alienates us as surely as the ramblings of a madman on a bus.
Lia Habel, Dearly, Departed|Tom watched with his arms folded as the life that had been within Kobe died out, and the fire continued.
Tim Cahill|People don't understand that where I come from, everyone is either a convict, been in jail, been in a gang, is a hooligan of some sorts, but those are my brothers, my family and the people that I travel with. Those are the people that I roll with.
LaQuita Cameron|Being a writer is a gift, being an author is amazing, becoming a best seller is everyone's dream
Holly Black, The Coldest Girl in Coldtown|Better to leave him with the memory of their being a pair of monsters, wrapped in each other's arms.
Richelle E. Goodrich|A big wind came up and I hoped a storm would break the heat. But it just blew alot of dust around, and at sunset we had to bar doors and windows against mosquitoes. Itdidn’t do much for our comfort level, but—here’s where the Chemin takes you—we weregrateful. We were grateful because we had (albeit narrowly) escaped heatstroke; becausethe shelter, though unbelievably hot, was clean and quiet; and most of all, because it sleptsix but we had it to ourselves. No people to deal with at the end of your (and their)tether; no sodden bathrooms. No snoring. Pilgrim camaraderie was all very well, butsometimes it was too damn much.
Stanley Victor Paskavich|Mentally I can die, Emotionally I can cry, Physically I can sigh, Spirituality I can fly. If I just try.
Melina Marchetta|If you close your eyes, you get to control your own darkness.
Frank Herbert, Heretics of Dune|People always want something more than immediate joy or that deeper sense called happiness. This is one of the secrets by which we shape the fulfillment of our designs. The something more assumes amplified power with people who cannot give it a name or who (most often the case) do not even suspect its existence. Most people only react unconsciously to such hidden forces. Thus, we have only to call a calculated something more into existence, define it and give it shape, then people will follow.
Emma Donoghue, Slammerkin|For all the books in his possession, he still failed to read the stories written plain as day in the faces of the people around him.
Wil Wheaton, Just a Geek: Unflinchingly honest tales of the search for life, love, and fulfillment beyond the Starship Enterprise|A marriage, willy-nilly, requires you to trust that your spouse will tell your story truthfully and lovingly when you are no longer around to tell it yourself.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Our most intense joy comes not from personal feats, but from helping other persons achieve their goals. We become suppler human beings when we find true joy in witnessing other people’s successes and unabashedly share in their joyful accomplishments.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|I have hope for you, if only because you're the only one left to hope for.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|We must read, mediate and affirm the writings of Holy Scriptures, to partake in the divine nature and overcome the struggles of life.
Ami McKay, The Virgin Cure|For they might be parted for hundreds of years, she and Peter; she never wrote a letter and his were dry sticks; but suddenly it would come over her, If he were with me now what would he say? --some days, some sights bringing him back to her calmly, without the old bitterness; which perhaps was the reward of having cared for people; they came back in the middle of St. James's Park on a fine morning--indeed they did.
Ryan Lilly, #Networking is people looking for people looking for people|It ain't life that left you no choice, its honor!
Yogi Berra|Whether rich or poor, a home is not a home unless the roots of love are ever striking deeper through the crust of the earthly and the conventional, into the very realities of being, not consciously always; seldom, perhaps; the simplicity of loving grows by living simply near nature and God.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|In addition to being statistically unlikely, perfectly fulfilled expectations are boring. We assume that we, in our infinite wisdom, are capable of imagining the best, most optimal outcomes for ourselves. But as it turns out, unfettered reality and unexpected detours are often the very things that force us to come into our own.
Richard Dawkins|Of course in science there are things that are open to doubt and things need to be discussed. But among the things that science does know, evolution is about as certain as anything we know.
Carolyn Davidson|Reading words puts them in your mind. You never forget. Even when you don't get a chance to dwell on the music, you can hear it in your head.
Mohsin Hamid, Exit West|He prayed fundamentally as a gesture of love for what had gone and would go and could be loved in no other way. When he prayed he touched his parents, who could not otherwise be touched, and he touched a feeling that we are all children who lose our parents, all of us, every man and woman and boy and girl, and we too will all be lost by those who come after us and love us, and this loss unites humanity, unites every human being, the temporary nature of our being-ness, and our shared sorrow, the heartache we each carry and yet too often refuse to acknowledge in one another, and out of this Saeed felt it might be possible, in the face of death, to believe in humanity's potential for building a better world.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|Losses do that. One life-loss can infect the whole of a life. Like a rash that wears through our days, our sight becomes peppered with black voids. Now everywhere we look, we only see all that isn’t: holes, lack, deficiency.
Mignon McLaughlin|For a long while. Finally she says, I don't believe in love. Not sure it really exists, but even if it does for some people, it won't for me. She is serious. Then she lightens up. But, hey, if you think you love me, cool.
Brian Dennehy|Nobody wants to buy a $60,000 electric Civic. But people will pay $90,000 for an electric sports car.
Matthew Donnelly|The collective consciousness of the people we associate with on a daily basis has an influence on our consciousness. Which holds us back from our true potential. Even if we believe that we are fully aware of our thoughts, feelings and emotions. The bigger picture will only present itself as we continue to grow.
Ryan Holmes|Texting is a fundamentally sneaky form of communication, which we should despise, but it is such a boon we don't care. We are all sneaks now.
Cathy Burnham Martin, The Bimbo Has Brains: And Other Freaky Facts|We will remember the hurt, the injustice, and the trauma, but we can forgive the sinner.
Sonya Withrow|Time: no start no end, the most powerful force in nature, killing more people than 100 atomic bombs, generating thoughts & ideas. Devil&Good
Jonathon Fletcher|Yes, 1960’s North American sitcoms have led me to study the United States 1920’s and 1930’s crime bosses— QET Jenkins
Leviak B. Kelly, Religion: The Ultimate STD: Living a Spiritual Life without Dogmatics or Cultural Destruction|God's command to Noah that he could eat meat just as he could eat flora would be far more conducive and satisfying to the cat and other obligate carnivores. As a matter of fact the cat reading (yes, it presupposes reading in sentient and sapient cats) the human scripture might truly see the human God as correcting His mistake in the flood that he created in the Edenic account. If the cat saw the scripture as a human rendition of God, there might truly be a belief that the human God was finite and definitely having a more Luciferian nature towards cats.
Tanu Reshma B Singh|you are the builder of your future, the creator of your destiny. Therefore, do not swerve from the path of truth........
Cate Beauman, Hailey's Truth|In the end, it doesn’t matter, but I wanted you to know; I needed you to know because I read your text to Sarah. You told her I was everything you never thought you could have, and I’m telling you, you’re everything I never knew I wanted, but I’m so glad you’re here.
Chris Hadfield|With all due respect, the Mona Lisa is overrated.
Harrish Sairaman|If your eyes and mind can SEE IT, the body does not require external motivation to get motivated.
Julia Quinn, Because of Miss Bridgerton|It is impossible to know the whole depth of someone’s character from a single moment, but seeing how they respond to the unexpected is a great start.
Debasish Mridha|By giving away with kindness, you get it back with greatness.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|if you fight with all your might,  there is a chance of life; where as death is certain if you cling to your corner
Daphne Zuniga|I don't want to be one of those 40-something guys in L.A. still dating, still going out to clubs and chasing 21-year-olds. It's not a good look.
George Bernard Shaw, The Quintessence of Ibsenism|Knives are sharp, but are equally confusing.
Israelmore Ayivor|Never abbreviate your dreams. Only short-hand people always do that. Their punishment is that they can't stretch far, further and forward into the future. Dream only big dreams!
Jesse Ball, The Curfew|Not that believing such things has anything to do with whether they are true. You see that, don't you?
William Faulkner|Sometimes i think there must be a sort of pollen of ideas floating in the air, which fertilizes similarly minds here and there which have not had direct contact.
C.S. Lewis, The Silver Chair|Though under earth, and throneless now I beYet while I lived all earth was under me.
Peggy M. McAloon, Elle Burton and the Reflective Portals|The first trick to lying is to tell the truth as often as possible. If out start lying about everything, big and small, it becomes impossible to keep things straight and you'll get caught. Once suspicion is planted it becomes exponentially harder to sell the next lie.
Paulo Coelho, Veronika Decides to Die|Can I tell you something?" He tilted his head, moving in closer still, so close that she could feel his breath against her cheek. "Do you want to know what my grandma used to say about kisses on the forehead?"He pressed his lips to her brow, holding the silk soft kiss for a long moment while Isobel stood in place, unable to bring herself to shove him away."She told me it’s the kind of kiss we save for the dead.
Anthony Liccione|His was not the hatred that arises suddenly like a storm and as suddenly abates. It was, once the initial shock of anger and pain was over, a calculated thing that grew in a bloodless way.
Mark Haddon, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time|And it's best if you know a good thing is going to happen, like an eclipse or getting a microscope for Christmas. And it's bad if you know a bad thing is going to happen, like having a filling or going to France. But I think it is worst if you don't know whether it is a good thing or a bad thing which is going to happen.
Frank Warren|It's not God who doesn't care, it's us
Will Ferrell|The funny thing is that my husband couldn't be sweeter. He looks like this bad boy. He's got tattoos and earrings and a mohawk, but when you talk to him and he's around you, he's such a gentleman. He holds doors for ladies. He pulls out chairs. He cooks. He cleans.
Travis Luedke, The Nightlife San Antonio|You wouldn’t have anything to eat back there, would you? Vampire maintenance is fucking hungry work.
Peter Cameron, Someday This Pain Will Be Useful to You|And the boys were all clean, their faces freshly and brutally shaved, their hair painstakingly gelled into exquisite apparent carelessness, with this electric feeling inside of them, which matched the feelings in the girls, that they were all ascending, moving into a future that could only improve them, and I wondered what it was like - the miracle, the stupidity of feeling that.
Gary Zukav|If the Christian is a restorationist, a legalist, if he wants everything clear and safe, then he will find nothing. Tradition and memory of the past must help us to have the courage to open up new areas to God.
William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet|If you want more people to come to the theatre, don't put the prices at £50. You have to make theatre inclusive, and at the moment the prices are exclusive. Putting TV stars in plays just to get people in is wrong. You have to have the right people in the right parts. Stunt casting and being gimmicky does the theatre a great disservice. You have to lure people by getting them excited about a theatrical experience.
Lauren Kate|Fight for the only thing she knew was good enough, noble enough, powerful enough to be worth risking everything... Love.
Olivia Laing|That autumn, I kept coming back to Hopper’s images, drawn to them as if they were blueprints and I was a prisoner; as if they contained some vital clue about my state. Though I went with my eyes over dozens of rooms, I always returned to the same place: to the New York diner of Nighthawks, a painting that Joyce Carol Oates once described as “our most poignant, ceaselessly replicated romantic image of American loneliness”...Green shadows were falling in spikes and diamonds on the sidewalk. There is no colour in existence that so powerfully communicates urban alienation, the atomisation of human beings inside the edifices they create, as this noxious pallid green, which only came into being with the advent of electricity, and which is inextricably associated with the nocturnal city, the city of glass towers, of empty illuminated offices and neon signs.
Alfred North Whitehead|There are a lot of things that people go through, and maybe they don't know how to get through it, and maybe you do, and if you have some sort of knowledge or power, share with the world.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Green Gables|Do you know what I think Mayflowers are, Marilla? I think they must be the souls of the flowers that died last summer, and this is their heaven.
Al-Mas'udi, From the Meadows of Gold|It was at this time that backgammon was invented and began to be popular. It is a kind of paradigm of how wealth is acquired, which in this world is not the reward of intelligence or ability, just as luck is not a product of skill... If luck favours the player, he gets what he wants; if it doesn't, a skilled and prudent man cannot win that which fortune only bestows on whom it likes. It is thus that the good things of this world are apportioned by chance.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire|I see you are —”“Dumbledore’s man through and through,” said Harry. “That’s right.
Marcus Tullius Cicero|There are three classes of men; lovers of wisdom, lovers of honor, and lovers of gain.
John Edwards|All you will have is the present. Waste no energy crying over yesterday or dreaming of tomorrow. Nostalgia is fatiguing and destructive, it is the vice of the expatriate. You must put down roots as if they were forever, you must have a sense of permanence.
Ahmad Von Denffer, A Day with the Prophet|It is a meaningful thing for a scientist of the stature of Ibn Sina, certainly one of the best scientific minds in the whole history of mankind, to often resort to prayer to seek God's help in solving his philosophical and scientific problems. And it is also perfectly understandable why the purification of the soul is considered an integral part of the methodology of knowledge.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With self discipline, self study is possible.
Rudy Wiebe|Understand is not the word; you are right, you can never really 'understand' about someone, anyone, even yourself. It is best to believe in them as human; feel that they are alive like you and need warmth, concern.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If science can eliminate sleep, we will have more time to live and no time for the dreams. But living is superior to the dream because it is real!
Anna Kessel, Eat Sweat Play: How Sport Can Change Our Lives|The mainstream media perpetuates the notion that women should focus entirely on a static image of a perfect body as the end goal. There are no messages about the process, the active body, how it makes us feel in that moment.
Karina Halle, Into the Hollow|I feel like I’m a disappointment to mankind,” he remarked woefully as he placed the shirt through my arms and began to pull it down over my breasts. “Someone this gorgeous should be on display in a museum.
Arthur Miller, Salesman in Beijing|Question: Which Mediterranean government shares all of Ronald Reagan's views on international terrorism, the present danger of Soviet advance, the hypocrisy of the United Nations, the unreliability of Europe, the perfidy of the Third World and the need for nuclear defense policy? Question: Which Mediterranean government is Ronald Reagan trying, with the help of George Shultz and Caspar Weinberger, to replace with a government led by a party which professes socialism and which contains extreme leftists?If you answered 'the government of Israel' to both of the above, you know more about political and international irony than the President does.
Kumar Milan, Things End But Memories Last Forever|However, amidst the bouquets of laughter that people tried to gift me, there was that memory of yours, lips curled up in a fashion, which makes my heart skip a beat even now. And then the happiness felt incomplete, because I missed you, missed you everyday more than the previous day.
M. William Phelps, Bad Girls|Shocking, sad, revealing, and deeply researched, this true account of the life and crimes of serial killer Aileen Wuornos will fascinate true-crime fans.
Francois Fenelon|My mom, Irmelin, taught me the value of life. Her own life was saved by my grandmother during World War II.
Cinda Williams Chima, Shadowcaster|I declareThat later on,Even in an age unlike our own,Someone will remember who we are.
Michael Shaara, The Killer Angels|Perhaps it was only that when you try to put it into words you cannot express it truly, it never sounds as you dream it.
James Joyce|There is not past, no future; everything flows in an eternal present.
Langston Hughes|Hold fast to dreams, for if dreams die, life is a broken-winged bird that cannot fly.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|And as you come to know Him, you're becoming like Him. The more you are like Him, the more different you will be.
Coach Taylor|Marriage requires maturity. Marriage requires two people who, for the rest of their lives, are willing to listen, to really listen to each other. And that marriage requires the greatest of all things, compromise.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Not only persons lose their way, but nations lose their way as well!
Julius Evola, Men Among the Ruins: Post-War Reflections of a Radical Traditionalist|Honor, vengeance, that rigorous religion, those punctilicious codes of conduct - how to explain their existence here, at the end of the world, among people who possessed nothing but the rags and the lice they had on them?
Amit Kalantri|Not obedience or feelings or respect, there is only one thing which people take seriously at all time and its "money".
Helen Potrebenko, Taxi!: A Novel|Eddie and Jim both said it was a great thing the Russians were winning because the strongest team should win. Shannon thought the fascist philosophy was a very comfortable one. You simply cheered for the winner, who proved by virtue of winning that he should have won. No analysis, no doubts, no troubling moral questions.
Jerome K. Jerome, Three Men on the Bummel|I also think pronunciation of a foreign tongue could be better taught than by demanding from the pupil those internal acrobatic feats that are generally impossible and always useless. This is the sort of instruction one receives: 'Press your tonsils against the underside of your larynx. Then with the convex part of the septum curved upwards so as almost but not quite to touch the uvula try with the tip of your tongue to reach your thyroid. Take a deep breath and compress your glottis. Now without opening your lips say "Garoo".' And when you have done it they are not satisfied.
Peter Kreeft, How to Win the Culture War: A Christian Battle Plan for a Society in Crisis|Over a seven year span, only 10% of college slaying remained in place.
Steven Pinker|In Warsaw, you also remember that you are in a Communist-controlled country, though by all accounts the control is now humane and lenient, judged by what it was and what it is in other satellite countries. Still you do hear the incompetent echo in the tapped hotel telephone, you do notice that people look over their shoulders when talking in restaurants - the secret police are dormant but not forgotten; you feel in your bones, as you would a threatening change in the weather, every change in Russian mood or action. This is not and air we have ever breathed; I doubt if we would be strong enough to resist such a climate and stay as healthy in spirit as the Poles.
Kim Cormack, Enlightenment|She had always enjoyed the warm, calming feeling of the sand. It slipped as a silken scarf of liquid sunshine across the surface of her skin. Kayn took one hand and ran it over the surface of the sand, and it shifted as though it had been moved by a light breeze without her hand making contact. Her life now had no room for feet being firmly planted on the ground. She had to allow her mind to take off in flight and accept the impossible. She had to embrace life as a toddler. In a child's world, every breath of life is a mystery; everything had the possibility of being magic.
Helen Hayes|The biggest challenge, I think for any new artist, is patience.
Ray  White, Connecting Happiness and Success|You can argue with a thousand scholars but not with one fool who thinks he's correct and perfect all the time. It's just simple as a frog in the well thinks its dark, damp well is the whole universe. Secretly trying to imitate, but he knows he cannot change his mindset. He would point out your faults for self satisfaction. Just accept what they say and help them to live a long life!
John Suckling, The Poems of Sir John Suckling|I prithee send me back my heart,Since I cannot have thine;For if from yours you will not part,Why, then, shouldst thou have mine?Yet now I think on't, let it lie,To find it were in vain;For thou hast a thief in either eyeWould steal it back again.Why should two hearts in one breast lie,And yet not lodge together?O Love! where is thy sympathy,If thus our breasts thou sever?But love is such a mystery,I cannot find it out;For when I think I'm best resolved,I then am in most doubt.Then farewell care, and farewell woe;I will no longer pine;For I'll believe I have her heart,As much as she hath mine.
Wendy Werneth|What I like best about traveling is exploring new places, cultures, and cuisines, and learning to look at the world through a different lens. Travel really is the world’s best teacher. And actually, veganism offers the same thing. Becoming vegan completely changed my worldview and enabled me to connect with nature and with my fellow earthlings in a way I never had before. By combining travel with veganism, I’m able to view the world through a whole new window and experience places in a way that most other tourists don’t.
David Levien, City of the Sun|At the end, one didn't remember life as a whole but as just a string of moments.
Dia Reeves, Bleeding Violet|What the eyes don't see, the heart can't feel.
Shannon L. Alder|We live in a world that has so many people striving to look normal to a bunch of people that are abnormal, in order to be accepted. What is normal is realizing that being accepted comes at a price that robs the world of the uniqueness that God has created you to be every time you minimize your personality to make someone like you.
Rizi Dame C. Briz|To me, every cubic inch of space is a miracle.
Kevin Mitnick|With faster Internet and better computers, you'd better believe we're creating and consuming more digital data.
Paul Kearney, The Wolf in the Attic|It must be terrible to be old, when you love someone who died young. They never change in your mind, and every day you see yourself grow away from that person you were when you loved and knew them. Until you are more of a shadow than they are, and the girl you were is altogether gone, more dead even than that young man on the battlefield.
David Gemmell, Dark Moon|...and it strikes her, as she walks, that borders, like hatred, are exaggerated precisely because otherwise they would cease to exist altogether. 
Jenna Dewan|I cleaned up my act, and I made this rap thing work for me. I thought people would respect me for that. But instead, it's, 'Oh, he's sold all these records, and now he thinks he's all that.'
Val Uchendu|Cold feet under a warm blanket, steam over an empty mug--rain splatters on dry window pane--open journals of closed memories... tears of laughter and joy of pain... schmaltz of diametric morning.
Tana French, The Secret Place|Who who whose smell in the air of her room, whose fingerprints all over her friends’ secret places.
Annie Morecambe|If you truly love who you are, travel through this life with conviction, spread joy to others, embrace changes as they happen, then you will find balance in your life.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Your efforts extend like ripples on the ocean, much further than you know.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|Align your voice value with the tone, pace, and pitch of your listeners will help you connect on all levels.
John Patrick Hickey, Oops! Did I Really Post That|No matter who it is or what you think of them, never rejoice in the pain of others. It lowers you to a level you should not be at.
Geraldine Brooks, People of the Book|Book burnings. Always the forerunners. Heralds of the stake, the ovens, the mass graves.
Margaret George, Mary Queen of Scotland and The Isles|The most wicked criminals have God on their lips at all times, for God is the only one who can stomach them.
Baha'u'llah|In these days when science is clearly in the saddle and when our knowledge of disease is advancing at a breathless pace, we are apt to forget that not all can ride and that he also serves who waits and who applies what the horseman discovers.
Betty Friedan, The Feminine Mystique|Each suburban wife struggles with it alone. As she made the beds, shopped for groceries, matched slipcover material, ate peanut butter sandwiches with her children, chauffeured Cub Scouts and Brownies, lay beside her husband at night- she was afraid to ask even of herself the silent question-- 'Is this all?
Carrot Top|I've had two romances since moving to Las Vegas. One was with somebody 12 years older than me, and the other was the same age, and neither worked out. I know people still think of me as one of Hugh Hefner's girlfriends, and he of course was much older than me, but that was a whole different lifestyle and a different kind of dating.
Kevin Smith|AZRAEL:No pleasure, no rapture, no exquisite sin greater... than central air. 
Cassandra Clare, The Course of True Love [and First Dates]|She had a soul, and that meant she could be saved.
Jamie McGuire, Beautiful Disaster|I belong to my beloved, and my beloved is mine.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|With a few swift steps, Adrian stood in front of me again. The wall was only a couple inches behind me, and I had nowhere to go. He made no threatening moves, but he did clasp my hands and hold them to his chest while leaning down to me.“No, you will listen. For once, you’re going to hear something that doesn’t fit into your neat, compartmentalized world of order and logic and reason. Because this isn’t reasonable. If you’re terrified, believe me—this scares the hell out of me, too. You asked about Rose? I tried to be a better person for her—but it was to impress her, to get her to want me. But when I’m around you, I want to be better because… well, because it feels right. Because I want to. You make me want to become something greater than myself. I want to excel. You inspire me in every act, every word, every glance. I look at you, and you’re like… like light made into flesh. I said it on Halloween and meant every word: you are the most beautiful creature I have ever seen walking this earth. And you don’t even know it. You have no clue how beautiful you are or how brightly you shine.
G.K. Chesterton, Orthodoxy|God is The Reasonable One, therefore reason & faith are not antithetical" ~R. Alan Woods [2007]
Glenn Miller|Parikrma aims to give underprivileged children an equal chance at education so they can integrate with kids of private schools and, later, with the society. I want these children to hold high-end jobs at multinational companies and not work at the lower end of the spectrum.
Andrew Sean Greer, The Confessions of Max Tivoli|You tug and strain like a young horse when it's first tied up at the stake, whenever you are tied by your heartstrings.
Swami Dhyan Giten, Presence - Working from Within. The Psychology of Being|When we embrace the opposites within ourselves and understand that inner harmony arises when they mature, we find the love, joy, silence and freedom that are hidden in every moment. It is my experience that it is through the inner female side that we find the depth within ourselves – independent of if we are a man or a woman. It is through the female side that we find the inner source of love and truth. It is through the female side that we lit the light of our own consciousness. The more we learn to know the inner man and woman and the more we accept their different visions of life, the more a meeting happens between them that makes us happy and satisfied. Through embracing both these sides in ourselves, we realize that we really lack nothing – but that we already are love. When both the male and female side is capable of living in trust, a love begins to flow between them – a love that was always possible, but not realized. The inner woman is the meditative quality within ourselves. The inner woman is the source of love and truth. The inner woman is the capacity to surrender to life. It is through the inner woman that we are in contact with life. It is the inner woman that is the door to belongingness with the Whole.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|May you soar higher and higher, to uphold heavenly blessings.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Somewhere beneath the surface of this body, a fire, maybe even several fires, are burning. The flames within me are licking away the moisture, feeding on my blood so that my body resembles a land struck by drought. I no longer possess that fine solid sheet which used to conceal my veins and other inner parts as efficiently as anyone else’s skin.
JC Chasez|It's such a thrilling part about being in a relationship at a young age, and all your feelings are apocalyptic, all your emotions are so huge.
Steve Maraboli|What an odd creature you are, Bernard, with your constant fear of death! Do you never have a feeling, as I do, of utter futility? No? Doesn't it occur to you that the sort of life people like us lead is remarkably like death?
Michael  Grant, Plague|To all the women, and especially the young women, who put their faith in this campaign and in me, I want you to know that nothing has made me prouder than to be your champion. Now, I know we have still not shattered that highest and hardest glass ceiling, but some day someone will and hopefully sooner than we might think right now.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Personal dignity begins by accepting responsibility for our actions, acting humbly, and extending compassion to other people. Personal humility requires choosing living with quietness of the heart over living in the depths of animosity, despair, and discord.
Tim Vivian, Saint Macarius, The Spiritbearer: Coptic Texts Relating To Saint Macarius The Great|One day,” Dane snarled, “I’m going to put your nuts in a grinder and make a testicle salad sandwich.
Rachel Held Evans, Evolving in Monkey Town: How a Girl Who Knew All the Answers Learned to Ask the Questions|When you go through deep waters, I will be with you.
Zygmunt Bauman|One game, one pitch can change everything for a hitter. The way I like to approach it is that every at-bat is its own unique opportunity to go out there and do something really good.
Daniel Smith, Monkey Mind: A Memoir of Anxiety|Once in a while, he worries, but about what? Like the scattered clouds that drift over farmland in the afternoon, that sort of anxiety is what, ultimately?
Francis Ford Coppola|The moral values, ethical codes and laws that guide our choices in normal times are, if anything, even more important to help us navigate the confusing and disorienting time of a disaster.
Casey Renee Kiser, Darkness Plays Favorites|He comes.And he comesloadedwith noise pollution.If I ever prayed for anything,it was for a manto shut up.
Paul Davies|It's man's nature to abuse knowledge and power, be it in the realm of science, government, or Wall Street. Take God out of the picture, and you have real trouble.
Ally Carter, All Fall Down|Weekends welcome warriors for social fun that starts on Friday. Share, Like, comment, and friend. Netiquette
Jerry L. Ainsworth, Love & Health: Twelve Physical, Mental And Spiritual Ingredients Of Health|Love sustains us in our challenges, in our search for truth, in our quest for happiness.
Eileen Anglin|You are part of God's plan and if you stop yourself because you don't think you are not good enough, we lose your unique and needed contribution to the world. Your life was a gift, and what you do with it will be a gift to God.
Susan C. Young|Your ability to readapt in the face of change will instill confidence, improve agility, foster psychological safety, and make you more resilient in life and in business. Your re-adaptability will serve you well to thrive in most any situation or environment.
Aldous Huxley, Brave New World|A man can live and be healthy without killing animals for food; therefore, if he eats meat, he participates in taking animal life merely for the sake of his appetite. And to act so is immoral.
Hyrum W. Smith|We may understand again, therefore, from this picture, that God's purpose in the cross of Jesus Christ was two-fold: first that we might be forgiven, being saved from sin's penalty because Christ died for us, and secondly, that we might be delivered from sin's power, because this old sinful nature, called the flesh, died with Him.
Alan W. Watts, The Book on the Taboo Against Knowing Who You Are|We seldom realize, for example, that our most private thoughts and emotions are not actually our own. For we think in terms of languages and images which we did not invent, but which were given to us by our society. We copy emotional reactions from our parents, learning from them thatexcrement is supposed to have a disgusting smell and that vomiting is supposed to be an unpleasant sensation. The dread of death is also learned from their anxieties about sickness and from their attitudes to funerals and corpses. Our social environment has this power just because we do not exist apart from a society. Society is our extended mind and body. Yet the very society from which the individual is inseparable is using its whole irresistible force to persuade the individual that he is indeed separate! Society as we now know it is therefore playing a game with self-contradictory rules.
Rebecca K. O'Connor, Lift|You can't forge a relationship with learned helplessness, you can only force one and it will always be tenuous. There is always the possibility the peregrine will rediscover the strength of his heart.
Shelby Foote|Having leveled my palace, don't erect a hovel and complacently admire your own charity in giving me that for a home.
Caroline Hanson, Bewitching the Werewolf|He was under the mistaken impression that I didn't have enough tact.The truth was, I had no tact.
S.D. Hendrickson, The Mason List|The idea that a loss will get easier as time passes, is complete bullshit. It doesn’t get easier; you just learn to function while balancing the large burden on your shoulders.
Eden Ashe|Eden Ashe > Quotes > Quotable Quote(edit)“She shifted in his pocket, pressing her back against his chest. "It's iron."Instead of walking into the elevator, he glanced down at her. If he kept craning his neck this way, he was going to have a hell of a nasty headache by the time he made it home. Not to mention the looks he was getting from his taff for talking to himself, he was going to end up in a psych hold if this kept up....”"We're on the tenth floor. I'm not taking the damn stairs....""...I'm not talking to myself. I have a fairy in my pocket who's afraid of elevators.
Wolfi Landstreicher Individualism and Communism| "This compound should be available from most good drugstores." I got increasingly annoyed with this phrase because in the world I lived in, even ordinary soap was available only intermittently............In an economy that operated by central planning, shortages of just about everything were commonplace." the author dexcribing life in Hungary in the 1950s under Communist Russian rule.
Sanjay Kumar|Three years after starting, by physically doing everything from raising the finance to special effects, we'd finally cobbled together our low budget film.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Cheri Davis is a fun, energetic, positive, and beautiful friend. We both share a vibrant and positive energy which is a rare and wonderful quality. No matter what is going on in the world, we have a magic ability to energize each other and make the day better simply by speaking. She once said to me, “Susan, our low is most people's high.” Indeed. We will not always match the energies of others, and when theirs is lower than ours, that can be a very good thing!
Sarvesh Jain, The Journey of 101 Milestones|Ah! What have you done to yourself my love, asked he.Don't dare to ask! For its your absence that resulted in such despair, said she.Is there any way, I can end this pain and anguish, asked he.Yes, my dear! Seal my lips with no delay, said she with quivering voice.So as you please, my love, followed he.
Sanhita Baruah|It is not as much about who you used to be, as it is about who you choose to be.
Lawrence Clark Powell|Every civilization is a fruit from the sturdy tree of barbarism, and falls at the greatest distance from its trunk.
Jeff Lindsay, Darkly Dreaming Dexter|I don't know...just a feeling, like in..." Xander thought for a moment. "Star Wars. You know, when Han Solo says, 'I've got a bad feeling about this'?
D.H. Lawrence|Yes, I do believe in something. I believe in being warm-hearted. Ibelieve especially in being warm-hearted in love, in fucking with awarm heart. I believe if men could fuck with warm hearts, and the womentake it warm-heartedly, everything would come all right. It's all thiscold-hearted fucking that is death and idiocy.
Mercy Cortez, Never Ever After: Angel|I would do almost anything for him to kiss me; his possessive lips and eager tongue invading my mouth, even the thought sent tingles up my numb spine and lifeless body
Robert William Case, Daedalus Rising - The True Story of Icarus|Never give up hope. If you do, you'll be dead already.-- Dementia Patient Rose in The Inspired Caregiver
Mia Sheridan|Real friends, are really hard to come by.
Meghan Markle|I've always had a propensity for getting the cursive down pretty well. What it evolved into was my pseudo-waitressing job when I was auditioning. I didn't wait tables. I did calligraphy for the invitations for, like, Robin Thicke and Paula Patton's wedding.
Douglas Adams, The Salmon of Doubt|All opinions are not equal. Some are a very great deal more robust, sophisticated and well supported in logic and argument than others.
Robert D. Hales|You’ll never have control over other people's decisions, or what cards life deals you. Your power lies in the choosing of your response. That is the one thing you can control.
Okey Ndibe, Never Look an American in the Eye: A Memoir of Flying Turtles, Colonial Ghosts, and the Making of a Nigerian American|Americans can't stand any stranger looking them in the face. They take it as an insult. It's something they don't forgive. And every American carries a gun. If they catch you, a stranger, looking them in the face, they will shoot.
Robert E. Lee|Treat failure as a lesson on how not to approach achieving a goal, and then use that learning to improve your chances of success when you try again. Failure is only the end if you decide to stop.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Prince|And therefor," said Magnus "We must go." Will blinked at him. "Go where?""Don't worry about that right now, my love."Will blinked again. "Pardon?
Matt      Chandler|The net that catches me when I confront traumatic events is that 10,000 years from now, they will be a reason for rejoicing.
Martha Stewart|I think home has become my friends and family, wherever they are.
Greg Brenneman|Chefs think about what it's like to make food. Being a scientist in the kitchen is about asking why something works, and how it works.
Jonathan Price, Put That in Writing|Remember yourself. Deep inside, you have an observer, a constant neutral witness to your posture, gesture, facial expression, breathing, taste, impressions of light and sound. Don't leap to interpret. Just be there and observe.
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|I can only assume," said Jace, "that mortal emotions amuse you because you have none of your own.
Courtney Allison Moulton, Angelfire|Ellie, you need to understand," he said softly. "I exist only to serve you and fight by your side. Whether that fighting is to preserve your life or to make sure you smile, that is what I am built to do. You're all I have, and I will watch over you forever.
Robert Letham|THESE ARE THE REASONS, THEN, FOR WHICH A MAN CAN BE CONFIDENT ABOUT THE FATE OF HIS SOUL – AS LONG AS IN LIFE HE HAS…DEVOTED HIMSELF TO THE PLEASURES OF AQUIRING KNOWLEDGE …WITH SELF CONTROL, AND GOODNESS, AND COURAGE, AND LIBERALITY, AND TRUTH…”SOCRATES’ LAST WORDS IN PLATO’S PHAEDO
Aria Kane, Once Upon a Darkness|Have you ever wanted to smash a car? Or break a television? Or maybe burn a big fire in the middle of a city square? If the answer is yes, then you'd have some fun during a zombie infestation. It's the little moments, you know?
Winston S. Churchill|This is not the end, this is not even the beginning of the end, this is just perhaps the end of the beginning.
Carl Sagan|Says the Cardinal: "Freethought leads to Atheism, to the destruction of social and civil order, and to the overthrow of government." I accept the gentleman's statement; I credit him with much intellectual acumen for perceiving that which many freethinkers have failed to perceive: accepting it, I shall do my best to prove it, and then endeavor to show that this very iconoclastic principle is the salvation of the economic slave and the destruction of the economic tyrant....Hence the freethinker who recognizes the science of astronomy, the science of mathematics, and the equally positive and exact science of justice, is logically forced to the denial of supreme authority. For no human being who observes and reflects can admit a supreme tyrant and preserve his self-respect. No human mind can accept the dogma of divine despotism and the doctrine of eternal justice at the same time; they contradict each other, and it takes two brains to hold them. The cardinal is right: freethought does logically lead to atheism, if by atheism he means the denial of supreme authority.
Lisa Schroeder, Chasing Brooklyn|...before you, life was desolate - the past hardly worth remembering - and now, each moment a keepsake I can't throw away ...
Veronica Roth, Divergent|One ChoiceOne Choice, decided your friends.One Choice, defines your beliefs.One Choice, determines your loyalties - Forever.ONCE CHOICE CAN TRANSFORM YOU
Ilya Kaminsky, Dancing in Odessa|Author's PrayerIf I speak for the dead, I mustleave this animal of my body,I must write the same poem over and overfor the empty page is a white flag of their surrender.If I speak of them, I must walkon the edge of myself, I must live as a blind manwho runs through the rooms withouttouching the furniture.Yes, I live. I can cross the streets asking "What yearis it?"I can dance in my sleep and laughin front of the mirror.Even sleep is a prayer, Lord,I will praise your madness, andin a language not mine, speakof music that wakes us, musicin which we move. For whatever I sayis a kind of petition and the darkest daysmust I praise.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|What a mighty nation, we will be, if we encourage one another?
Andrea Cremer, Rise|What man would have courage enough to believe he could win you? Bosque laughed. "You exude power. Men are small creatures, easily cowed by those who challenge their sense of self-importance.
Jennifer Love Hewitt, The Day I Shot Cupid: Hello, My Name Is Jennifer Love Hewitt and I'm a Love-aholic|These questions of taste, of feeling, of inheritance, need no settlement. Everyone carries his own inch-rule of taste, and amuses himself by applying it, triumphantly, wherever he travels.
Clarence Day|I suppose I might insist on making issues of things. But that is not my nature, and I always bear in mind that my mission is to leave behind me the kind of impression that will make it easier for those who follow.
J.H. Pearce, Tales from a Gas-Lit Graveyard|A spring sun was shining on the rue St. Honore, as I ran down the church steps. On one corner stood a barrow full of yellow jonquils, pale violets from the Riviera, dark Russian violets, and white Roman hyacinths in a golden cloud of mimosa. The street was full of Sunday pleasure-seekers. I swung my cane and laughed with the rest. Someone overtook and passed me. He never turned, but there was the same deadly malignity in his white profile that there had been in his eyes. I watched him as long as I could see him. His lithe back expressed the same menace; every step that carried him away from me seemed to bear him on some errand connected with my destruction.I was creeping along, my feet almost refusing to move. There began to dawn in me a sense of responsibility for something long forgotten. It began to seem as if I deserved that which he threatened: it reached a long way back - a long, long way back. It had lain dormant all these. years: it was there though, and presently it would rise and confront me. But I would try to escape; and I stumbled as best I could into the rue de Rivioli, across the Place de la Concorde and on to the Quai. I looked with sick eyes upon the sun, shining through the white foam of the fountain, pouring over the backs of the dusky bronze river-gods, on the far-away Arc, a structure of amethyst mist, on the countless vistas of grey stems and bare branches faintly green. Then I saw him again coming down one of the chestnut alleys of the Cours la Reine.("In The Court of the Dragon")
Toni Sorenson, Aligned By Christ|When we take our doubts and questions to Christ, we get truthful answers. We get complete answers. We get the love, wisdom, and support we need.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|You can love a person dear to you with a human love, but an enemy can only be loved with divine love.
Levon  Peter Poe|I will sail upon a sea of light,My guide above and below the stars.My heart for you is in flightAnd I shall come to you in your arms this night
Ronda Rousey|You have the power inside of You. Do not be scared to wield it, for the battles You face give no allowances for your cute little sense of innocence and ignorance. They will overrun and vanquish You at the slightest chance they get. So, fight You must to stay up or be prepared to go down.Remember this though: With great power comes great responsibility and true power is wielded efficiently in time and with wisdom.
Jonah Lehrer, Imagine: How Creativity Works|The only way to maximize group creativity—to make the whole more than the sum of its parts—is to encourage a candid discussion of mistakes. In part, this is because the acceptance of error reduces cost. When you believe your flaws will be quickly corrected by the group, you're less worried about perfecting your contribution, which leads to a more candid conversation. We can only get it right when we talk about what we got wrong.
Pawan Mishra, Coinman: An Untold Conspiracy|But man is a frivolous and incongruous creature, and perhaps, like a chess player, loves the process of the game, not the end of it. And who knows (there is no saying with certainty), perhaps the only goal on earth to which mankind is striving lies in this incessant process of attaining, in other words, in life itself, and not in the thing to be attained, which must always be expressed as a formula, as positive as twice two makes four, and such positiveness is not life, gentlemen, but is the beginning of death. Anyway, man has always been afraid of this mathematical certainty, and I am afraid of it now. Granted that man does nothing but seek that mathematical certainty, he traverses oceans, sacrifices his life in the quest, but to succeed, really to find it, dreads, I assure you. He feels that when he has found it there will be nothing for him to look for. When workmen have finished their work they do at least receive their pay, they go to the tavern, then they are taken to the police-station–and there is occupation for a week. But where can man go? Anyway, one can observe a certain awkwardness about him when he has attained such objects. He loves the process of attaining, but does not quite like to have attained, and that, of course, is very absurd. In fact, man is a comical creature; there seems to be a kind of jest in it all. But yet mathematical certainty is after all, something insufferable. Twice two makes four seems to me simply a piece of insolence. Twice two makes four is a pert coxcomb who stands with arms akimbo barring your path and spitting. I admit that twice two makes four is an excellent thing, but if we are to give everything its due, twice two makes five is sometimes a very charming thing too.
Hermann Hesse|The Bluebird of Happiness long absent from his life, Ned is visited by the Chicken of Depression.
Nathaniel E. Quimada|With each passing day, it became more and more convinced that the greatest threat to Kashmair's Freedom struggle is Hurriyatization
Louis C. K.|Great men are like eagles, and build their nest on some lofty solitude.
Sergio Troncoso, Crossing Borders: Personal Essays|There's still too much energy leftover at this tomb-desk, on Broadway, when I am semi-asleep at night in our bedroom, struggling to get a good night's rest. There's an overflow of loin energy. It spills out from my pores as if I were a cracked drum of reacting chemicals. I need to work to expend this excess energy in words, stories and books....My mind is a body that's a mind.
K. Martin Beckner, A Million Doorways|Why do we as humans always tend to remember the worse things about people? We may know someone for many years, know them as vibrant and healthy, yet when they fall ill and pass away, we can only picture them at their sickest, as though they were born and lived their whole lives wearing a death mask.
Joe McKinney, Dead City|He held his head, and he cried for them, and he did not melt into the sea but sat, aching, in the glowing moonlight-for in the end our bodies know only how to carry on surviving.That is our strength, and our tragedy.
Nick Lane, Power, Sex, Suicide: Mitochondria and the Meaning of Life|People, as curious primates, dote on concrete objects that can be seen and fondled. God dwells among the details, not in the realm of pure generality. We must tackle and grasp the larger, encompassing themes of our universe, but we make our best approach through small curiosities that rivet our attention - all those pretty pebbles on the shoreline of knowledge. For the ocean of truth washes over the pebbles with every wave, and they rattle and clink with the most wondrous din.
Charlie Kaufman|Storytelling is inherently dangerous. Consider a traumatic event in your life. Think about how you experienced it. Now think about how you told it to someone a year later. Now think about how you told it for the hundredth time. It's not the same thing. Most people think perspective is a good thing: you can figure out characters' arcs, you can apply a moral, you can tell it with understanding and context. But this perspective is a misrepresentation: it's a reconstruction with meaning, and as such bears little resemblance to the event.
Dada Bhagwan|This ‘science’ is prem swaroop (embodiment of love). There is nothing else in love; nothing like anger-pride-deceit-greed are to be found in love. If they are present, till then, love will not be there.
Ben Aaronovitch, Foxglove Summer|Lucy saw the delighted expressions of the guests and knew they looked like something out an Austen movie. Well, at least Jem did. She giggled a little and cleared her throat.	“Something funny?” he murmured out of the corner of his mouth.	“Just thinking how you’re just like Captain Wentworth and I’m just like Tina Turner.
Elisabeth Elliot|Our vision is so limited we can hardly imagine a love that does not show itself in protection from suffering. The love of God is of a different nature altogether. It does not hate tragedy. It never denies reality. It stands in the very teeth of suffering. The love of God did not protect His own Son. The cross was the proof of His love – that He gave that Son, that He let Him go to Calvary’s cross, though “legions of angels” might have rescued Him. He will not necessarily protect us - not from anything it takes to make us like His Son. A lot of hammering and chiseling and purifying by fire will have to go into the process.
Drexel Deal, The Fight of My Life is Wrapped Up in My Father|School in itself is a microcosm of society. These kids bring a lot of baggage with them, and as teachers with 30 plus kids in your classroom you have to take the time to get to know them, and not just see them as people you have to teach. And if they want to learn they will learn, and if they don’t want too then too bad. But you have to see them as your surrogate children. Charles Chuck Mackey, former vice principal and coach of R. M. Bailey Pacers…
Sengcan, Hsin Hsin Ming|The Great Way is not difficult for those who have no preferences. When love and hate are both absent everything becomes clear and undisguised. Make the smallest distinction, however, and heaven and earth are set infinitely apart. If you wish to see the truth then hold no opinion for or against. The struggle of what one likes and what one dislikes is the disease of the mind.
Keri Hulme, The Bone People|The color has faded out of the sky. It is grey, becoming darker as the world turns herself round a little more. The clouds are long and black and ragged, like the wings of stormbattered dragons.
Emma Cline, The Girls|I was almost a wife but lost the man. I was almost recognisable as a friend. And then I wasn't. The nights when I flicked off the bedside lamp and found myself in the heedless, lonely dark. The times I thought, with a horrified twist, that none of this was a gift. Suzanne got the redemption that followed a conviction ... I got the snuffed-out story of the bystander, a fugitive without a crime, half hoping and half terrified that no one was ever coming for me.
Pastor Steve Bainbridge|What we need today is men who take a stand on the Word of God and stop trying to fit in or preach a socially acceptable gospel...We need men like Caleb, when they see the giants of Atheism, Political Correctness or other secular social pressures demanding the message of the bible be altered to fit in with their views declare “we will not shrink back – and we are well able to overcome it!
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, Disciples of Fortune|...only the dreamers of a dream are capable of translating their dreams into worthy practical endeavors that are devoid of haunting errors. After all, they are the ones who carefully observed the link between their dreams and reality; they are the ones who worked consciously to blend them into one.
George Oppen|Carol says we speak with one voice. What she doesn't say is that voice belongs to HER. There's only one song to sing these days--Carol's song--and if you aren't in harmony, you can stick a stone in your mouth and shut the hell up.
Toni Jordan, Addition|Haters and bullies are always cowards, you know. They like to pick on little guys.
Bruce Chatwin, In Patagonia|I climbed a path and from the top looked up-stream towards Chile. I could see the river, glinting and sliding through the bone-white cliffs with strips of emerald cultivation either side. Away from the cliffs was the desert. There was no sound but the wind, whirring through thorns and whistling through dead grass, and no other sign of life but a hawk, and a black beetle easing over white stones.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Friendship, like the immortality of the soul, is too good to be believed. When friendships are real, they are not glass threads or frost work but the solidest things we know.
Frank Wanderer|This is the ordinariness of the Present, without anything special, mystic or mysterious, it simply exists!! One should live through one’s life from moment to moment, and allow things happen the way they want to happen. Abandon yourself into the Present! Be consciously present in every moment!
Stephanie Landsem, The Thief|If you will study the history of Christ's ministry from Baptism to Ascension, you will discover that it is mostly made up of little words, little deeds, little prayers, little sympathies, adding themselves together in unwearied succession. The Gospel is full of divine attempts to help and heal, in the body, mind and heart, individual men. The completed beauty of Christ's life is only the added beauty of little inconspicuous acts of beauty -- talking with the woman at the well; going far up into the North country to talk with the Syrophenician woman; showing the young ruler the stealthy ambition laid away in his heart, that kept him out of the kingdom of Heaven; shedding a tear at the grave of Lazarus; teaching a little knot of followers how to pray; preaching the Gospel one Sunday afternoon to two disciples going out to Emmaus; kindling a fire and broiling fish, that His disciples might have a breakfast waiting for them when they came ashore after a night of fishing, cold, tired, discouraged. All of these things, you see, let us in so easily into the real quality and tone of God's interests, so specific, so narrowed down, so enlisted in what is small, so engrossed in what is minute.
Junot Díaz, The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao|Called her a whore and attacked her walls, tearing down her posters and throwing her books everywhere. I found out because some whitegirl ran up and said, Excuse me, but your stupid roommate is going insane, and I had to bolt upstairs and put him in a headlock.
Anne Rice, Memnoch the Devil|The atheism and nihilism of my earlier years now seems shallow, and even a bit cocky.
Eugene H. Peterson, Under the Unpredictable Plant an Exploration in Vocational Holiness|The problem is not a lack of churches, but a lack of true ministers, and believers that really are followers of Christ.
Veronica Rossi, Under the Never Sky|Few men speak humbly of humility, chastely of chastity, skeptically of skepticism.
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|Mary wished to say something very sensible, but knew not how.
Mark Driscoll, Real Marriage: The Truth About Sex, Friendship, and Life Together|Since you act as though God is dead, I wanted to join you in the mourning."The reply of Martin Luther's wife, in full funeral regalia, in trying to illustrate the folly of his depressed state.
Gore Vidal|I am saddened by how people treat one another and how we are so shut off from one another and how we judge one another, when the truth is, we are all one connected thing. We are all from the same exact molecules.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Just like you silly bums, I have a personal sky god. I bow to him, as you do to your airy-fairy sod. He prefers I call him Mr. NOT.
Trevante Rhodes|When we started making 'Where You Live', I bought a bunch of Polaroid cameras in so that people could record the experience. Some of those pictures are in the CD sleeve.
Brynn Myers, The Echoed Life of Jorja Graham|And... a bed. A bed and a blanket to cover them, a blanket that was theirs together.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Raven Boys|Fate," Blue replied, glowering at her mother, "is a very weighty word to throw around before breakfast.
Robert Jordan|All was shattered, and all but memory lost, and one memory above all others, of him who brought the Shadow and the Breaking of the World. And him they named Dragon.
Hussein of Jordan|See, the 'On the Road' that came out in 1957 was censored. A lot of the honesty of it, the bitter honesty, is in the original scroll version that came out in 2007 on the 50-year anniversary. Back then, there was so much post-Second World War fear that was imposed on everybody - 'You must live life this way' - and these guys were bored.
D'Angelo|A belief is purely an individual matter, and you cannot and must not organize it. If you do, it becomes dead, crystallized; it becomes a creed, a sect, a religion, to be imposed on others.
Corliss Lamont|It is easy to be independent when you've got money. But to be independent when you haven't got a thing, that's the Lord's test.
G.H. Hardy|The best mathematics is serious as well as beautiful—‘important’ if you like, but the word is very ambiguous, and ‘serious’ expresses what I mean much better
Andrew Carnegie|You will kill 10 of our men, and we will kill 1 of yours, and in the end it will be you who tire of it.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|Like your sweet, affectionate house cat, Alice Dahl is easy to underestimate. It’s not until the songbirds in the yard show up eviscerated on the front porch that you realize you should’ve kept that bell collar on her—because those poor birds never even saw her coming.
Sam Shepard|Once I am in the square circle, I am in my home.
Deyth Banger|Say whatever, plan whatever (I really don't care), but the action and the result is the important the other is theory.
Nancy E. Turner, Sarah's Quilt|The voice is deep and soft, not a sound so much as a feeling. It is storm and wind and leaves twisting in the night. It is roots sucking deep at the earth, and the pale, sightless creatures that live below the ground. But there’s something wrong with this voice, something diseased at its core.
John Keats, Ode on a Grecian Urn and Other Poems|Beauty is truth, truth beauty
H.W. Beecher (1813-1887)|The virtues of character, behavioural patterns determine how great a nation and people are.
Josh Gad|We don't tend to write about disease in fiction - not just teen novels but all American novels - because it doesn't fit in with our idea of the heroic romantic epic. There is room only for sacrifice, heroism, war, politics and family struggle.
Douglas A. Blackmon, Slavery by Another Name: The Re-Enslavement of Black Americans from the Civil War to World War II|When white Americans frankly peel back the layers of our commingled pasts, we are all marked by it. Whether a company or an individual, we are marred either by our connections to the specific crimes and injuries of our fathers and their fathers. Or we are tainted by the failures of our fathers to fulfill our national credos when their courage was most needed. We are formed in molds twisted by the gifts we received at the expense of others. It is not our “fault.” But it is undeniably our inheritance.
David Nicholls, One Day|Keep the change," he smiled. Was there ever a more empowering phrase than "Keep the change"?
Jonah Lehrer, Imagine: How Creativity Works|The great ages did not perhaps produce much more talent than ours,' [T.S.] Eliot wrote. 'But less talent was wasted.
Deyth Banger|There is a glitch in the Matrix ("Real World")… Illusions is one of them.
Bob Menendez|I guess my religious faith sustained me more than anything else. Family is also very important. If I didn't have children, it would have been too difficult. Even if you are strong, you still need people who would support you all the way.
Sue Monk Kidd|Because no matter what you say in life, the truth will always be the truth. You know when someone is telling the truth, you look in the eyes. I have a tendency to believe people.
Scott Stabile|Maybe you're holding on too tight, and the magic comes in letting go.
Alexander Freed, Twilight Company|Where military service begins, logic ends.
Mark Matteson, Freedom from Fear|First we form habits, then they form us.
Marcel Schwob|In every life there are events that reshape one's sense of existence. Afterward, all is different and the past is dimmed.
Dustin Johnson|While no Muslim worthy of his name would lose his respect for God, the Prophet Muhammad, and other symbols of Islam, he might well refrain from using legal prosecution or violent reaction to those who do not show the same respect. My basis for this claim is nothing other than the holiest source of Islam, the Quran.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, An Intimate Collision: Encounters with Life and Jesus|We must leave Christmas to be what it is, for to reduce it to the stuff of myth and whimsy is take the single and sole hope of a dying humanity and obliterate it. And I would contend that such an action is insanity of the greatest sort.
Hattie Ellis|The world moves fast, and so do the bees. Can we find the stillness to see them?
Victor Robert Lee, Performance Anomalies|Most men overestimate themselves. It’s the only way they can reproduce. It’s why we’re all here, us humans. Overestimation.
Osunsakin Adewale|If you do not have enemies on your way to the top, you are already a celebrated failure.
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|Here's to the kids who are different,The kids who don't always get A's,The kids who have ears twice the size of their peers,And noses that go on for days...Here's to the kids who are different,The kids they call crazy or dumb,The kids who don't fit, with the guts and the grit,Who dance to a different drum...Here's to the kids who are different,The kids with the mischievous streak,For when they have grown, as history's shown,It's their difference that makes them unique!
R. Y.S. Perez, I Hope You Fall in Love: Poetry Collection|Sleeping with books is a vicious affair, I do not believe it will ever stop.
Lori Stanley Roeleveld, Jesus and the Beanstalk: Overcoming Your Giants and Living a Fruitful Life|The blessing we receive for following Jesus comes also with persecutions, which, if we have faith to accept them, can also be a blessing.
Georg Christoph Lichtenberg|Many are less fortunate than you’ may not be a roof to live under, but it will serve to retire beneath in the event of a shower.
Abdul'Rauf Hashmi|The room was full with voices, loud music and beautiful people milling about everywhere. But all I noticed was her; beautiful, elegant and sitting alone in a quiet corner trying to remain unseen, to blend in, to become invisible, as if she actually thought such a thing was possible.
Brittany Burgunder|If our eyes could see everything, every man would see his own faults.
Rajen Jani, Once Upon A Time: 100 Management Stories|Leaders rule hearts, not people.
Shaun Jeffrey, The Kult|We fit, you and I,” he whispered looking into that haunting gaze. “Two broken pieces making a whole.
Brandon Boyd|I learned from a very young age that if I persued the things that truly excited me, that they would reward in more important ways, like happiness.
Wendell Berry, The Long-Legged House|We have lived our lives by the assumption that what was good for us would be good for the world. We have been wrong. We must change our lives so that it will be possible to live by the contrary assumption, that what is good for the world will be good for us. And that requires that we make the effort to know the world and learn what is good for it.
Simon Schama|Learn to invest in investments where you can achieve an honest, legal advantage over other investors. When it comes to investing, why play on a level field?
Richard Castle|You are my king. You could command me to stop seeing her."Niall turned his gaze to Irial. "What would yo
C.S. Lewis, Till We Have Faces|She made beauty all round her. When she trod on mud, the mud was beautiful; when she ran in the rain, the rain was silver. When she picked up a toad - she had the strangest and, I thought, unchanciest love for all manner of brutes - the toad became beautiful.
LK Hunsaker|If you feel unwanted or unappreciated where you are or by those you're with, it only means you're in the wrong place or with the wrong people. Hang in there. Someone else will see you for the true gift you are.
Jim Cooper|I decided to start a medical training program for freelancers, only freelancers. They're the ones who are doing most of the combat reporting. They're taking most of the risks. They're absorbing most of the casualties. And they're the most underserved and under-resourced of everyone in the entire news business.
Debbie Reynolds|If you're strutting around Beverly Hills and hitting up these big industry parties every night when you're not making movies, then it's going to eventually consume you. But for me, I live most of my life in Boston. I do things no different from the way my buddies back home do them, except when I go to work, I go to a film set.
Evelyn Waugh|I knew it all, the whole drab compass of marital disillusion; we had been through it together, the Army and I, from the first importunate courtship until now, when nothing remained to us except the chill bonds of law and duty and custom. I had played every scene in the domestic tragedy, had found the early tiffs become more frequent, the tears less affecting, the reconciliations less sweet, tell they engendered a mood of aloofness and cool criticism, and the growing conviction that it was not myself but the loved one who was at fault. I caught the false notes in her voice and learned to listen for them apprehensively; I recognized the blank, resentful stare of incomprehension in her eyes, and the selfish, hard set of the corners of her mouth. I learned her, as one must learn a woman one has kept house with, day in, day out, for three and a half years; I learned her slatternly ways, the routine and mechanism of her charm, her jealousy and self-seeking, and her nervous trick with the fingers when she was lying. She was stripped of all enchantment now and I knew her for an uncongenial stranger to whom I had bound myself indissolubly in a moment of folly.
Jael McHenry, The Kitchen Daughter|I find the title How to Be Good. Curious, I open it up. I'm disappointed to find it's fiction.
Christopher Hitchens, Hitch-22: A Memoir|Hardest of all, as one becomes older, is to accept that sapient remarks can be drawn from the most unwelcome or seemingly improbable sources, and that the apparently more trustworthy sources can lead one astray.
Richard Llewellyn, How Green Was My Valley|Want is always hungry and searching whereas contentment is steady, calm and receiving.
Michelle Moran, Rebel Queen|Pain moves us forward, changing us into something else, something we need to be.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|Satan," he said, "couldn't undo anything God had done. She could at least try to make existence for His little toys less painful. She could see what He couldn't: To be alive was to be either bored or scared stiff. So she filled an apple with all sorts of ideas that might at least relieve the boredom, such as rules for games with cards and dice, and how to fuck, and recipes for beer and wine and whiskey, and pictures of different plants that were smokeable, and so on. And instructions on how to make music and sing and dance real crazy, real sexy. And how to spout blasphemy when they stubbed their toes."Satan had a serpent give Eve the apple. Eve took a bite and handed it to Adam. Hee took a bite, and then they fucked.
C. JoyBell C.|It is only when you accept how different you all are, that you will be able to see how much the same you all are. Don't expect anybody to be the same as you, then you will see that you are in many ways the same as everybody.
Compton Gage|Thy heart had gone too far in this world, and think thou to comprehend the way of the most High?
Jess Walter|Here for business or pleasure, Mr. Wheeler?""Redemption," Shane says.
Umberto Eco|Since I became a novelist I have discovered that I am biased. Either I think a new novel is worse than mine and I don’t like it, or I suspect it is better than my novels and I don’t like it.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Faust - Part One|Often, the greater our ignorance about something, the greater our resistance to change.
Sarah J. Maas, Heir of Fire|Other people cannot see what I see whenever I look into your father's face, for behind your father's face as it is today are all those other faces which were his.
Chris Crutcher|Talking with Elaine like that, with no judgment from her or anything, seemed to bring my feelings more to the surface so I could look at them. I love times like that; you don't get many of them.(Walker, in STOTAN!)
Vikrmn, 10 Golden Steps of Life|A person who plays the game knowing he will win, doesn’t impress me as much as the person who plays the game even though he knows that he might lose.
Samuel Adams|In a democracy, the well-being, individuality and happiness of every citizen is important for the overall prosperity, peace and happiness of the nation.
Max Lucado, Just Like Jesus|God rewards those who seek Him. Not those who seek doctrine of religion or systems or creeds. Many settle for these lesser passions, but the reward goes to those who settle for nothing less than Jesus himself. And what is the reward? What awaits those who seek Jesus? Nothing short of the heart of Jesus.
Christine Feehan, Dark Desire|And he laughs. Not the heavy laughter from before. It’s a great laugh. A deep laugh. One that makes my lips lift. Isaiah, the guy who an hour ago carried himself like a jungle predator, now has the content aura of a lazy cat bathing in the sun.
Joshua Stannard|Were people to mingle only with those of like mind, every man would be an insulate being." Thomas Jefferson
Amy Poehler, Yes Please|I do a weird thing when I am nervous where I tilt my head back like I am super confident. This is my attempt to fake it until I make it, or at the very least make it easier for someone to slit my throat.
Robert Brady|The world has been experiencing a whole pattern of auto-destruction, whether in environmental disasters like Chernobyl or health disasters like AIDS.
Darrell Drake|If the years have taught me one thing it's that those who care are always scarce. Those who genuinely care; not the acquaintances, false friends or those with similar aspirations. The few who seek your company, the souls who would plainly step off the world for you. Once you resolve to ignore them, only regret will follow.
Marisa de los Santos, Belong to Me|His mother?" Gracie couldn't believe it. Suzy Denton looked much too young to be his mother. And much too respectable. "But you're not a-" She cut herself off in mid-sentence as she realized what she'd almost let slip.Suzy's wedding ring clicked against the steering wheel as she gave it a hard smack. "I'm going to kill him! He's been telling that hooker story again, hasn't he?
Joan Rivers, Enter Talking|Maybe that is why in my comedy I try and puncture the hypocrisy all around us, why it is almost a crusade with me to strip life down to what really is true.
Curt Rude|Live in your dreams, not your past.
Nikki Rowe|I sat and asked God a question, never before now had I felt he was truly listening; Or was it i, that disrupted his appearance... Why God, must the treasures of our world be hard done by and the enemies of life become greater in their scheme of manipulation? Oh dear one, I chose the strong ones to hand the deepest lessons, because I know they can handle it and soon enough they will too. The ones that twiddle their thumbs and become ignorant to what's their truth; will attract what they are and continue in the circle of vicious greed. They'll eventually grow, like you did too. It may just take time, and your time now is bettering your existence from the struggle you've faced.
Oliver|Awkward conversations. They’re the heart of the drug trade. The driving force that keeps criminals out of jail is paranoia. You can think you know people, but the truth is, you never know who they’re talking to. The life of an outlaw: Around every corner lies a cop. In every basement waits a bust. Every friend is the guy who sells you out to keep his own ass out of jail. Sure, it was rare, but you just never knew.The result was a series of shorthand and euphemisms so obscure even the pros often weren’t sure what they were talking about. Sales became pickups. Pot, ganja, bud, or weed became lettuce, green, happy, herb, smoke... the list went on, and changed from dealer to dealer.
Sebastian Junger|No one teaches you how to think about money in medical school or residency. Yet, from the moment you start practicing, you must think about it. You must consider what is covered for a patient and what is not.
Joan Lowery Nixon, The Haunting|Vision, even for a dragon, is woefully unreliable. What you can see with great clarity may not be real; what you cannot see may be the ultimate reality.
Tom Brokaw|I don't like to do much with my hair - which is good, because I don't know how! I just always make sure I have a great haircut.
Alexander von Humboldt|If we do not know the character of being itself - I have never seen anyone suggest that we do know it - then there is an inevitable superficiality in any claim to an exhaustive description of anything that participates in being. And the assertion of the existence, or the nonexistence, of God is the ultimate exhaustive description.
Aditya Ajmera|Remaining aware of awareness, witnessing it thru every experience within without one, is the way and the goal both...Be Happy and keep smiling...
Duane Michals|I tend to think of the act of photographing, generally speaking, as an adventure. My favorite thing is to go where I’ve never been.
Lars Onsager|People had an idea of what R&B artists or pop artists usually say, which was like, 'Talk about sex, talk about partying, and be positive; don't be too much of a downer.'
Jonathan Safran Foer|Isn’t it so weird how the number of dead people is increasing even though the earth stays the same size, so that one day there isn’t going to be room to bury anyone anymore? For my ninth birthday last year, Grandma gave me a subscription to National Geographic, which she calls “the National Geographic.” She also gave me a white blazer, because I only wear white clothes, and it’s too big to wear so it will last me a long time. She also gave me Grandpa’s camera, which I loved for two reasons. I asked why he didn’t take it with him when he left her. She said, “Maybe he wanted you to have it.” I said, “But I was negative-thirty years old.” She said, “Still.” Anyway, the fascinating thing was that I read in National Geographic that there are more people alive now than have died in all of human history. In other words, if everyone wanted to play Hamlet at once, they couldn’t, because there aren’t enough skulls!
Markus Zusak, Underdog|Darkly, deeply, beautifully blue - the sky
Michelle M. Pillow, Love Potions|Lydia had been fantasizing about him to the point she nearly drove him insane with it. It had taken four days for his energy to weaken inside her enough that he could go and visit her without fear she would throw him across the town in a gust of wind, and thus cause a scene. Although, getting run out of town after one day would be a new MacGregor record.
Elena Ferrante, The Story of a New Name|As a result of subduing the forces of nature with the tools that we invent, we find ourselves today at the point where the force of our tools has become a greater concern than the forces of nature.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|I know I should have been grateful because it was a very nice thing to do. But I wasn't grateful. I wasn't grateful at all. Don't get me wrong. I acted like I was. But I wasn't. To tell you the truth, I was starting to get mad.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|And on a cold Sunday afternoon, he was joined in his home by a small group of friends and family for a 'living funeral'. Each of them spoke and paid tribute.. Some cried. Some laughed. One woman read a poem: 'My dear and loving cousin.. Your ageless heart as you ,love through time, layer on layer, tender sequoia..' .. And all the heartfelt things we never get to say to those we love, Morrie said that day.
Ashim Shanker, Don't Forget to Breathe|At one moment, his eyes sparkled in the light and in the next they were enshrouded in shadow. What connected those bands of light and dark? Could they indeed have been distinct entities?
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Man got into difficulty when he lifted his will against God’s. He gets out of trouble when he bows to the divine superiority, when he repents and says humbly: “God be merciful to me a sinner.” Man’s extremity then becomes God’s opportunity.
Jennifer Megan Varnadore|If these is right from the beginnig up to the end like in books "Don't touch this book", this is really sign your contract for jail. How I'm different??I just watch, read and do stuff which most people even all don't read.... I do stuff which are rare for some people...
Matt Padwick, Transpose - a self-styled revolution|The gospel, then, is not a message about the salvation of individuals from the world, but news about a world transfigured, right down to its basic structures.
Michael M. Rose|Love always precedes repentance. Divine love is a catalyst for our turning, our healing. Where fear & threat may gain our compliance, love captures our heart. It changes the heavy burden of the "have-to's" of imposed obedience to the "get-to's", a joyful response to the genuine love of God. It is in the security of this love we find Sabbath (rest).
Elbert Guillory|We have to convince people that the handouts – just taking a few little handouts, where you have a subsistent living, where you never grow, just get a little check and a few food stamps, it will keep you on the plantation for the rest of your life, that’s not a life. That’s not living. It is not good enough. It is not acceptable. We have to educate our people that that is no longer good. You have to get off the plantation, off the government plantation,
Edward M. Hallowell, Dare to Forgive: The Power of Letting Go & Moving on|When we forgive, the slave we free is ourselves.
Nikki Rowe|You wonder why he loves her, she's so unlike any other, but any man can love an ordinary woman. They’re everywhere and whereas he’s had other women love him before, they were women who loved a lot, and such love is fickle, never setting anyone apart.Attaining the love of someone known not to love is an honor and the highest level of love there is, because it’s rare, and real.
Pete Wentz|Yes, I prosecute bastards like him, make them pay for what they did to innocent victims who can’t fight for themselves. And every time I win a case, I not only win for the victim, but also for me.
Barbra Streisand|Art does not exist only to entertain -- but also to challenge one to think, to provoke, even to disturb, in a constant search for the truth.
Amanda Dubin, Last Stop, Earth|When we were monkeys, we were more human because we were at least not destroying the nature those days!
Marilynne Robinson, Gilead|My reputation is largely the creature of the kindly imaginings of my flock, whom I chose not to disillusion, in part because the truth had the kind of pathos in it that would bring on sympathy in its least bearable forms.
Ada Lovelace|I hated science in high school. Technology? Engineering? Math? Why would I ever need this? Little did I realize that music was also about science, technology, engineering and mathematics, all rolled into one.
Georges Rodenbach, The Bells of Bruges|Can there be anything more sad than a girl dying on the day of her first communion, in her new dress. A little bride of death...
Marianne Moore, Complete Poems|Poetry...... a place for the genuine,Hands that can grasp, eyesthat can dilate, hair that can rise
A.O. Esther, Elveszett lelkek|I was now blinded by a flood of light, but when I realised how many countless numbers of angels were imprisoned in Bardo’s dismal prison, it took my breath away. “Gabriel!” I shouted to my leader with all my might, but he gave no sign of hearing me. “Gabriel!” I said, trying again, and it seemed that the handsome face reacted just a little. At that moment, a band of goblins reached the hall with a terrible ruckus. I had to flee. I grabbed the chains binding Gabriel and cried one last time . “Gabriel!” …the angel’s emerald green eyes looked up. He gazed deep into my eyes, . “Please forgive me,” I whispered. My chest felt like it would burst with pain from the guilt burning inside me. “I swear I’ll atone for my sin and get you out of here!” . Gabriel gave no reply, but just looked at me sadly. I would have been less tortured if he had screamed at me or come at me, but he simply let me sink into my guilt.
Chris Brown|I was a sickly baby, and after two sets of adoptive parents took me home, they returned me to the orphanage because of a serious respiratory infection. But as they say, the third time's a charm, because my mom and dad adopted me and took me into their home where I was raised in a family full of love.
Kathy Magliato, Healing Hearts: A Memoir of a Female Heart Surgeon|I think that is the very definition of a family: a group of individuals, bound by the essence of love, who share a life together and yet maintain their unique individuality.
William McKinley|The more profoundly we study this wonderful book [the Bible], and the more closely we observe its divine precept, the better citizens we will become and the higher will be our destiny as a nation.
Vironika Tugaleva|Loving yourself isn't just about celebrating your accomplishments and nurturing your talents. Those things are nice, sure. But that's not how we know others love us. We know others love us when they see us with our face on the ground, crying and weak, feeling like we've got nothing to offer the world—and they smile, and they reach out, and they love us anyway. Loving yourself is what you do when you fail, when you don't know, when you screw up, when you forget, when you lose everything. Loving yourself is what you do when you can't approve of what you've done. Loving yourself is what you do when you're not sure if it's going to get better. Loving yourself is what you must do in those moments when you can't like yourself. Real love is when you reach out for no good reason at all, except to love.
Edward Abbey, Postcards from Ed: Dispatches and Salvos from an American Iconoclast|I am hopeful, though not full of hope, and the only reason I don't believe in happy endings is because I don't believe in endings.
Dean Koontz, Brother Odd|So," said the Russian, after regaining is composure, "the lesson of the model is that the universe——all its matter and forms of energy——arise out of thought.
Debasish Mridha|In the deep dark silence, my mind dances with the moonlight and feels the joy of this precious ephemeral life.
Geneen Roth, Women, Food and God: An Unexpected Path to Almost Everything|Your body is the piece of the universe you've been given; as long as you have a pulse, it presents you with an ongoing shower of immediate sensate experiences.
Ken Wytsma, Pursuing Justice: The Call to Live and Die for Bigger Things|Learning to change the world is rarely easy or convenient--it can be complex, costly, and messy.
Wally Lamb, She's Come Undone|You know what 'Dolores' means? It's Latin, means sadness. Our Lady of Sorrow. Why are you so sad?
Julien Gracq|Blood had long since ceased to beat from one end to the other, but one could sense, from passages marked with fresher traces of wheels and hooves, that once the meaning and even the very idea of a long journey was lost, sleep had not descended over it in one fell swoop: it had continued to steal a march here and there, in a discontinuous way, and over short distances, like a laborer who feels his cart jolt on a section of Roman road that crosses his field...
Steven Johnson|I was amazed by how much you have to think about as a director. As an actor, you don't have to think about much at all, as it turns out. It's very easy. And then when you step into the director's role, there's this whole universe of stuff that you have to pay attention to that's amazing to me.
Walter Pater|I can hold a cup of sake on a full moon in Japan, and the reflection of the moon in that little cup can make me feel so enthusiastic about beauty. That one good, magical moment can give me enough to create other things like the teardrop earring or necklace.
John Chrysostom|He almost said to himself that he did not like her, before their conversation ended; he tried so hard to compensate himself for the mortified feeling, that while he looked upon her with an admiration he could not repress, she looked at him with proud indifference, taking him, he thought, for what, in his irritation, he told himself - was a great fellow, with not a grace or a refinement about him.
Nancy Barr, Page One: Vanished|The name Mary Jo Quinn was written neatly in faded blue marker on the front of the scrapbook, its gray edges frayed with age and wear, as though it had been handled often. Such a memento was a strange thing to find in a used bookstore, especially when one considered its contents. I’d discovered the handmade tome buried on the bottom shelf on the back wall of a little musty-smelling shop in the tiny resort town of Copper Harbor. This picturesque community is the gateway to Isle Royale National Park, an island in the western quarter of Lake Superior that beckoned to hikers, kayakers and canoers. Copper Harbor is the northern-most bastion of civilization in Michigan on a crooked finger of land called the Keweenaw Peninsula. Its remote, pristine shoreline provided an excellent respite from a hellacious year for my best friend from high school and me on a late September weekend.
Nicolette Day, No Strings Attached|one captain, seizing the line-knife from his broken prow, had dashed at the whale, as an Arkansas duelist at his foe, blindly seeking with a six-inch blade to reach the fathom-deep life of the whale. That captain was Ahab.
Iain M. Banks, The Hydrogen Sonata|It seemed perverse to some, but for all their apparent militarism the Gzilt had remained peaceful over many millenia; it was the avowedly peaceful Culture that had , within living memory, taken part in an all-out galactic war against another civilisation.
Victoria Aveyard|How have everything started???Just two humans man and woman make so many people on the planet??? That's impossible, it can't happe, it's something else..... SO what you are saying Adam has fucked Eve day and night??? ANd how have they take care for so many kids???... What if the planet is flat and nasa and all other stuff are lieing???
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|If his choice now was to risk either sunshine with a chance of rain or heatstroke with a chance of tornado, he’d go with the sunshine.
Kat Howard, Roses and Rot|If you die fighting, I want to die fighting with you.
Maria Semple|I think, in storytelling, people want to see triumph, and so it's usually nice to start with failure and see someone somehow rise above it. People like to see people try. And they like to see people fail for comedy, and they like to see people succeed for the drama and emotion.
Arin Murphy-Hiscock, Out of the Broom Closet: 50 True Stories of Witches Who Found and Embraced the Craft|I believe the higher power in the universe is compassionate, understanding, and all-knowing, and that there is nothing you can do that will change His love for you. I believe God’s love for you is infinite and absolute, and your value as an irreplaceable, unique, one-of-a-kind, divine soul is infinite and absolute too, because it is based in God’s love for you. Does this make sense to you, the way it does to me? I believe this is truth. I believe your value is not on the line; that your value is literally absolute and unchangeable. You have the same infinite value no matter what you do or don’t do. I believe you are a perfect and divine creation and as such your value is secure forever, no matter how many mistakes (driven by fear and misconception) you make down here. I believe God understands that your mistakes are part of your learning process. Mistakes teach you beautiful and important lessons. It makes no sense to condemn you for being lost, confused, scared and stupid down here, when for the most part we all are. We are doing the best we can with what we know, but we don’t know enough and are no where close to perfect. I believe God wants you to keep learning and growing, but that He loves you and accepts you as you are right now.
Sarah Dessen, Just Listen|Like a word on a page that you’ve printed and read a million times, that suddenly looks strange or wrong, foreign. And you feel scared for a second, like you’ve lost something, even if you’re not sure what it is.
Amy Winehouse|I'm not trying to be new school and I'm not old school - I'm classic. There's a lot of new cars and there's a lot of old cars, but I'm just classic in doing what I do.
Jamie Le Fay, Escape|The flower of the ginger is superb and regal, but if we focus on nurturing the ginger plant to bloom we are unable to harvest its root. Enjoying the exquisite beauty of the plant will prevent us from unlocking its true potential—the nutrients secretly stored beyond the reach of the sun. Why care about trivial matters such as external beauty? What matters lies beneath the surface. What a waste! She is much more beautiful on the inside where she has so much more to give to the world.
W.B. Yeats, The Celtic Twilight: Faerie and Folklore|What is literature but the expression of moods by the vehicle of symbol and incident? And are there not moods which need heaven, hell, purgatory, and faeryland for their expression, no less than this dilapidated earth? Nay, are there not moods which shall find no expression unless there be men who dare to mix heaven, hell, purgatory, and faeryland together, or even to set the heads of beasts to the bodies of men, or to thrust the souls of men into the heart of rocks? Let us go forth, the tellers of tales, and seize whatever prey the heart long for, and have no fear. Everything exists, everything is true, and the earth is only a little dust under our feet." (A Teller of Tales)
Kristen Henderson|Time’s relativity is considered and abandoned, for the more revelatory experiences of starlightin strands, and pearly floors that span as far as absolute compassion...
George Harrison|I don't like business talkers, you know, people who are constantly like, 'Blah blah blah movies.' I find it incredibly boring.
Angie  Smith, Mended: Pieces of a Life Made Whole|People who are dependent are merely using alcohol as a crutch to get through the day. Yet doctors and scientists are still treating "alcoholism" as if it is the problem, when it has nothing to do with the problem. They might as well be studying "scratchism" for people who have a chronic itch.
David Guterson, The Other|What is Above is Within ... the Circumference is Winthin, Without is formed the Selfish Center, and the Circumference still expands going forward to Eternity.
Joakim Zander, The Swimmer|Never stand in the way of letting God use people’s actions, in order to solve a greater issue in the world.
Jack Gilbert, Collected Poems|Once she said the world was an astonishing animal: light was its spirit and noise was its mind. That it was composed to feed on honor, but did not.
David Brooks|It's good to remember…So you know you need to do now,So you know that you ain't got forever just right now,Good to remember death man.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Look at the Birdie: Unpublished Short Fiction|We are at an impasse...There will come a time, when we can no longer safely approach any Muslim (or radicalised liberal), since we simply cannot trust that they won't lash out with the intent to kill. 
Shannon L. Alder|Who you are is why you choose poorly, or fail to choose wisely.
Toni Servillo|Since 1957, black people have experienced double-digit unemployment - in good times and bad times. Look at the population of African Americans in prison. They represent more than half the population of prisoners in the country, 55 percent of those on death row.
Hotta Kiichi, 君と僕。 1|Just because he's good at something, doesn't necessarily mean he likes doing it.->> Azuma-sensei, (Kimi to Boku, #1)
Noel DeJesus, 44 Days of Leadership|The road to success is full of pit stops, pitfalls, and self pity; my advice is simply don’t stop!
Malcolm X|If someone decides they're not going to be happy, it's not your problem. You don't have to spend your time and energy trying to cheer up someone who has already decided to stay in a bad mood. Believe it or not, you can actually hurt people by playing into their self-pity.
Wilkie Collins, The Woman in White|No sensible man ever engages, unprepared, in a fencing match of words with a woman.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|Beneath hot sun, desert roses bloomed. Under cold moon, I still refused to.
Rick Yancey, The 5th Wave|It kills me. The way he trusted. LIke the way we trusted before they came and blue the whole goddamned world apart. Trusted that when it got dark there would be light. Trusted that when you wanted a fucking strawberry Frappuccino you could plop your ass in the car, drive down the streed, and get yourself a fucking strawberry Frappuccino!
J. Budziszewski, Commentary on Thomas Aquinas's Treatise on Law|Everything in this world is primarily a matter of morals, and only very much later one of politics.
Cristin Harber, Winters Heat|Erik got to his feet, aware of her watching him, and tried not to preen at the frank admiration in her eyes. Preening was not manly.
C. JoyBell C.|My friends, don't idolize hardship. What you idolize is what your heart will look for and what your heart looks for is what you will have. And don't capitalize on misfortune, because you will always seek out to have capital! Throw away that pride! Don't put sorrow on a pedestal! If you ask me if I would rather have had my sorrows or not, I will tell you that no, I would rather have not had any of them! In the blink of an eye, I would rid myself of them! I have no pride. I don't rely on hardships and sorrows to mold me into someone. I don't allow myself to be dictated. When hardship and sorrow come knocking, saying "We are responsible for who you are today, let us in!" I'm going to say, in a split second, "No you're not! Go away, I don't owe you anything!
Beth Michele, Love Love|Wildflowers burst from the ground in vivid blues and whites and violets, creating a picture more pleasing than anything her hands could design. She didn't understand how it was possible, but Evan had been right. The abundance of snow had produced an abundance of wildflowers. More than she's ever seen before. Somehow, those cold, lifeless winter months had prepared the land for something breathtaking. Something beautiful. Something brimming with life.
Jolene Perry|When you have a hard day or when I see you slipping backward, I'm desperate to stop it, to make you see how amazing you are, to help you know that you have so much to look forward to. The things that happened to you won't haunt you forever.""But I'll remember them forever." I know there's no forgetting and I'm still not sure what to do with that. He sucks in a breath. "But they'll hurt less."I don't have to look at him to know there are tears on his face.
Keri Arthur, Tempting Evil|SPIDER: I guess you’ve got a point.	RAYNIEDAY: No, I’ve got a stake, LOL.
Oliver Bowden, Assassin's Creed: The Secret Crusade|What is the truth?’ he asked. ‘We place faith in ourselves,’ replied Altaïr (...) ‘We see the world as it really is, and hope that one day all mankind might see the same.’‘What is the world, then?’‘An illusion,’ replied Altaïr. ‘One we can either submit to – as most do – or transcend.’‘And what is it to transcend?’'To recognize that laws arise not from divinity, but reason. I understand now that our Creed does not command us to be free.’ And suddenly he really did understand. ‘It commands us to be wise
Laura   Davis, The Courage to Heal Workbook: A Guide for Women Survivors of Child Sexual Abuse|Although healing brings a better life, it also threatens to permanently alter life as you’ve known it. Your relationships, your position in the world, even your sense of identity may change. Coping patterns that have served you for a lifetime will be called into question. When you make the commitment to heal, you risk losing much of what is familiar. As a result one part of you may want to heal while another resists change.
Rose George|If we don't preserve the natural resources, you aren't going to have a sustainable society. This is not something for Chez Panisse and the elite of San Francisco. It's for everyone.
Gabrielle Giffords, Gabby: A Story of Courage and Hope|...I’ve discovered that if you want to reach yourtrue potential, it’s much more effective to ignite a new passion forlife than to dwell on past problems.
Tare Munzara|Those that dream, those that have been dreaming, one day you shall ascend to your place of destiny.Possibilities are limitless even if you face harsh and gloomy moments. Uplift your spirit , hope and works to greater heights and you shall sit on top of unknown heights looking down at the bottom. Do not deprive your self to succeed.
Ethan Hawke, Rules for a Knight|The President was in seventh heaven when he heard himself being teased like this; he strutted about and thrust his chest out; never did a man of the robe stick out his neck so far, not even one who has just hanged a man.
RuPaul|Fine arts education in public schools is really abysmal. The same emphasis should be put on music, theater, dance - anything creative - that's put on math and science.
James Gleick|My college friends call me Karu, which is the worst. Only in our country can we make a short form for a short name. But otherwise, I've never had a pet name all my life. But now, in official meetings, someone will call me KJo. And I'll judge that person in my head. Just call me Karan.
K.M. Shea, Beauty and the Beast|I might not yet be falling in love, but I might be flirting with the promise of love, the idea of love, the making of a place in my heart for love, though it may have been more a wish than a promise.
Anaïs Nin|And silence. She liked the silence most of all. The silence in which the body, senses, the instincts, are more alert, more powerful, more sensitized, live a more richly perfumed and intoxication life, instead of transmuting into thoughts, words, into exquisite abstractions, mathematics of emotion in place of violent impact, the volcanic eruptions of fever, lust and delight.
Manal Al-Sharif, Daring to Drive: A Saudi Woman’s Awakening|I was lonely, desperate, and angry. At that moment, I truly understood what it meant to be a Saudi woman. It meant being confronted with every possible kind ofobstacle and discrimination. It meant being told that if you want to race with men, you’d have to do it with your hands and legs cut off. I started to wish I had been born somewhere—anywhere—else.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I graciously survived depression, mental-illness and attempt of suicide.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I am thankful that to be attuned to the needs of another attunes us to the world, and that if I stay attuned only to my needs I will always be a stranger to the world.
A.D. Posey|When a writer's heart is filled with the music of her soul, her words sing.
Anna Gavalda, Hunting and Gathering|Eventually, we come to love certain novels because we have expended so much imaginative labor on them. This is why we hang on to those novels, whose pages are creased and dog-eared.
Deanne Stillman, Joshua Tree: Desolation Tango|The desert doesn't care who you are, and neither does anyone or anything who lives in it.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|When beginning a conversation, ask the other person, “Do you have time to speak right now?” If they say no, you can say, “I have some valuable information to share with you. What time would work best for you?
T. S. Eliot|How wild it was, to let it be.
Scott Cawthon|It doesn't matter how many years go by, how grown-up we think we are, how much we presume we have changed or evolved, when we are back in our childhood homes, we become exactly who we have always been.
Tracey-anne McCartney|When I lost you...my world darkened beyond any known shade of black, and the only light that I have seen since is you...
Leonardo da Vinci|Painting is poetry that is seen rather than felt, and poetry is painting that is felt rather than seen.
Anaïs Nin, In Favor of the Sensitive Man and Other Essays|...And Brick and I say in unison, “As long as I’m here.”This is a guy thing.You never want to acknowledge that you and another guy had exactly the same thought in exactly the same words and that you spoke them aloud . . .at exactly the same time. If you’re out on a date and this happens, this is a good thing. It’s evidence that you and your date think alike, you’re in sync, possibly even soul mates, and with some luck, you might get laid. When this occurs with two guys, it’s simply freaky and should go by as if it never happened.
Nabil N. Jamal|You don't want to be here... neither and there... what you are going to see here is the truth after so much books, series, movies... the truth is going to have feet, legs... foot... and even a body and arms and head....
R. Alan Woods, The Journey Is the Destination: A Book of Quotes With Commentaries|It was, she had to admit, some kind of wonderful to be kissed so deliciously by the only mand who had dared play with her cat with the intention of winning.
Nora Roberts|Our people once were warriors. But unlike you, Jake, they were people with mana, pride; people with spirit. If my spirit can survive living with you for eighteen years, then I can survive anything.
Kathy Shuker, Silent Faces, Painted Ghosts|So oft it chances in particular menThat for some vicious mole of nature inthem—As in their birth (wherein they are not guilty,Since nature cannot choose his origin),By the o'ergrowth of some complexion,Oft breaking down the pales and forts ofreason,Or by some habit that too much o'erleavensThe form of plausive manners—that thesemen,Carrying, I say, the stamp of one defect,Being nature’s livery or fortune’s star,Their virtues else (be they as pure as grace,As infinite as man may undergo)Shall in the general censure take corruptionFrom that particular fault. The dram of evilDoth all the noble substance of a doubtTo his own scandal.
Stephen King, Joyland|Kumiko and I would visit their home and have dinner with them twice a month with mechanical regularity. This was a truly loathsome experience, situated at the precise midpoint between a meaningless mortification of the flesh and brutal torture. Throughout the meal, I had the sense that their dining room table was as long as a railway station. They would be eating and talking about something way down at the other end, and I was too far away for them to see. This went on for a year, until Kumiko's father and I had a violent argument, after which we never saw each other again. The relief this gave me bordered on ecstasy. Nothing so consumes a person as meaningless exertion.
|Whatever it is that isn't uplifting or educating your mind, surely doesn't deserve a moment of shelter in it.
Louise Penny, Bury Your Dead|Because sometimes when someone is telling you something really important, it’s best to just let there be silence, to really think about what they’re saying. A lot of times people think they have to say something all insightful or wise or something to try and make the person feel better. But really, sometimes silence is best.
Rosie Alison, The Very Thought of You|Of all the many people we meet in a lifetime,it is strange that so many of us find ourselves in thrall to one particular person. Once that face is seen,an involuntary heartache sets in for which there is no cure. All the wonder of this world finds shape in that one person and thereafter there is no reprieve, because this kind of love does not end,or not until death.
Howard Gardner|The earliest maps were 'story' maps. Cartographers were artists who mingled knowledge with supposition, memory and fears. Their maps described both landscape and the events, which had taken place within it, enabling travellers to plot a route as well as to experience a story.
Michael  Grant, Plague|So asking you to take a moonlit walk with me, that would totally not work?""What?" Again that glare. "Go away. Stop being an idiot. I don't even know you.""You're healing my little brother Bowie.""Yeah, that doesn't make us friends, kid.""So no moonlight.""Are you retarded?""Sunrise? I could get up early.""Go away.""Sunset tomorrow?" -Sanjit & Lana
Rosalyn D'Mello, A Handbook for My Lover|I feel the ground slipping under my feet, and just as I am about to fall off the precipice, you draw out a rope and pull me into the safety net of your embrace. That's the thing - I can never trust you to rescue me, and yet you do. Unfailingly.
J.R.    Miller|-	A mother, a real mother with a little child, thinks day and night about the welfare of the little one in her arms. A mother knows what dangers the child will have to encounter as he grows up. She does not let the father reassure her when he makes light of things and says that the children have to find their own way.A mother worries, for she carries the burden, and she often sees much deeper than the father just where the child is in danger.
Jonathan Goldstein, Ladies and Gentlemen, the Bible!|Slowly, Rupert Greeves raised his head. His eyelids fluttered and the corner of his mouth twitched up. 'What,' he asked the world, 'can you do to erase my laughter?
Matthew Sanford, Waking: A Memoir of Trauma and Transcendence|It was all written. When life is going to be breathed into you, and when it's going to be taken away. Each person's mission on earth is pre-planned.
Simona Panova, Nightmarish Sacrifice|I always am in a role, lovely – for you, for them – even for myself. Yeah... Even when I’m alone, I am still in a role – and I myself am the most exacting audience I have ever had.
Moon Unit Zappa|Living in L.A., everyone likes to mold you and change you. I don't care about fame, I don't care about being a celebrity. I know that's part of the job, but I don't feed into anyone's idea of who I should be.
Monica Johnson|At sixty, I know little more about wisdom than I did at thirty, but I know a great deal more about folly.
Maurice Maeterlinck, The Treasure of the humble|A superior atmosphere exists, in which we all know each other; and there is a mysterious truth – deeper far than the material truth - to which we at once have recourse, when we try to form a conception of a stranger. Have we not all experienced these things, which take place in the impenetrable regions of almost astral humanity?
Anaïs Nin, The Diary of Anaïs Nin, Vol. 4: 1944-1947|When we blindly adopt a religion, a political system, a literary dogma, we become automatons.
Swami Vivekananda, The Complete Works of Swami Vivekananda: v. 3|Stuff comes and stuff goes and the only thing that matters in the end is who you are inside, what you do and what make it leaves in the world.
Kay Whitley, Out Loud: A collection of spoken word poetry|But love doesn’t control, and I suppose that’s why it’s the ultimate risk. In the end, we have to hope the person we’re giving our heart to won’t break it, and be willing to forgive them when they do, even as they will forgive us. Real love stories don’t have dictators, they have participants. Love is an ever-changing, complicated, choose-your-own adventure narrative that offers the world but guarantees nothing. When you climb a mountain or sail an ocean, you’re rewarded for staying in control. Perhaps that’s another reason true intimacy is so frightening. It’s the one thing we all want, and must give up control to get.
Michael  Jackson|Hope is such a beautiful word, but it often seems very fragile. Life is still being needlessly hurt and destroyed.
Tim Gunn, Tim Gunn's Fashion Bible: The Fascinating History of Everything in Your Closet|Whether they come from Brooks Brothers or a thrift store, the sweaters we wear have a magnificent ancestry. Their history spans the worlds of Irish fishermen, French knights, World War I soldiers, busty Hollywood 'sweater girls,' and the television saint Mr. Rogers. That history lives in each garment. By being aware of it, we can better appreciate what we have.
Philip K. Dick, A Scanner Darkly|Most whites do not have a racial identity, but they would do well to understand what race means for others. They should also ponder the consequences of being the only group for whom such an identity is forbidden and who are permitted no aspirations as a group.
Barry Diller|We're losing track of the vastness of the potential for computer science. We really have to revive the beautiful intellectual joy of it, as opposed to the business potential.
Edgar Degas|Art is vice. You don't wed it, you rape it.
Anne Lamott, Bird by Bird: Some Instructions on Writing and Life|Writing and reading decrease our sense of isolation. They deepen and widen and expand our sense of life: they feed the soul. When writers make us shake our heads with the exactness of their prose and their truths, and even make us laugh about ourselves or life, our buoyancy is restored. We are given a shot at dancing with, or at least clapping along with, the absurdity of life, instead of being squashed by it over and over again. It's like singing on a boat during a terrible storm at sea. You can't stop the raging storm, but singing can change the hearts and spirits of the people who are together on that ship.
Robert M. Gates|After a while, she murmurs, "What does it mean... what is it to be American?" The question stuns him. That he doesn't know how to answer stuns him more. Or maybe he doesn't know the answer. Maybe certainty is impossible. We're only as real as what we do and what is done to us in the moment; knowing comes much later, if it comes at all. We're jostled by too many acts that we choose to forget.
Lori Pollan, The Pollan Family Table: The Best Recipes and Kitchen Wisdom for Delicious, Healthy Family Meals|He had to be nice to me at the moment because he had to be surrounded by people. This was because boys like him were, essentially, pasta. Everyone thought they loved him because they had never been forced to experience the true blandness of him on his own.
Mark F. LaMoure|Everything big, once started little. Most famous people started just where you are at now. Catapult yourself to success. Practice self-discipline. Work to develop excellent skills and abilities. Learn to be polite and diplomatic. Doing this, helps insure you grow big at what you want for success.
Kohta Hirano|I ground my teeth. "Just when I thought I was getting a handle on this whole Dark One/demon lord/imp thing, you go and throw knockers into the mix. I'm going to have to request that you stop, Adrian. I'm about at my limit of how many impossible things I can believe before breakfast."He flashed a heart-stoppingly roguish grin at me, his dimples just about bringing me to my knees. "Your middle name wouldn't be Alice, would it?" he asked."No, it's Diane, and you're no White Rabbit, so let's just stop pretending we're in Wonderland, OK?"He laughed and pointed across the tiny square at our destination. I watched him for a moment, seeing a glimpse of the charming, charismatic man he must have been before the demon lord cursed him and leeched away all the softer emotions.
Leigh Bardugo, Six of Crows|She tilted her head back, breathing deeply. It was a stone gray day, the sea a bleak slate broken up by whitecaps, the sky pleated with thick ripples of cloud. A hard wind filled the sails, carrying the little boat over the waves. 'It feels good to be this kind of cold,' she murmured. 'This kind?''Wind in your hair, sea spray on your skin. The cold of the living.
Alain de Botton, The Architecture of Happiness|Sophie has a gift," she said. "She has the Sight. She can see what others do not. In her old life she often wondered if she was mad. Now she knows that she is not mad but special.There, she was only a parlor maid, who would likely have lost her position once her looks had faded. Now she is a valued member of our household, a gifted girl with much to contribute.
Anita Moorjani, Dying to Be Me: My Journey from Cancer, to Near Death, to True Healing|I detach myself from preconceived outcomes and trust that all is well. Being myself allows the wholeness of my unique magnificience to draw me in those directions most beneficial to me and to all others. This is really the only thing I have to do. And within that framework, everything that is truly mine comes into my life effortlessly, in the most magical and unexpected ways imaginable, demonstrating every day the power and love of who I truly am.
Jonathan Bailey|What we did yesterday, Can be changed today to make tomorrow different.. PAST / PRESENT / FUTUREPrecious Present Moments Light Our Path
Anonymous, The Arabian Nights|My story is of such marvel that if it were written with a needle on the corner of an eye, it would yet serve as a lesson to those who seek wisdom.
Fredrik Backman, My Grandmother Asked Me to Tell You She's Sorry|In the beginning the queen had been a courageous and fair-minded princess very much liked by all, but unfortunately she grew up and became a frightened adult, as adults tend to be. She started loving efficiency and avoiding conflict. As adults do.
Howard Tayler, Resident Mad Scientist|Are you done briefing the company yet?""We, um... Haven't gotten through the introductions yet.""Allow me: Time-traveling Kevyn Andreyasn, this is the mercenary company "Tagon's Toughs.""Company, this is the time-traveling Kevyn Andreyasn, who will have become your captain thirty-two hours from now, as of seven weeks ago.Now, quick. Let's go save the galaxy while they're confused.
Ann Simko, The Center of the Storm|That was the beauty of Family, Dakota decided, you knew what it took to make them bleed. The magic was in choosing not too.
Frank Tuttle|The young man, who does not know the future, sees life as a kind of epic adventure, an Odyssey through strange seas and unknown islands, where he will test and prove his powers, and thereby discover his immortality. The man of middle years, who has lived the future that he once dreamed, sees life as a tragedy; for he has learned that his power, however great, will not prevail against those forces of accident and nature to which he gives the names of gods, and has learned that he is mortal. But the man of age, if he plays his assigned role properly, must see life as a comedy. For his triumphs and his failures merge, and one is no more the occasion for pride or shame than the other; and he is neither the hero who proves himself against those forces, nor the protagonist who is destroyed by them. Like any poor, pitiable shell of an actor, he comes to see that he has played so many parts that there no longer is himself.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|It was, however, time to accept fear for what it was, an emotion that was preventing them from being who they needed to be.
Cheryl R. Cowtan, Girl Desecrated|I wonder how much- or how little- they remember. I am somehow convinced that they don't remember any of it, because they don't need to remember. I'm the only one that hears the voice of the Turtle, the only one who remembers, because I'm the only one who stayed here in Derry. And because they're scattered to the four winds, they have no way of knowing the identical patterns their lives have taken. To bring them back, to show them that pattern....yes, it might kill some of them. It might kill all of them.
Emily Saliers|I went to the doctor, I went to the mountains I looked to the children, I drank from the fountain There’s more than one answer to these questions pointing me in a crooked line And the less I seek my source for some definitive The closer I am to fine.
Asma Naqi|Through the passage of my life I have learned that the power of positive association is so much stronger than any amount of negativity in the world. No matter how dark it is, a tiny beam of light is all it takes to kill the darkest of darkness.
Paul Auster|Latinos, Asians, African-Americans, women - we're all trying to find our place in this world of cinema and television and theater. And the great thing with comedy is that most of the time, you could be orange. It doesn't matter, as long you're funny.
Kristiane Backer, From MTV to Mecca: How Islam Inspired My Life|Like infants, when they are born into the world, God's children are not born again in the full possession of their spiritual faculties; and it is well and wisely ordered that it is so. What we win easily, we seldom value sufficiently. The very fact that believers have to struggle and fight hard before they get hold of real soundness in the faith, helps to make them prize it more when they have attained it. The truths that cost us a battle are precisely those which we grasp most firmly, and never let go.
Natasha McNeely, A Glimpse of The Dark|I didn’t ask for your help,” I muttered, too exhausted to properly argue. “So fuck you.”An alarm bell went off in my head and I bit back a sigh. I swore I sensed the mischievous grin that inevitably crossed his lips.“I already did you.”It was going to be a long drive.
Stephen Hawking, A Brief History of Time|Even if there is only one possible unified theory, it is just a set of rules and equations. What is it that breathes fire into the equations and makes a universe for them to describe? The usual approach of science of constructing a mathematical model cannot answer the questions of why there should be a universe for the model to describe. Why does the universe go to all the bother of existing?
Kurt Vonnegut|In order to get beyond racism, we must first take account of race. There is no other way. And in order to treat some persons equally, we must treat them differently.
Saki, Reginald|The young have aspirations that never come to pass, the old have reminiscences of what never happened.
Eva Walker, Hanging by a Moment|Breathe, Emma. Now is not the time to swoon.
Carl Henegan, Darkness Left Undone|Growth dwells not in standing one’s ground, anyone can do that. Personal growth comes from reaching past insecurities with a sincere effort to acquire an understanding that does not mirror your own.
Marissa Meyer, Scarlet|What’s your rank of choice?”Juliet started, nearly spilling her cup of lemonade. “Pardon?”Drake gestured to all the other men in the room. “Every rank from a duke down to a second son who became a vicar is available for your choosing. Any rank strike your fancy?”“I believe you’re incorrect,” she said, looking over all the men in the room. “I see one second son-vicar, one baron―” she turned to him―“one viscount, two earls, and one duke. But alas, no marquis.”His brown eyes lit with mischief. “I’d say that I stand corrected, but I do not. There is a marquis on the premises. If you’d like to dance with him, I’ll see if a servant can fetch him from the nursery.
Jim Butcher|I hate what you represent."... "Power without conviction." Isana replied, her tone lifeless, matter of fact. "Ambition without conscience. Decent folk suffer at the hands of those like you.
Ryan Winfield, South of Bixby Bridge|I tried to groan, Help! Help! But the tone that came out was that of polite conversation.
Elle Kennedy, Midnight Rescue|Isabel, do you really think I'd sleep with someone who..." He trailed off, suddenly feeling awkward.	"Someone who what?"	Trevor let out a ragged breath. "Who isn't you."	Her mouth formed a cute little O.	"You are the one I want," he reiterated.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Distinctive Footprints of Life: Where Are You Heading Towards?|when distress comes your ways, pause and ponder
Timothy M. Houston, No-Nonsense Networking: The Straightforward Guide to Making Productive, Profitable and Prosperous Contacts and Connections|It used to be said "Build it and they will come," now it is "Build it and bribe them in".
Anthony Liccione|You will be remembered more for your bangs in life, than the bling.
Robert Wright, The Moral Animal: Why We Are the Way We Are: The New Science of Evolutionary Psychology|We are built to be effective animals, not happy ones.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|Success would be a fairly boring and uninspiring dish if anybody could create it with a single ingredient, however difficult that ingredient was to find. No, success has several layers to its pallet. This is just the beginning
Dada Bhagwan|After establishing anything as the absolute truth, its’ conclusion is reached. It doesn’t have to be established as the truth again. What is proven as the eternal established truth for past, present and future is known as the Principle [Siddhant].
Marie Lu, Champion|Champagne morning, sleepless grin, setting off and settling in. Today feels good.
Sunday Adelaja|To all the readers,whom despitethe attraction of tv,of internet,of family troubles,of video games,of sport,of night clubs,have found some hoursso we can all dream together.
Kerry Washington|What has made America amazing has been the fact that throughout our history, throughout the more than 200 years of our history, there have been men and women of courage who stood up and decided it was more important to look out for the future of their children and their grandchildren than their own political futures.
Jamie Dimon|The business of the poet is not to find new emotions, but to use the ordinary ones and, in working them up into poetry, to express feelings which are not in actual emotions at all.
Stephen Richards, Develop Jedi Self-Confidence: Unleash the Force within You|Self-belief, also called self-efficacy, is the kind of feeling you have when you have, like a Jedi, mastered a particular kind of skill and with its help have been able to achieve your set goals.
Swami Sadashiva Tirtha|as you think, so is your reality
Paul Lynch, Grace|Freedom is your soul in the emptiness of night. Freedom is this dark that is as great as what it holds the stars and everything beneath it and yet how it seems to be nothing, has no beginning, no end, and no center.
Romain Gary, White Dog|...the most sacred right of a person is to refuse o be manipulated, handled, cheated, and then kicked in the ass---.
Linda Blair|This House cannot function without an open, accountable, and independent ethics process; and the molestation of that process by the majority is an abuse of power that cannot stand.
Virginia Woolf|Possible then the professor inited a little too emphatically upon the inferiority of omen, he was concerned not with their inferiority, but with his superiority.
Douglas Wilson|Throughout the country, I see the same design problems and solutions over and over.
Denis Johnson, Jesus' Son|She wanted to eat my heart and be lost in the desert with what she'd done, she wanted to fall on her knees and give birth from it, she wanted to hurt me as only a child can be hurt by its mother.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|It was easy to make fun of the marines when they weren't listening. In Holden's navy days, making fun of jarheads was as natural as cussing. But four marines had died getting him off the Donnager, and three of them had made a conscious decision to do so. Holden promised himself that he'd never make fun of them again.
Ned Beauman, The Teleportation Accident|I was making frequent use of cocaine at that time ... I had been the first to recommend the use of cocaine, in 1885, and this recommendation had brought serious reproaches down on me.
Alexander Chee|When I was really young, I wanted to be a history teacher because I was obsessed with the past.
Lisa Kessler, Night Child|We think we can plan our lives," he muttered. "We think we can model reality. But chaos is an intrusive, inconsiderate bitch.
James Rosenquist|I'll always be this crazy, fun person, but when it's time to get married, I'm going to be an amazing wife.
Bart D. Ehrman|Different authors have different points of view. You can't just say, 'I believe in the Bible.
Bill Goldberg|The best fashion show is definitely on the street. Always has been, and always will be.
Doris Lessing|When you're the host of the Academy Awards, and you grew up watching Bob Hope and Johnny Carson, and now it's your turn, and you get a chance to run with the baton on the relay for a while, I really embraced it and just really loved being there.
Beau Bridges|I travel a lot, but I don't come away with new inspiration.
Melina Marchetta, Finnikin of the Rock|I like you; your eyes are full of language."[Letter to Anne Clarke, July 3, 1964.]
Daniel C. Dennett, Breaking the Spell: Religion as a Natural Phenomenon|Those who feel guilty contemplating "betraying" the tradition they love by acknowledging their disapproval of elements within it should reflect on the fact that the very tradition to which they are so loyal—the "eternal" tradition introduced to them in their youth—is in fact the evolved product of many adjustments firmly but delicately made by earlier lovers of the same tradition.
Richelle Mead, The Fiery Heart|In the absence of light, only darkness is left.
Maria Grazia Swan, Ashes of Autumn|What is adventure? Adventure offers every human being the ability to live ‘the’ moment of his or her most passionate idea, fantasy or pursuit. It may take form in the arts, acting, sports, travel or other creative endeavors. Once engaged, a person enjoys ‘satori’ or the perfect moment. That instant may last seconds or a lifetime. The key to adventure whether it be painting, dancing, sports or travel: throw yourself into it with rambunctious enthusiasm and zealous energy—which leads toward uncommon passion for living. By following that path, you will attract an amazing life that will imbue your spirit and fulfill your destiny as defined by you alone. In the end, you will savor the sweet taste of life pursuing goals that make you happy, rewarded and complete. As a bonus, you may share your life experiences with other bold and uncommon human beings that laugh at life, compare themselves with no one and enjoy a whale of a ride! Frosty Wooldridge from How to Live a Life of Adventure: The Art of Exploring the World
Julie Powell, Julie and Julia: 365 Days, 524 Recipes, 1 Tiny Apartment Kitchen: How One Girl Risked Her Marriage, Her Job, and Her Sanity to Master the Art of Living|Ethiopia is the center of origin and diversity for the majority of coffee we drink. The commodification of coffee pushes farmers to grow as much as possible by whatever means possible. This has contributed to deforestation. The place where coffee was born - the area with the greatest biodiversity of coffee anywhere in the world - could disappear. No forest, no coffee. No coffee, no forest. What we lose isn't specific to Ethiopia; it impacts us all.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby|A breeze blew through the room, blew curtains in at one end and out the other like pale flags, twisting them up towards the frosted wedding-cake of the ceiling, and then rippled over the wine-coloured rug, making a shadow on it as wind does on the sea.
Amanda Peet|I won't sit here and say I've never had a pimple, but I try to have a really great diet, you know, lots of vegetables and fish. And I think stress plays a huge part too.
Luis Fortuno|Whenever the government of the United States shall break up, it will probably be in consequence of a false direction having been given to public opinion.
Ujas Soni|Mother: What more can we be?Chris: You can be better! Once and for all you can know there's a universe of people outside and you're responsible to it, and unless you know that you threw away your son because that's how he died.
Jon Stewart|The novice in the military art flew from point to point, retarding his own preparations by the excess of his violent and somewhat distempered zeal; while the more practiced veteran made his arrangements with a deliberation that scorned every appearance of haste
Paul Walker|What a piece of garbage this smart car is. There's a commercial - the smart car has zero percent interest for six years. Well, good, I got zero percent in six years in buying this smart car. I'll tell you that much. I mean, it's ridiculous. My buddy has a smart car, totaled it. He hit a deer tick.
Rahul R Singh|For Love surely lies heartbroken at all the tears cried in its name, the curses flung at its efforts...there is nothing wrong with love; there is just something wrong with us.
Charles Simic, The World Doesn't End|Can you really believe that a drop of urine is an infinity of monads, and that each of these has ideas, however obscure, of the universe as a whole?
Joshua Slocum|Beauty, unlike the rest of the gifts handed out at birth, does not require dedication, patience and hard work to pay off. But it's also the only gift that does not keep on giving.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|If you hold a candle close to you, its flame rises. And if you hold it away from you, its flame shrinks. The same way you hold a candle close to you, keep all your plans, aspirations, projects, and dreams close to you too. Do not share your plans or goals until you complete them, because as you hold your candle away from you, your goals will shrink in the eyes of others. Envy, jealousy, and resentment will put out your flame before it grows.
Thomas Paine|My country is the world, and my religion is to do good.
Peter S. Beagle, The Tolkien Reader|He is a great enough magician to tap our most common nightmares, daydreams and twilight fancies, but he never invented them either: he found them a place to live, a green alternative to each day's madness here in a poisoned world. We are raised to honor all the wrong explorers and discoverers - thieves planting flags, murderers carrying crosses. Let us at last praise the colonizers of dreams.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Fell Beneath Fairyland and Led the Revels There|Mid-range, androgynous voice. I first thought that Solaris was a guy. Then a girl. Maybe. Then I gave up trying to figure out which. It would become obvious at some point, or not.
C.S. Lewis, A Grief Observed|And grief still feels like fear. Perhaps, more strictly, like suspense. Or like waiting; just hanging about waiting for something to happen. It gives life a permanently provisional feeling. It doesn't seem worth starting anything. I can't settle down. I yawn, fidget, I smoke too much. Up till this I always had too little time. Now there is nothing but time. Almost pure time, empty successiveness.
Widad Akreyi, The Viking's Kurdish Love: A True Story of Zoroastrians' Fight for Survival, Years 988-1003|when we work together, we achieve more. Character is not a concept that is simply spoken about, but actually manifests itself through our actions.
Kennedy Vega, Blossom of Ash|My days are filled with you, and for that I am more grateful than you could ever know
Debbie Ford|I was a peripheral visionary. I could see the future, but only way off to the side.
Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich|Keisha Blake, whose celebrated will and focus did not leave her much room for angst, watched her friend ascend to the top deck in her new panda-eyed makeup and had a mauvais quart d'heure, wondering whether she herself had any personality at all or was in truth only the accumulation and reflection of all the things she had read in books and seen on television.
Alex Irvine, Pacific Rim: The Official Movie Novelization|We grab handfuls of bottles and climb up onto the roof of the house. She stumbles and her foot slips into the gutter sopped with dead leaves. I grab her wrists and pull her clear – sure, she's not the person I'd choose to do this with, but she's my only option so I might as well be nice. Plus I don't want her to drop the vodka.
Richard Baxter, The Saints' Everlasting Rest|We visited Mao's old house, which had been turned into a museum-cum-shrine. It was rather grand––quite different from my idea of a lodging for exploited peasants, as I had expected it to be. A caption underneath an enormous photograph of Mao's mother said that she had been a very kind person and, because her family was relatively well off, had often given food to the poor. So our Great Leader's parents had been rich peasants! But rich peasants were class enemies! Why were Chairman Mao's parents heroes when other class enemies were objects of hate? The question frightened me so much that I immediately suppressed it.
Brian  Doyle, Chicago|The coolest most amazing people I have met in my life, I said, are the ones who are not very interested in power or money, but who are very interested in laughter and courage and grace under duress and holding hands against the darkness, and finding new ways to solve old problems, and being attentive and tender and kind to every sort of being, especially dogs and birds, and of course children.
Cornell Woolrich, The Fantastic Stories of Cornell Woolrich|At the end of the day, when the sun falls a willing prisoner of the night...and humans, males and females alike, become submitted to the mistress of the dark, my mind begins to wander and wonder. Looking upwards at a blank slate of concrete, the psyque expresses freely what my subconscious is afraid to give free rein. And there and then, between the play of reality and dreamland, I find my place. I find myself.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|The mind thinks upon, processes, and remembers what the senses forget.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Everything passes through the eyes of top bureaucrats who closely watch to ensure that no intruder can enter their ranks and disrupt the order and arrangement of values in which everything is predetermined and where everyone knows their place, everyone’s potential, talent and position in history.
Rebecca Clare Smith, Desecrated Bonds|His indirect way of approaching a character or an action, striving to realize it by surrounding rather than invading it, is ideally suited to the indefinite and suggestive presentation of a ghost story.(introduction to "Sir Edmund Orme" by Henry James)
Rainer Maria Rilke, The Book of Images|It wasn't his, it wasn't my fault,we both had nothing except patience,but Death has none. I saw him come (how meanly!)and I watched him as he took and took:none of it I could claim as mine. 
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|With right fashion, every female would be a flame.
James Mercer|Wine writers have been around for almost as long as there has been wine, but in the past, generally speaking, most wine writing was uncritical and emphasized wine as a romantic, historic beverage. Criticism and comparative tastings were eschewed for fear of offending the trade, which most writers depended upon for survival.
Peter S. Beagle, The Last Unicorn|All grown-ups were once children... but only few of them remember it.” ― Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince
Rob Martin|We have to change the world to fit us, not the other way around.
C. Nzingha Smith|Remember who you are, what you stand for, and what's most important in your life…
Uma Nnenna|A writer is simply one who writes words, Even if just 1 person reads it your work, or a 100, or 1million or 100,000 You are a writer.
Eric Clapton|I love all kinds of art. I mean, I love sketching and acting and music.
Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse|Wait just a minute," Ares growled. He pointed at Thalia and me. "These two are dangerous. It'd be much safer, while we've got them here—""Ares," Poseidon interrupted, "they are worthy heroes. We will not blast my son to bits.""Nor my daughter," Zeus grumbled. "She has done well.
J. J. Abrams|Best of all is it to preserve everything in a pure, still heart, and let there be for every pulse a thanksgiving, and for every breath a song.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Zane raised his brow. “Didn’t I say that yesterday?” he asked, forcinghimself to be patient. Somehow.“You say that like you think I listen to you,” Ty responded instantly, asmile pulling at his lips.
Aziz Ansari, Modern Romance|I kept remembering something Michael Fertik had said to me at the Village Pub in Woodside. 'The biggest lie,' he said, 'is "The Internet is about you." We like to think of ourselves as people who have choice and taste and personalized content. But the Internet isn't about us. It's about the companies that dominate the data flows of the Internet.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|There is no cap to the potential within us, except when we place one on ourselves.
Lindsey Rietzsch, How to Date Your Spouse: A Couple's Guide to Falling and Staying in Love|Forget about trying to "fix" your spouse's flaws. Instead, focus your attention on aspects and characteristics that you enjoy most.
Steve Jobs|The vast majority of people who speak to me say they have had brilliant care. When they are critical, their concern tends not to be directed at the medical side but the ancillary things that surround it, such as helping patients to eat meals, cleanliness, and making sure that when patients have a problem, they are listened to.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Challenges are part of life;We weaken our spirit, when we act in fear and lose hope.But we strengthen our spirit, when we fearlessly with faith and hope, rise up to meet and conquer the challenges.
Joy  Sikorski, Tamar of the Terebinths|he wished for freedom and heaven was granted to him".
Yuval Noah Harari, Homo Deus: A Brief History of Tomorrow|Humanists were people who wanted to return to ideas found in old Greek and Latin writing of Greece and Rome, written many centuries earlier. Christian Humanists also wanted to get back to these ideas, but they were mainly concerned with learning about the early Christian Church, before it had become involved with money-making and superstition. They wanted to read the books of the early Church, especially the gospels of Christ, in the original language of Greek, so that they would know exactly what the writings meant. The leader of the Christian Humanists was Desiderius Erasmus (1466-1536), who attacked superstitions in the Catholic Church in his writing.
Wendy Vanderwal-Gritter, Generous Spaciousness: Responding to Gay Christians in the Church|I want to remind pastors and leaders that we do not own the church—God does. We aren't called to serve the church from a place of fear with our primary focus on protecting our boundaries. We are called to fling wide the doors, to invite to the banquet those on the margins, those who will challenge our comfort and our aversion to getting our hands dirty. Announcing the kingdom is risky business. When our experience of church becomes so predictable and so controlled, one has to wonder how far we've strayed from the calling to be ambassadors of reconciliation to those far beyond the walls of the church.
Michael McGirr, The Lost Art of Sleep|A woman needed half her leg amputated after she slipped and broke the leg as she was cleaning her bath while she was still asleep. Not even the pain of a broken bone woke her and the angle at which she fell cut off circulation to the leg, killing the limb. When she finally awoke, she was close to multi-organ collapse.
Tahir Shah, Travels With Myself|Lured by the wilderness, and by the chance of spotting rare desert elephants, a few intrepid tourists make their way to the Skeleton Coast each year. It's just about as remote as any tourist destination on earth, but one that pays fabulous dividends.
Orson Scott Card|And Elvex said, "I was the man." - In "Robot dreams" (Short story)
Lyn Crain, In My Shoes: My Poetic Journey from Abuse to Victory|There is something to be said for rain, the sharing of an intimate caress with the leaves, blades of grass and all the living and the dead creatures to remind us we are connected.~Lyn Crain
Neil Gaiman, Worlds' End|All through the night, men looked at the sky and were saddened by the stars.
Alice Munro, Too Much Happiness|Music is the one art we all have inside. We may not be able to play an instrument, but we can sing along or clap or tap our feet. Have you ever seen a baby bouncing up and down in the crib in time to some music? When you think of it, some of that baby's first messages from his or her parents may have been lullabies, or at least the music of their speaking voices. All of us have had the experience of hearing a tune from childhood and having that melody evoke a memory or a feeling. The music we hear early on tends to stay with us all our lives.
Lacey Schwimmer|If anything interferes with my inner peace, I will walk away. Arguments with family members. All that stuff. None of it matters.
Roberto Clemente|Imagination makes us aware of limitless possibilities. How many of us haven't pondered the concept of infinity or imagined the possibility of time travel? In one of her poems, Emily Bronte likens imagination to a constant companion, but I prefer to think of it as a built-in entertainment system.
Catherynne M. Valente, Speak Easy|Al is the upside down man. Back home, you work all day and night to learn how to paint, learn linseed and cadmium and badger-hair and perspective, which is just math in art-school drag, you know? And maybe you still can't do anything worth phoning the Met over. But hey, getting a boy to fuck you is just the easiest thing since Sunday naps. Up top, getting drunk at a party is what you do when you're all out of art. But in...Canada? Are we calling it Canada now? Ok! Al's the King of Canada and he says: fuck that for a lark! The world feels like being a bastard-and-a-half this decade, let's play nine-pins on its grave. Down here it's all the same! Kiss a boy and books come out! Ralph up Parthenons into the upstairs toilet! Dance poems, shit showtunes! Art is easy! Pick up genius at the corner shop! Sell your soul and half your shoes for a glass of gin!' He looks up at Zelda Fair and his poor goblin face goes all twisted up and desperate. 'It's all fucked anyway, you see? The end of the world already happened. It's happening all the time. It's gonna happen again. And again after that. Just when you think it's done falling on its face, the world picks itself up and throws itself off a roof. Boom. Pavement. The world's ending forever and ever and we're not even allowed to toast at her funeral. So we gotta do something else or she won't know we ever loved her.
Bruce Lee|It is not a daily increase, but a daily decrease. Hack away at the inessentials.
Kate Morton, The House at Riverton|It'll be a change," says Marcus. "Something different.""Not a mystery."Marcus laughs. "No. Not a mystery. Just a nice safe history."Ah, my darling. But there is no such thing.
irak.ibrahim hussain didi|If you complain about small calamities, Allah will give you great calamities.
Diane Les Becquets|The brain is an incredible multitasker. At the same time that it’s piercing itself with superheated needles of anguish, it’s ruthlessly making plans, contingencies, plotting out a future, giving zero fucks whether it’ll ever see it. On the day I die, it’ll be calculating what to have for dinner as it bombards itself with pain signals from my amputated legs or my clocked-out heart.
Shampa Sharma|They said you were hard and cold and unfeeling.”“But it’s true...I am, in the sense they mean—only have they ever told you in just what sense they mean it?""What did they mean about you?”“Whenever anyone accuses some person of being ‘unfeeling,’ he means that that person is just. He means that that person has no causeless emotions and will not grant him a feeling which he does not deserve. He means that .‘to feel’ is to go against reason, against moral values, against reality.
Eileen Granfors|In the back of his mind, he had always wondered why — why they harbored such resentment for him. Now he had the answer, and he felt sick. He felt the bottom dropping out.
Sharon Bertsch McGrayne, The Theory That Would Not Die: How Bayes' Rule Cracked the Enigma Code, Hunted Down Russian Submarines, and Emerged Triumphant from Two Centuries of Controversy|At the laboratory, Turing designed the first relatively complete electronic stored-program digital computer for code breaking in 1945. Darwin deemed it too ambitious, however, and after several years Turing left in disgust. When the laboratory finally built his design in 1950, it was the fastest computer in the world and, astonishingly, had the memory capacity of an early Macintosh built three decades later.
Stella Gibbons|The library, like the thrift shop, specialised in the leavings of the elderly dead.
Eve Merriam|The touch of your fingersgrazing minedelicate asa single drop of winein a crystal goblet.Rolling it round,I savor it on my tongue,try tomake it lastforever.The words Iloveyouform in the airand melt. Your palm againstmy cheek,light asa snowflake.
Mindy Kaling, Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me?|Your job is obviously very pressured.""I thrive under pressure," I explain. Which is true. I've known that about myself ever since...Well. Ever since my mother told me when I was about 8.
Kiersten Fay, Demon Slave|In a flash, the previously lusty green irises morphed into an angry blood red. Nadua stood with a gasp, not sure what was happening to him. The horns that peeked out of his sandy brown hair began to alter their color as well, taking on the cast of burning embers. Razor-sharp fangs peeked out from his lips, twisted in rage. This was how he had looked when he was tearing through her men.
Debasish Mridha|Poetry, romance, beauty, and love have no book value, but life has no value without them.
Eve Dangerfield, Degrees of Control|James couldn't help it, he smiled. Charlotte was the strangest girl he'd spent time with lately, not because she was weird or even kinky, but because sweetness seemed to pour from her skin like molasses.
Erin McCarthy, The Pregnancy Test|She taught me I should never do anything in private I did not want talked about in public, and cautioned me not to talk in my sleep.
Carol Burge|You may appreciate positivity when you accept and understand negativity.Petra Cecilia Maria Hermans September 17, 2016AmenGod
Alphonso Jackson|The one thing we can do is invest in the quality of education, especially higher education.
Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh, When the Shoe Fits: Stories of the Taoist Mystic Chuang Tzu|A man of wisdom always looks at every problem from the other’s point of view also. You cannot be wise if you have only one point of view. Sometimes try to stand in others’ shoes and just look from there. And if you can understand the other, you will be able to understand yourself more. The other always sees that you are an egoist. You never see it, you are blind to yourself.
Darrel Ray, Sex & God: How Religion Distorts Sexuality|[U]sing religion to treat depression often makes the problem worse. It's like treating the disease with more of the disease. It is effective in getting people to give time and money to the church, but it does not help the victim.
Henry Ward Beecher|I want to use my connections with coaches, players, celebrities, whomever, and if I can take that friendship and use it to help someone else, I'm going to take advantage of that. I'm not going to apologize for that.
Phillips Brooks|The thing about being at home versus being out in the world working is, it's a whole different vibe. When I'm home with my kids and partner, I will cook - even though she's a very good cook. She's learned over the years. We started with basics, you know, how to saute onions, how to saute mushrooms.
Emily Lloyd-Jones, The Hearts We Sold|I like to keep my dreams attainable. Eat cheese, sleep on a nice bed, have my work in the same museum as Rothko--the usual.
Joe C., Beyond Belief: Agnostic Musings for 12 Step Life: Finally, a Daily Reflection Book for Nonbelievers, Freethinkers and Everyone|There's almost always a church youth group at the soup kitchen. I have yet to see an atheists' youth group. Yeah, I know, religious people don't have a monopoly on doing good. I'm sure that there are many agnostics and atheists out there slinging mashed potatoes at other soup kitchens. I know the world is full of selfless secular gropus like Doctors without Borders. But I've got to say: It's a lot easier to do good if you put your faith in a book that requires you to do good.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld|All sciences are now under the obligation to prepare the ground for the future task of the philosopher, which is to solve the problem of value, to determine the true hierarchy of values.
Edith Stein|In law, as in every other branch of knowledge, the truths given by induction tend to form the premises for new deductions. The lawyers and the judges of successive generations do not repeat for themselves the process of verification any more than most of us repeat the demonstrations of the truths of astronomy or physics.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|When it comes to greatness, God doesn’t choose for man.
Fiona Helmsley, My Body Would Be the Kindest of Strangers|About a week earlier I had finished a book (on the Hell's Angels, scheduled this fall by Random House) and I felt that I needed about a week of total degeneration to cool out my system. To this end I went down to Big Sur and Monterery and filled my body with every variety of booze and drug available to modern man. For six or seven days I ran happily amok - spending money, sitting in baths, and futilely hunting wild boar with a .44 Magnum revolver. At one point I gave my car away to a man who paid $25 for the privilege of pushing it off a 400-foot cliff. - to Max Scherr editor, Berkley Barb 7/20/1966
Ava Farmehri, Through the Sad Wood Our Corpses Will Hang|The truth will set you free, they say, but believe me, nothing will set you free.
Magnus Carlsen|I like to investigate all different kinds of people, I guess, and find out what makes them who they are, and try to be honest in the portrayal, and truthful, and find out how to understand that person, how to communicate that person's experience.
Jorge Franco, Rosario Tijeras|The truth is that Leon, like a lot of those-maybe everyone-who trips on acid, never really came back. he recovered but he was never the same guy again. He had lost something-innocence of hell. Acid presses a little button in your mind that should never be pressed
Régine Pernoud, The Templars: Knights of Christ|People's imaginations have continued to work, right up to our own day; hence the incredible crop of fanciful allegations attributing to the Templars every kind of esoteric rite and belief, from the most ancient to the most vulgar, every variety of alchemical or magical knowledge, all kinds of initiation and affiliation rituals, those already in existence at the time and those yet to be conceived—in a word, all the "secrets" devised the slake the thirst for mystery inherent in human nature. This thirst, by a kind of instinctual reaction, seems never to be stronger than in those eras when people appear to reject all mysteries: let us recall that it was in Descartes' own day that trials for witchcraft were most numerous; that it was at the beginning of the rationalistic eighteenth century that Freemasonry was born; that our own scientific twentieth century is equally the century in which sects have proliferated, occultism has undergone a renaissance, and so on.
Therese Anne Fowler, Z: A Novel of Zelda Fitzgerald|Maybe the job of the artist is to see through all of this strangeness to what really is, and that takes a lot of courage and a strong faith in the validity of the artistic vision even if there is not a conscious faith in God.
Richard LaGravenese|No evil can happen to a good man, either in life or after death.
Fumiko Enchi, Masks|Just as there is an archetype of woman as the object of man's eternal love, so there must be an archetype of her as the object of his eternal fear, representing, perhaps, the shadow of his own evil actions.
Amy Leigh Mercree|Accept yourself: flaws, quirks, talents, secret thoughts, all of it, and experience true liberation.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|That is why embittered people find heroes and madmen a perennial source of fascination, for they have no fear of life or death. Both heroes and madmen are indifferent to danger and will forge ahead regardless of what other people say.
Arvind Gupta|Writing genetic code like we do software will usher in a completely new way of living for all of us. When this happens, our society will be as fundamentally changed as we have seen from the invention of computers.
Anonymous|"So you want to become my son-in-law." "Not exactly. I just want to marry your daughter."
The Tick|I didn’t see Danny come in or run towards me. He was just suddenly there, pulling me up by my arm so hard that I gasped. I felt his grip on my skin long after he let go. We ran down the steps where Mom met us, coughing. She was followed by a thick black cloud of smoke. I had never felt smoke that hot in my life. I tasted ash when I breathed in.“Go! Get out!” she choked, waving us towards the front door.We ran out into the night in our pajamas.“Run to Violet’s!” Mom called behind us.- The Stable House
William Shakespeare, A Midsummer Night's Dream|Get you gone, you dwarf,You minimus of hindering knotgrass made,You bead, you acorn!
William Shakespeare|Your honour's players, hearing your amendment, Are come to play a pleasant comedy,For so your doctors hold it very meet,Seeing too much sadness hath congealed your blood,And melancholy is the nurse of frenzy.Therefore they thought it good you hear a play,And frame your mind to mirth and merriment,Which bars a thousand harms and lenghtens life.
Ray Bradbury|Stuff your eyes with wonder," he said, "live as if you'd drop dead in ten seconds. See the world. It's more fantastic than any dream made or paid for in factories. Ask no guarantees, ask for no security, there never was such an animal. And if there were, it would be related to the great sloth which hangs upside down in a tree all day every day, sleeping its life away. To hell with that," he said, "shake the tree and knock the great sloth down on his ass.
Matthew C. Harrison, Christ Have Mercy: How to Put Your Faith in Action|And the fools… well, the fools are there for us to fleece and then to show mercy.
Kristy Brown|Another drink, another sentence, and the writing continues on. . . .
Sharad Vivek Sagar|Intent matters. Integrity matters. Courage matters. If you have the three, nothing else matters
Bruce Feiler, Abraham: A Journey to the Heart of Three Faiths|At Abraham's burial, his two most prominent sons, rivals since before they were born, estranged since childhood, scions of rival nations, come together for the first time since they were rent apart nearly three-quarters of a century earlier. The text reports their union nearly without comment. "His sons Isaac and Ishmael buried him in the cave of Machpelah, in the field of Ephron son of Zohar the Hittite, facing Mamre, in the field that Abraham had bought from the Hittites." But the meaning of this moment cannot be diminished. Abraham achieves in death what he could never achieve in life: a moment of reconciliation between his two sons, a peaceful, communal, side-by-side flicker of possibility in which they are not rivals, scions, warriors, adversaries, children, Jews, Christians, or Muslims. They are brothers. They are mourners. In a sense they are us, forever weeping for the loss of our common father, shuffling through our bitter memories, reclaiming our childlike expectations, laughing, sobbing, furious and full of dreams, wondering about our orphaned future, and demanding the answers we all crave to hear: What did you want from me, Father? What did you leave me with, Father? And what do I do now?
Tipper Gore|Science without respect for human life is degrading to us all and reflects a hollow and deceptive philosophy, a philosophy that we as a people should never condone.
Christos Yannaras, Variations on the Song of Songs|I am the Maker of all things. By my word were the heavens made, their starry host by the breath of my mouth. I spread out the northern skies over empty space; I suspend the earth over nothing. I clothe you with skin and flesh and knit you together with bones and sinews. I form the light and create darkness, I bring prosperity and create disaster.
Tamara L. Chilver|Dear Homeschool Mom, You've got this! God called you to it, and He will see you through it. Inhale Grace. Exhale Doubt.
Marissa Piesman, Heading Uptown|It often struck Nina that women who seemed capable of only limited mental tasks in most situations could retain information regarding other peoples weight for years, sometimes decades. Unlike genuine idiots savants, they couldn't tell you that December 13, 1972 had fallen on a Wednesday. But they could often tell you, within a pound or two, how much you'd weighed that week.
Maggie Stiefvater, Blue Lily, Lily Blue|Was it okay? Adam had turned down so many offers of help from Gansey. Money for school, money for food, money for rent. Pity and charity, Adam had thought. For so long, he'd wanted Gansey to see him as an equal, but it was possible that all this time, the only person who needed to see that was Adam. Now he could see that it wasn't charity Gansey was offering. It was just truth. And something else: friendship of the unshakable kind. Friendship you could swear on. That could be busted nearly to breaking and come back stronger than before.
William Goldman|Excluding certain ideas and thoughts, calling them hate speech, is an important piece in the progressive movement’s puzzle. If you can’t win an argument logically, demonize your opponent, make him out to be a bad person and all of a sudden the ideas he stands for become bad as well.
David Wong, This Book Is Full of Spiders: Seriously, Dude, Don't Touch It|I know the Goliath Fucking Bird-Eating Spider can't fly because if it could, it would have a different name entirely. We would call it "sir" because it would be the dominant species on the planet. None of us would leave the house unless a Goliath Fucking Bird-Eating Spider said it was okay
Terry Pratchett, A Hat Full of Sky|Cats cant speak, that's common sense.-Yoruichi 
Elizabeth Duivenvoorde|Frodo! Mr. Frodo, my dear!' cried Sam, tears almost blinding him. 'It's Sam, I've come!' He half lifted his master and hugged him to his breast.
Thomas Pynchon, Bleeding Edge|It's not good to dig in the past, raise the ghost up from the grave, and have it walk with the flesh.
Bryana Johnson, Having Decided To Stay|Be ye innocent as doves yet wise as serphants" new testament quoted by Elvis Presley and applied to karate
Kevin DeYoung, Taking God at His Word: Why the Bible Is Knowable, Necessary, and Enough, and What That Means for You and Me|You don't have to go back to the way things were. Just go back to the point where you left off. Don't start over... just keep going, but there's a right way of keeping going. And no one here is going to be angry at you for leaving. We all have to leave sometimes. And some of us never come back. But there's always a choice, even if you've already decided never to return. You can still come back from this. That is the only kind of faith that matters. Not in the world, not in...God..., not in our friendship... just in yourself.
Brian Eno|Anxiety and spiritual searching have been consistent themes with me, and that figures into my worldview. But I tend to make my songs sound like relationship songs.
Rob Sheffield, Turn Around Bright Eyes: The Rituals of Love & Karaoke|There’s only the one, see. When you fall in love with a girl, she’s the bloody White Album. That is what you whisper to yourself, when you don’t understand her at all. You just keep telling yourself, she’s the bloody Beatles White Album and there’s only one of her.
Carolyn Gibbs, Murder in Paradise|Goodnight, Sam."Sam took a deep breath and tried to settle himself. It did not good, instead he inhaled a hint of her vanilla perfume mixed with the smell of sea salt. He couldn't help himself. His mind drifted. He longed to buy his face in her neck and breathe it in. Instead he made due with taking deep breathes as the spicy aroma engulfed him.After a while he realized this wasn't working for him, her signature scent stimulated him and forced him to long for her. He tried counting backwards from a hundred. Maybe that would work to level off his arousal so he could get some sleep. Just lying there thinking about her cologne or the fact that he could simply reach out and touch her body was enough to keep him hard all night. And frustrated...ninety-five, ninety-four, ninety-three.
Martin Garrix|I would love to do a biopic of a famous singer, like Diana Ross or Donna Summer, or an old jazz story that we haven't seen before. I would love to do that! I would love to play Diana Ross 'cause she's an icon. I'm salivating to do that.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|It turns out that indecision is a path itself; but figuratively, a vertical path - up or down - meaning it isn't always a fruitless path. One is forgotten, but the other is glorified. To be what they call 'middle-of-the-road' in most cases just means you have a hard time figuring out who between options is dumber. So quite often those who refused to decide were, after all, the bold individuals, the influential ones, the creative ones, those who snatched their own authority.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Devil May Cry|We need to gather everyone we can.Damien scoffed. Uh, boss, hate to be a pall, but I think everyone we can gather is currently in this room.Sin paused to look at Simi, Xirena, Damien, Kat, Kish, and Xypher. It was a pitiful number of defenders. But it was all the world had. In that case, we need to seriously arm ourselves.Damien crossed himself. Hail Mary, full of grace-What are you doing? Kish asked. You're not Catholic.Yeah but I'm feeling really religious all of a sudden and it seemed like a good idea.
J. California Cooper|Love entered in my heart one dayA sad, unwelcome guest.But when it begged that it might stayI let it stay and restIt broke my nights with sorrowingIt filled my heart with fearsAnd, when my soul was prone to sing,It filled my eyes with tears.But...now that it has gone its way,I miss the dear ole pain.And, sometimes, in the night I prayThat Love might come again.
Charlaine Harris, Dead Reckoning|Men! Dead or alive, they could be exactly the same.
Jason Reitman|The way I define 'intelligent design' is that when people started out, we wanted to make sense of the world we lived in, so we created stories about how things worked.
Noam Chomsky, Requiem for the American Dream: The 10 Principles of Concentration of Wealth & Power|Today is the best time to do what you couldn't do yesterday, because tomorrow might be too late.
Courtney Allison Moulton, Angelfire|I showed him the Post-it. “You see They’re from Lily.”“Who’s Lily?”“Some girl.”“Ooh... a girl!”“Boomer, we’re not in third grade anymore. You don’t say, ‘Ooh... a girl!’”“What? You fucking her?”“Okay, Boomer, you’re right. I liked ‘Ooh... a girl!’ much more than that. Let’s stick with ‘Ooh... a girl!
Ama H. Vanniarachchy|Adult males in modern society who feel fulfilled in giving concern and tuition to boys and youths are portrayed as being interested only in boys' bodies (though this may be a small part of the attraction) and are spurned and traduced as sexual monsters. I believe we reap the harvest of ours hysterical and homophobia today in juvenile crime, drug use and delinquency. Consider the ethical training which boys and youths gained through shudo in Japan or in the system in Classical Greece, the tuition in manners, customs and humanity, the degree of civilised values imparted to them, the ideas of loyalty, honour and truthfulness; this highly personalised education with love and sensuality at its centre must be far more effective than any other. We in the West are bigoted fools to dismiss it with such horror.
Lidia Yuknavitch, The Small Backs of Children|What she thinks and feels is this: This is a world of men. They come into your country, they invade your home, they kill your family. They turn your body into the battlefield — the territory of all violence — all power — all life and death. And we take it. We do. We keep taking it. We have lost track of the reasons we do not slaughter the world of men, but we do not. Yes, there are good men. She sees the face of her father. She sees how the filmmaker loves the writer. She sees the yet-unwritten life of the writer’s son. She sees her. . brother. Beautiful smear. But it is the world of men that creates pure destruction. And this is a truth we cannot bear: Since we bear them into the world, we cannot kill them. Cannot be done with them. Cannot exile them into oblivion.
Josh Hatcher, Manlihood: The 12 Pillars of Masculinity|I know that not every family is a clean-cut nuclear Mom and Dad at home situation - but I think every father needs to do whatever he can to be present in the lives of his kids. If you are in a situation where you have not been - fight for it. Don’t give up till you get it. Don’t be a jerk about it - don’t “fight” mom - but “fight” whatever things tell you to just give up. Send cards, make phone calls, pay your support, and do whatever you can to be present in the lives of your children.
Alexander Kjerulf, Happy Hour is 9 to 5|Studies consistently show that happy companies are way more productive, creative and service-oriented than unhappy ones. Therefore, the happy companies will beat the pants off the unhappy ones in the market place. The future of business is happy! It’s inevitable.
Leo Tolstoy|We are all brothers, and yet I live by receiving a salary for arraigning, judging and punishing a thief or a prostitute, whose existence is conditioned by the whole consumption of my life.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Your attitude toward others, work, and your daily life is a reflection of your attitude toward God.
Larry Niven|A man who has nothing for which he is willing to fight, nothing which is more important than his own personal safety, is a miserable creature and has no chance of being free unless made and kept so by the exertions of better men than himself.
Michael Buckley, The Unusual Suspects|..when the first rubber ball smacked her in the head and made her brains rattle in her skull, she knew that something about this dodgeball game was different
Mimi Baird|So much happened so quickly, so much to remember forever, so much to haunt the corridors of memory. Life moves along strange paths. We are only to such a limited degree the pilot of our soul, the captain of our ship (p. 164)
Sam Hunt|My attitude is, do as much as I can while I'm free. And if I'm arrested I'll still do as much as I can.
Tena Desae|People used to ask me for advice, and I'd say, 'Please, don't ask me!' Yes, I did economics at Oxford, but that's not the same as having a broad knowledge of personal finance.
Hermann Joseph Muller|As science is more and more subject to grave misuse as well as to use for human benefit it has also become the scientist's responsibility to become aware of the social relations and applications of his subject, and to exert his influence in such a direction as will result in the best applications of the findings in his own and related fields. Thus he must help in educating the public, in the broad sense, and this means first educating himself, not only in science but in regard to the great issues confronting mankind today.
Nadine Artemis, Holistic Dental Care: The Complete Guide to Healthy Teeth and Gums|A well-made turtleneck sweater will keep you warm, cozy, and protected from the cold. Your gums do the same thing for your teeth.
P.G. Wodehouse, Mr. Mulliner Speaking|She always paid attention to fingers rather than faces because they told so much more. People remembered to guard their faces. They forgot their hands. Her own were small, though strong and supple from all the hours of piano playing, but what use was that now? For the first time she understood what real danger does to the human mind, as flat white fear froze the coils of her brain.
Soraya Diase Coffelt|It’s our(As The Stars of the Sky Foundation, Inc.) passion and joy to read to children and improve literacy, as well as teach others about charity and the impact they can have in a child’s life.
Rennie Airth|There was something about the story she told us...that didn't seem right to him. He didn't buy the idea they'd been lovers. He reckoned it was something else. It's the sort of thing he used to pick up on, when I worked with him. You know as well as I do, sir, in a case like this you collect all sorts of facts, but only a few really matter, and Mr Madden had a gift for spotting them. Not that he always knew why: often it was just something he felt - a sort of instinct, I suppose - though he would have said it was simply a matter of paying attention. That's what he used to tell me.
Alan Jacobs, A Visit to Vanity Fair: Moral Essays on the Present Age|I would not be practicing love toward God OR my neighbour if I were to smile benignly on an unjust social order. It is not charitable to refrain from moral judgment: when Jesus says 'Judge not, lest ye be judged," he is forbidding condemnation, not discernment. There are times indeed when Christian charity demands that one speak forcibly.
Kirstie Alley|Food makes travel so exceptional, because you get to taste what it's actually supposed to taste like. To eat the real Pad Thai or finally have a proper curry is something pretty amazing.
Jodi Lynn Anderson, Love and Peaches|Fury ignited behind my breastbone , a hot glow like coals blooming into something sharp and dangerous. It was the same old crap- someone thinking they can push you around because you're young, because you're helpless. You had to just sit there and take it because you were under a certain number , because you weren't a real person yet; you could be picked up and dropped like a toy, left behind or thrown away...
Piper Kerman, Orange Is the New Black|When people have similar emotions, their faces also look similar!
Michelle Paver, Wolf Brother|And it is then, when The Cause, with its greedy mouth, tries to take more from you, tries to take that part of you that you cannot give away, it is only then that you realize all of your sacrifices have been for nothing. You have given yourself to a fraud. And what is left to replace what has been taken is not a hero’s pride, but a bitter emptiness that sours even that last little core of yourself that you cling to. This is the destiny of the man who serves, the man who stands for others. This is the lot of the ones who go out to confront the wolf. This is the disillusionment of all those who protect the flock. This is their secret: that they have allowed their instincts to be used, not for the protection of others, but for the gain of a few. And their “honor” is a monument to the ashes of all those little pieces of themselves that they never got back.
Amy Lee|When you think about it, the end of the world is a little bit like death: We all know it's going to come eventually, and as we get older, we feel we see the signs more and more distinctly.
Mark Twain, Autobiography of Mark Twain, Vol. 1|Look at the tyranny of party-- at what is called party allegiance, party loyalty-- a snare invented by designing men for selfish purposes-- and which turns voters into chattels, slaves, rabbits; and all the while, their masters, and they themselves are shouting rubbish about liberty, independence, freedom of opinion, freedom of speech, honestly unconscious of the fantastic contradiction; and forgetting or ignoring that their fathers and the churches shouted the same blasphemies a generation earlier when they were closing thier doors against the hunted slave, beating his handful of humane defenders with Bible-texts and billies, and pocketing the insults nad licking the shoes of his Southern master.
Alisha Rai, Veiled Seduction|She’d rather make love to him then watch any movie. “We don’t have to. Did I do something wrong?”That made him turn to her. “Of course not.”“Oh. Then don’t you want to…” She trailed off, a blush rising.“Are you kidding me? More than anything.” His expression softened. “But, Maira, I don’t want to rush you, make you do something you aren’t ready for.”She stared at him. He was so pretty. Was he also stone-cold stupid?How could he think she wasn’t ready for it? She’d already thrown herself at him. Twice now, if he counted the kitchen disaster.
Peter V. Brett, The Desert Spear|Why are you doing this?” Amanvah whispered, her accent thick like her mother’s, but every word clear. “My mother would not be so kind to one who tried to poison her.”“Nor would mine, but we are not our mothers, Amanvah,” Leesha said.
Morrissey|Disappointment came to me,and booted me,and bruised and hurt me,but that's how people grow up.
Zoe Klein|At its best, this is my calling. At its worst, it is a mad compulsion that I just can’t shake.
Gloria Naylor|The American dream, what we were taught was, grow up, own a car, own a house. I think that dream's completely changing. We were taught to keep up with the Joneses. Now we're sharing with the Joneses.
Constance Briscoe, Ugly|Choose this life. Choose this body. Say yes to all of it. Say yes to the beauty and the good and the ugly and the difficult. Choose what you have, what you are. Choose this moment. Choose to love and remember. You are full. You are alive.
Vera Brittain, Testament of Youth|It is, I think, this glamour, this magic, this incomparable keying up of the spirit in a time of mortal conflict, which constitute the pacifist's real problem--a problem still incompletely imagined and still quite unsolved. The causes of war are always falsely represented; its honour is dishonest and its glory meretricious, but the challenge to spiritual endurance, the intense sharpening of all the senses, the vitalising consciousness of common peril for a common end, remain to allure those boys and girls who have just reached the age when love and friendship and adventure call more persistently than at any later time. The glamour may be the mere delirium of fever, which as soon as war is over dies out and shows itself for the will-o'-the-wisp that it is, but while it lasts, no emotion known to man seems as yet to have quite the compelling power of this enlarged vitality.
Ulrich Beck|In the Orthodox religion, you don't draw the human figure. It's against the rules.
Azar Nafisi, Things I've Been Silent About: Memories|When the silence of the night becomes the chanting of poetry, the departure of con-cavity
Marla Miniano, Every Girl's Guide to Heartache|Experience has taught me that what you love, you should love all the harder because someday it will be gone.
Kenneth Eade, A Patriot's Act|As mankind becomes more liberal, they will be more apt to allow that all those who conduct themselves as worthy members of the community are equally entitled to the protections of civil government. I hope ever to see America among the foremost nations of justice and liberality.
Warren Buffett|There is only one boss. The customer. And he can fire everybody in the company from the chairman on down, simply by spending his money somewhere else.
Rajasaraswathii, A Diary to win|World is not complex, Intricacy is not in the situations. Intricacy is in our minds.
David O. McKay|The home is the first and most effective place to learn the lessons of life: truth, honor, virtue, self control, the value of education, honest work, and the purpose and privilege of life. Nothing can take the place of home in rearing and teaching children, and no other success can compensate for failure in the home.
Sanhita Baruah|You're back where you swore yourself you wouldn't beThe familiar shackles you can't tell from your own skinYour head's under water when you learned to swimOn a road to hell, congratulations, you're free...
J.K. Rowling|Because if its just you alone, you're not much of a threat.
Terri Windling|Fairy tales are experienced by their hearers and readers, not as realistic, but as symbolic poetry.
Rick Riordan, The Sea of Monsters|Um, dad?" I called "How's it going?""Percy!" Annabeth whispered. "We're in a hurry!
Brigitte Nielsen|If one is desperate for love, I suggest looking at one's friends and family and see if love is all around. If not, get a new set of friends, a new family.
Elle Kennedy, Midnight Rescue|She rubbed her lips over him, then lifted her head to meet his eyes. "Tell me what you like."	"Everything," he choked out. "I like everything you're doing."	"Tell me," she insisted....	Although it nearly killed him to say it, he mumbled, "Start slow. Make me beg for it.
Spiridon Vangheli|When the rain stops falling, the pain comes fooling.
Bryn  Hammond, Amgalant Two: Tribal Brawls|Richard Nixon's conversation was "loaded with so many stories of all the foreign dignitaries he'd called upon in his career that he sounded like a guy who had pinioned his neighbors into watching his vacation slides.
Debasish Mridha|The beauty of a face is transient, but the beauty of a loving heart is everlasting.
Hans Holzer, The Ghost Hunter: Chilling Tales of Real Life Hauntings|Em, I am trying to have an important conversation!" shouted Seylin. "I will not change into a cat!
Sue Monk Kidd, The Mermaid Chair|And I think a long time ago there were big stories. Stories so big you could live your whole life in them. The Powerful Hands of the Gods and Fate. The Journey to Enlightenment. The March of Socialism. But they all died or the world grew up or grew senile or forgot them, so now we're making up our own stories. Little stories. But we've each got one.
Israelmore Ayivor|The fact that you can still stand for God even when some people try to push you to fall, is a proof that you were not DRAGGED Up, but you were BROUGHT Up!
Michael Ende, The Neverending Story|That's just stupid, Tory! Quit being so damn stubborn!”“Not a chance! You've got some kind of death wish! We can't even trust our power lately. They're too erratic for a public heist.”Ben thumped the steering wheel in frustration. “Maybe for you.”I glowered at Ben from the backseat. I'd given Hi shotgun, having sensed this argument was inevitable. I didn't want to be close. The urge to slap might become overpowering.“Why don't we all use our friendly words?” Hi suggested. “Let's take five, and everyone can say something we like about each other. I'll start. Shelton, you're super at——”“Shut up, Hi!” Ben and I shouted, the first thing we'd agreed upon all morning.
Ariel Gore, Bluebird: Women and the New Psychology of Happiness|When we strike a balance between the challenge of an activity and our skill at performing it, when the rhythm of the work itself feels in sync with our pulse, when we know that what we're doing matters, we can get totally absorbed in our task. That is happiness.The life coach Martha Beck asks new potential clients, "Is there anything you do regularly that makes you forget what time it is?" That forgetting -- that pure absorption -- is what the psychologist Mihaly Csikzentmihalyi calls "flow" or optimal experience. In an interview with Wired magazine, he described flow as "being completely involved in an activity for its own sake. The ego falls away. Time flies. Every action, movement and thought follows inevitably from the previous one, like playing jazz. Your whole being is involved, and you're using your skills to the utmost."In a typical day that teeters between anxiety and boredom, flow experiences are those flashes of intense living -- bright against the dull. These optimal experiences can happen when we're engaged in work paid and unpaid, in sports, in music, in art. The researchers Maria Allison and Margaret Duncan have studied the role of flow in women's lives and looked at factors that contributed to what they call "antiflow." Antiflow was associated with repetitive household tasks, repetitive tasks at work, unchallenging tasks, and work we see as meaningless. But there's an element of chaos when it comes to flow. Even if we're doing meaningful and challenging work, that sense of total absoprtion can elude us. We might get completely and beautifully lost in something today, and, try as we might to re-create the same conditions tomorrow, our task might jsut feel like, well, work. In A Life of One's Own, Marion Milner described her effort to re-create teh conditions of her own recorded moments of happiness, saying, "Often when I felt certain that I had discovered the little mental act which produced the change I walked on air, exulting that I had found the key to my garden of delight and could slip through the door whenever I wished. But most often when I came again the place seemed different, the door overgrown with thorns and my key stuck in the lock. It was as if the first time I had said 'abracadabra' the door had opened, but the next time I must use a different word. (123-124).
Panayiotis Zavos|To pin your hopes upon the future is to consign those hopes to a hypothesis, which is to say, a nothingness. Here and now is what we must contend with.
Sarah Bessey, Jesus Feminist: An Invitation to Revisit the Bible’s View of Women|I won’t desecrate beauty with cynicism anymore. I won’t confuse critical thinking with a critical spirit, and I will practice, painfully, over and over, patience and peace until my gentle answers turn away even my own wrath.
Caris Roane, Burning Skies|Now that the house was securely hidden, the fact that he was holed up with Havily sent a wave of heat over his body. I'm not going to be able to keep away from you, he said. Tell me you know that. Tell me you understand.Her eyelids fell to half-mast as she released a deep sigh. Another wave of honeysucke hit him square in the chest. No one is asking you to, Warrior.
Michael Ondaatje, The English Patient|I know exactly what I'm doing, but I just can't stop. That's my greatest weakness.
Lundy Bancroft, Why Does He Do That?: Inside the Minds of Angry and Controlling Men|The abusive man’s high entitlement leads him to have unfair and unreasonable expectations, so that the relationship revolves around his demands. His attitude is: “You owe me.” For each ounce he gives, he wants a pound in return. He wants his partner to devote herself fully to catering to him, even if it means that her own needs—or her children’s—get neglected. You can pour all your energy into keeping your partner content, but if he has this mind-set, he’ll never be satisfied for long. And he will keep feeling that you are controlling him, because he doesn’t believe that you should set any limits on his conduct or insist that he meet his responsibilities.
Roland Barthes, A Lover's Discourse: Fragments|(Love’s atopia, characteristic which causes it to escape all dissertations, would be that *ultimately* it is possible to talk about love only *according to a strict allocutive determination*; whether philosophical, gnomic, lyric, or novelistic, there is always, in the discourse upon love, a person whom one addresses, though this person may have shifted to the condition of a phantom or a creature still to come. No one wants to speak of love unless it is *for* someone.).
Stevie Nicks|My family is Jewish, Buddhist, Baptist and Catholic. I don't believe in man-made religions.
William Keepin, Divine Duality: The Power of Reconciliation Between Women and Men|Delving deeply in this [gender healing] work inevitably takes people on an inner journey, and, if they follow it far enough, they are ultimately let into an awakening of an expansive, all-encompassing love.
oscar bim|The beginning of Greater things starts as a seed. Passion, willingness to learn and tenacity is the key to rising above the average and the mediocre. Keep pushing and the refinery of life will bring out the Gold within you.
Clysta Kinstler, The Moon Under Her Feet|Simon, you gave me no water to wash my feet, but this woman as washed them with her tears. You gave me no kiss, but she has not ceased to kiss my feet. Do no reproach her Simon for you did not anoint my head with oil, but she has anointed me for my burial.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|In every voyage, be fully present.
Jon Ronson, Lost At Sea: The Jon Ronson Mysteries|It's not a remarkable note except for one thing. The typeface Tony used to print it is the exact typeface Kubrick used for the posters and title sequences of 'Eyes Wide Shut' and '2001'.'It's Futura Extra Bold,' explains Tony. 'It was Stanley's favorite typeface. It's sans serif. He liked Helvetica and Univers too. Clean and elegant.''Is this the kind of thing you and Kubrick used to talk about?' I asked.'God, yes,' says Tony. 'Sometimes late into the night. I was always trying to persuade him to turn away from them. But he was wedded to his sans serifs.
Dakota Fanning|Please stop teaching my children that everyone gets a trophy just for participating. What is this, the Nobel Prize? Not everybody gets a trophy.
Barry Schwartz, The Paradox of Choice: Why More Is Less|There was no doubt about it: the City was the culmination of man’s mastery over the environment. Not space travel, not the fifty colonized worlds that were now so haughtily independent, but the City.
Mehmet Murat ildan|No matter how strong you are, there is always another power which can defeat you easily!
Dick Cavett|The enemy of human happiness as well as the cause of poverty and starvation is not the birth of children. It is the failure of people to do with the earth what God could teach them to do if only they would ask and then obey, for they are agents unto themselves.
Walt Whitman|My evanescent anarchistic tendencies are purely classical. I use the word anarchist in the sense in which it was understood by the ancient Greeks. They, of course, accepted the anarchist as a fairly respectable--if somewhat vehement--opponent of government encroachment on the individual's rights to think and act freely. It is in this sense that I glimpse myself as an anarchist--regretting the growth of government and the ever-increasing trend toward regulation and, worst of all, standardization of human activity.
G&A Security|Has any requirement for static security guard in London? Worry not, we are guarding agency and our guards is professionally trained for quick and reliable services. Call immediately, we will answer your call very shortly.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Take care of your life force and always keep it streaming. Always be active and creative, and never ever stop dreaming.
Eli Pariser, The Filter Bubble: What the Internet is Hiding From You|The media's job is to serve as society's referee, throwing down truth flags when uninformed bigots are shouting their opinions into the wind.
Gerry Canavan, Octavia E. Butler|Change biology, and you could change society--but could you change society on its own? Were we as a species simply condemned to permanent misery, all because of how we have evolved?This was the conundrum that the Oankali books had posed to her, and the Parables had been intended (but failed) to solve: How do you create a more sustainable, more benign, more livable society when you're stuck working with human beings?
Gayle Forman, If I Stay|She didn't care that people called her a bitch. 'It's just another word for feminist,' she told me with pride.
Nicole Simone, Love of a Rockstar|Tonight they granted at least one wish,” I whispered, and I lowered my head so our lips drifted over one another. “I love you Adam, no matter how lost you are…or I am…I will only ever love you.
Norman Douglas|We are weighed down, every moment, by the conception and the sensation of Time. And there are but two means of escaping and forgetting this nightmare: pleasure and work. Pleasure consumes us. Work strengthens us. Let us choose.
Jon Kabat-Zinn|One practical way to do this is to look at other people and ask yourself if you are really seeing them of just your thought about them. Sometimes our thoughts act like dream glasses. When we have them on, we see dream children, dream husband, dream wife, dream ob, dream colleagues, dream partners, dream friends. We can live in a dream present for a dream future...But if we take off the glasses, maybe, just maybe, we might see a little more accurately what is actually here.
Eraldo Banovac|The real question is: to whom does the meaning of the art of the past properly belong ? To those who can app|y it to their own lives, or to a cultural hierarchy of relic specialtsts?
Ameya Agrawal|Get me your manager.” Dove held her head high and tried to seem older and more self-assured. The teenager barely registered her request. “Do it now. My friend here is about to crap his pants. Do you want to smell it?” Dove slapped her hands down on the counter, snapping the life into the girl. “Do you want to smell his shit?
Robert Gately|It’s not the destination (of seeking the truth) that creates our dignity or integrity, it’s the journey. From Messages From a Grandfather, by Robert Gately
Debasish Mridha|Love has no monetary value, but life has no value without love.
Richard Dawkins|Early childhood education is an urgent educational, economic and moral imperative. Without it, we face a long-term national economic security crisis.
Angelos Michalopoulos, The man who has only one truth in him|We not only don’t have fun with what we are supposed to enjoy,but whatever we don’t enjoy has started having fun with us.
Sam Wineburg, Historical Thinking and Other Unnatural Acts: Charting the Future of Teaching the Past|Texts are not "processed" as much as they are resurrected, and the image of reader and information processor or computer device, which often dominates current discussions of reading, seems less apt than another metaphor: the reader as necromancer.
Gayle Forman, I Was Here|It is good to be brave, it is better to be good; strive to be both.
Herbert Simon|All of a sudden, if you think about the entire ecosystem of connected devices that can pull down information, access content and allow me to share and work and communicate, the vast majority now are not Windows computers. They are iPhones. They are iPads. They are Android devices.
Pooja Ruprell|Whatever you do, listen for your inner voice. Do not ignore it.
Christopher Pike, Fall Into Darkness|One of them hasn't got a uniform on or plainclothes either like the rest. He has on the white coat that is my nightmare and my horror. And in the crotch of one arm he is upending two long poles intertwined with canvas.The long-drawn-out death within life. The burial-alive of the mind, covering it over with fresh graveyard earth each time it tries to struggle through to the light. In this kind of death you never finish dying.("New York Blues")
Rosie Pugh|The sad thing about miracles is that they’re unique. They can’t be explained, or shared, or duplicated. And they absolutely cannot be captured and made to perform on demand. If that day ever came, our world would die for lack of wonder.
George Orwell, A Collection of Essays|There are books that one reads over and over again, books that become part of the furniture of one’s mind and alter one’s whole attitude to life, books that one dips into but never reads through, books that one reads at a single sitting and forgets a week later:
Charles de Leusse|You are the source of the sun.And I am the willow's shadow. Oh, you have struck me on the head,Wretch that I am, on fire am I.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|You are not responsible for the past, but insofar as you do nothing, you are complicit in the present created by it.
sol michael|I've come to learn, and to establish mine in that same place i come from. Staying in my school place makes me always a student.
J.T. Bock, A Surefire Way|I hadn't realized she could shrink... It makes sense now with the tricks Ari was able to perform with her.""She wasn't born that way. Her mother was a scientist working to reduce subatomic particles.""And whose mom isn't?" Raven joked. "Was Rick Moranis involved somehow?
Melissa de la Cruz, The Van Alen Legacy|I'm talking to myself in two different personas now. I'm reaching for a full-throttle meltdown and why not? Why stop halfway? Why not just go for it, jump on and ride the wave?
Dennis Potter, The Singing Detective|This misfortune you find is of your own manufacture.Keep hold of what you have, it will harm no other,for hatred comes home to the hand that chose it.
Ashley Madau|I don't know if i can," I said, looking up into Archer's eyes. "Honestly, Archer....I'm tired of being scared, tired of loving you on one hand and hating you on the other.
Jose Marti|Just because you're not famous, doesn't mean you're not good.
Kresley Cole, The Warlord Wants Forever|Wroth, darling,” she purred, smiling so sweetly. “I can’t wait for the next time I get to put my mouth on you.” In an instant the smile faded and she snapped her teeth and yanked her head back as if she was chewing something free.
C.D. Wright, Cooling Time: An American Poetry Vigil|If the incision of our words amounts to nothing but a feeling, a slow motion, it will still cut a better swath than the factory model, the corporate model, the penitentiary model, which by my lights are one and the same.
Prashant Balan|They walked away from the sea, Rolandsen in the lead. He kept to the edge of the road, in the snow, to leave room for the others. He was wearing light, fashionable shoes, but seemed unperturbed; he even had his coat unbuttoned in the chilly May wind. ’So that’s the church!’ said the curate. ’It looks old. I don’t suppose there’s a stove in it?’ asked his wife. ’I couldn’t say,’ Rolandsen replied, ’but I don’t think so.
Winston S. Churchill|So I think that life is sort of like a drumbeat. It has a rhythm and sometimes it’s fast and sometimes it’s slower, and maybe what’s happening is this drumbeat is just accelerating and it’s gotten to the point where I can’t hear between the beats anymore and it’s just a hum.
Cindy M. Miller, Is That All There Is...The Journey Within|The truth is tucked inside of me, it is what I want the world to see. But do youy see it in me, oh just let it all be. I am happy being me.
Catherynne M. Valente, Radiance|I stumbled up the hill back toward the Hab. As I crested the rise, I saw something that made me very happy and something that made me very sad: The Hab was intact (yay!) and the MAV was gone (boo!).
Aminatta Forna, The Memory of Love|Directly beneath the Lotus Pond of Paradise lay the lower depths of Hell, and as He peered through the crystalline waters, He could see the River of Three Crossings and the Mountain of Needles as clearly as if He were viewing pictures in a peep-box.
Marlo Thomas|Walking is magic. Can't recommend it highly enough. I read that Plato and Aristotle did much of their brilliant thinking together while ambulating. The movement, the meditation, the health of the blood pumping, and the rhythm of footsteps... this is a primal way to connect with one's deeper self.
Noomi Rapace|I've certainly not got any famous people's numbers on my phone. It's just not my thing, really.
Sukanya Venkatraghavan, Dark Things|The mirror sighed and spoke in a tone tinged with melancholy. Its language was old and not of any of the worlds known or unknown.What you dream, what you darkly desire,Find it by trial or by fire.Seek it high and seek it low,Search the skies or the realms below.Look everywhere but beware,The deepest magic, the strongest spellWill not change what the stars foretell.
Stephen Richards|Minds are like flowers, they only open when the time is right.
Shilpa Shetty|I did not want windows, only skylights. I chose my painting wall as it has the best morning light.
Sister Souljah, No Disrespect|I was beautiful; after all, my skin was as rich and dark as wet, brown mud, a complexion that any and every pale white girl would pray for - that is, if she believed in God. My butt sat high in the air and my hips obviously gave birth to Creation. Titties like mangoes, firm, sweet, and ready. My thighs and legs were big and powerful, kicking Vanna White and Cindy Crawford to the curb.
Maud Hart Lovelace|Perhaps they never die at all. I quite believe that myself, and it is a comfort, don't you think? That there is a place where no one ever grows old?
Cornelia Funke, Inkdeath|Elinor had read countless stories in which the main characters fell sick at some point because they were so unhappy. She had always thought that a very romantic idea, but she’d dismissed it as a pure invention of the world of books. All those wilting heroes and heroines who suddenly gave up the ghost just because of unrequited love or longing for something they’d lost! Elinor had always enjoyed their sufferings—as a reader will. After all, that was what you wanted from books: great emotions you’d never felt yourself, pain you could leave behind by closing the book if it got too bad. Death and destruction felt deliciously real conjured up with the right words, and you could leave them behind between the pages as you pleased, at no cost or risk to yourself.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you teach your children, teach them the Truth of God.
Alyson Noel, Blue Moon|You can’t go back, Ever. You can’t change the past. It just is. . . . This is our destiny. Not yours.
Austin Scott Collins, Crass Casualty (The Victoria da Vinci novels)|Whatever. There is a natural order to things, a hierarchy. And no less so in man. For man may be the master of nature, but he is also part of it. Every living thing, from the greatest of all men to the lowliest earthworm has its place. It is very important that the groundhog not think he is tiger, nor a sparrow believe he is a hawk. A frog would not make a very good shark, would it? One must know their place in the world" ~ Baroness von Berge, Greta Greaves of Austria
Ophelia London, Kissing Her Crush|I can taste sunshine and hope on his tongue. I want this kiss, this taste, to last forever.
Corazon Aquino|And I always like to stress, it's not a quota, not a set-aside, it's not about race, it's about giving opportunities to demonstrate their abilities to do work with the Federal Government.
Brad    Watson, Last Days of the Dog-Men: Stories|If you taught me to read and provided for me the same computer system as someone has provided for Stephen Hawking, I, too, would write great books. And yet you don't teach me to read, and you don't give me a computer stick I can push around with my nose to point at the next letter I wish typed. So whose fault is it that I am what I am?
Socrates|I decided that it was not wisdom that enabled [poets] to write their poetry, but a kind of instinct or inspiration, such as you find in seers and prophets who deliver all their sublime messages without knowing in the least what they mean.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, Mirror|People talk and people listen, but very few care enough to help.
Lisa Kleypas, Love in the Afternoon|We assured Phelan that we were more than happy to let him have you and your menagerie,” Leo retorted.“After that, he said he needed to think.”“About what?” Beatrix demanded. “What is there to think about? Why is it taking him so long to make a decision?”“He’s a man, dear,” Amelia explained kindly. “Sustained thinking is very difficult for them.
Subbu Peteti, Anti-Aging Secrets on the Highway|To reduce your age,increase your experiences.
Jessica Calla, She Laughs In Pink|When you surround yourself with dramatic people, your life will be full of drama.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|No, I'm serious," Frankie insisted, fed up with being silenced. "Why didn't you just make me a normie?"Viktor sighed. "Because that's not who we are. We're special. And I'm very proud that. You should be, too.""Proud?" Frankie spat out the word as if it had been soaked in nail polish remover. "How can I be proud when everyone is telling me to hide?""I'm telling you to hide so you'll be safe. But you can still feel proud of who you are," he explained, like it really was that simple. "Pride has to come from within you and stay with you, no matter what people say."Huh?Frankie crossed her arms and looked away.
F.K. Preston, The Artist, The Audience and a Man Called Nothing|The truth is there isn’t anything to me at all. All I know is that I can’t sleep well, I can’t dream well and I’m quite in love with you. That’s all there is to me. My greatest feature is my admiration for you. I know it’s not healthy. Like my insomnia. Like my dreamless nights. You make living alright. My nightmares come when I think of a night without Valeria. That’s when I realise you’re dead. That’s when I remember you’ve been gone for years. That’s when I remember I’m awake. And I wait for this dream called Life to leave me to my peace once and for all and forever.
Alana Massey, All the Lives I Want: Essays About My Best Friends Who Happen to Be Famous Strangers|I took a deep breath and listened to the old brag of my heart.” I struggle to think of any line of thinking more linked to being a socialized female than to consider the declaration of simply existing to feel like a form of bragging. But that, of course, is the plight of the feeling girl: to be told again and again that her very existence is something not worth declaring.
Nina Garcia|There really are so many lines of work that you can join that don't have to only be design. And that was one that particularly interested me a lot, because the editors could appreciate all the trends, all the designs and all the work of the designers.
Sara Sheridan, British Bulldog|To sit indoors was silly. I postponed the search for Savchenko and Ludmila till the next day and went wandering about Paris. The men wore bowlers, the women huge hats with feathers. On the café terraces lovers kissed unconcernedly - I stopped looking away. Students walked along the boulevard St. Michel. They walked in the middle of the street, holding up traffic, but no one dispersed them. At first I thought it was a demonstration - but no, they were simply enjoying themselves. Roasted chestnuts were being sold. Rain began to fall. The grass in the Luxembourg gardens was a tender green. In December! I was very hot in my lined coat. (I had left my boots and fur cap at the hotel.) There were bright posters everywhere. All the time I felt as though I were at the theatre.
Unknown|You can work hard,But if you don't work smarterYou 'll work hard for the rest of your life.
Jon Krakauer, Into the Wild|So many people live within unhappy circumstances and yet will not take the initiative to change their situation because they are conditioned to a life of security, conformity, and conservatism, all of which may appear to give one peace of mind, but in reality nothing is more dangerous to the adventurous spirit within a man than a secure future. The very basic core of a man’s living spirit is his passion for adventure. The joy of life comes from our encounters with new experiences, and hence there is no greater joy than to have an endlessly changing horizon, for each day to have a new and different sun.
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|Are you not tired of yourself? Are you not unhappy about it all? every day is like a monotonous movie, it starts when you wake up and nothing ever happens, no plot twists, no significant words, no stirring eyes, no gladdening words, absolute nothingness, woeful emptiness...and it gets worse and worse, no happy ending is to be witnessed any time soon, only consecutive tragedies, devouring whatever is left of our hearts, harrowing whatever is left in our minds, pushing our thoughts to rift, to strive against one another, as though the mind is a battlefield, and all our thoughts are opponents...my heart and mind and all the battles in between, which side will be the prey at the end?Maybe we will never know and maybe we will, soon enough
Kalyan C. Kankanala, Fun IP, Fundamentals of Intellectual Property|A Patent is a Grant, but Inventorship is a Right
David Beaty|Novels can tell us so much about life. They have the power to enrich our own lives in so many different ways. They're not just for entertaining us, although that would be enough.
Libba Bray, A Great and Terrible Beauty|Eleanor looked up, surprised; the little girl was sliding back in her chair, sullenly refusing her milk, while her father frowned and her brother giggled and her mother said calmly, 'She wants her cup of stars.'Indeed yes, Eleanor thought; indeed, so do I; a cup of stars, of course.'Her little cup,' the mother was explaining, smiling apologetically at the waitress, who was thunderstruck at the thought that the mill's good country milk was not rich enough for the little girl. 'It has stars in the bottom, and she always drinks her milk from it at home. She calls it her cup of stars because she can see the stars while she drinks her milk.' The waitress nodded, unconvinced, and the mother told the little girl, 'You'll have your milk from your cup of stars tonight when we get home. But just for now, just to be a very good little girl, will you take a little milk from this glass?'Don't do it, Eleanor told the little girl; insist on your cup of stars; once they have trapped you into being like everyone else you will never see your cup of stars again; don't do it; and the little girl glanced at her, and smiled a little subtle, dimpling, wholly comprehending smile, and shook her head stubbornly at the glass. Brave girl, Eleanor thought; wise, brave girl.
Isabel Allende, My Invented Country : A Nostalgic Journey Through Chile|My worst flaw is that I tell secrets, my own and everybody else's. 
Ayn Rand|I know that we will be judged in history by not only how we disrupt terrorism but how we protect the civil liberties and constitutional rights of all Americans, even Americans who don't wish us well. We must do all these things exceptionally well.
Nabil N. Jamal|Competition in business is a blessing, for without it, we wouldn't be motivated to improve.
Connie Willis, The Best of Connie Willis: Award-Winning Stories|We do our job and go. See? That is what Death is for. We work out all our little brains and all our little emotions, and then this lot begins afresh. Fresh and fresh! Perfectly simple. What's the trouble?
Rachael Wade, Love and Relativity|Simon stopped breathing until her forefinger touched his nipple, and then his hand shot up to cover hers. "I want you," he said.Her eyes flicked downward, and her lips curved ever so slightly. "I know.""No," he groaned, pulling her closer. "I want to be in your heart. I want-" His entire body shuddered when their skin touched. "I want to be in your soul.
Clarissa Pinkola Estés|A woman carries her inner life - lugs it around or holds it in fumes that both poison and bless her - while nourishing another's inner life, many others actually, while never revealing too much madness, or, possibly, never revealing where she stores it: her island of lost mind.
Rob Sheffield|Aside from communications satellites, space is devoid of industry.
Dave Goulson|Ugly or beautiful, it is the little creatures that make the world go round. We should celebrate and appreciated them in all their wonderful diversity.
Norman Vincent Peale, The Power of Positive Thinking|If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.
Isaac Mizrahi|And I think women have come a very, very long way, but they have a long way to go.
Nicole Kidman|We believe that the farm should be building 'forgiveness' into the ecosystem. What does that mean? That a more forgiving ecosystem is one that can better handle drought, flood, disease, pestilence.
Michael   Lewis, Moneyball: The Art of Winning an Unfair Game|The sheer quantity of brain power that hurled itself voluntarily and quixotically into the search for new baseball knowledge was either exhilarating or depressing, depending on how you felt about baseball. The same intellectual resources might have cured the common cold, or put a man on Pluto.
William Shakespeare, As You Like It|Shakespeare,” he thought as he scribbled away. “Foolish fancy. This is life as it is lived.
Christine Fonseca, Transcend|There are few things I hate more than feeling weak. Needing help or failing top the list. The worst, however, is knowing that all three just happened.
Charles Lambert, The Children's Home|It has many forms, not all of which look like what you see in movies.
Mensah Oteh|The roots of the abundant life may seem bitter, but its fruits are sweet.
Leslie Esdaile, Love Notes|Because you are not scared to admit out loud that you're afraid. Or to ask questions... and because you know that your husband is in pain, you will go to him and not threaten his ability to provide with words that cut and burn in another's mind forever, until death do you apart. Because you will tell him that its right for him to change profession and that it is not his fault that the shoe he first brought to your marriage no longer fits. You'll say that you don't care what your parents think , or people think, and material things can always be replaced, but not him. And because you will have the patience and wisdom to understand everything that he is afraid of, you'll kiss his boo-boos instead of rubbing salt in the wounds of his failures...
Justine Larbalestier, Zombies Vs. Unicorns|The job of every generation is to discover the flaws of the one that came before it. That's part of growing up, figuring out all the ways your parents and their friends are broken.
Rebecca Solnit|The thing the nature of which is totally unknown to you is usually what you need to find, and finding it is a matter of getting lost. The word "lost" comes from the Old Norse los, meaning the disbanding of an army, and this origin suggests soldiers falling out of formation to go home, a truce with the wide world. I worry now that many people never disband their armies, never go beyond what they know.
John Mayer|Nobody prepares you for what happens when you get famous, and I didn't handle it well.
Ernest Hemingway, Selected Letters 1917-1961|My name is Skippito Friskito. (clap-clap)I fear not a single bandito. (clap-clap)My manners are mellow,I'm sweet like the Jell-o,I get the job done, yes indeed-o. (clap-clap)
Suzannah  Rowntree, Pendragon's Heir|I have fled from the wilderness fasting, with woe and unflagging travail,I have sought for the light on the mountain, and skirted the devilish dale. I have laid my mouth in the dust, and begged the Might to be kind,I have come to the feast, and I famish. Now grant me the Holy Grail.
Margo T. Rose, The Words|I know I've got no reason to be crying;I know that there is nowhere left to run.I know that there's no reason to be hiding,I'm just mad at everyone; mad at everyone.
Georgi Y. Johnson, I Am Here: Opening the Windows of Life and Beauty|Why would you want to appear as one thing and be another? If you are a warrior then you are a warrior and if you are not a warrior then you are not a warrior. The Way of the warrior is the Way of the warrior. To be a warrior, look like a warrior and stand like a warrior. Do not be false to yourself.
Ernst Cassirer, An Essay on Man: An Introduction to a Philosophy of Human Culture|There is no rule in this universe,which could rule this mighty Creation of that almighty Creator and that's why exceptions are always there.
David Thewlis|I have the ordinary experience of being anonymous when I'm in an airplane talking to air-traffic control, and they don't know who they're talking to. I have a lot of common experiences.
Michael  Jackson|In their innocence, very young children know themselves to be light and love. If we will allow them, they can teach us to see ourselves the same way. 
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|The face of everyone in mine,the oneness with every blade of grass,the flight with the flocks in the sky, the dance with the clouds across endless skies.The strength with every tree,rooting deep into mother earth,springing forth into the heavens,extending branches of gratitude and love....Such a privilege, honor and grace,such a gift and joy.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón|And envy, envious of a time when the poet, the mystic, the scientist and the statesman were nobler than the merchant.
Tami B Harriott|Ludlow put a hand on his arm. "A friend of mine used to say, 'You cannot change the past, but every moment is an opportunity to change your future.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Perhaps they'd been conditioned by all the quarantines and blackouts, all the invisible boundaries CSIRA erected on a moment's notice. The rules changed from one second to the next, the rug could get pulled out just because the wind blew some exotic weed outside its acceptable home range. You couldn't fight something like that, you couldn't fight the wind. All you could do was adapt. People were evolving into herd animals.Or maybe just accepting that that's what they'd always been.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Good Poems for Hard Times|The heights by great men reached and kept were not attained in sudden flight but, they while their companions slept, they were toiling upwards in the night.
Harper Lee|Everybody’s gotta learn, nobody’s born knowing.
Joanna Macy and Chris Johnstone|When we move in a direction that touches our heart, we add to the momentum of deeper purpose that makes us feel more alive.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Christmas is not something that sprang from the musings of some person who creatively devised caricatures of elves, spiraling candy canes, visions of a magical city whose foundation was nestled in the far reaches of the North Pole, or embellishments of a kindly bishop spun by myth into a bearded old man in a red suit.
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|Do you think we find Jesus, or does He find us?" (140+Likes on FB)
Richard Branson, Losing My Virginity: How I've Survived, Had Fun, and Made a Fortune Doing Business My Way|We have already seen that when positive authority suggests a change in behavior, the recipient will accept it provided he is capable of doing so and provided it does not require drastic modification of belief or frustrate important needs. By carrying out the suggestion, one can simultaneously reduce dissonance and preserve intact one's relation to positive authority. But what can reasonably be expected when the suggestion to change is beyond the recipient's capability or frustrates his deep needs or predispositions? In such a situation, a conflict arises between his desire to comply with authority and the abilities or needs which make compliance impossible.One way to resolve such a conflict situation (or to reduce the dissonance) is to change one's conception of authority. If a suggestion emanating from positive authority is unacceptable, the conflict may be removed by becoming disaffected with the authority and transforming it either into a negative authority or into a nonexistent one. This is exactly what Leon and Joseph did.
Aaron Sorkin, The West Wing Script Book|This one god could be of the deistic or pantheistic sort. Deism might be superior in explaining why God has seemingly left us to our own devices and pantheism could be the more logical option as it fits well with the ontological argument's 'maximally-great entity' and doesn't rely on unproven concepts about 'nothing' (as in 'creation out of nothing'). A mixture of the two, pandeism, could be the most likely God-concept of all.
Tim W. Burke, The Flesh Sutra|Laura Ingalls Wilder said, “Home is the nicest place there is.
Marya Hornbacher, Madness: A Bipolar Life|When you are mad, mad like this, you don't know it. Reality is what you see. When what you see shifts, departing from anyone else's reality, it's still reality to you.
Peter Walsh|God gives abilities, talents and gifts to help you get established in your territory.
Kylie Jenner|All happy families resemble one another, each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.
Vikram Singh Slathia|If God grace can only come through slaughtering animals, then their is no need of god.No one is above t humanity.
Federico Chini, The Sea Of Forgotten Memories|Your father calls you to his court. You need not pack. You go garbed in glorious raiment. He waits eagerly by his palace doors to welcome you, and has prepared a place at the high table, by his side, in the company of the great-souled, honored, and best-beloved.
Susan Griffin, A Chorus of Stones: The Private Life of War|This is often the way one moves into the future. For what you begin to see, there is no ready language. If you were to remain silent, listen, perhaps in response you might be able to move in a new way. Glide into it slowly, aware of every slight difference, skin and cells intelligent, reading. But trained as you are in certain regimens, chances are you proceed directly according to the old patterns, trying again what was tried before.
Francis de Sales|Mothers should be very careful what type of boys and men they create, or allow to be created.
Robert A. Caro, Master of the Senate|The breath of life of the Senate is, of course, continuity,
Matthew Stewart|Happiness is nothing but good health and freedom, and money is the single best way you can buy your freedom.
David Fincher|I was dirt-poor. I could barely hold down a job. Eventually, though, I started getting small parts on shows like 'Smallville,' 'Supernatural'... and lots of really bad sci-fi movies. I was running around the woods in wolf contacts, covered in fake blood made out of pancake syrup, roaring.
Roy T. Bennett|Comfort zone: simply means the routine of one’s daily life – it is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure.
Mark O'Connell, To Be a Machine: Adventures Among Cyborgs, Utopians, Hackers, and the Futurists Solving the Modest Problem of Death|The odds seemed pretty long from where I was standing, certainly, but then again, I reminded myself, the history of science was in many ways an almanac of highly unlikely victories.
Cassandra Clare, Lady Midnight|I don’t know,” Mark said, looking down at his own long pale fingers tangled in the little boy’s brown curls. “He just – Julian left, and Tavvy fell asleep on my lap.”He sounded amazed, wondering.“Of course he did,” Cristina said. “He’s your brother. He trusts you.”“Nobody trusts a Hunter,” Mark said.
|There is no denial that you have the right to dream as big as you can possibly desire, but you must also be willing and able to work as hard as your dream requires.
Friedrich Nietzsche, The Gay Science|What, if some day or night a demon were to steal after you into your loneliest loneliness and say to you: 'This life as you now live it and have lived it, you will have to live once more and innumerable times more' ... Would you not throw yourself down and gnash your teeth and curse the demon who spoke thus? Or have you once experienced a tremendous moment when you would have answered him: 'You are a god and never have I heard anything more divine.
Rebecca Harrington, I'll Have What She's Having: My Adventures in Celebrity Dieting|They may also ask that you bring certain types of food, alcohol, or tobacco on a regular basis. It must be noted that although djinn in their natural state might be composed of plasma, most of them can take a physical shape for short periods of time. This means that a djinni is able to take in nourishment by absorbing energy or consuming food. It's thought that many djinn enjoy the "taste" of a variety of our everyday foods, especially ice cream and fruits. Human foods only partially provide subsistence, however: djinn must get most of their nourishment by absorbing various types of energy from living things.
Nikki Rowe|Don't let your tragedies fool you, they were never meant to alter your path; just re-pave your direction. Spend time nurturing the things that once tore you apart and you will find within you, your most empowering strength.
Robert Gottlieb|I don't really even go out that much now, except to walk my dogs, because I don't want to be recognised. I used to be a really friendly person, and now I just want to be invisible. I liked myself much more before I got famous. I was much friendlier and had more energy.
Tryon Edwards|Duty performed gives clearness and firmness to faith, and faith thus strengthened through duty becomes the more assured and satisfying to the soul.
Cora Carmack, Losing It|Then, slowly, like the sunrise peeking over the horizon, she smiled.She snapped the box closed.She didn’t scream. She didn’t run. She didn’t faint.There might have been a little crying.But mostly… she danced.
Richard Lloyd Parry, Ghosts of the Tsunami: Death and Life in Japan’s Disaster Zone|The moment you will be most stiff is when you die - you never get stiffer than that. So you've got to sleep well, eat well and keep moving.
Erik Pevernagie|Memory may be pig-headed and want us to follow its whims along the blips and dips of our time line. ( "All the words he always wanted to tell her.")
Lolly Daskal, The Leadership Gap: What Gets Between You and Your Greatness|Within each of us are two competing sides, a polarity of character. Only one leads to greatness.
Yukihiro Matsumoto|When a judge assumes the power to decide which distinctions made in a statute are legitimate and which are not, he assumes the power to disapprove of any and all legislation, because all legislation makes distinctions.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|An exceptional brand culture has the effect of a charm, it entices and binds people.
Ezra Pound|Truth always originates in a minority of one, and every custom begins as a broken precedent.
Alexandra Katehakis, Mirror of Intimacy: Daily Reflections on Emotional and Erotic Intelligence|Besides, morality is not about whether the human race survives, but about what kind of survival it gets. We marry; guppies don't. We don't eat our young; they do. Yet neither species is in danger of extinction.
Amanda Harlech|What motivates me is seeing people in the crowd and wondering what they're going home to and what they're dealing with, and knowing that for the time being we're their escape.
Marie Rutkoski, The Winner's Kiss|If he didn’t care about you, you couldn’t upset him,” Liza tells Bod.
Debasish Mridha|When I found you, I found my world where I can get lost without any reason.
Jennifer duBois, A Partial History of Lost Causes|We are inscrutable even to ourselves, I suppose.
Richard Dawkins, The God Delusion|As soon as he reflected seriously he was convinced of the existence of God and immortality, and at once he instinctively said to himself: "I want to live for immortality, and I will accept no compromise." In the same way, if he had decided that God and immortality did not exist, he would have at once become an atheist and a socialist. For socialism is not merely the labor question, it is before all things the atheistic question, the question of the form taken by atheism to-day, the question of the tower of Babel built without God, not to mount to heaven from earth but to set up heaven on earth.
Emily St. John Mandel, Station Eleven|I was thinking earlier that to know this city you must first become penniless, because pennilessness (real pennilessness, I mean not having $2 for the subway) forces you to walk everywhere and you see the city best on foot.
F.K. Preston|I am a deeply uncertain individual. I often find myself acting like a fool to make the people around me laugh. When they’re laughing, they’re not watching me quite as closely. I smile to put people at ease. But what if I opened my mouth one day, spoke my actual thoughts, and the people glared at my opinions? What if they thought me disgusting or frightening or ugly because of my words? Would you keep your lips shut for the rest of your life to not face that judgment? Just for the sake of someone else’s comfort? For these strangers, who I will never know? If I can’t speak then I’ll write. These strangers, whose opinions crush me, will be forced to listen. Because when they read my words those words will make a home within their heads. They may even end up using my own opinions against me. But at least I’ll be hidden behind the pages of a book.
Ashlee Willis, A Wish Made of Glass|Do not lose your heart," she said. What she did not tell me was that the surest way to lose it was to hold it tight.
Alexandra Stoddard, The Shared Wisdom of Mothers and Daughters: The Timelessness of Simple Truths|He pulled his hand back, aware now that sweat beaded on his forehead and that Rale watched him, his eyes dark, intense. Errol licked his lips. Did he want a drink? He hadn't gone more than two days in a row without a drink since he was...since...Warrel...the quarry...stone.
Allie Burke, Violet Midnight|Elias could not have prepared himself for the moment that he walked into that cottage and laid his eyes on her. Her emerald green eyes--the way they gazed upon him like there were no surroundings or time or sounds to distract her, like he was all that existed.
Allan Amanyire|History, Geology, Psychology, Philosophy, Chemistry, Physics, Theology, Mathematics, Technology, Sociology, Biology, and the list goes on and on. If all this body of knowledge exist for human consumption, why would I specialize in only one field?
Sunday Adelaja|I would be quite wise to realize that I will never craft a solution that will be the ‘end-all,’ and that God’s ability to craft perfect solutions never ends ‘at-all.
Stephen Batchelor, Confession of a Buddhist Atheist|We took a bus to the nearby monastery of one of the last great Tang dynasty Chan masters, Yun-men. Yun-men was known for his pithy “one word” Zen. When asked “What is the highest teaching of the Buddha?” he replied: “An appropriate statement.” On another occasion, he answered: “Cake.” I admired his directness.
Amit Kalantri|True humanity demands that every human should be loved equally, but if that's not possible for you then at least love whoever you wants to but respect everyone.
Lady Sophia Fermor, Woman Not Inferior to Man: Or, a Short and Modest Vindication of the Natural Right of the Fair-Sex to a Perfect Equality of Power, Dignity and Esteem with the Men|There will be great reason to suspect the Men of jealousy; and it cannot be rash to say, that their only reason for locking up from us all the avenues of knowledge, is the fear of our excelling them in it. (...) Had we the same advantages of study allowed us which the Men have, there is no room to doubt but we should at least keep pace with them in the sciences, and every useful knowledge. It can only then be a mean dastardly jealousy in them to exclude us from those advantages, in which we have so natural a right to emulate them.
Colson Whitehead, The Underground Railroad|Freedom was a thing that shifted as you looked at it, the way a forest is dense with the trees up close but from the outside, from the empty meadow, you see its true limits. Being free had nothing to do with chains or how much space you had. On the plantation, she was not free, but she moved unrestricted on its acres, tasting the air and tracing the summer stars. The place was big in its smallness. Here, she was free of her master but slunk around a warren so tiny she couldn't stand.
Sidney Brenner|Progress in science depends on new techniques, new discoveries and new ideas, probably in that order.
Ilona Andrews, Fate's Edge|Did I hurt you in the parking lot?""No, m'lady. I fell, so I could put a tracker on your car."Great.
Dorothy Koomson, Marshmallows for Breakfast|To know other people thought he'd made a mistake vindicated me. I wasn't a bad girlfriend, he was simply going through a period of temporary insanity and he'd come to his senses soon.
Dada Bhagwan|Anything you strive to correct, it will increasingly become wrong. So just let go of that which does not turn out right.
Julian Barnes, Flaubert's Parrot|Remember the botched brothel-visit in L’Education sentimentale and remember its lesson. Do not participate: happiness lies in the imagination, not the act. Pleasure is found first in anticipation, later in memory.
Danica McKellar|I've been blessed; I've been getting so many amazing opportunities because of the UFC. I know there are going to be haters no matter how successful I am, and I just have to be thankful for all the blessings that I have because all of it can be over before you know it.
Robert M. Edsel, The Monuments Men: Allied Heroes, Nazi Thieves, and the Greatest Treasure Hunt in History|Destiny is not one push, she thought as she waited to cross a quiet street on that cold Paris evening years later, but a thousand small moments that through insight and hard work you line up in the right direction, like the magnet does the metal shavings.
Bruce Weinstein|there was perhaps a strain of humility that was more common then than now, that there was a moral ecology, stretching back centuries but less prominent now, encouraging people to be more skeptical of their desires, more aware of their own weaknesses, more intent on combatting the flaws in their own natures and turning weakness into strength.
Penelope Douglas, Punk 57|Misha, my best friend who got me into bed and fucked me with a lie.
Henry Hon, ONE: Unfolding God's Eternal Purpose from House to House|Believers can search the Scriptures on their own, and allow the Word of God, coinciding with the Holy Spirit, to enlighten their understanding, and open their spiritual eyes.
A.P. Sweet, dead, but dreaming|When the last female dies, the gateway to the earth closes to man.
Stephen Lewis|Marriage equality is coming, and not merely to a theater near you.
Nathanaël, Sisyphus, Outdone.: Theatres of the Catastrophal|To sum up - i f you want to be more creat ive, star t loving yoursel f enough to giveyoursel f permission to fai l . In fact , bet ter yet , don' t even wor ry about winning orlosing. Just DO.
Michael N. Castle|I think Princess Diana probably had the most famous haircut, or Farrah Fawcett or Jennifer Aniston.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|To be honorable, you have to make sacrifices for others.
Ally Condie, Atlantia|But then I realize that even if I did have a soul, it’s not as though someone else would be there. It would only be more of me.
Storm Constantine|The Gelaming regarded themselves as a force for good, and in many ways they were, but they were also inexorable and their compassion could often feel like oppression.
Delilah Fawkes, At His Service|Careful, Love. You can't offer a starving man a feast and expect him not to take you up on it.
Tommy Hilfiger|I wore goofy hats to school and did musical theater. Most people thought I was a dork. But if you have a sense of humor about it, no one can bring you down.
Chris Kraus, I Love Dick|Desire isn't lack, it's surplus energy - a claustrophobia inside your skin -.
Black Elk, Black Elk Speaks: Being the Life Story of a Holy Man of the Oglala Sioux|Perhaps you have noticed that even in the slightest breeze you can hear the voice of the cottonwood tree; this we understand is its prayer to the Great Spirit, for not only men, but all things and all beings pray to Him continually in different ways.
Akilnathan Logeswaran|For while the tired waves, vainly breaking, Seem here no painful inch to gain, Far back, through creeks and inlets making, Comes silent, flooding in, the main. And not by eastern windows only, When daylight comes, comes in the light; In front the sun climbs slow, how slowly! But westward, look, the land is bright!
Julieanne O'Connor|Vested in fear, frightened of failure, but beyond that I choose to surrender to my fated success.
Sherwood Anderson, A Story Teller's Story|One does so hate to admit that the average woman is kinder, finer, more quick of sympathy and on the whole so much more first class than the average man.
John Steinbeck, East of Eden|There's no question winter here can take a chunk out of you. Not like the extreme cold of the upper Midwest or the round-the-clock darkness of Alaska might, but rather the opposite. Here, it's a general lack of severity - monotonous flat gray skies and the constant drip-drip of misty rain - that erodes the spirit.
Marcel Proust, Jean Santeuil|All the while that Jean was listening to him, he was vaguely conscious that what gives literature its reality is the result of work accomplished by the human spirit, no matter what the material facts that may have stimulated it (a walk, a night of love, a social drama), of a sort of discovery in the world of the spirit, of the emotions, made by the human intelligence, so that the value of a book is never in the material presented by the writer, but in the nature of the operation he performs upon it.
Gustav Mahler|I love electronic music, and I love drum and bass.
Debasish Mridha|Kindness is the universal language of pure love, so let us express ourselves with kindness.
Julius Lester, The Autobiography of God|The burden of this world is too great for one man to bear, and the world’s sorrow too heavy for one heart to suffer.
Elizabeth Peters, Tomb of the Golden Bird|Everything in life has some risk, and what you have to actually learn to do is how to navigate it.
Muhammad Yunus, Banker to the Poor: Micro-Lending and the Battle Against World Poverty|If you go out into the real world, you cannot miss seeing that the poor are poor not because they are untrained or illiterate but because they cannot retain the returns of their labor. They have no control over capital, and it is the ability to control capital that gives people the power to rise out of poverty.
Will Rogers|Smiling is definitely one of the best beauty remedies. If you have a good sense of humor and a good approach to life, that's beautiful.
Celso Cukierkorn, Secrets of Jewish Wealth Revealed!|Things change, not only in one’s life but also in the economyand on the political scene, and it pays to be aware. Is the foundationof your financial house secure, with an income that isguaranteed? Have you built solid walls, investing appropriately,and keeping inflation at bay? Are you living under a reliableroof, with assets positioned to grow? Is your house insulatedand sturdy, safe from any economic storm?
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|If I were standing right beside her, I probably would have heard her heart breaking. It would have sounded like the cracking of a wooden bat connecting with a baseball. No, that was too clean of a break. It would have sounded like rain from a powerful thunderstorm pounding on a tin roof. Millions of drops relentlessly pounding away on the surface until it shattered into billions of tiny pieces. Pieces Emily couldn’t put back together by herself.
Lorna Jane Cook, Outside Wonderland|I was in doubt, and then everything took a hue of unreality, and I did not know what to trust, even the evidence of my own senses. Not knowing what to trust, I did not know what to do; and so had only to keep on working in what had hitherto been the groove of my life. The groove ceased to avail me, and I mistrusted myself.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|Only my death can full fill the dream ,My soul will around you and you will unknown about it
Angela Y. Davis, Freedom Is a Constant Struggle: Ferguson, Palestine, and the Foundations of a Movement|Everyone is familiar with the slogan "The personal is political" -- not only that what we experience on a personal level has profound political implications, but that our interior lives, our emotional lives are very much informed by ideology. We oftentimes do the work of the state in and through our interior lives. What we often assume belongs most intimately to ourselves and to our emotional life has been produced elsewhere and has been recruited to do the work of racism and repression.
Robin Benway, The Extraordinary Secrets of April, May, & June|Shut. Up," June squealed. "You have a date with that guy?" She giggled and covered her mouth. "Shut up, shut up, shut up! Tell me everything.""I can't do both," I pointed out.
Christy Pastore, Fifteen Weekends|Wyatt should’ve looked ridiculous sitting on the floor, leaning into the crate makingkissykiss noises at the cat, but he didn’t. He looked … mouthwatering. “Hey, sweet thing,” he said in a low cajoling voice. “Come on out. I’ll gonna love you up, I promise. You know you want some of that.”“Oh, please,” Emily said on a laugh to cover up the fact that her bones melted at thesound of him. “That’s never going to work—“But hell if the cat didn’t shift ever so slightly closer to Wyatt and sniff at him.Wyatt flashed both Sweetie and Emily a smile. “Aw, that’s it,” he crooned to thesuspicious, wary cat. “Come on, baby girl, all the way. I’ll be good to you, I promise.”Emily laughed again, even as she felt her nipples tighten. She crossed her arms over herchest. “Honestly, Wyatt, no selfrespecting female – cat or woman – is going to—
Julia Cameron, Finding Water: The Art of Perseverance|In a massive, long-term study of 17,000 civil servants, an almost unbelievable conclusion emerged: the status of a person's job was more likely to predict their likelihood of a heart attack than obesity, smoking or high blood pressure.
Derek Landy, The Faceless Ones|The more Susan waited, the more the doorbell didn't ring. Or the phone.
Debasish Mridha|You are the universe, so see the beauty of nature and feel the joy of life.
Steven Redhead, Unleash The Power of Your Heart and Mind|It is the things that happen, then how you react to them , that gives life some meaning.
Anwar Hadid|There is no health without mental health; mental health is too important to be left to the professionals alone, and mental health is everyone's business.
Hannu Vilponen|When my children were little, always I had to explain things.Now they don't ask much more, have I become more stupid?
Paloma Beck, Hold My Hand|I concentrate intently on counting: hearing my voice break as the torment and torture builds; fingering myself intensely at his instruction. As we get past ten I slip up; overwhelmed by the sensations wracking my body, I realise in horror that I don’t know which number is next.
Mae West|Outside the study hall the next fall, the fall of our senior year, the Nabisco plant baked sweet white bread twice a week. If I sharpened a pencil at the back of the room I could smell the baking bread and the cedar shavings from the pencil.... Pretty soon all twenty of us - our class - would be leaving. A core of my classmates had been together since kindergarten. I'd been there eight years. We twenty knew by bored heart the very weave of each other's socks....The poems I loved were in French, or translated from the Chinese, Portuguese, Arabic, Sanskrit, Greek. I murmured their heartbreaking sylllables. I knew almost nothing of the diverse and energetic city I lived in. The poems whispered in my ear the password phrase, and I memorized it behind enemy lines: There is a world. There is another world. I knew already that I would go to Hollins College in Virginia; our headmistress sent all her problems there, to her alma mater. "For the English department," she told me.... But, "To smooth off her rough edges," she had told my parents. They repeated the phrase to me, vividly. I had hopes for my rough edges. I wanted to use them as a can opener, to cut myself a hole in the world's surface, and exit through it. Would I be ground, instead, to a nub? Would they send me home, an ornament to my breed, in a jewelry bag?
C.S. Lewis, Letters of C. S. Lewis|To love you as I should, I must worship God as Creator. When I have learnt to love God better than my earthly dearest, I shall love my earthly dearest better than I do now. In so far as I learn to love my earthly dearest at the expense of God and instead of God, I shall be moving towards the state in which I shall not love my earthly dearest t all. When first things are put first, second things are not suppressed but increased.
Richard Branson, Losing My Virginity: How I've Survived, Had Fun, and Made a Fortune Doing Business My Way|to be successful, you have to be out there, you have to hit the ground running
Ludwig Erhard|[L]uxury always comes at someone else’s expense. One of the many advantages of civilization is that one doesn’t generally have to see that, if one doesn’t wish. You’re free to enjoy its benefits without troubling your conscience. (Ancillary Justice)
M.F. Moonzajer|If we always livein constant fearthen we might missthe beauty of the momentright now, right here.
Ann Voskamp|The highest form of prayer is to the goodness of God. . . . God only desires that our soul cling to him with all of its strength, in particular, that it clings to his goodness.
Mehmet Murat ildan|In the middle of the night, there is always less hope; in the dawn of the morning, there is always more hope!
Craig D. Lounsbrough, Flecks of Gold on a Path of Stone: Simple Truths for Profound Living|With God, a mountain is only a road waiting to happen.
Karen Salmansohn|don't let the pursuit of happiness stop you from being happy right here, right now.
Thomas Lewis, A General Theory of Love|In the midst of the ubiquitous dealings with prostituted signs, the thing-poem was capable of opening up the prospect of returning to credible experiences of meaning. It did this by tying language to the gold standard of what things themselves communicate. Where randomness is disabled, authority should shine forth.
Orson Scott Card, Shadow of the Giant|You might have good, moral efforts of working hard and earning money in order to help feed the poor or something along those lines - and then you get the money you’ve been seeking and you see and feel and taste how sweet it is and you only want more and more and more for…yourself.Money corrupts its own intentions.
Clarice Lispector, The Passion According to G.H.|The mystery of human destiny is that we are fated, but that we have the freedom to fulfill or not fulfill our fate: realization of our fated destiny depends on us. While inhuman beings like the cockroach realize the entire cycle without going astray because they make no choices.
Sheila Moon, Knee-Deep in Thunder|Finally Exi spoke. "There are some important things to remember always, no matter how hard life presses at you. One of these things is that wherever you are, and no matter for how long, there must be a home to hold you. You cannot know who you are unless you are contained in some way that gives you shape. Otherwise you are like a small wind, or like water losing itself in sand." He paused thoughtfully, looking at us, who had all stopped to listen. "You see," he continued, "at any place or time we have no way of knowing if we will be there a day or a week. We must let our destiny come to us. In one sense this is always true. Therefore it is needful for each of us to be defined-to live, not just wait to live. Do you understand?
Alan Moore|Love may, indeed, love the beloved when her beauty is lost: but not because it is lost. Love may forgive all infirmities and love still in spite of them: but Love cannot cease to will their removal. Love is more sensitive than hatred itself to every blemish in the beloved… Of all powers he forgives most, but he condones least: he is pleased with little, but demands all.
Jim Valvano|The greatest achievement was at first and for a time a dream. The oak sleeps in the acorn, the bird waits in the egg, and in the highest vision of the soul a waking angel stirs. Dreams are the seedlings of realities.
Raquel Cepeda, Bird of Paradise: How I Became Latina|While America will always, I think, feel foreign to me, New York City is my home. This is where I can construct my own identity freely and reject labels imposed on me.
Barbara Ehrenreich, Living with a Wild God: A Nonbeliever's Search for the Truth about Everything|The moment my niece came into the world, I realized that logic can't make sense of someone who's so brand new to you.
Jill Lepore|And that's the point; not even girls want to be girls so long as our feminine archetype lacks force, strength and power. Not wanting to be girls, they don't want to be tender, submissive, peace-loving as good women are. Women's strong qualities have become despised because of their week ones.
Kurt Cobain|Practice makes perfect, but nobody's perfect, so why practice?
Jaclyn Moriarty, The Spell Book of Listen Taylor|When she got back from taking Cassie to school Fancy knew that she ought to be working on her wilderness romance. She had promised thirty thousand words to her editor by tomorrow, and she had only written eleven. Specific
Dinah Shore|Isn't that what we come into politics for? To say to people: 'You can do it, too - there is a chance to serve your community. There is a chance to shape it co-operatively and democratically, without fear or favour.' And that is what I tried to do.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|A long time ago people believed that the world is flat and the moon is made of green cheese. Some still do, to this day. The man on the moon is looking down and laughing.
Oriah Mountain Dreamer|It doesn't interest me what you do for a living. I want to know what you ache for, and if you dare to dream of meeting your heart's longing.It doesn't interest me how old you are. I want to know if you will risk looking like a fool for love, for your dream, for the adventure of being alive. It doesn't interest me what planets are squaring your moon. I want to know if you have touched the center of your own sorrow, if you have been opened by life's betrayals or have become shriveled and closed from fear of further pain!I want to know if you can sit with pain, mine or your own, without moving to hide it or fade it, or fix it. I want to know if you can be with joy, mine or your own, if you can dance with wildness and let the ecstasy fill you to the tips of your fingers and toes without cautioning us to be careful, to be realistic, to remember the limitations of being human. It doesn't interest me if the story you are telling me is true. I want to know if you can disappoint another to be true to yourself; if you can bear the accusation of betrayal and not betray your own soul; if you can be faithlessand therefore trustworthy. I want to know if you can see beauty even when it's not pretty, every day,and if you can source your own life from its presence. I want to know if you can live with failure, yours and mine, and still stand on the edge of the lake and shout to the silver of the full moon, “Yes!”It doesn't interest me to know where you live or how much money you have. I want to know if you can get up, after the night of grief and despair, weary and bruised to the bone, and do what needs to be done to feed the children. It doesn't interest me who you know or how you came to be here. I want to know if you will stand in the center of the fire with me and not shrink back. It doesn't interest me where or what or with whom you have studied. I want to know what sustains you, from the inside, when all else falls away. I want to know if you can be alone with yourself and if you truly like the company you keep in the empty moments.
Aminatta Forna, The Memory of Love|LOVE – PEACE – SUCCESS: When they are what we desire, they fuel our hope… When they are seen in our behavior, they change our lives.
Phoebe Kitanidis, Whisper|What have you done to your hair?” Mom’s broken voice said, pinning me back to this tiny hospitalroom.“Holy shit!” Icka patted her head as if searching. “You think the nurse stole it? She looked shady.
Holly Robinson Peete|My mom says: 'Why aren't you a doctor?' and I'm like, 'I am a doctor!' and she's all, 'No, I mean a real doctor.' She reads my books, but she says they give her a headache.
Ernst Cassirer, An Essay on Man: An Introduction to a Philosophy of Human Culture|In the case of our fair maiden, we have overlooked two very crucial aspects to that myth. On the one hand, none of us ever really believed the sorcerer was real. We thought we could have the maiden without a fight. Honestly, most of us guys thought our biggest battle was asking her out. And second, we have not understood the tower and its relationship to her wound; the damsel is in distress. If masculinity has come under assault, femininity has been brutalized. Eve is the crown of creation, remember? She embodies the exquisite beauty and the exotic mystery of God in a way that nothing else in all creation even comes close to. And so she is the special target of the Evil One; he turns his most vicious malice against her. If he can destroy her or keep her captive, he can ruin the story.
John M. Keller, Abracadabrantesque|Fear finds its prey in adolescents for the exact same reason fearlessness does. Every cut, scrape, broken arm or cancer is a cut, scrape, broken arm or cancer that has yet to arrive, that is on the sidelines waiting, along with fate and the story of your life, of everything bad that can happen, some of which will happen—but right now, they’re purely theoretical. It is up to the adolescent’s imagination to make them bleed, to make them hurt.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Religion, Philosophy and life|There is greatness in you, dare to do something! There is an opposition you face, dare to overcome every obstacle! No one has ever blaze a trail without overcoming challenges. No one has ever been a champion without a competition. No matter how your present sees you, how you see your present is what matters. The matter doesn’t matter; how you see the matter is what matters!
Blaise Pascal, The Thoughts of Blaise Pascal|Then Gerry heard through his helmet radio the two most dreaded words any crew never wanted to hear during a space mission; "Oh sh*t
George R.R. Martin, The Armageddon Rag|On armageddon day,' Sandy said, 'both armies will think they fight for good. And both of them will be wrong.
Mike Basevic|Don't worry about how something is going to happen, just know that it is all unfolding perfectly, whether you can see it or not.
Fazlur Rahman, Major Themes of the Qur'an|Belief in God, without belief in the Prophet (SAWW), would still be unbelief.
Cassandra Clare, City of Lost Souls|He saw in that instant a life he could not conceive of opening before him, a hopeless abyss. Either way he was doomed: He did what was wrong, and condemned himself, or he did what was right, and remained a ghost.
Melissa Etheridge|I'm so cool that the kids come to my bedroom and go, 'Mom! Turn the music down!
Christine Feehan, Dark Magic|Very gently Jacques lowered her feet to the ground, retaining possession of her waist to help her trembling legs hold her up. Shea raised a hand to push back her rain-slick hair. He caught her fingers and raised her palm to his mouth. “You are the most beautiful sight I have ever seen.” She smiled, shook her head at him. “You’re crazy, you know that? This is one of the most magnificent lightning storms I’ve ever seen, and I didn’t even notice until now.” He grinned at her suggestively, rubbed the bridge of his nose. “Says something.” “Exactly,” she agreed. “You’re crazy, and I must be, too.
Jennifer Allwood, Covering Your Business in Prayer|Lord, I pray that you will let my talent bring JOY and BEAUTY to a world that sometimes is dark and discouraging.
Malala Yousafzai|To defend a country you need an army, but to defend a civilization you need education.
Adam DeVine|Sometimes it's okay to give yourself a pat on the back and say, 'That was cool. That made me feel good.'
Mahendra Singh Dhoni|Life is a series of baby steps along the way and if you add up these tiny little steps you take toward your goal, whatever it is, whether it's giving up something, a terrible addiction or trying to work your way through an illness. When you total up those baby steps you'd be amazed over the course of 10 years, the strides you've taken.
Ellis Peters|I'd imagine "murderess" trumps "wife" when defining a close relationship.
Joan Medlicott|Fear's a box we grow used to, convince ourselves it's all the space we need, that we like its color, its smell, its protection. Comes a time to stop hiding, stop being afraid. If we don't break free of our boxes, our spirits' shrink, we shrink in every way imaginable. Oh, Grace, my friend, don't let fear, especially someone else's fear, prevent you from living your life.
John Glenn|It isn't a calamity to die with dreams unfulfilled, but it is a calamity not to dream.
Jane Austen|…We had spiritually marked ourselves. This marking began…when the counterculture of political correctness began, and the assault on Christian values and traditions began. At first it seemed so ridiculous that it was harmless, kind of like a disease to which we were all immune. Soon, however, it was recolored to equal compassion, fairness, acceptance, tolerance, and equality. From there it evolved into a power with the ability to take any truth and repaint it as a lie, to take any lie and relabel it as truth.
Tom Cardamone, Pacific Rimming|Sure that there was an attainable bliss somewhere beyond the decimal point in the p of his sexual trysts, I felt that maybe he had already attained what I was looking for, a more instinctual regard for sex, an equality among thirsts. He had done what I wanted to do: washed the wound of appetite in a relentless waterfall of sweat and semen.
Joseph Delaney, I Am Alice|In the dark you hear movement—a squeak, a hiding. The heart opens, closes, opens.
Winston Groom, Forrest Gump|I got to tell you, that if it weren't for that harmonica music, i might of just packed up and gone home, but it made me feel so good, I can hardly describe it. Sort of like my whole body is the harmonica and the music give me goosebumps when I play it.
John Niven|I must have got my detailed, obsessive streak from my father, who was an English teacher, because my mother wasn't like me at all.
Anusha Atukorala|Every plain wall deserves a piece of work, so why not cover it with a smile?
Criss Jami, Healology|One either cares what others think about him, or cares what others think he thinks about them. If you want to find someone who doesn't care in the slightest what anyone thinks, try a lunatic asylum.
Kamaran Ihsan Salih|Proudness is from ignorance, humbleness is from wisdom
Skrillex|I am a happy person and I choose to be a positive person. I think some people think my life has been tragic and there have been these horrible dramas but things really have been, and are, fine.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|When you realize that the feeling you have — is — the response you choose, you are free in that moment.
RVM|Don't just Hurry, don't just Haste. Don't just Worry, don't just Waste. Life is a Treasure, Enjoy the Pleasure.
Marcel Proust|In reading, friendship is restored immediately to its original purity. With books there is no forced sociability. If we pass the evening with those friends—books—it’s because we really want to. When we leave them, we do so with regret and, when we have left them, there are none of those thoughts that spoil friendship: “What did they think of us?”—“Did we make a mistake and say something tactless?”—“Did they like us?”—nor is there the anxiety of being forgotten because of displacement by someone else. All such agitating thoughts expire as we enter the pure and calm friendship of reading.
David Henrie|Lucy took care of me on the set, and made sure that none of the crew cussed around me. She also had birthday parties for me and made sure that they were well attended.
Franklin D. Roosevelt|My philosophy of leadership is to surround myself with good people who have ability, judgment and knowledge, but above all, a passion for service.
Elena Ferrante|I believe that books, once they are written, have no need of their authors. If they have something to say, they will sooner or later find readers; if not, they won’t. . . . I very much love those mysterious volumes, both ancient and modern, that have no definite author but have had and continue to have an intense life of their own. They seem to me a sort of nighttime miracle, like the gifts of the Befana, which I waited for as a child. . . . True miracles are the ones whose makers will never be known. . . . Besides, isn’t it true that promotion is expensive? I will be the least expensive author of the publishing house. I’ll spare you even my presence.
Paul McCartney|What we Americans go through to pick a president is not only crazy and unnecessary but genuinely abusive. Hundreds of millions of dollars are spent in a craven, cynical effort to stir up hatred and anger on both sides.
Matt Broadway-Horner, Managing Depression with CBT For Dummies|Don’t lose yourself in anger, Mac. It’s gasoline. You can burn it as fuel, or you can use it to torch everything you care about and end up standing on a scorched battlefield, with everybody dead, even you - only your body doesn’t have the good grace to quit breathing.
George MacDonald, Mary Marston|But Mary had not come into the world to be sad or to help another to be sad. Sorrowful we may often have to be, but to indulge in sorrow is either not to know or to deny God our Saviour. True, her heart ached for Letty; and the ache immediately laid itself as close to Letty's ache as it could lie; but that was only the advance-guard of her army of salvation, the light cavalry of sympathy: the next division was help; and behind that lay patience, and strength, and hope, and faith,and joy. This last, modern teachers, having failed to regard it as a virtue, may well decline to regard as a duty; but he is a poor Christian indeed in whom joy has not at least a growing share, and Mary was not a poor Christian--at least, for the time she had been learning, and as Christians go in the present aeon of their history.
Helen Keller, The Open Door|Sometimes, it is true, a sense of isolation enfolds me like a cold mist as I sit alone and wait at life’s shut gate. Beyond there is light, and music, and sweet companionship; but I may not enter. Fate, silent, pitiless, bars the way…Silence sits immense upon my soul. Then comes hope with a smile and whispers, ‘there is joy is self-forgetfulness.’ So I try to make the light in others’ eyes my sun, the music in others; ears my symphony, the smile on others’ lips my happiness.
Terry Pratchett|Over the centuries, mankind has tried many ways of combating the forces of evil... prayer, fasting, good works and so on. Up until Doom, no one seemed to have thought about the double-barrel shotgun. Eat leaden death, demon...
Denise Flaim, Rescue Ink: How Ten Guys Saved Countless Dogs and Cats, Twelve Horses, Five Pigs, One Duck,and a Few Turtles|The solution to the feral cats that already exist is the one no one wants to hear: accepting the fact that feral cats will live among us, and taking responsibility for controlling their numbers by trapping, neutering, and returning them to their outdoor territories.
Robert Kiyosaki|I'm for the DREAM Act. It makes so much sense. Following the implementation of the DREAM Act, we'll have a case study we can point to where we can say that we provided a path to citizenship or legal involvement in the community for these young immigrants, and the sky didn't fall.
Christine Warren, Hard as a Rock|When he expressed his feelings for her - always here like this, while he touched her or made love to her - he used words of possession and passion. He told her they belonged to each other, that she was his, that he was her mate. And he made love to her like a starving man, as if he couldn't get enough of her.
Rita Dove|Every time I come across learning items of interest, I'll send distribution voice mail to the appropriate group in the organization.
Gerald Morris, The Squire, His Knight, and His Lady|I have been asked what I mean by “word of honor.” I will tell you. Place me behind prison walls—walls of stone ever so high, ever so thick, reaching ever so far into the ground—there is a possibility that in some way or another I might be able to escape; but stand me on the floor and draw a chalk line around me and have me give my word of honor never to cross it. Can I get out of that circle? No, never! I’d die first.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|For you to be great, you must live a life of self-consciousness all the time.
Bertolt Brecht|Like every other good thing in this world, leisure and culture have to be paid for. Fortunately, however, it is not the leisured and the cultured who have to pay.
Gal Gadot|I like a man who can respect a woman. When he's real attentive, I think that is very manly. To respect a woman is divine.
Michael Connelly, Trunk Music|The Strip was still lit by a million neon lights, though the crowds on the sidewalk had greatly decreased by this hour. Still, Bosch was awed by the spectacle of light. In every imaginable color and configuration, it was a megawatt funnel of enticement to greed that burned twenty-four hours a day. Bosch felt the same attraction that all the other grinders felt tug at them. Las Vegas was like one of the hookers on Sunset Boulevard in Hollywood. Even happily married men at least glanced their way, if only for a second, just to get an idea what was out there, maybe give them something to think about. Las Vegas was like that. There was a visceral attraction here. The bold promise of money and sex. But the first was a broken promise, a mirage, and the second was fraught with danger, expense, physical and mental risk. It was where the real gambling took place in this town.
Isaac Marion, The New Hunger|I watch the ashes swim around like dandelion puffs, making swirls where bodies and walls once stood.
Ford Madox Ford, Parade's End|It felt like we were reliving the first day of the school year, when students and teachers do the get-to-know-you dance—teachers tell students something about who they are, students pretend to care, and then vice-versa.
Tavi Gevinson|I am just postmodern enough not to trust 'postmodern' as a description of our times, for it privileges the practices and intellectual formations of modernity. Calling this a postmodern age reproduces the modernist assumption that history must be policed by periods.
Shannon L. Alder|Time doesn't heal all wounds, only distance can lessen the sting of them.
Erin Kellison, Shadow Touched|Shadow is on the move," a soldier said suddenly....	"We spotted her in the West atrium, then she vanished into the unfinished apartments. Scared the shit out of Dr. Marea on four, then ended up in the kitchen ogling a cheesecake.
Siobhan Davis, Beyond Reach|I won’t pressure you, Ari, but I’m not opposed to subtle acts of persuasion.
Robin Sacredfire|I thought I had lowered my standards pretty much, when I decided that any woman would be good for me as long as she respects me. It didn't took me long to realize that would never happen. I was being naive about the real state of the world. It's not that one shouldn't have low standards, or high, or medium, but that most people are such a disgusting representation of themselves, that they can't stop themselves being like this until they die. And maybe they do appreciate what they had when they lose it, but they quickly forget about it when getting it back. Forgiving people that apologize too often has been another naive behavior of mine.
Sahar El-Nadi, Sandcastles & Snowmen|The longer a nation's history, the more wars, invasions, wanderings, and periods of captivity it has seen-the greater the diversity of its faces.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Since there is no one else to praise me, I will praise myself -- will say that I have never tampered with a single tooth in my thought machine, such as it is. There are teeth missing, God knows -- some I was born without, teeth that will never grow. And other teeth have been stripped by the clutchless shifts of history -- But never have I willfully destroyed a tooth on a gear of my thinking machine. Never have I said to myself, 'This fact I can do without.
Amy Heckerling|I have an all-Japanese design team, and none of them speak English. So it's often funny and surprising how my ideas end up lost in translation.
Bill Maher, When You Ride Alone You Ride With Bin Laden: What the Government Should Be Telling Us to Help Fight the War on Terrorism|Gifted teachers master the patience required for the unending business of transmitting civilization down the generations, transforming biological facts – children – into social artifacts called citizens. It is wearying work and it is a wonder teachers can summon the stamina for it.
Mensah Oteh|You were born for a reason and with a specific purpose in mind. You don’t choose it, you discover it.
Darnell Lamont Walker|America — rather, the United States — seems to me to be the Jew among the nations. It is resourceful, adaptable, maligned, envied, feared, imposed upon. It is warmhearted, overfriendly; quick-witted, lavish, colorful; given to extravagant speech and gestures. Its people are travelers and wanderers by nature, moving, shifting, restless; swarming in Fords, in ocean liners; craving entertainment; volatile. The schnuckle among the nations of the world.
Jack Caldwell, Pemberley Ranch|The moment you in a relationship, know that every action you take, carries your partner's dignity along with yours.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|A man should hear a little music, read a little poetry, and see a fine picture every day of his life, in order that worldly cares may not obliterate the sense of the beautiful which God has implanted in the human soul.
Olav Thon|I like to be with my children - not just quality time, but quantity time. I like to be there in the morning when they're waking up. I like to practice piano with them. I like to be there at supper. I need them as much as they need me. Working is not as important to me as being a mother is.
Giorge Leedy, Uninhibited From Lust To Love|Own your happiness and let people understand that they have to own theirs. If you make it your job to make people happy, you have made it your job to keep people happy.
Gérard de Nerval, Aurélia|One third of our life is spent in sleep. It is consolation for the troubles of our waking hours or atonement for their pleasures; but I have never experienced sleep to be mere repose. After a few minutes lethargy, a new life begins, untrammeled by the limitations of time and space, and undoubtedly similar to that which awaits us after death...
Scott Spencer, Endless Love|I was horribly self-conscious; I wanted everybody to look at me and think me the most fascinating creature in the world, and yet I died a small hideous death if I saw even one person throw a casual glance at me.
Stephen Magnus|The world is filled with lots of dark energies, we need to be that dim light at every corner that'll illuminate the world.
Henry Petroski|In fashion design, you can divide people into two groups. You have people who come with an aesthetic that is there forever, even if it evolves. Then you have people I call 'jumpers.' One season it can be this; the next season it's completely something else. I always knew I am more of a jumper.
Robert Kennedy|The risk of the Holocaust is not that it will be forgotten, but that it will be embalmed and surrounded by monuments and used to absolve all future sins.
Raphael Zernoff|Change what you can, accept what you can’t, and be smart enough to know the difference
Kimberly McRae, Living by Faith: Beginning Your Walk as a New Believer|The importance of knowing for certain that you have been saved cannot be understated. We do not know how many days, hours, or minutes God has granted us here to have an opportunity to make a choice.
Luis Marques, Asetian Bible|You don't find Truth, but Truth finds you. ☥
Gail Carriger, Changeless|Felicity was horrible and snide, but then Felicity had been a repulsive earwig ever since she first grew a vocabulary.
Alison Gopnik|To conquer nature is, in effect, to remove all natural barriers and human norms and to substitute artificial, fabricated equivalents for natural processes.
Alain de Botton, Status Anxiety|Remember that every person who you come into contact to on any given day has a story that is probably far more amazing than you will imagine and no one is going to just offer up their entire life's worth of experiences to you because you want them to. It takes time to draw someone's story out from within them. It takes trust. It takes sincerity and dedication. Keep in mind that each and every interaction you have with all those people on a daily basis is a unique opportunity to develop any kind of relationship with that person that the two of you might want to be a part of. It doesn't matter how you meet them or what it is that you do with them. It can be as mundane as waving to them in the morning as they leave their driveway, or it can be as huge as saving someone's life in a moment of uncertainty and sacrifice. Each person has the potential to become a friend or a lover or to simply teach you something important and then slip back into the endless rush of other bodies moving about the planet around us. Don't pass these chances up too often, or you'll get lost in the tide yourself.
Nora Roberts|Hard work without talent is a shame, but talent without hard work is a tragedy
Rebecca Wells, Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood|You know how some people, when they're together, they somehow make you feel more hopeful? Make you feel like the world is not the insane place it really is?
Auliq Ice|Every single achievement you make, every single life you change and every single skill you acquire brings you one step closer to becoming a better leader. Every day you can improve the leader in you to become a better person and a greater leader.
Amor Towles, A Gentleman in Moscow|Still less could I be afraid of those ghosts who touch my thoughts in passing. Any library is filled with them. I can take a book from dusty shelves, and be haunted by the thoughts of one long dead, still lively as ever in their winding sheet of words.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|It is terrifying,” said Adrian. “And weird, for lack of a better word. And part of you knows… well, part of you knows something’s not right. That your thinking’s not right. But what do you about that? All we can go on is what we think, how we see the world. If you can’t trust your own mind, what can you trust? What other people tell you?
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|So when someone would love to see you fail, forgive them, and draw upon that motivation to succeed.
Joan Bauer, Thwonk|Mom has the Touch. She knows what flowers go with what occasions, what hors d'oeuvres work with what people. She believes passionately in the power of food to heal, restore, and stimulate relationships, and she has built a following of loyal customers who really hope she's right. If she's wrong, says Sonia, no one wants to know.
J. Paul Getty|The greatest asset, even in this country, is not oil and gas. It's integrity. Everyone is searching for it, asking, 'Who can I do business with that I can trust?'
Marie-Pierre Moine|Madame Altamont was leaving for a holiday. With her characteristic concern for propriety and orderliness, she emptied her refrigerator and gave the left-overs to the concierge: two ounces of butter, a pound of fresh green beans, two lemons, half a pot of redcurrant jam, a dab of fresh cream, a few cherries, a port of milk, a few bits of cheese, various herbs, and three Bulgarian-flavour yoghurts.
Brian D'Ambrosio, From Haikus to Hatmaking: One Year in the Life of Western Montana|I love that I have my own business and I can't wait to tell Charlie when she's old enough that I did it all with her as my inspiration.-Carla Palmer, Cheekie Charlie
Ellen Stimson, Mud Season: How One Woman's Dream of Moving to Vermont, Raising Children, Chickens and Sheep, and Running the Old Country Store Pretty Much Led to One Calamity After Another|A sweet friend of my Hannah's said that Christmas only makes her sad. "It's just for happy families it makes everyone else miserable."But there is a secret truth about family. Eventually you get to pick a family for yourself m. And thanks to the sticky, sweet, funny, loud, rambunctious people I chose, Christmas is my favorite time of the year.
Nora Roberts, Morrigan's Cross|There weren't always happy endings and children would do well to know that vile things could happen to them, that witches and wolves were desperate to steal them should they be disobedient or foolish or simply unlucky.
Jack Kerouac, On the Road|We lay on our backs, looking at the ceiling and wondering what God had wrought when He made life so sad. We made vague plans to meet in Frisco.
Unknown or The Archictect from the Matrix reloaded movie|Hope. It is the quintessential human delusion, simultaneously the source of your greatest strength, and greatest weakness.
Sloane Stephens|I had something to prove and went in the studio and started writing. I got into fitness and style and learned the whole craft. That was when I wrote everything on the album. I put out 'Don't Ya,' and it took off.
Tatiana Maslany|The one thing emphasized in any creative writing course is 'write what you know,' and that automatically drives a wooden stake through the heart of imagination. If they really understood the mysterious process of creating fiction, they would say, 'You can write about anything you can imagine.'
Dennis Prager, The Ten Commandments: Still the Best Moral Code|Unless there is a God, all morality is just opinion and belief. And virtually every atheist philosopher has acknowledged this.
Deborah Ann, Destiny|I liked the air I was breathing, and there is absolutely nothing wrong with my head,” I assured him with a giggle. “Will you kiss me again?” I flirted sweetly.
Duop Chak Wuol|If a man is not sure of his future, he should consciously adjust his thinking.
Jilly Cooper|Whoever is my relative, I will not be nice to them.
Alex Gabriel, Love for the Cold-Blooded, or The Part-Time Evil Minion's Guide to Accidentally Dating a Superhero|The West Sister Dating Rules were clear on the matter of apologies. On the evolutionary scale of dating, a guy who apologized solely for the sake of ending the argument and getting back into your good graces was on the level of primeval slime — especially if he was clearly doing so merely because he was hoping for sex. The proper response was to unveil the offender’s deceit by demanding he explain what exactly he was apologizing for, and then scorn him when he betrayed his ignorance.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|In the place of solitude, you are able to take advantage of time and bring forth children in the form of products.
Cynthia Hand, Unearthly|I think you must be some kind of a freak. Either that or you’re trying toconvert me to your secret horse religion.”“Darn, you got me,” she says theatrically. “You thwarted my evil plan.
J.G. Ballard, The Atrocity Exhibition|Sex is now a conceptual act, it's probably only in terms of the perversions that we can make contact with each other at all.
Friedrich Nietzsche, The Will to Power|It is not the victory of science that distinguishes our nineteenth century, but the victory of scientific method over science.
Charlie Jane Anders, All the Birds in the Sky|What she liked the most about drinking was not being present, that feeling of self-evasion, of disconnection, of liberation, of escape. Alcohol offered her an excellent alternative to being herself without actually dying.
Slavenka Drakulić, How We Survived Communism and Even Laughed|Slowly, he lifts the flashlight. Her shorts are torn and frayed, her shirt ripped from chest to naval, exposing her black bra and dirty stomach. And then he raises the light so it reflects off her face, off the crimson tears streaming from the girl’s eyes. Her boney hands fly up to protect her face, and her head tilts sharply as she hisses.
Alice Hoffman, Local Girls|I could hardly get a boy to look at me. All right, they'd look, they'd even take me out, but no one asked for a second date. I was too nasty, a real wise guy, and all the boys could tell what my rotten disposition was. Deep down, I wanted a commitment with a capital C. To get anywhere with me, a boy would have to sign his undying loyalty with his own blood.
Gavin Newsom|The world is a nested space, and so we have our brain as a person, and people are members of teams, and teams are part of business units, and business units are parts of corporations, and corporations are part of industries, which are part of economies.
Marianne Williamson, A Return to Love: Reflections on the Principles of "A Course in Miracles"|Give all your gifts away in service to the world.  If you want to paint, don't wait for a grant, paint a wall in your town that looks drab and uninviting.  You never know who is going to see that wall. Whatever it is you want to do, give it away in service to your community.
Novala Takemoto, Missin' (Novel)|Restraining, saving, assuring your checkbook balance...what does all taht amount to? If I go broke one day I'll just take out loans
Jon Heder|I've exchanged messages and photos of an explicit nature with about six women over the last three years. For the most part, these communications took place before my marriage, though some have sadly took place after. To be clear, I have never met any of these women or had physical relationships at any time.
