Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|We must encourage, support and comfort one another.
Guillermo del Toro|So I have 8 to 10 screenplays written and unproduced. And frankly, some of them are my favorite stories. I have a Western version of The Count Of Monte Cristo where the count has a clockwork hand. I have a screenplay called Mephisto's Bridge about a Faustian deal with the devil. I love them all.
Coco J. Ginger|Her heart had grown so familiar to the pain of life without him, that to respond now seemed too large a pleasure she could not endure. If pain was love, then she loved fiercely. Yet knew she could not be near that boy again.
Mikhail Bakunin|Socialism is the way, the truth, and the light.
Helen Zahavi, Dirty Weekend|When Everything you've had is stolen from you, all you have left is REVENGE
Steven Johnson, Where Good Ideas Come From: The Natural History of Innovation|This is not the wisdom of the crowd, but the wisdom of someone in the crowd. It’s not that the network itself is smart; it’s that the individuals get smarter because they’re connected to the network.
W. Somerset Maugham|A writer's knowledge of himself, realistic and unromantic, is like a store of energy on which he must draw for a lifetime: one volt of it properly directed will bring a character to life.
Miriam Gurko, The Ladies of Seneca Falls: the Birth of the Women's Rights Movement|... on May 1, 1855, Lucy Stone and Henry Blackwell were married. Before the minister began the ceremony, Henry read the protest which he and Lucy had prepared: "While acknowledging our mutual affection by publicly assuming the relation of husband and wife, yet in justice to ourselves and a great principle, we deem it a duty to declare this act ... implies no sanction of, nor promise of voluntary obedience to, such of the present laws of marriage as refuse to recognize the wife as an independent, rational being, while they confer upon the husband an injurious and unnatural superiority, investing him with legal powers which no honorable man would exercise, and which no man should possess
Barbara Kyle, The King's Daughter|Isabel Valverde was coming home. The brief, terrible letter from her brother had brought her across five thousand miles of ocean, from the New World to the Old, and during the long voyage she thought she had prepared herself for the worst. But now that London lay just beyond the next bend of the River Thames, she dreaded what awaited her. The not knowing – that was the hardest. Would she find her mother still a prisoner awaiting execution? Horrifying though that was, Isabel could at least hope to see her one last time. Or had her mother already been hanged?
Ellen Connor, Midnight|I’ll always be here if you need me,” Mothwing told him. “I may not share your faith, but I will always help you fight for what you believe in.
Deborah Sampson|I should like to know if, taking this old Declaration of Independence, which declares that all men are equal upon principle, you begin making exceptions to it, where will you stop? If one man says it does not mean a Negro, why not another say it does not mean some other man?
Trevor Noah, Born a Crime: Stories From a South African Childhood|Nothing changes if we just feel shitty about being White. And nothing changes if we refuse to talk about it. The opposite of white pride does not have to be white shame. We can’t push it away and pretend it’s not us. We are not color-blind, we are not post-race, we do not get to reject our whiteness because it makes us feel bad…This does not get solved with a Celebration of Diversity Day and a coexist bumper sticker. (Kate Schatz)
Joanna Russ, How to Suppress Women's Writing|I had planned to consult with a Black colleague, but when I approached her in the hall she had a crowd of students about, all of them talking, a stack of books in one arm, a mass of student papers in the other, seven committee reports wedged in between, as well as her small daughter in a backpack, and she was looking surreptitiously at her watch. So I went on reading and taking notes.
Brandon Sanderson, Secret History|You do not necessarily have to get before you do but when you do, you shall get
Phillip Andrew Bennett Low, Indecision Now! A Libertarian Rage|She leaned into me, and I could feel her hot breath against my ear. 'I want you to eat me,' she whispered. 'I want you to eat me like you’re an angry Alaskan grizzly and I’m Timothy Treadwell.
Bradley Whitford|Stem cell research holds enormous promise for easing human suffering, and federal support is critical to its success.
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|Your brain with all its parts, exists to keep you safe, but your mind, with all your memories and intuition, exists to help you soar.
Rebecca McNutt|People always say that digital cameras are much more stable than film cameras, but the truth is that digital cameras, or any kind of digital technology, is one of the most unstable things in the world. A film camera can last decades if you know how to look after it, but digital things can break down instantly. A violent storm, a nuclear bomb, even something as minor as a cracked screen or the releasing of newer models, can make a digital product just a block of useless metal.
Tony Curl|Our thoughts affect our agreement with reality, our story we tell ourselves. IF you want to change your story, start with your thoughts.
James F. Cooper|All the mathematical sciences are founded on relations between physical laws and laws of numbers, so that the aim of exact science is to reduce the problems of nature to the determination of quantities by operations with numbers.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Silence|Do you think they're going to buy that a guy in tacky leather chaps dances like this?" I scoffed when he twirled me back into his emb
Timothy J. Keller, Counterfeit Gods: The Empty Promises of Money, Sex, and Power, and the Only Hope that Matters|When anything in life is an absolute requirement for your happiness and self-worth, it is essentially an ‘idol,’ something you are actually worshiping. When such a thing is threatened, your anger is absolute. Your anger is actually the way the idol keeps you in its service, in its chains. Therefore if you find that, despite all the efforts to forgive, your anger and bitterness cannot subside, you may need to look deeper and ask, ‘What am I defending? What is so important that I cannot live without?’ It may be that, until some inordinate desire is identified and confronted, you will not be able to master your anger.
Moderata Fonte, The Worth of Women: Wherein Is Clearly Revealed Their Nobility and Their Superiority to Men|[I]t was with a good end in mind – that of acquiring the knowledge of good and evil – that Eve allowed herself to be carried away and eat the forbidden fruit. But Adam was not moved by this desire for knowledge, but simply by greed: he ate it because he heard Eve say it tasted good.
Jane Siberry|One of the things psychologists used to say was that if you are depressed, anxious or angry, you couldn't be happy. Those were at opposite ends of a continuum. I believe that you can be suffering or have a mental illness and be happy - just not in the same moment that you're sad.
Edgar Allan Poe|By a route obscure and lonelyHaunted by ill angels only,Where an eidolon, named NIGHT,On a black throne reigns upright,I have reached these lands but newlyFrom an ultimate dim Thule --From a wild, weird clime that lieth, sublime,Out of SPACE, out of TIME.
Alice Clayton, The Redhead Revealed|I want to wake up ev­ery day I have left to the warmth of your lips on mine, the sound of your voice singing next to me, the feel of your fin­gers on my skin and your heart beat­ing mu­sic with mine.
Cristina Marrero|He who asserts belief with absolute certainty knows nothing of faith and makes himself into a fool. He who is wise, upon realizing they have done this, recants and searches themselves for further enlightenment.
Sarah Ruhl, Chekhov's Three Sisters & Woolf's Orlando|When you read a novel, it seems that everything is clear, trite and understandable. But when you yourself fall in love, you understand that nobody knows anything and everyone must decide for themselves.
Mark  Johnson, The Body in the Mind: The Bodily Basis of Meaning, Imagination, and Reason|A metaphor is not merely a linguistic expression (a form of words) used for artistic or rhetorical purposes; instead, it is a process of human understanding by which we achieve meaningful experience that we can make sense of. A metaphor, in this "experiential" sense, is a process by which we understand and structure one domain of experience in terms of another domain of a different kind.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|As you focus on the greatness of God, the difficulties of life will dissolve.
Dalma Heyn|Women have been brought up with the false sense that they have all the options in the world. We don’t understand that the culture really isn’t offering us all of these options – there still are very strong pressures to conform. We have to step outside the culture to be able to make choices that will really give us what we want. But we lack the psychic mechanisms to do this, to really choose.
Czesław Miłosz|I was left behind with the immensity of existing things. A river, suffering because reflections of clouds and tress and not clouds and trees.
Alexander Pope, An Essay on Man|chaos of thought and passion, all confus'd.
Ana Ortega|We are not at the center of ourselves, but instead — like the Earth in the Milky Way, and the Milky Way in the universe — far out on a distant edge, hearing little of what is transpiring.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Challenge is an art; you must know whom to challenge, how to challenge and when to challenge well, otherwise defeat becomes the inevitable fate!
Papatia Feauxzar|They are not looking because of the way you are dressed, Danny. The women are looking at you with envy. They are wondering how a woman of my age can attract a handsome, virile young man like you, and they are jealous. The men are looking at you with curiosity. They are wondering what you have to be able to attract a beautiful older woman like me. Enjoy the attention, Danny. You will only be young for a very short time.
Benson Bruno, A Story That Talks about Talking Is Like Chatter to Chattering Teeth, and Every Set of Dentures Can Attest to the Fact That No..|I don’t dwell on the fact that I may have ridden on planes. That which I can’t remember having needed, I simply accept. It is the most preferable kind of self-insight: one that does not require any accompanying change in behavior.
Martyn Stanley, The Verkreath Horror|Interesting Avil, the priests and the acolytes of the various religions and temples of Torea build their whole lives on a lie. At first, as children they believe it. Maybe as they grow older and more wise they see the absurdness of their beliefs, but by that time they have invested time and emotional energy into those beliefs, then seeing them crumble and fall apart would be too hard for them to bear. So the protect the lie, they shore it up with more lies and they ebb out their short lives, knowing what they preach is untrue, but preaching it all the same... Almost as if preaching it hard enough will make it true... Are they trying to convince their congregation? Or themselves? You are wiser than you look Avil.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|I never needed a Man. I needed a Viking. I needed someone who wasn't afraid of my strengths, or of my needs. I chose wrong... in the past. I thought I had to find someone who could put up with my hunger for life. But I was so damn wrong. I needed a Viking. I needed someone who would admire all the things about me that tepid men were intimidated by.
Munindra Misra, Devi Mahatmayam in English Rhyme|All our desires are desires of the soul, ultimately, Though they look like desires mental or sensory;- 39 -
Lauren Willig|I never sat down and said, 'I'm going to write historical fiction with strong romantic elements.' It was just the way the stories went.
Latika Teotia|Today resolve to get rid of all the negativity that has been eating you away, dump those thoughts which create self doubt, do away with views that create self pity and make a new beginning. Life hasn’t ended, your page is still being written and you have a long way to go. Remember, every day is a new day and you can decide to start life anew whenever you want to. So go ahead write a new page, a new chapter of your life today and make it as colorful as you want. After all, you have only one life to live- make the most of it.
Robert Morley|Do not be ashamed to make a temporary withdrawal from the field if you see that your enemy is stronger than you; it is not winning or losing a single battle that matters, but how the war ends.
Johnny Rich|A novel must be judged on its merits, not on how hard the journey was to write it.
Osho, The Buddha Said...: Meeting the Challenge of Life's Difficulties|Mindfulness is the awareness of what is going on in us and around us in the present moment. It requires stopping, looking deeply, and recognizing both the uniqueness of the moment and its connection to everything that has gone on before and will go on in the future.
Umakant|My palm presses against his cool cheek as I stare intently at him, willing him to understand, “I couldn’t have forgiven myself, couldn’t have gone on knowing I’d let you suffer when it was in my power to take that pain away.” I pause to smile sadly at him, “Anyway, it’s done now.”He shakes his head in one last denial but there’s nothing he can do. Crimson tears fill his eyes again as he whispers softly, “Kiss me?
Charles Bukowski, Betting on the Muse: Poems and Stories|Am I a romantic? I've seen "Wuthering Heights" ten times. I'm a romantic.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The more we abide in Christ, the more His grace and power transform us into His image.
GonzoBilly|The world is in a mad dash of personal peace and affluence. Sadly, too often the evangelical church is not much different. Of course, we want our children to become Christians. But that is just an addition to the all-consuming goal, that they would attain their own personal peace and affluence.
Maggie Shipstead, Astonish Me|Ordinarily, her love affairs are entered into skittishly, sometimes reluctantly. She doesn't dive into bed but flutters in like a wayward moth.
Elizabeth Lowell, Sweet Wind, Wild Wind|I'm not perfect. Remember that, and try to forgive me when I fail you.
Neil Leckman|If a book falls in the woods and nobody read it, was it ever written?
Hope Alcocer, Where Hope Lies|From the very first moment I saw you, "Hi." "Hi."My heart has raced with adrenaline. Stomach full of butterflies and one mind hopelessly full of love.
Tony Curl|What happened?” she asked, dropping to the damp ground beside Win. “Has Merripen been burned?” “Yes, on his back.” Win ripped a makeshift bandage from the hem of her own gown. “Beatrix, would you take this, please, and soak it in water?” Without a word, Beatrix scampered to the trough at the handpump. Win stroked Merripen’s thick black hair as he rested his head on his forearms. His breath hissed unevenly through his teeth. “Does it hurt, or is it numb?” Amelia asked. “Hurts like the devil,” he choked out. “That’s a good sign. A burn is much more serious if it’s numb.” He turned his head to give her a speaking glance.
Daniel O'Malley, The Rook|With the sort of power these new processes granted them, the members of the brotherhood were in the perfect position to seize power. In any other country, a massive, bloody war would have ensued. Horrors would have stalked the land, unholy amalgamations of flesh would have fought on the fields, and the nights would have new, unspeakable terrors.Fortunately, this is Belgium we're talking about.
C.S. Lewis, Letters to Malcolm: Chiefly on Prayer|For prayer is request. The essence of request, as distinct from compulsion, is that it may or may not be granted.
Joe Clark|She knew his secret: for all his wandering, his independence and his unorthodox ways, he took his responsibilities very seriously. He even borrowed others' responsibilities, making them his own simply because he thought this sort of service was owed to those whom he loved.
Jordan Silver, Broken|....what I’m really saying is that you knew, somewhere deep inside you knew that he wasn’t the one for you. I’ve always wondered with people who get divorced if the wronged party hadn’t seen it coming.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|There is a vibrational effect in every action, just as there is vibration that rings from every letter in every word.
Aaron Hartzler, What We Saw|Well, most of us think the “Merchant of Venice” is a porno script. On a more personal note, I’ve decided on pizza for dinner.
Jeanette LeBlanc|That thing you’re afraid of? That label you shy away from? That word that seems too bold? That audacious goal? The life you think you don’t deserve? Aren’t talented enough to have? Aren’t brave enough to claim? Fuck. That. Shit. None of that baggage you’ve been carrying around has a place this year. Kick to the the curb. Now. This year only has space for the bold and the audacious and the brave. Don’t try to convince me you are not those things. I know better and your excuses hold no weight here. You are brave and bold and audacious and one hell of a goddess. Always have been. Always will be. So fill every step you take with intention. Then remember that intention is worthless without action—so get a move on, sugar
John Bruna|The beauty of agile comes in with its incremental nature and use of empiricism to focus on three “I”s - Interaction, Iteration, and Improvement.
Frida Giannini|I always wanted to play a boxer because some of my favorite films, as a boy, were those great boxing movies, like 'Raging Bull', 'Rocky', 'The Set Up', 'Fat City and Hard Times'. I just loved those films.
Michel de Montaigne|I'm getting more and more bored with professional sports, but I still watch.
Abraham H. Maslow, Toward a Psychology of Being|In a word, growth and improvement can come through pain and conflict.
Cynthia Hand, My Lady Jane|Never give up on something you really want. It's difficult to wait, but more difficult to regret.
Pseudo-Dionysius the Areopagite|I know there is a moment when sound slips down the torn lining of itself into silence, is carried unheard and secret in its own pocket. But the crimson birds could find no such escape, no means of slipping beyond themselves between the cracks of color and song to a white undiscovered silence.
Michele Jennae|Bird of the skystill bound to the earth,soaring to unimaginable heightsyet returning to perch in the willow.Death is near, always nearand so...is lifeeven in the ashes.Rise Up Phoenix.Live. Fly. Create!
Nicole Eglinger, Falling|I can see the caravanserai, like a mirage in the distance. The heat hums. I thought I saw water. What would you have on these trade winds for your comfort?
Derek Landy, The Dying of the Light|The guarantee of safety in a battering relationship can never be based upon a promise from the perpetrator, no matter how heartfelt. Rather, it must be based upon the self-protective capability of the victim. Until the victim has developed a detailed and realistic contingency plan and has demonstrated her ability to carry it out, she remains in danger of repeated abuse.
Russell Kyle, Awakened Living: A Practical Guide to the Spiritual Life|Naked I came into the world, naked I shall go out of it! And a very good thing too, for it reminds me that I am naked under my shirt, whatever its colour.
Thomas Pynchon, Gravity's Rainbow|It means this War was never political at all, the politics was all theatre, all just to keep the people distracted … secretly, it was being dictated instead by the needs of technology … by a conspiracy between human beings and techniques, by something that needed the energy-burst of war, crying, “Money be damned, the very life of [insert name of Nation] is at stake,” but meaning, most likely, dawn is nearly here, I need my night’s blood, my funding, funding, ahh more, more … The real crises were crises of allocation and priority, not among firms – it was only staged to look that way – but among the different Technologies, Plastics, Electronics, Aircraft, and their needs which are understood only by the ruling elite …
Colleen McCullough, The Touch|We are not here together just to make children, Elizabeth. What we're going to do is sanctified by marriage. It's an act of love - of love. Not merely of the flesh, but of the mind and even the soul. There's nothing about it you shouldn't welcome.
Scott Heim, Mysterious Skin|She would roll up her sleeves and dispense with sentimentality, and do whatever blood-soaked, bad-smelling thing had to be done. She would become adept with axes.
A.S.A. Harrison, The Silent Wife|For having a Crazy Attitude Like me is not a Decease,because i think this is the only way to hide my Emotion and to Prove that I'm a Strong Person
Diane Samuels, Kindertransport: A Drama|A town teeming with life. Full to overflowing. And every day, the good people counted their blessings. Every single one…
Alex Haditaghi|IF PEOPLE ARE NOT LAUGHING AT YOUR GOALS, YOUR GOALS ARER TOO SMALL
Natalie Baszile, Queen Sugar|God does not expect of us what we cannot do, but He does expect what we can do.
Maggie Georgiana Young|Anal sex was my least favorite bedroom activity. Even through half a bottle of lube, the whole charade felt like pooping backwards. It was a negotiation token- something I begrudgingly did in exchange for backrubs and switching the television from football to Sex in the City. Anal sex was something I tolerated in order to be a cool girlfriend, because it was and still is common knowledge that that men love shoving their dicks in buttholes. Male buttholes, however, had their own rules and regulations. Everyone knew that men who allowed rectal access were gay. I didn’t question it. I didn’t analyze it. I only knew to treat the male asshole as if it had a grenade buried inside of it that could ignite a deadly explosion of anger, trauma, and sexual confusion.
Mehmet Murat ildan|There is a non-technical way to travel in time: Try to create religious generations in your country, then you will certainly travel back in time, into the old eras!
C. JoyBell C.|You only need one man to love you. But him to love you free like a wildfire, crazy like the moon, always like tomorrow, sudden like an inhale and overcoming like the tides. Only one man and all of this.
Margaret J. Wheatley|The whole macho thing has to be reexamined. Because in my view, the Bush administration was weak, not strong. To engage in a policy of torture is a weak policy. Because ultimately, it encourages the terrorists. It undermines our own values. It corrupts our system. And it doesn't get good intelligence.
Sanober  Khan|It is impossible for one to become happy in life, if one keeps holding on to the thoughts and beliefs that caused one's misery in the first place.
M. Larose, The Flower Eater|Inside the flower, within the very structure of its petals, my soul is an element of nature, at one with the blooming Meadow Pinx in the fields on the coast of Marnan.
Sebastian Thrun|Of course, preserving the American dream has always meant creating opportunity for the most recently arrived Americans - those who have come here from other parts of the globe to work hard and build a new, better life.
Mirza Sharafat Hussain Beigh|She never asked for money, for gifts and priced ones, she always asked me for priceless love that was worth billions, where I failed.
Lois Greiman, Unmanned|Apparently it takes, like, forty-seven muscles to frown. Flippin' the bird' s a hell of a lot easier.
James  Jones|Of all the things I dislike, I hate women worst.
Robert Putnam, American Grace: How Religion Divides and Unites Us|Once we know how observant a person is in terms of church attendance, nothing that we can discover about the content of her religious faith adds anything to our understanding or prediction of her good neighborliness...In fact, the statistics suggest that even an atheist who happened to become involved in the social life of the congregation (perhaps through a spouse) is much more likely to volunteer in a soup kitchen than the most fervent believer who prays alone. It is religious belongingness that matters for neighborliness, not religious believing.
Steve Maraboli|She was silent; the great wings almost stopped moving; only a delicate stirring seemed to keep them aloft. "Listen, then," Mrs. Whatsit said. The resonant voice rose and the words seemed to be all around them so that Meg felt that she could almost reach out and touch them: "Sing unto the Lord a new song, and His praise from the end of the earth, ye that go down to the sea, and all that there is therein; the isles, and the inhabitants thereof. Let the wilderness and the cities thereof lift their voice; let the inhabitants of the rock sing, let them shout from the top of the mountains. Let them give glory unto the Lord!
Anushka Bhartiya|When life is this dull, you have to invent purpose. Collecting torn-up newspaper gives you a hobby, provides an anchoring intimacy with your surroundings, keeps the streets clean. Or so you think. Then one day you wake up and realise that it was all a con: what you had thought was an escape from madness was in fact the arrival.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|Ron seems to be enjoying the celebrations.” said Hermione. “Don’t pretend you didn’t see him. He wasn’t exactly hiding it, was — ?”The door behind them burst open. To Harry’s horror, Ron came in, laughing, pulling Lavender by the hand. “Oh,” he said, drawing up short at the sight of Harry and Hermione.“Oops!” said Lavender, and she backed out of the room, giggling.There was a horrible, swelling, billowing silence. Hermione was staring at Ron, who refused to look at her. She walked very slowly and erectly toward the door. Harry glanced at Ron, who was looking relieved that nothing worse had hap
Constance Friday|Be careful of what you assume, what you assume will become what you consume
Michael Thomas Ford|I didn't realize there was a ranking." I said. "Sadie frowned. "What do you mean?" "A ranking," I said. "You know, what's crazier than what." "Oh, sure there is," Sadie said. She sat back in her chair. "First you have your generic depressives. They're a dime a dozen and usually pretty boring. Then you've got the bulimics and the anorexics. They're slightly more interesting, although usually they're just girls with nothing better to do. Then you start getting into the good stuff: the arsonists, the schizophrenics, the manic-depressives. You can never quite tell what those will do. And then you've got the junkies. They're completely tragic, because chances are they're just going to go right back on the stuff when they're out of here." "So junkies are at the top of the crazy chain," I said. Sadie shook her head. "Uh-uh," she said. "Suicides are." I looked at her. "Why?" "Anyone can be crazy," she answered. "That's usually just because there's something screwed up in your wiring, you know? But suicide is a whole different thing. I mean, how much do you have to hate yourself to want to just wipe yourself out?
Sarah Raasch|Family isn't always who you're born to. It's who you're with, who you love. Those families can even be stronger." - Meira, Frost Like Night
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|If you decide not to take action, you are going to fail, and even if you do take action, if you can’t keep up your motivation, you will simply end up back where you started.
John G. Stackhouse Jr., Making the Best of It: Following Christ in the Real World|Church wasn't designed by an architect (Technically, Jesus was a carpenter.). So why do we think of churches as buildings instead of groups of people who love Jesus?
Roma Tearne, Mosquito|Once you have been tortured, you can never belong in this world. There is no place that ever be your home.
Cynthia Sue Larson, Quantum Jumps: An Extraordinary Science of Happiness and Prosperity|Everyone now agrees that a physics lacking all connection with mathematics ... would only be an historical amusement, fitter for entertaining the idle than for occupying the mind of a philosopher.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|When Mohamed Ali started calling himself, "I'm the Greatest", he wasn't actually the greatest. This means that you don't need to be successful before you can talk about success or you don't need to be wealthy before you can talk about wealth creation.Saying positive things on your dreams is the first step of experiencing success in real life.
Alejandro Pérez|You are the patient one, Mademoiselle,' said Poirot to Miss Debenham.She shrugged her shoulders slightly. 'What else can one do?'You are a philosopher, Mademoiselle.'That implies a detached attitude. I think my attitude is more selfish. I have learned to save myself useless emotion.
David Wilkerson|You can't walk alone. Many have given the illusion, but none have really walked alone. Man is not made that way. Each man is bedded in his people, their history, their culture, and their values.
Zia Haider Rahman, In the Light of What We Know|What a tricky and uncomfortable thing is conscience, that nearly always begins to trouble us at the moment of, or after, the event, not before, when it might be of some use.
Harold S. Kushner, Overcoming Life's Disappointments|. . . Thisis not the same river at my fingertips. 	There are no paths, no sunken roadsfamiliar in the forest, by which we canretrace our steps, by which we can escapeby which we can reclaim and return, or hear the child’s song running in the timothy . . .
Gary Allan|The juvenile sea squirt wanders through the sea searching for a suitable rock or hunk of coral to cling to and make its home for life. For this task, it has a rudimentary nervous system. When it finds its spot and takes root, it doesn't need its brain anymore so it eats it!
Hallie Lord, On the Other Side of Fear: How I Found Peace|When God created each of us, he tucked a little bit of his divine imagination into our souls. He did this, I think, so that we can conceive of the fact that our world contains so much more than we can see, feel, and touch.
Sui Ishida, Tokyo Ghoul, tome 1|The girl lives in a beautiful dollhouse made of stone, I wrote one time in my diary when I was young, my handwriting shaky but sure. But underneath her shining plastic smile, there are only screams.
Mark Doty, Heaven's Coast: A Memoir|Desire I think has less to do with possession than with participation, the will to involve oneself in the body of the world, in the principle of things expressing itself in splendid specificity, a handful of images: a lover’s irreplaceable body, the roil and shimmer of the sea overshot with sunlight, a handful of cherries, the texture and weight of a word. The word that seems most apt is partake… We can say we partake of something but we may just as accurately say we take part in something’ we are implicated in another being, which is always the beginning of wisdom, isn’t it- that involvement which enlarges us, which engages the heart, which takes out of the routine limitations of self?
Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays|Marriage, in what is evidently its most popular version, is now on the one hand an intimate 'relationship' involving (ideally) two successful careerists in the same bed, and on the other hand a sort of private political system in which rights and interests must be constantly asserted and defended. Marriage, in other words, has now taken the form of divorce: a prolonged and impassioned negotiation as to how things shall be divided. During their understandably temporary association, the 'married' couple will typically consume a large quantity of merchandise and a large portion of each other.The modern household is the place where the consumptive couple do their consuming. Nothing productive is done there. Such work as is done there is done at the expense of the resident couple or family, and to the profit of suppliers of energy and household technology. For entertainment, the inmates consume television or purchase other consumable diversion elsewhere.There are, however, still some married couples who understand themselves as belonging to their marriage, to each other, and to their children. What they have they have in common, and so, to them, helping each other does not seem merely to damage their ability to compete against each other. To them, 'mine' is not so powerful or necessary a pronoun as 'ours.'This sort of marriage usually has at its heart a household that is to some extent productive. The couple, that is, makes around itself a household economy that involves the work of both wife and husband, that gives them a measure of economic independence and self-employment, a measure of freedom, as well as a common ground and a common satisfaction. (From "Feminism, the Body, and the Machine")
Sayed Kashua|You can't have an up without a down, a right without a left, a back without a front - or a happy without a sad.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|We do not claim that the portrait we are making is the whole truth, only that it is a resemblance.
Trey Parker|I grew up with the religion of 'Star Wars,' frankly. That's when I realized there is something bigger out there... and it's called The Force.
Anna Getty|Software is like gardening - one day I'll go behind the shed and clean up. But if nobody ever goes there, does it matter a lot?
Larry Doyle, I Love You, Beth Cooper|I'm sorry I'm so pathetic," he thought, and then realized he had also said it.Beth laughed, so lightly and so kindly that Denis felt it in his chest, not his stomach.Can I tell you a se
Mehmet Murat ildan|Your eyes have the colour of the moon,
Kang Chol-Hwan, The Aquariums of Pyongyang: Ten Years in the North Korean Gulag|If you are in doubt about what's balanced, look to the natural world. Animals know the right paths.
Dannielle Wicks, Broken Sunrise|And for the first time since I woke in the alley--I don't want to die. I want to live. I want to see Miya again, and Matthew and Ashlee and Sammy and Kai. I want to live long enough to see my mom and dad again, and my sister, Lily.
Debasish Mridha|Ah! Let the soul dance with joyLet us sit in dark deep silencenow feel, see and enjoy!
Benny Bellamacina, The King of Rhyme|I grew up once, I decided never to do it again
Bob Dylan, Chronicles, Vol. 1|The lad, like many another, owed nothing to his father but his mere existence—Heaven knows whether that gift is oftenest a curse or a boon.
Walt Disney Company|Here you leave today and enter the world of yesterday, tomorrow, and fantasy.
Ikechukwu Izuakor, Great Reflections on Success|Live like Jesus, pray like Jesus, love like Jesus, serve like Jesus but don't hand yourself over to the enemy like Him.
Leo Tolstoy, The Kingdom of God Is Within You|...And there really are men who believe in this, who spend their time in promoting Leagues of Peace, in delivering addresses, and in writing books; and of course the governments sympathize with it all, pretending that they approve of it; just as they pretend to support temperance, while they actually derive the larger part of their income from intemperance; just as they pretend to maintain liberty of the constitution, when it is the absence of liberty to which they owe their power; just as they pretend to care for the improvement of the laboring classes, while on oppression of the workman rest the very foundations of the State; just as they pretend to uphold Christianity, when Christianity is subversive of every government.
John C. Maxwell|If we're growing, we're always going to be out of our comfort zone.
J. Sheridan Le Fanu, Carmilla|But stones, too, can lie.
C. Kennedy, Ómorphi|I don’t mean to take the bow off the end of your rain, but you gotta be smart about your first boyfriend.
Oswald Chambers, My Utmost for His Highest|God cannot deliver me while my interest is merely in my own character. Paul was not conscious of himself. He was recklessly abandoned, totally surrendered, and separated by God for one purpose--to proclaim the gospel of God.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|All great people had critics, but they still believe in beauty of their dreams.
Katherine Dunn, Geek Love|Sometimes when I felt the eyes crawling on me from all sides, I got scared thinking someone was looking who wasn’t just curious. I knew it was my imagination and I got used to it, learned to shunt it away. But sometimes I held onto it quietly, that feeling that someone behind or beside me in the crowd – some guy leaning on the target booth with a rifle, or some cranky sweating father spending too much on ride tickets to keep his kids away from him – anybody could be looking at me in the sidelong way that norms use to look at freaks, but thinking of me twitching and biting at the dirt while my guts spilled out of the big escape hatch he’d cut for them… a feeling like that is special. Sometimes you hold onto it quietly for a while.
Richard Paul Evans, Finding Noel|The contemplative man always lives alone. Regardless of who may reside in his home, his is a solitary world.
Jordon Greene, They'll Call It Treason|Fear, that’s the great motivator though. Fear keeps it all in check. Fear of one’s neighbor. Fear of those who don’t look like you. Fear of those who live in some barren desert halfway across the globe,” Sean continued. “Domestic terrorism, just as much as fear of those abroad has helped people accept more intrusion into their everyday lives. To accept less freedom as freedom itself.
Václav Havel|This is the moment when something once more begins visibly to happen, something truly new and unique...something truly historical, in the sense that history again demands to be heard.
A.E.H. Veenman|I didn't like the calm tone reminiscent of his composure at the library, nor was I comfortable with his blank expression. We had a crime scene without forensics, and a body without a medical examiner. If I didn't counter whatever fresh hell Edward was about to unleash, we’d also lose concrete evidence we had yet to procure.--Prepped for the Kill, Marjorie Gardens Mystery Book 2
Marcel Dionne|The striking thing about the Precious Blood is the bond it establishes between love and suffering in our experience, a bond that has become so close that we have come to think of suffering accepted with joy as the most authentic sign of love with any depth at all.
Rachel Caine, Fall of Night|I think one of the problems in this country is that too many people are screwing things up, committing crimes and then getting on with their lives. What is really needed for public officials who shame themselves is ritual suicide.
Himmilicious|sometimesmoms are bribes,bludgeoning,with tongues that chase youwhenever you get a chance passed a mirror
Sam Starbuck, The Dead Isle|Do you always try to upset the world as much as possible?" Clare asked.He gave her a surprised look. "Of course. Otherwise how does anything change?
Doris Lessing|So many struggled so that all of us could have a voice in this great democracy and live up to the first three words of our constitution: We the people. I love that phrase so much. Throughout our country's history, we've expanded the meaning of that phrase to include more and more of us. That's what it means to move forward.
Misty Edwards|I want to be a woman who lives totally abandoned to the first commandment: to love my Lord, my God, with all my heart. I don’t want the reputation that I love God, I don’t want to write songs about loving God, I don’t want to talk about loving God. I want to actually love God. When I close my eyes, I want my heart to move. When I close my eyes and I look at Him, I want to feel alive on the inside. I want to look at Him with a fire in my heart and it’s real.
Dean Koontz, The Face of Fear|When everyone hates a person, you should investigate thoroughly, and when everyone loves a person, you should also investigate thoroughly.
Rucy Ban, All My Life|Again, there were maidens who cherished the firm belief that he had come from the sea. Because within his breast could be heard the roaring of the sea. Because in the pupils of his eyes there lingered the mysterious and eternal horizon that the sea leaves as a keepsake deep in the eyes of all who are born at the seaside and forced to depart from it. Because his signs were sultry like the tidal breezes of full summer, fragrant with the smell of seaweed cast upon the shore.
Anna Bondoc|I don't think we can afford to emulate the beauty editors of fashion magazines, airbrushing out blemishes and hawking a political ideal in which progressive people have no acne, no stupid remarks.
Adelaide Crapsey, Verse by Adelaide Crapsey|Seen on a night in November How frail Above the bulk Of crashing water hangs, Autumn, evanescent, wan, The moon.
Isabel Wilkerson, The Warmth of Other Suns: The Epic Story of America's Great Migration|Without the presence of black people in America, European-Americans would not be "white"-- they would be Irish, Italians, Poles, Welsh, and other engaged in class, ethnic, and gender struggles over resources and identity. (p. 107-108)
William J. H. Boetcker|Our success educationally, industrially and politically is based upon the protection of a nation founded by ourselves. And the nation can be nowhere else but in Africa.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets|Oh well... I'd just been thinking, if you had died, you'd have been welcome to share my toilet.
Chandana Roy, A Good Girl|In that case, which would be the lesser of two evils—terror cabin with a psycho or beach estate with a weirdo?
Heather McVea, Turn Darkly|W. S. Plumer said, “We never see sin aright until we see it as against God...All sin is against God in this sense: that it is His law that is broken, His authority that is despised, His government that is set at naught...Pharaoh and Balaam, Saul and Judas each said, ‘I have sinned’; but the returning prodigal said, ‘I have sinned against heaven and before thee’; and David said, ‘Against Thee, Thee only have I sinned.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|Forgiveness does not change the past, that’s for sure, but it does change the future.
Germany Kent|Positive thinking is powerful thinking. If you want happiness, fulfillment, success and inner peace, start thinking you have the power to achieve those things. Focus on the bright side of life and expect positive results.
Elvis Mitchell|The thing that runs through the British film industry even today is a lot of unsung movies are financially the bigger ones. Even though they weren't always the greatest of movies, something in them was very potent which people loved.
Charon Lloyd-Roberts, PUTSCH. Volume I|How is it you can talk so nicely?' Alice said, hoping to get it into a better temper by a compliment. 'I've been in many gardens before, but none of the flowers could talk.''Put your hand down, and feel the ground,' said the Tiger-lily. 'Then you'll know why.'Alice did so. 'It's very hard,' she said, 'but I don't see what that has to do with it.''In most gardens,' the Tiger-lily said, 'they make the beds too soft - so that the flowers are always asleep.
Margaret MacMillan|We can learn from history, but we can also deceive ourselves when we selectively take evidence from the past to justify what we have already made up our minds to do.
Shannon L. Alder|Advances in communication technology foster a false fantasy of togetherness by transmitting the impression of contact- phone calls, faxes, e-mail- without its substance. And when a relationship is ailing from frank time deprivation, both parties often aver that nothing can be done. Every activity they spend time on (besides each other) has been classified as indispensable: cleaning the house, catching the news, balancing the checkbook. (205)
Friedrich Nietzsche, The Birth of Tragedy|The satyr, as the Dionysiac chorist, dwells in a reality sanctioned by myth and ritual. That tragedy should begin with him, that the Dionysiac wisdom of tragedy should speak through him, is as puzzling a phenomenon as, more generally, the origin of tragedy from the chorus. Perhaps we can gain a starting point for this inquiry by claiming that the satyr, that fictive nature sprite, stands to cultured man in the same relation as Dionysian music does to civilization. Richard Wagner has said of the latter that it is absorbed by music as lamplight by daylight. In the same manner, I believe, the cultured Greek felt himself absorbed into the satyr chorus, and in the next development of Greek tragedy state and society, in fact everything that separates man from man, gave way before an overwhelming sense of unity that led back into the heart of nature. This metaphysical solace (which, I wish to say at once, all true tragedy sends us away) that, despite every phenomenal change, life is at bottom indestructibly joyful and powerful, was expressed most concretely in the chorus of satyrs, nature beings who dwell behind all civilization and preserve their identity through every change of generations and historical movement.With this chorus the profound Greek, so uniquely susceptible to the subtlest and deepest suffering, who had penetrated the destructive agencies of both nature and history, solaced himself. Though he had been in danger of craving a Buddhistic denial of the will, he was saved through art, and through art life reclaimed him.
Ben Horowitz|Our culture already has a number of well known stories about artificial life and non-human intelligence. In 'Exegesis,' I've tried to not only tell a new and engaging story but also to comment on those well known stories through the details of my novel.
Nikki Rowe|Logic is trying to trick my mind into believing that what my heart is saying, is a lie ~ That's why I'll scream it loud and clear, Your heart knows what your mind won't always hear.
Keira Cass|It’s a funny thing to be the product of a fairy-tale romance. It’s another thing to think you might find one yourself. You can read the stories and watch the movies, and you can think you know how it’s all supposed to unfold.But the truth is, love is as much fate as it is planning, as much a beauty as it is a disaster.Finding a prince might mean kissing a lot of frogs. Or kicking a lot of frogs out of your house. Falling might mean running headfirst into something you always wanted. Or dipping your toe into something you’ve been scared of your whole life. Happily ever after could be waiting in a field a mile wide. Or a window as narrow as seven minutes.
Mya Waechtler|Stand up and let the world hear your roar, now spread your wings and begin to soar.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Discover an interest, a passion, a preference or need your client has, and take the time to give them some small item related to it. By making the extra effort to learn about the person and their business, you become very appealing and much more memorable.
Christie Brinkley|No matter how bad things are, you can at least be happy that you woke up this morning.
Kym Whitley|I think if I hadn't been a writer, I'd have been a teacher like my dad. He was a college professor, and one of my greatest regrets is that he passed away before I was able to prove to him that I wasn't going to be stuck working at Rax Roast Beef for the rest of my life!
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|I believe that if markets were hidden deep in obscured places, it would definitely be impossible for some people to get there to make transactions! If you secluded yourself out of sight, your dreams cannot go that far!
Henry V. O'Neil, CHOP Line|With all the god-awful suffering in this war, I suppose somebody ought to be enjoying it.
Siddhartha Mukherjee, The Gene: An Intimate History|When we change and grow into new versions of ourselves, we have to tolerate a lot of uncertainty.
Sang Kromah, Concealed|Well, there is one boy- a boy that I've thought about forever. The sad part about it is that he lives in a world that only exists when the sun has expired and the moon stands alone in the sky- my dreams. Very sad to say it, but he'd the only boy I've ever taken the chance to think about." Concealed
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|To evade arrogance, remind yourself (from time to time) that your talent or success could have been better. To be thankful, remind yourself (every now and then) that your illness or failure could have been worse.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|When you are mindfully focused, the person with whom you are communicating feels that you are making them a priority—that you value their time and their perspective. It is in these moments that we can go to deeper levels of discovery, exploration, and connection. It is one of the most valuable gifts and finest compliments you can give to another.
Imran Khan|Hatred is very powerful. It can overpower love. When a man burns in the fire of hatred, he cannot feel any love, and is willing to destroy his enemy even if it kills him. It is amazing to note that a leader who may be driven to act against another in hatred, may be showered with love in the process. People who share his hatred may love him for rising up to the challenge.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|The warmly cool, clear, ringing, perfumed, overflowing, redundant days, were as crystal goblets of Persian sherbet, heaped up—flaked up, with rose-water snow.
Lev|If you let others influence you, they will also let you influence them. But if you're only trying to teach them something, and put your ideas into people's brains, you will never succeed.
Richelle E. Goodrich|I love words.  I crave descriptions that overwhelm my imagination with vivid detail.  I dwell on phrases that make my heart thrum.  I cherish expressions that pierce my emotions and force the tears to spill over.   In essence, I long for a writer's soul sealed in ink on the page.
Neil Denari|My university degree is in art and, yes, I do a lot of drawing for all my books. I have a big drafting table set up in a spare bedroom and I cover it with maps and house plans and sketches that I use in the books. Also, I truly love architecture, so that plays a big part in all my books.
Debasish Mridha|I may not be able to leave behind wealth or splendor, but I will try to leave behind examples and stories of my love and kindness to inspire you to be kind and spread the message of kindness.
Isaac Slade|Solutions, not problems; they're in there somewhere.
Anne Ursu, The Real Boy|At each step there is a small moment of transformation that cannot be overlooked or rushed. And these moments should not be, because they are beautiful.
M.F. Moonzajer|The thing is', (Rufus) Stone said, 'that if you don't believe that you are an old man, or a woman, or a tramp, then how can you expect anyone else to believe you? Looking the part is just the surface; being the part is the true disguise.
Stephen Richards, Scottish Hard Bastards|No one was expecting the six-man team of elite SAS officers to storm the prison, but that is exactly what they did do. Hurling stun grenade and tear gas canisters, they entered the jail through a skylight before freeing the terrified prison warder.
Lorrie Moore, Like Life|Maybe these whole woods are haunted with crushed girl ghosts and that's what I'm hearing. They're coming to check me out, make sure I'm cool. Which I'm not, so they'll be disappointed.
Jay Woodman|Yes I am weird, weird is good. Normal is overrated.
Sarah Bernhardt|Every time you get angry, you poison your own system.
Debasish Mridha|To inspire others, be an example and live by example.
Salman Rushdie, Joseph Anton: A Memoir|LIBERTY, when it begins to take root, is a plant of rapid growth.
Conn Iggulden, Conqueror|There is a price for all things, my son, for all men. I have merely to find his.
Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook|I've needed someone like you for a long time. Now that I have you, no one is going to take you from me.Logan to Madeline
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Ruth once wrote, “Dear Journal, Never let a single day pass without saying an encouraging word to each child . . .‘More people fail for lack of encouragement,’ someone wrote, ‘than for any other reason.
Munindra Misra, Devi Mahatmayam in English Rhyme|She did not tell him this, because it would hurt him to know she had felt that way for a while, that her relationship with him was like being content in a house but always sitting by the window and looking out.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Be what, you wishes to be.
Linda Howard, Mr. Perfect|...a kid, maybe eight years old, ran up and poked her in the ribs with a plastic laser weapon, making electric zinging noises as he repeatedly pulled the trigger. “You’re dead,” he said victoriously. His mother came hurrying up, looking harassed and helpless. “Damian, stop that!” She gave him a smile that was little more than a grimace. “Don’t bother the nice people.” “Shut up,” he said rudely. “Can’t you see they’re Terrons from Vaniot.”The kid poked her in the ribs again. “Ouch!” He made those zinging noises again, taking great pleasure in her discomfort. She plastered a big smile on her face and leaned down closer to precious Damian, then cooed in her most alienlike voice, “Oh, look, a little earthling.” She straightened and gave Sam a commanding look. “Kill it.” Damian’s mouth fell open. His eyes went as round as quarters as he took in the big pistol on Sam’s belt. From his open mouth began to issue a series of shrill noises that sounded like a fire alarm. Sam cursed under his breath, grabbed Jaine by the arm, and began tugging her at a half-trot toward the front of the store. She managed to snag her purse from the buggy as she went past. “Hey, my groceries!” she protested. “You can spend another three minutes in here tomorrow and get them,” he said with pent-up violence. “Right now I’m trying to keep you from getting arrested.”“For what?” she asked indignantly as he dragged her out of the automatic doors. People were turning to look at them, but most were following the sounds of Damian’s shrieks to aisle seven. “How about threatening to kill that brat and causing a riot?” “I didn’t threaten to loll him! I just ordered you to.
Ernest Becker, The Denial of Death|Too much possibility is the attempt by the person to overvalue the powers of the symbolic self. It reflects the attempt to exaggerate one half of the human dualism at the expense of the other. In this sense, what we call schizophrenia is an attempt by the symbolic self to deny the limitations of the finite body; in doing so, the entire person is pulled off balance and destroyed. It is as though the freedom of creativity that stems from within the symbolic self cannot be contained by the body, and the person is torn apart. This is how we understand schizophrenia today, as the split of self and body, a split in which the self is unanchored, unlimited, not bound enough to everyday Things, not contained enough in dependable physical behavior.
Katandra Jackson Nunnally Katandra Shanel Jackson|While he was conscious of improving at every stroke, he did not feel that the other was asserting any superiority over him; and so, though more humble than at the most disastrous period of his downward voyage, he was getting into a better temper every minute.
Auliq Ice|This advice comes as a surprise: job searching is not joblessness; it is a job in itself and should be structured to resemble one, right down to the more regrettable features of employment, like having to follow orders--orders which are in this case self-generated.
Lindsay McKenna, Wind River Wrangler|Emma Garcia gripped the steering wheel of the stolen pick-up truck she wished she wasn’t driving. In the entirety of her twenty-six years, she hadn’t taken as much as a piece of gum without paying for it, until today…
Pandora Tolson, Erin|You think it's all rather too "New Age" to be taken seriously, eh?''Not at all.''But it's an ancient discipline...''New Age disciplines invariably are,' Beede said, disparagingly, 'but in the modern world they lack context - we just pick them up and then toss them back down again, we consume them. They have no moral claim on us. No moral value. And without that they're rendered meaningless, fatuous, even.
Grace Gealey|We must respect the past, and mistrust the present, if we wish to provide for the safety of the future.
Peter E|Life is not about receiving. It's about giving, knowing that someone might learn, understand or grow that little bit from the experience.
Herman Cain|If the world market believed that we were serious about energy independence and we were going to utilize all of our own existing resources, the speculators would stop speculating up they start speculating down as we get our own oil out of the ground.
Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy|Arthur blinked at the screens and felt he was missing something important. Suddenly he realized what it was."Is there any tea on this spaceship?" he asked.
Pierre Corneille|Problems or successes, they all are the results of our own actions. Karma. The philosophy of action is that no one else is the giver of peace or happiness. One's own karma, one's own actions are responsible to come to bring either happiness or success or whatever.
Steven Johnson, Where Good Ideas Come From: The Natural History of Innovation|Bill Gates (and his successor at Microsoft, Ray Ozzie) are famous for taking annual reading vacations. During the year they deliberately cultivate a stack of reading material—much of it unrelated to their day-to-day focus at Microsoft—and then they take off for a week or two and do a deep dive into the words they’ve stockpiled. By compressing their intake into a matter of days, they give new ideas additional opportunities to network among themselves, for the simple reason that it’s easier to remember something that you read yesterday than it is to remember something you read six months ago.
Michael Moorcock|I don't know if cats understand what their owners say, but they do have a strong survival instinct.
Ken Ham, The Lie: Evolution|All powers have two sides, the power to create and the power to destroy. We must recognize them both, but invest our gifts on the side of creation.
M.F. Moonzajer|I would like to be with you, but I do love my loneliness too.
Victoria Pendleton|The Horny Toad in Cave Creek has great food. When I'm in Arizona, I have at least one meal there. I have a daughter who lives out there, and Dee Dee Wood, who was the choreographer on 'Mary Poppins,' lives out there. I still get out there once in a while, but not in the summer.
Michael Pollan|If we are serious about moving toward energy independence in a cost-effective way, we should invest in solar energy. If we are serious about cutting air and water pollution and reducing greenhouse gas emissions, we should invest in solar energy.
Diana Gabaldon, The Scottish Prisoner|Soldiers manage by dividing themselves. They're one man in the killing, another at home, and the man that dandles his bairn on his knee has nothing to do wi' the man who crushed his enemy's throat with his boot, so he tells himself, sometimes successfully.
Brie Larson|I just really like learning. I have to keep using my brain; otherwise, I get depressed.
Ezra Taft Benson|Magic is a state of mind. It is often portrayed as very black and gothic, and that is because certain practitioners played that up for a sense of power and prestige. That is a disservice. Magic is very colorful. Of this, I am sure.
Robert Louis Stevenson|Heart and character have no gender, religion nor color.
Laurann Dohner, Smiley|Hey, Cath. Will you warn me when you take off your glasses?
Kiersten Fay, Demon Possession|Sighing, he settled into his chair, watching the vision of space at his front. It was stoic, calm, and never ending—deadly, if you weren't careful.
Nicholas Sparks|If conversation was the lyrics, laughter was the music, making time spent together a melody that could be replayed over and over without getting stale.
Dana Marton, Deathwish|She shifted, bringing them closer. The blanket slipped down to her waist, revealing a blue tee shirt that shouldn't have been sexy, but fit her curves like a second skin and molded her perfect breasts. Their breath mingled. The air charged around them. Their gazes met and locked.	Then Lucas sealed his fate and dropped his gaze to her parted lips.	"I don't want to be alone tonight," she whispered.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Avoid impious people,run from fools,seek out the wise.
Willie Nelson|Mr. B used to take the Denver Post and clip coupons in his sunny dining room till he said he 'got fed up with having to pay for it.' Now, he clips coupons from the library’s newspaper copy. The man’s circumspect ways have, of course, kept him situated in his own home throughout the aging process, which he likes.
Alex Turner|I don't have a trainer. I have what I call 'the poor man's workout and the rich man's diet.' I run for 1 hour every day and do 500 sit-ups and 1000 crunches, and I lift weights at the Y for 28 bucks a month, even if it's 3 in the morning.
Meredith Russo, If I Was Your Girl|His shadow stretched out past mine. I remembered Mom telling me how frightening men were, all men really, how helpless it often felt to be a woman among men, and for the first time I understood what she meant.
Seré Prince Halverson, All the Winters After|It had always been a breathtaking view, the kind that made him inhale and forget to exhale . . .
Henrikh Mkhitaryan|Before I get out of bed, I am saying thank you. I know how important it is to be thankful.
Michael Ondaatje|Read him slowly, dear girl, you must read Kipling slowly. Watch carefully where the commas fall so you can discover the natural pauses. He is a writer who used pen and ink. He looked up from the page a lot, I believe, stared through his window and listened to birds, as most writers who are alone do. Some do not know the names of birds, though he did. Your eye is too quick and North American. Think about the speed of his pen. What an appalling, barnacled old first paragraph it is otherwise.
Natalie Dormer|The idea of prosthetics is a tool. Most people's cell phones are prosthetics. If you leave your cell phone at home, you feel impacted by not having it. It's an important part of your daily function and what you can do in a day.
Shūichi Yoshida, Parade|Remember, it's still a mystery to be an adult. If you knew it all before eighteen, you'd have nothing to look forward to.
W. Somerset Maugham|We must first and foremost defend Hungary's independence and sovereignty, and, if needed, we must regain it.
Immanuel Kant|From the crooked timber of humanity, a straight board cannot be hewn.
Hal Borland|There is no greater power in Heaven or on Earth than pure, unconditional love. The nature of the God force, the unseen intelligence in all things, which causes the material world and is the center of both the spiritual and physical plane, is best described as pure, unconditional love.
Jules Verne, Journey to the Center of the Earth|So, fatality will play me these terrible tricks. The elements themselves conspire to overwhelm me with mortification. Air, fire, and water combine their united efforts to oppose my passage. Well, they shall see what the earnest will of a determined man can do. I will not yield, I will not retreat even one inch; and we shall see who shall triumph in this great contest - man or nature.
Shane E. Bryan|Have you failed today? If not, you might not be trying hard enough. Failure is a part of growth, a stepping stone towards success. In its own right it is a small victory and should be celebrated as such. So I ask you again, have you failed today?
joey tempest|Days filled with joy and days filled with sorrowI don't know just what to do, Am I happy today, am I lonely tomorrow ..Everything depends on you ,I've been waiting for the angels to knock on my door ,I've been hopin' that everything ould be like before
Michelle Sagara, Silence|Everything happens at night.The world changes, the shadows grow, there's secrecy and privacy in dark places. First kiss at night, by the monkey bars and the old swings that the children and their parents have vacated; second, longer kiss, by the bike stands, swirl of dust around feet in the dry summer air. Awkward words, like secrets just waiting to be broken, the struggle to find the right ones, the heady fear of exposure --- what if, what if --- the joy when the words are returned. Love, in the parkette, while the moon waxes and the clouds pass.Promises at night. Not first promises --- those are so old they can't be remembered --- but new promises, sharp and biting; they almost hurt to say, but it's a good hurt. Dreams at night, before sleep, and dreams during sleep.Everything, always, happens at night.
Jacob M. Appel, Scouting for the Reaper|wup-wup-wup" - Pil and Popo
Debasish Mridha M.D.|When I look into my past, only then can I see the trending future.
Pope Francis|Few things can help an individual more than to place responsibility on him, and to let him know that you trust him.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|ALL HE COULD SEE, IN EVERY DIRECTION, WAS WATER. It was June 23, 1943. Somewhere on the endless expanse of the Pacific Ocean, Army Air Forces bombardier and Olympic runner Louie Zamperini lay across a small raft, drifting westward. Slumped alongside him was a sergeant, one of his plane’s gunners. On a separate raft, tethered to the first, lay another crewman, a gash zigzagging across his forehead. Their bodies, burned by the sun and stained yellow from the raft dye, had winnowed down to skeletons. Sharks glided in lazy loops around them, dragging their backs along the rafts, waiting.
Jean Leclercq, The Love of Learning and the Desire God: A Study of Monastic Culture|In the Middle Ages, as in antiquity, they read usually, not as today, principally with the eyes, but with the lips, pronouncing what they saw, and with the ears, listening to the words pronounced. hearing what is called the "voices of the pages." It is a real acoustical reading.
Skyla Madi, Salvation|Life comes at you hard and fast, it doesn’t slow for anybody. It weathers you, destroys you. It breaks down your mind, body, and soul until there’s nothing left. Then what?
Sebastian Vettel|Flattery is a kind of bad money, to which our vanity gives us currency.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|You can drive in your imaginations to make a tour to your future, visit it and see all kinds of good things hiding in there. But you have to take bold actions before you can truly relocate into what you see!
Abhijit Naskar, The Krishna Cancer|Brutality goes hand in hand with orthodoxy, be it Christian, Hindu, Muslim, Jewish, Atheistic or any other.
William Styron, Sophie's Choice|When stress is the problem, slack is the solution.
David Hoffmeister, Unwind Your Mind Back to God:  Experiencing A Course in Miracles|People are afraid of change. Change is inevitable to life. Change actually has the mask of pushing us out of comfort zone. Every time we learn, go through life experiences our perception/Emotional chemistry is changing. Embrace change because we are becoming a more polished version of ourselves.
Annie Brewer, Choices|Now, watching her sleep, and closing his eyes, he felt, in this particular intimacy - stowed beneath her duvet - that he was intruding. At the same time, he knew, settling down, you couldn´t dislike anyone you'd seen sleep
Bill Maher, New Rules: Polite Musings from a Timid Observer|So you’re her brother?” says Lynn. “I guess we know who got the good genes.”I laugh at the expression on Caleb’s face, his mouth drawn into a slight pucker and his eyes wide.
David Bentley Hart, Atheist Delusions: The Christian Revolution and Its Fashionable Enemies|In a republican nation, whose citizens are to be led by reason and persuasion and not by force, the art of reasoning becomes of first importance
Juliette Lewis|If you believe - which I do - that acting is a bit like advocacy for your character, then of course I want to find the positive points.
Chris DiSano Davenport|Be aware! Bad things can happen and the bigger they are, the greater the test. You can learn from them or pity yourself and focus on the negative, which will never get you out of the lesson, remember you hold the key!”Den the Wise Oak Tree, See the little people…An Enchanting Adventure
Anna White, Mended: Thoughts on Life, Love, and Leaps of Faith|I think this is what we all want to hear: that we are not alone in hitting the bottom, and that it is possible to come out of that place courageous, beautiful, and strong.
Harshit Walia|Whole life is a search for beauty. But, when the beauty is found inside, the search ends and a beautiful journey begins.
Alexander Zalan, Inspiration Per Moment|Endeavour to explore the surrounding world, try to do your best and jump over you head, only in that case you'll achieve a result.
James Patterson, Saving the World and Other Extreme Sports|This American system of ours', he shouted, 'call it Americanism, call it capitalism, call it what you like, gives to each and every one of us a great opportunity if only we seize it with both hands, and make the most of it'. A month later in New York I was telling this story to Mr John Walter, minority owner of The Times. He asked me why I had not written the Capone interview for the paper. I explained that when I had come to put my notes together, I saw that most of what Capone had said was in essence identical with what was being said in the leading articles of The Times itself, and I doubted whether the paper would be best pleased to find itself seeing eye to eye with the most notorious gangster in Chicago.
Satuin Segi|Daddy," she says again, this time putting more of a needy whine into her voice. It is the thing that has swayed him, these times when he has come near to turning on her: remembering that she is his little girl. Reminding him that he has been, up to today, a good father.It is a manipulation. Something of her is warped out of true by this moment, and from now on all her acts of affection toward her father will be calculated, performative. Her childhood dies, for all intents and purposes. But that is better than all of her dying, she knows.
Demetri Martin|Smart businesses do not look at labor costs alone anymore. They do look at market access, transportation, telecommunications infrastructure and the education and skill level of the workforce, the development of capital and the regulatory market.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|We must allow people the space and time of discovery, and trust in all that is to come.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We must have a virile, dynamic, aggressive Christian who lives Christ seven days a week, who is ready to die, if necessary, for his faith.
Johann Christoph Arnold, Endangered: Your Child in a Hostile World|A mother is a mother from the moment her baby is first placed in her arms until eternity. It didn't matter if her child were three, thirteen, or thirty.
Jane Wilson-Howarth, A Glimpse of Eternal Snows: A Journey of Love and Loss in the Himalayas|Many fall into the trap of championing the exact theology of a saint from the past, which can have errors and imbalances, and then they perpetuate these problems into the modern Christian world. Such believers are sadly being guided more by their zeal and reading of past saints than by their personal walk with the Lord and the guidance of the Spirit of God in their lives.
Dean Koontz, A Big Little Life:  A Memoir of a Joyful Dog|There are talking dogs all over the place, unbelievably boring they are, on and on and on about sex and shit and smells, and smells and shit and sex, and do you love me, do you love me, do you love me.
Thomas Aquinas|The moral virtues, then, are produced in us neither by nature nor against nature. Nature, indeed, prepares in us the ground for their reception, but their complete formation is the product of habit.
Grandma Moses|The theological virtue of hope is the patient and trustful willingness to live without closure, without resolution, and still be content and even happy because our Satisfaction is now at another level, and our Source is beyond ourselves.
Debasish Mridha|Like Mother Theresa, your greatness unfolds by the kindness you show to the weakest members of humanity.
Tracy March, Could've Said Yes|Baby, the tumbleweeds can wait.
Brandon Sanderson, The Hero of Ages|Sam?”“Yeah.”“I was on the school bus that day. Remember?”“Vaguely,” he said, and laughed. “My fifteen minutes of fame.”“You were the bravest, coolest person I’d ever known. Everyone thought so. You were the hero of the whole school. And then, I don’t know. It was like you kind of just…faded.”He resented that a little. He hadn’t faded. Had he? “Well, most days the bus driver doesn’t have a heart attack,” Sam said.Astrid laughed. “You’re one of those people, I think. You go along in your life just sort of living. And then something goes wrong and there you are. You step up and do what you have to do. Like today, the fire.”“Yeah, well, to tell you the truth, I kind of prefer the other part. The part where I just live my life.”Astrid nodded like she understood, but then she said, “That’s not going to happen this time.
Janet Evanovich|Lesson number one, she muttered, love is beyond your grasp. Lesson two: nowhere is it written that you're guaranteed fairness. And three: there's only right and wrong.
Christopher Hawke, Unnatural Truth|Until we get it right, we shall return to the earth-school time after time.
D. Martyn Lloyd-Jones|Here is one great name - Jehovah-jireh. You will find it in the story of Abraham going up into that mountain to sacrifice his only son Isaac. He was on the point of striking his son when suddenly God stopped him and said, 'Do not strike him, I have another offering.' And Abraham found a ram in the thicket. The Lord had provided the offering and the sacrifice, so he gave that name, 'The Lord Will Provide'. And so, whenever you go into the presence of God, whatever your need may be, whatever form the need may be taking, remind yourself that you are praying to Jehovah-jireh, the Lord who has promised to provide. He will be with you for He says, 'I will not fail thee, nor forsake thee' (Josh 1:5).
M.F. Moonzajer|Now from science we have a new creation story, which is very alluring and very exciting. It's not about deposing all the other wisdom stories about creation that humanity has gathered, but it certainly supplements it. It offers a real universal view because it's beyond any particular religion, ethnicity, nation and so forth. As we're struggling as a species to come together as a tribe, it provides us our basic framework, because it's from creation stories that ethics derive. Today's creation story from science is that we come from 14 billion years of an organic unfolding of the universe and are connected physiologically with every being in the universe. We all share the same atoms and the same molecules. That's truly significant and important at this time in history. We're all kin, we're all interdependent. And that's the basis of compassion, which was Jesus's ultimate teaching.
Debra Anastasia, Fire Down Below|Dove held out a hand to Johnson, and he took it—not because they were fleeing a fire and not because she was holding a million dollars. He took her hand to wrap his fingers around hers. His long, long fingers. Her knees went a little watery. Johnson placed a hand on her lower back to steady her. Her ass went a little watery. The trip up her stairs took longer than Ulysses on his epic journey. Johnson took the keys from her hand and opened her door.
Sara Sheridan, The Pleasure Express|I don't want to write a mass before being in a state to do it well, that is a Christian. I have therefore taken a singular course to reconcile my ideas with the exigencies of Academy rules. They ask me for something religious: very well, I shall do something religious, but of the pagan religion. . . . I have always read the ancient pagans with infinite pleasure, while in Christian writers I find only system, egoism, intolerance, and a complete lack of artistic taste.
Auliq Ice|It’s taken years, but part of my own personal growth has involved deciding that I can learn something from even the most annoying person.
Li Keqiang|Pride is tough. You go to high school, and its 'pride,' 'courage;' it's all these types of words that we use to motivate us. I don't think there's anywhere in the Scriptures through the saints' lives where pride was ever a positive characteristic of anybody.
Nick Joaquín|I always reminded myself that this wasn't exactly where I was meant to be, but pit stops are okay on the road of life, aren't they?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Without a vivid picture of what you want, how can you reach it?
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|What we are taught to seek or shun in prayer, we should equally pursue or avoid in action. Very earnestly, therefore, should we avoid temptation, seeking to walk so guardedly in the path of obedience, that we may never tempt the devil to tempt us.
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|He turns and walks away, moving so quickly that the candle flames shiver with the motion of the air. “I miss you,” Isobel says as he leaves, but the sentiment is crushed by the clatter of the beaded curtain falling closed behind him.
Aleksandr Voinov, Collateral|You want the truth? I’ve been fucked and betrayed often enough to not trust anybody. And that includes you.” Frank shrugged. “Don’t take it personal.”“Join the club. We meet Tuesdays. We never share the location with each other, and we show up armed.
Virginia Woolf, The Waves|I strike spurs into my horse. Against you I will fling myself, unvanquished and unyielding, O Death!
Jim Butcher, Changes|If I was on the road to Hell, at least I was going in style.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|The earth is an arena of champions. We are all champions. We all did overcome millions of potential human beings’ before making it unto the earth. Our spectators watching our race of life are the Seen and the Unseen. Thought, attitude and choice are what bring the differences in the arena of mother earth. The real champions in this life are they that will run the race of life facing the storms, overcoming the hurdles, unraveling the puzzles of life, questioning the status quo in wit, over ruling environmental mediocrity and daring for great and indelible change out of comfort or discomfort.
Zadie Smith|Never in a million years would I want to live at Versailles with Marie Antoinette or anybody else. I hate to tell you this but I did not even like visiting Versailles. I found it just too ornate. It was like a complete diet of cotton candy, marzipan, and whipped cream.
Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel|If you had to spend every second, of every day, of every year of your life with someone, would you do whatever it took to love that person? Would you be a best friend, a teacher, coach and mentor? Would you do whatever it takes to treat that person with respect? Well guess what? That someone is you! Who deserves the best more than you do? Think about it and have an outstanding day…!
Terry Pratchett, Men at Arms|The issue, then, is not, What is the best way to teach? but, What is mathematics really all about?... Controversies about…teaching cannot be resolved without confronting problems about the nature of mathematics.
Andrew James Pritchard, Charnel House|We try so hard because it is all we've ever known, I thought. We try to fit ourselves into this world so that we don't seem more different than different, an oddity in a sea of normality. We try because it is only instinct, but we obey because it is law.
Sulak Sivaraksa, Seeds of Peace: A Buddhist Vision for Renewing Society|Health, wealth, reputation, and status are all mere ingredients of happiness. The key to true well-being is being able to manage them capably.
Sue Monk Kidd, The Invention of Wings|You try, you fail. You try, you fail. But only when you stop trying, do you really fail.-Madam Leota
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|To the Dark Lord,I know I will be dead long before you read this but I want you to know that it was I who discovered your secret. I have stolen the real Horcrux and intend to destroy it as soon as I can. I face death in the hope that when you meet your match, you will be mortal once more.R.A.B
Donavan Nelson Butler, Master Sergeant US Army|Sometimes, The Things We Can't Change End Up Changing Us.
Pierre Dukan|My diet is always terrible, unfortunately. I don't know moderation.
Ilona Andrews, Gunmetal Magic|There were details like clothing, hair styles and the fragile objects that hardly ever survive for the archaeologist—musical instruments, bows and arrows, and body ornaments depicted as they were worn. … No amounts of stone and bone could yield the kinds of information that the paintings gave so freely.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|If you care about somebody, you should want them to be happy. Even if you wind up being left out.
Chris Prentiss, Be Who You Want, Have What You Want: Change Your Thinking, Change Your Life|Look at a cloud and it may seem very still. Look at it a few minutes later and it could have transformed into a totally different shape without you even noticing. When it may seem that you are standing still, quite the contrary, you are actually transforming every second. Next time you gaze at the clouds, remember you are moving right along with them.
Gabrielle Zevin, The Storied Life of A.J. Fikry|Writing is a competition between the writer and the page. When the page wins, you fail as a writer.
Robert G. Ingersoll|Are you always this honest?""Almost never
Teresa Lo, The Sugar Baby Club|I thought it would feel empowering to just sleep with whomever I wanted to, but I wasn’t built that way. I just wasn’t honest enough with myself to know that at the time.
Haruki Murakami, The Elephant Vanishes|I don’t even have a choice. Rachel thought how that was pretty much true of everything now, that you got one choice at the beginning but if you didn’t choose right, and she hadn’t, things got narrow real quick. Like trying to wade a river, she thought. You take a wrong step and set your foot on a wobbly rock or in a drop-off and you’re swept away, and all you can do then is try to survive. (83)
Shannon L. Alder|If it were true love, he would never make you sacrifice your dignity to be with him. He would respect you and treat you as if you were sacred to his heart. If he loved you as dearly as he professes to love Christ, then he would never let anyone that loved him suffer or lower their self worth to be with him. True love is compassion, respect and honorable acts that prove love.
Simone Elkeles, Perfect Chemistry|Hey, Shell-bell," I say, leaning over her and wiping her face with a napkin. "It's the first day of school. Wish me luck."Shelley holds jerky arms out and gives me a lopsided smile. I love that smile."You want to give me a hug?" I ask her, knowing she does. The doctors always tell us the more interaction Shelley gets, the better off she'll be.Shelley nods. I fold myself in her arms, careful to keep her hands away from my hair. When I straighten, my mom gasps. It sounds to me like a referee's whistle, halting my life. "Brit, you can't go to school like that.""Like what?"She shakes her head and sighs in frustration. "Look at your s
Muhammad Abduh|The real Muslim is the one who prefers speaking the truth even when it is ruinous to him over lying even when it benefits him, and who finds inner peace in doing so.
Nebo D. Lukovich, Inner Peace, Outer Success: The Reintegration System: Spiritual Growth, Healing, Solving Problems and Achieving Goals with Cutting-Edge Mind Techniques|In the Reintegration System, a problem or unwanted state of mind is viewed as a distinct part of the personality and reintegrated as such into the unity of one’s being.Every seemingly challenging part of our personality was initially part of the highest intention for our being. It is over time that it degraded and became a lower state of delusion. Our aim is to target such parts and work them back into the wholeness of our being.
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|Future strong builds actions upon reflection, questions, curiosity, seeking to understand root causes and systemic connections.
Morgan Rhodes, Frozen Tides|After having grown up surrounded by so much manufactured beauty, Amara had come to want something different. Something that wasn't necessarily beautiful. Something imperfect, interesting, and perhaps even ugly.
Nhat Hanh|My colleagues and I have gone in the footsteps of our predecessors since the very first day we were called by our people to care for their future. We went any place, we looked for any avenue, we made any effort to bring about negotiations between Israel and its neighbors, negotiations without which peace remains an abstract desire.
Stephanie Osborn, The Case of the Displaced Detective: The Arrival|I am looking forward to fully understanding what is occurring. Other than the fact that we are well over a century in my future—if it is MY future; in America, in an underground government facility of some sort near the Colorado Rocky Mountains, specifically Pikes Peak, so I assume the nearest city of any import to be Colorado Springs…I am afraid I have little grasp of your project.”~Sherlock Holmes
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|A being afire with life cannot foresee death; in fact, by each of his deeds he denies that death exists. If death does take him, he is probably unaware of the fact; it amounts to no more for him than a shock or a spasm.
Karen Chance, Fury's Kiss|Oh, so there were angels and demons, but no vampires? No mysterious, super-hot bloodsuckers who would love you forever? Now that was totally unfair.
Ron Baratono|The plan God has doesn’t just involve us as individuals, but also the people who share part of our lives. Jesus was never alone; there were always people around him. He had friends, followers, and people He could depend on. Never be afraid, someone wants to listen in your time of need. Reaching our hands out, especially when we’re hurting has the power to heal our hearts.
Jeremy Corbyn|Fundamentally, if you look at where the environmental issues are coming from, it's all because of humans and our impact on the environment, so while it's true that one individual is not going to sufficiently fix the environment, it is a necessary thing.
Chris Baty, No Plot? No Problem!: A Low-Stress, High-Velocity Guide to Writing a Novel in 30 Days|As a king can wear a crown, a crown can also weary a king.
Sophie Jordan, Firelight|You're something, alright." I laughed into his bare chest, my eyes closing. "I'm your something..." His voice trailed off into a wisper as I drifted off.
Blanche Lincoln|If you're an actor, and you're selfish and not strong, it's difficult to maintain a good personal life or a solid career, and I was selfish and had a lot of anger that went way back.
Jewel E. Ann, Scarlet Stone|I don't have kids or even that many friends, but if I did, I'd want my lasting impression on them to be this: Every life matters, but never one more than another. Sometimes silence holds more meaning than words. And love ... it's infinitely impossible to define, but unequivocally, without any doubt, the reason we are here.
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to The Kingdom of Conscience|When you move to a new environment with cultural and social characteristics different from your own, it is only logical, that you loosen some of the knots of your religious doctrines, to embrace the new and vivid environment as much as you wish to be embraced by the environment.
Joanne Harris, Runemarks|Freedom is anxiety's petri dish. If routine blunts anxiety, freedom incubates it. Freedom says, "Even if you don't want to make choices, you have to, and you can never be sure you have chosen correctly." Freedom says, "Even not to choose is to choose." Freedom says, "So long as you are aware of your freedom, you are going to experience the discomfort that freedom brings." Freedom says, "You're on your own. Deal with it.
|I don't know what they see and say about you, but what I see and believe in you is a strong potential to manifest a life of greatness.
Doreen Virtue, The Yo-Yo Diet Syndrome: How to Heal and Stabilize Your Appetite and Weight|...each of the painful "problems" in our lives contains valuable healing lessons. They teach us awareness and hopefully convince us to let go of our blind spots, prejudices, and tendencies to ignore our intuition and other growth lessons.
George Eliot, Adam Bede|In bed our yesterdays are too oppressive: if a man can only get up, though it be but to whistle or to smoke, he has a present which offers some resistance to the past—sensations which assert themselves against tyrannous memories.
Andrei Tarkovsky|I'm not a parent myself, but I think the best solution at this point is to slap that child across the face. It won't stop crying, but at least now it'll be doing it for a good reason.
Virginia Woolf|A learned man is a sedentary, concentrated solitary enthusiast, who searches through books to discover some particular grain of truth upon which he has set his heart. If the passion for reading conquers him, his gains dwindle and vanish between his fingers. A reader, on the other hand, must check the desire for learning at the outset; if knowledge sticks to him well and good, but to go in pursuit of it, to read on a system, to become a specialist or an authority, is very apt to kill what suits us to consider the more humane passion for pure and disinterested reading.
Deborah and James Howe, Bunnicula: A Rabbit-Tale of Mystery|Yes,” Bernarde quipped, “Deal with me, Jean Luc. Come and dance with the night, brother. Let us battle ‘till the sun turns us to ash.
Diplo|I thought I'd get over being insecure if I became famous, but it hasn't happened. It just gets worse, really. You get more and more on edge, more nervous. These are all the things I'm dealing with. You think if you get famous, fear will go away and problems will go away. But they don't.
Nikos Kazantzakis, Zorba the Greek|I felt once more how simple and frugal a thing is happiness: a glass of wine, a roast chestnut, a wretched little brazier, the sound of the sea. Nothing else.
Hugh Hefner|The key to the mystery of a great artist is that for reasons unknown, he will give away his energies and his life just to make sure that one note follows another... and leaves us with the feeling that something is right in the world.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|A job interview is a competition won by those who are qualified the most, and, those who are willing to be payed the least.
Jamie Ford, Songs of Willow Frost|In the story of the prince and the frog, there’s always a frog. This story ... it has no frog.
Rachel Autumn Deering, Husk|The house gulped in a big breath of fresh air, like some frantic drowning thing breaking the water's surface and gasping for life. It had sat unopened for so long, suffocating in the silence, it's memories blanketed by a thick layer of dust.
Qur'an 2 30|I don't mean to mock the gods, but Freyja seems to me a bitch.- Hjalti Skjeggjason
Alan Moore, Swamp Thing, Vol. 2: Love and Death|There have been great societies that did not use the wheel, but there have been no societies that did not tell stories.
Kim Harrison, The Outlaw Demon Wails|Was he, after all, really a bad man doing a brilliant impersonation of an idiot? It was hard to tell. The connections between stupidity and malice were so tangled and so dense.
Pooja Ruprell|Do not turn to prayer only in times of grief, suffering and rage. Make prayer a habit whether you are blissful or sorrowful, serene or upset, clear or confused.
Meister Eckhart|Spirituality is not to be learned by flight from the world, or by running away from things, or by turning solitary and going apart from the world. Rather, we must learn an inner solitude wherever or with whomsoever we may be. We must learn to penetrate things and find God there.
David G. Wells|Prayer is in essence rebellion—rebellion against the world in its fallenness. Prayer is the undying refusal to accept as normal what is pervasively abnormal. It is the refusal of every agenda, every scheme, every interpretation that is at odds with the norm as originally established by God.
Homer, The Iliad|Still, we will let all this be a thing of the past, though it hurts us, and beat down by constraint the anger that rises inside us.Now I am making an end of my anger. It does not become me, unrelentingly to rage on
Aldous Huxley, Island|Given the nature of spiders, webs are inevitable. And given the nature of human beings, so are religions. Spiders can't help making fly-traps, and men can't help making symbols. That's what the human brain is there for - the turn the chaos of given experience into a set of manageable symbols.
Oscar Wilde, An Ideal Husband|It takes great courage to see the world in all its tainted glory, and still to love it. And even more courage to see it in the one you love
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|Everyone has a right to a strong and independent future: All of us have the right, and personal obligation, to choose whether or not company-driven hardships and sacrifices, overall, are shackling or strengthening our future. And to keep that right, each of us must be our own best advocate.
Michael D. O'Brien, Island of the World|The mountains are intimations of transcendence, which he is now free to pursue, and the walking writes messages in every cell of his body, telling him that he is not locked inside a cement box, nor in a water drum, but is moving forward.
Gary L. Francione|We proclaim human intelligence to be morally valuable per se because we are human. If we were birds, we would proclaim the ability to fly as morally valuable per se. If we were fish, we would proclaim the ability to live underwater as morally valuable per se. But apart from our obviously self-interested proclamations, there is nothing morally valuable per se about human intelligence.
Donald G. Firesmith, Demons on the Dalton|They prefer their meals alive and terrified, for fear is their favorite sauce.
Elizabeth Stuckey-French, The Revenge of the Radioactive Lady|Revenge,' he said, 'is a human invention. It serves no purpose.
Beth Willis Miller, Under His Wings...healing truth for adoptees of all ages|There’s only one way to find peace with a painful past and that is through a personal relationship with God through faith in Jesus Christ. He alone, through His Spirit, can place a healing balm on our deep wounds. The Bible says: “You can’t heal a wound by saying it’s not there!” (Jeremiah 6:14 TLB)We (Beth and Sherrie) have found that in the places that hurt the most, God brings a promise from the Bible to our memory at just the right time. We have experienced comfort and growth through our growing relationship with Jesus and how we long for the same growth for you!
Marlen Haushofer, The Wall|But if time exists only in my head, and I'm the last human being, it will end with my death. The thought cheers me. I may be in a position to murder time. The big net will tear and fall, with its sad contents, into oblivion. I'm owed some gratitude, but no one after my death will know I murdered time. Really these thoughts are quite meaningless. Things happen, and, like millions of people before me, I look for meaning in them, because my vanity will not allow me to admit that the whole meaning of an event lies in the event itself.
Carl Sagan, Cosmos|By looking far out into space we are also looking far back into time, back toward the horizon of the universe, back toward the epoch of the Big Bang.
Darrell Calkins|There’s surprising relief and regeneration in finding ourselves within a moment of genuine grace, however small or temporary it may be.
Osama bin Laden|he philosophy of Islam will be shown in terms of the modern philosophy, and if there are imperfections in the old ideas then they shall be removed. My task is merely constructive, and in this construction I shall take into consideration the best traditions of Islamic philosophy.
Taylor Brown, Gods of Howl Mountain|He ascended the mountain in darkness, no lamplight, a world black and silver and blue. The moon lay scattered through the woods in blades, glowing palely, the wind rising now and again to moan through the trees. The trail scrawled ever upward, toward the looming darkness of the mountain's peak. Above it all the sea of night, the strange ornamentation of stars.
Idries Shah, The Book of the Book|When you realise the difference between the container and the content, you will have knowledge
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Princess|Demon pox, oh demon poxJust how is it acquired?One must go down to the bad part of townUntil one is very tired.Demon pox, oh demon pox, I had it all along—Not the pox, you foolish blocks,I mean this very song—For I was right, and you were wrong!
Irvine Welsh, Porno|Bit it's what bein a hard man is aw aboot; its a journey, a fucking self destructive quest tae find yir limits, cause they fuckin limits eywis come in the form ay a harder man. A big. strong, stiff hard man whae can dae it for ye, whae can teach ye, show ye whaire ye stand, where yir fuckin parameters ur.
Peter Asher|IT is mere coincidence that Cooper was born in the year which produced The Power of Sympathy and that when he died Uncle Tom's Cabin was passing through its serial stage, and yet the limits of his life mark almost exactly the first great period of American fiction.
Sharon Moalem, Survival of the Sickest: A Medical Maverick Discovers Why We Need Disease|If the lambs were flying, wolves would have also the wings to fly!
Osho|Every integral man has inside him, in his heart of hearts, a mystic center around which all else revolves. This mystic whirling lends unity to his thoughts and actions; it helps him find or invent the cosmic harmony. For some this center is love, for others kindness or beauty, others the thirst for knowledge or the longing for gold and power. They examine the relative value of all else and subordinate it to this central passion.
Teresa Mummert|When a woman shows confidence and another claims arrogance, she is usually suffering from jealousy.
Darren Shan, Bec|It's a messy business, dying,' he said. 'As time goes on there's just less and less of you. It happens quickly for some; for others it can drag on. Starting from birth you keep losing one thing after another: first a finger, than an arm, first a tooth, then a whole set of teeth, first one memory, then all your memory, and so on and so forth, until one day there's nothing left. Then they chuck what's left of you in a hole and shovel it in and that's your lot.
John Thomas Allen|As in this world there are degrees of evils, So in this world there are degrees of devils.
Brittany Comeaux, Deliverance|Don't be a spectator in the kingdom of God , find something that you can do , at-least even going to church is one of them
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|I'm dead, but I can't stop living.
Robert H. Schuller|It is my conviction that marriage is such a good idea, only God could have thought of it.
Mark Manson, The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck: A Counterintuitive Approach to Living a Good Life|Despite dreaming about making a living through his art, the real potential of becoming An Artist Nobody Likes was far, far scarier than remaining An Artist Nobody’s Heard Of. At least he was comfortable with and used to being An Artist Nobody’s Heard Of.
Guy P. Harrison, 50 Simple Questions for Every Christian|If the oppressed must be alert enough to follow the rulers' instructions, they are therefore conscious enough to be able to challenge them.
Swarnakanthi Rajapakse, The Master's Daughter|Cultural values change with times, unless they are built on an absolute standard of values and virtues. This standard must be afterwards well-guarded and protected.
Mark Warner|Motivated more by partisan politics than by national security, today's Democratic leaders see America as an occupier, not a liberator. And nothing makes this Marine madder than someone calling American troops occupiers rather than liberators.
N.K. Jemisin, The Obelisk Gate|There is such a thing as too much loss. Too much has been taken from you both - taken and taken and taken, until there's nothing left but hope, and you've given that up because it hurts too much. Until you would rather die, or kill, or avoid attachments altogether, than lose one more thing.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Thankfulness is an attitude of possibilities, not an attitude of liabilities.
Kelley York, Suicide Watch|The ledge isn't even wide enough for my feet to fit on completely. I hang onto the rail tightly and do a Casper does...leaning out slowly over the water. Like this, there is no safety. No rail to catch me if I slip. I'm almost flying. Between me and death, there is...nothing. Nothing in the way but my own decision to hang on.
Paul Theroux|...luxury is the enemy of observation, a costly indulgence that induces such a good feeling that you notice nothing. Luxury spoils and infantilizes you and prevents you from knowing the world. That is its purpose...
Augusten Burroughs, Running with Scissors|He looked at me with a smile that I still remember and ran a finger along his impeccably trimmed mustache. “Cricket is about a lot more than playing by the rules, Mistry. It’s a gentleman’s game. Don’t you ever forget that.
Charles Murray, Coming Apart: The State of White America, 1960-2010|It used to be that parents didn't have to be home. If a neighbor so I child misbehaving, it was considered appropriate for the neighbor to intervene. The parents would be grateful when they found out, and they would take the word of the neighbor if the child protested his innocence.Unmarried and divorced parents tend not to behave that way. Instead, they tend to try to be the good guy to their children.
William Gaddis, The Recognitions|There's a difference between immaturity and not being ready, and there's a certain maturity in admitting that you're not ready.
G.S. Jennsen, Starshine: Aurora Rising Book One|He simply preferred the sensation of soil beneath his feet and wind in his hair, of fresh, non-recycled air which carried on it the scent and taste of life. He preferred what was solid and real, where if you could see it you could touch it, feel its texture between the tips of your fingers. As far as he knew, no one had ever touched a star. Not even her.
José Saramago, The Tale of the Unknown Island|Sleep is still most perfect, in spite of hygienists, when it is shared with a beloved. The warmth, the security and peace of soul, the utter comfort from the touch of the other, knits the sleep, so that it takes the body and soul completely in its healing.
C.G. Jung|Don't waste your time being what someone wants you to become, in order to feed their list of rules, boundaries and insecurities. Find your tribe. They will allow you to be you, while you dance in the rain.
David J. Greer, Wind In Your Sails|By connecting and being part of a community with a shared vision and goals, we can create great things.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|The more doors you open to the mysteries, or sacred knowledge, the smaller you feel. And because you begin to feel smaller and smaller until your ego disappears, the more humble you become. Therefore, any man who behaves arrogantly with what little he knows, or claims to know all, only reveals to all that he really knows nothing. Real greatness does not reside inside those who feel large. The truly wise are meek. Yet being small and meek do not make one weak. Arming oneself with true knowledge generates strong confidence and a bold spirit that makes you a lion of God. The Creator does not want you to suffer, yet we are being conditioned by society to accept suffering, weak and passive dispositions under the belief that such conditions are favorable by God. Weakness is not a virtue praised by God. How could he desire for you to be weak if he tells us to stand by our conscience? Doing so requires strength. However, there is a difference between arrogance when inflating your ego, and confidence when one truly gets closer to God. One feels large, while the other feels small. Why? Because a man of wisdom understands that he is just a small pea in a sea of infinite atoms, and that in the end — we are all connected. And did you not know that the smaller a creature is, the bolder its spirit?
Marcel Proust, The Guermantes Way|She held the moth to the light. It was nearer brown than yellow,and she remembered having seen some like it in the boxes that afternoon.It was not the one needed to complete the collection,but Elnora might want it,so Mrs. Comstock held on. Then the Almighty was kind,or nature was sufficient,as you look at it,for following the law of its being when disturbed,the moth again threw the spray by which some suppose it attracts its kind,and liberally sprinkled Mrs. Comstock's dress front and arms. From that instant,she became the best moth bait ever invented. Every Polyphemus in range hastened to her,and other fluttering creatures of night followed. The influx came her way. She snatched wildly here and there until she had one in each hand and no place to put them. She could see more coming,and her aching heart,swollen with the strain of long excitement,hurt pitifully.She prayed in broken exclamations that did not always sound reverent,but never was a human soul more intense earnest.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Nature and Selected Essays|Nature is not always tricked in holiday attire, but the same scene which yesterday breathed perfume and glittered as for the frolic of the nymphs, is overspread with melancholy today. Nature always wears the colors of the spirit.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Always remember that every word you say contains power and you must ask yourself a few questions about your words; Are these words true and kind? Are these words relevant and necessary? Are these words effective for intentions? Reflect on what your words carry, they are a life-changing container!
Tom  Cox, The Good, the Bad and the Furry: Life with the World's Most Melancholy Cat and Other Whiskery Friends|When it comes to cats and the people who love them, Des is respectful of the bond, even when it reaches a level most would call obsession.
Melissa Landers, Alienated|Don't you want to kiss me?' she asks.She smiles just a little, a hopeful, sweet smile, but buried in it is that confidence that slays me.
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|Reliance in its most basic, daily, form is being part of a group that lives by a pact: To always have each other’s backs — no matter what — so that everyone comes out future strong.
Deborah Treisman, 20 Under 40: Stories from The New Yorker|We can no longer allow them to write just stories and poems; we must teach them the forms of nonfiction writing as well, specifically that of writing on demand.
Manoj Arora, From the Rat Race to Financial Freedom|World is full of people waiting to pursue their passion, if given a chance. Unfortunately, the "chance" will not be given, it needs to be earned.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Either they're still naive, or stupid.
Tsung-Dao Lee|Herschel removed the speckled tent-roof from the world and exposed the immeasurable deeps of space, dim-flecked with fleets of colossal suns sailing their billion-leagued remoteness.
Gift Gugu Mona|Right now I may not have it all, but I know my future is bright because as long as I live there is hope for my situation.
Maya Angelou|It may be that the satisfaction I need depends on my going away, so that when I've gone and come back, I'll find it at home.
Charlotte Eriksson, You're Doing Just Fine|I took him to the river and said “let’s watch something drown,” So he took a stoneand I took my necklaceand we threw it all together,the way I always think I will get better in July. Things will change and sounds won’t acheand I gave my heart to uncertainty so many times, and so I took him to the river,threw the necklace in the river to slowly watch it drown, or burn, or fade awaylike I’ve done so many times.
Jess E. Owen, Song of the Summer King|Only in stillness the windOnly from ice the flame.When all were Nameless, the wise will tellIt was only by knowing the otherThat they came to know themselves.
Marianne Williamson|America, you're sending girls a mixed message. On one hand, you're saying to have positive body image and love who we are; on the other, we're being marketed makeup and clothing that obviously turns us into someone different.
Fela Durotoye|TODAY is the PAST of your FUTURE. So, make TODAY count for the sake of your HISTORY. Use your words, time & choices wisely
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Blessed are you, who faced many adversities. You will be strengthen and soften.
Martin  Hopkins, Cracks in the Pavement|Nothing is ‘wrong’ with me, Dan. What’s wrong with you? she said in the same eerily quiet voice, dark eyes fixated on Dan, as she breathed heavily.
Giorge Leedy, Uninhibited From Lust To Love|Most times, the worst of situations can become a compass to the best of situations
Tom Winton|You never finish writing a novel, you eventually abandon it.
Scott Lynch|Now, it’s undeniably true that male writers (including yours truly) are generally and commercially allowed to write about “girl stuff” without being penalized for doing so. In part this is the same old shit it’s always been ... I’ve said before that men who write mostly about men win prizes for revealing the human condition, while women who write about both men and women are filed away as writing “womens’ issues.” Likewise, in fantasy, the imprimatur of a dude somehow makes stuff like romance, relationship drama, introspection, and adorable animal companions magically not girly after all.In a sense, we male fantasists are allowed to be like money launderers for girl coo
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|....I don't want harmony. From love for humanity I don't want it. I would rather be left with the unavenged suffering. I would rather remain with my unavenged suffering and unsatisfied indignation, even if I were wrong. Besides, too high a price is asked for harmony; it's beyond our means to pay so much to enter on it. And so I hasten to give back my entrance ticket, and if I am an honest man I am bound to give it back as soon as possible. And that I am doing. It's not God that I don't accept, Alyosha, only I most respectfully return him the ticket."-Ivan Karamazov
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|To really be a nerd, she'd decided, you had to prefer fictional worlds to the real one.
Jordana Brewster|I would never kill a living thing, although I probably have inadvertently while driving automobiles.
Whitney Houston|The truth is that life is delicious, horrible, charming, frightful, sweet, bitter, and that is everything.
Michael J. White|Do not be alarmed if they look paler than the other maidens of Greece. They are scarcely of this Earth, and seem to be shaking off the sleep of a past life.
Justen Ahren|the ocean mist engulfs me, like a lifetime’s friendship honored.
Milan Kundera|The assassination of Allende quickly covered over the memory of the Russian invasion of Bohemia, the bloody massacre in Bangladesh caused Allende to be forgotten, the din of war in the Sinai Desert drowned out the groans of Bangladesh, the massacres in Cambodia caused the Sinai to be forgotten, and so on, and on and on, until everyone has completely forgotten everything.
Sunday Adelaja|We should totally rely on God, then our success will always be stable and nothing would be able to shake it
Penelope Douglas, Punk 57|It is obvious that you like to be in control of things. With this girl, you lose control. You despise that, especially since she is younger.- Maria Delgado
Hunter S. Thompson, The Great Shark Hunt: Strange Tales from a Strange Time|I had the feeling that all over America such stupid arguments were taking place on street corners and in bars and restaurants. All over America, people were pulling credentials out of their pockets and sticking them under someone else's nose to prove they had been somewhere or done something. And I thought someday everyone in America will suddenly jump up and say "I don't take any shit!" and start pushing and cursing and clawing at the man next to him.
Lewis Thomas|It is not a simple thing to decide where we fit, for at one time or another in our lives we manage to organize in every imaginable social arrangement...We have names to label each as self, and we believe without reservation that this system of taxonomy will guarantee the entity, the absolute separateness in each of us, but the mechanism has no discernible function in the center of a crowded city; we are essentially nameless, most of our time.
Kate Meader, Rekindle the Flame|I tear down Baxter, which loops around the last mile down to Back Cove.And then I stop short. The buildings have fallen away behind me, giving way to ramshackle sheds, sparsely situated on either side of the cracked and run-down road. Beyond that, a short strip of tall, weedy grass slants down toward the cove.The water is an enormous mirror, tipped with pink and gold from the sky. In that single, blazing moment as I come around the bend, the sun—curved over the dip of the horizon like a solid gold archway—lets out its final winking rays of light, shattering the darkness of the water, turning everything white for a fraction of a second, and then falls away, sinking, dragging the pink and the red and the purple out of the sky with it, all the color bleeding away instantly and leaving only dark.Alex was right. It was gorgeous—one of the best I’ve ever seen.
R.N. Prasher|Now, consider this.　　A human life is on average 80 Earth years or around 30,000 Earth days. Which means they are born, they make some friends, eat a few meals, they get married, or they don’t get married, have a child or two, or not, drink a few thousand glasses of wine, have sexual intercourse a few times, discover a lump somewhere, feel a bit of regret, wonder where all the time went, know they should have done it differently, realise they would have done it the same, and then they die. Into the great black nothing. Out of space. Out of time. The most trivial of trivial zeroes. And that’s it, the full caboodle. All confined to the same mediocre planet.
Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical Uplifting Quotes and Poems|When you can't think clearly, climb to the top of your thoughts
Jeff Mangum|Married or unmarried, young or old, poet or worker, you are still a dreamer, and will one time know, and feel, that your life is but a dream.
Sunday Adelaja|While both these statements refer to eggs, the main difference between these two rather irking statements is this: omelets do not come from chickens – it is eggs which come from chickens. Omelets on the other hand, are an entirely Human invention. Humans being here, the ‘middle man’ as it were.
Robert Walpole|Every man who has shown the world the way to beauty, to true culture, has been a rebel, a 'universal' without patriotism, without home, who has found his people everywhere.
Albert Camus, A Happy Death|Believe me, there is no such thing as great suffering, great regret, great memory... Everything is forgotten, even a great love. That's what's sad about life, and also what's wonderful about it. There is only a way of looking at things, a way that comes to you every once in a while. That's why it's good to have had love in your life after all, to have had an unhappy passion - it gives you an alibi for the vague despairs we all suffer from.
Charles Dickens, A Christmas Carol|Ooh!” Willy pipes up. “Maybe he'll write a story about Santa and Mrs. Claus getting caught with their pants down with other people. If we get lucky, maybe he'll kill-”“Don't finish that sentence, elf.”“Randy, you're such a spoilsport. You can't say you haven't conjured up that scenario in your big head a time or a dozen. Continue. Maybe I'll write that story.”“No, you won't. Your idea of a good story is nothing but sex, sex, and more sex. You'd never make it through writing a chapter because you'd have to stop and jerk off a half dozen times.”“Ew! Not about Santa and Mrs. Claus. Yuck,” Willy comes back at him with a sour look on his face. “That's not even funny, Randy.
Bill Maher, The New New Rules: A Funny Look At How Everybody But Me Has Their Head Up Their Ass|The Constitution of the United States is a glorious standard; it is founded in the wisdom of God. It is a heavenly banner; it is to all those who are privileged with the sweets of liberty, like the cooling shades and refreshing waters of a great rock in a thirsty and weary land. It is like a great tree under whose branches men from every clime can be shielded from the burning rays of the sun.
Jean-Paul Sartre, No Exit and Three Other Plays|Boredom is that awful state of inaction when the very medicine ― that is, activity ― which could solve it, is seen as odious.Archery? It is too cold, and besides, the butts need re-covering; the rats have been at the straw.Music? To hear it is tedious; to compose it, too taxing. And so on.Of all the afflictions, boredom is ultimately the most unmanning.Eventually, it transforms you into a great nothing who does nothing ― a cousin to sloth and a brother to melancholy.
Anonymous|Inscribed on the fingerboard of a viola da gamba by Kaspar Tieffenbrucker: "Viva fui in silvis sum dura occisa securi dum vixi tacui mortua dulce cano." (I was alive in the woods; I was cut down by the cruel axe. While I lived I was silent; In death I sweetly sing.)
Marshall McLuhan|I grew up in Harlem in New York, very rough, urban environment, and so what I found is that, if I can have kids travel to different places, countries, areas, it can expand their minds.
Lindsay Buroker, Blood and Betrayal|You can only fight one man at a time with a sword, but, with a pen, you can compose a lecture to bore legions of enemy troops to death.
Anna Kendrick|At the end of the day, you're handing your performance over. If a director says after a take, 'You know what, try it just really angry. Just get furious'... you're like, 'Well, I don't know if I want to give you that because I don't know if I trust what you're going to do with it.'
Brian Jacques, Redwall|Basil Stag Hare tut-tutted severely as he remarked to Ambrose Spike, 'Tch, tch. Dreadful table manners. Just look at those three wallahs, kicking up a hullaballoo like that! Eating's a serious business.
Abhijit Naskar, The Film Testament|Doubt not the self O lion-heart, for those who call you crazy will one day worship you.
David Baldacci, Reader's Digest Select Editions, Volume 319, 2012 #1: One Summer / Cast Into Doubt / Casting About / The Lion|There is so much I could say about myself, but I wish you know only this; at times I may be bitter, at times I may be sweet; do not judge me on one character or the other. I have more facets than a jewel, I ask that you understand all of me before you judge me. No one side of my personality is bigger than another, just as no one emotion claims me all the time.
Stephen King|Remember: when people tell you something's wrong or doesn't work, they are almost always right. When they tell you exactly what's wrong and how to fix it, they are almost always wrong.
Stephen Magnus|Contrary to popular belief, you can make people think, but they will hate you for it.
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, The Illusion of "Truth": The Real Jesus Behind the Grand Myth|Moving man’s view of himself and life past common thinking, the true visionary faces great difficulty: exactly that deluded mindset the sage would have listeners outgrow is the very filter through which any new perspective must pass.
Akshay Vasu|She had turned thought and feeling into life, into reality, into creation. They speak of the _creations_ of the human intellect, of the human imagination! there is nothing man can do comes half so near the making of the Maker as the ordering of his way--except one thing: the highest creation of which man is capable, is to will the will of the Father. That _has_ in it an element of the purely creative, and then is man likest God. But simply to do what we ought, is an altogether higher, diviner, more potent, more creative thing, than to write the grandest poem, paint the most beautiful picture, carve the mightiest statue, build the most worshiping temple, dream out the most enchanting commotion of melody and harmony.
Kevin Young, Book of Hours: Poems|It never ends, the bruiseof being
Tom Cheetham, Green Man, Earth Angel: The Prophetic Tradition and the Battle for the Soul of the World|From *the form of time and of the single dimension* of the series of representations, on account of which the intellect, in order to take up one thing, must drop everything else, there follows not only the intellect’s distraction, but also its *forgetfulness*. Most of what it has dropped it never takes up again, especially as the taking up again is bound to the principle of sufficient reason, and thus requires an occasion which the association of ideas and motivation have first to provide. Yet this occasion may be the remoter and the smaller, the more our susceptibility to it is enhanced by interest in the subject. But, as I have already shown in the essay *On the Principle of Sufficient Reason*, memory is not a receptacle, but a mere faculty, acquired by practice, of bringing forth any representations at random, so that these have always to be kept in practice by repetition, otherwise they are gradually lost. Accordingly, the knowledge even of the scholarly head exists only *virtualiter* as an acquired practice in producing certain representations. *Actualiter*, on the other hand, it is restricted to one particular representation, and for the moment is conscious of this one alone. Hence there results a strange contrast between what a man knows *potentia* and what he knows *actu*, in other words, between his knowledge and his thinking at any moment. The former is an immense and always somewhat chaotic mass, the latter a single, distinct thought. The relation is like that between the innumerable stars of the heavens and the telescope’s narrow field of vision; it stands out remarkably when, on some occasion, a man wishes to bring to distinct recollection some isolated fact from his knowledge, and time and trouble are required to look for it and pick it out of that chaos. Rapidity in doing this is a special gift, but depends very much on the day and the hour; therefore sometimes memory refuses its service, even in things which, at another time, it has ready at hand. This consideration requires us in our studies to strive after the attainment of correct insight rather than an increase of learning, and to take to heart the fact that the *quality* of knowledge is more important than its quantity. Quantity gives books only thickness; quality imparts thoroughness as well as style; for it is an *intensive* dimension, whereas the other is merely extensive. It consists in the distinctness and completeness of the concepts, together with the purity and accuracy of the knowledge of perception that forms their foundation. Therefore the whole of knowledge in all its parts is permeated by it, and is valuable or troubling accordingly. With a small quantity but good quality of knowledge we achieve more than with a very great quantity but bad quality."—from_The World as Will and Representation_. Translated from the German by E. F. J. Payne in two volumes: volume II, pp. 139-141
Mishi McCoy|Baby, I'm not afraid. I've been to hell and back. I'm a free spirit, a wild child and a renegade.
John Zakour, The Plutonium Blonde|I focused the power from my armor into my leg and kicked the door in. The metal and plastic fibers splintered and the hinges ripped free from the wall.“By the way, boss,” HARV said. “I believe that the door was unlocked.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn|The super power that I would choose would be compassion. Because that's what I think it takes to make it through life-an understanding, a give and take. It saves an awful lot of resentment.
Veronica Roth, Divergent|You’re right, I do indeed want you. That doesn’t change the fact that you’re an asshole.
R.M. Hare, The Language of Morals|A week-old baby is not a rational and self-aware being, and there are many nonhuman animals whose rationality, self-awareness, capacity to feel and so on, exceed that of a human baby a week or a month old. If, for the reasons I have given, the fetus does not have the same claim to life as a person, it appears that the newborn baby does not either.
Steve Maraboli|The only people who experience no resistance are the unambitious and the dead. If you feel no resistance in your life, you need greater goals or you need to check your pulse. Life and movement come with resistance. Don’t be discouraged by it, be strengthened by it.
Anna Quindlen, Loud and Clear|The biggest mistake I made is the one that most of us make while doing this. I did not live in the moment enough. This is particularly clear now that the moment is gone, captured only in photographs. There is one picture of the three on them sitting in the grass on a quilt in the shadow of the swing set on a summer day, ages 6, 4, and 1. And I wish I could remember what we ate, and what we talked about, and how they sounded, and how they looked when they slept that night. I wish I had not been in a hurry to get on to the next things: dinner, bath, book, bed. I wish I had treasured the doing a little more and the getting it done a little less.
Sarah Dessen, The Moon and More|I took her dress over to the closet and hung it up. It was funny. It made me feel sort of sad when I hung it up. I thought of her going in a store and buying it, and nobody in the store knowing she was a prostitute and all. The salesman probably just thought she was a regular girl when she bought it. It made me feel sad as hell- I don't know why exactly.
Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games|The imprint of Miss Hepburn is absolutely, totally present. Like it or not, she will be the most important look of the twentieth century.
Howard Tayler|Maxim 20: If you’re not willing to shell your own position, you’re not willing to win.-The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries
Brenna Yovanoff, The Replacement|Tell me, Eric,” he said, licking a droplet from the corner of his mouth. “Have you ever tasted blood?”       My mouth was so dry I could barely find the voice to answer him. “What an odd question...”       “But a valid one. Well, have you?”       “I’ve cut my lip before, so yes, I suppose I have tasted blood, but...”       “Not your own, you foolish boy.” He let out a short, derisive laugh and leaned in so that he was only a few inches from my face. “I mean the blood of another.”       “Good God, Stefan, of course not!”       “Pity...
Huseyn Raza|Men wanted to be strong. One way to be strong was to be knowledgeable. In so many areas, it was not possible to be knowledgeable without getting a Ph.D. and doing a postdoc. Guns and hunting provided an out for men who wanted to be know-it-alls but who couldn't afford to spend the first three decades of their lives getting up to speed on quantum mechanics or oncology.
Lily Burana, I Love a Man in Uniform: A Memoir of Love, War, and Other Battles|There were many, many times thereafter that Don regretted having enlisted - but so has every man who ever volunteered for military service.
Ron Dentinger|Response to clapping: "Thank you for ovating."
Caroline B. Cooney|You're the only person I've ever met who can stand a bookstore as long as I can. A smarty-pants, the kind you don't find every day.
Heather     James, Fire|I don't know if it was the cold sincerity in my voice or the shock of being straddled by a wild, mud covered woman, but he didn't try to argue. "Give me your ring. Now.
Alan W. Watts, The Book: On the Taboo Against Knowing Who You Are|We suffer from a hallucination, from a false and distorted sensation of our own existence as living organisms. Most of us have the sensation that "I myself" is a separate center of feeling and action, living inside and bounded by the physical body—a center which "confronts" an "external" world of people and things, making contact through the senses with a universe both alien and strange. Everyday figures of speech reflect this illusion. "I came into this world." "You must face reality." "The conquest of nature." This feeling of being lonely and very temporary visitors in the universe is in flat contradiction to everything known about man (and all other living organisms) in the sciences. We do not "come into" this world; we come out of it, as leaves from a tree. As the ocean "waves," the universe "peoples." Every individual is an expression of the whole realm of nature, a unique action of the total universe. This fact is rarely, if ever, experienced by most individuals. Even those who know it to be true in theory do not sense or feel it, but continue to be aware of themselves as isolated "egos" inside bags of skin.
Aristotle|In the end, there is no absence of irony: the integrity of what is sacred to Native Americans will be determined by the government that has been responsible for doing everything in its power to destroy Native American cultures.
William James Peter O'Brien|sometimes you cant understand why things happen the way they do.. unwillingly were forced to ride the waves.. and thats hard for us humans, considering were programmed to make sense of the chaos, rationalize with the unrational.. and right when you feel theres no life left to be drained, right before the point of giving up.. something happens. its almost super natural, this phenomenon in which there always seems to be a slight, bleak sign of hope. a small light in the dark. but its all i needed. and now that the waves have calmed.. i feel almost, warm, senseable.. i feel safe, i feel sound. and in this moment. i know where i stand. i dont question it anymore. its just where im suppose to be.
Naomi Mitchison, Travel Light|If he could sleep, she thought, sleep through the unhappy months, the heart's hunger, the months of death and cold and not having what you most want, and wake with time gone past and blurred and a new year coming. But perhaps it is too early in the year, she thought after that, and besides, he is not a bear.
Jim Butcher, Vignette|If only it were all so simple! If only there were evil people somewhere insidiously committing evil deeds, and it were necessary only to separate them from the rest of us and destroy them. But the line dividing good and evil cuts through the heart of every human being. And who is willing to destroy a piece of his own heart?
Michel Foucault|The winner of the hoop race will be the first to realize her dream, not society's dream, her own personal dream.
Aidan Chambers, This is All: The Pillow Book of Cordelia Kenn|All things are possible until they are proved impossible and even the impossible may only be so, as of now.
Adam Weishaupt|Long before we understand ourselves through the process of self-examination, we understand ourselves in a self-evident way in the family, society and state in which we live.
Victor Hugo|It is easily and often overlooked that when Thomas Jefferson asserted that life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness were inalienable human rights, he did so on the ground that they had been endowed by God, our Creator.
Adam-Troy Castro, Emissaries from the Dead|I kicked, shouted an obscene word, got another faceful of goo for my troubles, and did the only thing left available to me. I started to laugh. This was a stupid way to die, all right. But also a god damned funny one.
Billy Sunday|It's always wonderful to get to know women, with the mystery and the joy and the depth. If you can make a woman laugh, you're seeing the most beautiful thing on God's Earth.
Toni Morrison, Sula|She looked around for a place to be. A small place. The closet? ... It was both small and bright, and she wanted to be in a very small, very bright place. Small enough to contain her grief.Bright enough to throw into relief the dark things that cluttered her.Once inside, she sank to the tile floor next to the toilet. On her knees, her hand on the cold rim of the bathtub, she waited for something to happen…inside.
Robert Casey|Tolerance is the price we pay for living in a free, pluralistic society.
Vladimir Nabokov|I bought some batteries, but they weren't included.
Sunday Adelaja|We should be disciplined and responsible and then our prosperity will be stable despite any economic crisis, inflation or a change of government
Elizabeth Goudge, The Dean's Watch|He sat for a long time and thought to himself that he wished he knew how to pray, yet he knew, untaught, how by abandonment of himself to let the quietness take hold of him.
Terry Pratchett, Small Gods|... a man needs no camel to ride to hell, yea, nor horse, nor mule; a man may ride into hell on his tongue...
Terry Tempest Williams, When Women Were Birds: Fifty-four Variations on Voice|A shadow is never created in darkness. It is born of light. We can be blind to it and blinded by it. Our shadow asks us to look at what we don't want to see. If we refuse to face our shadow, it will project itself on someone else so we have no choice but to engage.
William Henry Hudson|There was a period in my life when I would say no, and I didn't know why I was saying no. In most cases, it was out of fear, just trying to be safe. Because 'no' will keep you safe. 'No' won't draw attention to you. But all the cool things are on the other side of 'Yes, And.'
Dylan Thomas|And death shall have no dominion.Under the windings of the seaThey lying long shall not die windily;Twisting on racks when sinews give way,Strapped to a wheel, yet they shall not break;Faith in their hands shall snap in two,And the unicorn evils run them through;Split all ends up they shan't crack;And death shall have no dominion.
Cornell Woolrich, Night and Fear: A Centenary Collection of Stories by Cornell Woolrich|History does seem to be just one long succession of murders, doesn't it?
Barry López, Crossing Open Ground|A thought that stayed with me was that I had entered a private place in the earth. I had seen exposed nearly its oldest part. I had lost my sense of urgency, rekindled a sense of what people were, clambering to gain access to high waterfalls and a sense of our endless struggle as a species to understand time and to estimate the consequences of our acts.
Sara Donati, The Endless Forest|If certain places you came to in life felt right, then how many others were just as clearly the wrong place to be?
Amelia Mysko, Hold On|Sure, we thought the acresThat we tilled were sacred,But how could we have knownThat wheat can haunt like ghosts
Travis Berketa, Dark Heart: Angels in the City|Only the virtuous can count on life, the pursuer of evil can only ever count on death.
Friedrich Nietzsche|A real man wants two things: danger and play. Therefore he wants woman as the most dangerous plaything. Man shall be educated for war, and woman for the recreation of the warrior: all else is folly.
Saaif Alam|The state of a moral man, is one of tranquillity and peace; the state of an immoral man is one of perpetual unrest.
J.D.  Jordan, Calamity: Being an Account of Calamity Jane and Her Gunslinging Green Man|I am in short, a witch of the quantumverse.
Rebecca Dessertine, War of the Sons|You know,” he said, “P.S.S. Piss Camp.” “Yeah, I get it,” I said, “It’s just not funny.
Athanasius of Alexandria, On the Incarnation|Even on the cross He did not hide Himself from sight; rather, He made all creation witness to the presence of its Maker.
John Scalzi, Old Man's War|The obvious thing to say of his appearance was that he would have been extremely handsome if he had not been entirely bald. But, indeed, that would itself be a rather bald way of putting it. Fantastic as it sounds, it would fit the case better to say that people would have been surprised to see hair growing on him; as surprised as if they had found hair growing on the bust of a Roman emperor.
Sondra Faye|When the world kicks your ass, don't step in line.book: stuff i think about
J.L. Vallance, Revelations of the Soul|It may be difficult, but there will be times we need to pick up our brooms and do some spiritual house cleaning. It is through this process that we find our true relationships, our true heart, our core integrity, and our life’s purpose.
N.T. Wright, After You Believe: Why Christian Character Matters|Forget happiness. You were called to a throne. How will you prepare for it? That is the question of virtue, Christian style.
Ron Baratono|Anger is the rising up of the heart in passionate displacency against an apprehended evil, which would cross or hinder us of some desired good.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|You were nothing more than a daydream that a beautiful heart was bound to fall in love with, and daydreams aren't real and beautiful hearts trust easily, fall fast and crash hard.
A.L. Jackson, Lost to You|She's called the secretary, but as far as I can tell she basically runs the school.
Jackson Taviri|Our lessons come from the journey, not the destination.
Todd Strasser|At this point I came across one of the vending machines that only Japan has. I have to admit that I love the whimsical items sold in such appliances, like all sorts of junk food, beer cans, whisky bottles and even underwear. This particular machine sold both whisky and underwear, which truly is a bizarre combination, or maybe not, considering all the underwear were female panties. It was therefore my theory that older men would come by and buy the whisky, and then when they were drunk and young women passed by, the men would then offer them panties as gifts for sexual favours. Ya, it all made perfect sense to me.
Jenny Han, It's Not Summer Without You|August rain: the best of the summer gone, and the new fall not yet born. The odd uneven time.
Thalia Chaltas, Because I Am Furniture|Not scared.But excited in thatjiggering-on-too-much-hot-saucekind of waythat it's time tostep outof my old framework,raw and amorphous,to become something I've never thought of before.
Henry Hazlitt|Economics has made good on its promise to deliver prosperity and democratic freedom to much of the world, but in doing away with the age-old problems of humanity, it has opened up a crisis of an entirely new variety.
Elizabeth Kostova|I like a puzzle, as you know. So does every scholar worth his salt. It's the reward of the business, to look history in the eye and say, 'I know who you are. You can't fool me'.
Jennifer Niven, All the Bright Places|What if life could be this way? Only the happy parts, none of the terrible, not even the mildly unpleasant. What if we could just cut out the bad and keep the good? This is what I want to do with Violet - give her only the good, keep away the bad, so that good is all we ever have around us.
Michael Marshall Smith, Only Forward|It's one of those unforgettable moments that happen as a child, when you discover that all along the world has been betraying you.
G.K. Chesterton, The Man Who Was Thursday: A Nightmare|This very pride in keeping his word was that he was keeping it to miscreants. It was his last triumph over these lunatics to go down into their dark room and die for something that they could not even understand. The barrel-organ seemed to give the marching tune with the energy and the mingled noises of a whole orchestra; and he could hear deep and rolling, under all the trumpets of the pride of life, the drums of the pride of death.
Rafael Sánchez Ferlosio, Adventures of the Ingenious Alfanui|A gypsy girl approached Don Zana and Alfanhui and held out her tambourine. Don Zana said to her, 'You don't pay for art, kid.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|I observed that when a footballer is about to make a threatening strike to score a goal, there comes a big shout from spectators at the field. He could either get detracted to miss the opportunity or motivated to make it happen. Such is life!
Anita R. Sneed-Carter|For as from the same piece of clay a potter may fashion either a pot or a tile, so the Devil may shape a witch into a wolf or a cat or even a goat, without subtracting from her and without adding to her at all. For this occurs just as clay is first molded into one, then shaped into another form, for the Devil is a potter and his witches are but clay.
Charles Spurgeon|The wonderful news is that our Lord is a God of mercy, and He responds to repentance.
Elizabeth Warren|Research shows that when women are empowered as political leaders, countries often experience higher standards of living with positive developments in education, infrastructure, and health care.
Lisa Renee Jones, The Master Undone|Good.” He grinned.“I was kind of worried you’d say no. It’s like so against the rules it’s not even funny.”I smiled. “Well. I have to say, Jack Diamond, you’ve demonstrated a deplorable lack of respect for all of my rules.”He chuckled. “Never met a rule I couldn’t break.
James David Lewis-Williams, The Mind in the Cave: Consciousness and the Origins of Art|In altered states of consciousness, the nervous system itself becomes a ‘sixth sense’ that produces a variety of images including entoptic phenomena.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|We fail to see the oneness of all things, and because of this, we unknowingly cause a lot of harm to ourselves. We pollute the Earth that we live on, cut down the trees that produce our oxygen, destroy the ecosystems of nature and the animals that maintain them, and we mistreat and harm each other, thinking that these destructive actions will not have a direct effect on us.
Kirker Butler, Pretty Ugly|There is something infinitely better than happily-ever-after. There is happiness. Happiness is a living, dynamic thing, Eve, and has to be worked on every moment for the rest of our lives. It is a far more exciting prospect than that silly static idea of a happily-ever-after. Would you not agree?" - Aidan Bedwyn
James Finn Garner, Politically Correct Bedtime Stories|The wolf said, "You know, my dear, it isn't safe for a little girl to walk through these woods alone." Red Riding Hood said, "I find your sexist remark offensive in the extreme, but I will ignore it because of your traditional status as an outcast from society, the stress of which has caused you to develop your own, entirely valid, worldview. Now, if you'll excuse me, I must be on my way.
Rhonda Byrne, How The Secret Changed My Life: Real People. Real Stories.|I'm going to find a way to be happy, and I'd really love to be happy with you, but if I can't be happy with you, then I'll find a way to be happy without you.
James A. Baldwin|Property may be destroyed and money may lose its purchasing power; but, character, health, knowledge and good judgement will always be in demand under all conditions.
Nyrae Dawn, Dizzy|Don’t think so. We all make our choices, and those choices have consequences.
Sunday Adelaja|Empower yourself and discover what you can do with your life through hard work, concentration and research
Rebecca Solnit, Men Explain Things to Me|Women in the online gaming community have been harassed, threatened, and driven out. Anita Sarkeesian, a feminist media critic who documented such incidents, received support for her work, but also, in the words of a journalist, 'another wave of really aggressive, you know, violent personal threats, her accounts attempted to be hacked. And one man in Ontario took the step of making an online video game where you could punch Anita's image on the screen. And if you punched it multiple times, bruises and cuts would appear on her image.' The difference between these online gamers and the Taliban men who, last October, tried to murder fourteen-year-old Malala Yousafzai for speaking out about the right of Pakistani women to education is one of degree. Both are trying to silence and punish women for claiming voice, power, and the right to participate. Welcome to Manistan.
Daniel Willey|If we will imagine the thing we want and do our part to “be in the right place at the right time,” there isn’t anything we can’t do, be, or attain.
Carroll Bryant|Slap-stick comedy is really funny, unless you're the one getting slapped with the stick.
Shiloh Walker, The Dragon’s Woman|It hurt her to stir up these feelings, but yet she knew that that was the best part of her soul, and that that part of her soul would quickly be smothered in the life she was leading.
|A giving heart is definitely one of the most precious things on earth. Most especially, when one is giving not because one has too much, but because one believes that it is the right and best thing to do.
A.J. Compton, The Counting-Downers|Our eyes are closed, but even without seeing, they’re only for each other.
Joan Didion, Slouching Towards Bethlehem|Anyway, those things would not have lasted long.The experience of the years shows it to me.But Destiny arrived in some haste and stopped them.The beautiful life was brief.But how potent were the perfumes,On how splendid a bed we lay,To what sensual delight we gave our bodies.An echo of the days of pleasure,An echo of the days drew near me,A little of the fire of the youth of both of us,Again I took in my hands a letter,And I read and reread till the light was gone.And melancholy, I came out on the balconyCame out to change my thoughts at least by looking atA little of the city that I loved,A little movement on the street and in the 
S. Kelley Harrell, Life Betwixt: Essays on Allies in the Everyday and Shamanism Among|Our Soul Allies light the fire in those initial visits, but it’s up to us to keep it burning.
Anastasia Griffith|I believe every child has the right to a mother and a father. Men and women are not the same. That's not to say they're not entitled to equal rights, but they are not the same.
Lydia Davis|I had reached a juncture in my reading life that is familiar to those who have been there: in the allotted time left to me on earth, should I read more and more new books, or should I cease with that vain consumption--vain because it is endless--and begin to reread those books that had given me the intensest pleasure in my past.
Nassem Nicholas Taleb|We need to pay as much attention to the MEANS, as to the END! This is the biggest principle of SUCCESS..The END is so enticing, that we lose sight of the details altogether..Success lies in the DETAILS!
Erin Kellison, Delirium|The wind stilled a bit and he blinked the sand out of his eyes. Before him stood nothing less than the god of the Scrape. It had to be a god. He was huge, muscled, hung like an elephant, and sandy gold, just like his domain.
Kathryn Fogleman, Tales of the Wovlen: The Dragon' Son|Patience is for dragons,” Keegan muttered. “But dragons must learn it, just as humans must,” Pharrgon replied.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|Ah—now you think I have been lying to you, that this is only a story. It has a king in it. And while a story with Death might be true, a story with a king in it is always a fairy tale. But remember, this comes from a time when kings were as common as corn. Plant a field and you got corn. Plant a kingdom and you got a king. It is that simple.
Jodi Picoult, Between the Lines|I realize that I quite like this girl. It’s not just that she’s so pretty the words fly out of my mind before they can leave my mouth—it’s that when we’re chatting, I feel like I’ve known her all my life.
Faith Tilley Johnson|To take a picture is to have an interest in things as they are, in the status quo remaining unchanged, to be in complicity with whatever makes a subject interesting, worth photographing-including, when that is the interest, another person's pain or misfortune.
Jon R. Michaelsen|To achieve the impossible, you must attempt the absurd
I. Marlene King|When a man becomes a writer, I think he takes a sacred obligation to produce beauty and enlightenment and comfort at top speed.
John F. Kennedy|The main thing is to make history, not to write it.
Robert Smithson|And as I reinvent myself and I'm constantly curious about everything, I can't wait to see what's around the corner in newfound art and entertainment and exploration.
Jackie Castle, Luminosity|Lotari turned back to the dance floor in time to see Stitch spin Carah before sweeping her into a low dip. Stitch grinned at Jerin and gave him a wink. Jerin's fist clenched. His face went from red to almost purple. Lotari thought he might need to intervene before this got out of hand and Jerin pulled out the sword. He glanced at Alyra. The bird was gone. The girl sat wide-eyed, her hands fumbling with something beneath the table. "Ooh, oh, my." The palomino stumbled. Lotari rushed over to help.  "Oh, my leg. My leg!" he limped, draping his arm over Carah's shoulder. "Please, my dear, help me over to my friends where I can rest it a moment. Ohhh, this is tragic. I was having such fun. Oh my." Lotari stopped, realizing Stitch had suddenly switched the leg he limped on. "I am sorry. You are such a marvelous dancer. Jerin, you must take her out for me. She is much too good to be another wallflower." Jumping right into the game, Lotari gave the big man a hard push. "Yes, you must." Carah's gaze narrowed on Stitch with suspicious amusement. Perhaps realizing the opportunity given her, she smiled endearingly, turning the solid young man into a puddle of mush. "I'll be most grateful if you could finish the song with me, Jerin." She even flipped her strawberry curls from her face. Perfect.Lotari wasn't sure, but thought Jerin said something that sounded like, "Ilbebbedgladtoooo."  As he led Carah to the dance floor, Stitch and Lotari clapped each other's back. "Well done, Son" Lotari looked toward Alyra. "Pure brilliance." She was gone.
Chidiebere Prosper Agbugba|Your mindset determines your reality. Think positive, Act positive and Live positive.
Dimitri Zaik|Give me something in between the spectrums of light, darkness and sound and most days I will create something out of it for you.
Anne Frank|I want friends, not admirers. People who respect me for my character and my deeds, not my flattering smile. The circle around me would be much smaller, but what does that matter, as long as they're sincere?
Tim Parks, Where I'm Reading From: The Changing World of Books|It wont do to say that the reader is too dumb or too lazy to keep pace with the train of thought. If the reader is lost, it's usually because the writer hasn't be careful enough.
John Lasseter|Even though it's hard to learn how to back your car out the driveway at first, once it becomes a habit, you can do it almost automatically and think about something else, like the meeting that you need to go to today or what's on the radio.
Robin Rumi, Naked Morsels: Short Stories of Spiritual Erotica|All women are a reflection, a mirror of the Goddess. Remember… you are the Universe figuring itself out. So of course you are identical to the female aspect of divinity.
Sharyn McCrumb, The Ballad of Frankie Silver|The whole commerce between master and slave is a perpetual exercise of the most boisterous passions, the most unremitting despotism on the one part, and degrading subjugation on the other. Our children see this, and learn to imitate it: for man is an imitative animal.
Timothy Beal, The Rise and Fall of the Bible: The Unexpected History of an Accidental Book|The history of the Bible is one of perpetual revolution. In that light, we might begin to think about the Bible not so much as a fixed thing but as a dynamic, vital tradition. In light of its history, the Bible looks less like a rock than a river, continually flowing and changing, widening and narrowing, as it moves downstream. For some, thinking about the Bible as a river and not a rock is liberating. That rock has been a millstone around the neck and a tombstone that won’t be rolled away. But for others, seeing it this way can be disorienting. That rock has promised solid foundation in a stormy world. Cling to it or be swept away.
Matthew Dicks, Memoirs of an Imaginary Friend|You have to be the bravest person in the world to go out every day, being yourself when no one likes who you are.
Anita Roddick|I want to define success by redefining it. For me it isn't that solely mythical definition - glamour, allure, power of wealth, and the privilege from care. Any definition of success should be personal because it's so transitory. It's about shaping my own destiny.
John O'Donohue, Anam Cara: A Book of Celtic Wisdom|Beannacht / BlessingOn the day whenthe weight deadenson your shouldersand you stumble,may the clay danceto balance you.And when your eyesfreeze behindthe grey windowand the ghost of lossgets in to you,may a flock of colours,indigo, red, green,and azure bluecome to awaken in youa meadow of delight.When the canvas fraysin the currach of thoughtand a stain of oceanblackens beneath you,may there come across the watersa path of yellow moonlightto bring you safely home.May the nourishment of the earth be yours,may the clarity of light be yours,may the fluency of the ocean be yours,may the protection of the ancestors be yours.And so may a slowwind work these wordsof love around you,an invisible cloakto mind your life.
Deborah Blake, Dangerously Charming|At the sight of Day, her whole face lit up.	"Mikhail! You came! Barbara said you would, but that we might have to wait for hell to freeze over first. Did it?
Lao Tzu|Don't fear the unknown for it may be the change you're looking for. And, once you've crossed that bridge be prepared to change once again for the only for sure in life is change.
Wilkie Collins, The Woman in White|Sympathies that lie too deep for words, too deep almost for thoughts, are touched, at such times, by other charms than those which the senses feel and which the resources of expression can realise.
Peter A. Lorge, The Asian Military Revolution: From Gunpowder to the Bomb|...the modern bias in contemporary Western scholarship (which has spread to the rest of the world as well) insists upon focusing all attention on the formation of the modern world and ‘‘modernity.’’ By directing attention to a time period rather than to a region, Western scholars can place the West at the center of any discussion, and subordinate backward Asia to Western history, without explicitly condemning Asian cultures and polities or arguing for a narrowly Eurocentric view of the world. Nevertheless, modern history is effectively a racist pursuit that not only elevates white Westerners above all others, but also actively denigrates Asian history.
Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset: An Unconventional Guide to Healing and Happiness|The child will leave the nest. The best paint job will crack. The best play will become boring. The best work will grow tedious. The best art will lose meaning. The greatest creation will decay. Behind all this, lies my true self.
Kingsley Opuwari Manuel|Materialism is not having things, it is letting things have you.
Woody Allen|If God exists, I hope he has a good excuse.
Edgar Allan Poe|For the moon never beams without bringing me dreams Of the beautiful Annabel Lee; And the stars never rise but I feel the bright eyes Of the beautiful Annabel Lee; And so, all the night-tide, I lie down by the side Of my darling- my darling- my life and my bride, In the sepulchre there by the sea, In her tomb by the sounding sea.
Praying Medic, Divine Healing Made Simple: Simplifying the supernatural to make healing & miracles a part of your everyday life|Healing comes by faith. Faith is destroyed by doubt. If you doubt whether God wants people to be healed, you won’t see them healed.
C. JoyBell C.|The secret to success: Don’t stop to admire yourself too often. I only stopped to admire my work after I wrote eight books, before that, I never once admired myself for accomplishing anything in my profession. Don't stop to admire yourself too much, instead, admire people who have achieved more than you have, because that gives you something to keep on looking forward to. But when the time comes that you should take a look at the greatness you have done, make sure you take a really long and hard good look at it! Make sure you know your own greatness.
Aimee Friedman, 21 Proms|Believe me, I’ve lived long enough to know that no matter how stable a life may seem, there’s always something that can change all of that in a blink of an eye.
Cheryl R Cowtan, Girl Desecrated|But you are, you know, you were, the nearest thing to a real story to happen in my life
Jane Austen, Love and Friendship|Never feel like you need to visit him, ever?" "I see him every morning in the mirror. I think of him as the ghost version of me. And who needs to visit your own ghost?
Henning Mankell, The Dogs of Riga|The book-learned preacher who carries the badge of authority, is by no means religious.
Jake Vander-Ark|..he was 'nuts about her', as the parlance of the day had it, as if it were generally recognised that love and madness are adjoining rooms with extremely porous walls.
Kofi Annan|If ignorance is bliss, there should be more happy people.
Derric Yuh Ndim|If you don’t take control of yourcareer development, it’s highly unlikely that anyone else will!
Ellen Pompeo|I've always been fascinated with the juxtaposition of technology in music, not only in recording, but in the keyboard. It's amazing the way you can apply technology to an art form.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes|One sure way to kill a dream, is to suffocate it with worry.
Jody Lynn Nye, Human for a Day|But I should not have to explain to you how important it is for science and simplicity to coexist. One must not fear to be a little child again, when times of wonder are at hand.
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|Until you believe you can do it, it's going to be difficult to convince anyone else you can do it.
A.A. Bell, Hindsight|Once bitten twice shy? Sure, but... why not get a bigger dog and bite them back?
Marco Rubio|Your liver is your vital detoxification organ, and if it becomes overloaded with toxins from the food, drink, or medications you're consuming, you'll have more toxins circulating throughout your body, damaging your organs and glands. Detoxing your liver will help it work more efficiently - and help you slim your waistline.
David Paul Kirkpatrick, The Address Of Happiness|Union with God is the only heaven there is, and it begins here on earth.
Yunus Emre|A single word can brighten the faceof one who knows the value of words.Ripened in silence, a single wordacquires a great energy for work.War is cut short by a word,and a word heals the wounds,and there’s a word that changespoison into butterand honey.Let a word mature inside yourself.Withhold the unripened thought.Come and understand the kind of wordthat reduces money and riches to dust.Know when to speak a wordand when not to speak at all.A single word turns the universe of hellinto eight paradises.Follow the Way. Don’t be fooledby what you already know. Be watchful.Reflect before you speak.A foolish mouth can brand your soul.Yunus, say one last thingabout the power of words –Only the word “I”divides me from God.
Jane Austen, Emma|Water seeks its own level. Look at them. The Tigris, the Euphrates, the Mississippi, the Amazon, the Yangtze. The world's great rivers. And every one of them finds its way to the ocean.
Debasish Mridha|Imagine, then think, then desire, then dream, then act to achieve and it will be yours.
amy abarca|The LORD is my rock, and my fortress, and my savior; my God, my strength.
Paulo Coelho, Warrior of the Light|There is such a thing as emotional rubbish; it is produced in the factories of the mind. It consists of pain that has long since passed and is no longer useful. It consists of precautions that were important in the past, but that serve no purpose in the present.
Robert Barltrop|Seeking social equality for disabilities doesn't come from bullying or militancy, seeking social equality for disabilities comes is from realising the open-mindedness and acknowledgement of each person's reality
Ben Jacobs, The Quotable Book Lover|The books we read help to shape who we are. Reading offers us, as children, our first independence- allowing us to travel far beyond the confines of our immediate world. Books introduce us to great figures in history, narratives that stir our spirit, fictions that tug us out of ourselves and into the lives of a thousand others, and visions of every era through which human beings have lived. And in the process of stretching who we are, books also connect us to all others- of our own or previous times- who have read what we've read. In the community of readers, we instantly become linked to those who share our love for specific characters or passages.A well-composed book,' says Caroline Gordon, 'is a magic carpet on which we are wafted to a world that we cannot enter in any other way.
George MacDonald, Weighed and Wanting|Anybody with leisure can do that who is willing to begin where everything ought to be begun--that is, at the beginning. Nothing worth calling good can or ever will be started full grown. The essential of any good is life, and the very body of created life, and essential to it, being its self operant, is growth. The larger start you make, the less room you leave for life to extend itself. You fill with the dead matter of your construction the places where assimilation ought to have its perfect work, building by a life-process, self-extending, and subserving the whole. Small beginnings with slow growings have time to root themselves thoroughly--I do not mean in place nor yet in social regard, but in wisdom. Such even prosper by failures, for their failures are not too great to be rectified without injury to the original idea.
Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz, New Essays on Human Understanding|Nothing forbids man to enjoy himself, save grim and gloomy superstition
Mark Lawrence|There is, in the act of destruction, a beauty which we try to deny, and a joy which we cannot. Children build to knock down, and though we may grow around it, that need runs in us, deeper than our blood.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|You're Ma's own blood son, but did she take on that time Tony Fontaine shot you in the leg? No, she just sent for old Doc Fontaine to dress it and asked the doctor what ailed Tony's aim. Said she guessed the licker was spoiling his marksmanship.
Gregory J. Boyle, Tattoos on the Heart: The Power of Boundless Compassion|Kinship– not serving the other, but being one with the other. Jesus was not “a man for others”; he was one with them. There is a world of difference in that.
Gudjon Bergmann, More Likely to Quote Star Wars than the Bible: Generation X and Our Frustrating Search for Rational Spirituality|Growth seems to evolve from a narrow-minded, constricted worldview (selfish) to an ever-more-encompassing worldview (multiperspective caring). To put it simply, the more self-centered you are, the lower you tend to land on these scales, while the more perspectives you can entertain—the more empathy you can show and the better your ability to see things from a variety of viewpoints—the higher you land on these scales.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|That was it. To be a rolling stone. In the romantic places of the earth. Ready for a fight, a frolic, or a feed. And since I was Irish, since I was Billy Hamill's son, since I was from Brooklyn: a drink too.
Paul Theroux, Ghost Train to the Eastern Star|The woman had gasped beneath his heavy body. He rubbed against her, lubricated by the warm, sticky liquid, but as her body gradually grew cold, he felt as though they'd been glued together. She seemed to be see-sawing between agony and ecstasy, but finally Satake pressed his lips over hers to quiet the groans-of pain or pleasure-that were leaking from her mouth. He found the hole that he had made in her side and worked his finger deep into the opening. Blood was pumping from the wound, staining their sex a gruesome crimson. He wanted to get further inside, to melt into her. As he was about to come, he pulled his lips from her and she whispered in his ear: "I'm finished . . . finished." "I know," he'd said, and he could still hear the exact sound of his own voice.
Katherine Longshore, Tarnish|The walls loom, grey as the rain outside. LIke the sky of England itself. Everything seems colourless and humbled, despite the layers of velvets and tapestries, the peacock plumage of courtiers and ladies. Greenwich Palace feels like my father's disappointment made tangible.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Don't give up the fight. Don't dim out the light. Those who at first don't believe in you, will soon begin to ask you "how did you do it?” Keep it up!
Ruskin Bond, The Best of Ruskin Bond|People often ask me why my style is so simple. It is, in fact, deceptively simple, for no two sentences are alike. It is clarity that I am striving to attain, not simplicity.Of course, some people want literature to be difficult and there are writers who like to make their readers toil and sweat. They hope to be taken more seriously that way. I have always tried to achieve a prose that is easy and conversational. And those who think this is simple should try it for themselves.
Kanae Minato|I am a ghost,Living in ethereal thoughts.
John Joseph Powell, The Secret of Staying in Love|It is an absolute human certainty that no one can know his own beauty or perceive a sense of his own worth until it has been reflected back to him in the mirror of another loving, caring human being.
G.S. Jennsen, Rubicon|Sometimes, the only cost to experience an ecstatic moment is a decision
Saru Singhal|There are many fish in the sea, but never let a good one swim away.
Paul Bowles, The Sheltering Sky|This very heart which is mine will forever remain indefinable to me. Between the certainty I have of my existence and the content I try to give to that assurance, the gap will never be filled. Forever I shall be a stranger to myself.
Sachin Bansal|If technology and communications can adapt to people's modern lifestyles, then why can't our labor laws follow suit? Private-sector businesses continue to live under an outdated federal mandate that says the only way to compensate for overtime is through cash wages.
Bryan Curtis, Classic Wisdom for the Good Life|Every time you shift a blame on what you could have taken responsibility for, you deny yourself an opportunity to learn and grow.
Mark Batterson, All In: You Are One Decision Away From a Totally Different Life|I don't know about you, but I want God to reveal the second step before I take the first step of faith. But I've discovered that if I don't take the first step, God generally won't reveal the next step...Most of us will only follow Christ to the point of precedence -- the place where we have been before. But ...If you want God to do something new, you cannot keep doing what you've always done. You've got to push past the fear of the unknown. You've got to do something different.
Anthony Bourdain|I didn't leave home until 27. I was an only child raised in Philadelphia by my mother and grandmother. My grandmother controlled the stove. She made a lot of potato meals - mashed potato, potato souffle, potato pancakes. When we didn't have electricity, we ate romantically by candlelight.
Deyth Banger|Water is becoming a very scarce resource on a daily basis. Therefore, we need to teach communities to preserve it since we can't afford to live without water.
Neal Ascherson, Black Sea|A history of civilization shares the presumptuousness of every philosophical enterprise: it offers the ridiculous spectacle of a fragment expounding the whole. Like philosophy, such a venture has no rational excuse, and is at best but a brave stupidity; but let us hope that, like philosophy, it will always lure some rash spirits into its fatal depths.
Francesca Lia Block, Wasteland|It is time for a return to childhood, to simplicity, to running and climbing and laughing in the sunshine, to experiencing happiness instead of being trained for a lifetime of pursuing happiness. It is time to let children be children again.
Iris Murdoch|Dora was stunned by this information. She stopped. 'Do you mean' she said, 'that they're completely imprisoned in there?'Mrs. Marks laughed. 'Not imprisoned, my dear,' she said. 'They are there of their own free will. This is not a prison. It is on the contrary a place which it is very hard to get into, and only the strongest achieve it. Like Mary in the parable, they have chosen the better part.
Felicity Brandon, Customer Service|So the question is, what can I do to motivate you, Polly?”She eyes me salaciously and I drop my gaze, unable to return the intensity. Gently, she uses one finger to lift my chin and make my eyes meet her own. They are a vivid blue and alive with desire for me. The air around us is charged and the tension is palpable. My soaking pussy is a testament to how much I already want her…“Well?” she asks, breaking my train of thought. I gaze at her face; just a few inches from mine.“I – I’ve never done this before…”“Done what Polly?” Rachel chides, removing her finger. I miss the contact immediately and am rueful to have upset her. She raises one eyebrow at me. “Thought about what motivates you?” she asks, sardonically.“I’ve never been like this… with a woman, I mean…”She rises from the sofa in one fluid movement and stands above me.“Kneel Polly.”Surprised by the order, I blink at her before I respond.“Excuse me?”Rachel smiles at me.“Get. On. Your. Knees,” she says, articulating each word, and pointing to the floor in front of her. “I am going to find a way to motivate you.
Saaif Alam|A tangible sense of excruciation is caused by an unfair and cruel punishment. However, this problem can be resolved if people as a whole crowd courageously speak up and propose for a reform to balance their governments' power.
G. Spencer Brown, Laws Of Form|We may take it that the world is undoubtedly itself [i.e., is indistinct from itself], but, in any attempt to see itself, as an object, it must, equally, undoubtedly act so as to make itself distinct from and therefore false to itself.In this sense, in respect to its own information, the universe must expand to escape the telescopes through which we, who are it, are trying to capture it, which is us.
Mina Marial Nicoli, The Magic of Avalon Eyrelin|May the light be in you forever,May the sun love you and keep you,May the dream make you awaken.For the stars love to shine upon you, And the heavens cry for your loss.May goodness and love flow through you once more,Drink of the light and the love here,Find that we all need you,May your spirit come back across.
Peter Ackroyd, First Light|And when I was young, did I ever tell you, I always wanted to get insidea book and never come out again? I loved reading so much I wantedto be a part of it, and there were some books I could have stayed infor ever.
Gail Carson Levine, Fairest|To me, merely and pretty were words that had nothing to do with each other. Pretty went with miraculously, and merely belonged in another paragraph entirely.
Kayla Krantz, Survive at Midnight|It's been so long, I don't remember what okay feels like.
Joseph Caldwell, The Pig Did It|Today, Aaron decided, he would begin to grieve in earnest. He would walk the lonely beach, mocked by gulls, uncaring, his every step a stately rebuke to the malign forces that had blighted his fate. His was the tragedy of a man who couldn't have his own way, and he intended to make known his anguish in the solemn solitude that only a stretch of sand, a suspiring sea, and a beetling cliff could provide.
Danny Glover|There is no fundamental difference between the preparation for death and the practice of dying, and spiritual practice leading to enlightenment.
Ray Bradbury, Dandelion Wine|I wanted a guy who made my stomach flutter, who was polite and respectful to everyone because he didn't think of anybody as beneath him, a man who did good things not because of what he’d gain but simply because it was the right thing to do. I wanted someone that cared about the injustices of the world and tried to help even if the issue didn't affect his life.
Mark F. LaMoure|Excellent people are those, who choose to separate themselves from mediocrity.
Jamie McGuire|She paused and met his gaze straight on. “You should be seeing someone your own age, Troy Lee.”“Please don’t start that bullshit again. It’s not the issue and you know it.”“Really. What, pray tell, is the issue?”“We’ve been out one time and already you’re looking for me to cut and run." He shook his head. “You’re doing it again. Speeding ahead, looking for where you think you’re going, instead of seeing what’s along the way. You gotta learn to slow down and enjoy the ride, Angel.
Robyn Schneider, The Beginning of Everything|A mysterious ability, a broken promise, a life changed forever...
Jill Ciment, Heroic Measures|Why is it amazing that I don’t act my age? Why should I act my age? Or more to the point, how is someone my age supposed to act? Old age is part fact, part state of mind, part luck, and wholly something best left for other people to ponder, not you or me. Why waste your time? I don’t.
Tom Rachman, The Imperfectionists|I have to wonder if you're not being slightly naive here. I mean, are you saying that you want nothing for people? You have no motives? Everybody has motives. Name the person, the circumstances, I'll name the motive. Even saints have motives -- to feel like saints, probably. ... But still, the point of any relationship is obtaining something from another person.
Krista Scott-Dixon, Fuck Calories and Other Dietary Heresies|Keep your friends close, your enemies closer, and the junk food as far away as possble.
Janet Evanovich, How I Write: Secrets of a Bestselling Author|According to Wallace, the expectation that art amuses is a 'poisonous lesson for a would-be artist to grow up with,' since it places all of the power with the audience, sometimes breeding resentment on the part of the author. 'I can see it in myself and in other young writers,' he told McCaffery: 'this desperate desire to please coupled with a kind of hostility to the reader.' Wallace expressed his 'hostility' by writing unwieldy sentences, refusing to fulfill readers' expectations, and 'bludgeoning the reader with data'--all strategies he used to wrestle back some of the power held by modern audiences.
Elizabeth Blackwell|The enemies cannot destroy the king who has at his service the respect and friendship of the wise men who can find fault, disagree, and correct him.
Khadija Rupa|What makes a good book? Simply put, a good book is one that you enjoy reading.
Ginni Rometty|It's still amazing, but when I was growing up, Harlem was the Mecca of black culture. I was so inspired by it, the aspirational feeling you'd get spending time there. Experiences that were really specific to that place.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|I don’t know much about love, but I can assure you that is not the love what we are doing.
D.H. Lawrence, The Rainbow|And she shrank away again, back into her darkness, and for a long while remained blotted safely away from living.
Gugu Mona|If you travel in space for three years and come back, four hundred years will have passed on Earth. I am only an armchair astronomer, but I have the odd sense that I have returned from a journey to a world where nothing quite makes sense.
Cecilia Llompart, The Wingless|Consider the road, long and forkedas the Devil’s own tongue.Consider the Devil, burningevery bridge; Placingin every tree a black bird. 	In every bird a black thought.
Catherynne M. Valente, Deathless|Are you asking if I believe in ghosts?""I don't know. Maybe. Yes.""Of course not. Imagine how many there'd be.""Yes," Kirsten said, "that's exactly it.
Desmond Tutu|Forgiveness is the only way to heal ourselves and to be free from the past. Without forgiveness, we remain tethered to the person who harmed us. We are bound to the chains of bitterness, tied together, trapped. Until we can forgive the person who harmed us, that person will hold the keys to our happiness, that person will be our jailor. When we forgive, we take back control of our own fate and our feelings. We become our own liberator.
Prestel Publishing, Jonathan Meese: Fraulein Atlantis|I found that those friends of mine who welcomed the unseen into the realm of their seen offered immediate understanding. Some are Christians, some are not. Most are artists of some kind or other; artistry can extend to a way of being, of living lovingly in this world. Many seem to have almost a spiritual affinity for the unmarked trail, armed only with True North. ["Leap With Faith" Blogpost By Carolyn Weber — July 27, 2011]
Tony Dovale|REAL Leadership is the building of belief, that activates and aligns the full potential, for a meaningful cause
Dolly Parton|I've cried, and you'd think I'd be better for it, but the sadness just sleeps, and it stays in my spine the rest of my life.
Lisa Kleypas, Scandal in Spring|In this regard, Daisy reflected, her marriage to Matthew would not be unlike Lillian's with Westcliff. As two strong-willed people with very different sensibilities, Lillian and Westcliff often argued and negotiated... and yet this didn't seem to weaken their marriage. Quite the opposite, in fact- their union seemed all the better for it.She considered her friends' marriages... Annabelle and Mr. Hunt as a harmony of similar dispositions... Evie and Lord St. Vincent with their opposite natures, as necessary to each other's existence as day and night. It was impossible to say that any of these pairings was superior to the others.Perhaps, in spite of all she had heard about the ideal of a perfect marriage, there was no such thing. Perhaps every marriage was a unique creation.
Patrick Hamilton, Hangover Square|She was decidedly attractive, he saw, but in an ill-natured, ungracious way. Because of his connection with Fitzgerald, Carstairs & Scott, Johnnie had an extensive knowledge of the external appearance and different modes of behavior of a great variety of attractive women: they came up to the office in shoals, with their nails dipped in blood and their faces covered with pale cocoa. And some were charming and simple beneath their masks, and some were complex and arrogant. This girl belonged to the latter type, the type which would ignore or stare surlily at him if he spoke to them, until they learned that the actual money came through him, when their manner sweetened wonderfully. This girl wore her attractiveness not as a girl should, simply, consciously, as a happy crown of pleasure, but rather as a murderous utensil with which she might wound indiscriminately right and left, and which she would only employ to please when it suited her purpose. They were like bad-tempered street-walkers, without walking the street.
Nate Parker|My senior leadership team is half people who have been at GM for a long period of time like me, and others who have joined the company within the last five years from different industries, experiences, and countries. You have a better picture of the world. The diversity of thought is where you can make better business decisions.
Colum McCann, Let the Great World Spin|One of the highlights of the first Good Omens tour was Neil and I walking through New York singing Shoehorn with Teeth. Well, we'd had a good breakfast. And you don't get mugged, either.
Patrick McGrath, Dr. Haggard's Disease|Being busy is a distraction and I am sure that doing nothing, resting and sleeping are all good cures for modern life. I am not suggesting we all do nothing but sleep, however, sometimes stopping long enough to 'be' can be very powerful.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Faust: My Soul be Damned for the World, Vol. 2|Looters become looted, while time and tide make us mercenaries all.
Lao Tzu|The American Dream is that any man or woman, despite of his or her background, can change their circumstances and rise as high as they are willing to work.
Aldous Huxley|Writers write to influence their readers, their preachers, their auditors, but always, at bottom, to be more themselves.
Tony Kornheiser|Only one person can own any plate at a time. It belongs to the pitcher, or it belongs to the batter, Aiken, but not to both. You understand.
Bob Proctor|The Law Polarity decrease that everything has an opposite it's the flip side of the coin, you're right my left, the front the back, consider this next time you disagree with someone because their right from their point of view.
J.R. Ward, Lover Mine|The truth was...he was in love with her. Totally over-the-line, no-going-back, not-even-dead-would-he-part kind of shit.
Max Brooks, World War Z: An Oral History of the Zombie War|Television screens saturated with commercials promote the utopian and childish idea that all problems have fast, simple, and technological solutions. You must banish from your mind the naive but commonplace notion that commercials are about products. They are about products in the same sense that the story of Jonah is about the anatomy of whales. 
F. Sionil Jose|I would love to be married. But it's not a necessity like the way that I feel I need and want to have children. It would be wonderful to have a husband, and I would feel blessed to do it. But I would feel sad for the rest of my life if I had no kids.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead|Why do the living assume the dead know better than we do? Like they gained some knowledge by dying, but why wouldn't they just be the same confused people they were before they died?
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Marriage is a million piece puzzle, a pristine and exciting pursuit at the beginning that gradually becomes a daunting task, usually more challenging than anticipated.   It is only those truly committed to solving that puzzle who witness in the end the miraculous outcome of every tiny piece laid out and pressed together in an inspiring and envious creation—a treasure only time, resoluteness, and perseverance could create. 
Daniel Handler, Why We Broke Up|I spent the rest of the day doing little more than that. I skipped dinner. I shed a few tears. But mostly, I just sat on my bed thinking and growing more and more depressed. I also discovered the only thing worse than imagining Dimitri and Tasha together was remembering when he and I had been together. He would never touch me again like that, never kiss me again…
Phillip DePoy, A Corpse's Nightmare|I consider Anarchism the most beautiful and practical philosophy that has yet been thought of in its application to individual expression and the relation it establishes between the individual and society. Moreover, I am certain that Anarchism is too vital and too close to human nature ever to die. It is my conviction that dictatorship, whether to the right or to the left, can never work--that it never has worked, and that time will prove this again, as it has been proved before. When the failure of modern dictatorship and authoritarian philosophies becomes more apparent and the realization of failure more general, Anarchism will be vindicated. Considered from this point, a recrudescence of Anarchist ideas in the near future is very probable. When this occurs and takes effect, I believe that humanity will at last leave the maze in which it is now lost and will start on the path to sane living and regeneration through freedom.
Tony Curl, Seriously Simple Stuff to Get You Unstuck|Don’t clock off from life, you are still standing and that is testament there is more to live. Embrace life.
Dominic Riccitello|The truth is: I was lost in him. I had gone from losing one of the most important people in my life and then losing someone I loved a month later. I wrapped myself in people, in lust, in the idea of love. I met him and I met a gentlemen, and when I found out who he truly was, I was still in love with the gentleman and justified all of his actions.
Paulette Jiles, Enemy Women|The world was in truth made of jackstraws. The world was very combustible, the human body was partible in ways heretofore unimagined. What held the civilized world together was the thinnest tissue of nothing but human will. Civilization was not in the natural order but was some wort of willed invention held taut like a fabric or a sail against the chaos of the winds. And why we had invented it, or how we knew to invent it, was beyond him.Newmann had seen some truth that was completely out of his power to put into words. But he had come away knowing that even though the world of civilization was made of straw and lantern slides, he must live in it as if it were solid. Even when the heat of the lantern itself burnt away the illusions and a black hole appeared in the middle of the slide.
Stanley Kubrick|Latency is very important when you think about autonomous cars and things like that - 5G will really change the game, and I think will be another spike of growth in the wireless industry.
Andrew Jackson|The toddler craves independence, but he fears desertion.
Riana Ambarsari|What shall we do, what shall we do! Escaping goblins to be caught by wolves is like out of the frying pan and into the fire!
Harbhajan Singh|I was a 'Duck Hunt' and 'Mario' guy, and stuff like that. I was never technologically driven. I never had all the cool, new toys. I was the youngest child, I wasn't the only child, so I wasn't spoiled as a kid. And, we were on the farm, so we didn't have a lot. Also, with computers, I'm not very good with them. I just check my email.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Unless you refuse the bad things happening to you, you will continue to suffer with your own consent!
Sunday Adelaja|A person with a victim complex is incapable of achieving his goal without someone’s assistance, advice and prompts
Chris Abani|Even though I have often recorded alone, I still feel the best music is made by musicians playing off each other.
Jaida Jones|But...surely you know where your nephew is going?' she asked, looking bewildered.'Certainly we know,' said Vernon Dursley. 'He's off with some of your lot, isn't he? Right, Dudley, let's get in the car, you heard the man, we're in a hurry.'Again, Vernon Dursley marched as far as the front door, but Dudley did not follow.'Off with some of our lot?'Hestia looked outraged. Harry had met the attitude before: witches and wizards seemed stunned that his closest living family took so little interest in the famous Harry Potter.'It's fine,' Harry assured her. 'It doesn't matter, honestly.''Doesn't matter?' repeated Hestia, her voice rising ominously.'Don't these people realise what you've been through? What danger you are in? The unique position you hold in the hearts of the anti-Voldemort movement?'Er - no, they don't,' said Harry. 'They think I'm a waste of space, actually, but I'm used to -''I don't think you're a waste of space.'If Harry had not seen Dudley's lips move, he might not have believed it.
Sahara Sanders, INDIGO DIARIES: A Series of Novels|All it takes is one word, one action, one voice. Believe in yourself, and you can accomplish anything!
Patrick Ness, The Rest of Us Just Live Here|And yeah, I know most people would think it weird that two guy friends touch as much as we do, but when you choose your family, you get to choose how it is between you, too. This is how we work. I hope you get to choose your family and I hope it means as much to you as mine does to me.
Marco Tulliio Cicerone|To be ignorant of what occurred before you were born is to remain always a child. For what is the worth of human life, unless it is woven into the life of ancestors' by the records of history?
Sandra Jones, His Captive Princess|He lifted his head, staring into her eyes as if searching for something. Voice ragged, he said, "I told you I'm a possessive man, Eleri. I want to keep you, mount you, fill you, but even as I hold you like this... I am still your captive. Have mercy and tell me you'll have me.
Peter Høeg|Under certain circumstances the fateful decisions in life, sometimes even in matters of life and death, are made with an almost indifferent ease. While the little things-for instance, the way people hang on to what is over-seem so important.
C. JoyBell C.|There is a higher form of hierarchy and that is the hierarchy of the spirit. When I stand in front of a person, I stand in front of a soul and I have met magnificent souls in bodies possessing no money, as well as parched and shallow souls in bodies bathed in riches. In the same light, I have met magnificent souls in bodies bathed in wealth, as well as parched and shallow souls in bodies that are impoverished. I am tired of people busying their minds with hierarchy based upon money, because this form of hierarchy is primitive; meanwhile there is an altogether higher form of hierarchy that is of the soul. As you judge man and woman based upon their riches, I laugh at your primitive form of judgment! When I stand in front of a human, I stand in front of a soul.
Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief|Young Cyclopes grow up alone on the streets, learn to make things out of scraps. Learn to survive...makes us appreciate blessings, not be greedy and mean and fat...
Marina Warner, The Leto Bundle|A society that doesn't know any longer how to observe every death with proper rituals, that does not know that death is not the end, but only part of the journey, has lost its way, has had the very heart of its humanity torn out.
Sue Monk Kidd, The Secret Life of Bees|Nobody around here had ever seen a lady beekeeper till her. She liked to tell everybody that women made the best beekeepers, 'cause they have a special ability built into them to love creatures that sting. It comes from years of loving children and husbands.
Alan VanMeter|... With a slight miscalculated leap cleared to the iron picket fence. Put the fear of God into me, picket fences and balls don't mix.
Thomas à Kempis, The Imitation of Christ|When a man desires a thing too much, he at once becomes ill at ease. A proud and avaricious man never rests, whereas he who is poor and humble of heart lives in a world of peace. An unmortified man is quickly tempted and overcome in small, trifling evils; his spirit is weak, in a measure carnal and inclined to sensual things; he can hardly abstain from earthly desires. Hence it makes him sad to forego them; he is quick to anger if reproved. Yet if he satisfies his desires, remorse of conscience overwhelms him because he followed his passions and they did not lead to the peace he sought.
Teresa of Ávila, The Life of Saint Teresa of Ávila by Herself|Mental prayer is, as I see it, simply a friendly intercourse and frequent solitary conversation with Him who, as we know, loves us.
Paula Hawkins, Into the Water|We tell our stories differently, don't we, you and I?
Gro Harlem Brundtland|In this media-drenched, multitasking, always-on age, many of us have forgotten how to unplug and immerse ourselves completely in the moment. We have forgotten how to slow down. Not surprisingly, this fast-forward culture is taking a toll on everything from our diet and health to our work and the environment.
Charlie Higson, The Enemy|Standing in the corridor was a large plastic bin on wheels. He looked inside. Empty tins of dog food. That explained the spaghetti with meat sauce. Oh well, he'd eaten worse.
Axl Rose|I like Ryan Gosling as an actor. I watch all of his movies, and he's Canadian and I just like his swag. I read his interviews and I'm a big fan of his.
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|And now, for something completely the same:Wasted time and wasted breath,'s what I'll make, until my death.Helping people 'd be as good,but I wouldn't, if I could.For the few that help deserve,have no need, or not the nerve,help from strangers to accept,plus from mine a few have wept.Wept from joy, or from despair,or just from my vengeful stare.Ways I have, to look at stupid,make them see I am not Cupid.Make them see they are in error,for of truth I am a bearer.Most decide I'm just a bear,mauling at them, - like I care.
Margaret Heffernan, Willful Blindness: Why We Ignore the Obvious at Our Peril|In treating people as less important than things, work becomes both demoralised and demoralising and we become blind to the moral content of our decisions...Money and wilfful blindness make us act in ways incompatible wiht what believe our ethics to be, and often even with our own self-interest...the problem with money isn't fundamentally about greed, although it can be comforting to think so. The problem with money is that we live in societies in which mutual support and co-operation is essential, but money erodes the relationships we need to lead productive, fulfilling and genuinely happy lives. When money becomes the dominant behavior, it doesn't cooperate with, or amplify, our relationships; it disengages us from them.
Howard Schultz, Pour Your Heart Into It: How Starbucks Built a Company One Cup at a Time|In this ever-changing society, the most powerful and enduring brands are built from the heart. They are real and sustainable. Their foundations are stronger because they are built with the strength of the human spirit, not an ad campaign. The companies that are lasting are those that are authentic.
Akhenaton|Combine the extremes, and you will have the true center.
Harrish Sairaman|You can only give and display what you have if you are frustrated with others you are quite a frustrating person and if you are loving others, you are a lovely person!
Miguel de Unamuno|Love, we say, is life; but love without hope and faith is agonizing death.
R. Lee Smith, Land of the Beautiful Dead|I had but one love and it is gone and now there is nothing and I tell you, that is the most awful feeling in the world.
Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce|I was steeped in denial, but my body knew.
niyigiraimbabazi Zacharia|If you would accept that, you create your sins. Then perhaps, you will accept that Satan has no power over you.
Sarah Rees Brennan, Unspoken|It was bad, but what in high school is not? At the time we're stuck in it, like hostages locked in a Turkish bath, high school seems like the most serious business in the world to just about all of us. It's not until the second or third class reunion that we start realizing how absurd the whole thing was.
George Eliot|In shuttering Yucca Mountain, Obama makes it extremely likely that nuclear power in the United States will continue its long, slow, and extremely welcome death.
Criss Jami, Diotima, Battery, Electric Personality|To ask, 'How do you do it?' is already starting off on the wrong foot. When reaching for the stars, there does not have to be a 'how' if there is a big enough 'why'.
Shannon  Mullen, See What Flowers|We’re lost in each other, in the heart of Toronto, slow dancing to nothing but the beat of my heart and the sound of her breath on my neck. I know the subway trains are trembling beneath my feet and that we’re amidst the constant buzz of city life, yet I hear nothing but my heart beating and feel nothing but her breath on my neck.
Rebecca Brooks, How to Fall|You didn’t care about anything except my tongue tracing the path of your thong. All the way down…" Rafe St. Sebastian
Frances Hodgson Burnett, The Secret Garden|When you've attained to your hidden within your apparent vice versa, know that you have reached Eternal Time, and Divine Presence. The Communion is in the Breath.
Atul Gawande, Complications: A Surgeon's Notes on an Imperfect Science|Wherever the art of Medicine is loved, there is also a love of Humanity. 
Otto Schily|Another cause of change, one less noticeable but fundamental, is the modern growth of population closely connected with scientific and medical discoveries. It is interesting that the United Nations has set up a special Commission to study this question.
Laurie Strongin, Saving Henry: A Mother's Journey|You can be Eastern or Burmese or what have you, but the function of the body and the awareness of the body results in dance and you become a dancer, not just a human being. 
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Every decision is easy once you make it. The important thing is to think carefully, make your decision, and then work to make your choice the right one. That is the secret to a happy life. There are very few wrong decisions in life, but very few people who are willing to make the effort it takes to make their decisions the right ones.
Sarah Waters, Affinity|It is a world that is made of love. Did you think there is only the kind of love your sister has for her husband? Did you think there must be here, a man with whiskers, and over here, a lady in a gown? Haven't I said, there are no whiskers and gowns where spirits are? And what will your sister do if her husband should die, and she should take another? Who will she fly to then, when she has crossed the spheres? For she will fly to someone, we will all fly to someone, we will all return to that piece of shining matter from which our souls were torn with another, two halves of the same.
Beth|If I'm not on a cruise, I'm either thinking about my last one or planning my next!
Mitt Romney|Eventually you won't think of 'the Internet business.' You'll think of it more like news, weather, sports, but even that taxonomy isn't clear.
Jawaharlal Nehru, An Autobiography: Toward Freedom|Past and present religious atrocities have occured not because we are evil, but because it is a fact of nature that the human species is, biologically, only partly rational. Evolution has meant that our prefrontal lobes are too small, our adrenal glands are too big, and our reproductive organs apparently designed by committee; a recipe which, alone or in combination, is very certain to lead to some unhappiness and disorder.
Colleen Hoover, Hopeless|I've lost a lot in my long life. Yes, I've seen pain and I've seen strife. But I'll never give up; I'll never let go. Because I'll always have my ray of hope.
Gaston Leroux, The Phantom of the Opera|I'm sick and tired of having a forest and a torture chamber in my house... I want to have a nice quiet flat with ordinary doors and windows and a wife inside it, like anybody else!
Shaun Roundy, Heal Your Mind: A Practical Approach to Speaking Your Brain's Languages and Turning Pain into Power|If you don't love yourself, no other love can save you.
J.K. Rowling|("we appreciated the intricately thought-out, detailed universe you've created for your story." ~Arthur A. Levine Books (publishers of The Harry Potter series.)) about my book!
Francois de La Rochefoucauld|Spiritual principles do not change, but we do.
Varsha Bajaj, Abby Spencer Goes to Bollywood|My life is a plate of perfectly edible but ordinary scrambled eggs. I want them savory, creamy, cheesy and maybe with bacon on the side.
Shannon L. Alder|Don't say "I'm a worrier and this is just who I am"....or "I've always been a worrier, I can't help it"; instead decide from this day forward to become someone who DOESN'T worry.
Cindi Madsen, Falling for Her Fiance|This was my love, her love --torn, damaged, broken, ripped apart and put back together. This was our tattered love.
Kele Moon, Finding Eden|Your back looks so pretty with my name written on it in those beautiful little welts. If you continue to be a good boy, I'll kiss them all better when I'm done.
Diane Chamberlain, The Lost Daughter|She felt happy these days, yet there was always an undercurrent of sadness just below the surface
Wislawa Szymborska|According to a new survey, 40 percent of adults in Mexico say they would move to the United States if they got a chance. The number would have been higher, but the other 60 percent already live here.
Emily Henry, The Love That Split the World|In my experience, it is entirely possible to watch something happen and not to see it at all.
Jason Versey, A Walk with Prudence|There are things you should never give up on like your convictions and ambitions but most importantly…you should never give up on you. Keep making those sacrifices, keep running that race, keep advancing beyond your struggles to your eventual goal. You will deeply value your triumphs, if they’re not handed to you. Nothing, absolutely nothing, is worth having or attaining without labor and toil. So when you’re in your darkest hour and the road seems endless, no matter what, never ever give up on you…because only you will see you through. ~Jason Versey
Shilpa Shetty|If you have easy self-contentment, you might have a very, very cheap source of happiness.
Periyar E.V. Ramasamy|When the purpose of clearly exposing the differences between the Aryan and the Tamil culture, civilization, conduct and creed Thirukkural was written. I am of that firm view.
Robin Sacredfire|It's as valid to repeat to ourselves what we need to believe, as it is to believe in the things others repeatedly told us but affect us negatively. It sounds crazy, but not as crazy as believing in the things that others said and damage us.
George Carlin|I do this real moron thing, and it's called thinking. And apparently I'm not a very good American because I like to form my own opinions.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|I want to see the world without explaining away its mystery by calling things wicked, righteous, sinful, and good. I want to erase in myself the easy explanations, the always mendacious explanations about why things happen the way they do, and in this way, come to know the mystery of being–-not by any approximation in thought, but by being. I want to be and not be ashamed of being.
James Huneker|And it is no less true, that personal security and private property rest entirely upon the wisdom, the stability, and the integrity of the courts of justice.
Neha Yazmin, Chasing Pavements|When we make choices, we open ourselves up to hard work and failure and heartbreak, so sometimes it feels easier not to know, not to choose, and not to do. But it isn't.
David Baldacci, The Simple Truth|Depending on the situation, sometimes you can know a person better in ten minutes than someone you have crossed paths with all your life.
M.L. LeGette, The Unicorn Girl|Are there any two words in all of the English language more closely twinned than courage and cowardice? I do not think there is a man alive who will not yearn to possess the former and dread to be accused of the latter. One is held to be the apogee of man's character, the other its nadir. An yet, to me the two sit side by side on the circle of life, removed from each other by the merest degree of arc. (MARCH - Chapter 11 - page 168)
Enid Blyton, Five Go Off in a Caravan|A clown needn't be the same out of the ring as he has to be when he's in it. If you look at photographs of clowns when they're just being ordinary men, they've got quite sad faces.
Julie Kagawa, Talon|You keep doing that, and you'll find yourself mated quick enough.""It's no' for me. I'm perfectly content just as I am."Ryder made a face. "Are you insane? why say something like that and temp the cosmos?"Laith watch him walk away, wondering if he had just drawn the interest of fate.
Susan Abulhawa, Mornings in Jenin|You’re beautiful. If you believe it, they’ll believe it.
John Flanagan, The Emperor of Nihon-Ja|Whatever happens, love that.
Lisa Kleypas, Dream Lake|I hoped he'd take his dog and drive down to the ocean. I hoped there was still time. I pictured him sitting on the gray rocks with the waves crashing and spraying white foam. Maybe he'd hear something in the roar of the ocean, feel some limitless power, believe that there's something greater. Something more. Maybe his heaven was at the coast, with a dog's head in his lap, with nothing but water and depth from there to the horizon." -Delaney
Margaret Atwood, Der blinde Mörder|Now this is the Law of the Jungle -- as old and as true as the sky;And the Wolf that shall keep it may prosper, but the Wolf that shall break it must die.As the creeper that girdles the tree-trunk the Law runneth forward and back --For the strength of the Pack is the Wolf, and the strength of the Wolf is the Pack.
indonesia123|It is not reputation, fame, success or religiosity that glorifies God, it's slavery.
Sally Ride|I slept just floating in the middle of the flight deck, the upper deck of the space shuttle.
Colleen Hoover, Maybe Someday|The way you choose to think and speak about yourself (to yourself and others), IS A CHOICE! You may have spent your whole life talking about yourself in a negative way, but that doesn't mean you have to continue that path.
Will Davis Jr., 10 Things Jesus Never Said: And Why You Should Stop Believing Them|God doesn't offer his Word as a magic fix-all pill that we can ingest and feel better. Rather, God's Word is the way in which we are invited to encounter the real 'person' of God.
John Updike|If I made a commitment, I stood by that commitment - and try to make it real. Because when you become leaders, the most important thing you have is your word, your trust. That's where respect comes from.
Robin Wall Kimmerer, Braiding Sweetgrass: Indigenous Wisdom, Scientific Knowledge, and the Teachings of Plants|When a language dies, so much more than words are lost. Language is the dwelling place of ideas that do not exist anywhere else. It is a prism through which to see the world. Tom says that even words as basic as numbers are imbued with layers of meaning. The numbers we use to count plants in the sweetgrass meadow also recall the Creation Story. Én:ska—one. This word invokes the fall of Skywoman from the world above. All alone, én:ska, she fell toward the earth. But she was not alone, for in her womb a second life was growing. Tékeni—there were two. Skywoman gave birth to a daughter, who bore twin sons and so then there were three— áhsen. Every time the Haudenosaunee count to three in their own language, they reaffirm their bond to Creation.
Frank Sinatra|You should feel good about making your home nicer for your family and your friends. You should feel great about cooking a good dinner and making a dress for a granddaughter, creating a beautiful birthday party. It's all part of life.
Anne Lamott, Crooked Little Heart|[S]he believed that the Buddhists were right–that if you want, you will suffer; if you love, you will grieve. (68)
Doris Lessing, A Man and Two Women: Stories|We stood, separated by space, certainly, in identical conditions of pleasant uncertainty and anticipation, and we both held our heart in our hands, all pink and palpitating and ready for pleasure and pain, and we were about to throw these hearts in each other's faces like snowballs, or cricket balls (How's that?) or, more accurately, like great bleeding wounds: "Take my wound". Because the last thing one ever thinks at such moments is that he (or she) will say: Take my wound, please remove the spear from my side. No, not at all; one simply expects to get rid of one's one.
Sara Baume, A Line Made by Walking|It happens so seldom; I must catch and keep this slender yearning, a rare beetle in a jam-jar trap. But mustering will is not the same as wanting. I lie in the garden and think about all the footsteps between my body on the grass and my pencil-case and notebook on the table in the sun room. All the muscles I have to flex and relax to get myself there.
Savo Heleta, Not My Turn to Die: Memoirs of a Broken Childhood in Bosnia|I realize that what happened in Bosnia could happen anywhere in the world, particularly in places that are diverse and have a history of conflict. It only takes bad leadership for a country to go up in flames, for people of different ethnicity, color, or religion to kill each other as if they had nothing in common whatsoever. Having a democratic constitution, laws that secure human rights, police that maintain order, a judicial system, and freedom of speech don't ultimately guarantee long lasting peace. If greedy or bloodthirsty leaders come to power, it can all go down. It happened to us. It can happen to you.
Patrick Hennessey, The Junior Officers' Reading Club: Killing Time And Fighting Wars|She had set it on the Internet, its own peculiar echo chamber.
Akansh Malik, Love Heals Everything|You need not to hide your relationship with someone to stay in touch with other... If you are doing so, you can't be loyal to any.
James Madison|I do not believe in democracy, but I am perfectly willing to admit that it provides the only really amusing form of government ever endured by mankind.
Edward S. Greenberg, The Struggle for Democracy|The governments and their policies have failed, the church is the last hope of the common man, I value a church that is a home for all.
Jack Cady|The mythic voice rising from literature and art allows us to be humane. We are not humane because of political power, or education, or even religion. We are humane because we recognize the humanity of others. The writer and the artist appeal to that humanity. For that reason, literature and art are the bones of civilization.
Forrest J. Ackerman|Sometimes I think Earth has got to be the insane asylum of the universe. . . and I'm here by computer error. At sixty-eight, I hope I've gained some wisdom in the past fourteen lustrums and it’s obligatory to speak plain and true about the conclusions I've come to; now that I have been educated to believe by such mentors as Wells, Stapledon, Heinlein, van Vogt, Clarke, Pohl, (S. Fowler) Wright, Orwell, Taine, Temple, Gernsback, Campbell and other seminal influences in scientifiction, I regret the lack of any female writers but only Radclyffe Hall opened my eyes outside sci-fi.I was a secular humanist before I knew the term. I have not believed in God since childhood's end. I believe a belief in any deity is adolescent, shameful and dangerous. How would you feel, surrounded by billions of human beings taking Santa Claus, the Easter Bunny, the tooth fairy and the stork seriously, and capable of shaming, maiming or murdering in their name? I am embarrassed to live in a world retaining any faith in church, prayer or a celestial creator. I do not believe in Heaven, Hell or a Hereafter; in angels, demons, ghosts, goblins, the Devil, vampires, ghouls, zombies, witches, warlocks, UFOs or other delusions; and in very few mundane individuals--politicians, lawyers, judges, priests, militarists, censors and just plain people. I respect the individual's right to abortion, suicide and euthanasia. I support birth control. I wish to Good that society were rid of smoking, drinking and drugs.My hope for humanity - and I think sensible science fiction has a beneficial influence in this direction - is that one day everyone born will be whole in body and brain, will live a long life free from physical and emotional pain, will participate in a fulfilling way in their contribution to existence, will enjoy true love and friendship, will pity us 20th century barbarians who lived and died in an atrocious, anachronistic atmosphere of arson, rape, robbery, kidnapping, child abuse, insanity, murder, terrorism, war, smog, pollution, starvation and the other negative “norms” of our current civilization. I have devoted my life to amassing over a quarter million pieces of sf and fantasy as a present to posterity and I hope to be remembered as an altruist who would have been an accepted citizen of Utopia.
Jean-Paul Sartre, Nausea|This is the age of the individual and there is no reason to believe that this focus of mankind is likely to change in the foreseeable future. Hence, the mission is to put individualism inside a wide context and to give it meaning and a sense of direction; to empower it – but authentically this time.
Dinah Katt, Once Upon a Time Travel|She looked mean, but I think that was her natural resting face.
R. Lee Smith, Land of the Beautiful Dead|Is that sex talk?" she asked uncertainly."It is.""Why don't you just say sex then? It's always chalice and appetite and artifice with you. I never know what the hell you're saying.
Cole Ryan, Money: I Think We've Missed The Point|She was a woman who lived however she wished without care for another, without putting the needs of those around her before her own selfish opinions. We are breeding a nation of such thinkers and individuals--intent on personal expression at all costs--and that will lead to war. I might be more a successful writer if I did not seek to address human truth, but rather spewed out my own limited opinions without care for reader or critic or any kind of propriety.
Ilona Andrews, One Fell Sweep|I want gifts and Christmas music. I don’t care how many Draziri are out there. They won’t take Christmas from me.”“Yes, but we don’t have a suitable male,” Orro said. “And only one dog.”I looked at him.“What is this Christmas?” Wing asked.Orro turned from the stove. “It’s the rite of passage during which the young males of the human species learn to display aggression and use weapons.”Sean stopped what he was doing and looked at Orro.“The young men go out in small packs,” Orro continued. “They brave the cold and come into conflict with other packs and they have to prove their dominance through physical combat. Their fathers teach them lessons in the proper use of swear words, and the young men have to undergo tests of endurance, like holding soap in their mouths and licking cold metal objects.”Sean made a strangled noise.“At the end of their trials, they go to see a wise elder in a red suit to prove their worth. If they are judged worthy, the family erects a ceremonial tree and presents them with gifts of weapons.”Sean was clearly struggling, because his head was shaking.“Also,” Orro added, “a sacrificial poultry is prepared and then given to the wild animals, probably to appease the nature spirits.”Sean roared with laughter.
Carlito Sofer, Nik Krasno|He is the biggest asshole on the planet,” Jarod says. “And in a planet that’s currently drowning in assholes, that’s saying a lot.
Morrissey|Last night I dreamt that somebody loved me.No hope, no harm; just another false alarm
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|Sharing your passion with others will not only enlighten them to your dedication and commitment, it can enable you to garner their participation, collaboration, cooperation, and endorsement.
Joe Joe Dawson|When God places his Destiny on your life, nobody can take it away.
Sunday Adelaja|When we overemphasise miracles, we think we are preaching but we are emphasizing on the wrong thing.
Jean Ingelow|I'd love to have a room full of taxidermy. I'd be devastated if my cat, Archimedes, ever died. I was debating the other day with a friend whether I should stuff him, but don't know whether he would end up looking like himself. I'd be really sad if he looked strange.
Frans de Waal|Trying to make something as tricky as 'Room' really believable is extremely hard, and it largely rests with that relationship between the actors and the director, and the director and the crew.
Lauryn Hill|Nikki "Brandon's never hurt anyone. He's competely sweet and adorable."I choked a little on the sip of sparkling water I'k just swallowed. If Brandon was sweet and adorable, I was Satan's bride.
Alan Joshua, The SHIVA Syndrome|Art sometimes imitates life. When it does, science fiction presages what form that life may take.
Eileen Anglin|Believe in yourself, because God's angels sure do.
Jill Shalvis, Head Over Heels|I have my moments,” he mused.“They’re few and far between,” Icountered, grinning
Bob Frey, SuperMale's Gone and Left Us|...you listen first with the ears - then, you wait and listen for what your heart feels - then you consider what they've said - then, you reply ...
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Believe and acknowledge that God is the source of your big dreams, but not you!
William Shakespeare, As You Like It|It seems only fair," Matthew continued. "A bit of karma, if you will." He twirled the stake again. "Shall we see how long you scream?""Are you ever going to shut up?" I snapped, fear and irritation filling me in equal measures. "This isn't your monologue, Hamlet. It's the battle scene, in case you've forgotten."His eyes narrowed so fast they nearly sparked. They were the color of honey on fire. One of the others growled like an animal, low in his throat. It made all the hairs on my arms stand straight up.I was going to die for making fun of Shakespeare.My English Lit professor would be so proud.
Lyda Morehouse, Fallen Host|I looked at Victor, my heart swelling from the emotion. “When I die, please do the same ceremony for me,” I whispered, choking up. “This is the most captivating and emotional event I have ever been part of.”“I’m afraid you’ll have to ask somebody else for that because if you die before me I won’t survive it.” He kissed the tip of my nose. I gazed at him with so much love that my heart almost burst out of my chest.
Katie Reus, Beyond the Darkness|I'm just sorry your dragon is so hell bent on mating with someone as fucked up looking as me," he murmured, keeping his voice light even though he wasn't joking at all. God, everything about her was perfect. It was no surprise she was so resistant to mating with him....To his surprise, she snorted and smacked his stomach. "Bran Devlin, you're the sexiest male I've ever met. If you want me to stroke your ego you're out of luck."Then, to his utter fucking surprise, she slid her hand lower and grasped his already hardening cock before looking up at him. Her smile was an erotic mix of uncertainty and wickedness."But I don't mind stroking this.
Terri Windling|Why are so many of us enspelled by myths and folk stories in this modern age? Why do we continue to tell the same old tales, over and over again? I think it's because these stories are not just fantasy. They're about real life. We've all encountered wicked wolves, found fairy godmothers, and faced trial by fire. We've all set off into unknown woods at one point in life or another. We've all had to learn to tell friend from foe and to be kind to crones by the side of the road. . . .
Sara Quin|You don't look very happy."Tally tried to smile. David had shared his biggest secret with her; she should tell him hers. But she wasn't brave enough to say the words. "It's been a long night. That's all."He smiled back. "Don't worry, it won't last forever.
Isaac Newton|All truth passes through three stages. First, it is ridiculed. Second, it is violently opposed. Third, it is accepted as being self-evident.
Germaine Greer, The Female Eunuch|No one could have imagined the effects the Internet would have: …there’s a vast new intimacy and accidental poetry, not to mention the weirdest porn. The entire human experience seems to unveil itself like the surface of a new planet." JG Ballard, 2004
Garth Nix|Blood trickled down his chin as he was hauled up onto his knees, the golden rope securing his arms behind him and his ankles together. Arthur looked up and saw the fizzing sparkling crown coming down. I’m Arthur Penhaligon, he thought desperately... The crown was wedged tightly upon his head- and Arthur fell silently screaming into darkness.
Ann Coulter|For most Americans, our most precious possession is citizenship in this amazing country.
Michael Pena|When I got depressed, I watched Bruce Lee movies. I learned everything from Bruce Lee.
Kyle MacLachlan|Anyone, any type of story, it doesn't have to be a crime victim, you don't have to let yourself be food for the media.
Kiera Cass, The Selection|Try patting them on the back or shoulder and telling them everything is going to be fine. Lots of times when girls cry, they don't want you to fix the problem, they just want to be consoled.
Debasish Mridha|To create happiness all around, be loving to all.
Karen Marie Moning, Shadowfever|Life is too hard, too much to handle. Nobody told me there’d be days like these. How could nobody tell me there’d be days like these? How could they let me grow up like that—happy and pink and stupid?
Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi|Everywhere he went he saw this same phenomenon—parents unmindful of their children, their attention fixed on little glass windows in the palms of their hands, mesmerized like drug addicts, longing for some artificial connection while their own flesh and blood careened wildly through a chaotic and violent world behind their backs. The writer was even worse. He invented false worlds and peopled them with ghosts while his motherless son scanned the horizon for a human connection. It was shameful. What did a man need to lose to be shaken from his immersion in a dream? What terminal force could liberate him from the pursuit of phantoms and engage him in the living world around him?
Carlo Rovelli, Seven Brief Lessons on Physics|Here, on the edge of what we know, in contact with the ocean of the unknown, shines the mystery and beauty of the world. And it’s breathtaking.
Ludwig von Mises, Human Action: A Treatise on Economics|Whether you agree with its policy or not, your dealing with government is not voluntary, but coercive. Government is the very antithesis of ‘free market’.
Doris Kearns Goodwin, The Bully Pulpit: Theodore Roosevelt, William Howard Taft, and the Golden Age of Journalism|�Communication and a clear mutual understanding between two or more people builds the best route to success in any venture. I don’t expect…* immediate action, * instant perfection, * total comprehension* complete implementation, or * flawless execution. I do expect the best communication and honest effort to create the best plans for the best results while being able to stay on the same page as much as possible. If that concept doesn’t work for you, then you won’t be working with me.
Mitch Hedberg|Nothing is more generally known than our duties which belong to Christianity; and yet, how amazing is it, nothing is less practiced?
John Lennon, Beatles Lyrics|Come on you target for faraway laughter. Come on you stranger, you legend, you martyr, and shine!
Pearl Zhu, Change Insight: Change as an Ongoing Capability to Fuel Digital Transformation|Asking big “WHY” question is to dig through the root cause of changes, how to manage it and achieve a more tangible result.
Robin Hawdon|If you don't do anything stupid when you're young, you won't remember something funny when you're old.
Patrick Mendis, Peaceful War: How the Chinese Dream and the American Destiny Create a New Pacific World Order|Monarchy is like a splendid ship, with all sails set it moves majestically on, but then it hits a rock and sinks for ever. Democracy is like a raft. It never sinks but, damn it, your feet are always in the water. That is a good metaphor, for raft, he implies, is simply swept along by the tide or the current; one can with a paddle or a plank steer a little to stay afloat, trim forward direction slightly to left or right, perhaps even slow down or speed up a little, but there is no turning back against the current of democracy.
Luanne Rice|The kitchen is the heart of every home, for the most part. It evokes memories of your family history.
Kate Ellison, Notes from Ghost Town|(…) maybe the heart is an organ on constant ready, always waiting to try again, always open to the next best thing.
James Patterson|Max, you're acting like a child, the Voice said. You're above rebelling against your fate just to rebel. You've got a date with destiny. Don't be late."I brushed some hair out of my eyes. Is that a movie quote? Or is it an actual date? I don't remember destiny asking me. I never even gave destiny my phone number.
Stan Sudan|Why, if you only knew the secrets to which I'm p
Aimee Friedman, Two Summers|And then, one fairy night, May became June.
Abhijit Naskar, Either Civilized or Phobic: A Treatise on Homosexuality|Homosexuality is immutable, irreversible and nonpathological.
Susan C. Young|Do you ever feel like you are running on empty? What is missing from your life? What would it take to plug the holes and stop the energy drains? When you see, feel, or think about lack, scarcity, or emptiness, seek ways to fill the holes, replenish and return to a state of abundance and fulfillment.
Kasi Blake, Vampires Rule|Silence wrapped around us as time itself held its breath, quietly coaxing us to that secret place of sighs and whispers where we might just lose ourselves completely and truly find each other."- William RolfeA Vampire's Dominion
Tanner Colby, Some of My Best Friends Are Black: The Strange Story of Integration in America|The cool, lithe, cynical, and unconquered lord of the housetops.
Korina Mercado|When deciding whether or not to go for your dream, remember that you don't need a bigger net, you just need bigger wings.
Ophelia London, Love Bites|I've noticed you only speak ghetto half of the time." - Stephanie"I'm multi-lingual," Rancher said.I followed him to the door, feeling jealous, wishing I knew a second language.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|But deciding not to have children is a very, very hard decision for a woman to make: the atmosphere is worryingly inconducive to saying, "I choose not to," or "it all sounds a bit vile, tbh." We call these women "selfish" The inference of the word "childless" is negative: one of lack, and loss. We think of nonmothers as rangy lone wolves--rattling around, as dangerous as teenage boys or men. We make women feel that their narrative has ground to a halt in their thirities if they don't "finish things" properly and have children.
Rainer Maria Rilke|The German philosopher Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche, who had syphilis, said that only a person of deep faith could afford the luxury of religious skepticism. Humanists, by and large educated, comfortably middle-class persons with rewarding lives like mine, find rapture enough in secular knowledge and hope. Most people can't.
|Try not to waste your entire life working just to earn a paycheck. Seek to discover what your true passion in life is, and start working on turning it into an empire of your own.
Kamand Kojouri|Make no mistake about it. We are born blind, deaf, and mute. It is neither these eyes that give us sight, nor these ears that give us sound. It is not even these lips that give us voice. It is only love. Love makes us seek beauty and truth. Love yearns to connect. To experience. To understand. So close your eyes at once. Don’t utter a word. Perk up your ears and listen to that silent sound inside you where all this is found.
Natyashastra|You consider me for a moment, perhaps balancing the weight of your fear against the loneliness you will later feel in your room if you do not speak now
John T. Chambers|I wasn't always interested in technology. I had been a student for a long time - I'd earned a bachelor's degree, a law degree, and an MBA - and decided that I wanted to work in a large corporation, focusing on finance and law, in either New York or Chicago.
Ronnie James Dio|I became inspired while I was listening to music on the radio. I felt the music in my head sounded better, so I turned off the radio and scribbled it down on a piece of paper. I remember that it was in May. People liked that song. They said it was beautiful. I felt overjoyed.
Edward Hirsch|Friedrich Rückert wrote 425 poemsAfter his two youngest childrenDied from scarlet feverWithin sixteen days of each otherIn 1833 and 1834 he could not copeAnd often thought they had gone outFor a while "they'll be home soon"He told himself to tell his wife"They're only taking a long walk"Mahler scored five of those poemsIn 1901 and 1904 for a vocalistAnd an orchestra to break your heartAs soon as I heard the plaintive oboe And the descending movement of the hornAnd the lyric baritone enteringI felt I should not be listeningTo Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau singingKindertotenlieder with the Berlin PhilharmonicMahler's wife was superstitiousAnd thought he was chancing disasterWith Songs on the Death of Children"Now the sun wants to rise so brightlyAs if nothing terrible had happened overnightThat tragedy happened to me alone"Mahler knew he could never have written themAfter his four-year-old daughter diedFrom scarlet fever three years laterHe said he felt sorry for himselfThat he needed to write these songsAnd for the world that would listen to them
Kristin Levine, The Lions of Little Rock|When something needs to be said, I'll say it even if the whole world grabs me by the neck and tells me to keep quiet.
Paris Jackson|Being in Loyola College exposed me to other options and gave me confidence, apart from the freedom to bunk classes. I became a merchandiser and then a garment manufacturer, and interacting with foreign buyers and manufacturing foreign brands in India gave me a high.
Earle Brown|I spend a lot of time copying saxophone players and trumpet players. Not to say that it is not important to listen to guitar players, but there's so much music out there and so many possibilities. I like anyone who plays any instrument.
Gary   Hopkins|If you make time for the nonsense, good or bad, it will continue to seek you out.
Max Harms, Crystal Society|The web was such a vital part of my life. It was like an oracle, a book that never ran out of pages, and a window into a million different rooms all at once.
Christian de Portzamparc|I went to art school in Chicago for a year at Columbia College. I had this whole master plan of getting into sustainable development and green architecture and construction, so I wanted to go to business school and then get my masters in construction and development.
Walt Whitman|You know, I've always hated those stories about princes and princesses with some extraordinary ability, special because they're born special.' 'Like me?' He smiled wickedly, making me laugh a l
Welwyn Wilton Katz, The Third Magic|Write for joy. It is the *only* reason to write. Whatever happens to your books afterward, just write for joy. Send your current one out when it's done and forget it, start another, and keep on writing for joy. Words I now live by. Welwyn Wilton Katz
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Cease from envy, prejudice and unhealthy competitiveness. Never abandon your own mission and brand to pursue the seemingly exciting mission or vision of another.
Martin Heidegger|What is the motive for this ‘fugitive’ way of saying “I”? It is motivated by Dasein’s falling; for as falling, it *flees* in the face of itself into the “they.” When the “I” talks in the ‘natural’ manner, this is performed by the they-self. What expresses itself in the ‘I’ is that Self which, proximally and for the most part, I am *not* authentically. When one is absorbed in the everyday multiplicity and the rapid succession [*Sich-jagen] of that with which one is concerned, the Self of the self-forgetful “I am concerned” shows itself as something simple which is constantly selfsame but indefinite and empty. Yet one *is* that with which one concerns oneself. In the ‘natural’ ontical way in which the “I” talks, the phenomenal content of the Dasein which one has in view in the "I" gets overlooked; but this gives *no justification for our joining in this overlooking of it*, or for forcing upon the problematic of the Self an inappropriate ‘categorial’ horizon when we Interpret the “I” ontologically.Of course by thus refusing to follow the everyday way in which the “I” talks, our ontological Interpretation of the ‘I’ has by no means *solved* the problem; but it has indeed *prescribed the direction* for any further inquiries. In the “I,” we have in view that entity which one is in ‘being-in-the-world’.Being-already-in-a-world, however, as Being-alongside-the-ready-to-hand-within-the-world, means equiprimordially that one is ahead of oneself. With the ‘I’, what we have in view is that entity for which the *issue* is the Being of the entity that it is. With the ‘I’, care expresses itself, though proximally and for the most part in the ‘fugitive’ way in which the “I” talks when it concerns itself with something. The they-self keeps on saying “I” most loudly and most frequently because at bottom it *is not authentically* itself, and evades its authentic potentiality-for-Being. If the ontological constitution of the Self is not to be traced back either to an “I”-substance or to a ‘subject’, but if, on the contrary, the everyday fugitive way in which we keep on saying “I” must be understood in terms of our *authentic* potentiality-for-Being, then the proposition that the Self is the basis of care and constantly present-at-hand, is one that still does not follow. Selfhood is to be discerned existentially only in one’s authentic potentiality-for-Being-one’s-Self—that is to say, in the authenticity of Dasein’s Being *as care*. In terms of care the *constancy of the Self*, as the supposed persistence of the *subjectum*, gets clarified. But the phenomenon of this authentic potentiality-for-Being also opens our eyes for the *constancy of the Self*, in the double sense of steadiness and steadfastness, is the *authentic* counter-possibility to the non-Self-constancy which is characteristic of irresolute falling. Existentially, “*Self-constancy*” signifies nothing other than anticipatory resoluteness. The ontological structure of such resoluteness reveals the existentiality of the Self’s Selfhood."―from_Being and Time_. Translated by John Macquarrie & Edward Robinson, pp. 368-369
Haruki Murakami, The Strange Library|The world follows its own course. Each possesses his own thoughts, each treads his own path. So it is with your mother, and so it is with your starling. As it is with everyone. The world follows its own course.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I often think myself to be so ingenious that I don’t even realize that my own plans may actually be my own undoing. Therefore, I might be wise to realize that God’s plans undo what I’ve done that’s undoing me.
Thomm Quackenbush, Find What You Love and Let It Kill You|Shane met him owing to the storybooks she studied to discover what attributes made one princessly—this wasn't technically a word, but she felt there should be equity in adjectives if not in life.
Julia Serano, Whipping Girl: A Transsexual Woman on Sexism and the Scapegoating of Femininity|In trans women's eyes, I see a wisdom that can only come from having to fight for your right to be recognized as female, a raw strength that only comes fro unabashedly asserting your right to be feminine in an inhospitable world.
Seth Shostak|He will therefore have to use what knowledge he can achieve, not to shape the results as the craftsman shapes his handiwork, but rather to cultivate a growth by providing the appropriate environment, in the manner in which the gardener does this for his plants.
Indu Muralidharan, The Reengineers|Conchpore is real. It is as real as Malgudi, Brahmpur, Lilliput or Macondo. And also as real as San Francisco, Madurai, Edinburgh, Gaborone or Tokyo. You know that fictional towns exist. You visit them all the time.
Alexandra Engellmann, Sky Ghosts: All for One|She had every right to be harsh, mean, and independent. Every damn right. And yet he had a feeling that she needed care more than anyone else in the world.
David J. Schwartz|Sometimes, even the very best course of action fails.
Christmas Humphreys, The Buddhist Way Of Life|We find our own way to right action, and tread it as we go. He who tells his neighbour what he, the neighbour, should do in given circumstances is a fool. He does not and he cannot know. 'If I were you' is a silly beginning to any remark. You are not, and you never will be anyone else. Mind your own business; it is, or should be, a full-time task for twenty-four hours a day.
Tilicia Haridat|Who can ever affirm, or deny that the houses which have sheltered us as children, or as adults, and our predecessors too, do not have embedded in their walls, one with the dust and cobwebs, one with the overlay of fresh wallpaper and paint, the imprint of what-has-been, the suffering, the joy?
Heidi Reagan|Despite the restrictions, we are safe within (the Box). But – and here is the problem – once we identify something more, that awareness irrevocably changes our perceptions of the Box.
Steven Pressfield, The Virtues of War: A Novel of Alexander the Great|When deliberating, think in campaigns and not battles; in wars and notcampaigns; in ultimate conquest and not wars.
Michael Grant, Gone|Caine has Drake and Orc, Panda and Chaz, and I hear Mallet has made peace with him. And maybe a half dozen other guys.”“Are you afraid of them?” Astrid asked him.“Yeah, Astrid, I am.”“Okay,” she said. “But you were scared of going into a burning building, too.”“You don’t get this, do you?” Sam demanded with enough heat that Astrid took a step back. “I know what you want, okay? I know what you and a bunch of other people want. You want me to be the anti-Caine. You don’t like the way he’s doing things and you want me to go kick him out. Well, here’s what you don’t know: even if I could do all that, I wouldn’t be any better than him.”“You’re wrong about that, Sam. You’re—”“That night when I first used the power? When I hurt my stepfather? How do you think I felt?”“Sad. Regretful.” Astrid looked at his face like the answer would be written there. “Scared, probably.”“Yeah. All that. And one more thing.” He held up his hand and inches from her nose squeezed his fingers into a tight fist. “I also felt a rush, Astrid. A rush. I thought, oh my God, look at the power I have. Look what I can do. A huge, crazy rush.”“Power corrupts,” Astrid said softly.“Yeah,” Sam said sarcastically. “I’ve heard that.”“Power corrupts, absolute power corrupts absolutely. I forget who said it.”“I make a lot of mistakes, Astrid. I don’t want to make that mistake. I don’t want to be that guy. I don’t want to be Caine. I want to…” He spread his arms wide, a gesture of helplessness. “I just want to go surfing.”“You won’t be corrupted, Sam. You wouldn’t do those things.” He had moved back. She moved to close the distance.“How can you be so sure?”“Well, two reasons. First, it’s not your character. Of course you felt a rush from the power. Then, you pushed it away. You didn’t grab at it, you pushed it away. That’s reason number one. You’re you, you’re not Caine or Drake or Orc.”Sam wanted to agree, wanted to accept that, but he felt he knew better. “Don’t be so sure.”“And reason number two: you have me,
Jennifer Crusie, Charlie All Night|His sentences didn't seem to have any verbs, which was par for a politician. All nouns, no action. 
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Timeless principles never age, and truth is as young as the day it was spoken into existence.
Richard Dawkins, The God Delusion|Looking back, I question whether I really loved Nate, or just the security of our relationship. I wonder if my feelings for him didn’t have a lot to do with hating my job. From the bar exam through that first hellish year as an associate, Nate was my escape. And sometimes that can feel an awful lot like love.
Madchen Amick|And, one thing I definitely enjoyed personally, from a selfish point of view, was exploration and going to places that I had never been to before and learning, you know, meeting the people and getting to know, new sights and sounds, etc.
Richard Dahlstrom, The Colors of Hope: Becoming People of Mercy, Justice, and Love|If the spirit of their intercourse were still the same after their coming together as it had been when they were living apart,' Aristotle writes, their association can't really be considered a polis, or political community.'A polis is not an association for residence on a common site, or for the sake of preventing mutual injustice and easing exchange.' While these conditions are necessary to a polis, they are not sufficient. 'The end and purpose of a polis is the good life, and the institutions of social life are means to that end.
Ari Berk & Carolyn Dunn, Coyote Speaks: Wonders of the Native American World|Can these signs and symbols still speak? Images, memories, stories, and objects all carry the past into the present. As we think about these messages from the past, we might wonder, too, about what kind of signs we are leaving for the future. How will our children's children know of us? What markers of our passing do we leave upon the land? Some of these signs, because of the material they're made from, or the care taken in making them, may last longer than others and have different stories to tell.
Colin Quinn|My mother was a washerwoman - or a woman that cleaned houses in Texas... in Plano, Texas - who always loved poetry and always loved stories.
Patricia Lockwood, Priestdaddy: A Memoir|Until you truly learn how to act well, you shall always act only for your actions to teach you how to act well
Tennessee Williams|I care. I care a lot. I think of "Cosmopolitan" all day  and I run scared. So it's a combination of fright  caring  and anxiety.
Sunday Adelaja|God sees the workplace of some people as a mission field, where they are to fulfill their calling
Anthony Liccione|The flesh covers the bones, and makes the spirit naked.
Giorge Leedy, Uninhibited From Lust To Love|Shifting my weight and readjusting my stance, I'm eventually able to do like he wants, floating up and down in the palms of his hands."That's it-" he said.I ask if this is how he and Frieda do it. Laughing, he nods his head no."Why NOT?""Because-- unlike YOU- she's not very FOND of getting corn-holed.
Laarni Venus Marie Giango|A woman can only stay in love with a man for as long as she continues loving herself when she's with him. As soon as she starts to hate who she has become while in the relationship, she will move heaven and earth to end it. Does she get hurt? Definitely. It doesn't mean that she wants to leave her love for him has faded or diminished. However, just like the most basic rule of human existence, you cannot continue giving what you do not have.
Paul David Tripp, Instruments in the Redeemer's Hands: People in Need of Change Helping People in Need of Change|Real comfort is found when I understand that I am held in the hollow of the hand of the One who created and rules all things. The most valuable thing in my life is God's love, a love that no one can take away. When my identity is rooted in him, the storms of trouble will not blow me away. This is the comfort we offer people. We don't comfort them by saying things will work out. They may not. The people around them may change, but they may not. The Bible tells us again and again that everything around us is in the process of being taken away. God and his love are all that remain as cultures and kingdoms rise and fall. Comfort is found by sinking our roots into the unseen reality of God's ever-faithful love.
Victoria Lamb|When the power falls on me, it buzzes in the warm, dark spaces of my skull. It stings like nettles at the tips of my fingers. The power is a fever I have felt since early childhood, a heat in the blood that leaves me flushed and unsteady, dreaming in daylight.
Alan Moore, Promethea, Vol. 5|Fate is a funny character. She puts obstacles in your path to see what character ye have. Life isn't fair,life is a test.
Roland Barthes, Image-Music-Text|For the soul-wounded woman. Your healed voice is my favorite sound. Your hurts, they walk right into our hearts; but your story of healing --- that can change lives. Never be afraid to find and use your voice.
Thich Nhat Hanh, Peace Is Every Step: The Path of Mindfulness in Everyday Life|By identifying impermanence as a fundamental characteristic of existence itself, rather than a problem to be solved, the Buddhists are encouraging us to let go our hold on illusory solidity and learn to swim freely in the sea of change.
Lindsey Allyson, Time Travel|I know, I know. You're a badass. The best of the best. But everyone has a weakness. Even you.
Linda Howard, Blood Born|Luca had many strengths and powers; as a rare blood born, conceived and born to a vampire mother and father, he was much stronger than those who'd been turned to the life.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The Bible is God’s book of promises, and, unlike the books of men, it does not change or get out of date.
Roger Housden, Ten Poems to Open Your Heart|In the ancient Indian Pali language, the words for mind and heart are the same. And the Chinese character for mindfulness is a combination of two characters. One part means now and the other means mind or heart. So, when you hear the word mindfulness you can also consider it to mean heartfulness.
Oliver Markus, Why Men And Women Can't Be Friends|It's probably not easy for a woman to understand what it's like to be a man. Imagine you're starving, and someone puts a huge buffet in front of you. There's delicious, mouth-watering food all around you, and it's really really hard not to eat it all. That's what it's like to be a man around attractive women. The urge to want to hump everything that moves is part of a man's natural programming. It's a deep-seated hunger. To suppress that hunger takes civilization and a lot of willpower.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Man has naturally and universally a capacity for religion—and not only a capacity, for the vast majority of the human race practices or professes some form of religion.
Rob Brydon|Instead of getting married again, I'm going to find a woman I don't like and give her a house.
Dikembe Mutombo|God can cause opportunity to find you. He has unexpected blessings where you suddenly meet the right person, or suddenly your health improves, or suddenly you're able to pay off your house. That's God shifting things in your favor.
Siberian Hellhole by Michael Mulvihill|But if home suddenly becomes not like home, what then?
Karsten Knight, Wildefire|What if our badness and mistakes are the very thing that set our fate and bring us round to good? What if, for some of us, we can't get there any other way?
Jamaica Kincaid, A Small Place|And what is that religion that sanctions, even by its silence, all that is embraced in the 'Peculiar Institution'? If there can be any thing more diametrically opposed to the religion of Jesus, than the working of this soul-killing system - which is as truly sanctioned by the religion of America as are her minsters and churches - we wish to be shown where it can be found.
Richard Feynman|I think nature's imagination Is so much greater than man's, she's never going to let us relax
David Mitchell, The Thousand Autumns of Jacob de Zoet|The truth of a myth, your Honor, is not its words but its patterns.
Miranda Shisler, Where We Belong|He stopped, gazing at the girl who stood before it. The man guessed the child to be ten years old. She had dark brown hair to her neck with ends that showed curls, ivory skin and large eyes of sapphire blue. Thin and barefooted, with soot on her face she wore an old, tattered white dress. As the child turned to look at him, the man thought she must be an orphan beggar and he was unable to tear his face away from her eyes. Those bright blue eyes filled with an incomprehensible sadness. What pain did she carry?
Bill Maher|To most Christians, the Bible is like a software license. Nobody actually reads it. They just scroll to the bottom and click 'I agree'.
Jennifer McKeithen, Atlantis On the Shores of Forever|She ran. Deeper, deeper into the mysterious Broceliande forest...
Michael Erard, Babel No More: The Search for the World's Most Extraordinary Language Learners|A related notion is that when you really know a language, you think in it. In fact, the brain doesn't think in any language. What people refer to as "thinking in a language" comes from being able to speak more immediately in a language without rehearsing it or translating it from a language one might know better; the spoken thought feels as if it's closer to its source in the brain.
Charles Hodge|You have to be funny about it and honest about it. You can't leave yourself out of that mix. You have to be honest enough to say, I'm that messed-up one in the family.
David W. Jones, For the Love of Sophia: Wisdom Stories from Around the World and Across the Ages|Most of the church landscape in my lifetime has been heavily invested in trying to do something for Jerry or Sherri or some other icon of unchurchness. The problem is that they have been only about themselves from the moment they could wail for their mothers, and the decision to give them at church what they can find in any self-help book appears now as a choice to abandon the One in whose honor the church gathers. What they need is to be set free from themselves with finality and to be lost in the awesome wonder of the manifest presence of God. It was never God’s desire that He would sit on the sideline and watch us frantically devise impressive ways to reach people or simply hold the line on orthodoxy as though faithfulness can exist in a vacuum apart from fruitfulness. God is the Matter of first importance! Can you say that about your current weekly encounter with church?
Scott Simon, Baby, We Were Meant for Each Other: In Praise of Adoption|She brought a chair into the room and placed it alongside the top of his bed. Then she held his hand as he drifted off to sleep. It was so small in her own hand, and it felt warm and dry. She pressed his hand gently, and his fingers returned the pressure, but only just, as he was almost asleep by then. She remembered, but not very well, what it was to fall asleep holding the hand of another; how precious such an experience, how fortunate those to whom it was vouchsafed by the gods of Friendship, or of Love. She thought she had forgotten that, but now she remembered.
Thea Harrison, Pia Saves the Day|You are mine. You are always going to be mine. It doesn't matter what came before, the only thing that matters is what is now and going forward. There will never be anyone else for you. Only me. Me.
Francis Beaumont|Faith keeps many doubts in her pay. If I could not doubt, I should not believe.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making|That’s what happens to friends, eventually. They leave you. It’s practically what they’re for.
Emmanuel Macron|Enter politics, and you enter the glass house; there are no secrets and no places to hide.
Jeffrey R. Anderson, The Nature of Things - Navigating Everyday Life with Grace|We are all trophies of God’s grace, some more dramatically than others; Jesus came for the sick and not the well, for the sinner and not the righteous. He came to redeem and transform, to make all things new. May you go forth more committed than ever to nourish the souls who you touch, those tender lives who have sustained the enormous assaults of the universe. (pp.88)
Ron Padget|The bottom line was that he didn't want to die. As far as he was concerned, death was the problem. The basic human problem. Everyone's problem. He wasn't any different from anyone else, but there was no consolation in that.
Jane Austen, Emma|Latter-day scepticism is fond of calling itself progressive; but scepticism is really reactionary. Scepticism goes back; it attempts to unsettle what has already been settled. Instead of trying to break up new fields with its plough, it simply tries to break up the plough.
G.I. Gurdjieff|I will tell you one thing that will make you rich for life. There are two struggles: an Inner-world struggle and an Outer-world struggle...you must make an intentional contact between these two worlds; then you can crystallize data for the Third World, the World of the Soul.
Michael Pollan, The Botany of Desire: A Plant's-Eye View of the World|TP53 seems to encode the greater good, like a suicide pill in the mouth of a soldier that dissolves only when it detects evidence that he is about to mutiny.
Katie MacAlister, Hard Day's Knight|Yes, he is a man, so genetically he's engineered to be dense about many things, but he's not stupid. 
Émile Zola, Nana|Millions of couples out there practiced the art of sadomasochism every day, without even realizing it. They went to work, came back, complained about everything, insulted their wife or were insulted by her, felt wretched, but were, nonetheless, tightly bound to their own unhappiness, not realizing that all it would take was a single gesture, a final goodbye, to free them from that oppression.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|Active listening is key to all healthy and effective communication, however, it doesn't necessarily come easily.
John O'Callaghan|Life is more fragile and precious than I can comprehend, but believe me, I'm trying.
Ben Carson|I'm someone who's done the opposite of whatever the received wisdom is, to keep your career going into your 50s.
Becky Lynch|When I go and work with people, I never say, 'Your dog is changed for the rest of its life.' It's like a diet. You've got to maintain a discipline and ritual in your life to keep a certain figure.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|It is a pity that we cannot persuade all ministers to be men, for it is hard to see how other was they can be truly men of God.
Benjamin M. Strozykowski, Psychic Skin Volume 2|Natalie was buried in the family plot, next to a gravestone that already bore her parents' names. I know the wisdom, that no parents should see their child die, that such an event is like nature spun backward. But it's the only way to truly keep your child. Kid grow up, they forge more potent allegiances. They find a spouse or a lover. They will not be buried with you. The Keenes, however, will remain the purest form of family. Underground.
Kajol|I think people are sick of trends changing every six months - not because we're tired of them, but just for the sake of change. There is so much junk in the world: junk TV, junk movies, all those junk magazines with the same people on the cover.
Sharon E. Rainey|Through each crisis in my life, with acceptance and hope, in a single defining moment, I finally gained the courage to do things differently.
Darnell Lamont Walker|Some days I feel like I will die for them. Some days, with them.
Marie Force, Everyone Loves a Hero|We make a pretty good team, huh?""The best. In fact, I was planning to do this when we got back to the Fairmont, but suddenly I don't want to wait.""For what?"Reaching into the pocket of his black pinstripe suit coat, he retrieved a huge square-cut diamond ring and slid it onto her left hand. "What do you say we make this partnership official?"Tears flooded her eyes. "Do you promise to love me forever?"His blue eyes went dark with desire and love as he nodded. "Forever and ever.""Pinky swear?"He smiled and wrapped his little finger around hers. "Pinky swear"She leaned in to kiss him. "Then you've got yourself a deal.
Henry B. Eyring|I'm just the messenger here. I'm just another representative of my faith, so to speak.
Nicholas Sparks, The Best of Me|You're still alive. And that means you'll love and be loved...and in the end, nothing else really matters.
Lisa Bedrick|People generally have three reactions to the gospel, to hearing the name of Jesus; they either are drawn to it like fireflies drawn to a flame, they run away from it for fear that the light will expose their own sin and shame, or they try to put out the light like someone throwing something at a lamp to break it. 
Katherine Mansfield|A big bee, a golden furry fellow, crept into a freesia, and the delicate flower leaned over, swung, shook; and when the bee flew away it fluttered still as though it were laughing. Happy, careless flower!
Christina Engela, Loderunner|We are disposable tonight. We are regrettable tonight. We can’t touch one another without the world imploding, tonight.
Leigh Goff, Disenchanted|He kissed me tenderly as my heart thumped out of control. My fingers slipped into his thick, black hair and held tightly. He paused, not wanting to pull away. I didn’t let him. I was going to say goodbye properly. I held tightly, pressing my lips to his, soft at first then hard with desire.
Catherynne M. Valente|...while epic fantasy is based on the fairy tale of the just war, that’s not one you’ll find in Grimm or Disney, and most will never recognize the shape of it. I think the fantasy genre pitches its tent in the medieval campground for the very reason that we even bother to write stories about things that never happened in the first place: because it says something subtle and true about our own world, something it is difficult to say straight out, with a straight face. Something you need tools to say, you need cheat codes for the human brain--a candy princess or a sugar-coated unicorn to wash down the sour taste of how bad things can really get.See, I think our culture has a slash running through the middle of it, too. Past/Future, Conservative/Liberal, Online/Offline. Virgin/Whore. And yes: Classical/Medieval. I think we’re torn between the Classical Narrative of Self and the Medieval Narrative of Self, between the choice of Achilles and Keep Calm and Carry On.The Classical internal monologue goes like this: do anything, anything, only don’t be forgotten. Yes, this one sacrificed his daughter on a slab at Aulis, that one married his mother and tore out his eyes, and oh that guy ate his kids in a pie. But you remember their names, don’t you? So it’s all good in the end. Give a Greek soul a choice between a short life full of glory and a name echoing down the halls of time and a long, gentle life full of children and a quiet sort of virtue, and he’ll always go down in flames. That’s what the Iliad is all about, and the Odyssey too. When you get to Hades, you gotta have a story to tell, because the rest of eternity is just forgetting and hoping some mortal shows up on a quest and lets you drink blood from a bowl so you can remember who you were for one hour.And every bit of cultural narrative in America says that we are all Odysseus, we are all Agamemnon, all Atreus, all Achilles. That we as a nation made that choice and chose glory and personal valor, and woe betide any inconvenient “other people” who get in our way. We tell the tales around the campfire of men who came from nothing to run dotcom empires, of a million dollars made overnight, of an actress marrying a prince from Monaco, of athletes and stars and artists and cowboys and gangsters and bootleggers and talk show hosts who hitched up their bootstraps and bent the world to their will. Whose names you all know. And we say: that can be each and every one of us and if it isn’t, it’s your fault. You didn’t have the excellence for it. You didn’t work hard enough. The story wasn’t about you, and the only good stories are the kind that have big, unignorable, undeniable heroes.
Maya Angelou|Every Fourth of July, our Declaration of Independence is produced, with a sublime indignation, to set forth the tyranny of the mother country and to challenge the admiration of the world. But what a pitiful detail of grievances does this document present in comparison with the wrongs which our slaves endure!
Gustave Flaubert|Sometimes I don’t understand why my arms don’t drop from my body with fatigue, why my brain doesn’t melt away. I am leading an austere life, stripped of all external pleasure, and am sustained only by a kind of permanent frenzy, which sometimes makes me weep tears of impotence but never abates. I love my work with a love that is frantic and perverted, as an ascetic loves the hair shirt that scratches his belly. Sometimes, when I am empty, when words don’t come, when I find I haven’t written a single sentence after scribbling whole pages, I collapse on my couch and lie there dazed, bogged down in a swamp of despair, hating myself and blaming myself for this demented pride that makes me pant after a chimera. A quarter of an hour later, everything has changed; my heart is pounding with joy.
Lyman Beecher|If we have been pleased with life, we should not be displeased with death, since it comes from the hand of the same master.
Richard Diaz|For every question, there is an answer. Where everybody fails is by asking the wrong question.
Haruki Murakami, After the Quake|This life is nothing but a short, painful dream.
Roxanne Snopek, Finding Home|She shivered under his touch, desire dampening her panties and making her clench her thighs together in an attempt to find some relief. His devilish hands relaxed their grip on her hips and slid around to cup her ass, pulling her close. Thick, hard evidence of his desire pressed against her belly. God, she wanted this man, and not just to silent the stressful thoughts always swirling in her head. She wanted him, not just the divine moment of oblivion that blocked out everything else.The realization scared her and brought some unwanted reality into the room. "We shouldn't be doing this.""Why?" He made quick work of the buttons on her petal-pink cashmere sweater and parted her cardigan. Sean gave a soft growl as he stared at her silver satin pushup bra that presented her boobs like an all-you-can-lick buffet. "Because I'm your employee?"He licked his lips and slid his thumb across the satin covering her hard nipple."Yes," she said, sighing. An answer to his question or a response to even the lightest of touches? Both."Easy fix." He snapped the front closure of her bra and her tits tumbled out. "I quit."Bending forward, he lifted one heavy globe and took the hard nub into his hot mouth. Fire sizzled through her veins and it felt so good she couldn't wait to burn."You can't quit." She reached down for the top button of his jeans and flicked it open. "We need you. I need you."He released her nipple and she groaned in frustration. Then he found the hem of her skirt and inched it higher and the soft groan that floated out of her mouth was for a whole other reason."Hire me back in about an hour or, better yet, a few days."The cool air caressed her upper thighs as he raised her skirt, but it wasn't enough to relieve the molten heat engulfing her. "I like how you think.
Nick Harkaway|Whether by design or circumstance, every startup will eventually get disrupted.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Three great lessons for my children; love God, love yourself and love your neighbour as yourself.
Tara Brach|My prayer became 'May I find peace... May I love this life no matter what.' I was seeking an inner refuge, an experience of presence and wholeness that could carry me through whatever losses might come.
Cate Blanchett|I'm incredibly fortunate to have met the intelligent, generous, risk-taking, stimulating man to whom I am married. He's really amazing.
Debasish Mridha|Before hurting anyone, especially those who cannot protect themselves, feel their pain with your heart. Take care of them as your little child.
Karen Chance|He wasn't that good looking, he had the social skills of a wet cat and the patience of a caffeinated hummingbird
Cate Blanchett|As medical research continues and technology enables new breakthroughs, there will be a day when malaria and most all major deadly diseases are eradicated on Earth.
Charlotte Rogan, The Lifeboat|...Mr. Hardie had little patience with that sort of conversation."Ye're born, ye suffer, and ye die. What made ye think ye deserved different?" he wondered aloud when the deacon's gentle answers failed to quiet them.
Toni Sorenson|Our lives reflect our inner image. If we think we’re worth it, that worth will manifest in our lives. If we think we’re not worthy, we’ll live in lack. Believe your worth it and you will become worth it.
Corinne Demas, Returning to Shore|Secrets,” Kohler finally said, “are a luxury we can no longer afford.
Azar Nafisi, Reading Lolita in Tehran|...these sleepless nights, when oddly enough my concentration was high, fueled perhaps by the effort to ignore the all-engrossing threat of bombs and rockets.
Luis J. Rodríguez|When I lived on the Bluff in Yokohama I spend a good deal of my leisure in the company of foreign residents, at their banquets and balls. At close range I was not particularly struck by their whiteness, but from a distance I could distinguish them quite clearly from the Japanese. Among the Japanese were ladies who were dressed in gowns no less splendid than the foreigners’, and whose skin was whiter than theirs. Yet from across the room these ladies, even one alone, would stand out unmistakably from amongst a group of foreigners. For the Japanese complexion, no matter how white, is tinged by a slight cloudiness. These women were in no way reticent about powdering themselves. Every bit of exposed flesh—even their backs and arms—they covered with a thick coat of white. Still they could not efface the darkness that lay below their skin. It was as plainly visible as dirt at the bottom of a pool of pure water. Between the fingers, around the nostrils, on the nape of the neck, along the spine—about these places especially, dark, almost dirty, shadows gathered. But the skin of the Westerners, even those of a darker complexion, had a limpid glow. Nowhere were they tainted by this gray shadow. From the tops of their heads to the tips of their fingers the whiteness was pure and unadulterated. Thus it is that when one of us goes among a group of Westerners it is like a grimy stain on a sheet of white paper. The sight offends even our own eyes and leaves none too pleasant a feeling.
Jada Berglund|I burn, I shiver, out of this sun, into this shadow.
Lilit Marcus|Our culture is getting better and better at encouraging women to speak, but it’s not doing enough to listen to what they say when they do.
Joe Biden|I'd been making music that was intended to be like painting, in the sense that it's environmental, without the customary narrative and episodic quality that music normally has. I called this 'ambient music.' But at the same time I was trying to make visual art become more like music, in that it changed the way that music changes.
Hozier|As soon as I get on the plane, I go straight to the bathroom and give myself a little minifacial. MV Organic Skincare does a rose oil spray that is absolutely gorgeous and amazing.
Neeky Albert|You kept quit... When these victims wanted your help to survive, you kept quit.
Anthony Liccione|No tear, is a wasted tear, if it spills out for love, whether in good times or bad.
Georgi Y. Johnson, I Am Here: Opening the Windows of Life and Beauty|Through our consciousness, we can enter the stillness of silence and become blessed with the universal presence of peace.
J.R. Ward, Lover Awakened|There was no reply. So Z glanced over again - just as a tear slide down Phury's cheek."Ah...fuck," Z muttered."Yeah. Pretty much." Another tear rolled out of Phury's eye. "God...damn. I'm leaking.""Okay, brace yourself."Phury scrubbed his face with his palms. "Why?""Because... I think I'm going to try to hug you.
Avina Celeste|Inside of you, there is the power to change your world. Believe in good and you will find good.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Life is a voyage across troubled waters where our days are often spent clinging to the top of the highest mast, scouting for a comforting glimpse of shore.
K.C. King, Anomaly|The Future is as avoidable as the past is alterable, for the latter is, after all, a consequence of the former: A combination of choice and fate.
Peter Kreeft, Prayer for Beginners|High and holy ambition--to be a saint--is not opposed to holy humility--total reliance on God's grace. Exactly the opposite. Ambition without humility is ambition that fails. It is pride, which goes before a fall (Prov 16:18). Humility without ambition is false humility.
Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching|The truth is not always beautiful, nor beautiful words the truth.
Daniel Bernoulli|There is a universal, intelligent, life force that exists within everyone and everything. It resides within each one of us as a deep wisdom, an inner knowing. We can access this wonderful source of knowledge and wisdom through our intuition, an inner sense that tells us what feels right and true for us at any given moment.
Joe DeRouen, Threads|She stared at the phone, feeling guilty. She finally slid across the overstuffed Pleather couch and away from watching old episodes of The Twilight Zone. She was free tonight, apparently, so she might as well pay Ben a visit. She picked up the phone and dialed his cell.
Dennis Prager|Unlike painting, sculpture, or music, typefaces must be useful to someone. Fortunately for designers, the digital age has produced new problems to solve - developing typefaces that work on mobile phones, for one - and enabled better solutions to old problems.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Where there is life, hope prevails.
Howard Schultz, Onward: How Starbucks Fought for Its Life without Losing Its Soul|Work should be personal. For all of us. Not just for the artist and entrepreneur. Work should have meaning for the accountant, the construction worker, the technologist, the manager and the clerk.
Rupali Desai|They both seemed to understand that describing it was beyond their powers, the gratitude that spreads through your body when a burden gets lifted, and the sense of homecoming that follows, when you suddenly remember what it feels like to be yourself.
Neal Stephenson, Quicksilver|The mysterious Enoch Root meets 8-year-old Benjamin Franklin, Boston, 1713: "Do I look like a schoolmaster to you?" "No, but you talk like one." "You know something of schoolmasters, do you?""Yes, sir," the boy says, faltering a bit as he sees the jaws of the trap swinging toward his leg. "Yet here it is the middle of Monday—" "The place was empty 'cause of the Hanging. I didn't want to stay and—" "And what?" "Get more ahead of the others than I was already." "If you are ahead, the correct thing is to get used to it—not to make yourself into an imbecile. Come, you belong in school.
Andy Rooney, MY WAR|One question in my mind, which I hardly dare mention in public, is whether patriotism has, overall, been a force for good or evil in the world. Patriotism is rampant in war and there are some good things about it. Just as self-respect and pride bring out the best in an individual, pride in family, pride in teammates, pride in hometown bring out the best in groups of people. War brings out the kind of pride in country that encourages its citizens in the direction of excellence and it encourages them to be ready to die for it. At no time do people work so well together to achieve the same goal as they do in wartime. Maybe that's enough to make patriotism eligible to be considered a virtue. If only I could get out of my mind the most patriotic people who ever lived, the Nazi Germans.
Tim Reed, The Eight Islands: Summons of the Majestic|The villagers had removed their masks. They displayed their true faces. And they were dreadful, diabolic visages. Blasted skin hung from shrunken mouths and red veins burst from their skin, leaving pronounced contours akin to miniature rivers. Each throbbed and pulsed, at home on scabby foreheads.I balked. The eyes drew all attention.Silver coins replaced eyeballs. They glinted with the same alluring lustre as the ones I had coveted in the chests. Instantly, dreadfully, I knew they were one and the same – accursed treasure used for nefarious sight, a symbol of the damned. And yet, the more I stared, the more I coveted them.
Kate White, I Shouldn't Be Telling You This: Success Secrets Every Gutsy Girl Should Know|Smile, look invested, and when you hand in certain projects, say you enjoyed working on them.
Daniel Tammet|The future is too interesting and dangerous to be entrusted to any predictable, reliable agency. We need all the fallibility we can get. Most of all, we need to preserve the absolute unpredictability and total improbability of our connected minds. That way we can keep open all the options, as we have in the past.
Marcus Chown, We Need to Talk About Kelvin: What everyday things tell us about the universe|Wolfgang Pauli, in the months before Heisenberg's paper on matrix mechanics pointed the way to a new quantum theory, wrote to a friend, "At the moment physics is again terribly confused. In any case, it is too difficult for me, and I wish I had been a movie comedian or something of the sort and had never heard of physics." That testimony is particularly impressive if contrasted with Pauli's words less than five months later: "Heisenberg's type of mechanics has again given me hope and joy in life. To be sure it does not supply the solution to the riddle, but I believe it is again possible to march forward.
Gary Taubes|When you find yourself pushing through and using caffeine or sugar to keep going, this is the time to listen to your innate ultradian rhythm and take a rest.
Manoj Arora, From the Rat Race to Financial Freedom|I don't believe in guilty pleasures. If you enjoy something, you just enjoy it. No sense feeling guilty about it.
Seema Brain Openers|You may reach the tree top,and seem to touch the sky , but know that the tree your resting on, is grounded and rooted in the soil ,deep in the earth.
P.G. Wodehouse|What is meant here by saying that existence precedes essence? It means first of all, man exists, turns up, appears on the scene, and, only afterwards, defines himself. If man, as the existentialist conceives him, is indefinable, it is because at first he is nothing. Only afterward will he be something, and he himself will have made what he will be.
Mark Wahlberg|Grief is exhausting. When you learn - maybe through my age or experience - trying to harness the energy, whatever it is, muted energy or a concentration to find yourself in a place? You try to use it for when it's really necessary and can arrive.
Kurt Cobain, Journals|I decided that in order to become a big famous rock star, I would need to write my very own songs instead of wasting my time learning other peoples music too much. It may act as an obstruction in developing your very own personal style.
Justin Richards, Doctor Who: The Resurrection Casket|Sylvi wished she could gouge out the look in Dorogin's stony eyes, and change the course of history. She wished Fthoom had been eaten by a sea monster.
Meena Alexander, The Shock of Arrival: Reflections on Postcolonial Experience|The act of writing, it seems to me, makes up a shelter, allows space to what would otherwise be hidden, crossed out, mutilated. Sometimes writing can work toward a reparation, making a sheltering space for the mind. Yet it feeds off ruptures, tears in what might otherwise seem a seamless, oppressive fabric.
Peter Thiel, Zero to One: Notes on Startups, or How to Build the Future|No company has a culture, every company is a culture
Connor Franta|It's not how you start the season, it's how you finish. If you wind up helping the team make the playoffs, that's what you play for. You don't play to put up your numbers, but to try to get a chance to make it to the World Series.
Alan Moore|Some nights, a romantic dinner can be killed by having to do dishes afterward, so it probably suits you better to go out for dinner. But I love cooking and always have.
C. JoyBell C.|It's easy to make me laugh, you can make me laugh, anyone can make me laugh, but that certainly does not mean you can make me do anything.
Adam Fitzgerald, The Late Parade: Poems|The story of what it means to be human is never complete. Every generation will produce its own share of comedies and tragedies, fools and geniuses. What the Greeks started the rest of the world will continue to build upon. The old stories will continue to explicate where we came from, while the new stories will illuminate in what direction humankind trends. The collection of future stories of humanity will add to the cumulative library of stories that past writers told, an anthology of collaborative stories will shed light upon the singleness of the human spirit in its aspirations, powers, vicissitudes, and wisdom.
N'Zuri Za Austin|Once upon a time, is how stories begin...
Shahnaz Bashir, The Half Mother|In this strife-torn valley, I have always been tormented by feelings of indefinite and eternal uncertainty. "The Half Mother" is an outcome of those feelings.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Men marry because they are tired; women, because they are curious: both are disappointed.
KulsumAbdullah|One stone is enough to break a glass, One sentence is enough to break a heart,One smile is enough to fall in love,& one God is enough to live a fulfilling life..
Ayana Prende, The Anatomy of Desire|Rules are made to be broken." - Jared
Christopher Seufert|Even the most beautifully written, perfectly edited and well-designed books will fail if people aren't made aware of them!" ––Linda Radke, President of Five Star Publications, on the importance of public relations and marketing.
Beta Metani' Marashi|Then he asked me which one I thought was most likely to happen. I wish I knew. I really do. But I don’t. You’d think that after living with these people for fifteen years I’d know a little something about them. But right now I feel like I don’t know my parents at all. I guesswhen you get down to it, I’ve never really thought about them as people. They’ve always been my parents. Now I have to think about them as people with feelings. What a pain.The funny thing is, I bet they feel the same way.
Jeanette Winterson, The Daylight Gate|I’m jealous – not of their money to spend, but jealous that, for them, going home is a simple matter of turning down the correct lane.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|I am commanding you, as an older and wiser brother, to get over here, get on this caterpillar, and ride to the top of this mushroom with me.
Stephen Richards|Remember: the universe neither judges, nor interprets, nor second guesses your will. If it did, there would be no poverty, no hunger, no suffering.
Alice Munro, Lives of Girls and Women|Grouses that go unheard only grow louder, till they reach a level of frustration where they become silent but permanent disappointments.
Mehmet Murat ildan|You may lose your path, but you must never lose your hope, because hope is the path to all the paths!
Rosalyn Carter|The important part of growing older was the growing part. Resisting change meant forever standing still, which was a sad way to live.
James Madison|government is legitimate not so much because it represents the 'general will', but because its policies are, ideally and counterfactually, the result of the public deliberation of all who are concerned by the decision
Domonique Bertolucci, The Happiness Code: Ten Keys to Being the Best You Can Be|If someone tries to undermineyour commitment, re-evaluateyour commitment to them.
Alexander McCall Smith, Portuguese Irregular Verbs|To knot a sentence up properly, it has to be thought out carefully, and revised. New phrases have to be put in; sudden changes of subject must be introducted; verbs must be shifted to unsuspected localities; short words must be excised with ruthless hand; archaisms must be sprinkled like sugar-plums upon the concoction; the fatal human tendency to say things straightforwardly must be detected and defeated by adroit reversals; and, if a glimmer of meaning yet remain under close scrutiny, it must be removed by replacing all the principal verbs by paraphrases in some dead language.
Steve Maraboli|He gave up. He'd been feeling like giving up for a long, long time. I guess it's maturity, they say it always gets you in the end. I don't seem to have any more principles left, so it's got to be maturity... A broken man, I guess that's what you become, the moment you are no longer a kid.
Toni Aleo, Overtime|Letting her head hang, all she could do was think what a freaking mess she had gotten herself into.And not even Ben & Jerry's could get her out of this.
Coreen T. Sol, Practically Investing: Smart Investment Techniques Your Neighbour Doesn't Know|When You Try To Control Everything, Remember, It's Just A Matter of Time You'll End Up Losing Everything....
Matshona Dhliwayo|Be like water; soft as it is, it breaks through rocks and impenetrable surfaces.
Joakim Zander, The Swimmer|It took him almost a half hour to write a message of only five lines. It took yet another fifteen minutes to delete whatever might be construed as ambiguity, desperation, or references to a history that he no longer had access to. Finally, he took a deep breath and hit ‘send’.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The world of books, the greatest possessions.
Michael Bassey Johnson|When people complain of your complexity, they fail to remember that they made fun of your simplicity.
Rafael Yglesias, The Wisdom of Perversity|Everything was for this moment- of silence, of bliss! I am speechless at this shrine of You and I understand that life was just a journey to find You, the deepest consciousness living in even the dead!
Kathy Griffin|A lot of people come up here and they thank Jesus for this award. I want you to know that no one had less to do with this award than Jesus. He didn't help me a bit. If it was up to him, Cesar Millan would be up here with that damn dog. So all I can say is, 'suck it, Jesus! This award is my God now'!
Anthony Bourdain|O enchanted land of my childhood, a cultural petri dish from which regularly issues forth greatness. New Jersey, in case you didn't know it, has got beaches. And they're not all crawling with roid-raging trolls with reality shows. I grew up summering on those beaches and they are awesome. Jersey's got farmland, beautiful bedroom communities where that woman from "Real Housewives" who looks like Dr. Zaius does not live nor anyone like her. Even the refineries, the endless cloverleaves of turnpikes and expressway twisting and unknowable patterns over the wetlands that are to me somehow beautiful. To know Jersey is to love her.
James Dyson|Because of technology, we don't develop telepathy. We don't use telepathy, but use, you know, the mobile phones. Why?
Iain Pears, The Dream of Scipio|[T]he concern of man is not his future but his present, not the world but his soul. We must be just, we must strive, we must engage ourselves with the business of the world for our own sake, because through that, and through contemplation in equal measure, our soul is purified and brought closer to the divine. ... Thought and deed conjoined are crucial. ... The attempt must be made; the outcome is irrelevant. Right action is a pale material reflection of the divine, but reflection it is, nonetheless. Define your goal and exert reason to accomplish it by virtuous action; successs or failure is secondary.
Colin Firth|To live we must conquer incessantly, we must have the courage to be happy.
R. Kelly|If Mom is healthy, then her child is more likely to thrive, more likely to have a better quality of life and, ultimately, better able to provide for his or herself.
Vandana Shiva|As I would not be a slave, so I would not be a master. This expresses my idea of democracy.
Grace Fiorre, The Nothing Spirit: Nothing is Everything|When I say nothing, I say everything
N.G. Pomyalovsky, Seminary Sketches|You will find complete, absolute atheism, not a conscious atheism, but rather the animal atheism of an uneducated man, the atheism of a cat or dog. They call themselves believers, and they lie: they neither believe in nor rely upon that God to whom woman, children, idealists, and people in misfortune like to turn.
Frédéric Bastiat, That Which Is Seen and That Which Is Not Seen|We haven't really got anything worth having for our wishes.''We've had things happening,' said Robert; 'that's always something.''It's not enough, unless they're the right things,' said Cyril firmly.
Nancy Pearcey|A friend gave me a CD of the 'Pathetique' Symphony as a Christmas present. I went home, and I put on the CD expecting to listen to Tchaikovsky. But it started 'ta ta ta taaa.' It was too long for me. I didn't understand it at first, but then I fell in love, in love, in love.
Olivia Arran, Heartsridge Shifters: Austin|... everyone regrets something, but you can't change the past. You've got to let go and make new memories until the old ones fade enough that they don't hold any power over you.
James A. Murphy, The Waves of Life Quotes and Daily Meditations|Your fear comes not from what you're afraid will happen. Your fear comes from thinking what may happen. You cannot predict your future. You can however, create your future. What happened yesterday is over. What happens today is up to you….
Kim Thúy, Ru|Your power as a woman, as a mother, is your medicine, and it saved you. Take your courage in that.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|If you have the guts to keep making mistakes, your wisdom and intelligence leap forward with huge momentum.
Don DeLillo, White Noise|The plane had lost power in all three engines, dropped from thirty-four thousand feet to twelve thousand feet. Something like four miles. When the steep glide began, people rose, fell, collided, swam in their seats. Then the serious screaming and moaning began. Almost immediately a voice from the flight deck was heard on the intercom: "We're falling out of the sky! We're going down! We're a silver gleaming death machine!" This outburst struck the passengers as an all but total breakdown of authority, competence and command presence and it brought on a round of fresh and desperate wailing.
Robert Mueller|Cultures are never merely intellectual constructs. They take form through the collective intelligence and memory, through a commonly held psychology and emotions, through spiritual and artistic communion.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|I love the echoes of a home filled to the rim with poetry, books and art.
Abraham Hicks|I wonder if it is the same for women, whether women always feel this pain when they are fucked? Or is it only in sodomy that pain and pleasure are so linked, so inextricable?
Kate Baxter, The Dark Vampire|I know you want me, Jenner," Bria said in a breathy tone. "Why don't you do something about it?
Nataša Nuit Pantović, A-Ma Alchemy of Love|As long as the belief is: we need suffering to grow, the world will be suffering and the belief will be limiting.
Eleanor Hallowell Abbott, Molly Make-Believe|Then Night came down like the feathery soot of a smoky lamp, and smutted[9] first the bedquilt, then the hearth-rug, then the window-seat, and then at last the great, stormy, faraway outside world. But sleep did not come. Oh, no! Nothing new came at all except that particularly wretched, itching type of insomnia which seems to rip away from one's body the whole kind, protecting skin and expose all the raw, ticklish fretwork of nerves to the mercy of a gritty blanket or a wrinkled sheet. Pain came too, in its most brutally high night-tide; and sweat, like the smother of furs in summer; and thirst like the scrape of hot sand-paper; and chill like the clammy horror of raw fish.
William Shakespeare, The Tempest|Ye elves of hills, brooks, standing lakes and groves,And ye that on the sands with printless footDo chase the ebbing Neptune and do fly himWhen he comes back; you demi-puppets thatBy moonshine do the green sour ringlets make,Whereof the ewe not bites, and you whose pastimeIs to make midnight mushrooms, that rejoiceTo hear the solemn curfew; by whose aid,Weak masters though ye be, I have bedimm’dThe noontide sun, call’d forth the mutinous winds,And ‘twixt the green sea and the azured vaultSet roaring war: to the dread rattling thunderHave I given fire and rifted Jove’s stout oakWith his own bolt; the strong-based promontoryHave I made shake and by the spurs pluck’d upThe pine and cedar: graves at my commandHave waked their sleepers, oped, and let ‘em forthBy my so potent art. But this rough magicI here abjure, and, when I have requiredSome heavenly music, which even now I do,To work mine end upon their senses thatThis airy charm is for, I’ll break my staff,Bury it certain fathoms in the earth,And deeper than did ever plummet soundI’ll drown my book.
William Barrett, The Illusion of Technique: A Search for Meaning in a Technological Civilization|No, free will is not an 'extra'; it is part and parcel of the very essence of consciousness. A conscious being without free will is simply a metaphysical absurdity.
Talulah Riley|I don't like high concept movies very much, and the kind of scripts that I would occasionally get offered tended to be really high concept comedies or romantic comedies. I just don't like it. I like much more realistic movies with actual psychology and behavior in them.
Stevan V. Nikolic, Truth According to Michael|Be your best proponent, ally, and advocate.
Elisabeth Kübler-Ross|The beautiful people we have known are those who have known defeat, known suffering, known struggle, known loss, and have found their way out of those depths.
Philippa Gregory, The Red Queen|The king is a saint and cannot rule, and his son is a devil and should not.
M.B. Dallocchio, Quixote in Ramadi: An Indigenous Account of Imperialism|Racism isn’t born, folks. It’s taught. I have a 2-year-old son. Know what he hates? Naps. End of list.
creatorbe|My parents raised me to get things done, no matter what. They don’t care about rules, just appearances. This whole time I’ve been telling myself that I’m going to be different from my parents, different from my sister, be the one who stuck to the straight and narrow. But I think I had it all wrong, Call. I don’t care about rules or appearances. I don’t want to be the person who just gets things done. I want to do the right thing. I don’t care if we have to lie or cheat or cut corners or break rules to do it.
Richard Neal|My trust in a higher power that wants me to survive and have love in my life, is what keeps me moving forward.
Paul Hawken|So far from being able to answer for my sins, I cannot even answer for my righteousness!
Steven Redhead, Life Is Simply A Game|I would just have to find a hog, slaughter it, butcher it, cure the meat, then fry it up. Thinking about the bacon—the potential of bacon—gives me hope. Not all is lost if bacon isn't. Seriously.
Fiona Zedde, Bliss|He recovered quickly, reaching out to touch a few outstretched hands, melting the front row of girls like one long stick of butter as he moved closer toward me.
Suzanne Jenkins|My whole life, you have made decisions for me.""Your whole life," Georgiana pointed out, "totals nine years.
Hosni Mubarak|Federalism is no longer the fault line of Centre-State relations but the definition of a new partnership of Team India. Citizens now have the ease of trust, not the burden of proof and process. Businesses find an environment that is open and easy to work in.
Patrick Reinken, Omicron|There was a ringing in his ears, like a dead phone line that he couldn’t hang up on.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|He had the strangest feeling come over him, which he'd never before known. Like he was meeting his best friend, for the first time. It was recognition mixed with relief...but also some amount of joy. Like, "Oh, there you are! It's so great to meet you finally! I've missed you!
Dan Brown, The Lost Symbol|Truth has power. And if we all gravitate toward similar ideas maybe we do so because those ideas are true... written deep within us. And when we hear the truth, even if we don't understand it, we feel the truth, even if we don't understand it, we feel that truth resonate within us... vibrating with our unconscious wisdom. Perhaps the truth us not learned by us, but rather, the truth is re-called... re-membered... re-cognized... as that which is already inside us.
Cecelia Ahern, The Book of Tomorrow|There was nothing wrong with having an expensive home, nothing wrong at all. There’s a pride in building something up, working hard to achieve something. But it shouldn’t have been his manhood that increased with each new success, it should have been his heart. His success was like the witch in ‘Hansel and Gretel’ fairy tale: it fed him for all the wrong reasons, fattening him in all the wrong places. Dad deserved his success, he just needed a masterclass in humility. I could have done with one too. How special I thought I was in the silver Aston Martin in which he drove me to school some mornings. How special am I now, now that somebody bought it from a depot of reprocessed cars, for a fraction of the price. How special indeed
