Julie Kagawa, Winter's Passage| i'm your enemy, meghan. never forget that. if Mab tells me to kill you in front of the entire court, it's my duty to obey.
Maurice Maeterlinck, Wisdom And Destiny|The morning was a wretched time of day for him. He feared it and it never brought him any good. On no morning of his life had he ever been in good spirits nor done any good before midday, nor ever had a happy idea, nor devised any pleasure for himself or others. By degrees during the afternoon he warmed and became alive, and only towards evening, on his good days, was he productive active and sometimes, aglow with joy.
Christopher Hitchens, Letters to a Young Contrarian|I find something repulsive about the idea of vicarious redemption. I would not throw my numberless sins onto a scapegoat and expect them to pass from me; we rightly sneer at the barbaric societies that practice this unpleasantness in its literal form. There's no moral value in the vicarious gesture anyway. As Thomas Paine pointed out, you may if you wish take on a another man's debt, or even to take his place in prison. That would be self-sacrificing. But you may not assume his actual crimes as if they were your own; for one thing you did not commit them and might have died rather than do so; for another this impossible action would rob him of individual responsibility. So the whole apparatus of absolution and forgiveness strikes me as positively immoral, while the concept of revealed truth degrades the concept of free intelligence by purportedly relieving us of the hard task of working out the ethical principles for ourselves.
F.D.  Lee, The Fairy's Tale|There isn’t anything I can tell you that you don’t already know,” Melly answered.“Yes, but if we already know it then you’re not telling us anything new,” Bea said, thinking her way through the carriages of fear on the witch’s train of thought, “and if we don’t tell you what we know and what we don’t know, then you won’t know if you’ve actually told us something we don’t know, and what you don’t know we don’t know won’t hurt you.”Melly stared at Bea, her cigarette hanging from her lip in defeat.“Did that make sense?” Joan asked.“Yes,” Melly said slowly, “but it probably shouldn’t have done.
Gilles Deleuze|If you're trapped in the dream of the Other, you're fucked.
Erwin Rommel|I don't think 'Cocktail' was a perfect critical success, but it touched a vein in our culture.
A.R. Von, The Approach|Be quiet! Anyone can spit in my face, and call me a criminal and a prostitute. But no one has the right to judge my remorse.
N'Zuri Za Austin|Poetry without words, you are, the beat to my hearts rhythm.
Indra Nooyi|I think we're rapidly approaching the day where medical science can keep people alive in hospitals, hooked up to tubes and things, far beyond when any kind of quality of life is left at all.
Shelly Crane, The Other Side Of Gravity|Sometimes I just needed to talk about it, even though it singed like touching the end of a match. I just needed to feel that pain for a moment, to know that it was real. It was my pain. I had earned it by living through it.
Liezi, Lieh-tzu: A Taoist Guide to Practical Living|He tangles his hand in my hair, and the other cups my jaw. Although I have this all planned, his lips feel shockingly sweet, swollen and soft, and more like home every time
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Each morning when I open my eyes I say to myself: I, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today. I can choose which it shall be. Yesterday is dead, tomorrow hasn't arrived yet. I have just one day, today, and I'm going to be happy in it.
Leona Lewis|You'd think true masculinity was just calm and collected happiness. So alpha male that it needs not or worries not. But typically masculine characters are always fighting, and most violence comes from some agitated level of fear and anxiety.
Vann Chow|A lot of people travel because they are unhappy, but travelling does not necessary makes one happier. Sometimes it exacerbates the unhappiness, the loneliness.
Jonathan Tropper, This is Where I Leave You|When introverts are in conflict with each other...it may require a map in order to follow all the silences, nonverbal cues and passive-aggressive behaviors!
Herta Müller, The Passport|The blue light of the rising moon fell on the rocks and the scant forest of the taiga, revealing each projecting rock, each tree in a peculiar fashion, different from the way they looked by day. Everything seemed real but different than in the daytime. It was as if the world had a second face, a nocturnal face.
Saumya Sharman, The Ultimate Journey|I am not to be underestimated. Overestimated, maybe, but underestimated? No.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|This is what the LORD requires of every man; to do justice, to love mercy and to humbly work with God.
Lindsey Stirling|The ever clearer consciousness that love can dispense with marriage, yet marriage cannot dispense with love, is already partially recognized by modern society, by the facility of divorce.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Faith moves mountains, intelligence goes over them, wisdom goes around them, but love levels them.
Beth Mikell|Professor, when people say such things after impossibility smacks them in the face, we call it denial
Sarah Mayberry, Can't Get Enough|Hey," Anaxantis protested. "Oh," he added, when the Muktar prince took his member in his mouth. "Oh... that's what you meant by servicing." He laughed softly."Aw, aw, teeth, teeth, no teeth," he hissed suddenly."Sowwy," Timishi, mumbled with his mouth full. "Towd you it wouldn't je jood.
Johann Schiller|Liberty, with all its drawbacks, is everywhere vastly more attractive to a noble soul than good social order without it — than society like a flock of sheep, or a machine working like a watch.
Heather Demetrios, I'll Meet You There|I thought of the cool, fresh air of the city I'd always dreamed of living in. The art museums and trolleys and the mysterious fog that blanketed it. I could almost smell the cappuccinos I'd planned to drink in bohemian cafes or hear the indie music in the bookstores I would spend my free time in. I pictured the friends I'd make, my kindred art people, and the dorm room I was supposed to move into.
Ted Dekker, Blink|Lemons. He liked lemons. They made you make funny faces when you bit them, and a very, very long way in the future there was a really amazing planet where they'd evolved into people and lived in harmony with a variety of hyper-intelligent bee. Evolution. Thousands and thousands of years of tiny changes could turn little burning sparks of chemistry into people, into monsters and angels and even human beings.
Moira Young, Blood Red Road|Ever heard of the rule of three? he shouts as we run.No!If you save somebody's life three times, their life belongs to you. You saved my life today, that makes once. Save it twice more an I'm all yers.
Mary Karr, Now Go Out There:|Being smart and rich are lucky, but being curious and compassionate will save your ass. Being curious and compassionate can take you out of your ego and edge your soul towards wonder.
Karin Boye, Kallocain|And is this not the very reason for the establishment of the State? If there were cause and reason for confidence among individuals, the State would never have come into existence. The sacred and essential foundation for the State is our mutual and well-founded suspicion of each other. Anyone questioning this foundation throws suspicion upon the State.
John  Williams|I am a man, and as foolish and weak as most men; if I have had an advantage over my fellows, it is that I have known this of myself, and have therefore known their weaknesses, and never presumed to find much more strength and wisdom in myself than I found in another. It was one of the sources of my power, that knowledge.
Lewis Howes|If you aren't learning, you are regressing, because more growth comes from failure than from success.
Azar Nafisi|I think that's not a question that one can answer accurately. I read a whole range of books, quite a lot of history at the time, and still do read a lot. I read very widely.
C. D. C. Reeve|It was one of the only times in my teaching career that I got angry and showed it in class. I was young and inexperienced, and I thought certain standards were respected and understood.
Jennifer Probst, Searching for Beautiful|Ruexner chuckled and put away his knife. Gisela kept her eyes on Valten. Even though her bottom lip trembled, she still looked like the bravest woman he had ever seen.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|As the saying goes, "Smile and the world smiles with you, cry and you cry alone.” Smiling is a universal symbol of happiness that transcends language and communication challenges.
Mishi McCoy|As we examine the stars, they often feel too far out of reach, yet we aren’t able to deny the sense of being touched by them in an intimate way beyond description. Do you feel as I do? That as you set your sight intently upon a star, it gazes right back at you in acknowledgement of recognition of you as well. To set our sights upon the stars is a feeling of being at home. It is a sense of belonging to something greater than us, yet a kindred sense of ourselves.
Billy Williams|I fall asleep feeling beautiful. Then, in the morning, before I leave the house, I say five things I love about myself, like 'You have really pretty eyes.' That way I can go out into the world with that little bit of extra confidence. It's a feel-good protein shake in my back pocket in case someone messes with me that day.
Antonio Porchia, Voices|Everybody is a stranger, but that's the danger in going my own way.
David    Allen, Getting Things Done: The Art of Stress-Free Productivity|Getting things done, and feeling good about it, means being willing to recognize, acknowledge, and appropriately manage all the things that have your consciousness engaged. Mastering the art of stress-free productivity requires it.
Neal Stephenson, Snow Crash|The Deliverator's car has enough potential energy packed into its batteries to fire a pound of bacon into the Asteroid Belt. Unlike a bimbo box or a Burb beater, the Deliverator's car unloads that power through gaping, gleaming, polished, sphincters. When the Deliverator puts the hammer down, shit happens.
Gillian Flynn, Sharp Objects|Sometimes I think illness sits inside every woman, waiting for the right moment to bloom. I have known so many sick women all my life. Women with chronic pain, with ever-gestating diseases. Women with conditions. Men, sure, they have bone snaps, they have backaches, they have a surgery or two, yank out a tonsil, insert a shiny plastic hip. Women get consumed. Not surprising, considering the sheer amount of traffic a woman’s body experiences. Tampons and speculums. Cocks, fingers, vibrators and more, between the legs, from behind, in the mouth. Men love to put things inside women, don’t they?
Abbie Chandler, The Veiled Soul|She has this passion to learn everything she can about life, and it is so amazing to see everything through her eyes. She’s guarded in a way that even she can’t explain, but she is embracing this life and giving it all. It’s beautiful. She’s beautiful.
Maurine Stuart, Subtle Sound: The Zen Teachings of Maurine Stuart|Become the person of no rank. Become the noble soul, and live in this awakened way, not imitating anyone. Whatever the circumstances your life asks of you, respond to them in your own individual Zen-spirited way. Don't waste any time trying to be someone else...We are not here to have someone else's experience. We are here to have our own vivid experience. So please don't cling to yesterday, to what happened, to what didn't happen. And do not judge today by yesterday. Let us just live today to the fullest! Moment after moment, each sitting is the only sitting.
C.G. Jung, The Red Book: Liber Novus|if you think DRINKING is bad, then stop THINKING (ejump,2017)
David Graeber, Debt: The First 5,000 Years|Such is life. It is no cleaner than a kitchen; it reeks like a kitchen; and if you mean to cook your dinner, you must expect to soil your hands; the real art is in getting them clean again, and therein lies the whole morality of our epoch.
John Gilbert Winant|Our situation is intolerable, but what's worseis to sit here and do nothing.
Sam Ewing|Flaming enthusiasm, backed up by horse sense and persistence, is the quality that most frequently makes for success.
David Sedaris, Me Talk Pretty One Day|Faced with an exciting question, science tended to provide the dullest possible answer.
Kelly Zygmunt|Trust no one,and let none believe.
Melina Marchetta, Looking for Alibrandi|Peter curled his hands into fists at his sides. 'Kiss me,' he said.She leaned towards him slowly, until her face was too close to be in focus. Her hair fell over Peter's shoulder like a curtain and her eyes closed. She smelled like autumn-like apple cider and slanting sun and the snap of the coming cold. He felt his heart scrambling, caught inside the confines of his own body.Josie's lips landed just on the edge of his, almost his cheek and not quite his mouth. 'I'm glad I wasn't stuck in here alone,' she said shyly, and he tasted the words, sweet as mint on her breath.
Rob Brezsny, Pronoia is the Antidote for Paranoia: How the Whole World is Conspiring to Shower You With Blessings|If you’re really listening, if you’re awake to the poignant beauty of the world, your heart breaks regularly. In fact, your heart is made to break; its purpose is to burst open again and again so it can hold evermore wonders. -Andrew Harvey
Kiyohiko Azuma, Yotsuba&!, Vol. 03|Yotsuba: I’ll get revenge! … I’m going! Jumbo (in a suffering manner): Yotsuba… please, come back alive… Yotsuba (heroic): Alright. Even if I die… I’ll come back alive.—–Yotsuba!
Steven Van Zandt|I lend people money, but I'd never lend something that would jeopardise a friendship if I didn't get it back.
César A. Hidalgo|The economy of early hominids and that of twenty-first century society have enormous differences, but they do share one important feature: in both of these economies, humans accumulate information in objects. Our world is different from that of early hominids only in the way in which atoms are arranged.
Seth Shostak|In the four years since its launch, Kepler has chalked up 122 new and confirmed planets. It's also caught the scent of nearly three thousand additional objects, of which probably 80 percent or more will turn out to be other-worldly orbs.
Herodotus|Now if a man thus favoured died as he has lived, he will be just the one you are looking for: the only sort of person who deserves to be called happy. But mark this: until he is dead, keep the word "happy" in reserve. Till then, he is not happy, but only lucky...
Jim Beaver, Life's That Way|While I was drying off Maddie after her bath tonight, she said, 'I love you' to me for the first time. It sounded like 'All lub boo,' but I didn't care. To reciprocate, I showed her what an ex-Marine looks like when he cries.
Peter Pomerantsev, Nothing Is True and Everything Is Possible: The Surreal Heart of the New Russia|That unique Moscow mix of tackiness and menace. One time I see a poster advertising a new property development that captures the tone nicely. Got up in the style of Nazi propaganda, it shows two Germanic-looking youths against a glorious alpine mountain over the slogan "Life is Getting Better". It would be wrong to say the ad is humorous, but it's not quite serious either. It's sort of both. It's saying this is the society we live in (a dictatorship), but we're just playing at it (we can make jokes about it), but playing in a serious way (we're making money playing it and won't let anyone subvert its rules).
Stephanie Witter, 2B or Not 2B?|No." I pulled away just enough to lock my eyes with his. His crooked smile sent shivers down my spine. His eyes were a deep blue darkening more as the minutes passing between us were getting hotter. "I will be the one using you, and you'll love every second, every breath, every stroke and every fucking inch of me," he said, his lips ghosting above mine.
Snoop Dogg|White shall not neutralize the black, nor good compensate bad in man, absolve him so: life's business being just the terrible choice.
E. Nesbit, The Railway Children|There was a pleasant party of barge people round the fire. You might not have thought it pleasant, but they did; for they were all friends or acquaintances, and they liked the same sort of things, and talked the same sort of talk. This is the real secret of pleasant society.
Machel Shull, HAPPY SOUL: 10 Steps to Happiness|Be bold. Find the courage to dream lofty dreams of what you wish to attain. Dream big and wide. Dreaming is healthy for our imagination to explore the unknown. Before our goals can materialize, a dream must be set in motion, it must feed our soul (subconscious) a belief that exists in the unknown future.
bookfairy143|He feared that by leaving her he would ruin her life - so he stayed, and did just that.
Jennifer Donnelly, Revolution|On those nights, the words were for me alone. They came up unbidden from my heart. They spilled over my tongue and spilled out my mouth. And because of them, I, who was nothing and nobody, was a prince of Denmark, a maid of Verona, a queen of Egypt. I was a sour misanthrope, a beetling hypocrite, a conjurer's daughter, a mad and murderous king.
Mason Cooley|However glorious an action in itself, it ought not to pass for great if it be not the effect of wisdom and intention.
Steven Herrick, Cold Skin|My father said to remember your enemies as well as your friends, and don't trust either of them.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|Some people have the innate ability to cheat artfully during dating, interview... Once they're in, they completely change and become different that they leave you wonder whether you have ever met them before.
Debasish Mridha|Feel the delights of love with the heart, not with the mind.
H.P. Lovecraft, The Thing on the Doorstep|The result is ... that there's no room left in the world for the weird – though plenty for crude, contemptuous, wisecracking, fun-poking imitations of it.
Iain Banks, The State of the Art|Saul's vitals were not human, but familiar:he never told me he was from another world:I never told him I was from his future. 
Courtney Cole|We must stand together and resist all such incursion! We must come together in brotherhood and toss out those like you—women who take a man’s job, who rob a man of the ability to feed his family."“Who is ‘we’?” Jessica peered at the empty green hedge behind him. “You appear to be alone.”“I speak for all working men!
Elizabeth Hardwick, Seduction and Betrayal: Women and Literature|The large, gaping flaws in the construction of the stories--mad wives in the attic, strange apparitions in Belgium--are a representation of the life she could not face; these gothic subterfuges represent the mind at a breaking point, frantic to find any way out. If the flaws are only to be attributed to the practicce of popular fiction of the time, we cannot then explain the large amount of genuine feeling that goes into them. They stand for the hidden wishes of an intolerable life.
Meg Wolitzer, The Interestings|He who least needs tomorrow, will most gladly greet tomorrow.
Cassandra Clare, Welcome to Shadowhunter Academy|The entire world has benefited and prospered since the decisive defeat of Yellow Fever, an unconventional and far-reaching military victory derived from the field medical discoveries of U.S. Army Major Dr. Walter Reed, designed and carried out by U.S. Army Major Dr. William Gorgas with the overall support under the command of U.S. Army General Leonard Wood.
Mary  Stewart, The Last Enchantment|The essence of wisdom is to know when to be doing, and when it's useless even to try
Billy Collins|Often people, when they're confronted with a poem, it's like someone who keep saying 'what is the meaning of this? What is the meaning of this?' And that dulls us to the other pleasures poetry offers.
Daniel Radcliffe|I’m an atheist, and a militant atheist when religion starts impacting on legislation.
Aihebholo-oria Okonoboh|Write what you want, everything else is gravy
Vivica A. Fox|Great achievement is usually born of great sacrifice, and is never the result of selfishness.
Anne Tyler|You make me come alive- too alive. It's breathless, like a disaster. Ravishing, like crossing over into the desert and losing your bearings. Nothing's the same again.
Peter Sotos|In the early centuries of Islam, the great schools of Islamic jurisprudence were built upon the above principles. Basic to all their legal systems they developed the doctrine that liberty is the fundamental basis of law.
Jess C. Scott, The Intern|When someone loves you, the way they talk about you is different. You feel safe and comfortable.
J.D. Robb, New York to Dallas|All that they lacked was the gift that descended upon the chosen disciples at Pentecost, in tongues of flame; symbolizing, it would seem, not the power of speech in foreign and unknown languages, but that of addressing the whole human brotherhood in the heart's native language.
Thomas A. Edison|Study, along the lines which the theologies have mapped, will never lead us to discovery of the fundamental facts of our existence. That goal must be attained by means of exact science and can only be achieved by such means. The fact that man, for ages, has superstitiously believed in what he calls a God does not prove at all that his theory has been right. There have been many gods – all makeshifts, born of inability to fathom the deep fundamental truth. There must be something at the bottom of existence, and man, in ignorance, being unable to discover what it is through reason, because his reason has been so imperfect, undeveloped, has used, instead, imagination, and created figments, of one kind or another, which, according to the country he was born in, the suggestions of his environment, satisfied him for the time being. Not one of all the gods of all the various theologies has ever really been proved. We accept no ordinary scientific fact without the final proof; why should we, then, be satisfied in this most mighty of all matters, with a mere theory?Destruction of false theories will not decrease the sum of human happiness in future, any more than it has in the past... The days of miracles have passed. I do not believe, of course, that there was ever any day of actual miracles. I cannot understand that there were ever any miracles at all. My guide must be my reason, and at thought of miracles my reason is rebellious. Personally, I do not believe that Christ laid claim to doing miracles, or asserted that he had miraculous power...Our intelligence is the aggregate intelligence of the cells which make us up. There is no soul, distinct from mind, and what we speak of as the mind is just the aggregate intelligence of cells. It is fallacious to declare that we have souls apart from animal intelligence, apart from brains. It is the brain that keeps us going. There is nothing beyond that.Life goes on endlessly, but no more in human beings than in other animals, or, for that matter, than in vegetables. Life, collectively, must be immortal, human beings, individually, cannot be, as I see it, for they are not the individuals – they are mere aggregates of cells.There is no supernatural. We are continually learning new things. There are powers within us which have not yet been developed and they will develop. We shall learn things of ourselves, which will be full of wonders, but none of them will be beyond the na
Rachel McAdams|I use filming as an excuse to take classes. I got my certification in sailing for 'Wedding Crashers,' and now I can handle a 26-foot boat. I played a seamstress once, so I took sewing classes. I love dipping into these other lives.
Rick Hanson, Buddha's Brain: The Practical Neuroscience of Happiness, Love, and Wisdom|Within your mind, there are hardly any lines at all. All its contents flow into each other, sensations becoming thoughts, feelings, desires, actions, and more sensations. This stream of consciousness correlates with a cascade of fleeting neural assemblies, each assembly dispersing into the next one[.]
Natalia Sylvester, Chasing the Sun|...I'd come home but nearly everybody does. It's the ones that don't go home that I feel sorry for, they're not happy.
Gume Laurel III, Kingdom of Abel - Bathed in Shadow|So, how can I try to be someone I didn't really even know?
Steven Pressfield, The War of Art: Break Through the Blocks & Win Your Inner Creative Battles|The professional has learned that success, like happiness, comes as a by-product of work. The professional concentrates on the work and allows rewards to come or not come, whatever they like.
Dr. Karan M Pai|Always bring something when you come in the world, always give something when you go from this world.... and the something is Always MEMORIES
Alfred Hitchcock|The next thing I knew, I was out of the service and making movies again. My first picture was called, GI Blues. I thought I was still in the army.
Ken Kesey, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest|But I remember one thing: it wasn't me that started acting deaf, it was people that first started acting like I was too dumb to hear or see or say anything at all.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Bait, no matter how big, is useless if fish do not desire it.
Colson Whitehead, The Underground Railroad|For all intents and purposes, the freedom America preaches is a hoax, it is fiction, just like their movies. People of colour in America are no where near free. They walk around without chains but they are everywhere in chains.
Edward Frenkel, Love and Math: The Heart of Hidden Reality|Where there is no mathematics, there is no freedom.
Robert Greene, The 48 Laws of Power|Never assume that the person you are dealing with is weaker or less important than you are. Some people are slow to take offense, which may make you misjudge the thickness of their skin, and fail to worry about insulting them. But should you offend their honor and their pride, they will overwhelm you with a violence that seems sudden and extreme given their slowness to anger. If you want to turn people down, it is best to do so politely and respectfully, even if you feel their request is impudent or their offer ridiculous.
M.L. Stedman, The Light Between Oceans|Just now and then, maybe every few weeks and then only for minutes at a time, a breach appeared in the partition and I walked on through, because I have always taken that as a general rule of life: If a door opens, walk on through and at least take a look around.
Dhyana Stanley, The Human Experience Is the Dance of Heaven and Earth: A Call Home to Peace|Mystical experiences are not required to blast fear out of our system and for us to stabilize in the sensing of oneness with the totality - only the willingness to move with however life is now flowing. With conscious movement now, all sense of separation between life and self dissolves, and life free of fear is realized and expressed.
Boethius, The Consolation of Philosophy|The greatest moral appeal of the doctrine of the Blank Slate comes from a simple mathematical fact: zero equals zero. This allows the Blank Slate to serve as a guarantor of political equality...[I]f we are all blank slates, the reasoning goes, we must all be equal. But if the slate of a newborn is not blank, different babies could have different things inscribed on their slates. Individuals, sexes, classes, and races might differ innately in their talents, abilities, interests, and inclinations. And that, it is thought, could lead to three evils. The first is prejudice: if groups of people are biologically different, it could be rational to discriminate against the members of some of the groups. The second is Social Darwinism: if differences among groups in their station in life...come from their innate constitutions, the differences cannot be blamed on discrimination, and that makes it easy to blame the victim and tolerate inequality. The third is eugenics: if people differ biologically in ways that other people value or dislike, it would invite them to try to improve society by intervening biologically -by encouraging or discouraging people's decisions to have children...or by killing them outright. The Nazis carried out the final solution because they thought Jews and other ethnic groups were biologically inferior. The fear of the terrible consequences that might arise from a discovery of innate differences has thus led many intellectuals to insist that such differences do not exist...
Justin Cartwright|I don't think that, when future generations look at the apartheid struggle, they will see it as quite the momentous literary cauldron that recent history has suggested. In fact, as well as recording the struggle for human rights, the literary account, which Gordimer has kept so faithfully and truthfully, may be seen as something of a storm in a teacup. Of course it was true that South Africa preserved in much-condensed form all the nasty prejudices and cruelties of an earlier age, and so it was of particular interest to the liberal West. How, it wondered, could something so obscenely and obviously wrong persist? But this was also obvious to every educated white person in South Africa. Certainly, in my family there were never any misconceptions about the nakedly discriminatory nature of Nationalist rule from 1948 to 1994. Those of us who left had many motives, but one of them was a reluctance to spend our lives attacking the indefensible, particularly in Marxist terms. The point I am making, and have been making for a few years, is that white South African writing rode a wave, whether consciously or not. The big issues that it tackled were in fact long since resolved: The South African Afrikaner government was a blind appendix loosely attached to the western digestive system.
Guilherme Leal|I think happiness comes from self-acceptance. We all try different things, and we find some comfortable sense of who we are. We look at our parents and learn and grow and move on. We change.
Steven Heighton|Let failure be your workshop. See it for what is is: the world walking you through a tough but necessary semester, free of tuition. (from Workbook)
J.D. Salinger|Trust me, you see the dead walking around, you learn not to scream, laugh, or piss yourself pretty quickly.
Kate Jacobs, The Friday Night Knitting Club|Cat, I'll let you in on a little secret. We don't all love our jobs every day. And doing something you have passion for doesn't make the work part of it any easier...It just makes you less likely to quit.
Sheila Turnage, Three Times Lucky|A child is not an adult, a child didn't ask to be here. Any man that doesn't take care of his responsibilities to his family and to his children, do me a favor STOP calling yourself a man..at least have the decency to admit that you're a boy. You don't know what manhood is.
Nenia Campbell, Black Beast|He was a phoenix of blood, rising from the ashes of those who had fallen and suffered before him.
CLAMP, ツバサ-RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE- 22|Kurogane: For all my life... I've wanted strength. I didn't want those things precious to me to be taken away from me anymore. But, to have strength means to invite disaster to come to you. And strength alone can't really protect you.
|People don't define you by what you frequently tell them, but by what you consistently show them.
Stefan Emunds, The Second Coming of Jesus Christ - A Short Story|You’re an immortal, divine being. A little god, and yet, you toil like a slave. Isn’t that hilarious?
Pawan Mishra, Coinman: An Untold Conspiracy|How can the nation be mightier, without unity of its citizens?
Nicolas Cage|People want to go out and travel around and meet cool people. I could just go live in Vermont, but is that what I really want?
Richard Baxter, The Saints' Everlasting Rest|You will never know love's depth, until it is gone.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|The difference between a successful and an unsuccessful person is that, one has preserved his potentials while the other has processed his own!
Ruth Bader Ginsburg|Women wish to be loved without a why or a wherefore; not because they are pretty, or good, or well-bred, or graceful, or intelligent, but because they are themselves.
Chuck Palahniuk, Snuff|Isn't a kid alive who doesn't dream about rewarding her folks, or punishing them.
Alejandro Jodorowsky|i've always wanted, basically, to do research in the form of a spectacle.
Ahmet Adam Asar|When you live in contrary to the demand of life, life doesn't work for you. Life rather works against you.
Gary Thomas, Education: A Very Short Introduction|The only fear i have is to die in the middle of the book, what if in next life u left uneducated like millions other, and u never get chance to complete that book.so either I can complete that book and die peacefully,that's not possible because i'm already dead, or i can make millions to zero and be sure to get education in next life, and complete that book.
Elayne Boosler|'In A World...' changed my life a thousand per cent. I feel thankful that something I believed in so much - I love dialect, so I dedicated five years of my life to making a film about it - yielded such rewards. It led to 'Man Up,' as well as 'No Escape,' which comes out later this year... two movies where I am the female lead.
François Fénelon|Peace does not dwell in outward things but within the soul; we may preserve it in the midst of the bitterest pain, if our will remains firm and submissive. Peace in this life springs from acquiescence to, not an exemption from, suffering.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You have to find the might, to climb the mountain.
Carlos Salinas, The Little Book of Big Quotes|Inspiration can come in many ways: words, an action, an idea, or a person. It can come at any time, and when it does, let it move you.
P.S. Clinen, The Will of the Wisp|for though life can have its unspeakable tragedies, there is simply too much joy out there for those who'd seek it.
David Levithan, Boy Meets Boy|Tony knows the names of trees and birds. As we walk around, he points them out to me. I try to record them in my mind, but the information never holds. What matters to me is the emotional meaning of the objects.
Penelope Fitzgerald|What’s to become of us? We can’t go on like this.”“Yes, we can go on like this,” said Cesare. “We can go on exactly like this for the rest of our lives.
Haylen Beck, Here and Gone|Margaret took Patrick's hand in hers. "Now you two," she said, "isn't it time you gave me another grandchild? We can't have Sean growing up an only child, like Patrick."Patrick blushed and smiled as Margaret squeezed his knee. And Audra caught a glimpse of her function in the marriage, then. She shivered and counted the minutes until she could go home and retreat to the haze.
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|There we were, filled with pure animal need, as he pinned me to the wooden table, and cruelly whipped my naked bottom; the two of us sweaty and panting, me screaming, him grunting, our primal sexual natures overprinting the tea room’s pretence at gentility, and refinement.
A.A. Allen|Before one can walk as Christ walked,and talk as He talked,he must first begin to think as Christ thought.
Jane Thompson|We are so used to our own history, we do not see it as remarkable or out of the ordinary, whereas others might see it as horrendous. Further, we tend to minimize that which we feel shameful about.
Christopher Byford, Den of Shadows|Disillusioned, people simply carried out their work as intended, drinking away sobriety at the end of each hard shift and repeating the process until death.
Wayne Gordon, Do All Lives Matter?: The Issues We Can No Longer Ignore and the Solutions We All Long For|I would not mind being a bit evil, for the larger good.
John Stuart Mill, On Liberty|Society can and does execute its own mandates: and if it issues wrong mandates instead of right, or any mandates at all in things with it ought not to meddle, it practices a social tyranny more formidable than many kinds of political oppression, since, though not usually upheld by such extreme penalties, it leaves fewer means of escape, penetrating much more deeply into the details of life, and enslaving the soul itself.
David Mathis, Habits of Grace: Enjoying Jesus through the Spiritual Disciplines|…Prayer to God is not only the place for divulging our heart, but also developing our desires.
Rebecca Solnit|The battle with Men Who Explain Things has trampled down many women — of my generation, of the up-and-coming generation we need so badly, here and in Pakistan and Bolivia and Java, not to speak of the countless women who came before me and were not allowed into the laboratory, or the library, or the conversation, or the revolution, or even the category called human.
Lisa Kessler, Legend of Love|I love surfing, but ---" his gaze wandered over the thin sheet covering her body before he met her eyes again " --- no wave could ever compete with you.
Yanis Yingnan JI|To help others, will be rewarded
Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl|As girls, we will do anything for the person whom we love. We will scale buildings in the rain or run through fire if it means saving our love’s life. There is absolutely nothing more life altering that the fire burning inside of our souls for the one we want most…
Jeaniene Frost, Halfway to the Grave|Usually my form of turning someone down was shoving a stake through his heart while smirking, Gotcha!
Rosamund Hodge, Crimson Bound|Rachelle choked on a laugh. “You were always stronger.”“You,” said Amélie, “were always foolish enough to think that mattered.
P. T. Barnum|A free press can, of course, be good or bad, but, most certainly without freedom, the press will never be anything but bad.
Nathalie M. Llanto|Once I finished reading a good book, it gives me a hard time coping up with reality.
RVM|The Richest person is not the Happiest person, the Happiest person is the Richest person.
Fernand Leger|My horizon on humanity is enlarged by reading the writers of poems, seeing a painting, listening to some music, some opera, which has nothing at all to do with a volatile human condition or struggle or whatever. It enriches me as a human being.
Sunday Adelaja|If the spirit lusts against the flesh, work so that you can gain the victory over the flesh
Boris Pasternak, Doctor Zhivago|About dreams. It is usually taken for granted that you dream of something that has made a particularly strong impression on you during the day, but it seems to me it´s just the contrary. Often it´s something you paid no attention to at the time -- a vague thought that you didn´t bother to think out to the end, words spoken without feeling and which passed unnoticed -- these are the things that return at night, clothed in flesh and blood, and they become the subjects of dreams, as if to make up for having been ignored during waking hours.
JF Smith|Bleeding for a decadeFor a decade,We bleed like there is no hell but the earthWe bleed like we were born to dare We bleed like there is nothing alive inside.We find a clueAfter a decadeBleeding is just to breathSimply keeps us alive.
Anthony J. D'Angelo|The woods are lovely, dark and deep. But I have promises to keep, and miles to go before I sleep.
Stephen Reid, A Crowbar in the Buddhist Garden|Everything that we enjoy is a result of someone's hard work. Some work is visible and other work goes unseen, but both are equally important. Some people stop working as soon as they find a job. Regardless of the unemployment statistics, it is hard to find good people to work. Many people don't understand the difference between idle time and leisure time. Idle time amounts to wasting or stealing time; leisure time is earned. Procrastinating amounts to not working. Excellence is not luck; it is the result of a lot of hard work and practice. Hard work and practice make a person better at whatever he is doing.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Keep faith, love and hope in your heart.
Sandra Cisneros|Once you tell a man he's pretty, there's no taking it back. They think they're pretty all the time, and I suppose, in a way, they are. It's got to do with believing it.
Terence McKenna|You are an explorer, and you represent our species, and the greatest good you can do is to bring back a new idea, because our world is endangered by the absence of good ideas. Our world is in crisis because of the absence of consciousness.
Emily Murdoch, If You Find Me|My life's a tangle of past and present, like two separate puzzles with their pieces tumbled together. Nothing fits.
Violet Cross, Survivors: Secrets|When her voice cracked and tears started spilling down her cheeks, I panicked. I wasn't good at consoling people at the best of times, but even a trained therapist would have struggled in my shoes. What could you possibly say to a girl who'd dug for hours trying to rescue her family after they'd been buried alive?
Unknown|I smile, comforted by the knowledge that I am not alone. That I haven't been left behind. That when everyone else moves on, when they find new lives and loves and joys, it just might be alright to stay where you are, as long as there's someone standing next to you, holding your hand, telling you it will be okay.
Emily Giffin, Baby Proof|Although I'm sure there are plenty of tall, gorgeous, life-of-the-party guys who are also true to their wives, I happen to believe that a disproportionate number of them are cheaters.
Rae Hachton, Evermore|There is absolutely nothing monstrous about being a vampire. In fact, it's quite beautiful.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|Two times twice now, I have been called arrogant, by the decadent.I'd rather be overly self confident, rather than overly self indulgent.
Rahul Rawat, The Strange Couple|Life is a weird place, what gonna happen next? No one knows it and nothing is guaranteed.
Mary Catherine Bateson, Composing a Further Life: The Age of Active Wisdom|Moving is both liberating and debilitating. Undertaken too late, it is a very stressful process, one that sometimes seems to catapult people into frail old age, and undertaken too soon, it may preempt other possibilities. [p. 38]
Paul Ryan|Leadership is a matter of having people look at you and gain confidence, seeing how you react. If you're in control, they're in control.
Anthony T. Hincks|I have a quote for every occasion, then I remembered that I don't have that many occasions.
Lisa Cron, Wired for Story: The Writer's Guide to Using Brain Science to Hook Readers from the Very First Sentence|When I got home, I seemed in a dream. My windows looked upon hers; I remained all the day looking at them, and all the day they were closed and dark. I forgot everything for this woman; I slept not, I eat nothing. That evening I fell into a fever, the next morning I was delirious, and the next evening I was DEAD!' 'Dead!' cried his hearers. 'Dead!' answered the narrator, with a conviction in his voice which words alone cannot give; 'dead as Fabian, the cast of whose dead face hangs from that wall!''Go on,' whispered the others, holding their breath.The hail still rattled against the windows, and the fire had so nearly died out, that they threw more wood on the feeble flame which penetrated the darkness of the studio and cast a faint light upon the pale face of him who told the story. ("The Dead Man's Story
Dougie Brimson, Geezer's Guide to Football: A Lifetime of Lads, Lager and Labels|To be perfectly honest, if I had my way women wouldn’t even be allowed inside grounds, and I certainly believe that if a ground is sold out and a male of the species is locked outside, someone should go in, grab the nearest female and throw her out so that the bloke can have her seat.
Melissa Silverstein, In Her Voice: Women Directors Talk Directing|One of the common themes you will read in interview after interview is the call to keep fighting for your vision. This is a message to women directors, producers, writers—anyone who wants to work in the business. Your voice counts. Your vision matters.
Alan Stern|There are some parts of my life that are wonderful, and it's amazing to get to go to cool events and award shows and things like that, but I think the outside perception is that your life just changes overnight and you wear Dolce and Gabanna suits and drive a Mercedes. But life's just not like that.
John Chrysostom|There's a very simple reason why quality relationships are scarce: we live in a fallen world, and it sucks.
Florida Scott-Maxwell, The Measure of My Days|...[T]here are days when emptiness is spacious, and non-existence elevating.
Anonymous|Viva fui in silvis sum dura occisa securi dum vixi tacui mortua dulce cano” is inscribed on the fingerboard of a 16th-century viola da gamba made by Kaspar Tieffenbrucker. It translates, “I was alive in the woods; I was cut down by the cruel axe. While I lived I was silent; In death I sweetly sing.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|TEDDY DAY POEM:A bear hug for you,and I would make you forget your sorrows!I’ll be there with you forever,in your today and all tomorrows!!..The moment I am not there..Close your eyes and you'll see me..You're there in my heart, and yours, I always would be;so just be fine!..O girl, O girl, O.. O.. girl.. you be mine..You're my buddy and I am your teddy..O sweety, you be my.. Valentine...Just be mine.. O O.. be my Valentine!!!
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|There are times when solitude is better than society, and silence is wiser than speech. We should be better Christians if we were more alone, waiting upon God, and gathering through meditation on His Word spiritual strength for labour in his service. We ought to muse upon the things of God, because we thus get the real nutriment out of them. . . . Why is it that some Christians, although they hear many sermons, make but slow advances in the divine life? Because they neglect their closets, and do not thoughtfully meditate on God's Word. They love the wheat, but they do not grind it; they would have the corn, but they will not go forth into the fields to gather it; the fruit hangs upon the tree, but they will not pluck it; the water flows at their feet, but they will not stoop to drink it. From such folly deliver us, O Lord. . . .
Sophie Jordan, Firelight|He stiffens against me, pain written all over the mess of a face. He grabs my face in his hands. Holds me. "It's not over. We're not through, Jacinda." His eyes blister, glitter darkly."I'll find you. I will. We'll be together again.
Alison Moyet|It's a blessing because the Baldwin vibe on the street is what I live for the most. I think our name is something that a lot of people get a good feeling about and brings a smile to their face, and we're very fortunate.
Marge Piercy, Dance the Eagle to Sleep|Whenever the balance of power was unequal, there was a driver and a driven. Power was the lethal vice, the turn-on with evil built into it, because it required a victim to manifest itself. Power implied subject and object. They needed some way to recognize (for everyone to recognize) that everybody was a subject.
Clint Van Winkle, Soft Spots: A Marine's Memoir of Combat and Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder|Unfortunately, just like bullets, you can never get words back once they have been sent out into the world.
Qwana Reynolds-Frasier, Friend In Your Pocket Conversations Session One|IF SOMEONE KEEPS DOING WHAT THEY'RE DOINGTHEY WILL GET BETTER AT IT, BUT.... THEY STILL WON'T BE BETTER THEN YOU!KEEP PUSHING!
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|... Remember that forgiveness too is a power. To beg for it is a power, and to withold or bestow it is a power, perhaps the greatest.
Jonathan Franzen, Freedom|The personality susceptible to the dream of limitless freedom is a personality also prone, should the dream ever sour, to misanthropy and rage.
Nicholas Carr, The Shallows: What the Internet is Doing to Our Brains|A man should keep his little brain attic stocked with all the furniture that he is likely to use, and the rest he can put away in the lumber room of his library, where he can get it if he wants it.
Scott Westerfeld|Maybe like the never-ending stories within stories of the One Thousand and One Nights, life is dream within dream all the way through?
Martin Amis|Poverty said the same thing, century after century, but in different kinds of sentences.
James D. Watson|A fact is a simple statement that everyone believes. It is innocent, unless found guilty. A hypothesis is a novel suggestion that no one wants to believe. It is guilty, until found effective.
Jiddu Krishnamurti|We carry about us the burden of what thousands of people have said and the memories of all our misfortunes. To abandon all that is to be alone, and the mind that is alone is not only innocent but young -- not in time or age, but young, innocent, alive at whatever age -- and only such a mind can see that which is truth and that which is not measurable by words.
H.P. Lovecraft|Long ago you were a dream in your mother's sleep, and then she awoke to give you birth.
Marilynne Robinson, The Givenness of Things: Essays|I have mentioned the qualitative difference between Christianity as an ethic and Christianity as an identity. Christian ethics goes steadfastly against the grain of what we consider human nature: the first will be last, to him who asks give, turn the other cheek, judge not. Identity on the other hand appeals to a constellation of the worst human impulses. It is worse than ordinary tribalism because it assumes a more than virtuous “us” on one side and on the other a “them” who are very doubtful indeed, who are in fact a threat to all we hold dear.
Franklin D. Roosevelt|People are not prisoners of fate, but prisoners of their own minds.
Tom Wolfe|In ordinary perception, the senses send an overwhelming flood of information to the brain, which the brain then filters down to a trickle it can manage for the purpose of survival in a highly competitive world. Man has become so rational, so utilitarian, that the trickle becomes most pale and thin. It is efficient, for mere survival, but it screens out the most wondrous parts of man's potential experience without his even knowing it. We're shut off from our own world. Primitive man once experienced the rich and sparkling flood of the senses fully. Children experience it for a few months-until "normal" training, conditioning, close the doors on this other world, usually for good. Somehow, the drugs opened these ancient doors. And through them modern man may at last go, and rediscover his divine birthright...
H.G. Wells|There is something silly about a man who wears a white suit all the time, especially in New York." (on Tom Wolfe)
John Webster|As Harvard University psychologist Daniel Gilbert argues, 'You can't adapt to commuting, because it's entirely unpredictable. Driving in traffic is a different kind of hell every day.'
Gaelen Foley, Lord of Fire|He’s silent for a few seconds staring back at me with his soulful blue eyes. Even though he never says a word I can feel his emotions rising up inside him. He reaches out to wipe the tear from my cheek and I feel his love for me, smell it, taste it, his love is intoxicating.
Elizabeth Peters, The Snake, the Crocodile and the Dog|Throw a stick, and the servile dog wheezes and pants and stumbles to bring it to you. Do the same before a cat, and he will eye you with coolly polite and somewhat bored amusement. And just as inferior people prefer the inferior animal which scampers excitedly because someone else wants something, so do superior people respect the superior animal which lives its own life and knows that the puerile stick-throwings of alien bipeds are none of its business and beneath its notice. The dog barks and begs and tumbles to amuse you when you crack the whip. That pleases a meekness-loving peasant who relishes a stimulus to his self importance. The cat, on the other hand, charms you into playing for its benefit when it wishes to be amused; making you rush about the room with a paper on a string when it feels like exercise, but refusing all your attempts to make it play when it is not in the humour. That is personality and individuality and self-respect -- the calm mastery of a being whose life is its own and not yours -- and the superior person recognises and appreciates this because he too is a free soul whose position is assured, and whose only law is his own heritage and aesthetic sense.
K.J. Kilton|Hello, Rylan,"Ivy greets me. Even with her transformation, her voice still has that magical quality about it. Her white arms wrap me in a hug, which I return. Throughout the room, I can hear disappointed sighs; the crazy-hot babe is taken.
Robert Wright, Nonzero: The Logic of Human Destiny|This condemnation of technology is ingratitude, that's what it is. Blind alley, though. If someone's ungrateful and you tell him he's ungrateful, okay, you've called him a name. You haven't solved anything.
Haruki Murakami, South of the Border, West of the Sun|Once she called to invite me to a concert of Liszt piano concertos. The soloist was a famous South American pianist. I cleared my schedule and went with her to the concert hall at Ueno Park. The performance was brilliant. The soloist's technique was outstanding, the music both delicate and deep, and the pianist's heated emotions were there for all to feel. Still, even with my eyes closed, the music didn't sweep me away. A thin curtain stood between myself and pianist, and no matter how much I might try, I couldn't get to the other side. When I told Shimamoto this after the concert, she agreed."But what was wrong with the performance?" she asked. "I thought it was wonderful.""Don't you remember?" I said. "The record we used to listen to, at the end of the second movement there was this tiny scratch you could hear. Putchi! Putchi! Somehow, without that scratch, I can't get into the music!"Shimamoto laughed. "I wouldn't exactly call that art appreciation.""This has nothing to do with art. Let a bald vulture eat that up, for all I care. I don't care what anybody says; I like that scratch!""Maybe you're right," she admitted. "But what's this about a bald vulture? Regular vultures I know about--they eat corpses. But bald vultures?"In the train on the way home, I explained the difference in great detail.The difference in where they are born, their call, their mating periods. "The bald vulture lives by devouring art. The regular vulture lives by devouring the corpses of unknown people. They're completely different.""You're a strange one!" She laughed. And there in the train seat, ever so slightly, she moved her shoulder to touch mine. The one and only time in the past two months our bodies touched.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Money represents your time, your energy, your talents, your total personality converted into currency. We usually hold on to it tenaciously, yet it is uncertain in value and we cannot take it into the next world.
Iain M. Banks|We were told that we had to win. Against whom? The atom? Physics? The universe? Victory is not an event for us, but a process.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|But if you come at just any time, I shall never know at what hour my heart is to be ready to greet you.
Christopher Hitchens, Christopher Hitchens and His Critics: Terror, Iraq, and the Left|One gratifying aspect of our rise to some prominence is that, for the first time in my memory, we, ‘our side,’ had captured a crucial word from the enemy . . . ‘Libertarians’ . . . had long been simply a polite word for left-wing anarchists, that is for anti-private property anarchists, either of the communist or syndicalist variety. But now we had taken it over...
Benjamin Franklin|Freedom is not a gift bestowed upon us by other men, but a right that belongs to us by the laws of God and nature.
Melissa C. Walker, Unbreak My Heart|The sea stood up before him, foaming, torn by lightning bolts, opening terrifying mouths that gobbled up the dense, hard black rains unleashed by the sky like hate.
Elie Wiesel, Open Heart|Even in darkness it is possible to create light and encourage compassion. That it is possible to feel free inside a prison. That even in exile, friendship exists and can become an anchor. That one instant before dying, man is still immortal.
Raneem Kayyali|It matters not what my brain knows, but what my heart feels.
Rupert Thomson, The Five Gates of Hell|He'd learned something. Life was booby-trapped and there was no easy passage through. You had to jump from colour to colour, from happiness to happiness. And all those possible explosions in between. It could be all over any time.
Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?|Studies show that aggressively expressing anger doesn't relieve anger but amplifies it. On the other hand, not expressing anger often allows it to disappear without leaving ugly traces.
Steven Pinker, The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined|In allowing the crucifixion to take place, God did the world an incalculable favor. Though infinitely powerful, compassionate, and wise, he could think of no other way to reprieve humanity from punishment for its sins (in particular, for the sin of being descended from a couple who had disobeyed him) than to allow an innocent man (his son no less) to be impaled through the limbs and slowly suffocate in agony. By acknowledging that this sadistic murder was a gift of divine mercy, people could earn eternal life. And if they failed to see the logic in all this, their flesh would be seared by fire for all eternity.
Diane Abbott|For scholarship - if it is to be scholarship - requires, in addition to liberty, that the truth take precedence over all sectarian interests, including self-interest.
Siobhan Davis, Light Of A Thousand Stars|Do you know that I no longer see colors?"Jonas's heart broke.
Greg Dening, Readings/Writings|Reading. The erotics of reading for me -- its moment of trembling pleasure -- lie in those times when I realise that what I am reading is just what I was about to say. It is a moment of jealousy and disappointment, as if the occasion had been stolen from me, but it is a moment of excitement, too -- because I think I would like to try and say it better, because now the monologue in my mind has become dialogue. My immediate impulse is to write something, anything, notes to tell me the significance of what I have read, an appreciative letter to the author, the first sentences in a preface to a book that will never be written. Th archives of my readings are monumentally high. I can never let these erotic moments go. They are the paper trail of my mind.
Henry Knox|Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words, it is war minus the shooting.
Chelsea Cain, Let Me Go|He was one of that class of men who, apart from a scientific career in which they may well have proved brilliantly successful, have acquired an entirely different kind of culture, literary or artistic, for which their professional specialisation has no use but by which their conversation profits.
Kyle Hill|I think some parents now look at a youngster failing as the final thing. It's a process, and failure is part of the process. I would like it if the teacher and the parents would connect more. I think that used to be, but we're losing a little bit of that right now.
Donald Gallinger|The necklace, Marcos,” she said firmly, leveling the gun at his heart once more. “I’ll take it now.” “It’s not here, querida. You waste your time.”Francesca lowered the gun to point at his groin. “Killing you would be too good. Perhaps I will simply have to deprive the female world of your ability to make love ever again. I am quite a good shot, I assure you.” She’d learned out of necessity. And though she never wanted to harm another human being, she had no compunction about making this man think she would do so if it meant she could save Jacques.His voice dropped to a growl. A hateful, angry growl. “You won’t get away with this. Whoever you are, Frankie, I will find you. I will find you and make you wish you’d never met me.”Her heart flipped in her chest. She ignored it. “I already wish that. Now give me the jewel before you lose the ability to ever have children.”Bitterness twisted inside her as she said those words. Ironic to threaten someone with something she would never wish on another soul. But she had to be hard, cold, ruthless – just like he was.He stared at her in impotent fury, his jaw grinding, his beautiful black eyes flashing daggers at her. Very slowly, he reached up with one hand and slipped his bowtie free of its knot. Then he jerked it loose and let it fall.
Seneca, Letters from a Stoic|If you really want to escape the things that harass you, what you’re needing is not to be in a different place but to be a different person.
J.D. Robb, Indulgence in Death|You're aunt's just--what is it--down the hall. You know damn well this place isn't soundproofed.""You'll just have to be quiet." He gave her ribs a deliberate tickle that made her jump and yelp. "Or not.""Didn't I bang you already today, twice this morning?""Darling Eve, you're a pathetic romantic.
Nicole Krauss, The History of Love|So many words get lost. They leave the mouth and lose their courage, wandering aimlessly until they are swept into the gutter like dead leaves.
Johanna Sinisalo, The Core of the Sun|But what's braver?' Emmanuel said. 'Naming the bigots and possibly being killed for it? Or living in silence in order to protect yourself and those you love?' I think bravery had more to do with making the choice and less to do with the choice it self. In that situation, bravery was both living and dying.
Donna Chapman Gilbert, Becky Sue Cooper's Photo Album|I had no eyelashes left. So when I cried, the tears rolled down, unabated to my mouth. My saliva tasted those days, like a salt lake. Or so he said.'('Left from Dhakeshwari')
Nancy Byrd Turner|The Bookshop has a thousand books,All colors, hues, and tinges,And every cover is a doorThat turns on magic hinges.
Alain de Botton, The School of Life|A fundamental truth, is that there is simply no such thing as an inherently boring person or thing. People are only in danger of coming across as such when they either fail to understand their deeper selves or don’t dare or know how to communicate them to others. 
Tetsuko Kuroyanagi, Totto-chan: The Little Girl at the Window|Having eyes, but not seeing beauty; having ears, but not hearing music; having minds, but not perceiving truth; having hearts that are never moved and therefore never set on fire. These are the things to fear, said the headmaster.
Val Uchendu|The items people own reveal something about the owners. Every quaint item that a person selects to surround themselves with has a basic quiddity, the essence, or inherent nature of things. As a people, we assign a value meaning not only to the things that we presently possess, but also to the items destined for one generation to hand down to the next generation.
Kate Sherwood, Head Shy|Chris just watches, but he can't keep his mouth shut for long. "Excellent, everyone is serving me. I'm glad you guys have finally figured out how it should be...now you just need to convince the world.
Elizabeth Jarrett Andrew, On The Threshold: Home, Hardwood, and Holiness|We are contemporary citizens living in a technological world. Swimming in crosscultural waters can be dangerous, and if you are honest you can't stay there very long. Sooner or later you have to look at your own reflection and decide what to do with yourself.We are urban people. We make periodic pilgrimages to the country. . . . If we align ourselves with the spirit of place we will find humility fused with joy.The land holds stories.
Alice Walker, Now Is the Time to Open Your Heart|The savage rushing of the river seemed to be inside her head, inside her body. Even when the oarswomen, their guides, were speaking to her, she had the impression she couldn't quite hear them because of the roar. Not of the river that did indeed roar, just behind them, close to the simple shelter they'd made for her, but because of an internal roar as of the sound of a massive accumulation of words, spoken all at once, but collected over a lifetime, now trying to leave her body. As they rose to her lips, and in response to the question: Do you want to go home? she leaned over a patch of yellow grass near her elbow and threw up. All the words from decades of her life filled her throat. Words she had said or had imagined saying or had swallowed before saying to her father, dead these many years. All the words to her mother. To her husbands. Children. Lovers. The words shouted back at the television set, spreading its virus of mental confusion. Once begun, the retching went on and on. She would stop, gasping for breath, rest a minute, and be off again. Draining her body of precious fluid... Soon, exhausted, she was done. No, she had said weakly, I don't want to go home. I'll be all right now.
Stephen Magnus|When a flower doesn’t bloom, you fix the environment in which it grows, not the flower.
Ambrose Bierce|Grief is an artist of powers as various as the instruments upon which he plays his dirges for the dead, evoking from some the sharpest, shrillest notes, from others the low, grave chords that throb recurrent like the slow beating of a distant drum. Some natures it startles; some it stupefies. To one it comes like the stroke of an arrow, stinging all the sensibilities to a keener life; to another as the blow of a bludgeon, which in crushing benumbs.
Ma Jun|It has been shown that public participation can limit powerful interest groups, while competing interests can help find a reasonable balance between development and environmental protection.
Mohsin Hamid|Sometimes pain is God’s megaphone, his only way to get our attention.
Ani DiFranco|The word 'success' - who's defining it? It's about whether or not it makes me feel good. Four billion people don't have to see or hear it. If I've enjoyed the process of creation and I'm at peace, then what happens next is just entertainment. If mass appeal were actually something, Marilyn Monroe wouldn't be dead.
Susan Orlean|You know, many people have said that I'm on the edge and I'm maverick for some of the big operations that I've done. I'm not at all. I pray; I ask God to give me wisdom, 'Should I do it?', guidance in terms of how to do it, who to consult with. All those kind of things are incredibly important.
Sigmund Freud, Group Psychology and the Analysis of the Ego|As regards intellectual work it remains a fact, indeed, that great decisions in the realm of thought and momentous discoveries and solutions of problems are only possible to an individual, working in solitude.
Daphne du Maurier, Echoes from the Macabre: Selected Stories|Life always bursts the boundaries of formulas. Defeat may prove to have been the only path to resurrection, despite its ugliness. I take it for granted that to create a tree I condemn a seed to rot. If the first act of resistance comes too late it is doomed to defeat. But it is, nevertheless, the awakening of resistance. Life may grow from it as from a seed.
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|[Duration is] the form which the succession of our conscious states assumes when our ego lets itself live, when it refrains from separating its present state from its former state.
Joe Lando|I didn't want to play a lawyer. I didn't want to play a doctor. I didn't want to play a single dad. I wanted to do something I felt I could learn from, something that would be a challenge and something that would not dry up.
John  French|Mathematically speaking, the probable (that in 6,000,000,000 throws with a regular six-sided die the die will come up proximately 1 ,000,000,000 times) and the improbable (that in six throws with the same die the one will come approximately up six times) are not different in kind, but only in frequency, whereby the more frequent appears a priori more probable.But the occasional occurrence of the improbable does not imply the intervention of a higher power, something in the nature of a miracle, as the layman is so ready to assume. The term "probability" includes improbability at the extreme limits of probability, and when the improbable does occur this is no cause for surprise, bewilderment or mystification. Cf. Ernst Mally's Probability and Law, Hans Reichenbach The theory Probability, Whitehead and Russell's Principia Mathematica, von Mises' Probability, Statistics and Truth
Robert  Black|I used to think meditation served the purpose of clearing my mind of dreams. Good and bad, dreams do affect us in our daily mood. Now I wonder if meditation unlocks them, utilizes the wisdom that has been sent to us by our subconscious.
Laura Kreitzer, Key of Pearl|Where are you taking me?” Andrew demanded, whirling on the Ferryman. His muscles tensed, hands curling in and out of fists.“To my master.” The voice was ghostly, whispers of black ash and death, words cold and detached.He had an idea who that was but asked anyway: “And who is your master?”No answer came.Andrew’s insatiable rage rose up and swallowed his grief like a yawning ocean mouth, the darkest depths surging to the surface to form a mighty tidal wave. He closed the distance and seized the Ferryman’s gaunt wrist. There was no substance, no life beneath the cloak. The Ferryman slowly turned his hooded head, and Andrew found himself looking into the black hole of a self-contained night. The olfactory of decay was a punch in the face. Andrew released the Ferryman’s wrist and hastily stepped back, rocking the boat as he put distance between him and the unnatural wind spilling from the gaping orifice. Andrew shivered, the tiny hairs on his neck saluting. The cloaked head faced forward again, and the wind died away.
Alice Walker|The animals of the world exist for their own reasons. They were not made for humans any more than black people were made for white, or women created for men.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, An Intimate Collision: Encounters with Life and Jesus|The cross unerringly exposes this stunningly marvelous and abruptly exquisite declaration that God will not let this single life of mine, with all of its grotesque maladies and pathetic filth pass into oblivion without unflinchingly declaring that my life carries a value worth the expenditure of His. And if I dare look upon the cross, I am utterly perplexed but wholly enraptured by the immensity of such a love as this.
Ernest Holmes|If they want to hang me, let them. And on the scaffold I will shout Freedom for the working class!
Jana Oliver|Wow! It's like magic! she exclaimed.Simon shook his head. "It's God's love. That's stronger than any magic." - The Demon Trapper's Daughter
Santosh Kalwar, A Very First Book Of Poems: Heartbreak|If the world stops spinning, slowing to a crawl. I will continue to dream of you. Until, I no longer dream at all.
Gerald  Mills|She looked at his face and saw a monk and a detective, both beautiful and bizarre.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann|There, Where love lives is Heaven on earth.
Sharon E. Rainey, Making a Pearl from the Grit of Life|She reflected she must be completely besotted with Peter, if his laughter could hallow an aspidistra.
J. Sheridan Le Fanu, Carmilla|Nevertheless, life and death are mysterious states, and we know little of the resources of either.
David Bergen, Stranger: A Novel|Words mean nothing. They are like the husks of the coffee Bean. They cover what is essential, which is the bean itself, and when the husks are discarded, they lie on the road and rot and disappear. Actions are what lie inside, like the bean.
Ashwin Sanghi|The truth will set you free, its the little white lies that'll save your ass.
Bill Vaughan|We learn something every day, and lots of times it's that what we learned the day before was wrong.
Mary Wollstonecraft|I think about that story a lot now. People in a boat, waiting, terrified, while implacable, unsmiling men, irresistibly strong, seize …. Maybe the person next to you, maybe you, and with no warning at all, with time only for a quick intake of air you are pitched into freezing, turbulent water and salt and darkness to drown.
Mark Sherman Smeester|Ethically, with calculitic capitalism, a leader would claim wisdom, when punishment is justified, by showing restraint, & calling it grace, instead of humility, in gratitude of Powers beyond comprehension, such as Fate.
Matt Haig, Reasons to Stay Alive|But the human mind, when it reaches the bottom of the abyss, must bounce back or disintegrate entirely.
Thomas M. Cirignano, The Constant Outsider|Suicide is a form of murder— premeditated murder. It isn’t something you do the first time you think of doing it. It takes some getting used to. And you need the means, the opportunity, the motive. A successful suicide demands good organization and a cool head, both of which are usually incompatible with the suicidal state of mind.It’s important to cultivate detachment. One way to do this is to practice imagining yourself dead, or in the process of dying. If there’s a window, you must imagine your body falling out the window. If there’s a knife, you must imagine the knife piercing your skin. If there’s a train coming, you must imagine your torso flattened under its wheels. These exercises are necessary to achieving the proper distance.The debate was wearing me out. Once you've posed that question, it won't go away. I think many people kill themselves simply to stop the debate about whether they will or they won't. Anything I thought or did was immediately drawn into the debate. Made a stupid remark—why not kill myself? Missed the bus—better put an end to it all. Even the good got in there. I liked that movie—maybe I shouldn’t kill myself.In reality, it was only part of myself I wanted to kill: the part that wanted to kill herself, that dragged me into the suicide debate and made every window, kitchen implement, and subway station a rehearsal for tragedy.
Mira Lyn Kelly, Waking Up Married|How can we trust our loved one, when there is mouthful of lies.....
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|We must take the money out of politics, and end psychopathic, self-destructive government and corporate madness.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Come play with my wild - I need my hair pulled, my lips kissed, your tender caress. I need your savage, I need your gentle. Only you know how to embrace my fire, the secrets I desire. Come play with my wild and I'll love you like there's no tomorrow.
Jack D. Forbes, Columbus and Other Cannibals: The Wetiko Disease of Imperialism, Exploitation and Terrorism|I would suggest that a feminism which does not also seek to alter the exploitation of poorer women is not feminism at all, but is simply a varient for of upper-class politics & self-privileging.
William Howard Taft|Don't write so that you can be understood, write so that you can't be misunderstood.
Anthony Liccione|Simplicity is, as simple as you make it.
Janet Albrechtsen|Today's feminism infantilizes women. If feminism is not about freedom, then what the heck is it for? It just becomes a grievance lobby of victimhood games.
Robert Appelbaum, Working the Aisles: A Life in Consumption|One thing I always admired about Daddy was the way he could bounce back from adversity. From the very beginning of his life, he’d had more than his share of broken dreams and disappointments. He lived through the Depression, a war, a couple of failed businesses and the deaths of two wives, but he always found a way to pick up the pieces and go on. When I’ve hit low points in my own life, I could hear his voice in the back of head saying, “Baby, you’ve got to roll with the punches.
Judy Blume|God has blessed me with an unbelievable talent, with fast feet, fast hands, unbelievable defense and a very, very sharp mind. So I'm thankful for that.
Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook|Big food companies make hot dogs with mechanically separated meat (msm) that, as described matter-of-factly by the [USDA], is "a paste-like and batter-like meat product produced by forcing bones with attached edible meat under high pressure through a sieve or similar device to separate the bone from the edible meat tissue.". I read that and wanted to unread it.
Mansi Laus Deo|There's this quote - "if there's anything I have learnt about life is that IT MOVES ON"let me tell you, these three words are only first half of the story. The other half is these five words - "YOU HAVE TO LET GO"If you continue to cling to your past, how will your life Ever move on. Some effort is required from your end too.
Pablo Neruda, Intimacies: Poems of Love|Amor"So many days, oh so many daysseeing you so tangible and so close,how do I pay, with what do I pay?The bloodthirsty springhas awakened in the woods.The foxes start from their earths,the serpents drink the dew,and I go with you in the leavesbetween the pines and the silence,asking myself how and whenI will have to pay for my luck.Of everything I have seen,it's you I want to go on seeing:of everything I've touched,it's your flesh I want to go on touching.I love your orange laughter.I am moved by the sight of you sleeping.What am I to do, love, loved one?I don't know how others loveor how people loved in the past.I live, watching you, loving you.Being in love is my nature.You please me more each afternoon.Where is she? I keep on askingif your eyes disappear.How long she's taking! I think, and I'm hurt.I feel poor, foolish and sad,and you arrive and you are lightningglancing off the peach trees.That's why I love you and yet not why.There are so many reasons, and yet so few,for love has to be so,involving and general,particular and terrifying,joyful and grieving,flowering like the stars,and measureless as a kiss.That's why I love you and yet not why.There are so many reasons, and yet so few,for love has to be so,involving and general,particular and terrifying,joyful and grieving,flowering like the stars,and measureless as a kiss.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|All at once, something wonderful happened, although at first, it seemed perfectly ordinary. A female goldfinch suddenly hove into view. She lighted weightlessly on the head of a bankside purple thistle and began emptying the seedcase, sowing the air with down.	The lighted frame of my window filled. The down rose and spread in all directions, wafting over the dam’s waterfall and wavering between the tulip trunks and into the meadow. It vaulted towards the orchard in a puff; it hovered over the ripening pawpaw fruit and staggered up the steep faced terrace. It jerked, floated, rolled, veered, swayed. The thistle down faltered down toward the cottage and gusted clear to the woods; it rose and entered the shaggy arms of pecans. At last it strayed like snow, blind and sweet, into the pool of the creek upstream, and into the race of the creek over rocks down. It shuddered onto the tips of growing grasses, where it poised, light, still wracked by errant quivers. I was holding my breath. Is this where we live, I thought, in this place in this moment, with the air so light and wild?	The same fixity that collapses stars and drives the mantis to devour her mate eased these creatures together before my eyes: the thick adept bill of the goldfinch, and the feathery coded down. How could anything be amiss? If I myself were lighter and frayed, I could ride these small winds, too, taking my chances, for the pleasure of being so purely played.	The thistle is part of Adam’s curse. “Cursed is the ground for thy sake, in sorrow shalt thou eat of it; thorns also and thistles shall it bring forth to thee.” A terrible curse: But does the goldfinch eat thorny sorrow with the thistle or do I? If this furling air is fallen, then the fall was happy indeed. If this creekside garden is sorrow, then I seek martyrdom. 	I was weightless; my bones were taut skins blown with buoyant gas; it seemed that if I inhaled too deeply, my shoulders and head would waft off. Alleluia.
Neal Barnard|I wound up getting my degree in sports medicine and nutrition because I wanted to work in the medical field. But I wound up taking a trip to Los Angeles and decided being an actor sounds pretty cool, too.
Lesley  Jones, The Story of Us|Even if they walked away, even if they ran to the other side of the world, even if I thought that I didn’t have a chance in hell, I still want to know that I did everything I could to make it happen.
Arthur Symons|Bob's Words:Nobody knows what tomorrow bringsBy loving, giving, caringAnd sharing todayLets one know that if tomorrowDoes not comeToday is a good day to be the last
Steve Albini|I tried to bake a cake for my mother's birthday - it took me four hours. It was terrible, and I cried for three days.
A.G. Howard, Unhinged|Perhaps a better explanation for why it's so difficult to feel our feelings is that ALL emotion, positive or negative, opens the door to the nature of reality. All of us prefer to avoid pain -- but even more, we want to escape reality.
Kris Kidd, I Can't Feel My Face|In the mirror I stand, an injured deer in headlights, or maybe high beams, judging by the way my eyes water. I measure my wrists with my fingers, and I clutch at my rib cage, fingering it languidly, tracing the rise and fall of sharp bones until my heartbeat slows, and I dream of a faraway ocean.
Russell Eric Dobda|Too many people die early, either tragically or natural death, because they did not treat their lives with any sense of value.
Victor Serge, Conquered City|I remembered Papa talking about Stalin confiscating peasants' land, tools, and animals. He told them what crops they would produce and how much they would be paid. I thought it was ridiculous. How could Stalin simply take something that didn't belong to him, something that a farmer and his family had worked their whole lives for? "That's communism, Lina," Papa had said.
Abraham Lincoln|Those who deny freedom to others deserve it not for themselves, and, under a just God cannot retain it.
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|Never allow anyone or anything to demise or dull your truest identity. Hurtful words and harsh judgments have no impact when your north star, your guiding light, shines from the center of your chest and beats from your own truest heart.
Lauren Oliver, The Spindlers|That was what her parents did not understand—and had never understood—about stories. Liza told herself storied as though she was weaving and knotting an endless rope. Then, no matter how dark or terrible the pit she found herself in, she could pull herself out, inch by inch and hand over hand, on the long rope of stories.
Unarine Ramaru|Great women aren't born great, they become great.
Biju Vasudevan, The Molecular Slaves|But the Seeker, who is of unsure gait, also has unsure traits. The way that he moves is unstable and ungainly. It is also unnatural. No other life form adopted this precarious locomotion method of walking on two legs. Intrinsically off balance at all times, it takes just a small stone or a banana peel to topple him over. It is a mysterious wobbly motion much like that of a bicycle. How easy it is, to throw a cyclist off balance, need not be elaborated. But try throwing a truck off balance? Unsettling the Seeker’s balance is also equally easy. But try throwing a horse or a tiger off balance? Even a child knows that four wheels or, at least, three wheels are more stable than two wheels.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Words that should cross your lips with ease: thank you, love you, sorry, please.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|As a child there's a horror in discovering the limitations of the ones you love. The time you find that your mother cannot keep you safe, that your tutor makes a mistake, that the wrong path must be taken because the grown-ups lack the strength to take the right one...each of those moments is the theft of your childhood, each of them a blow that kills some part of the child you were, leaving another part of the man exposed, a new creature, tougher but tempered with bitterness and disappointment.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Before you think of asking for support from someone for the success your dreams, ask yourself "how much of what I have can I invest?" Help yourself first!
Dave Eggers|I grew up in Los Angeles in a Quaker family, and for me being Quaker was a political calling rather than a religious one.
Bronowski|When Coleridge tried to define beauty, he returned always to one deep thought; beauty, he said, is unity in variety! Science is nothing else than the search to discover unity in the wild variety of nature,—or, more exactly, in the variety of our experience. Poetry, painting, the arts are the same search, in Coleridge’s phrase, for unity in variety.
Kat Graham|Even non-democratic allies no longer trust America. Barack Obama has alienated our most important and longest standing Arab allies, Egypt and Saudi Arabia. Both the anti-Muslim Brotherhood and the anti-Iran Arab states have lost respect for him.
Lynne Graham, Tempestuous Reunion|You should know it yourself- a young man is still a boy, and a boy sometimes has the right to be stubborn.
César Vallejo|and this passion, like bad kerosene, barely burns.
Neil Gaiman, Anansi Boys|They were kissing. Put like that, and you could be forgiven for presuming that this was a normal kiss, all lips and skin and possibly even a little tongue. You'd miss how he smiled, how his eyes glowed. And then, after the kiss was done, how he stood, like a man who had just discovered the art of standing and had figured out how to do it better than anyone else who would ever come along.
Sunday Adelaja|If we want to live consciously, if we want to enjoy our life and not spend it simply completing the task of surviving, each of us must find answers to the questions concerning our destiny
Erik Pevernagie|When illness and old age are no longer indulgent and strength is irrevocably seeping away, brightness fades insidiously away from the light of the day and time only betrays reckless evanescence. (“Into a new life”)
James Lusarde, Naked on the Moon|Oh Moon, sweet, sweet Moon, I want to be naked on you. I want to be like a flower growing on your surface, unique and mysterious, at home in the wonder of you, as if my naked body would be something growing out of your soil, something precious, a lovely gift on your landscape.
Pete Morin|Only a few short years ago, the average stay-at-home mom spent her relaxation time reading Jackie Collins and staring at the pool boy. Now, half of them are outselling Jackie Collins writing porn about the pool boy.The other half are writing reviews of 
Nancy Farmer, The Lord of Opium|Heroes, well, they don't live so long. But they're muy suave, and we all admire them.
Robin R. Meyers, Saving Jesus from the Church: How to Stop Worshiping Christ and Start Following Jesus|Faith is always supposed to make it harder, not easier, to ignore the plight of our sisters and brothers. (p. 165)
shashankbisht|Yer a wizard, Harry!
Abhijit Naskar, Either Civilized or Phobic: A Treatise on Homosexuality|A civilization is built upon the edifice of genuine human minds, not the primitive and deluded minds of barbarian apes, who in most cases read one book of opinions written hundreds or thousands of years ago and think that they have factual answers to all the questions in the world.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|All told, she owned fourteen books, but she saw her story as being made up predominantly of ten of them. Of those ten, six were stolen, one showed up at the kitchen table, two were made for her by a hidden Jew, and one was delivered by a soft, yellow-dressed afternoon.
Brittney Ryan, The Legend of Holly Claus|It's a strange truth that no matter how persuaded we might be of our own correctness, the discomfiting realization that others disagree with us causes a paralyzing inability to argue the case convincingly.
Vivian Amis, I Am: The Key to Manifesting|In anything you set out to do, don't try your best. Do your best.
Lisa See, Snow Flower and the Secret Fan|I drew it over my skin like a violins bow, No one would ever hear the song of my shame.
Ophelia London, Aimee and the Heartthrob|Congratulations, everyone," I announce as I open the door to Noam's study. "You've finally broken Meira, the crazy, orphaned soldier-girl. She's snapped, all thanks to the mention of floral arrangements.
Beyonce Knowles|If you kiss on the first date and it's not right, then there will be no second date. Sometimes it's better to hold out and not kiss for a long time. I am a strong believer in kissing being very intimate, and the minute you kiss, the floodgates open for everything else.
Kyle Vidrine, Wake Up The Winner In You: Your Time Is Now|Dream again, think again, and live again.
William S. Burroughs|All true artists, whether they know it or not, create from a place of no-mind, from inner stillness.
Marshall McLuhan|Middle Age is that perplexing time of life when we hear two voices calling us, one saying, 'Why not?' and the other, 'Why bother?'
Toni Sorenson|The Bible says that to have a friend we must show ourselves friendly. To that, I say, “Amen.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|With all due respect," Christopher muttered, "this conversation is leading nowhere. At least one of you should point out that Beatrix deserves a better man.""That's what I said about my wife," Leo remarked. "Which is why I married her before she could find one.
Sunday Adelaja|Whenever God wants to intervene in the affairs of the earth, he intervenes through light, illumination, knowledge, insight, understanding, wisdom
Liz Becker, Autism and the World According to Matt: A collection of 50 inspirational short stories on raising a moderate / severe mostly non-verbal autistic child from diagnosis to independence|Every parent is an artist, but not every artist is apparent.
Jack Dangermond|I love architecture, but I learned early on that architects just don't make a lot of money.
Lisa Zaran|Sam,” Astrid yelled. “Quick.”Sam thought he was too far gone to respond, but he somehow started his feet moving again and went up to where Little Pete was standing and Astrid kneeling.There was a girl lying in the dirt. Her clothing was a mess, her black hair ratty. She was Asian, pretty without being beautiful, and little more than skin and bones. But the first thing they noticed was that her forearms ended in a solid concrete block.Astrid made a quick sign of the cross and pressed two fingers against the girl’s neck. “Lana,” Astrid cried.Lana sized up the situation quickly. “I don’t see any injuries. I think maybe she’s starving or else sick in some other way.”“What’s she doing out here?” Edilio wondered. “Oh, man, what did someone do to her hands?”“I can’t heal hunger,” Lana said. “I tried it on myself when I was with the pack. Didn’t work.”Edilio untwisted the cap from his water bottle, knelt, and carefully drizzled water across the girl’s cheek so that a few drops curled into her mouth.“Look, she’s swallowing.”Edilio broke a tiny bite from one of the PowerBars and placed it gently into the girl’s mouth. After a second the girl’s mouth began to move, to chew.“There’s a road over there,” Sam said. “I think so, anyway. A dirt road, I think.”“Someone drove by and dumped her here,” Astrid agreed.Sam pointed at the dirt. “You can see how she dragged that block.”“Some sick stuff going on,” Edilio muttered angrily. “Who would do something like this?
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Once you are in power, never forget those who put you there. Deal with those who think they can do better than you and those who think you are god's representative on earth. Deal with each other according to his actions
Karl Marx|From each according to his ability, to each according to his need.
Lionel Shriver, The Mandibles: A Family, 2029–2047|Of course for professional traders on the stock exchange, money had always been imaginary - just as notional, just as easy come and easy go, as the points in a video game. Wage earners like Willing's mother thought money was real. Because the work was real, and the time was real, it seemed inconceivable that what the work and the time had converted into would be gossamer.
Bill Bryson, Made in America: An Informal History of the English Language in the United States|For instance, take the two words "fuming" and "furious." Make up your mind that you will say both words, but leave it unsettled which you will say first. Now open your mouth and speak. If your thoughts incline ever so little towards " fuming," you will say "fuming-furious;" if they turn, by even a hair's breadth, towards "furious," you will say "furious-fuming;" but if you have the rarest of gifts, a perfectly balanced mind, you will say "frumious.
Sunday Adelaja|Be an example of commitment to others, and encourage them to be committed as well.
Max Hawthorne|Don't let writers block push you around. Figure out what the problem is,whether it's with the ms or it's in your personal life, and face it head on. Don't stop writing. Just try really hard to work through it.
Jeff Chain in "Can't Stop Won't Stop A History of the Hip-Hop Generation "|Hip Hop Generation “captures the collective hopes and nightmares, ambitions and failures of those who would otherwise be described as “post-this” or “post-that.” 
Joel Robuchon|I even believe if you're killing a team, you shouldn't stop. You should respect your opponents enough to play 100 percent the whole time. And by the same token, if you're getting killed by the other team, you should never quit.
Jorge Ramos|It's sort of fair to say that Amazons, both as reality and as a dream of equality, have always been with us; it's just that sometimes that fiery Amazon spirit is hidden from view or even suppressed.
Elizabeth Hoyt, Scandalous Desires|Humph.” She peered down suspiciously as he parted the leaves to reveal the choke. “That doesn’t look very tasty.”“That’s because it isn’t,” he said. “Pay heed: the artichoke is a shy vegetable. She covers herself in spine-tipped leaves that must be carefully peeled away, and underneath shields her treasure with a barricade o’ soft needles. They must be tenderly, but firmly, scraped aside. Ye must be bold, for if yer not, she’ll never reveal her soft heart.”He finished cutting away the thistles and placed the small, tender heart on the center of her plate.She wrinkled her nose. “That’s it? But it’s so small.”“Ah, and d’ye judge a thing solely upon size alone?”She made a choking sound.
Alfred Tennyson, Idylls of the King and a Selection of Poems|Though much is taken, much abides; and thoughWe are not now that strength which in old daysMoved earth and heaven, that which we are, we are;One equal temper of heroic hearts,Made weak by time and fate, but strong in willTo strive, to seek, to find, and not to yield.
Al Franken|When I see old movies with women in floor-length dressing gowns, or when they're going to the store and they've got a pillbox hat with a net over the eyes and white gloves, I'm offended that I can't go to the store like that.
Debasish Mridha|Things are not real, but they are the reflection of our imaginations and perceptions.
Anonymous|Whoever treads a path seeking knowledge, Allah will make easy for him the path to Paradise."(reported by Ibn Majah and others, fulfilling the conditions of Imam al Bukhari and Imam Muslim)
A.H. Septimius, Crowns Of Amara: The Return Of The Oracle|Those who looked with revulsion at the oppressive might of her arms, were obliged to marvel at the egalitarian nature of her social programmes.
Sylvia Earle|I am a nationalist, and a Pan-Africanist, first and foremost. I was well grounded in history before ever taking a history course. I did not spend much formal time in school - I had to work.
Ankit Goel|The way you eat defines how you look to yourself, but the way you speak defines how you look to others.
Beyoncé Knowles|I used to want you so bad, I'm so through with that because honestly you turned out to be the best thing I never had!
Moza bint Nasser|The effects of human rights education can be dramatic in awakening people to the value and power of their own lives, as shown in the following stories.
Olivia Wilde|Millions of us, myself included, go back generations in this country, with ancestors who put in the painstaking work to become citizens. So we don't like the notion that anyone might get a free pass to American citizenship.
Anthony T Hincks|When we think of love,we always think of red,but when I think of love,I think of you instead.
Dan Brown|For me growing up, Christmas time was always the most fantastic, exciting time of year, and you'd stay up until three in the morning. You'd hear the parents wrapping in the other room but you knew that also, maybe, they were in collusion with Santa Claus.
Gwenn Wright, Midnight Beneath the Magnolia|You may suppose that perhaps this Walter T. Wallace found his destiny in food and passed down to his progeny a legacy like that of the great Colonel Sanders. The folks here in Wallace County would love to be able to tell you this is so. But no, like their granddaddy, the Wallace men were thievin’ crooks, always with a scheme ready to separate the weak from their hard-earned money.
Carlos Castañeda|Nothing is pending in the world…nothing is finished, yet nothing is unresolved…Everything is filled to the brim.
Ogden Nash|There is no hope even that woman, with her right to vote, will ever purify politics.
Linda McMahon|What the American public thinks is very important to the future of global health. Many people are moved by the idea that there is unnecessary suffering in the world, and we could do a lot to stop it. We have the technologies necessary to stop most of the suffering.
Richie Norton|IT'S TIME TO LEARN YOUR A.B.C.sAlwaysBE CONFIDENTConfidence is a feeling, feel it.AlwaysBE CREATIVECreativity is an ability, enable it.AlwaysBE CURIOUSCuriosity is a desire, desire it.AlwaysBE COMPASSIONATE Compassion is an awareness, be aware.AlwaysBE CHARITABLE Charity is generous, be generous.AlwaysBE CONSIDERATEConsideration is thoughtful, think.AlwaysBE COURTEOUSCourtesy is a mindset, be mindful.AlwaysBE COACHABLECoachability is a willingness, be willing.AlwaysBE COMMITTEDCommitment is purpose, live on purpose.AlwaysBE CARINGCaring is giving, give.
George Zebrowski, Brute Orbits|Anxiously, he touched the lump on his head again, then felt his injured leg, groaning. "The whole affair is a mystery to me," he said. "Who would want to steal anything from me?" "Perhaps a thief...?" ventured Julius.
Zack Love, Stories and Scripts: an Anthology|Maybe the price of forgetting that even in America, even in New York City, when a man from back home is talking, you better listen closely. (Dark City Lights)
Shannon L. Alder|Pour God's love out of you in pitcher fulls, not thimbles.
Jason Versey, A Walk with Prudence|But glad to have sat underThunder and rain with you,And grateful tooFor sunlight on the garden.
Glenwood McNabb|Universal dilemma of the real dog person: You leave the dog home, you worry what will happen to him when you’re out. You take the dog with you, you worry that something will happen to him when he’s alone in the car….The solution, of course, is to keep the dog at your side twenty-four hours a day, every day, but then you worry that your constant presence is making the dog neurotically dependent, and besides, you can’t go anyplace that doesn’t allow dogs, so you can’t go to work or get your hair cut or go to the dentist. And then, of course, you feel guilty because, after all, doesn’t your wonderful dog deserve a better owner than this poverty-stricken, shaggy-headed slob with decayed teeth? Meanwhile, the dog doesn’t worry about anything. Why should he? That’s what he has you for, and for obvious reasons, he trusts you completely.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|When you have indulged a lust, your wing drops off;you become lame, abandoned by a fantasy.…People fancy they are enjoying themselves,but they are really tearing out their wingsfor the sake of an illusion.
Jessica Posner, Find Me Unafraid: Love, Loss, and Hope in an African Slum|People have a courage to die, but don't have a courage to live.
Stephen Richards, Street Warrior: The True Story of the Legendary Malcolm Price, Britain's Hardest Man|Malcolm Price embodies all that is Welsh, aside from the green valleys and male voice choirs. The will to win against insurmountable odds is a penchant of the Welsh, put this with a propensity to never say ‘die’ and that is what makes the Welsh so durable.
Gary Shteyngart, Little Failure|In America, the distance between wanting something and having it delivered to your living room is not terribly great.
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|You are an intriguing combination, half child, half seductress, half angel."I laughed sort and bitterly. "That's what all men like to think about women. Little girls they have to take care of--when I know for a fact it is the male who is more boy than man.
Gigi Hadid|I'm quite sarcastic, and I'm funny, but not kind of funny. It's a weird funny, and some people don't get me, and some people do.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|I cannot read my own words,Lest I shed a tear,For all the aching memories,That I hold so very dear.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Most modern reproducers of life, even including the camera, really repudiate it. We gulp down evil, choke at good.
Jim Butcher, Summer Knight|Karrin."She looked up at me. She looked very young somehow."Remember what I said yesterday," I said. "You're hurt. But you'll get through it. You'll be okay."She closed her eyes tightly. "I'm scared. So scared I'm sick.""You'll get through it.""What if I don't?"I squeezed her fingers. "Then I will personally make fun of you every day for the rest of your life," I said. "I will call you a sissy girl in front of everyone you know, tie frilly aprons on your car, and lurk in the parking lot at CPD and whistle and tell you to shake it, baby. Every. Single. Day."Murphy's breath escaped in something like a hiccup. She opened her eyes, a mix of anger and wary amusement easing into them in place of fear. "You do realize I'm holding a gun, right?
Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel|If anyone can figure out how to balance my celebrity and my dual careers in music and film, it's me. I don't feel frightened; I feel challenged.
Adelaide Crapsey, Verse by Adelaide Crapsey|Pain ebbs, And like cool balm, An opiate weariness Settles on eye-lids, on relaxed Pale wrists.
Ava Gardner, Ava: My Story|Wraith snorted. "Cowards. Seriously. Who brings a gun to a knife fight? That's cheating.""You don't have a gun?" Kynan asked.Wraith made a face of digust. "It's not very sporting to shoot people.""So you're saying that you didn't shoot the people who shot you?""Hell, yeah, I shot them.
Julie James, Something About You|I invited a few people to help celebrate your birthday," Cameron said sheepishly. She threw up her hands. "Surprise.""We sort of come with the package," Collin explained. "Think of it as a collective gift from all of us to you: five bona fide annoying and overly intrusive new best friends.""It's the gift that keeps on giving," Wilkins said.Jack grinned. "I'm touched. Really. And since it appears I'm going to be moving in, let me be the first to say that all of you are always welcome at my and Cameron's house. Subject to a minimum of forty-eight hours prior notification.
Sandra M. Gilbert, Death's Door: Modern Dying and the Ways We Grieve|. . . I understand that I was writing (recording) as well as seeking to right (to rectify) the wrong, and now, as I retell the tale, I realize that ‘I am still at the same subject’ still engaged in the same fearful and fierce activity–writing and seeking to right a mortal wrong. (86-87)
June Jordan|Our work for human dignity is often lonely, and almost always an uphill climb. At times, our efforts are misunderstood, and we are mistaken for the enemy. There has been a clear erosion of respect for U.N. blue and our impartiality.
Maud Hart Lovelace, Betsy and Tacy Go Downtown|Betsy was so full of joy that she had to be alone. She went upstairs to her bedroom and sat down on Uncle Keith's trunk. Behind Tacy's house the sun had set. A wind had sprung up and the trees, their color dimmed, moved under a brooding sky. All the stories she had told Tacy and Tib seemed to be dancing in those trees, along with all the stories she planned to write some day and all the stories she would read at the library. Good stories. Great stories. The classics. Not Rena's novels.
Sarah Alderson, Hunting Lila|He kept his eyes on mine, his gaze unblinking, and I stared right back into the blue. He moved almost imperceptibly and in the space between a heartbeat his lips touched mine.
Sagar Gosavi|The quieter you become, the more you can hear.
Aileene Mhar Jabarani|There are things that you might forget, but you might not clearly forget. Time is the only coin you have to buy the things you want to remember, and to pay for the things you want to leave behind.
James Thurber, Many Moons|You have made the moon," The Jester said. "That is the moon.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Look deeply at yourself, and see in yourself the divine architect's incomprehensible art!
Thomas Pluck|Kurt Cilke liked dogs because they could not conspire. They could not hide hostility, and they were not cunning. They did not lie awake at night planning to rob and murder other dogs. Treachery was beyond their scope.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|Some things become true simply by being spoken. When she said to the little girl “I’m here for you”, the architecture of her mind, her definition of herself, shifted and reconfigured around that statement. She became committed.
Sarah Sundin, A Memory Between Us|She raised her head and saw a squadron of fighter planes. She stretched her hand high as if she could grab hold and climb away from what she had done, from who she was.
Margo Jefferson|To create a new standard, it takes something that's not just a little bit different; it takes something that's really new and really captures people's imagination, and the Macintosh, of all the machines I've ever seen, is the only one that meets that standard.
Mary Oliver, A Thousand Mornings|The way to get a man interested and to hold his interest was to talk about himself, and then gradually lead the conversation around yourself—and keep it there.
George Dawson, Life Is So Good: One Man's Extraordinary Journey through the 20th Century and How he Learned to Read at Age 98|The reason is that you eat too many foods that are high in "calories," which are little units that measure how good a particular food tastes. Fudge, for example, has a great many calories, whereas celery, which is not really a food at all but a member of the plywood family, provided by Mother Nature so that mankind would have a way to get onion dip into his mouth at parties, has none.
Michael E. Gerber, The E-Myth Revisited: Why Most Small Businesses Don't Work and What to Do About It|Contrary to popular belief, my experience has shown me that the people who are exceptionally good in business aren't so because of what they know but because of their insatiable need to know more.
Bernard Tschumi|I never talked about architecture with my father, which I regret.
Shane Claiborne, The Irresistible Revolution: Living as an Ordinary Radical|But what had lasting significance were not the miracles themselves but Jesus' love. Jesus raised his friend Lazarus from the dead, and a few years later, Lazarus died again. Jesus healed the sick, but eventually caught some other disease. He fed the ten thousands, and the next day they were hungry again. But we remember his love. It wasn't that Jesus healed a leper but that he touched a leper, because no one touched lepers.
Steve Turner, Imagine: A Vision for Christians in the Arts|A corollary of this has been that Christians have thought that they should only create art with a Pollyanna quality to it: paintings of birds and kittens, movies that extol family life and end happily, songs that are positive and uplifting – in short, works of art that show a world that is almost unfallen where no one experiences conflict and where sin is naughty rather than wicked.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|I wasn't good at this dating business. If that's what we were doing. I wasn't very good at predating either. I'd say I wasn't good at postdating, but I hadn't yet had an opportunity to prove it.
Tucker Max|I like shows that have some level of intelligence to them. When it's not as predictable, when you don't know what's coming at you.
Debasish Mridha|Your power is in your thoughts not in your physical strength,
Richard Matheson, I Am Legend and Other Stories|Purple,Wonder, majesty, and enchantment doesn'teven begin to cover the feelings that I had the first time that I met you that only grew. The feeling was nameless, but as time went on it developed a name. Eponine, I adore you…~Riley
Stanley Kunitz|...few young poets [are] testing their poems against the ear. They're writing for the page, and the page, let me tell you, is a cold bed.
Ravi Subramanian|As self-driving cars become more common, there will be a flood of new legal questions.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|Let them howl. Let the wolves pant. You have evolved. You were not fashioned to run in a pack, or to be defined by the opinions of those who wish to limit your creativity. Let them howl. Let the wolves pant.
David O. McKay|It can be liberating to get fired because you realize the world doesn't end. There's other ways to make money, better jobs.
Gaston Bachelard, The Poetics of Space|The first thing I did when I got inside was turn on the kitchen light. Then I moved to the table, putting my dad's iPod on the speaker dock, and a Bob Dylan song came on, the notes familiar. I went into the living room, hitting the switch there, then down the hallway to my room, where I did the same. It was amazing what a little noise and brightness could do to a house and a life, how much the smallest bit of each could change everything. After all these years of just passing through, I was beginning to finally feel at home.
Douglas Adams, Mostly Harmless|You live and learn. At any rate, you live.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|What do Chile, Biafra, the boat people, Bologna, or Poland matter? All of that comes to be annihilated on the television screen. We are in the era of events without consequences (and of theories without consequences).
René Descartes|that the grace of fable stirs the mind"...and..."that the perusal of excellent books is, as it were, to interview with the noblest men of past ages
Charlotte Brontë, Shirley|Milton's Eve! Milton's Eve! ... Milton tried to see the first woman; but Cary, he saw her not ... I would beg to remind him that the first men of the earth were Titans, and that Eve was their mother: from her sprang Saturn, Hyperion, Oceanus; she bore Prometheus" --"Pagan that you are! what does that signify?""I say, there were giants on the earth in those days: giants that strove to scale heaven. The first woman's breast that heaved with life on this world yielded the daring which could contend with Omnipotence: the stregth which could bear a thousand years of bondage, -- the vitality which could feed that vulture death through uncounted ages, -- the unexhausted life and uncorrupted excellence, sisters to immortality, which after millenniums of crimes, struggles, and woes, could conceive and bring forth a Messiah. The first woman was heaven-born: vast was the heart whence gushed the well-spring of the blood of nations; and grand the undegenerate head where rested the consort-crown of creation. ...I saw -- I now see -- a woman-Titan: her robe of blue air spreads to the outskirts of the heath, where yonder flock is grazing; a veil white as an avalanche sweeps from hear head to her feet, and arabesques of lighting flame on its borders. Under her breast I see her zone, purple like that horizon: through its blush shines the star of evening. Her steady eyes I cannot picture; they are clear -- they are deep as lakes -- they are lifted and full of worship -- they tremble with the softness of love and the lustre of prayer. Her forehead has the expanse of a cloud, and is paler than the early moon, risen long before dark gathers: she reclines her bosom on the ridge of Stilbro' Moor; her mighty hands are joined beneath it. So kneeling, face to face she speaks with God. That Eve is Jehova's daughter, as Adam was His son.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|War becomes a part of you. It is a feeling just as much as an experience. If you can’t feel it, you weren’t paying attention. And if you weren’t paying attention, you are probably dead anyway.
Kirk Hammett|I actually think that history has fed off the restlessness of cyber space, of kind of the frantic, segmented nature of the way we lead our lives. People want to be connected.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|Heat cannot be separated from fire, or beauty from The Eternal.
Joseph R. Lallo, The Book of Deacon|Many people believe they know true darkness, but until it has been experienced it cannot be imagined. Without even a flicker of light, the mind begins to play tricks. There is a constant feeling that there is a wall before you, that you must stop. The eyes open as wide as they can, hungry for light. The only thing that helps is to shut them tight.
Criss Jami, Healology|Be careful not to appear obsessively intellectual. When intelligence fills up, it overflows a parody.
Cherry_Cola_X, The Bad Boy Stole My Bra|of one hundred movies there's one that is fair, one that's good and ninety eight that are very bad. most movies start badly and steadily get worse
A.C. Ping, Be|In the event of a total loss of direction in life, be sure to sort our your own shit before you start telling people what to do.
Rob Sheffield, Love Is a Mix Tape|Our lives were just beginning, our favorite moment was right now, our favorite songs were unwritten.
David D'escoto, The Little Book of Big Reasons to Homeschool|Children, who once looked to their parents for leadership, now turn to their teachers for knowledge, their peers for wisdom, and their music and televisions for entertainment.
David Halberstam|Guyal of Sfere had been born one apart from his fellows and early proved a source of vexation for his sire. Normal in outward configuration, there existed within his mind a void that ached for nourishment. It was as if a spell had been cast upon his birth, a harassment visited on the child in a spirit of sardonic mockery, so that every occurrence, no matter how trifling, became a source of wonder and amazement. Even as young as four he was expounding such inquiries as: ‘Why do squares have more sides than triangles?’‘How will we see when the sun goes dark?’‘Do flowers grow under the ocean?’‘Do stars hiss and sizzle when rain comes by night?
Philip Pullman, The Golden Compass|If there is a war to be fought, we don’t consider cost one of the factors in deciding whether or not to fight.
Mitt Romney|I thank my dad for leaving me such a wonderful, wonderful heritage.
Anthony T. Hincks|By the time your perfect information has been gathered, the world has moved on.
William Hjortsberg, Falling Angel|I like your eyes when you get mad," I said. "They glow like embers.
Tracy H. Tucker, I Kill Me: Tales of A Jilted Hypochondriac|Do I think a marriage with him would last? I have my doubts. There, I said it. But marraige is always a risk. And so what if it doesn't work? Would that make you absolutely unhappy for the rest of your life? I would hope not.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|Sometimes, challenging a person to do their best is the most kind and compassionate thing you can do for them.
Antoine Fuqua|It is a matter of common knowledge among mystics that the evolutionary career of mankind is indissolubly bound up with the divine hierarchies, who rule the planets and the signs of the Zodiac, and that the passage of the Sun and the planets through the twelve signs of the Zodiac, marks man's progress in time and in space.
Madeleine L'Engle, Walking on Water: Reflections on Faith and Art|And I will close my eyes and prepare myself so that they can unscrew my head and allow the map to slip into my lacunae. So that I can be filled and braced from the inside and fortified for the voyage. Because without my world inside me I will contract and congeal, more even than I am now, without speech and without actions and without any purchase upon time.
Thich Nhat Hanh, Peace Is Every Step: The Path of Mindfulness in Everyday Life|Sometimes you forget how much you love someone, until you realize their smile is like a spotlight shined on your heart.
David Pietrusza, 1920: The Year of the Six Presidents|If there's no hatred in your heart, then your mind won't find fault with others.
Annie Leonard, The Story of Stuff: How Our Obsession with Stuff is Trashing the Planet, Our Communities, and our Health—and a Vision for Change|And in all those escapes he could not help being astonished by the beauty of this land that was not his. He his in its breast, fingered its earth for food, clung to its banks to lap water and tried not to love it. On nights when the sky was personal, weak with the weight of its own stars, he made himself not love it. Its graveyards and its low-lying rivers. Or just a house - solitary under a chinaberry tree; maybe a mule tethered and the light hitting its hide just so. Anything could stir him and he tried hard not to love it.
Naomi Shihab Nye|I love the solitude of reading. I love the deep dive into someone else's story, the delicious ache of a last page.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Creation and Fall Temptation: Two Biblical Studies|We should never argue with the devil about our sins, but we should speak about our sins only with Jesus.
Bill Goldberg|When I was first diagnosed, I went out, as a book person, and got some books on cancer and looked up my version of the disease. It said that I had about a 5 percent chance of survival. I said, 'Gosh, well, it's been a good run.' What I didn't realize is that in the two years since those books were published, things had shifted dramatically.
Nalo Hopkinson|The stories we pretend do not exist, are the stories that will haunt us till the end.
Stephen Covey|No, I did night clubs right here in Los Angeles. My partner, Phil Erickson, put me in the business, a guy from my home town, a dear friend who we just lost a couple of months ago.
John Fowles, The Magus|I was increasingly both horrified and sceptical about these memories - I had no recall of these things at all, though I couldn't imagine why I'd want to make it all up either. It felt as though it had all happened to somebody else, I was not there - it wasn't me - when those people did nasty things.But then, of course, it didn't feel like me, that's the whole point of dissociation - to create distance between the victim and her experience of the abuse. The alters were created for just that purpose: so that I'd not be aware that it happened to me, but rather to "others". The trouble is, in reality it was my body that took the abuse. It was only my mind that was divided, and sooner or later the amnesic barriers were bound to come down.And that's exactly what had begun to happen as I heard their stories. They triggered a vague and growing sense in me that this really is my story.
Seth Shostak|The highest use of capital is not to make more money, but to make money do more for the betterment of life.
Stanley Victor Paskavich|Reading should serve the goal of attaining peace; if it doesn’t make you peaceful, what good is it?
Avinash Advani|If someone gives you tough situation, it's better to make a distance.
Adrienne Vaughan|But I know something else, too: bad people are rare. Good people are everywhere.
Corin Nemec|It really helps to know what success is before you get there, and if you know, then you can head right for it. For some people, it's the most money. For some, it's the most power. For some, it's the most girlfriends. Everybody's got a measure. For me, I guess it's having the respect and admiration of your peers.
John Green|Colder by the hour, more dead with every breath.
Bonnie Blair|Most of us experience a life full of wonderful moments and difficult moments. But for many of us, even when we are most joyful, there is fear behind our joy.
Simone Elkeles, Chain Reaction|The embrace was long and tight, but more like a complex language then a simple prolonged act. She said nothing at all, but damn she said everything. And I finally got it.
Jonathan Safran Foer|When I was a girl, my life was music that was always getting louder. Everything moved me. A dog following a stranger. That made me feel so much. A calendar that showed the wrong month. I could have cried over it. I did. Where the smoke from the chimney ended. How an overturned bottle rested at the edge of a table. I spent my life learning to feel less. Every day I felt less. Is that growing old? Or is it something worse? You cannot protect yourself from sadness without protecting yourself from happiness.
Seth Grahame-Smith|I've always chosen my band members based on their sense of humor. It might sound stupid, but it means not only are they fun to live with on a tour bus for years, but humor implies intelligence.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A star that is determined to shine cannot be hidden, not even by darkness.
George Harrison|what would you call this haircut?"arthur.
Amanda Ripley, The Smartest Kids in the World: And How They Got That Way|PISA was developed by a kind of think tank for the developed world, called the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development, and the scientist at the center of the experiment was Andreas Schleicher.
George R.R. Martin, A Dance with Dragons|Sometimes we're loyal to more than one thing. When there's a conflict, we have to choose which loyalty to honor.
Angela Ricketts, No Man's War: Irreverent Confessions of an Infantry Wife|We all reek of weariness. A room full of the black-soul phenomenon. All of a sudden I don’t feel so alone in the recognition of my own mixed feelings mirrored in those faces. In those faces, I see that the seemingly repugnant behavior wasn’t so atrocious after all. Everything is forgiv- able. Everything we said and did and felt was magnified by the pres- ence of something we couldn’t control, and that fact definitely brought out the crazy. Each of us will carry a balance of regret and pride for the rest of our lives.
Trilby D. Johnson|When I Am Within, I Am Never Without.
A.P. Sweet, dead, but dreaming|She had a new secret, the strenght of the moon, looking at her
Sandesh limbu|Why should an irrational method work when rational methods were all so rotten? He had an intuitive feeling, growing rapidly, that what he had stumbled on was no small gimmick. It went far beyond. How far, he didn’t know.
Christopher McDougall|Vigil couldn't quite put his finger on it, but his gut kept telling him that there was some kind of connection between the capacity to love and the capacity to love running. The engineering was certainly the same: both depended on loosening your grip on your own desires, putting aside what you wanted and appreciating what you got, being patient and forgiving and undemanding.
Susan B. Anthony|There is not a woman born who desires to eat the bread of dependence, no matter whether it be from the hand of father, husband, or brother; for anyone who does so eat her bread places herself in the power of the person from whom she takes it.
Galt Niederhoffer, The Romantics|Listen, the next revolution is gonna be a revolution of ideas.
Roland Merullo, Breakfast with Buddha|He laughed. I had made a joke, apparently. "What difference makes what you believe? What happens will happen anyway, exactly the same, no matter what you believe. What you do makes the important part. What you do.
Blythe Danner|My theory in anything you do is to keep exploring, keep digging deeper to find new stuff.
Mehmet Murat ildan|To empty your mind, walk in the empty streets! Full mind is a tired mind; empty mind is a lively mind!
Jim Lynch, Border Songs|The more Wayne inhabited Edison, the more he wondered how a man cultivates a stubborn streak so pronounced that it transforms a daily barrage of failures into stimulants.
Jenny Han, The Summer I Turned Pretty|He had a nice 				smile. Seeing it, I felt like I’d won a prize, because he was so sparing with them.
Sugar Ray Leonard|I think 'Actions speak louder than words' is one thing, I think, I always took from my mom. And to this day, I think about that in everything I do.
Marty Rubin|Never be content with your work, your relationships, your life. That's the stupid advice philosophers give today.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|Chronic remorse, as all the moralists are agreed, is a most undesirable sentiment. If you have behaved badly, repent, make what amends you can and address yourself to the task of behaving better next time. On no account brood over your wrongdoing. Rolling in the muck is not the best way of getting clean.
C.G. Jung|I myself recently dreamed that a UFO came speeding towards me which turned out to be the lens of a magic lantern whose projected image was myself; this suggested to me that I was the figure, himself deep in meditation, who is produced by a meditating yogi.
Mary Gaitskill|Nobody destroys people - people destroy themselves, and it's very, very sad.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|When we fill our hearts with self-love, we kindle sparks of compassion all around us.
Lactantius|I think there is a complicated side effect to overcoming evil in that we are forever changed by it. I think after we ingest some of the cruelty of the world, it takes years off of our lives, but it also gives us wisdom and a little grace, hopefully a sense of compassion.
Fulton J. Sheen, Life of Christ|The wicked fear the good, because the good are a constant reproach to their consciences. The ungodly like religion in the same way that they like lions, either dead or behind bars; they fear religion when it breaks loose and begins to challenge their consciences.
Atul Gawande|If the teachings of the Protestants in Europe gave birth to the Protestant ethics and the modern civilization, it becomes alarming that most of our charismatic teachings today mainly concentrate on individual aggrandizement
Chirag Tulsiani|Because sometimes people expect more, they expect their desires to be met, they fancy a future built on the pillars of their faith. But love is weak and impermanent and thus when the time comes, the pillars begin to crumble.Then again that doesn’t mean they can’t be built again. They can, they surely can, when the times are favorable and the state of affairs, sound.
Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook|Science only goes so far, then comes God.- Noah Calhoun-
H. Ross Perot|If we can't accept what we don't know, there really is no hope.
Dennis Weaver|There's a lionfish cookbook put out by the Reef Environmental Educational Foundation, and it tells you how to catch them, how to clean them.
Ned Vizzini, It's Kind of a Funny Story|It’s a huge thing, this Shift, just as big as I imagined. My brain doesn’t want to think anymore; all of a sudden it wants to do.
Stephanie Morrill, The Revised Life of Ellie Sweet|I had reclusive tendencies for a reason, I couldn’t be trusted to live in the world and make decisions on my own.
Marty Rubin|It's indifference that breaks hearts, not love.
Marilynne Robinson, Gilead|I think the attempt to defend belief can unsettle it, in fact, because there is always an inadequacy in argument about ultimate things.
Debasish Mridha|I’m surrounding by beautiful sounds, my son singing in his room and a gentle rain. There are so many simple pleasures God gives us we just have to listen for them.
Ingrid Bergman|I said, "I don't think I can give you that kind of emotion." And he [Hitchcock] sat there and said, "Ingrid, fake it!" Well, that was the best advice I've had in my whole life, because in all the years to come there were many directors who gave me what I thought were quite impossible instructions and many difficult things to do, and just when I was on the verge of starting to argue with them, I heard his voice coming to me through the air saying, "Ingrid, fake it!" It saved a lot of unpleasant situations and waste of time.
John Calvin, Golden Booklet of the True Christian Life|The gospel is not a doctrine of the tongue, but of life. It cannot be grasped by reason and memory only, but it is fully understood when it possesses the whole soul and penetrates to the inner recesses of the heart.
Douglas Adams, The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide: Five Complete Novels and One Story|Our defeat was always implicit in the victory of others; our wealth has always generated our poverty by nourishing the prosperity of others - the empires and their native overseers. In the colonial and neocolonial alchemy, gold changes into scrap metal and food into poison.
George Müller, The Autobiography of George Muller|As the outward man is not fit for work for any length of time unless he eats, so is with the inner man. What is the food for the inner man? Not prayer, but the Word of God-not the simple reading of the Word of God, so that it only passes through our minds, just as water runs through a pipe. No, we must consider what we read, ponder over it, and apply it to our hearts.
Rabih Alameddine, An Unnecessary Woman|Can you imagine how lonely she must have felt when she received that phone call? Your lover has just died, your companion has abandoned you, but don't you dare make an inappropriate sound, because your family is around. No one to touch you the way he did, no one to understand you, no one to hug you to sleep, but don't dare allow your face to show a glint of grief. The cutting pain of feeling alone amid loved ones.
Russell Eric Dobda|You can’t control other people’s actions, but you can control who “thinks” they have control over you.
Embee, Tess Embers|I know that feeling when your heart repels your body, not new for me.
Shannon  Mullen, See What Flowers|We are communities in time and in a place, I know, but we are communities in faith as well - and sometimes time can stop shadowing us. Our lives are touched by those who lived centuries ago, and we hope that our lives will mean something to people who won't be alive until centuries from now. It's a great "chain of being," someone once told me, and I think our job is to do the best we can to hold up our small segment of the chain connected, unbroken. Our arms are linked - we try to be neighbors of His, and to speak up for his principles. That's a lifetime's job.
David Gross|The Cemetery of Forgotten Books is a metaphor, not just for books but for ideas, for language, for knowledge, for beauty, for all the things that make us human, for collecting memory.
William F. Buckley Jr., God and Man at Yale: The Superstitions of 'Academic Freedom'|Many such an official, upon winning a foothold in City Hall, thinks only of his own cohorts, and his own gain. So it is not surprising that public affairs grow stagnant. Truly, cannot fathom such minds! I can think of nothing so satisfying as doing public good in as many ways as an official can. Think, for an instant, as to just what a city is. As I said long ago, it is not an array of buildings, parks and fountains. No. A city is a living thing! It is, actually, human;for it is a group of humanity growing up in daily contact; and if officials adopt as a slogan, “all I can do,” and not “all I can grab,” only its suburban boundary can limit its growth.
Alysha Speer, Sharden|So many thoughts ran through my head. Most of them contained the same, simply three words so often strung together that it was too much a classic cheese or cliche to say it, but they still had meaning, no matter how many times they had been repeated.
Isabel Allende|Seated by her side in the narrow cabin, pressing cold compresses to her forehead and holding her while she vomited, he felt profoundly happy....
Mary E. Pearson, The Kiss of Deception|I saw sadness when I looked at what was left of them. The demigods who had once controlled the heavens had been brought low, humbled to the point of death. I always imagined I heart their crumbled masterpieces singing an endless mourning dirge. I turned, looking at the wild grass shivering across the plateau. "I see only reminders that nothing lasts forever, not even greatness.""Some things last."I faced him. "Really? And just what would that be?""The things that matter.
Kaitlyn Dunnett, Kilt at the Highland Games|Murder was apparently too common-place in the big city to attract much notice.	Poor Luther, thought Lucy, as she headed back to the hotel. Even in death he was only a big fish in a small pond.
Jim Thompson, Pop. 1280|The reason everything falls apart around me, but I don’t is because my angels keep me standing up.
Katie MacAlister, Sex and the Single Vampire|Roxy, stop being so obnoxious!" -Joy"I'm never obnoxious; I'm just concerned." -Roxy
Kimberley Griffiths Little, Forbidden|Horeb bent over me and ran his hand down my neck, not stopping when his fingers reached my chest. I jerked backward. "What are you doing?"His eyes were black and intense. "A little taste before the wedding, Jayden?
Dejan Stojanovic, Circling: 1978-1987|He awaits himself while walking, out of the icy circle to escape.
Helen Fielding|I’m going, and don’t you dare try to stop me.”I ran through the door, willing myself to make it downstairs before I started to cry.
Alaric Hutchinson|I am not a victim of circumstance, situation, nor any external condition of life. I am an active participant in the creation of my reality, meaning, I am actively participating in the creation of what I think, what I feel, what I spend my time on, who I spend my time with, what I consume mentally and physically, and all the blessings and contrastive experiences that come my way. Every effect has a cause and every cause has an effect, all of which include me because it is my life to live, my life to use, and my life to enjoy.
Sue Monk Kidd|You always need that spark of imagination. Sometimes I'm midway through a book before it happens. However, I don't wait for the muse to descend, I sit down every day and I work when I'm not delivering lambs on the farm.
Marcel Proust, Within a Budding Grove, Part 2|Had I been less firmly resolved upon settling down definitively to work, I should perhaps have made an effort to begin at once. But since my resolution was explicit, since within twenty-four hours, in the empty frame of the following day where everything was so well-arranged because I myself was not yet in it, my good intention would be realized without difficulty, it was better not to start on an evening when I felt ill-prepared. The following days were not, alas, to prove more propitious. But I was reasonable. It would have been puerile, on the part of one who had waited now for years, not to put up with a postponement of two or three days. Confident that by the day after tomorrow I should have written several pages, I said not a word more to my parents of my decision; I preferred to remain patient and then to bring to a convinced and comforted grandmother a sample of work that was already under way. Unfortunately the next day was not that vast, extraneous expanse of time to which I had feverishly looked forward. When it drew to a close, my laziness and my painful struggle to overcome certain internal obstacles had simply lasted twenty-four hours longer. And at the end of several days, my plans not having matured, I had no longer the same hope that they would be realized at once, and hence no longer the heart to subordinate everything else to their realization: I began once again to keep late hours...
Stephen Moles, The Most Wretched Thing Imaginable or, Beneath the Burnt Umbrella|Anubis is associated with the mummification and protection of the dead for their journeys through Denver International Airport to the afterlife. He is usually portrayed as being half human and half jackal, and holding a metal detector in his hand ... Anubis is employed by the Department of Homeland Security to examine the hearts of all travellers to make sure they have not exceeded the weight limit for psychological baggage ... He is also shown frisking mummies and confiscating firearms and other contraband. It doesn't take much to tip the scales in favour of a dead body cavity search or an afterlifetime travel ban.
Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being|When the heart speaks, the mind finds it indecent to object.
Bernard Cornwell, Death of Kings|Some had hurled spears first. Those spears thumped into our shields, making them unwieldy, but it hardly mattered. The leading Danes tripped on the hidden timbers and the men behind pushed the falling men forward. I kicked one in the face, feeling my iron-reinforced boot crush bone. Danes were sprawling at our feet while others tried to get past their fallen comrades to reach our line, and we were killing. Two men succeeded in reaching us, despite the smoking barricade, and one of those two feel to Wasp-Sting coming up from beneath his shield-rim. He had been swinging an ax that the man behind me caught on his shield and the Dane was still holding the war ax's shaft as I saw his eyes widen, saw the snarl of his mouth turn to agony as I saw his eyes widen, saw the snarl of his mouth turn to agony as I twisted the blade, ripping it upward, and as Cerdic, beside me, chopped his own ax down. The man with the crushed face was holding my ankle and I stabbed at him as the blood spray from Cerdic's ax blinded me. The whimpering man at my feet tried to crawl away, but Finan stabbed his sword into his thigh, then stabbed again. A Dane had hooked up his ax over the top rim of my shield and hauled it down to expose my body to a spear-thrust, but the ax rolled off the circular shield and the spear was deflected upward and I slammed Wasp-Sting forward again, felt her bite, twisted her, and Finan was keening his mad Irish song as he added his own blade to the slaughter. “Keep the shields touching!” I shouted at my men.
Deyth Banger|There’s a good reason for everything, ain’t there?
Sarah Morgan, Sunset in Central Park|One relationship didn't work out, but that doesn't mean relationships never work out. One single experience isn't representative of all of them.
Madeleine L'Engle|Everybody in America is soft, and hates conflict. The cure for this, both in politics and social life, is the same - hardihood. Give them raw truth.
Kim Briggs|Sometimes a night of over-eating leaves you hungry for something you can't name. An emptiness haunted me. An emptiness I didn't have a name for until I met Jeb. Now, I' m starving.
Meghan Daum|I don't understand the whole dating thing. I know right off the bat if I'm interested in someone, and I don't want them to waste their money on me and take me out to eat if I know I'm not interested in that person.
Jerry Seinfeld|Welcome to Lake Wobegon, where all the women are strong, all the men are good-looking, and all the children are above average.
AainaA-Ridtz|A veiled Mind is more enticing than all the nude men lining up the Seine, during Summer.
Toni Sorenson|No one knows your body like you do. Listen to it. It will tell you what to eat, when to drink, how to sleep and which exercises you need to do. Let your own body be your most trusted personal trainer.
Émile Zola, The Masterpiece|Haven't I told you scores of times, that you're always beginners, and the greatest satisfaction was not in being at the top, but in getting there, in the enjoyment you get out of scaling the heights? That's something you don't understand, and can't understand until you've gone through it yourself. You're still at the state of unlimited illusions, when a good, strong pair of legs makes the hardest road look short, and you've such a mighty appetite for glory that the tiniest crumb of success tastes delightfully sweet. You're prepared for a feast, you're going to satisfy your ambition at last, you feel it's within reach and you don't care if you give the skin off your back to get it! And then, the heights are scaled, the summits reached, and you've got to stay there. That's when the torture begins; you've drunk your excitement to the dregs and found it all too short and even rather bitter, and you wonder whether it was really worth the struggle. From that point there is no more unknown to explore, no new sensations to experience. Pride has had its brief portion of celebrity; you know that your best has been given and you're surprised it hasn't brought a keener sense of satisfaction. From that moment the horizon starts to empty of all hopes that once attracted you towards it. There's nothing to look forward to but death. But in spite of that you cling on, you don't want to feel you're played out, you persist in trying to produce something, like old men persist in trying to make love, with painful, humiliating results. ... If only we could have the courage to hang ourselves in front of our last masterpiece!
Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner|Maybe this was my punishment, and perhaps justly so. 'It wasn't meant to be', Khala Jamila had said. Or, maybe, it was meant not to be.
Aldous Huxley|It's a little embarrassing that after 45 years of research & study, the best advice I can give people is to be a little kinder to each other.
Robin Williams|I think when you work really hard and you help others, God helps you get what you want.
Mel Gibson|After hundreds of auditions and nothing, you're sitting home and wondering, 'What am I doing?'
John Ridley|Of course, giving is deeply emotional. But supplementing emotion with research makes it more likely that a gift can have a bigger impact. It's like any investment. After all, you wouldn't put funds into stocks or bonds without understanding the potential return. Why wouldn't you do the same when investing in society?
Jenny Downham, Before I Die|I sit up in bed and watch her fiddle about in the back of my wardrobe. I think she's got a plan. That's what's good about Zoey. She'd better hurry up though, because I'm starting to think of things like carrots. And air. And ducks. And pear trees. Velvet and silk. Lakes. I'm going to miss ice. And the sofa. And the lounge. And the way Cal loves magic tricks. And white things- milk, snow, swans.
Philip K. Dick|Most of the fundamental ideas of science are essentially simple, and may, as a rule, be expressed in a language comprehensible to everyone.
Lee Trevino|Prayer doesn't just change things - it changes us. If we are diligent in seeking God, slowly and surely we become better people.
J. Vernon McGee, Thru the Bible Vol. 38: The Gospels (John 1-10): The Gospels|For waters break forth in the wilderness, and streams in the desert; the burning sand shall become a pool, and the thirsty ground springs of water
Jennifer Morrison|Chinese food tries to engage the mind, not just the palate. To provoke the intellect.
J.P.Ashman|Great! I’m addressing the King of Altoln…about who knows what, but I’m at the centre of it and everyone’s looking at me now, oh for all the gods’ sake Falchion, swallow it down and say something damn you.
Charles M. Schwab|My style is definitely schizophrenic; it does change from day to day a lot. It depends on my mood: sometimes I'll be going through a girly, childlike stage and wear a pretty lace dress with a bow in my hair. Then sometimes I'll be moody and just wear black.
Alin Sav|When heaven invades earth, it's more than a tsunami.
Donald Miller|If you're wonderful in any way somebody will fuck with you. Just like if you're horrible in any way they're gonna fuck with you. The world is for the average and the common. Those are the people who never hurt - they just fall asleep. The rest of us, we're The Walking Wounded.
Frances Wright|[Men] are incomprehensible animals... They walk about boasting of their wisdom, strength, and sovereignty, while they have not sense so much as to swallow an apple with the aid of an Eve to put it down their throats.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|Ignoring isn’t the same as ignorance, you have to work at it.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|To a leader, reputation is an option, but true character is a necessity!
John Green, Looking for Alaska|We do not know what to do with this short life, yet we want another which will be eternal.
Po Bronson, What Should I Do with My Life?: The True Story of People Who Answered the Ultimate Question|Interests evolve into hobbies or volunteer work, which grow into passions. It takes time, more time than anyone imagines.
William MacAskill, Doing Good Better: How Effective Altruism Can Help You Make a Difference|One additional unit of income can do a hundred times as much to the benefit the extreme poor as it can to benefit you or I [earning the typical US wage of $28,000 or ‎£18,000 per year]. [I]t's not often you have two options, one of which is a hundred times better than the other. Imagine a happy hour where you could either buy yourself a beet for $5 or buy someone else a beer for 5¢. If that were the case, we'd probably be pretty generous – next round's on me! But that's effectively the situation we're in all the time. It's like a 99% off sale, or buy one, get ninety-nine free. It might be the most amazing deal you'll see in your life.
Lydia Millet, Oh Pure and Radiant Heart|As we tell stories about the lives of others, we learn how to imagine what another creature might feel in response to various events. At the same time, we identify with the other creature and learn something about ourselves.
Christiaan Barnard|Getting over someone is a grieving process. You mourn the loss of the relationship, and that's only expedited by 'Out of sight, out of mind.' But when you walk outside and see them on a billboard or on TV or on the cover of a magazine, it reopens the wound. It's a high-class problem, but it's real.
Joel Fuhrman|We can choose a future where we export more products and outsource fewer jobs. After a decade that was defined by what we bought and borrowed, we're getting back to basics, and doing what America has always done best: We're making things again.
Munindra Misra, Bhagwat Gita - Its Essence|Like two lost souls, we fall asleep in each other's arms, hoping to find ourselves once again.
Jennifer Donnelly, A Northern Light|What I saw next stopped me dead in my tracks. Books. Not just one or two dozen, but hundreds of them. In crates. In piles on the floor. In bookcases that stretched from floor to ceiling and lined the entire room. I turned around and around in a slow circle, feeling as if I'd just stumbled into Ali Baba's cave. I was breathless, close to tears, and positively dizzy with greed.
Dave Eggers, The Circle|Reality is not what we see on the social media. Reality is something that is kept inside several veils, essentially and preciously hidden from us commoners. Social media is created to make us believe that we can create our own reality - ‘Go Play
Roland Barthes, Mourning Diary|I transform "Work" in its analytic meaning (the Work of Mourning, the Dream-Work) into the real "Work" - of writing.
Frances Mayes, A Year in the World: Journeys of a Passionate Traveller|And my mother, whose radius of travel was short, tied the letters with ribbon and kept them in her desk, When you get the chance, she said to me, "go.
Luther Burbank|Flowers always make people better, happier, and more helpful; they are sunshine, food and medicine to the mind.
Carl Safina, The View from Lazy Point: A Natural Year in an Unnatural World|We are one knot in a great web of being, building out of the vast past and (with luck) continuing billions of years into the future, until the sun dies, the last of its energy reaches Earth, and our local light goes out. The most appropriate response to the world is to realize, with awe, the ferocious mystery of being alive in it. And act accordingly. The worst thing anyone should be able to say about their life is also the greatest thing anyone can say: 'I tried my best.
Wendell Berry, The Hidden Wound|You can have a less chaotic, simpler life working with what you already have and transforming it into what you really need.
Ikechukwu Izuakor, Great Reflections on Success|Don't sell the warmer for an air conditioner just because its summer, for in winter, you will have to do the reverse.
Jody Gehrman, Confessions of a Triple Shot Betty|the greatest men that ever live pass away unknown. they put forth no claims for themselves, establish no schools of systems in their name. they never create or stir but just melt down into love
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Love endures every circumstance; Love never loses hope, never loses faith and never gives up.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You can blow out a candle, but you cannot blow out a star.
Carrie Mae Weems|I've looked after my money. As I started working around my third birthday, my first check went straight to the bank.
Clive Barker|[Horror fiction] shows us that the control we believe we have is purely illusory, and that every moment we teeter on chaos and oblivion.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|At a Chamber of Commerce networking breakfast, two of my friends and I were standing in a circle talking. A stranger approached, interrupted our little reunion, and gave each of us her card. She then began talking about herself and her business without a hint of social awareness, or care about her interruption. She even had the tactless gall to ask us for referrals. When she left our small circle, we looked at each other and laughed, “What was that?
Abigail Roux, Cross & Crown|I have never seen so much male hotness in one place in my entire life,” Rach rasps. “I fucking love America.
Lauren Weisberger, The Devil Wears Prada|BABY BOY, FASHION IS NOT FOR ADVERTISING YOUR FAVE SEX ACTS ON YOUR SHIRT. UNH-UNH, NO IT'S NOT !
Marc Maron, Attempting Normal|If there is one single reason why good people turn evil, it is because they fail to recognize God’s ownership over their kingdom, their vocation, their resources, their abilities, and above all their lives.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|Look back over the past, with its changing empires that rose and fell, and you can foresee the future too.
Nikki Rowe|No, I don't have a ring, but I have my heart and it's all yours.
Tom Holt, The Good, the Bad and the Smug|Evil was defined as the use of power to destroy the spiritual growth of others for the purpose of defending and preserving the integrity of our own sick selves. In short, it is scapegoating. We scapegoat not the strong but the weak. For the evil to so misuse their power, they must have the power to use in the first place. They must have some kind of dominion over their victims. The most common relationship of dominion is that of parent over child. Children are weak, defenseless, and trapped in relation to their parents. They are born in thrall to their parents ... They are simply not free or powerful enough to escape.
Laurell K. Hamilton, The Harlequin|What was he thinking falling in love with her again, opening himself to another world of hurt when she left—knowing she would leave? She was a lawyer, working in the big city, used to fancy things, a fancy life. She didn’t fit in his world anymore.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|We can only continue to promote invention, creativity and success by asking of ourselves, our situations and problems some key questions. What questions are you asking today?
Shaun David Hutchinson, We Are the Ants|I hate Jesse for leaving me behind. If he asked, I would have walked into the air with him.
Plutarch|A mind is not a vessel to be filled, but a fire to be lighted.
Rob Dyrdek|Now, when I hear that Christians are getting together in order to defend the people of Israel, of course it brings joy to my heart. And it simply says, look, people have learned from history.
B.R. Ambedkar, Writings And Speeches: A Ready Reference Manual|India has always had a strange way with her conquerors. In defeat, she beckons them in, then slowly seduces, assimilates and transforms them.
David Foster Wallace, The Broom of the System|That as people age, accumulate more and more private experiences, their sense of history tightens, narrows, becomes more personal? So that to the extent that they remember events of social importance, they remember only for example 'where they were' when such-and-such occurred. Et cetera et cetera. Objective events and data become naturally more and more subjectively colored.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Until you fall in love with positive change, becoming passionate about improving the status quo, you won’t become a leader.
Jess "Chief" Brynjulson|They say life is a highway and we all travel our own roads, some good, some bad, yet each is a blessing of its own.
Kaleb Kilton|We've all got both light and dark inside us. What matters is the part we choose to act on. That's who we really are.” ― J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenixtags: black, choices, harry-potter, inside-us, light, sirius, sirius-black
Ted Hughes, Winter Pollen: Occasional Prose|I think it was Milosz, the Polish poet, who when he lay in a doorway and watched the bullets lifting the cobbles out of the street beside him realised that most poetry is not equipped for life in a world where people actually die. But some is.
Jürgen Habermas, Religion and Rationality: Essays on Reason, God & Modernity|Freedom may never be conceived merely negatively, as the absence of compulsion. Freedom conceived intersubjectively distinguishes itself from the arbitrary freedom of the isolated individual. No one is free until we are all free.
Alfred Korzybski, Manhood of Humanity|Indeed neither life nor science bothers about "essences"-they leave "essences" to metaphysics, which is neither life nor science.
Julia Cameron|In schools with a history of chaos, the teacher who can keep the classroom calm becomes virtually indispensable.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|Tell the truth, but tell it slant.
Beatrix Potter|The invention of the teenager was a mistake. Once you identify a period of life in which people get to stay out late but don't have to pay taxes - naturally, no one wants to live any other way.
Susan Abulhawa, Mornings in Jenin|Stain not the glory of your worthy ancestors, but like them resolve never to part with your birthright; be wise in your deliberations, and determined in your exertions for the preservation of your liberties. Fllow not the dictates of passion, but enlist yourselves under the sacred banner of reason; use every method in your power to secure your rights.
Elmore Leonard|I'm a pretty tenacious person; I get that from my mom. So sometimes, I use dark humor. I can't take myself too seriously.
Deyth Banger|The average sendentary man of our time who is at all suggestible must emerge from this chapter believing that his chances of surviving a combination of instinct, complexes, reflexes, glands, sex, and present-day traffic conditions are about equal to those of a one-legged man trying to get out of a labyrinth.
Elizabeth Blade|They say copying is a form of flattery, I say it's lack of originality.
Immanuel Kant|The purpose of this critique of pure speculative reason consists in the attempt to change the old procedure of metaphysics, and to bring about a complete revolution after the example set by geometers and investigators of nature. This critique is a treatise on the method, not a system of the science itself; but nevertheless it marks out the whole plan of this science, both with regard to its limits and with regard to its inner organization. For it is peculiar to pure speculative reason that it is able, indeed bound, to measure its own powers according to the different ways in which it chooses its objects for thought, and to enumerate exhaustively the different ways of choosing its problems, thus tracing a complete outline of a system of metaphysics. This is due to the fact that, with regard to the first point, nothing can be attributed to objects in *a priori* knowledge, except what the thinking subject takes from within itself; while, with regard to the second point, pure reason, as far as its principles of knowledge are concerned, forms a separate and independent unity, in which, as in an organized body, every member exists for the sake of all the others, and all the others exist for the sake of the one, so that no principle can be safely applied in *one* relation unless it has been carefully examined in *all* its relations to the whole use of pure reason. Hence, too, metaphysics has this singular advantage, an advantage which cannot be shared by any other rational science which has to deal with objects (for *logic* deals only with the form of thought in general), that if by means of this critique it has been set upon the secure course of a science, it can exhaustively grasp the entire field of knowledge pertaining to it, and can thus finish its work and leave it to posterity as a capital that can never be added to, because it has to deal only with principles and with the limitations of their use, as determined by these principles themselves. And this completeness becomes indeed an obligation if metaphysics is to be a fundamental science, of which we must be able to say, *nil actum reputants, si quid superesset agendum* [to think that nothing was done for as long as something remained to be done]." ―from_Critique of Pure Reason_. Preface to the Second Edition. Translated, edited, and with an Introduction by Marcus Weigelt, based on the translation by Max Müller, pp. 21-22
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Give freely to the world these gifts of love and compassion. Do not concern yourself with how much you receive in return, just know in your heart it will be returned.
Renata Bowers, Frieda B. Meets the Man in the Moon|So by keeping her word, Frieda B. made amends. And the two who'd been strangers became best of friends.
James S.A. Corey, Cibola Burn|Everything I am seems to be inside my awareness, rather than my awareness being inside of me.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann, The Seven Deadly Sins|Hatred becomes, within a given time, the hatred of society, then the hatred of the human race, then the hatred of creation.
Paulo Coelho, Manuscript Found in Accra|For those who are not frightened by the solitude, everything will have a different taste.In solitude, they will discover the love that might otherwise arrive unnoticed. In solitude, they will understand and respect the love that left them.In solitude, they will be able to decide whether it is worth asking that lost love to come back or if they should simply let it go and set off along a new path.In solitude, they will learn that saying ‘No’ does not always show a lack of generosity and that saying ‘Yes’ is not always a virtue.And those who are alone at this moment, need never be frightened by the words of the devil: ‘You’re wasting your time.’Or by the chief demon’s even more potent words: ‘No one cares about you.’The Divine Energy is listening to us when we speak to other people, but also when we are still and silent and able to accept solitude as a blessing.And when we achieve that harmony, we receive more than we asked for.
Murray Bartlett|We could only solve our problems by cooperating with other countries. It would have been paradoxical not to cooperate. And therefore we needed to put an end to the Iron Curtain, to change the nature of international relations, to rid them of ideological confrontation, and particularly to end the arms race.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Though you can live for as much as you like, but your longevity is stupidity if you were leading a worthless life.
Carlos Heleno, A Comprehensive Guide to Getting Hired Teaching: Achieve Your Ideal Teaching Position|If we can recognize what makes us unique, and how we can positively impact our students, then we can make teaching much more meaningful and learning much more rewarding—essentially, a transformative experience for our students.
Barbara De Angelis|Nothing in this world is harder than speaking the truth, nothing easier than flattery.
Edwin Lutyens|Inherent in architecture, it involves everything in life so that there is absolutely no end to it. By the time you're seventy or eighty, you're still beginning. So, that's the kind of life I've preferred to being the expert at forty and dead, you know.
Saul D. Alinsky, Rules for Radicals: A Pragmatic Primer for Realistic Radicals|What a pessimist you are!" exclaimed Candide."That is because I know what life is," said Martin.
L.J. Shen, Defy|Matt?”	“Hmm?”	“Kiss me.”	He leaned in and rested his forehead against hers. “Sweetheart, I thought you’d never ask.
Mary-Jean Harris, Aizai the Forgotten|You are one of us, one of those who knows without knowing, and one who will live and die in dreams that blend with this world. No, I am no gypsy, just one who has read a good many books. It is only through reading those great jewels of wisdom that one may see a story in a glint of sunlight, an epic unfold within one’s eyes. There are books all around us. Yet it takes reading a good many books by we mortals to be able to see them.
Akinwande Oluwasegun|a life without dreams, is like a bird without wings
Barbara Brooke|By eroding their sense of shame we've made immorality normal, not only in the world but also in the forbidden squadron. ...their new Christian friends recommended some of the movies Fletcher had been wondering if he should now avoid. I was delighted one of them said, "This is a great movie--only one sex scene, and the f-word's only used a few times." 'Titanic' is one of my favorites. How many Christian young people have watched it in their own homes? Think of it, Squaltaint. Suppose someone in the youth group said to the boys, 'There's an attractive girl down the street. Let's get together and go look through her window and watch her undress and lay back on a couch and pose naked from the waist up. Then this girl and her boyfriend will get in a car and have sex--let's get as close as we can and listen to them and watch the windows steam up.' The strategy would never work. They'd know immediately it was wrong. But you can get them to do exactly the same thing by using a television instead of a window. That's all is takes! Think of it, Squaltaint. Every day Christians across the country, including many squadron leaders, watch women and men undress and commit acts of fornication and adultery the Enemy calls an abomination.We've made them a bunch of voyeurs! Churches full of peeping toms.
Richard Halliburton|Just about a month from now I'm set adrift, with a diploma for a sail and lots of nerve for oars.
Tim O'Brien|What shall I say further? Shall I not stop short and leave to your imaginations to portray the tragic deeds of war? Is it not enough that I here leave it even to unexperience to fancy the hardships, the anxieties, the dangers, even of the best life of a soldier?
Laura Nowlin, If He Had Been with Me|You think you deserve to be sad," he says. There is a moment of silence as we look at each other. "You think it is okay for you to be sad every day. But it's not okay. And you do not deserve it.
Alan Gibbons, The Dark Beneath|Michael [Hutchence] is hands down one of the greatest frontmen in music. The style, the voice—all of it. Any way that I was ever influenced by him really comes down to small, pale imitations compared to the real thing. There is a fearlessness about him. Watching him at Wembley Stadium with 70,000 people, he looks as comfortable as if he were in his own living room.
James     Baldwin, The Fire Next Time|Some well-meaning folks think if we stop talking about racism, it’ll magically disappear, like the smell of an errant fart. But like a fart, people might try to be polite and ignore it, but everyone knows it’s there. Avoidance has never been a great tactic in solving any problem. For most situations in life, not addressing what's going wrong only makes matters worse. It’s like someone breaks your arm, and the person who slammed the baseball bat into it is saying, 'The only reason it won’t heal is because you keep complaining that it hurts.' How about you get me a cast so the bone can set straight again? America does not want to put the effort into providing this cast. This is why we must talk about race, and we must do it openly.
Eric Butterworth|Our decade of change has unleashed the ingenuity, creativity, and character of the most extraordinary people in the world - the people of this state, who come from every corner of the globe.
Marco Pierre White, The Devil in the Kitchen: Sex, Pain, Madness and the Making of a Great Chef|If you are not extreme, then people will take shortcuts because they don't fear you.
Morgan Hawke, Victorious Star|Then she is on me. Her soft, hot body collapses onto my own ravenous frame. She pushes my legs open with her knees and pulls my arms above my head with her hands, holding me a willing hostage. For one long moment we are eye to eye. Her breasts press down into my nipples, goading them but offering no release, and then her lips come crashing down on mine. She kisses me as though she already owns me; exploring my mouth with her tongue, dragging it aggressively from one side of my lips to the other.
Ted Chiang, Stories of Your Life and Others|The prospect of living without interference, living in a world where windfalls and misfortunes were never by design, held no terror for him.
Ian Pattison|Contrary to popular definitions, true tolerance means 'putting up with error' - not 'accepting all views'. We don't tolerate what we enjoy or endorse - say, chocolate, or roses, or Mozart's music. By definition, we tolerate what we don't approve of or what we believe to be false.
Sarah Jessica Parker|To each other, we were as normal and nice as the smell of bread. We were just a family. In a family even exaggerations make perfect sense.
Jennifer Shirk, Fiance by Fate|He held his hand out, palm up, watching her with soft, penetrating eyes, deep, dark eyes that called to her the longer she stared at them. “How ’bout you give me the benefit of the doubt every once in a while, hmm? I’d like a chance to prove I’m not that stupid kid anymore.
Ron Brackin|It used to be said that God could create anything except what would be contrary to the laws of logic. The truth is that we could not say what an "illogical" world would look like.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If those who cause destruction have come to be ‘newsworthy’, and those who heal the devastation of that destruction have come to be less than ‘noteworthy’, has our thirst to be entertained become the truly destructive thing?
Calvin W. Allison, Shadows Over February|Morning dew upon the grass,glistening in the sun.Yesterday’s gone,tomorrow may come,but this day has begun.
Adrian Ross|God always has a plan for you, before you even have a plan for yourself.
|I wonder why some people find it very difficult to follow God. Perhaps, they are waiting for Him to join a social network before they could start to follow Him.
Chinonye J. Chidolue|Your future, hopes and dreams should never be tied down to anybody! The strength lies inside of you to decide at any moment your direction.
Paul Kalanithi, When Breath Becomes Air|Humans are organisms, subject to physical laws, including alas, the one that says entropy always increases. Diseases are molecules misbehaving; the basic requirement of life is metabolism, and death its cessation.
Henry Van Dyke|Life is life, and one has experiences that are painful and some that are very pleasant, and one has reward and sacrifice and more reward and disappointment and joy and happiness, and it's always going to be the same.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Why should i have fake smile on my face ,If my heart and soul suffering in unrest. it's not my duty to entertain you But its my responsibility to be Honest and Original
Nuno Roque|The greatest thing about our times is that you don't need permission to express yourself the way you wish. Sometimes people tell themselves they can't do it, because they're missing this or that, but historically, specialization is a recent convention. Most of us are born natural polymaths.
Matthew Selwyn, ****: The Anatomy of Melancholy|We can’t handle absence anymore, anything is better than the blankness; the quiet of nothingness. People fight to put images of love and hate – both equally nauseating – between themselves and the blank space that surrounds us. It’s the only escape, and yet we feel the pressure of the blankness pressing in against us, forcing the violent display ever closer, forcing us to demand images brighter, more graphic until they scorch our senses badly enough that we no longer feel the void and the images become our reality. But it’s ok. Most people don’t need to fear absence anymore – we’re blinded, permanently. There’s no need to seek out the light show that protects us either; inoculation precedes the sickness now. Sedation isn’t an option, it’s a shared reality. Most people don’t see the beauty of the system, how perfect our salvation is.
Lynda Cheldelin Fell|It’s okay to cry. Giving in to the tears is terrifying,like freefalling to earth without a parachute. But it’s vital to our wellbeing as we process the deep anguish.
Alok Jagawat|It's not enough to have good ideas, you need to master their implementation.Rossi, Luca (2014-06-22). Galactic Energies: Science fiction and fantasy short stories (p. 20). . Kindle Edition.
William Wordsworth|What are kings, when regiment is gone, but perfect shadows in a sunshine day?
Lisa Kleypas|But the Lacedaemonians, who make it their first principle of action to serve their country's interest, know not any thing to be just or unjust by any measure but that.
Dixie Waters|The patterns learned as a child, repeat as an adult. Those with an abusive childhood are very often oh-so blind to this inescapable truth.— André Chevalier
Jonathan Stroud, The Screaming Staircase|Back in the 1800's, Ormsby Island was one of South Carolina's crown jewels. The island was owned by Maxwell Ormsby, a very wealthy man who liked to entertain everyone from heads of state to artists and authors and anyone who knew how to make money in business. An invitation to the island was a declaration that you were someone on the move. Once a year, Ormsby opened the island up to the public and hosted a huge fair. It was the social event of the year in these parts. My family still talks about the days when my great grandmother would take the family out to enjoy the festivities. It must have been some party.
Elizabeth Gaskell, Ruth|The traditions of . . . bygone times, even to the smallest social particular, enable one to understand more clearly the circumstances with contributed to the formation of character. The daily life into which people are born, and into which they are absorbed before they are well aware, forms chains which only one in a hundred has moral strength enough to despise, and to break when the right time comes - when an inward necessity for independent individual action arises, which is superior to all outward conventionalities. Therefore it is well to know what were the chains of daily domestic habit which were the natural leading-strings of our forefathers before they learnt to go alone.
Laura Ruby, Bone Gap|Just thinking about how long it’s been since I’ve managed to wind up covered in blood,” I said. “It’s like a new trend. A blood-free trend.
C.S. Lewis, Miracles|Miracles do not, in fact, break the laws of nature.
Martin Luther|Disappointment is inevitable. But to become discouraged, there's a choice I make. God would never discourage me. He would always point me to himself to trust him. Therefore, my discouragement is from Satan. As you go through the emotions that we have, hostility is not from God, bitterness, unforgiveness, all of these are attacks from Satan.
Debasish Mridha|Oh my friend from future centuries, I am leaving my love and endless good wishes for you. I have no possessions to leave for you. I have a broken pen and a few pages of paper with thoughts that I am leaving for you. Believe in the power of your thoughts, truths of your perceptions, magic of joy in your dreams, and the attraction of your love and purity.
Eric Alterman|When you are a people's movement, you have one thing. Your only asset is people. And you have to deal with real people. Not the people of your imagination. Not the people you wish people would be. But people as they exist actually out there in the real world.
Connie Kerbs|Your true passions will rise you up before the sun, to pick you up where you left off long after the moon went to bed. The joy of these kinds of dreams that beckon will make exciting the most tedious of work, will lighten the heaviest burden, and will focus with laser precision on whatever array of tasks may be at hand.
Daniel J. Rice, This Side of a Wilderness|This was going to be difficult, because he enjoyed women, but all the ones he has known seemed to have been sent as secret assassins on a mission to destroy his pride and ability.
Nikki Rowe|If the road behind me is not growing ever longer, then it is likely that the feet underneath me are not moving any longer. And if my feet are not moving, I have somehow, somewhere traded this most glorious journey for lesser endeavors.
Steve Sanchez, Rethinking Redemption|What I need first of all is not exhortation, but a gospel, not directions for saving myself but knowledge of how God has saved me. Have you any good news? That is the question that I ask of you. I know your exhortations will not help me. But if anything has been done to save me, will you not tell me the facts?
P.D. James, The Private Patient|If it has got four legs and it is not a chair, if it has got two wings and it flies but is not an aeroplane, and if it swims and it is not a submarine, the Cantonese will eat it.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|Sometimes, the best way to help someone is just to be near them.
Leslie Feinberg, Stone Butch Blues|I’m not saying we’ll live to see some sort of paradise. But just fighting for change makes you stronger. Not hoping for anything will kill you for sure. Take a chance, Jess. You’re already wondering if the world could change. Try imagining a world worth living in, and then ask yourself if that isn’t worth fighting for. You’ve come too far to give up on hope, Jess.
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|A little manic was okay. A little manic paid the bills and got him up in the morning, made him magic when he needed it most.
Monica Bellucci|Some people worry that artificial intelligence will make us feel inferior, but then, anybody in his right mind should have an inferiority complex every time he looks at a flower.
Stephen King, The Green Mile, Part 6: Coffey on the Mile|We each owe a death, there are no exceptions, I know that, but sometimes, oh God, the Green Mile is so long.
John Muir, The Wilderness World of John Muir|There is not a fragment in all nature, for every relative fragment of one thing is a full harmonious unit in itself.
Zainab Salbi|But those are just words, and words are just stories, and eventually, always, stories come to an end.
George Carlin, When Will Jesus Bring the Pork Chops?|If no one knows when a person is going to die, how can we say he died prematurely?
Astro|I think everyone goes through chapters in their life and there was a time when I wasn't feeling terribly positive about what I was contributing to film, or wasn't feeling as if I was going in the direction I wanted and I re-evaluated what I was doing.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Half of a Yellow Sun|When you focus on problems, you'll have more Problems. When you focus on possibilities, you'll have more oppertunities.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|A hero is a person who, without a second thought, simply does the right thing because his conscience cannot live with any other choice.
Sue Monk Kidd, The Secret Life of Bees|My mother was a good Catholic -- she went to mass twice a week at St. Mary's in Richmond, but my father was an Orthodox Eclectic.
Eric Topol|Students undergo a conversion in the third year of medical school - not pre-clinical to clinical, but pre-cynical to cynical.
Margaret Mead|No matter what you've done for yourself or for humanity, if you can't look back on having given love and attention to your own family, what have you really accomplished?
Mark Twain|In our age there is no such thing as 'keeping out of politics.' All issues are political issues, and politics itself is a mass of lies, evasions, folly, hatred and schizophrenia.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Males have been groomed since birth, according to the specifications of a sick and perverse society, to become instruments of war.
Louis-Ferdinand Céline|The rich don't have to kill to eat. They employ people, as they call it. The rich don't do evil themselves. They pay. People do all they can to please them, and everybody's happy.
Kay Ryan, The Niagara River|There are high places that don’t invite us, sharp shapes, glacier-scraped faces, whole ranges whose given names slip off. Any such relation as we try to make refuses to take…I’m giddy with thinking where thinking can’t stick.No Names
Susan Abulhawa, Mornings in Jenin|They too, knew this beautiful and harrowing landscape; they'd had the same experience of looking up from their books with fifth-century eyes and finding the world disconcertingly sluggish and alien, as if it were not their home.
William Ernest Henley, Invictus|Out of the night that covers me, Black as the Pit from pole to pole, I thank whatever gods may be For my unconquerable soul.In the fell clutch of circumstance I have not winced nor cried aloud. Under the bludgeonings of chance My head is bloody, but unbowed.Beyond this place of wrath and tears Looms but the Horror of the shade, And yet the menace of the years Finds, and shall find, me unafraid.It matters not how strait the gate, How charged with punishments the scroll, I am the master of my fate: I am the captain of my soul.
Deepak Chopra|Non-judgment quiets the internal dialogue, and this opens once again the doorway to creativity.
M. Basil Pennington, Centering Prayer: Renewing an Ancient Christian Prayer Form|Understanding Scripture in a language other than the heart language in which we think and experience emotion is "like trying to eat soup with a fork. You can get a little taste, but you cannot get nourished.
Elizabeth Taylor|Families are the tie that reminds us of yesterday, provide strength and support today, and give us hope for tomorrow. No government, no matter how well-intentioned, or well-managed, can provide what our families provide.
Phil Kaye, A Light Bulb Symphony|He taught me to be a Da Vinci and I sit here, with his portraits waiting for him to returnI do not think he willIs that what it means to be humanto be all powerful, to build a temple to yourselfand leaveonly the walls to pray
C.J. Cherryh, Fortress of Eagles|But, oh, how precious those things were! To look at the sky, breathe the cold wind, have fingers nipped by chill and skin stung red and heart stirred to life, gods, he had been dead until Tristen arrived and asked him the first vexing question, and posed him the first insoluble puzzle, and marveled at hailstones and mourned over falling leaves. What miracles there were all around....
Marion Woodman|Some breakfast food manufacturer hit upon the simple notion of emptying out the leavings of carthorse nose bags, adding a few other things like unconsumed portions of chicken layer's mash, and the sweepings of racing stables, packing the mixture in little bags and selling them in health food shops.
A.D. Aliwat, Alpha|An important part of being an alpha is to be hateful and calculating, but to appear just inconsiderate. You need to put in effort to get what you want, but people will push back if they think you’re doing something maliciously. If they believe you just don’t know any better, are just kind of a selfish dick and they got in the way of that, rather than thinking they were a target, then you can get away with a lot more, and from then on they either avoid you or accept you as a force of nature.
Mmanti Umoh|If we do not fix education in Africa, we are heading for monumental economic disaster.
Andy Beckett|Thatcher set ordinary people free, but into a landscape that her other policies had already shaped to suit other, more powerful interests, such as large corporations or Britons with inherited wealth.
Kresley Cole, Wicked Deeds on a Winter's Night|Hell of a thing to have to experience, hell of a thing to have to see, to be reminded you're a human being and all it meant to be one.
B.J. Neblett|We are the sum total of our experiences. Those experiences – be they positive or negative – make us the person we are, at any given point in our lives. And, like a flowing river, those same experiences, and those yet to come, continue to influence and reshape the person we are, and the person we become. None of us are the same as we were yesterday, nor will be tomorrow.
Corey Ann Haydu, The Careful Undressing of Love|Successful breastfeeding take courage, resilience, patience, and support and it always has. If your partner or support group hasn't piled on the accolades for your heroism, then let them know you will expect oohs and has when you make it through the first two to three months (no matter how you got there) and your baby is happy and healthy -- because you are awesome!
Yohji Yamamoto|Black is modest and arrogant at the same time. Black is lazy and easy - but mysterious. But above all black says this: "I don’t bother you - don’t bother me".
Sylvester Stallone|I was a good football player, and I had a chance to play with some great players.
Henry James, Washington Square|Mrs. Almond lived much farther up town, in an embryonic street with a high number—a region where the extension of the city began to assume a theoretic air, where poplars grew beside the pavement (when there was one), and mingled their shade with the steep roofs of desultory Dutch houses, and where pigs and chickens disported themselves in the gutter. These elements of rural picturesqueness have now wholly departed from New York street scenery; but they were to be found within the memory of middle-aged persons, in quarters which now would blush to be reminded of them.
Charlie Ebersol|I love acting. It's my playground; it lets me explore. But my happiness in this world, my level of peace, is never going to be dictated by acting. My goal in life is to detach from the egoic mind.
Terry Goodkind, The First Confessor|A Grace connected creating the World of life, and the world of the dead in pathways of magic.
Carsen Taite, Beyond Innocence|If top performer are imbued with the belief that their excellence isn’t a personal accomplishment, but a gift belonging to all of mankind as a demonstration of man’s potential, they’ll go strong and remain so through any event....We celebrate the champion because we recognize that he has overcome personal ambition through sacrifice and dedication to higher principles. The great become legendary when they teach by example. It isn’t what they have, nor what they do, but what they have become that inspires all of mankind, and that’s what we honor in them....The Olympic spirit resides within the hearth of every man and woman. Great athletes can, by example, awaken awareness of that principle in all people.These heroes and their spokesmen have a potentially powerful influence on all of mankind, literally the power to lift the world on their shoulders. The nurturing of excellence and recognition of its value is the responsibility of all men, because the quest for excellence in any area of human endeavor inspires us all toward the actualization of every form of man’s yet unrealized greatness.
Hardwell & Dyro & Bright Lights|You'll never fly, if you're too scared of the height,You'll never live if you're just too scared to die,Everybody wants heaven, I knowBut darling freedom ain't free, it's a long roadYou'll never find your place up there in the skyIf you never say goodbye.
Maureen Brady, Daybreak: Meditations For Women Survivors Of Sexual Abuse|I am empowered by self-knowledge, by ownership of my experiences, and by all aspects of myself.
William Shakespeare, Richard II|Though the last glimpse of Erin with sorrow I see,Yet wherever thou art shall seem Erin to me;In exile thy bosom shall still be my home,And thine eyes make my climate wherever we roam.
S.D. Chrostowska, Permission|Do you ever hide books you've read over and over again because you're so sick of them?''Oh, definitely. When they ask for them, I say the book fairy came to get it. One time they saw one of the books at the library, so now they think the librarians are book fairies.
Albert Ellery Bergh|We read a good novel not in order to know more people, but in order to know fewer. Instead of the humming swarm of human beings, relatives, customers, servants, postmen, afternoon callers, tradesmen, strangers who tell us the time, strangers who remark on the weather, beggars, waiters, and telegraph-boys--instead of this bewildering human swarm which passes us every day, fiction asks us to follow one figure (say the postman) consistently through his ecstasies and agonies. That is what makes one impatient with that type of pessimistic rebel who is always complaining of the narrowness of his life and demanding a larger sphere. Life is too large for us as it is: we have all too many things to attend to. All true romance is an attempt to simplify it, to cut it down to plainer and more pictorial proportions. What dullness there is in our life arises mostly from its rapidity; people pass us too quickly to show us their interesting side. By the end of the week we have talked to a hundred bores; whereas, if we had stuck to one of them, we might have found ourselves talking to a new friend, or a humorist, or a murderer, or a man who had seen a ghost.
Darryl Steven Markowitz, Call Of The Tree|Mom, Dad, I’m fourteen, I see what the world is like. And, no, I did not get this from the psychologist...I came to this understanding on my own, from what I really see in myself and about life.
Sachin Kundalkar, Cobalt Blue|I wonder if I should believe what she says. But when you're not strong in yourself, anyone can tell you anything and you'll fall for it.
Tabby Biddle, Find Your Voice: A Woman's Call to Action|The feminine political voice is personal. It's intimate. It's caregiving and life enhancing. It's about bringing more love, caring and justice into the world. It's also fierce and determined.
Stan The Man SA|You create the action, the chances, the opportunities, the wealth, the happiness, the success, the rhythm, the speed, you control all the outcomes in your life!
Kemal Mujičić Artnam, Zona Zoo|Kretanje je duša svega što drhti.Započinje tako da se prvo dogodi trenutakonima koji žive trenutak,a onda se, onima koji žive vječnost,vječnost nametne kao bolest.
Cameron Dane, Grey's Awakening|I don’t want this,” Sirus uttered, his voice stripped bare.“Me either.” Grey sounded as if he were in agony.Swearing, they flew at each other in a furious kiss.
Deepak Chopra, The Book of Secrets: Unlocking the Hidden Dimensions of Your Life|I think the highest forgiveness is to accept that creation is thoroughly tangled, with every possible quality given outlet for expression. People need to accept once and for all that there is only one life and each of us is free to shape it through the choices we make. Seeking can’t get anyone out of the tangle because everything is tangled up…it’s much easier to keep up the fight between good and evil, holy and profane, us and them. But as awareness grows, these opposites begin to calm down in their clashes, and something else emerges- a world you feel at home in.
Hannah More, Coelebs in Search of a Wife|I call education, not that which smothers a woman with accomplishments, but that which tends to consolidate a firm and regular system of character; that which tends to form a friend, a companion, and a wife. I call education not that which is made up of the shreds and patches of useless arts, but that which inculcates principles, polishes taste, regulates temper, cultivates reason, subdues the passions, directs the feelings, habituates to reflection, trains to self-denial, and, more especially, that which refers all actions, feelings, sentiments, tastes, and passions, to the love and fear of God.
Augustine of Hippo|To exist in this poem [of creation] is a greater gift than any finite creature can imagine. To be so insignificant and yet still be given a speaking part, to be given scenes that are my own, and my own only, scenes where the audience is limited to the Author Himself (scenes that I often flub), to have been here with my frozen nose, to have been crafted with at least as much care as a snowflake (though I'm harder to melt), and to hear and feel and see and taste and smell the heavy poetry of God, that is enough.
H.G. Wells, The Time Machine|The angry men know that this golden age (of fossil fuels) has gone; but they cannot find the words for the constraints they hate. Clutching their copies of Atlas Shrugged, they flail around, accusing those who would impede them of communism, fascism, religiosity, misanthropy, but knowing at heart that these restrictions are driven by something far more repulsive to the unrestrained man: the decencies we owe to other human beings.
P.J. Parker, America Túwaqachi: The Saga of an American Family|We live in a complicated society, Bromley—one that is changing and which does indeed need to change. But do you not think any change must begin within our own family gathering?
Janny Wurts, Warhost of Vastmark|Thank god for Vegas. Seriously.A lobotomy wasn’t as effective as a weekend three hours of Red Bull away (from LA, not Pismo) where I wore the thinnest pinned stilettos, gambled like a sweaty degenerate mobster in black loafers, drank like Amy Winehouse and Charles Bukowski’s baby, and snorted throat-dripping lines of coke in a Hard Rock Hotel bathroom with four new best friends. I’d giddily rub off any one of those from the to-do list I wrote in eyeliner on my hotel bathroom mirror.
Autumn Morning Star|When life places stones in your path, be the water. A persistent drop of water will wear away even the hardest stone.
George R.R. Martin, A Clash of Kings|People often claim to hunger for truth, but seldom like the taste when it's served up.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|I remember all of it, not because I meditate on it. No. I remember it because with each step I make toward my goals, I am reminded of how they said I couldn't do it. The more I achieve, the more they are proved wrong, in my mind. It's like motivation. Attacks on your dreams are never forgotten because they become your fuel.
Leinad Eibam, Published Poet|The greater the pain, the greater the fun.
Njabulo P. Vilakazi|I went back to my cabin and lay down on my berth. Everything trembled as if it had a spring at its very center. I could hear the small waves lap-lapping around the ship. They made an unexpected sound, as if a vessel filled with liquid had been placed on its side and now was slowly emptying out.
Julie Kagawa, Talon|Kissing her in the ocean and feeling my entire world stop. Wishing I could be normal, if only to be with her. Because she hadn't just taught me how to surf and shoot zombies and to scream while plunging down a roller-coaster drop. She had shown me how to live.
Brooke Hayward|I had never confronted my parents with the true feelings I had for them, and I had certainly never expressed the depth of my feeling for my mother, being too selfish to try when I should have.
Joshua Goldberg|Like the far-right that they claim to be so staunchly opposed to, the far-left is based entirely around hate....not only is she a white person who isn’t self-flagellating, but she’s also a woman who doesn’t see herself as a victim of some evil patriarchal conspiracy. To an SJW, that’s heresy: all white people are evil and all women are victims. If a woman doesn’t think that she’s a victim, then she has “internalized misogyny” and she just doesn’t know any better, so she needs SJWs to speak on her behalf. Likewise, if a black person doesn’t tow the SJW line exactly, then they will be immediately labeled an “Uncle Tom” or “house nigger” by the extremely patronizing SJWs who see minorities as nothing more than political props and tools and who view all races as monoliths with intrinsic characteristics .
Byron Nelson|My eyes are different sizes, my nose is too broad at the bridge and squishes up when I laugh, and my lips are sorta funny when I smile.
Kemi Sogunle|Focussing on Karma than on the lessons needed to be learned is setting a trap for "what goes around comes around." Never wish for others what you will not wish for yourself. Do to others as you want done to you. That's what love is about!
Kurt Vonnegut|Youth is impulsive. When our young men grow angry at some real or imaginary wrong, and disfigure their faces with black paint, it denotes that their hearts are black, and that they are often cruel and relentless, and our old men and old women are unable to restrain them. Thus it has ever been.
Pat Conroy, The Lords of Discipline|Happiness is an accident of nature, a beautiful and flawless aberration.
J.D. Salinger, Franny and Zooey|Fine. Okay. I killed her. But I didn’t mean to. And I didn’t kill her, kill her.”“Oh, I see. As long as you didn’t kill her, kill her, then that’s okay.
TRIPURARI|So you find Miss Mercer beautiful?”The buzzing in Spencer’s head formed the words, “’She walks in beauty like the night/Of cloudless climes and starry skies.’”“My God, now you’re quoting poetry.”Had he said that aloud? Bloody hell. Spencer brandished his empty mug at his brother. “I always quote verse when I’m foxed.”“You must be very foxed to quote that idiot Byron. Or very impressed by Miss Mercer’s looks.
Matthew Hughes, Fools Errant|I believe you to be Filidor Vesh," said the dwarf."You are entitled to your beliefs, however ill-founded," Filidor replied. "No doubt you will wish to search further for this Vesh, rather than impose your presence upon a man called hence by urgent affairs."The dwarf transferred his grip from Filidor's mantle to his arm. His gaze swept quickly over the young man's features. "This belief is supported by the evidence, since you answer to a point the description furnished me.""You are plainly the dupe of some prankster, who abuses the dignity of your years by sending you on a fool's errand," said Filidor. "Were I you, I would seek out the rascal and thrash him.
Maggie Stiefvater, Blue Lily, Lily Blue|But I'm not dead," Blue pointed out."BUT YOU ARE PRETTY SHORT.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|God does not comfort us to make us comfortable, but to make us comforters.
Angel F. Mendez Montoya, The Theology of Food: Eating and the Eucharist|Sashimi is velvet dust, verging on silk, or a bit of both, and the extraordinary alchemy of its gossamer essence allows it to preserve a milky density unknown even by clouds.... my cheeks recalled the effects of its profound caress.
Jonathan Heatt|Writing is like a religion to those who don't practise, an act of faith for those who do.
Robert McKee, Story: Substance, Structure, Style, and the Principles of Screenwriting|You ask me why I do not write something.... I think one's feelings waste themselves in words, they ought all to be distilled into actions and into actions which bring results.
Michael Leunig|My favorite thing about 'Saturday Night's Main Event,' it was that one time where I could stay up late with my dad and four brothers, and we would all beat the tar out of each other while the show was on, and it was all okay because my dad was a wrestling fan.
Jeffrey Fry|Many people see themselves as a rose, when all they are is just a prick.
Barbara   Warren, Everlasting Lies|Two years before our arrival at Maplehurst, we had left the Midwest eager for new jobs, milder weather, and a house of our own with a real backyard. We were unprepared for the enormity of our losses. Good friends. Close-knit community. A meaningful connection with the work of our minds and our hands.There was one lost thing, in particular. It was such a natural part of our prewilderness lives that I only ever recognized it after it was gone. In our northern city, we had lived a seasonal rhythm of summer festivals and winter sledding, spring baseball games and autumn apple picking. Our moments and our months were distinguished by the color of the trees, deep red or spring green, and the color of the lake, sparkling and playful in summer, menacing and dull in winter.These things were the beautiful, sometimes harsh, but always rhythmic backdrop in our days. Time was like music. It had a melody. In the wilderness, the only thing that differentiated one season from the next was my terrible winter asthma. Without time's music, I became aimless and disconnected, like a child's lost balloon.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Many a time, we let go of some really good ideas just because we feel they are too controversial.
Tom Magliozzi, Car Talk Science: Mit Wants Its Diplomas Back|The body consists of three parts: the brainium, the borax and the abominable cavity. The brainium contains the brain. The borax contains the heart and lungs and the abominable cavity contains the bowels of which there are five: a, e, i, o, u.
E.B. White|The gentleman does not promote people merely on the basis of their words, nor does he reject words merely because of the person who uttered them.
Julian Huxley, The Individual in the Animal Kingdom|A Greek invention, democracy is highly overrated. For starters, it never worked in Greece. The first philosophers were fascists and, even today, 2,500 years later, the "cradle of Western civilization" remains an incompetent state. Roman emperors and a vengeful, authoritarian God are the true European success stories.
Frederick Buechner, Peculiar Treasures|Matthew lists Rahab as one of the ancestresses of the Lord Jesus Christ (Matthew 1:5), and that may be one reason why there was something about free-wheeling ladies with warm and generous hearts that he was never quite able to resist.
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|Allergy is not all the time bad, Am Allergic to the Holy Spirit, it makes me want more of God.
Drew Myron, Thin Skin|Unless you are silent, you will notknow your urgent heart, how it beatsbetween the thin skin of yes and no.
Nikki Sixx, This Is Gonna Hurt: Music, Photography, And Life Through The Distorted Lens Of Nikki Sixx|Love those who hurt you the most, because they are probably the ones closest to you.They, too, are on a path, and just like you they are learning to walk before they can fly. Imagine of everybody you hurt in life turned their backs on you? You would be playing a hell of a lot of solitaire. Love them no matter what.
Mark Twain, Собрание сочинений в восьми томах|with few apparent connections to Afghanistan as such, but there were no calls to bomb Riyadh (imagine if the hijackers had been Iraqi). Rather, Saudi Arabia is a favoured ally in the 'war against terrorism'. It is obvious that at stake here are US geopolitical interests (discussed further below), more than concerns to prevent future terrorism.
Thalia Chaltas, Because I Am Furniture|There were a few other moves of his father's he could do without as well - the sucker punches, the ruffling of the hair, the way of pronouncing the word son, in a slightly deeper voice. This hearty way of talking was getting worse, as if his father were auditioning for the role of Dad, but without much hope.
Dwayne Johnson|I can't go on Gawker. I actually think the writing is really funny, but there is a chance that somebody is undercutting me.
Randolph Randy Camp, 29 Dimes: A Love Story|I think we're moving at the pace we were set to move in. That, not everyone lives to the same expectations in life and love. And we can only hope that the love we feel is the love we were meant to share. -Angelic Pierce
Debasish Mridha|To find peace, live in the moment with joy.
Shawn Stewart Ruff, Finlater|...you belong here, and it’s time you realize it. No one put a Scarlet A on your chest. This church is for human beings, not saints and angels.
Katie Graykowski, Place Your Betts|Look at what you've done,' Sanguine said, shaking his head with mock severity. 'You have foiled out insidious little plot. You have emerged triumphant and victorious. Curse you, do-gooders. Curse you.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|Thats' Right, Chlo. I want you so Much you make me shake in my f...... pants. I'm obsessed with you with where you are and what to do and who the f... you're with T want to bury myself inside you so deep I won't ever want to pull out.
Victor Hugo, The Hunchback of Notre-Dame|Lend your ear then to this tutti of steeples; diffuse over the whole the buzz of half a million of human beings, the eternal murmur of the river, the infinite piping of the wind, the grave and distant quartet of the four forests placed like immense organs on the four hills of the horizon; soften down, as with a demi-tint, all that is too shrill and too harsh in the central mass of sound, and say if you know any thing in the world more rich, more gladdening, more dazzling than that tumult of bells; than that furnace of music; than those ten thousand brazen tones breathed all at once from flutes of stone three hundred feet high; than that city which is but one orchestra; than that symphony rushing and roaring like a tempest.
Gabriel García Márquez, Ojos de perro azul|Don't open that door," she said. "The hallway is full of difficult dreams." And I asked her: "How do you know?" And she told me: "Because I was there a moment ago and I had to come back when I discovered I was sleeping on my heart.
Esther Earl, This Star Won't Go Out: The Life and Words of Esther Grace Earl|I'm not sure if it was entirely sadness that caused the tears, but there was so much love. And that's all that mattered. Despite the fear, despite the sadness, despite the pain, there was love.
Adam DeVine|I think I'm commercial underground. I'm not commercial in the way that people consider 'pop,' but I'm not underground in the way that people consider that. either. I am just a cool guy.
Noah Hawley|My passion is capturing what it feels like to love, be it romantic or otherwise. I love to watch two people realize what they meant for each other - and that goes across all media, books, TV, movies, personal essays; everything.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|The end is a mystery, therefore think and act well now! Be robust, be focused and run the race with tenacity! When you fall, arise, learn the lessons and use them well! Learn everyday for life is an arena for learning! No one can ever be perfect! When you are speeding, be careful, for excessive speed can sometimes be dangerous, though it can get you to your journey’s end faster, and it can also make you avoid certain attacks! Sometimes the best things come delayed; when there are delays, be patient and wait, for not all things that delay are dead; time will speak with time! When it is going smoothly, watch out never to let comfort lead you astray, for because of comfort, so many people are not who they were truly meant to be, and they are in wrong tracks to an end of no glory! When darkness comes, remember life is about day and night! When day comes, note that darkness puts people to sleep; use the day well then whilst you have it! No day stays forever and no night is ever permanent! Never rejoice because someone falls during the day for you do not know what will happen to you in the night! Serendipity exists, but try your very best to do all you can to ensure that you never faint nor fall, for life is a battle! Stand for what is a must and do what is truly needed to be done! Be vigilant enough never to slumber nor be trapped in another track! Guard your tongue, for no one can hear it until you say it! Mind your actions, for it is the oil that keeps your lamps brighter for a good journey! Mind your mind for it is an engine for life, and a good remote control that controls the entire body to a good or a bad end! Guard your heart, for it is the house of your being! Remember, however in all things that human strength, efforts, wisdom and understanding is always limited! Ask God therefore for that little insight and understanding to get to your journey’s end successfully with a successful story so as to win that awesome praises from His angels! You are here for a purpose! We shall all meet the end, but how we shall meet it is truly a mystery! As you take the journey, mind the end!
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|So--what's it like, being a vampire?""Aline!" Isabelle looked appalled. "You can't just go around asking people what's it like to be a vampire!""I don't see why," Aline said. "He hasn't been a vampire that long, has he? So he must still remember what it was like being a person." She turned back to Simon. "Does blood taste like blood to you? Or does it taste like something else now, like orange juice or something? Because I would think the taste of blood would-""It tastes like chicken," Simon said, just to shut her up."Really?" Aline looked astonished."He's making fun of you, Aline," said Sebastain
Irving Kirsch, The Emperor's New Drugs: Exploding the Antidepressant Myth|The results of decades of neurotransmitter-depletion studies point to one inescapable conclusion: low levels or serotonin, norepinephrine or dopamine do not cause depression. here is how the authors of the most complete meta-analysis of serotonin-depletion studies summarized the data: "Although previously the monoamine systems were considered to be responsible for the development of major depressive disorder (MDD), the available evidence to date does not support a direct causal relationship with MDD. There is no simple direct correlation of serotonin or norepinephrine levels in the brain and mood.' In other words, after a half-century of research, the chemical-imbalance hypothesis as promulgated by the drug companies that manufacture SSRIs and other antidepressants is not only with clear and consistent support, but has been disproved by experimental evidence.
Charlotte Eriksson|You read and write and sing and experience, thinking that one day these things will build the character you admire to live as. You love and lose and bleed best you can, to the extreme, hoping that one day the world will read you like the poem you want to be.
Stephen Richards|There is nothing more blinding than having seen the light, and nothing more tiresome than sharing it.
Christopher Poindexter, Naked Human|It's great that you can listen and be a shoulder to someone, but what about when someone doesn't need a shoulder? What if they need the arms or something like that? You can't just sit there and put everybody's lives ahead of yours and think that counts as love. You just can't. You have to do things.
Harshvardhan Malpani|Even before you start regretting it, it is already in the past.
Hermann Weyl|My work has always tried to unite the True with the Beautiful and when I had to choose one or the other, I usually chose the Beautiful.
Jonathan Safran Foer|I've got to be high class... Which is sad, because I like bars.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|As I've gotten older, I have taught myself to act "normal." I can do it well enough to fool the average person for a whole evening, maybe longer. But it all falls apart if I hear something that elicits a strong emotional reaction from me that is different from what people expect. In an instant, in their eyes, I turn into the sociopathic killer I was believed to be forty years ago.
Hiram Stevens Maxim|When you feel you are badly falling into the emptiness, stick to the reason , stick to the logic; they will reverse the situation!
Roger Vitrac|I thought that there could be no revolt against nature. I accepted the landscape without dreaming that, behind, there still prowled large skeletons without fur. With just one sign, I thought I was able to make them rise up outside their refuges...
Norma Johnston|I felt a splinter of guilt wedge into my heart. Charlotte had hurt me; in return, I'd hurt Rob. Maybe that's what we do to the people we love: take shots in the dark and realize too late we've wounded the people we're trying to protect.
Margo T. Rose, The Words|Your smile breaks my heart,And your laughter burns my skin,And if I had to tell you how I feel,That's where I'd begin.
Theo Raeken|Problem is, though, sooner or later, physical pain, it's... it's manageable. See, real pain is emotional pain. That is the kind of pain that lasts.
Thiruvalluvar, Thirukkural|Even if someone does something that brings bad to you,do something good for them and make them feel shy for what they have done to you
Debasish Mridha|To find the meaning of life, enjoy the journey, the beauty of the nature, the glint of a dew drop, the warmth of the morning sun, the songs of the wind, and smiles of flowers. These are all there to make your journey worthwhile and make your life meaningful.
Israelmore Ayivor|Contrary to popular opinion, leadership is not a reserved position for a particular group of people who were elected or appointed, ordained or enthroned. Leadership is self-made, self-retained, self-inculcated and then exposed through a faithful, sincere and examplary life.
Yuuki Obata|Before meeting you, I didn't know what it was like to feel lonely. I never even considered myself to be alone. That's because when you feel lonely, it means that there is someone for you to miss.
Barbara Kingsolver|People love to read about sins and errors, but not their own.
Michala Wrong, In the footsteps of Mr Kurtz|No man is a caricature, no individual can alone bear responibilty for a nation's collapse. The disaster Zaire became, the dull acquiescence of its people, had its roots in a history of extraordinary outside interference, as basic in motivation as it was elevated in rhetoric. The momentum behind Zaire's free-fall was generated not by one man but thousands of compliant collaborators, at home and abroad.
Drake|The smallest flower is a thought, a life answering to some feature of the Great Whole, of whom they have a persistent intuition.
Marcy Ferro|He's been living on the fringes of art for so many years, talking and talking about it, that he's come to expect all the prerogatives of being an artist without ever doing the work. I mean he's an art bum...
Kathleen Raine|Things it helps me to rememberWhen in a bad mood, keep quiet or still.Baggy jumpers don’t suit you.When you’re tired you get doubtful.Difficulties come in spurts.Listen to the echo of your own voice. Avoid be strident.All aeroplanes go through clouds during their journeys. So do people during theirs.Often greater clarity comes out of confusion. You have to be puzzled before you find a solution.PMS often brings on a crisis of confidence.Ordinariness is restful.If someone is explosive in front of you, be silent. If you feel explosive, be silent.
Sheilah Graham, College of One|The best that any education can do is to add understanding of the past and present, to gird one for the future, to sharpen the intelligence, to enable one to evaluate whatever comes along, to listen, to learn, to question, to be interested in what is going on, to be involved, to believe “this concerns me,” above all to keep the mind alive. This is what I believe Scott Fitzgerald did for me in his College of One.
Clarissa Pinkola Estes|It is true that integrity alone won't make you a leader, but without integrity you will never be one.
George Pataki|Medical research is needed, and I just saw there was a need for help that the government - state or federal - was not spending the taxpayers' money on helping people get through college.
Adam Silvera, History Is All You Left Me|Then there’s the kind of zombie I’ve become now: the one who has lost everything—his brain, his heart, his light, his direction. He wanders the world, bumping into this, tripping over that, but keeps going and going. That is life after death.
Isabelle Guzman|Standing at the edge of timeAlmost falling down to the dark abyssAs I near the end of mineI reminisce the things I will missThe smiles and laughterRunning around without a careThe time when my grin will never falterBeing so free, willing my soul to bareHeartaches, heartbreaks and tearsNow I know better and to myself I will never lieBecause in woe, I learned to love and never fearThose were the best and worst moments of my lifeAs the memories rush back to meI look down and now I feel relievedBecause when it is timeEverything will be fine when I leave
Connie Kingrey Anderson, Toadies|...in the middle of the field, Harry suddenly stopped and looked back. Mr. Chad was all alone in the creepy woods. He could take care of himself...couldn't he? Of course he could, he was a teacher.
Jenny White, The Sultan's Seal|Gerdanlouk, he thinks. An evocative Turkish word, with Arabic roots. It means jewelry, but only jewelry adorning a woman between her lower neck and the top of her breasts. Gerdanlouk. He looks away.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you want it, work for it.
Bella Pollen, Midnight Cactus|It's American to be from somewhere else, and it's American to go from East to West. It's American to seek your fortune someplace other than where you are, or to be escaping something...
Lance Armstrong, It's Not About the Bike: My Journey Back to Life|Pain is temporary. It may last a minute, or an hour, or a day, or a year, but eventually it will subside and something else will take its place. If I quit, however, it lasts forever. That surrender, even the smallest act of giving up, stays with me. So when I feel like quitting, I ask myself, which would I rather live with?
Noam Chomsky, Necessary Illusions: Thought Control in Democratic Societies|Sometimes people feel they need to control everything, as if they could! Matters of life and death are out of your hands. The more you come to realize this, the harder you try to prove that you can control SOMETHING, anything. All you can really control is your response to what happens. You cannot control matters of life or death and because of this you are not accountable. You cannot be held liable for anything that you have no power over. Guilt, shame and blame make no sense when circumstances are beyond your control.
Mensah Oteh|Your purpose is the gateway to your success; it identifies your gift and reveals your passion, potential, ability and ultimately what you will excel in.
George Weah|Education alone can conduct us to that enjoyment which is, at once, best in quality and infinite in quantity.
Kristen Ashley, The Will|Whereas once medieval Europe had adhered to a common Catholic religion, a common Latin language, and common well-spiced cuisine (at least, for the elite), the balkanization of the Christian world along national lines now meant that nations could no longer gather around the same table as easily as before. Even though it would take some years, the Europe-wide fashion for spices-as much as Latin-would be a casualty of Martin Luther's squabble with the bishop of Rome.
Keith Aaron Gilbert|Tar had a reason, plenty of reasons. The latest were painted on his face, too.
Andrew Smith|Crazy must run in your family,” he says.“You do know Fia!” I blurt, then bite my lip.
Harper Lee, Go Set a Watchman|Something is wrong with me, it's something about me. it has to be me because all those people cannot have changed.
Clive Barker, The Thief of Always|Wherever I go, I will speak of you with love.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Tactical use of the media can be equated to power behind your skill or special ability. It is in the power of the media to help market your brand. You just need to look at Hollywood, European football, Bollywood, Nollywood, Global fashion & modeling, showbiz and even humanitarian efforts, to appreciate that the making and destroying of stars, initiatives and legends is to a greater extent influenced by the role played by the media.
Tom Rachman, The Imperfectionists|But newspapers have a duty to truth,' Van said.Lev clucked his tongue. 'They tell the truth only as the exception. Zola wrote that the mendacity of the press could be divided into two groups: the yellow press lies every day without hesitating. But others, like the Times, speak the truth on all inconsequential occasions, so they can deceive the public with the requisite authority when it becomes necessary.'Van got up from his chair to gather the cast-off newspapers. Lev took off his glasses and rubbed his eyes. 'I don't mean to offend the journalists; they aren't any different from other people. They're merely the megaphones of the other people.
Matthew Woodring Stover|Because I'm on the phone, Mom!""Fooling around with your friends again! Who is that?""Ahmadinejad.""Oh, my goodness! What is he saying?""That he wants to see Jeezy at the Beacon tonight. Putin's going too. He scalped a ticket from Kim Jong Il. All tha gangstas are going.""Don't be so fresh, young man!""Gotta go," he says to me. "Enemy forces have dropped a Momshell.""Fall back, solider. Over and out.
Carl Schmitt, Land and Sea: A World-Historical Meditation|You have made a heaven across the impassable sky, but the planet Earth where you live have made her worse than hell. Are you humans stupid?
Lev Grossman, The Magicians|She had not been conferred with a practical sense of how one went about this strange and all inverted business of being a girl, where seemingly natural stuff like going on about all the great things you just learned about Siberian tigers on National Geographic was suddenly weird, but totally weird stuff in and of itself like drawing around your eyeball with a pencil became normal, and it impressed to no end that it was a product of meticulous effort that made the twins seem so perfectly and effortlessly feminine.
Edward Mooney, Jr.|To reach a child's mind, first reach a child's heart.
Jinat Rehana Begum, First Fires|It was a tried and tested remedy. Go home, take two Panadols and fall into a deep dreamless slumber. The next morning awake in a hazy stupor, go through the daily routine and as soon as all obligations are met and affected parties satisfied, repeat procedure with Panadol. Continue routine for several days, months if necessary… it all depended on the magnitude of the cut.
Katie Hess, Flowerevolution: Blooming into Your Full Potential with the Magic of Flowers|Put love in everything you do. If you can't, then maybe you shouldn't do.
Jodi Picoult, The Pact|If you live in each other's pockets long enough, you're related.
Tad Williams, Stone of Farewell|It was strange how the future seemed tied inseparably to the past, so that both revolved through the present, like a great wheel...
Kelly Moran, Puppy Love|The 'humanity' that we bear is stuck in dividing grades. The affinity, the warmth in our hearts has turned partial accordingly.
Jonathan Clements, Darwin's Notebook: The Life, Times, and Discoveries of Charles Robert Darwin|In what appears to have been an unplanned quip, Wilberforce asked Huxley if he thought he was descended from an ape on his father's or mother's side. Huxley retorted that he would rather have simian relatives than claim kinship with a man who used his charisma and authority to quash free debate.
Emmanuel Jal|Music is about communication... it isn't just something that maybe physically sounds good or orally sounds interesting; it's something far, far deeper than that.
Dan Groat, Monarchs and Mendicants|Reading had always been, through bad, boring, or better times, his best connection to humans.
Mrs. Oliphant, The Rector|When no one is watching Mother Earth, and most of the time no one is, she sings softly to herself. Certainly no one is watching after her, to the point where she's now calling herself M. Earth, using her first initial only, like the early women writers who did not want their work to be automatically dismissed because of their gender disadvantage. Though she is grand, M. Earth is feeling, perhaps, overly feminine, and therefore vulnerable. Don't even mention the word Gaia; it's such a projection! She thinks she could benefit from a more macho profile, a little kick-ass to make her point. Perhaps a little masculine detachment would be helpful, or a thicker skin. Because, frankly, she's been trampled, poisoned, stripped bare, robbed blind, and blamed for just about everything that's come down the pike. And like all mothers, everyone just assumes she'll always be there for them with open, loving arms, and a cup of hot cocoa. That it will be her pleasure to feed them, lick their wounds, and clean a load or two of their dirty laundry. She's looking for a little more respect.
Isaiah 54 17 KJV|This is an extremely difficult matter for modern readers of the gospels to grasp, but Luke never meant for his story about Jesus's birth at Bethlehem to be understood as historical fact. Luke would have had no idea what we in the modern world even mean when we say the word "history." The notion of history as a critical analysis of observable and verifiable events in the past is a product of the modern age; it would have been an altogether foreign concept to the gospel writers for whom history was not a matter of uncovering facts, but of revealing truths.
Lois Lowry, A Summer to Die|When things become insurmountable, some people quit, some keep goingfor no other reason than to continue. Because that’s all there is to do.
Blake Crouch, Dark Matter|I stare down into her eyes, smoky and glistening in the light stealing through the window. Eyes you can fall into and keep falling.She isn't the mother of my son, she isn't my wife, we haven't made a life together, but I love her all the same, and not jsut the version of Daniela that exists in my head, in my history. I love the physical woman underneath me in this bed here and now, wherever this is, because it's the same arrangement of matter--same eyes, same voice, same smell, same taste...It isn't married-people lovemaking that follows. We have fumbling, groping, backseat-of-the-car, unprotected-because-who-gives-a-fuck, protons-smashing-together sex.
George Pataki|Man has a limited biological capacity for change. When this capacity is overwhelmed, the capacity is in future shock.
Martin Suarez|We must give our children back their ability to see the divine; we must help them to return to their original innocence where they saw God everywhere they look. They saw the divine in the flowers and the insects of the world, they saw God in the animals and the clouds, and we have stolen that ability from them, give it back to them! Tell them they do not have to wait for an afterlife to experience the divine, because the divine is here with us, within each of us and all around us. Can’t you see?
Stone Cold Steve Austin|I live to leave somebody with a positive experience when they've met me, and make someone smile for the day.
T.S. Eliot|You Are Not the Same as Yesterday You Were".
Thomas C. Oden, Corrective Love: The Power of Communion Discipline|The moment of confession is not merely when one hears another pronounce the words: God forgives you, or 'in God's name I absolve you.' Rather it is that point at which the sinner unfeignedly experiences himself as truly judged and pardoned by God.
Dick Thornburgh|If the Republicans will stop telling lies about the Democrats, we will stop telling the truth about them.
Orson Scott Card, Children of the Mind|Someday stars will wind down or blow up. Someday death will cover us all like the water of a lake and perhaps nothing will ever come to the surface to show that we were ever there. But we WERE there, and during the time we lived, we were alive. That's the truth - what is, what was, what will be - not what could be, what should have been, what never can be.
C. JoyBell C.|All people want to belong to some sort of hierarchy. Allow me to explain. The rich want to be the richest; the poor want to be the smartest; those who are both rich and smart want to be the better persons; the better persons want to go to heaven; those who are in heaven will look down upon those who are in hell... there is always some kind of hierarchy desired by everyone; even by those who claim the opposite of this. So how do you find true divinity? Divinity is found in those who reach down low; because it is those who are above who must reach down low, while it is those who are below who must constantly reach for what is above! And this is divinity. What is divine, is what will have a curiosity in what is below. There is no fear of becoming "tainted"; because what is lesser can never really taint what is greater. it is what is greater than is able to transform what is lesser. The alchemist must first find the mud, pick it up, before she is able to transform it into diamond.
Johnny Mathis|My mom loved my Christmas music, so I did an awful lot of it!
Thomas Merton, Gandhi On Non-Violence|The cause of liberty becomes a mockery if the price to be paid is the wholesale destruction of those who are to enjoy liberty. Ghandi, quoted in Merton, p. 68
Lailah Gifty Akita|To learn, we must first listen.
Brennan Manning, All Is Grace: A Ragamuffin Memoir|But if I've learned anything about the world of grace, it's that failure is always a chance for a do-over.
Jeanine Basinger, I Do and I Don't: A History of Marriage in the Movies|At this point, [Tuco and Pablo] start scrapping like children, while Blondie looks secretly on. 'Please forgive me, brother', says the thoroughly ashamed Padre Ramirez. Tuco walks out, without turning back, then boastfully tells Blondie: 'My brother, he's crazy about me... even a tramp like me. No matter what happens, there'll always be a bowl of soup'. Blondie replies: 'Well, after a meal, there's nothing like a good cigar'. Tuco wipes away his tears and proceeds to eat the cigar, a broad grin returning to his face.
Martin Luther|I cannot choose but adhere to the word of God, which has possession of my conscience; nor can I possibly, nor will I even make any recantation, since it is neither safe nor honest to act contrary to conscience! Here I stand; I cannot do otherwise, so help me God! Amen.
Jack Kornfield, A Path with Heart: A Guide Through the Perils and Promises of Spiritual Life|No amount of meditation, yoga, diet, and reflection will make all of our problems go away, but we can transform our difficulties into our practice until little by little they guide us on our way.
Gary Snyder|Will be but corpses dressed in frocks, who cannot speak to birds or rocks.
Edward S. Greenberg, The Struggle for Democracy|When you are the only laowai in a village of 10,000 Chinese martial artists and you've sat through several dozen films where a white man shouts, "You Chinese dog," before getting his ass kicked, it starts to irritate you. We all need role models.
Marty Rubin|Because we are invited to be part of God's new creation now, we seek to embody the identity we have been given in Christ. . . . We engage in mission to establish friendships that lead to the formation of a new people in the world.
Jon Stewart, America (The Book): A Citizen's Guide to Democracy Inaction|...our children must learn...to face full responsibility for their actions, to make their own choices and cope with the results...the whole democratic system...depends upon it. For our system is founded on self-government, which is untenable if the individuals who make up the system are unable to govern themselves.
Reshan Pillai|It is human, to want to feel connected with others, to strive for a sense of belonging.Yet the ultimate hack is to belong with yourself.Once you belong within,You belong with all.
Ravi Kant|Unless people are convinced about what you are asking them to do, they are not going to make it happen.
Halldór Laxness, Iceland's Bell|Can't we make a blusterer ourselves? asked Jón Hreggviðsson. Can't we scratch that damned sign with the ax-point onto the chopping block and get a beautiful, chubby woman in here tonight, right now-or preferably three? It was no easy matter to create such a sign, because in order to do so the two men required much greater access to the animal kingdom and the forces of nature than conditions in the dungeon permitted. The sign of the Blusterer is inscribed with a raven's gall on the rust-brown inner side of a bitch's skin, and afterward blood is sprinkled over the skin - blood from a black tomcat whose neck has been cut under a full moon by an unspoiled maiden. Where'd you find an unspoiled maiden to cut a black tomcat's neck asked Jón Hreggviðsson.
Terry Pratchett, Monstrous Regiment|It's lies. It's all lies. Some of them are just prettier than others, that's all. People see what they think is there.
Li-Young Lee, The City in Which I Love You|As for myself, I have found my perfect pattern in Jesus, who said, “The Father has not left Mealone, for I always do those things that please Him.” I am no longer motivated by personal ambition.I have discovered a sweeter, purer motive: simply to please my Father.
Sunday Adelaja|A job shouldn’t be a mean of existence but rather, a means of sustenance
Angela Thomas, A Beautiful Offering: Returning God's Love with Your Life|And fear nothing, dear soul, whoever you are; the greater the sinner, the greater his right to Your mercy, O Lord.
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|Luisa rolls her napkin into a compact ball. "I ask three simple questions. How did he get that power? How is he using it? And how can it be taken off the sonofabitch?
P. Harding|...why can't I stop all the moving and look out over the vast arrangements and find by the contours and colors and qualities of light where my father is, not to solve anything but just simply even to see it again one last time, before what, before it ends, before it stops. But it doesn't stop; it simply ends. It is a final pattern scattered without so much as a pause at the end, at the end of what, at the end of this.
Debbi Mack, Least Wanted|He stood at the entrance to the kitchen, blocking my path to the front door like the Berlin Wall. -- Least Wanted
Mary Simses, The Irresistible Blueberry Bakeshop & Cafe|It is said that nothing in our lives is ever lost, that nothing can prevent its having been. That is why, so very often the weight of the past lies ineluctably upon the present. But that is why it is so real in memory, so wholly itself, so far beyond replacement.
Ray Dalio|The pain of problems is a call to find solutions rather than a reason for unhappiness and inaction, so it's silly, pointless, and harmful to be upset at the problems and choices that come at you (though it’s understandable).
David Michie, The Dalai Lama's Cat|There's nothing like a good, long sleep to allow unpleasantness to recede into the past.
Jim Rohn|Let your library be a testimonial of your dedicated interest in accelerated personal development, that you will read whatever you have to read you will hear whatever you must hear and you will watch and see whatever you must see in order to make your life refined and worthwhile and achieve all your purpose.
Tom Giaquinto|Life is so short. The only person you hurt when you stay angry or hold grudges is you. Forgive everyone, including yourself.
Idries Shah|However fast you run, or however skilfully, you can’t run away from your own feet.
Juliet Marillier, Wildwood Dancing|I like the truth, even when it does trouble me.
Mollie Gross, Confessions of a Military Wife|To me, comedy is a great occupation because I don't really worry that much about what other people think of me.
Jenny Nordberg, The Underground Girls of Kabul|Marriage is a core component of the patriarchal system. According to Gerda Lerner's research on ancient societies, a woman could achieve at least some status, and with that, better treatment and privileges, through preserving her only capital – her virginity – and eventually offering it to just one man.
Thomas Bernhard, The Loser|The most perfect happiness, surely, must arise from the contemplation of the most perfect object.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Thought, if I may put it, is the man behind the pursuits, appearance, things we like, things we hate and the very epitome of our living. When you cripple the mind, you cripple the body, you cripple purpose and you cripple life
Deidre Huesmann, Call of the Lycan|All it takes is one small voice to make a difference." ~Artum Keogh~
RVM|Just because you have problems, it doesn’t mean you should not have Dreams. Instead, let your Dreams become the scheme to solve your problems.
Keira D. Skye, Bite!|Come here.” Nico reached over and gave Katty a great big hug. “Have I told you how much I love you lately?” Katty immediately turned soft. She had a big weakness for Nico. Just hearing the word 'love' instantly made her melt. “No, but I like to hear it.” She smiled back at him with a smile that illuminated her face. She did like to hear it. She hadn't know Nico for very long, but there was just something so awesome about him that she felt very loved. He may have been a Vampire, and had a heart as black as night, but deep down he was a good man. He knew how to love a girl when he found the right one. He loved her completely, and without any doubt.
Pirkei Avot|If you want to understand language, spend less time in the library with Plato and more time on the buses with people.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer|We all want to go there something awful, but to stand there takes some grace.
Jill Little, IHood: Our GPS for Living|Just as Jesus predicted, what originates in the secret place won't always remain a secret. ... How do we guard -- or maybe it would be more appropriate to say, guard against -- our hearts? How do we monitor what's going on in that secret place that has the potential to go public at any moment?
Chérie De Sues|WEST SALEM ~ October 2011A sudden vision, fraught with malevolence and darkness, obscured her sight. The face of a menacing figure turned from the shadows of his grisly handiwork and stared at Sorcha.Her muscles tensed. By the Goddess, could he see her?Please! No!She wanted to scream, to run, but the vision ensnared her into the horrific moment like a fly in a spider's web.
E.M. Forster|And if insight were sufficient, if the inner life were the whole of life, their happiness has been assured.
Yoko Ono|I think the only thing I knew for sure is that I wanted to, whatever I did, I wanted to travel with my work, an adventurous spirit.
Samuel Adams|This won't stop her from getting elected," Shane said. "Stupider people get elected all the time. It's America. We love the sleazy. And the crazy." "I would like to think better of us," Claire said, "but yeah. You're right.
Morrissey|These tears I'm wailing,I spill not without reason.Remove them, my dearest love.Take me to the place I've been dreaming of,where the grotesquely lonely meet the grotesquely lonelyand they whisper,just very softly,Please be mine, Dearest Love.
George Orwell, England Your England and Other Essays|When one thinks of all the people who support or have supported Fascism, one stands amazed at their diversity. What a crew! Think of a programme which at any rate for a while could bring Hitler, Petain, Montagu Norman, Pavelitch, William Randolph Hearst, Streicher, Buchman, Ezra Pound, Juan March, Cocteau, Thyssen, Father Coughlin, the Mufti of Jerusalem, Arnold Lunn, Antonescu, Spengler, Beverley Nichols, Lady Houston, and Marinetti all into the same boat! But the clue is really very simple. They are all people with something to lose, or people who long for a hierarchical society and dread the prospect of a world of free and equal human beings. Behind all the ballyhoo that is talked about ‘godless’ Russia and the ‘materialism’ of the working class lies the simple intention of those with money or privileges to cling to them. Ditto, though it contains a partial truth, with all the talk about the worthlessness of social reconstruction not accompanied by a ‘change of heart’. The pious ones, from the Pope to the yogis of California, are great on the’ change of heart’, much more reassuring from their point of view than a change in the economic system.
Richard Pryor|Older women are best, because they always think they may be doing it for the last time.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|When you get to a certain age you find that other people’s opinions don’t really matter anymore, and you get kind of uncomfortable with your place in modern life.
Virginia Alison|Confidence is indeed sexy, sexier than those six packs or six figures.
Rachel Van Dyken, The Consequence of Loving Colton|Oh hell no, I thought. I am not wasting my first kiss on some guy who's skipping out on our first date.
Padma Lakshmi, Love, Loss, and What We Ate: A Memoir|The secrets of the kitchen were revealed to you in stages, on a need-to-know basis, just like the secrets of womanhood. You started wearing bras; you started handling the pressure cooker for lentils. You went from wearing skirts and half saris to wearing full saris, and at about the same time you got to make the rice-batter crepes called dosas for everyone’s tiffin. You did not get told the secret ratio of spices for the house-made sambar curry powder until you came of marriageable age. And to truly have a womanly figure, you had to eat, to be voluptuously full of food. This, of course, was in stark contrast to what was considered womanly or desirable in the West, especially when I started modeling. To look good in Western clothes you had to be extremely thin. Prior to this, I never thought about my weight except to think it wasn’t ever enough. Then, with modeling, I started depending on my looks to feed myself (though my profession didn’t allow me to actually eat very much). When I started hosting food shows, my career went from fashion to food, from not eating to really eating a lot, to put it mildly. Only this time the opposing demands of having to eat all this food and still look good by Western standards of beauty were off the charts. This tug-of-war was something I would struggle with for most of a decade.
Ralph  Webster, A Smile in One Eye: a Tear in the Other|Whatsoever is outside, know, is Within.
Munindra Misra, PT. Kanhaiya Lal Misra - My Father|I was staying in a hotel in San Francisco for a couple of nights, before flying back to the UK. My hotel was a desperate grey block made from paper and people’s screams. At night the sound of strangers having icy sex echoed off the building and poured through the broken air conditioning, like tiny daggers I couldn't see, reminding me of just the tip of what I was missing.
Petra Hermans|Tell me about your master.”I nod. “He is eighth in line to the throne, the son of—”“No, no,” Caspida interrupts irritably. “Tell me what he is like.”“He is a gambler,” I say. There is no point in lying about these things. “He is bold, but reckless. Brave, but impetuous. A man who . . . holds grudges.” Pausing, I finish in a whisper, “He would risk his life to save someone else, without even thinking twice.”Caspida turns her head a bit, interest growing in her eyes. “And he sets out on a mad voyage and sails straight into a nest of jinn.”“My master is noble,” I say with a smile, “but I made no suggestions as to his intelligence.
Alison Goodman, Eona: The Last Dragoneye|You have forced your way into my Hua, Eona. Change me. First, by your power- then, just by who you are.
Eileen Anglin|We all have a mission. And that mission is to love ourselves, love each other, help one another and leave this world in a better place because we lived on it.
G Paulus|Life is one kind of sound. Death is another kind of sound. Those who cannot hear the sound of death think death is silence. Death is not silence, it is just another kind of sound, but may not within the hearing range of a normal ear.
Lexa Doig|If you take your kid in for the sniffles, you pay $20, but the full cost is $200. And so we need to get back to the price system where you see the full cost of health care, and then people will make smarter decisions. That will reduce health care costs, and it's a huge part of our economy.
Jeffrey Eugenides, The Marriage Plot|She felt so old, so worn out, so far away from the best moments of her life that she even yearned for those that she remembered as the worst… Her heart of compressed ash, which had resisted the most telling blows of daily reality without strain, fell apart with the first waves of nostalgia. The need to feel sad was becoming a vice as the years eroded her. She became human in her solitude.
Laura Ingalls Wilder|At this Christmas when Christ comes, will He find a warm heart? Mark the season of Advent by loving and serving the others with God's own love and concern.
Juliann Whicker, Hotblood|My last girlfriend was a Showgirl - But we eventually broke up because she wouldn't Tell me anything. Now I'm dating a girl who looks exactly like my grandma, only my girl older.-James Lee Schmidt and Jarod Kintz
Ellen Hopkins, Perfect|Nobody seems to care that with every push to live up to their expectations, my own dreams vaporize.
Jean Baudrillard, America|America is especially sensitive to war weariness, and nothing brings backlash like the perception of defeat. I say “perception” because America is a very all-or-nothing society… We like to know, and for everyone else to know, that our victory wasn’t uncontested, it was positively devastating.
Justin Wetch, Bending The Universe|You are my drug of choiceI know you’re no good for meAnd though I swear my lipsWill never touch you againHere we are, here we are.
Michio Kaku|For most people, an hour a day playing our favorite games will power up our ability to engage whole-heartedly with difficult challenges, strengthen our relationships with the people we care about most - while still letting us notice when it's time to stop playing in virtual worlds and bring our gamer strengths back to real life.
SIERRA|Is there some kind of rule for when Sam should be a boy and when he's a Wolf?""A Wolf lifts his leg and yellows up the snow. A boy has to use the toilet.""And that will work?""Only if he needs to pee.
Woodrow Wilson|We need the private sector to create jobs. If the government could create jobs Communism would have worked, but it didn't.
Oscar Wilde, The Soul of Man Under Socialism|The things people say of a man do not alter a man. He is what he is. Public opinion is of no value whatsoever. Even if people employ actual violence, they are not to be violent in turn. That would be to fall to the same low level. After all, even in prison, a man can be quite free. His soul can be free. His personality can be untroubled. He can be at peace. And, above all things, they are not to interfere with other people or judge them in any way. Personality is a very mysterious thing. A man cannot always be estimated by what he does. He may keep the law, and yet be worthless. He may break the law, and yet be fine. He may be bad, without ever doing anything bad. He may commit a sin against society, and yet realize through that sin his true perfection.
Kate Klise, The Greatest Star on Earth|... beginnings are always reserved for anxiety, middles are for experience, problems and troubleshooting, and only once the beginning and middle have been combined to form a past can room be made for the ending, and relief.
Paul Krugman|As you get to thirty, the main thing is to not be sensible.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The journey of life requires alot of enthusiasms, great passion and commitment.
Leigh Hershkovich|The use of tobacco is one of the most evident of all the retrograde influences of our time. It invades all classes, destroys social life, and is turning, in the words of Mantegazza, the whole of Europe into a cigar divan.
Richard Thompson|In communications, familiarity breeds apathy.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|Take those praises with a level head, you must not be distracted by them. After all, purpose still awaits you.
Robert M. Edsel, The Monuments Men: Allied Heroes, Nazi Thieves, and the Greatest Treasure Hunt in History|In my mind, I gave the woman gifts. I gave her a candle stub. I gave her a box of wooden kitchen matches. I gave her a cake of Lifebuoy soap. I gave her a ceilingful of glow-in-the-dark planets. I gave her a bald baby doll. I gave her a ripe fig, sweet as new wood, and a milkdrop from its stem. I gave her a peppermint puff. I gave her a bouquet of four roses. I gave her fat earthworms for her grave. I gave her a fish from Roebuck Lake, a vial of my sweat for it to swim in.
Marc Stiegler, David's Sling|The funny thing about my procrastination was that I was almost done with the screenplay. I was like a person who had fought dragons and lost limbs and crawled through swamps and now, finally, the castle was visible. I could see tiny children waving flags on the balcony; all I had to do was walk across a field to get to them. But all of a sudden I was very, very sleepy. And the children couldn't believe their eyes as I folded down to my knees and fell to the ground face-first, with my eyes open. Motionless, I watched ants hurry in and out of a hole and I knew that standing up again would be a thousand times harder than the dragon or the swamp and so I did not even try. I just clicked on one thing after another after another.
Mary Daly|Of course God is endlessly multi-dimensional so every religion that exists on earth represents some face, some side of God.
Margaret Wise Brown|In this modern world where activity is stressed almost to the point of mania, quietness as a childhood need is too often overlooked. Yet a child's need for quietness is the same today as it has always been--it may even be greater--for quietness is an essential part of all awareness. In quiet times and sleepy times a child can dwell in thoughts of his own, and in songs and stories of his own.
Erik Pevernagie|Let’s watch out for the unpredictability and the wildcat jumps of contrarian people, whose sole interests are soaring targets at high-speed, at all costs and without any consideration. Perceptive understanding may help us discover the hidden actualities behind the ‘appearances’. .("Mama. Meine Bäume wachsen bis in den Himmel")
Salman Rushdie|What are days for?Days are where we live. They come, they wake us Time and time over.They are to be happy in: Where can we live but days?Ah, solving that questionBrings the priest and the doctor In their long coatsRunning over the fields.
Kim John Payne, Simplicity Parenting: Using the Extraordinary Power of Less to Raise Calmer, Happier, and More Secure Kids|Rest nurtures creativity, which nurtures activity. Activity nurtures rest, which sustains creativity. Each draws from and contributes to the other.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|Or deep down, maybe there was more. Maybe I wanted someone to figure out who wrote the note and secretly come to my rescue.Maybe. I don’t know. But I was careful never to give myself away.
Wayne Gretzky|We of Africa protest that, in this day and age, we should continue to be treated as lesser human beings than other races.
Ramon M. Torres|Christianity is more than just a belief; it is a life of discipline, a firm determination to live a life of prayer and contemplation, a life of self-denial and Christlikeness.
George Eliot, Adam Bede|Yes! Thank God; human feeling is like the mighty rivers that bless the earth: it does not wait for beauty—it flows with resistless force and brings beauty with it... There are few prophets in the world; few sublimely beautiful women; few heroes. I can't afford to give all my love and reverence to such rarities: I want a great deal of those feelings for my every-day fellow-men, especially for the few in the foreground of the great multitude, whose faces I know, whose hands I touch, for whom I have to make way with kindly courtesy.
Miklós Bánffy, The Phoenix Land|Artificially to incite hatred is not only supererogatory in politics and foreign relations, it is also positively harmful.
Ava Farmehri, Through the Sad Wood Our Corpses Will Hang|people still fall in love, and out, yes, in and out, and out and in, and they please each other, and hurt each other, isn't that the truth, and they do these things in more or less conventionally dramatic fashion, unfashionable or not, go on, I'm going, and what goes on between them is still not only the most interesting but the most important thing in the bloody murderous world
J.R.R. Tolkien|End? No, the journey doesn't end here. Death is just another path, one that we all must take. The grey rain-curtain of this world rolls back, and all turns to silver glass, and then you see it.
Justin Simien, Dear White People|I met a woman who told me that she wasn't attracted to Asians. "No worries," I said. "I'm not attracted to racists
Mahatma Gandhi|The keys to patience are acceptance and faith. Accept things as they are, and look realistically at the world around you. Have faith in yourself and in the direction you have chosen.
Tera Lynn Childs, Forgive My Fins|I wasn't crying about mothers," he said rather indignantly. "I was crying because I can't get my shadow to stick on. Besides, I wasn't crying.
James Hauenstein|A life that is happy and has no money, is better then a life unhappy with money.
Henry Beston, The Outermost House: A Year of Life On The Great Beach of Cape Cod|We lose a great deal, I think, when we lose this sense and feeling for the sun. When all has been said, the adventure of the sun is the great natural drama by which we live, and not to have joy in it and awe of it, not to share in it, is to close a dull door on natures's sustaining and poetic spirit.
Jess C. Scott, Playmates|They seemed to be together as one, somewhere else in a place that was lighter than air.
Dean Koontz, Odd Thomas|I find myself thinking about this hue-mon all of the time. I wonder if it ever thought about us?Was there room in here for thoughts about beetles?Did it ever wonder how some glow?Or spray liquid fire?Or dance on water?Or drink fog?Maybe someday, if a hue-mon reads this journal, it will help them appreciate all of the amazing little aliens living underfoot.
OMOSOHWOFA CASEY|When we truly love someone, we would respect the person. No matter the wrongs done by the person, we would always try to see reasons why the wrongs were done, we would always try to understand the explained and unexplained reasons behind the person's wrong actions.We wouldn't mind justifying the wrongs simply cos the love has brought upon us a great understanding which has made us tolerant of many things about the person loved.With love, comes respect; with respect comes fair hearing; with fair hearing, comes understanding.There is no love without respect, tolerance or understanding
Danielle Barone|A spiritual connection with someone lasts forever, even when physical presence fades.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|Equality, citizens, is not the whole of society on a level, a society of tall blades of grass and small oaks, or a number of entangled jealousies. It is, legally speaking, every aptitude having the same opportunity for a career; politically all consciences having the same right. Equality has an organ, gratuitous and compulsory education. We must begin with the right to the alphabet.
Jamie Le Fay, Disillusion|Because when you kiss your first boy or girl, you don't want to be so caught up in your lack of self-worth that you forget to enjoy the kiss, that you forget that you deserve the pleasure of that moment. You don't want to be so caught up in your lack of self-worth that you become an object of his or her desire, a grateful unworthy slave to his or her attention.
Brother Lawrence, The Practice of the Presence of God|Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action comes, stop thinking and go in.
Rainer Maria Rilke|These flowers, which were splendid and sprightly, waking in the dawn of the morning, in the evening will be a pitiful frivolity, sleeping in the cold night's arms.
Mother Teresa|I will never attend an anti-war rally; if you have a peace rally, invite me.
PRIYANSHU JOSHI|If your self-respect's for sale, don't complain when someone tries to bargain.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Her skin smelled like the twilight moon and her eyes looked primal, like a hungry animal. She was darkness – dangerous, beautiful darkness.
David Levithan, The Realm of Possibility|loss takes as much as love does, sometimes more
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|Mountains are giant, restful, absorbent. You can heave your spirit into a mountain and the mountain will keep it, folded, and not throw it back as some creeks will. The creeks are the world with all its stimulus and beauty; I live there. But the mountains are home.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Alcohol is one of the quickest vehicles with which we escape shyness, our problems, and self-consciousness, for a few hours.
Shane L. Koyczan|Someone once told me that the finer points of devotion are about the size of a pinhole, and there are millions of them. And if you could connect each dot, then you’ve got a diagram of what you think you thought you knew, and if you’re willing to admit that you know nothing…you have the blueprint for a breakthrough.
Bill Cosby|Godot is whatever it is in life that you are waiting for: 'I'm waiting to win the lottery. I'm waiting to fall in love'. For me, as a child, it was Christmas. At least that eventually came.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, No Mercy|In the heart and in the soul, evil takes its wicked toll. When moonlight shines like flowing blood, over the earth, the Daimons will flood
James Rozoff, Perchance to Dream|New Rule: Stop putting psychedelic screensavers on computers. I sit down to check my e-mail, and the next thing I know it's three days later, I'm in the desert, I'm banging on a drum, I'm naked, and somebody's pierced my dick.
Michael Lee West, American Pie|Work and pray, live on hay,You'll get pie in the sky when you die.-Joe Hill, The Preacher and the Slave
Diane M. Komp - Pediatric Oncologist|The stories in this book link an ancient story with the children's stories. Rather than medical case reports based on certainty of what scientists currently understand, they are simply an attempt to be faithful to what I have heard. In this sense, they continue Jesus' commissioned work of revealing that there is a realm that we cannot yet fully understand. The greatest gift in my life has been in linking the ancient story and the children's stories to my own...As I sit by the beds of these children, I have seen God's love made manifest in this descending way. I have seen Jesus Christ come again and again and again to bring peace and to link the children's stories with His own.
Martha Beck|English is not the language every person speaks, every country has different language, don't change your cultures letting western language or cultures affect it trust me you have many reasons to be proud of your country and the cultures.
Vicente Fox|I think Chinese leadership is trying to tell the world they have another set of logic or reasoning or values which are different from yours. Of course, I don't think they believe that. It's just an argument that's made when you can't confront the truth and facts. They really want to maintain power.
Anna Quindlen|The beauty of man's being, fashioned as he is in the fairest of forms, demonstrates the existence of the Maker, while at the same time the fact that, together with his comprehensive abilities, lodged in that fairest of forms, he soon declines and dies, demonstrates the existence of the resurrection.
Eric C. Sinoway|Any decision can be easier if you think carefully about your goals; the dimensions of yourself that are most important to you; your needs and wants; the specific costs and benefits associated with your choices; the commensurability of those choices; and whether certain goals should be sequenced instead of pursued simultaneously to give you a better chance of success. Instead of striving for work–life balance, or even worrying about juggling on the balance beam, use this framework to pursue your life’s work—holistically seeking both success and satisfaction.
Meghan Daum|I remember this song by Clay Walker that came out in the '90s called 'This Woman and This Man,' and it was about breaking up, loss, the pain of moving on, and my parents were just getting divorced at the time, so I listened to it over and over again.
David Byrne, How Music Works|Complete freedom is as much curse as boon; freedom within strict and well-defined confines is, to me, ideal.
Jem Okan, I Am Heaven: A Story of Self-Discovery, Acceptance, and Faith.|Love is a funny business. It cannot be commanded but it commands us; it commands respect and unselfishness. Love cannot be sucked out of another in the hopes that it fills us up, because love is not a selfish quest.
Maeve Binchy, Echoes|I'll understand if you don't want me. But I will be heartbroken. You are all I ever dreamed of and hoped for. You are much, much more. Please know that I didn't think I was mean-minded. But I realize I am. I don't want you to put your arms around me and say it's all right, that you forgive me. I want you to be sure that you do, and my love for you will last as long as I live. I can see no lightness, no humour, no joke to make. I just hope that we will be able to go back to when we had laughter, and the world was coloured, not black and white and grey. I am so sorry for hurting you. I could inflict all kinds of pain on myself, but it would not take back any I gave to you. - David Power
Hilaire Belloc, The Servile State|If free enterprise becomes a proselytizing holy cause, it will be a sign that its workability and advantages have ceased to be self-evident.
Shannon A. Thompson, November Snow|One aspect of perfection, after all, it stands to reason, will be that our need for imperfection will cease. Or, perhaps more precisely: that imperfection itself will cease to have meaning.
Lemony Snicket, The Blank Book|(…) Real time is not a unitary strand distributing homogeneous units of past, present and future in a fixed empirical order, but is rather a complex, interactive, « thick » manifold of distinct yet integrated durations. p22
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Slapstick, or Lonesome No More!|I can think of another quickie education for a child, which, in its way, is almost as salutary: Meeting a human being who is tremendously respected by the adult world, and realizing that that person is actually a malicious lunatic.
Helmut Thielicke, A Little Exercise for Young Theologians|On one occasion, he said "The Son of man [referring to himself] must be killed, and on the 3rd day be raised to life." Peter, in particular, would have no part in such talk, and (can you believe?) he actually took Jesus aside and rebuked him, Jesus, the only begotten Son of God! How would God ever use an obstinate man like this to proclaim the gospel?
Stefan Emunds|Magically, hopelessness gives rise to profound hope.
Ban Ki-moon|She's true to herself and she's determined. She has things going against her, but she forges ahead despite all of that. I think that's encouraging. She's got some problems, but she has hope and tries to plow through things. I think that's a good role model.
Cher|Unprovided with original learning, unformed in the habits of thinking, unskilled in the arts of composition, I resolved to write a book.
Rajasaraswathii, Success-Talks : For Evolution of Your Success|You need a companion for your thought process, than a physical relationship.
C.J. Duggan, The Boys of Summer|When you knock off work tonight, go looking for Toby, because, trust me, he will be looking for you.
Moutasem Algharati|I have been where you are now. I have felt the fears and resolved them. I have had the doubts and concerns and found the way forward.Lift up your head, and step ahead...
Brodi Ashton, Neverfall|He found insanity no excuse, however, for irrational behavior.
Jayne Lockwood, The Cloud Seeker|Her cowardice had been re-branded as self-preservation, and she was grateful for it.
Jeanette Michelle|I was tired and crazy and rushed, and every time I boarded a plane, I wanted the plane to crash. I envied people dying of cancer. I hated my life. I was tired and bored with my job and my furniture, and I couldn’t see any way to change things.Only end them.
Unarine Ramaru|Past experience doesn't go away, so the secret is to accept, embrace and learn from it. However the key to the secret, is to keep it at bay and be open minded about the future from the second after the experience and never let the experience be the bar or commission of anything thereafter.
Carson McCullers|Sometimes hate is silence, some stuff are made in such way that they are in front of your eyes.
Joyce Meyer|Good design begins with honesty, asks tough questions, comes from collaboration and from trusting your intuition.
John Aaron, Romancing the Smoke: Reflections of a Nicotine Addict|After all, addiction is just the last stage of consumerism.
Darshana Suresh, Howling at the Moon|Where did you get your sadness from? I picked it up on the side of the road. Itwas bleeding and scratched and keeninglike a mangled thing, but it looked toobeautiful for me to just walk away.
Laura Anderson Kurk, Perfect Glass|He smiled and squinted at me again, tilting his head up and to the right as he stared. “Maybe what I’m attracted to in you is more than your looks and your brain and your humor.” He leaned closer like he had a secret. “It could be your soul,” he whispered.I pushed his cheek until he was squinting at the door to the kitchen instead. “Is this when you tell me I’m your soul mate, O’Neill?
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|We love being mentally strong, but we hate situations that allow us to put our mental strength to good use.
Ezra Taft Benson|Being a leader for me is about having the courage to speak the truth, and live the truth, despite attempts to silence our thoughts, feelings, and past experiences.
Kamand Kojouri|I would rather lie facedown on the ground and use my body as a bridge, than stand proud and tall and use my body as a wall.
Lissa Bryan, The End of All Things|Mockery be damned, my urine looked delicious.
Matt Fraction, Sex Criminals, Vol. 3: Three the Hard Way|You're into what you're into, I'm into what I'm into. We don't have to be into the same shit, and if you're safe, sane, and happy, then go on and get you some.
Barbara W. Tuchman, Practicing History:  Selected Essays|If the historian will submit himself to his material instead of trying to impose himself on his material, then the material will ultimately speak to him and supply the answers.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|Love them that hate you, but you can't love them whom you hate.
Catherine Anderson, Annie's Song|Annie giggled again. She couldn’t seem to stop herself. And when she did, the most incredible thing happened. Alex’s grin vanished, and after gazing down at her for what seemed to her several endless seconds, he got tears in his eyes. “Thank you,” he said. Only that, just a simple “thank you.” But to Annie, those were the two most wonderful words she’d ever seen spoken, and they meant more to her than a thousand others might have. With them, he told her a wealth of things, namely that he had meant everything he’d said to her in the attic, that he not only wouldn’t punish her for making noise, but that he wanted her to.
Chrissy Metz|To be honest, I'm a little upset these days. My family has been exposed to the media. Some people break into our house. My ex-girlfriend's photos are circulating online. To say that these are things I need to endure for the sake of celebrity... that's sad. I want to respectfully request that my private life remain private.
Brian K. Vaughan, Saga, Vol. 3|The advice to "kill your darlings" has been attributed to various authors across the various galaxies... and Mister Heist hated them all.Why teach young writers to edit out whatever it is they feel most passionate about?Better to kill everything in their writing they DON'T love as much.Until only the darlings remain.
Jeff Bezos|I don't think Bond does too much; he's just suave and sexy. He rolls out with his martini and fancy cars. Wow, it sounds like my life already.
Banani Ray, Awakening Inner Guru|Consciousness precedes phenomenon, and therefore consciousness can alter phenomenon.
Miles Davis|Hip-Hop isn't just music, it is also a spiritual movement of the blacks! You can't just call Hip-Hop a trend!
Marilynne Robinson|She was a music I no longer heard, that rang in my mind, itself and nothing else, lost to all sense, but not perished, not perished.
Lori Aurelia Williams, When Kambia Elaine Flew in from Neptune|Once your words fly out of your mouth, you sometimes can't control whether they fly straight or crooked, Grandma Augustine says. "They can get bent in the strangest ways." Grandma Augustine says that the only way to straighten out bad words is to keep making good ones until you say what you need to say to who you need to say it to.
Andrea Heltsley, Dissolve|I looked at mother with adoration in my own eyes, and when she had taken the kerosene lamp and had gone away, and when we boys were all again curled quietly like sleeping puppies in the bed, I cried a little, as I am sure father must have cried sometimes when there was no one about. Perhaps his getting drunk, as he did on all possible occasions, was a way of crying too.
Alexandra Bracken, Passenger|Mothman flew away from town, like a giant bat, and then disappeared from sight behind a thicket of skeletal autumn trees.
R.L. Griffin, Seamless|It is true that a mathematician who is not somewhat of a poet, will never be a perfect mathematician.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann|God gave us the pure love; and so, I have become deeply in your heart, a part of you.
Tapan Ghosh, Faceless The Only Way Out|Love is blind, reason is deaf. You need both to survive.
Liz Carpenter|The most excellent and divine counsel, the best and most profitable advertisement of all others, but the least practiced, is to study and learn how to know ourselves. This is the foundation of wisdom and the highway to whatever is good.
Loren Weisman, The Artist's Guide to Success in the Music Business: The “Who, What, When, Where, Why & How” of the Steps that Musicians & Bands Have to Take to Succeed in Music|Marketing and promoting doesn’t come down to the likes, the pins, the plus ones, the followers, the fans, the friends, the views, or the plays online. Marketing and promoting comes down to the conversions.
Auliq Ice|Though there are no stars, no light but the souls in love will always shine so bright even in darkness.
Mika Yamamori, ひるなかの流星 12 [Hirunaka no Ryuusei 12]|And because you not always can keep your eyes shut there comes the real trouble--the heart pain--the world pain. I tell you, my friend, it is not good for you to find you cannot make your dream come true, for the reason that you not strong enough are, or not clever enough. . . . Ja! . . . And all the time you are such a fine fellow too! Wie? Was? Gott im Himmel! How can that be? Ha! ha! ha!"’The shadow prowling amongst the graves of butterflies laughed boisterously.
Alexa Von Tobel|American capitalists, enthralled by the doctrines of finance, have put their income statements in service of the balance sheet.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Unleash your mighty words, and with them, recreate a new and more beautiful world for all.
Lewis Black|December used to be very difficult for me. For many years, I fought the transition to the new year, was generally exhausted at the end of the year, and just wanted to hide. I described myself as a 'cranky Jewish kid who felt left out by Christmas.'
Stewart Stafford|There's not a hell of a lot of difference between bravery and stupidity." - Commander Boaz Aurigae
Ryohgo Narita|Storytelling is a dangerous vocation, for the fairies punish those who return to tell their secrets.
Shelly Crane, Undeniably Fated|In the beginning, one soul split into two creating soul mates. And ever the two shall wander seeking each other. -Unknown
Ha Jin|At home you could depend on your parents, but in America you are on your own and should make as many friends as you can . . . You don't know who may hold out a helpful hand in your hour of need.
Meredith Eaton|The history of American democracy, to say the least, has been checkered. Our nation was founded at a time when people of African descent were held in bondage. After slavery was abolished, they were forced to endure legal discrimination for another 100 years.
Arun D. Ellis, Corpalism|A revolutionary war of freedom, he said” Hiawatha responded crisply, “and I agree… does Superman ever fly to Thailand and free the kids slaving in the sweat shops owned by the rich corporations? No, he doesn’t. Does Batman ever break into prison and free the wrongfully convicted and over sentenced black man whose rights were trampled on when he was incarcerated? No, he doesn’t. Does Spider man ever break into a house in suburbia and beat up the abusive and violent husband? No, he doesn’t.” “Do the Fantastic Four ever fly out to third world countries and defend the rights of the poor civilians against greedy American corporations? No, they don’t,” said the Pirate, not to be outdone. “They’re all just tools used by the state to maintain the status quo,” said Hiawatha.
Philip Pullman, The Amber Spyglass|Every advance in human life, every scrap of knowledge and wisdom and decency we have has been torn by one side from the teeth of the other. Every little increase in human freedom has been fought over ferociously between those who want us to know more and be wiser and stronger, and those who want us to obey and be humble and submit.
Oriah Mountain Dreamer, The Dance: Moving To the Rhythms of Your True Self|Where I had felt a victim, I had become a determiner by recognizing I had choices. When considering a purchase, I stopped saying, "I can't afford it," and started saying, "That's not where I want to spend that amount of money.
John Paul Lederach, The Moral Imagination: The Art and Soul of Building Peace|In the quest for power, truth is always the first thing left behind.
D.J. LeMarr, The Worst Misery|You are mad, Malloreigh!” It is an odd thing to have madness call you mad. Makes you think for a moment that you are sane, but also makes you think that it is truly sane. My mind hurts. I stopped thinking. I painted.
Peter Ludlow, Crypto Anarchy, Cyberstates, and Pirate Utopias|Something needs to be said about the role of anonymity and digital pseudonyms. This is a topic for an essay unto itself, of course. Are true names really needed? Why are they asked for? Does the nation state have any valid reason to demand they be used? People want to know who they are dealing with, for psychological/evolutionary reasons and to better ensure traceability should they need to locate a person to enforce the terms of a transaction. The purely anonymous person is perhaps justifiably viewed with suspicion. And yet pseudonyms are successful in many cases. We rarely know whether someone who presents himself by some name is “actually” that person. Authors, artists, performers, etc., often use pseudonyms. What matters is persistence and nonforgeability. Crypto provides this.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|A true love is not shouting and yelling for your beloved, but silently struggling for her honor
Alfred Tennyson|You are mine." He spoke against her lips. "You always have been. You always will be.
David Crystal|In fact, the Senkaku Islands are... inherent territory of Japan that is recognized in our history and also by international law.
Michael Hayden|The FISA Amendment Act of 2008 actually allows some of the things we were doing under the president's authority only against al Qaeda, it allows them for all legitimate foreign intelligence purposes.
Sunny Basra, The Secret Lives of Monsters and Legends|I've had these demons for years, maybe for my whole life. Then you came along to provoke them, expose them, and eventually rid me of them, because I believe you're the only human that can.
Suzanne Steele, Home|(...) everything I'd been longing to get away from, true, but not through destruction. I'd wanted to leave home, but have it stay in place, waiting for me, unchanged, so I could step back into it at will.
Lena Dunham|It’s just a party. You eat some food and drink a beer and pretend you don’t want to be crawdad fishing,” Angie said.	“No, it’s an echo chamber of sycophants and I can’t listen to some bimbo recite her newest purchases while pretending I don’t want to throw myself from the roof.
Michael Gruber, The Good Son|You rock a sobbing child without wondering if today's world is passing you by, because you know you hold tomorrow in your arms.
Ellis Peters, Dead Man's Ransom|Once, I remember, Father Abbot said that our purpose is justice, and with God lies the privilege of mercy. But even God, when he intends mercy, needs tools to his hand.
Criss Jami, Healology|In a society where dirt sells, for every good story told as it is, you will hear the whole of that day's 10 bad stories sensationalized; although in reality, it could be that 100 good deeds happened that day which went unsung.
Stephen King, Danse Macabre|Early in life we recognize certain talents in ourselves, and we focus on those to the exclusion of others. It's not that nothing else is possible, but that nothing else was nurtured.
Fr. Timothy Gallagher OMV|Within a moment of silence, all is known that needs to be known. Within a moment of breath, all of life surrounds you...from the stars, the sun, the trees and all of humanity. Within a moment of a smile, love embraces the universe and beyond. It only takes a moment of being open to the wisdom, the beauty and the Grace. ~jh
Chhenghak Yang|Oxygen always stays around man, but man sometime breath without thinking about that. Oxygen never ignore man; It is the man who ignore oxygen.
Bethany Brookbank, Write like no one is reading|For years I was deathly afraid of my own weaknesses, but when I closed my eyes and let myself be vulnerable to them it allowed miracles to take place. Miracles that were only alive when I accessed my BLIND faith.
Sunday Adelaja|To sit down means to calm down without rush and fuss, stop and reflect, analyze all pros and cons, count all possible merits and faults
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|A citizen at his home in Rockford, Illinois, or Boulder, Colorado, could read a newspaper, listen to a radio, or watch the round-the-clock coverage on television, but he had no way of connecting with those who shared his views. Nor was there a quick, readily available tool for an ordinary citizen to gather information on his own. In 1960, communication was a one-way street, and information was fundamentally inaccessible. The whole idea of summoning up data or reaching thousands of individuals with the touch of a finger was a science-fiction fantasy.
Edmund Burke|I decided that it was not wisdom that enabled poets to write their poetry, but a kind of instinct or inspiration, such as you find in seers and prophets who deliver all their sublime messages without knowing in the least what they mean.
Jay Mark D. Saga-ad|He got worse as the night wore on. Tessa tried not to think about the wound, tried not to think about what she was going to do if he died and left her alone. Instead, she concentrated on doing what she could to keep the fever down and keep him comfortable, dragging a chair over to the side of the bed when she became too weary to stay awake any longer and dozing in it for short respites.Toward morning, he began to thrash about on the bed, muttering. She bathed his heated skin again and finally climbed into bed beside him. He quieted when she pulled his head against her breasts and stroked his hair soothingly.
Beatrice Hitchman, Petite Mort|I am looking through a lace curtain at a dead man's feet. I am ten years old, the mist is rising on a fall morning in 1944 in Sawyer, Georgia, and I am standing on a front porch painted gray with white trim.
Frank McCourt|When I was in high school, I was doing all the plays. My drama teacher, Melody Duggan, was the one one who first made me do stand-up. She's the origin of the whole thing; it's all her. In high school in Denver, that was kind of the beginning of it all.
Sukanya Venkatraghavan, Dark Things|Every living soul in this universe should be given a chance at love – their personal shot at having the most powerful andmysterious thing that ever existed. You could love forever, or your love couldburn short and bright for just a few moments in the history oftime. But however you did it, I supposed the idea was to make it count; to create a story worthy of a new fairytale, a poem,or a new constellation that would wind itself into an infinite thread of light in your name. Maybe that was the whole point of love – to create an eternal story of your own.
Dada Bhagwan|Krupa (divine grace) means ‘every time sincere’. Without becoming suitable for naimitik krupa (apparent grace), one cannot attain the nischay (Realization that I am Pure Soul). Even in the Kramic (step by step) path, there is naimitk krupa. ‘We’ shower down special grace. ‘Our’ grace descends upon one due to ultimate humility. Only thing required is ‘complete sincerity’.
Shya Kane, Working on Yourself Doesn't Work: The 3 Simple Ideas That Can Instantaneously Transform Your Life|If you are satisfied, you bring your satisfaction to the moment and fill the circumstances of your life with that satisfaction. If you are dissatisfied, however, no one and nothing can produce contentment for you.
Garry Fitchett|How decisive for the Christian educator, or for any educator of good will, is the revelation that man is made in the image and likeness of the three-Personed God? That is like asking what difference it will make to us if we keep in mind that a human being is made not for the processing of data, but for wisdom; not for the utilitarian satisfaction of appetite, but for love; not for the domination of nature, but for participation in it; not for the autonomy of an isolated self, but for communion.
Pierre de Coubertin|It's obvious, but perhaps worth saying, that happiness has virtually nothing to do with the state of your intellect.
Susan Lim|We need to bridge the gap between the medical libraries and the hospital rooms; take the information out there already, add to it, focus it, harness it - and bring it to the patient who was just diagnosed today.
Baron Baptiste, Perfectly Imperfect: The Art and Soul of Yoga Practice|The yogis say you can never step into the same river twice, because the current is always shifting and changing. You've never stepped into this exact river before today. Not with this body, not with today's particular energy, with the specific number of bites of breakfast in your belly, with the earth tipped on its axis. Perhaps up until now you haven't had a breakthrough in this pose, but that was then. What's possible today?
Bruce Chatwin, What Am I Doing Here?|Sin is cosmic treason. Sin is treason against a perfectly pure Sovereign. It is an act of supreme ingratitude toward the One to whom we owe everything, to the One who has given us life itself. Have you ever considered the deeper implications of the slightest sin, of the most minute peccadillo? What are we saying to our Creator when we disobey Him at the slightest point? We are saying no to the righteousness of God. We are saying, “God, Your law is not good. My judgement is better than Yours. Your authority does not apply to me. I am above and beyond Your jurisdiction. I have the right to do what I want to do, not what You command me to do.
Sapan Saxena, Unns-The Captivation|Think of it, I literally had to touch death and be born again to live a glimpse of the life that I never had.
Prabidh|Elliot had always thought that touch was the most intimate way a man and a woman could connect. A kiss. A hand across the base of the neck or a brush of fingertips against the small of the back. But if his thundering heart gave any indication, the moment of honesty Wren had shared in that single look made the air crackle with tension, of the kind he'd never known before.
Ernst Ludwig Kirchner|In order to succeed we need leaders of inspired idealism, leaders to whom are granted great visions, who dream greatly and strive to make their dreams come true; who can kindle the people with the fire from their own burning souls. The leader for the time being, whoever he may be, is but an instrument, to be used until broken and then to be cast aside; and if he is worth his salt he will care no more when he is broken than a soldier cares when he is sent where his life is forfeit in order that the victory may be won.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Accidental, unintended connections are the best concocted by the universe long before realizing the moon's heartbeat was waiting for you.
Sean O Nuallain, The Search For Mind: A New Foundation For Cognitive Science|Our view of the mind not only shapes our view of ourselves; less obviously, it also shapes our view of that part of our experience we conceive of as dealing with the external world. As we learn about the structure of this aspect of experience, we find that the world presents itself to consciousness only after being mediated to lesser or (more often) greater extents by mental structures and processes.
C.J. Fella, Rise of the Black Hand: The Case Files of Thomas Morelli|One day I found him amid large packages from which spilled attractive, glossy paperbacks with mythical covers. He had tried to use, as a "generator of ideas" — for we were running out of them — those works of fantastic literature, that popular genre (especially in the States), called, by a persistent misconception, "science fiction." He had not read such books before; he was annoyed — indignant, even — expecting variety, finding monotony. "They have everything except fantasy," he said. Indeed, a mistake. The authors of these pseudo-scientific fairy tales supply the public with what it wants: truisms, clichés, stereotypes, all sufficiently costumed and made "wonderful" so that the reader may sink into a safe state of surprise and at the same time not be jostled out of his philosophy of life. If there is progress in a culture, the progress is above all conceptual, but literature, the science-fiction variety in particular, has nothing to do with that.
Holly Black, White Cat|But I didnt do anything wrong.." Which is stupid of course, things dont happen to people because they deserve them.
Mary Lamia|Procrastination should not be linked with failure, just as early action should not be tied to success.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Book of Wisdom|When something looks impossible, don’t give up without testing its impossibility
Elizabeth Cady Stanton|I think solitude is a really positive thing. I cherish solitude immensely. In today’s society, there’s so much pressure to communicate, eat out, be friends with people. Why can’t you read a book on your own? Why have you got to have a book club?
Edna Buchanan, The Corpse Had a Familiar Face: Covering Miami, America's Hottest Beat|Every time I think I'm about to seize the moment, it drifts back into the shadows, just beyond my reach.
Voltaire|When man fell from grace, he lost a kingdom, not a religion. He lost dominion over the earth; He did not lose Heaven. Therefore, mankind's search is not for a religion or for Heaven but for his kingdom.
Paul Broks, Into the Silent Land: Travels in Neuropsychology|Neuroscience is fast developing the technical and conceptual wherewithal to reveal in fine, bare detail the neurobiological substrates of the mind. Perhaps it will despoil a sacred myth - the myth of selfhood and souls. And, if so, we may be wandering innocently into the opening phase of a dangerous game. Our ethics and systems of justice, our entire moral order, are founded on the notion of society as a collective of individual selves - autonomous, introspective, accountable agents. If this self-reflective, moral agent is revealed to be illusory, then what?
Kate Elliott, Traitors' Gate|When you stop worrying about your shortcomings, you deny your enemies, rivals, and/or competitors lethal weapons they may use to attack and defeat you.
Alain Robert|I studied architecture in New York. So, really I was very moved, like everyone else, to try to contribute something that has that resonance and profundity of it means to all of us.
Robin Hobb, Fool's Errand|Like a flower pressed flat and dried, we try to hold it still and say, this is exactly how it was the day I first saw it. But like the flower, the past cannot be trapped that way. It loses its fragrance and and its vitality, its fragility becomes brittleness and its colors fade. And when next you look on the flower, you know that it is not at all what you sought to capture, that that moment has fled forever.
Dimitar Sasselov|I remembered some people who lived across the street from our home as we were being taken away. When I was a teenager, I had many after-dinner conversations with my father about our internment. He told me that after we were taken away, they came to our house and took everything. We were literally stripped clean.
