Thomas Rhett|If I never get to see the Northern lights. Or if I never get to see the Eiffel Tower at night. Oh, if all I got, is your hand in my hand, baby I could die, a happy man.
Jodi Lynn Anderson, Tiger Lily|That summer lying in the long grass with my head propped up against the back of a saddle, with the zenith above me and the drop of distance below, I listened to the mountain silence until I could hear as far into it as the faintest clink of a cowbell. In the mountains, what might be out of sight had never really gone away. Like the mountain, that distant bell would always be there. It would keep reminding.
D.H. Lawrence, The Rainbow|everyone endeavors as much as possible to make others love what he loves, and to hate what he hates... This effort to make everyone approve what we love or hate is in truth ambition, and so we see that each person by nature desires that other persons should live according to his way of thinking...
Friedrich Engels, Collected Works 38 1844-51|If there were no Frenchwomen, life wouldn't be worth living.
Christopher Hitchens, Hitch-22: A Memoir|Actually—and this was where I began to feel seriously uncomfortable—some such divine claim underlay not just 'the occupation' but the whole idea of a separate state for Jews in Palestine. Take away the divine warrant for the Holy Land and where were you, and what were you? Just another land-thief like the Turks or the British, except that in this case you wanted the land without the people. And the original Zionist slogan—'a land without a people for a people without a land'—disclosed its own negation when I saw the densely populated Arab towns dwelling sullenly under Jewish tutelage. You want irony? How about Jews becoming colonizers at just the moment when other Europeans had given up on the idea?
Victor Nekrasov|Autumn stomps around outside the houselike an annoying little sister, tappingon all the shutters, kicking up the pilesof leaves you rake, pretending to howllike a wolf. But I'm glad she's here,so we can cuss at Summer together,pretending we don't even remember her name.
R.J. Groves, Writing You: An Unlikely Romance|There was nothing she would ever change about him , except for who he thought she was.
Debasish Mridha|To gain wisdom, try to understand with love.
Renee Olstead|I don't want to be just known for the way I dress. I want to be known for how I play, how I treat people, and how I am as a role model. I don't just want to be, 'He dresses cool' or 'He dresses crazy.' You're going to have lovers and haters. I want my golf game to be the main thing.
James J. Lachard|Man surprised me most about humanity. Because he sacrifices his health in order to make money.Then he sacrifices money to recuperate his health. And then he is so anxious about the future that he does not enjoy the present; the result being that he does not live in the present or the future; he lives as if he is never going to die, and then dies having never really lived.
Nicholas Kristof|Don't judge other people. For example, if you want God's anointing to be on you for parenting, you need to be careful not to criticize other parents.
Ed Catmull, Creativity, Inc.: Overcoming the Unseen Forces That Stand in the Way of True Inspiration|But I should caution that if you seek to plot out all your moves before you make them—if you put your faith in slow, deliberative planning in the hopes it will spare you failure down the line—well, you’re deluding yourself. For one thing, it’s easier to plan derivative work—things that copy or repeat something already out there. So if your primary goal is to have a fully worked out, set-in-stone plan, you are only upping your chances of being unoriginal.
Haruki Murakami, Absolutely on Music: Conversations with Seiji Ozawa|In that sense, this is not a standard book of interviews. Nor is it what you might call a book of 'celebrity conversations.' What I was searching for - with increasing clarity as the sessions progressed - was something akin to the heart's natural resonance. What I did my best to hear, of course, was that resonance coming from Ozawa's heart. After all, in our conversations I was the interviewer and he was the interviewee. But what I often heard at the same time was the resonance of my own heart. At times that resonance was something I recognized as having long been a part of me, and at other times it came as a complete surprise. In other words, through a kind of sympathetic vibration that occurred during all of these conversations, I may have been simultaneously discovering Seiji Ozawa and, bit by bit, Haruki Murakami.
Janny Wurts, Traitor's Knot|It has been my experience that guilt can burst through the smallest breach and cover the landscape, and abide in it in pools and danknesses, just as native as water.
Christopher Hitchens, Prepared for the Worst: Selected Essays and Minority Reports|Now, I have always wanted to agree with Lady Bracknell that there is no earthly use for the upper and lower classes unless they set each other a good example. But I shouldn't pretend that the consensus itself was any of my concern. It was absurd and slightly despicable, in the first decade of Thatcher and Reagan, to hear former and actual radicals intone piously against 'the politics of confrontation.' I suppose that, if this collection has a point, it is the desire of one individual to see the idea of confrontation kept alive.
Aamir Sarfraz (aamir rajput khan)|Trust because you are willing to accept the risk, not because it's safe or certain.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby|Let us learn how to show our friendship for a man when he is alive and not after he is dead' he suggested, 'After that my own rule is to let everything alone'.
Jason Versey, A Walk with Prudence|Losing something or someone you love hurts. I don’t understand, fully, why having to say goodbye wounds us so deeply but I do know that loss is part of God’s plan. On this side of heaven nothing is permanent. He gives and takes away. What we do in between that time of His giving and His taking is where you’ll find His blessings. Be thankful for the gift that was given…no matter how short. Be thankful.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Thorns and Roses|He sighed and grabbed my left arm, examining the tattoo. “What were you thinking? Didn’t you know I’d come as soon as I could?”I yanked my arm from him. “I was dying! I had a fever—I was barely able to keep conscious! How was I supposed to know you’d come? That you even understood how quickly humans can die of that sort of thing? You told me you hesitated that time with the naga.”“I swore an oath to Tamlin—”“I had no other choice! You think I’m going to trust you after everything you said to me at the manor?”“I risked my neck for you during your task. Was that not enough?” His metal eye whirred softly. “You offered up your name for me—after all that I said to you, all I did, you still offered up your name. Didn’t you realize I would help you after that? Oath or no oath?”I hadn’t realized it would mean anything to him at all. “I had no other choice,” I said again, breathing hard.“Don’t you understand what Rhys is?”“I do!” I barked, then sighed. “I do,” I repeated, and glared at the eye in my palm. “It’s done with. So you needn’t hold to whatever oath you swore to Tamlin to protect me—or feel like you owe me anything for saving you from Amarantha. I would have done it just to wipe the smirk off your brothers’ faces.”Lucien clicked his tongue, but his remaining russet eye shone. “I’m glad to see you didn’t sell your lively human spirit or stubbornness to Rhys.
Margaret Mahy, The Haunting|If people fainted from too much thinking I’d scarcely ever be conscious,” Tabitha began at once. “I think and think all the time, and I’ve never fainted – not once.” She looked over at Barney enviously. “Why do the best things always happen to other people and not to a promising writer?
Frank Miller, Batman: Year One|I want to kill this degenerate bastard brother of yours. But I am not selfish, I do not want to deprive you of that honor.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I must loss everything, to gain anything that Christ Jesus has for me under the power of His grace.
Allan Dare Pearce, Paris in April|It's not equality that counts, it's reprocity that counts. Love is not like a balance sheet. There's no such thing as double-entry accounting when it comes to love.
Kylie Scott, Trust|I’ve lived for nothing and might soon die for less. My Life, Part One will be cancelled midway through the first season
J.K. Rowling|You've only got three choices in life: Give up, give in, or give it all you've got.
C.J. Milbrandt, Inside the Tree: A Ewan Johns Adventure|Every day, they gave him new reasons to smile, laugh, worry, and wonder.
Samantha Stosur|According to an ancient Sardinian legend, the bodies of those who are born on Christmas Eve will never dissolve into dust but are preserved until the end of time.
Stephanie Perkins, Lola and the Boy Next Door|With honesty and a little digging, we have the opportunity to identify our gifts and harness them in the service of our best self—our own unique noble purpose.
Frank  Smith|Writing is for stories to be read, books to be published, poems to be recited, plays to be acted, songs to be sung, newspapers to be shared, letters to be mailed, jokes to be told, notes to be passed, recipes to be cooked, messages to be exchanged, memos to be circulated, announcements to be posted, bills to be collected, posters to be displayed and diaries to be concealed. Writing is for ideas, action, reflection, and experience. It is not for having your ignorance exposed, your sensitivity destroyed, or your ability assessed.
Stanisław Lem|Faith is, at one and the same time, absolutely necessary and altogether impossible.
William Boyd, Waiting for Sunrise|The wounded, the incomplete, the unbalanced, the malfunctioning, the ill seek each other out: like attracted to like.
Anaïs Nin, Henry and June: From "A Journal of Love"--The Unexpurgated Diary of Anaïs Nin|I am not always just living, just following all my fantasies; I come up for air, for understanding.
Edwin D. Ferretti III, The Darkside of the Medallion|If I had known how difficult it was to edit my book, I would have done that first then written the story.
Max Barry, Company|There's no requirement that jobs be meaningful. If there was, half the country would be unemployed.
David McCullough, John Adams|Animalsfattened for your for your arena suffered lessthan you in dying-yours the lawlessnessof something simple that has lost its law,my namesake, and the last Caligula.
Jane Yolen|Studies [on the origin of fairy-stories] are, however, scientific (at least in intent); they are the pursuit of folklorists or anthropologists: that is of people using the stories not as they were meant to be used, but as a quarry from which to dig evidence, or information, about matters in which they are interested....with regard to fairy stories, I feel that it is more interesting, and also in its way more difficult, to consider what they are, what they have become for us, and what values the long alchemic processes of time have produced in them. In Dasent's words I would say: 'We must be satisfied with the soup that is set before us, and not desire to see the bones of the ox out of which it has been boiled.'Such stories have now a mythical or total (unanalysable) effect, an effect quite independent of the findings of Comparative Folk-lore, and one which it cannot spoil or explain; they open a door on Other Time, and if we pass through, though only for a moment, we stand outside our own time, outside Time itself, maybe.
Anthony T. Hincks|If you wish to meet and speak with god, you must first try to tame a wild tiger with a feather and a stick.
Saint Bernard|May nothing entice me till I happily make my way to Jesus Christ! Fire, cross, struggles with wild beasts, wrenching of bones, mangling of limbs - let them come to me, provided only I make my way to Jesus Christ.
Dan Brown, The Lost Symbol|Truth has power. And if we all gravitate toward similar ideas, maybe we do so because those ideas are true...written deep within us. And when we hear the truth, even if we don't understand it, we feel that truth resonate within us...vibrating with our unconscious wisdom. Perhaps the truth is not learned by us, but rather, the truth is re-called...re-membered...-re-cognized...as that which is already inside us.
Wendell Berry, Jayber Crow|History overflows time. Love overflows the allowance of the world. All the vessels overflow, and no end or limit stays put. Every shakable thing has got to be shaken. In a sense, nothing that was ever lost in Port William ever has been replaced. In another sense, nothing is ever lost, and we are compacted together forever, even by our failures, our regrets, and our longings.
Taylor Handley|We have to rise above bad fortune. We have to be in the good and enjoy the good, study and work and adventure and friendship and community and love.
Lynne Sharon Schwartz, Fatigue Artist|Oh, God, Francesca,Now there’s a good one.Why?Why? Why?” He gave each one a different tenor, as if he were testing out the word, asking it todifferent people.“Why?” he asked again, this time with increased volumeas he turned around to face her.“Why? It’sbecause I love you, damn me to hell. Because I’ve always loved you. Because I loved you when youwere with John, and I loved you when I was in India, and God only knows I don’t deserve you, but Ilove you, anyway.”Francesca sagged against the door.“How’s that for a witty little joke?” he mocked. “I loveyou. I loveyou, my cousin’s wife. I loveyou, theone woman I can never have. I loveyou, Francesca Bridger-ton Stirling.
Geneva Gay, Culturally Responsive Teaching: Theory, Research, and Practice|He wet a paper towel, and took my chin, lifting and wiping my 
John Ashbery, Self-Portrait in a Convex Mirror|He stops in his tracks, face expressing major disappointment. "Wait - seriously? That's it? We don't get to do a stealthy tiptoe as we slip around back? No sneaking through a cracked window, or arguing over who gets to crawl through the dogie door to let the other one in?
Annie Lamott|This is the most profound spiritual truth I know: that even when we're most sure that love can't conquer all, it seems to anyway. It goes down into the rat hole with us, in the guise of our friends, and there it swells and comforts. It gives us second winds, third winds, hundredth winds. ...your spirits don't rise until you get way down. Maybe it's because this - the mud, the bottom - is where it all rises from. ...when someone enters that valley with you, that mud, it somehow saves you again.
Suzanne Wright, Spiral of Need|Hey, don't you ever fake orgasms with me."She huffed. "I don't get why guys get so pissed when girls do that. Hell, your gender can fake an actual relationship.
Neal Stephenson, Anathem|... when I saw any of those kinds of beauty I knew I was alive, and not just in the sense that when I hit my thumb with a hammer I knew I was alive, but rather in the sense that I was partaking of something--something was passing through me that it was in my nature to be a part of.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Beautiful and Damned|There was one of his lonelinesses coming, one of those times when he walked the streets or sat, aimless and depressed, biting a pencil at his desk. It was a self-absorption with no comfort, a demand for expression with no outlet, a sense of time rushing by, ceaselessly and wastefully - assuaged only by that conviction that there was nothing to waste, because all efforts and attainments were equally valueless.
Irwin Shaw|How do you survive living in a cell knowing you are innocent? Many of those exonerated whom I have met seem to have a more benign, grateful attitude toward life than those of us who walk free. Many find a religious or spiritual stronghold.
Vivienne Lorret, Winning Miss Wakefield|You have something else of mine, Miss Wakefield,” he amended. “I believe you meant to borrow it and return it directly, but you never did return . . . my heart. It’s been in your possession since our first meeting.”She drew in a staggered breath, daring to hope.“Though without a heart, one might wonder how I came to be here, standing before you right now,” he went on, making her heard spin again. “Do you wonder, Miss Wakefield?”When she nodded, he grinned and placed her hand over his chest.“There is a heart in here, but it is not mine. You see, I believe you made a dire mistake our first meeting. When you meant to return mine, instead you gave me yours. Doesn’t it beat strangely beneath my breast?
Christopher Pike, The Return|Jesus of Nazareth is so entirely one of them they can hardly find anything special about him at all. He fits right in with the messy busyness of everyday life. And it is here, in their midst, with their routines of fish and wine and bread, that he proclaims the kingdom of heaven. The gospel, Jesus teaches, is in the yeast, as a woman kneads it with her bare hands into the cool, pungent dough. It is in the soil, so warm and moist when freshly turned by muscular arms and backs. It is in the tiny seeds of mustard and wheat, painstakingly saved and dried from last season's harvest...Jesus placed the gospel in these tactile things, with all the grit of life surrounding him, because it is through all this touching, tasting, and smelling that his own sheep- his beloved, hardworking, human flock- know. And it is through these most mundane, touchable, smellable, tasteable pieces of commonplace existence that he shows them, and us, to find God and know him. Jesus delivered the good news in a rough, messy, hands-on package of donkeys and dusty roads, bleeding women and lepers, water from the well, and wine from the water. Holy work in the world has always been like this: messy, earthy, physical, touchable.
Ash Gray, The Infinite Athenaeum|Owllwin was easiest the most contrary person Cricket had ever known. He was arrogant but humble, cowardly but brave, foolish but wise. He was funny, but sometimes she caught him crying when he was off on his own. It were as if he pushed himself to be a better person in spite of himself, in spite of his own failings, and Cricket secretly admired the fact: not many people were willing to admit they had faults in the first place.
David Halberstam, Summer of '49|If there is one fact we really can prove, from the history that we really do know, it is that despotism can be a development, often a late development and very often indeed the end of societies that have been highly democratic. A despotism may almost be defined as a tired democracy. As fatigue falls on a community, the citizens are less inclined for that eternal vigilance which has truly been called the price of liberty; and they prefer to arm only one single sentinel to watch the city while they sleep.
Alice Walker, The Color Purple|Here's the thing, say Shug. The thing I believe. God is inside you and inside everybody else. You come into the world with God. But only them that search for it inside find it. And sometimes it just manifest itself even if you not looking, or don't know what you looking for. Trouble do it for most folks, I think. Sorrow, lord. Feeling like shit.It? I ast.Yeah, It. God ain't a he or a she, but a It.But what do it look like? I ast.Don't look like nothing, she say. It ain't a picture show. It ain't something you can look at apart from anything else, including yourself. I believe God is everything, say Shug. Everything that is or ever was or ever will be. And when you can feel that, and be happy to feel that, you've found It.Shug a beautiful something, let me tell you. She frown a little, look out cross the yard, lean back in her chair, look like a big rose. She say, My first step from the old white man was trees. Then air. Then birds. Then other people. But one day when I was sitting quiet and feeling like a motherless child, which I was, it come to me: that feeling of being part of everything, not separateat all. I knew that if I cut a tree, my arm would bleed. And I laughed and I cried and I run all around the house. I knew just what it was. In fact, when it happen, you can't miss it. It sort of like you know what, she say, grinning and rubbing high up on my thigh.Shug! I say.Oh, she say. God love all them feelings. That's some of the best stuff God did. And when you know God loves 'em you enjoys 'em a lot more. You can just relax, go with everything that's going, and praise God by liking what you like.God don't think it dirty? I ast.Naw, she say. God made it. Listen, God love everything you love? and a mess of stuff you don't. But more than anything else, God love admiration.You saying God vain? I ast.Naw, she say. Not vain, just wanting to share a good thing. I think it pisses God off if you walk by the color purple in a field somewhere and don't notice it.What it do when it pissed off? I ast.Oh, it make something else. People think pleasing God is all God care about. But any fool living in the world can see it always trying to please us back.Yeah? I say.Yeah, she say. It always making little surprises and springing them on us when us least expect.You mean it want to be loved, just like the bible say.Yes, Celie, she say. Everything want to be loved. Us sing and dance, make faces and give flower bouquets, trying to be loved. You ever notice that trees do everything to git attention we do, except walk?Well, us talk and talk bout God, but I'm still adrift. Trying to chase that old white man out of my head. I been so busy thinking bout him I never truly notice nothing God make. Not a blade of corn (how it do that?) not the color purple (where it come from?). Not the little wildflowers. Nothing. Now that my eyes opening, I feels like a fool. Next to any little scrub of a bush in my yard, Mr. ____s evil sort of shrink. But not altogether. Still, it is like Shug say, You have to git man off your eyeball, before you can see anything a'tall.Man corrupt everything, say Shug. He on your box of grits, in your head, and all over the radio. He try to make you think he everywhere.Soon as you think he everywhere, you think he God. But he ain't. Whenever you trying to pray, and man plop himself on the other end of it, tell him to git lost, say Shug. Conjure up flowers, wind,water, a big rock.But this hard work, let me tell you. He been there so long, he don't want to budge. He threaten lightening, floods and earthquakes. Us fight. I hardly pray at all. Every time I conjure up a rock, I throw it.Amen
Malala Yousafzai|Since I've started fighting it has taught me a lot about self respect, self confidence and self control.
G.K. Chesterton, Alarms and Discursions|Modern art has to be what is called ‘intense.’ it is not easy to define being intense; but, roughly speaking, it means saying only one thing at a time, and saying it wrong.
Johnny Rich|I don’t see big subjects as separate from little ones. Yes, you could trudge through life with great human tragedies played out before your eyes without ever taking notice. Or you could see a universe in the smallest thing. The way a person takes their coffee, for example, might say something profound and important about that person, about all humanity, about existence itself.
Jerome K. Jerome|Are we labouring at some Work too vast for us to perceive? Are our passions and desires mere whips and traces by the help of which we are driven? Any theory seems more hopeful than the thought that all our eager, fretful lives are but the turning of a useless prison crank. Looking back the little distance that our dim eyes can penetrate the past, what do we find? Civilizations, built up with infinite care, swept aside and lost. Beliefs for which men lived and died, proved to be mockeries. Greek Art crushed to the dust by Gothic bludgeons. Dreams of fraternity, drowned in blood by a Napoleon. What is left to us, but the hope that the work itself, not the result, is the real monument? Maybe, we are as children, asking, "Of what use are these lessons? What good will they ever be to us?" But there comes a day when the lad understands why he learnt grammar and geography, when even dates have a meaning for him. But this is not until he has left school, and gone out into the wider world. So, perhaps, when we are a little more grown up, we too may begin to understand the reason for our living
David L. King Jr.|We all share three things in common: We are breathing, we have a heart, and most importantly we have twenty four hours to live. With those things, we should not have an excuse as to why the dash between our birth and death dates is so much more smaller than the length in which we walked the Earth. We have the air to live, we have a heart to have passion and care, and we have the time to make the change and better world happen.
Eugene Mirman|Most bullies are the product of a stressful and often abusive home life. Next time a bully threatens or attacks you, just yell, 'Don't abuse me like your parents abuse you!' Then call children's services and tell them you saw this bully crying in the bathroom and you're worried about him. Bam! He just got moved to a foster home.
Daisy Whitney, When You Were Here|Because I'm living, and I sure as hell don't have a clue how to feel anything but empty.
Theresa Sjoquist|Life is not an orderly progression, self-contained like a musical scale or a quadratic equation... If one is to record one's life truthfully, one must aim at getting into the record of it something of the disorderly discontinuity which makes it so absurd, unpredictable, bearable.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|Then forget Gabriel. Is there a particular reason you keep biting vampires?”Will touched the dried blood on his wrists and smiled. “They don’t expect it.”“Of course they don’t. They know what happens when one of us consumes vampire blood. They probably expect you to have more sense.”“That expectation never seems to serve them very well, does it?”“It hardly serves you, either.
Raphael Zernoff|When we say we understand something, but we do not experience it, we do not understand it. Understanding and experiencing are the same thing. For example, we may say: I understand the importance of forgiveness BUT I can't do it. Firstly, replace "I can't do it" with:I am choosing to remain in the state of being of ignorance (misinformation), because I believe it to be the best option I can choose from.Secondly, replace "I understand the importance of forgiveness" with:"I do not understand the importance of forgiveness". Being honest with oneself is the first step to self-understanding.
Philip K. Dick, VALIS|The exegesis Fat labored on month after month struck me as a Pyrrhic victory if there ever was one -- in this case an attempt by a beleaguered mind to make sense out of the inscrutable. Perhaps this is the bottom line to mental illness: incomprehensible events occur; your life becomes a bin for hoax-like fluctuations of what used to be reality. And not only that -- as if that weren't enough -- but you, like Fat, ponder forever over these fluctuations in an effort to order them into a coherency, when in fact the only sense they make is the sense you impose on them, out of necessity to restore everything into shapes and processes you can recognize. The first thing to depart in mental illness is the familiar. And what takes its place is bad news because not only can you not understand it, you also cannot communicate it to other people. The madman experiences something, but what it is or where it comes from he does not know.
Anonymous, The Dhammapada|A fearless heart is free of desire, a kind heart finds paradise everywhere.
Steve Jobs|When you're on a series, it's tough to go on and do something else afterward. If you're smart, save your money and you can wait out the bad times, until something else comes along.
Vishwas Chavan|We are born winners, but we are hypnotized by the society to succumb to mediocrity and moulded into self-victimization. It is for each one of us to regain our self-geniusness.
Lisa Kleypas, Dream Lake|Grief's not like a cancer, doesn't go when the operation's done and the darkness is out. It's a knife wound. Take out the blade and you still go the bleeding, wait long enough, and it turns to a scar, but it's always with you the rest of your life.
Nina George, The Little Paris Bookshop|I do not know if you have ever examined how you listen, it doesn't matter to what, whether to a bird, to the wind in the leaves, to the rushing waters, or how you listen to a dialogue with yourself, to your conversation in various relationships with your intimate friends, your wife or husband. If we try to listen we find it extraordinarily difficult, because we are always projecting our opinions and ideas, our prejudices, our background, our inclinations, our impulses; when they dominate we hardly listen to what is being said. In that state there is no value at all. One listens and therefore learns, only in a state of attention, a state of silence in which this whole background is in abeyance, is quiet; then, it seems to me, it is possible to communicate.
Pope Paul VI, Humanae Vitae: Of Human Life|Married love, therefore, requires of husband and wife the full awareness of their obligations in the matter of responsible parenthood, which today, rightly enough, is much insisted upon, but which at the same time should be rightly understood. Thus, we do well to consider responsible parenthood in the light of its varied legitimate and interrelated aspects.
William Goldman, The Princess Bride|True love is the best thing in the world, except for cough drops.
Moby|Ours is a government of checks and balances. The Mafia and crooked businessmen make out checks, and the politicians and other compromised officials improve their bank balances.
Edna Ferber|Unlike any other form of thought, daydreaming is its own reward.
Neil Postman, Amusing Ourselves to Death: Public Discourse in the Age of Show Business|When every single piece of media you consume is time-shifted, does that mean it's actually you that's time-shifted?
Mishi McCoy|The excellence and efficiency of any nation or of our global community at large is driven by the collective empowerment of individuals. Gross consumer waste, haphazard bureaucratic spending, and the careless consumption of natural resources are all reflections of the mismanagement of personal power common within the average citizen.
Mervyn Peake, Gormenghast|It had been an embarrassing moment, like the one you get when you realize for the first time that you have what it takes to become an accountant.
Tad R. Callister, The Infinite Atonement|Elder Neal A. Maxwell suggests that the prime reason the Savior personally acts as the gatekeeper of the celestial kingdom is not to exclude people, but to personally welcome and embrace those who have made it back home.
Jon Krakauer, Eiger Dreams: Ventures Among Men and Mountains|Boredom presents a very real, if insidious peril. To quote Blaine Harden from the Washington post:“Boredom kills, and those it does not kill, it cripples, and those it does not cripple, it bleeds like a leech, leaving its victims pale, insipid, and brooding. Examples abound...Rats kept in comfortable isolation quickly become jumpy, irritable, and aggressive. Their bodies twitch, their tails grow scaly." The backcountry traveler, then, in addition to developing such skills as the use of a map and compass, or the prevention and treatment of blisters, must prepare mentally and materially to cope with boredom, lest his tail grow scaly.
Mona Sutphen|The Dove, on silver pinions, winged her peaceful way.
Julie Ann Dawson|Contrary to the tenets of conventional wisdom, viral ideas and campaigns were not first transmitted via the electronic media of the Internet age. Their ideological forebears lived and replicated in the host coffee-houses, inns and taverns of the early eighteenth-century.
Franklin D. Roosevelt|Fortitude is the marshal of thought, the armor of the will, and the fort of reason.
Julia Restoin Roitfeld|One of the hardest things for me, now that I'm famous, is finding people who can read my stuff and give me an honest critique.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|Atticus, he was real nice.""Most people are, Scout, when you finally see them.
Laura Lippman, What the Dead Know|I'm speaking of the character of human beings, not what they believe in. I'm speaking of those who won't accept a useless life just because they were born to it. I mean those who would be something better. They work, they sacrifice, they do things..." He was moved by this, and I was a little surprised that I'd said it. Yet I felt I'd had hurt him somehow. "There is blessedness in that." I said. "There's sanctity. And God or no God, there is goodness in it. I know this the way I know the mountains are out there, that the stars shine.
Paramahansa Yogananda|When the body is in trouble, we must find and eliminate the cause, not medicate the symptom
Joe Bob Briggs|Nobody understands anyone 18, including those who are 18.
Esther Forbes|Between my first book tour, in 2003, and the next one, in 2009, many of the places I visited had undergone a significant transformation or vanished: Cody’s in Berkeley, seven branch libraries in Philadelphia, twelve of the fourteen bookstores in Harvard Square, Harry W. Schwartz in Milwaukee and, in my own hometown of Washington, D.C., Olsson’s and Chapters.
Hunter S. Thompson|Faster, Faster, until the thrill of speed overcomes the fear of death.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|The gut is the seat of all feeling. Polluting the gut not only cripples your immune system, but also destroys your sense of empathy, the ability to identify with other humans. Bad bacteria in the gut creates neurological issues. Autism can be cured by detoxifying the bellies of young children. People who think that feelings come from the heart are wrong. The gut is where you feel the loss of a loved one first. It's where you feel pain and a heavy bulk of your emotions. It's the central base of your entire immune system. If your gut is loaded with negative bacteria, it affects your mind. Your heart is the seat of your conscience. If your mind is corrupted, it affects your conscience. The heart is the Sun. The gut is the Moon. The pineal gland is Neptune, and your brain and nervous system (5 senses) are Mercury. What affects the moon or sun affects the entire universe within. So, if you poison the gut, it affects your entire nervous system, your sense of reasoning, and your senses.
Snow Patrol|You really want to know what else it was my mom said about you?" he asked.She shook her head.He didn't seem to notice. "She said you'd break my heart," he told her, and left.
Colleen Chen, Dysmorphic Kingdom|The nobles had made reading unpopular, as it showed that one couldn’t afford to buy spells or magical devices, since one had to get knowledge to do things the ordinary way; even if this view held little logic, the king himself was known to insult readers as “bookfaces” or “unable to think for themselves, so they need to spout what others have said,” and these opinions became popular, as did most views expressed by the king or his son.
Anne Ursu, The Real Boy|Because," she said, "when you're scared but you still do it anyway, that's brave.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby|The key to everything is patience. You get the chicken by hatching the egg, not by smashing it.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|It's the oasis," said the camel driver."Well, why don't we go there right now?" the boy asked."Because we have to sleep.
Tahereh Mafi, Unravel Me|Opening the freezer, Easy smiled. God bless the Rixeys’ ice-cream addiction. There were so many containers, it seemed entirely plausible that they’d robbed an ice-cream delivery truck. He sorted through the tubs until he found a container of chocolate. Bingo. Next, he grabbed the milk from the fridge. And then he opened a bunch of cabinets until he found a blender at the back of one of them. The layer of dust on its surfaces told of how long it had gone unused. He rinsed and wiped it off, then brought the detachable pitcher to the other counter, where the ice cream lay waiting. Shane’s expression was two seconds away from amused. “Not a word, McCallan.” He held up his hands and shook his head, but he couldn’t hold back the smile. Fucker. Scoop, scoop, scoop, milk. Lid on, Easy placed the container on the blender and hit mix. Two minutes later, he had something approximating a very thick milk shake. He spooned it into a glass, then gathered the bagel and soup. Next he built his sandwich, sneaking pieces of beef and cheese as he worked. “Damn, that looks good,” Shane said, pushing off the stool and grabbing a plate for himself. “Think I’ll make some food for me and Sara, too.” Easy suddenly felt less self-conscious with Shane making food for his woman, too. Whoa. He froze with a piece of rye bread in his hand. Jenna was not his woman. But maybe she could be. Slapping the bread on top of the lettuce, Easy’s thoughts spun—he came up with lots of reasons why it probably wasn’t a good idea, but that didn’t make him want it any less. Mid-sandwich-making, Shane spoke in low, even tones. “We don’t have to do that thing where I tell you to handle Jenna with care if you’re thinking of starting something with her, do we?” For. Fuck. Sake. Not that Easy was particularly surprised by the question. Hadn’t he been half expecting it? And, his brain noted with interest, it wasn’t a warning off. “Nope.” “I didn’t think so,” Shane said in that same casual, even tone. “I see how protective you are of her, Easy, and I’m glad for that. I know you’ll treat her right, so I’m not saying a thing about it, except handle with care.” Nodding, Easy concentrated on making the floor stand still under his feet. “I like her, Shane,” he finally said, echoing the conversation he and Shane had had a few nights ago about Shane’s growing feelings for Sara. And, well, hi, how ya doin’, Mr. Hypocrite, Easy had told Shane he had to come clean with the team. Despite the fact that Easy hadn’t done so himself. Still. “Yeah,” Shane said, clapping him on the back of the neck and squeezing. “I know.” Wow.From the thin cabinet next to the oven Easy retrieved a baking sheet to use as a tray. Improvisation he could do. He loaded it down with everything he thought they’d need, lifted it into his arms and then he was all about getting back to Jenna.
Amy Tan, The Bonesetter's Daughter|Happiness is found in the simplest of things. Happiness is found in gratitude, in a kept promise, in a good conversation, in love, in friendship, in an achieved goal, in a fond memory; in all the simple magnificence of life.
Juan Ramon Jimenez|I guess I wanted to leave America for awhile. It wasn't that I wanted to become an expatriate, or just never come back, I needed some breathing room. I'd already been translating French poetry, I'd been to Paris once before and liked it very much, and so I just went.
Niccolò Machiavelli|... From want of foresight men make changes which relishing well at first do not betray their hidden venom, as I have already observed respecting hectic fever. Nevertheless, the ruler is not truly wise who cannot discern evils before they develop themselves, and this is a faculty given to few.
Iain M. Banks, Matter|Welcome to the future, she thought, surveying all this wordage and tat. All our tragedies and triumphs, our lives and deaths, our shames and joys are just stuffing for your emptiness.
Darynda Jones|I learn from everything I do, right and wrong. I think it helps me grow as a writer and a person.
Hunter S. Thompson, The Proud Highway: Saga of a Desperate Southern Gentleman, 1955-1967|There are two hundred million idiots, manipulated by a million intelligent men.
Paulo Coelho, Manuscript Found in Accra|Dont try to be useful. Try to be yourself; that is enough, and that makes all the difference.
Julia London, The Dangers of Deceiving a Viscount|-On creating a false identity for Pheobe-"A widow," Ava insisted."How did her husband die?" Greer asked."I hardly know," Ava said with a shrug as she rocked Jonathan in her arms. "How do men typically die? A fall from a horse or some such thing.""I scarcely believe scores of men are falling to their deaths from their saddles," Greer said drily.
Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games|Student food." His eyes went to the tomato on the sill. "Whatever's in the refrigerator over pasta.
Zig Ziglar|No matter what happens in life, be good to people. Being good to people is a wonderful legacy to leave behind.
Michael  Jackson, Dancing the Dream|But for me the sweetest contact with God has no form. I close my eyes, look within, and enter a deep soft silence. The infinity of God's creation embraces me.
Peter Singer, Practical Ethics|In thinking about ethics, we should not hesitate to question ethical views that are almost universally accepted if we have reasons for thinking that they may not be as securely grounded as they appear to be.
Seth Shostak|Journalism, as concerns collecting information, differs little if at all from intelligence work. In my judgment, a journalist's job is very interesting.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, Divided & Conquered|Culture is more important than vision. Some leaders have great vision, but have created a toxic culture where that vision will never happen.
Dada Bhagwan|If one were to just understand the worldly life and what it is, he would attain liberation [moksha]. The worldly life is ‘relative’. And “All these relatives are temporary adjustments”.
Virginia Woolf, Orlando|She was married, true; but if one's husband was always sailing round Cape Horn, was it marriage? If one liked him, was it marriage? If one liked other people, was it marriage? And finally, if one still wished, more than anything in the whole world, to write poetry, was it marriage? She had her doubts.
Siri Hustvedt, A Plea for Eros: Essays|It can only be that places left behind often become emotionally simplified - that they sound a single note of pain or pleasure, which means that they are never what they were.
Zoltan Istvan, The Transhumanist Wager|Their management and regulation of our lives spans the total spectrum of American experience, from their obtuse Imperial Measurement System, to their irregularity-strangled English language. From their lobbyist-ruled government bureaucracy, to their consumer-oriented religious holidays like Christmas. From their brainless professional sports jocks cast as heroes, to their anorexic supermodels warping the concept of beauty. These are the people who made sugary colas more important that water; fast food more important than health; television sitcoms more important than reading literature. They made smoking a joint in your home a crime; going out in public without your hair tinted an embarrassment; and accidentally carrying a half-filled bottle of baby formula on an airplane a terrorist act. Do you realize 85 percent of Americans still say 'God bless you' after someone sneezes? And that 'In God We Trust' is on every single dollar in circulation? Or that 'One nation under God' is recited everyday in the Pledge of Allegiance by millions of impressionable kids?
Ellen Hopkins, Triangles|A daughter is a rainbow - a curve of light through scattered mist that lifts the spirit with her prismatic presence. Is a shadow - a reminder of something brilliant ducking out of sight, too easily drawn away. She is an aria, swelling within the concern chamber, an echo reverberating across a miniature sea. She is a secret, whispered, a hint of what we cannot know until it finds us. She is a sliver of her father, a shard of her mother. A daughter is a promise, kept.
Neil Gaiman|And then this whole deal of new gods, old gods," said his friend. "You ask me, I welcome new gods. Bring the on. The god of guns. The god of bombs. All the gods of ignorance and intolerance, of self-righteousness, idiocy and blame. All the stuff they try and land me with. Take a lot of the weight off my shoulders.
Courtney Milan|Libraries are the future of reading. When the economy is down, we need to make it easier for people to buy and read books for free, not harder. It is stupid to sacrifice tomorrow’s book buyers for today’s dollars, especially when it’s obvious that the source in question doesn’t have any more dollars to give you.
H. Jackson Brown Jr., P.S. I Love You|If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant: if we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so wel
Robert G. Ingersoll, About The Holy Bible|Some Christian lawyers—some eminent and stupid judges—have said and still say, that the Ten Commandments are the foundation of all law.Nothing could be more absurd. Long before these commandments were given there were codes of laws in India and Egypt—laws against murder, perjury, larceny, adultery and fraud. Such laws are as old as human society; as old as the love of life; as old as industry; as the idea of prosperity; as old as human love.All of the Ten Commandments that are good were old; all that were new are foolish. If Jehovah had been civilized he would have left out the commandment about keeping the Sabbath, and in its place would have said: 'Thou shalt not enslave thy fellow-men.' He would have omitted the one about swearing, and said: 'The man shall have but one wife, and the woman but one husband.' He would have left out the one about graven images, and in its stead would have said: 'Thou shalt not wage wars of extermination, and thou shalt not unsheathe the sword except in self-defence.'If Jehovah had been civilized, how much grander the Ten Commandments would have been.All that we call progress—the enfranchisement of man, of labor, the substitution of imprisonment for death, of fine for imprisonment, the destruction of polygamy, the establishing of free speech, of the rights of conscience; in short, all that has tended to the development and civilization of man; all the results of investigation, observation, experience and free thought; all that man has accomplished for the benefit of man since the close of the Dark Ages—has been done in spite of the Old Testament.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Knowledge is the most prized commodity in the entire universe, and it is infinite in its commodity.
Felix Alba-Juez, E=mc^2: The Most Famous Equation in History... and its Folklore|After some cogitation, it is difficult not to agree with Herman Bondi (1919 - 2005), who in his book 'Relativity and Common Sense' says:... The surprising thing, surely, is that molecules in a gas behave so much as billiard balls, not that electrons behave so little like billiard balls.
Mike Dooley, Notes from the Universe Coloring Book|Always follow your Heart; unless it's been broken, then you must lead it. Back into Love, The Universe
Rachel Caine, Firestorm|I didn't bring you here," he said. "You think you're Miss Special Destiny of the 
J.D. Stanley, Blood Runner|It was magic, the oldest magic of all when day became night, gods working in tandem, and I gave it the full benefit of my witness for the singular wonder it was.
Prajakta Mhadnak|I slept under the moonlight and set my soul free, caged within jars like fireflies".
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|Real Women make an impact, they are Irresistible
Heinz Linge, With Hitler to the End: The Memoirs of Adolf Hitler's Valet|It's strange how things seem to come full circle. You know what I mean? I'm sure you do. The way your life seems to drift along with no set path, then something good happens to you and you can trace the line that brought you there back to a specific disappointment or rejection you suffered in the past. It's nice that things can level out that way.
Debasish Mridha|In order to create a positive life, you have to have a positive vision and take creative actions.
C. S. Lewis|Climate change is a terrible problem, and it absolutely needs to be solved. It deserves to be a huge priority.
Akash Lakhotia, World Hypnotized: Making of the Fuhrer|Remember, life is a bit tough most of the time.Also remember, if it was easy it would be boring.
Elizabeth D. Marie, Chasing Cinders|Often, we speak too hastily. We claim ideals and embrace images and dreams of fantasy. We make promises without thinking about the consequences.
Jeffrey Eugenides, The Virgin Suicides|Mr. Lisbon had the feeling that he didn't know who she was, that children were only strangers you agreed to live with.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|Suddenly she felt strong and happy. She was not afraid of the darkness or the fog and she knew with a singing in her heart that she would never fear them again. No matter what mists might curl around her in the future, she knew her refuge. She started briskly up the street toward home and the blocks seemed very long. Far, far too long. She caught up her skirts to her knees and began to run lightly. But this time she was not running from fear. She was running because Rhett's arms were at the end of the street.
Tamora Pierce|It is hard work to control the workings of inclination and turn the bent of nature; but that it may be done, I know from experience. God has given us, in a measure, the power to make our own fate: and when our energies seem to demand a sustenance they cannot get--when our will strains after a path we may not follow--we need neither starve from inanition, not stand still in despair: we have but to seek another nourishment for the mind, as strong as the forbidden fruit it longed to taste--and perhaps purer; and to hew out for the adventurous foot a road as direct and broad as the one Fortune has blocked up against us, if rougher than it.
Alexandra Potter, You're The One That I Don't Want|Forget men, I want to marry my MacBook. It’s dependable, reliable and you can even go shopping with it.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Pray until you can pray. And when you can pray,  keep praying.
Edward Abbey, Postcards from Ed: Dispatches and Salvos from an American Iconoclast|Should a writer have a social purpose? Any honest writer is bound to become a critic of the society he lives in, and sometimes, like Mark Twain or Kurt Vonnegut or Leo Tolstoy or Francois Rabelais, a very harsh critic indeed. The others are sycophants, courtiers, servitors, entertainers. Shakespeare was a sychophant; however, he was and is also a very good poet, and so we continue to read him.
Juhani Peltonen|As Peter Berger has noted, the strategy of apologizing for Christian faith by trying to demonstrate its social utility is always eventually self-liquidating. Sooner of later people realize that a great many of the supposedly practical and secular benefits of the Christian religion can be had more easily without religion...The logic of practical atheism may well be more deeply ingrained in the evangelical tradition than conservatives perhaps have realized.
Jay Woodman|Ladies let me give you some advice: Men will treat you the way you let them. There is no such thing as “deserving” respect; you get what you demand from people,
Frances Beinecke|Transparency, accountability and sustainability have become the slogans of the market leaders. Companies carry out environmental and social audits to court the consumer, and even the bluest chips woo organisations such as Greenpeace and Amnesty.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Think outside the box; if possible, think as if there is no box. Aim high, above the ceilings; aim as if no ceiling can limit you. Dream big!
Larry Kramer, Faggots|Well, kid, I have seen the future and it shits.
Michael  Grant, Lies|The decision can’t alone be mine,While the chalice is still full of wine
Ronnie McBrayer, The Jesus Tribe: Following Christ in the Land of the Empire|If outside forces and culture were the reasons behind declining and non-influential churches, we would likely have no churches today. The greatest periods of growth, particularly the first-century growth, took place in adversarial cultures. We are not hindered by external forces; we are hindered by our own lack of commitment and selflessness.
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|Sometimes we miss our blessings in life because they do not arrive the way we think they should. Because our minds are so shallow, so limited, we think our blessings have to come a certain way and sometimes we miss them walking up and down the street. Open your mind: get your blessing.
Henri Nouwen|You are my Beloved, on you my favor rests.' It certainly is not easy to hear that voice in a world filled with voices that shout: 'You are no good, you are ugly; you are worthless; you are despicable, you are nobody- unless you can demonstrate the opposite.' These negative voices are so loud and so persistent that it is easy to believe them. That's the great trap. It is the trap of self-rejection.
Natalia Jaster, Touch|The story was heavy in her hands, the book spread open like legs, the letters very small i spite of describing such a big moment
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway to Healing After Loss: Soulfully Inspiring You Whilst Mourning Loss and Working Through Grief|May you find the strength and resolve today, to allow a deeper sense of healing to begin.
Simon Holt, The Devouring|Surrender to your fear so you may triumph over it.Choose me,open you soul to me, and embrace the Devouring.
My Law Tutors|There is no law beyond Do what thou wilt.Love is the law, love under will.
Kunal Sareen|Somewhere down the lane, you'll learn to let go of things which've already left you.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|All wars are sacred,” he said. “To those who have to fight them. If the people who started wars didn’t make them sacred, who would be foolish enough to fight? But, no matter what rallying cries the orators give to the idiots who fight, no matter what noble purposes they assign to wars, there is never but one reason for a war. And that is money. All wars are in reality money squabbles. But so few people ever realize it. Their ears are too full of bugles and drums and the fine words from stay-at-home orators. Sometimes the rallying cry is ’save the Tomb of Christ from the Heathen!’ Sometimes it’s ’down with Popery!’ and sometimes ‘Liberty!’ and sometimes ‘Cotton, Slavery and States’ Rights!
Lucy H. Pearce, Burning Woman|Standing in the ring of fire, the eye of the storm, the vortex of pain and pressure is simultaneously the most vulnerable and most powerful place to be. Here we embody paradox. We stand our ground and surrender completely. Here we know the full power of the Feminine.
Andrew Kendall, The Dark Dictionary: A Guide to Help Eradicate Your Darkness, Restore Your Light, and Redefine Your Life.|I was a slave to my own darkness, believing in my false created, thought-identified identity so much that it forged what felt like a wasteland of a reality.
Giovanni della Casa|A man must...not be content to do things well, but must also aim to do them gracefully.
Joseph C. Morecraft III|In order to live without creating any serious problems for the group's harmony, people avoid expressing their ideas clearly, even the point of avoiding giving a simple yes or no answer. If a person really wanted to say no, he or she said nothing at first, then used vague expressions that conveyed the nuance of disagreement.
Sue Grafton, O is for Outlaw|So much of the past in encapsulated in the odds and ends. Most of us discard more information about ourselves than we ever care to preserve. Our recollection of the past is not simply distorted by our faulty perception of events remembered but skewed by those forgotten. The memory is like twin orbiting stars, one visible, one dark, the trajectory of what's evident forever affected by the gravity of what's concealed.
J.G. Ballard, High-Rise|Be careful how you suggest things to me. For there is in me a madness which goes beyond martyrdom, the madness of an utterly idle man.
Akshay Vasu|Where there’s smoke, there’s usually fire,” Solo says before adding quietly, “Usually an electrical fire near the hyperspace drive, which Chewie always warns me about…
Keysha Jade|The trick when it comes to dealing with depression is being able to imagine yourself out of it. When you can picture a happier life, you will be determined to work at the things that prevent it from happening.
G.K. Chesterton, The Thing|Happiness is not only a hope, but also in some strange manner a memory ... we are all kings in exile.
April Mae Monterrosa|When we are in the dark, true friends are like a ray of light from heaven, it is for us to follow it or not.
Don Kladstrup, Wine and War: The French, the Nazis, and the Battle for France's Greatest Treasure|In my meditations, I find that nothing in life counts more than the happiness we can give others, the good that we can do. This is what we must teach our children, to think of others more than they think of themselves, for it is in this way they will find the most noble satisfaction of all. ~ Maurice Drouhin writing to his wife from prison in 1941
Mira Grant, How Green This Land, How Blue This Sea|It was the hubris of each generation to think this anew, to think that their time was special, that all things would come to an end with them.
Eleanor Roosevelt|Many people will walk in and out of your life, but only true friends will leave footprints in your heart
Gugu Mona|I don't want to be rich yet live a life of unhappiness, but I also don't want to be poor because I have never seen happiness in poverty.
Dirk Benedict|We are fascinated with our own history, and we are fascinated with the Romans because they were millennia ago, and yet they still capture our imagination because they were actually so similar to us. They were very civilized. They had a very similar political system.
John Mark Green|She thirsted for love, but found only a mirage. Some hearts are a desert you can die wandering in.
Kailash Satyarthi|I always see the glass half full. I see the beauty in others, and I see the hope for tomorrow. If we don't have hope and faith, we have nothing.
Liliana Kohann, A Thin Book of Fat Poems|Be kind to your future self, and your future will be kind to you.
Emily Gould, Friendship|He was a squirrel. Could he be a superhero, too?
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|In traveling, a companion, in life, compassion,'" she repeats, making sure of it. If she had paper and pencil, it wouldn't surprise me if she wrote it down. "So what does that really mean? In simple terms." I think it over. It takes me a while to gather my thoughts, but she waits patiently. "I think it means," I say, "that chance encounters are what keep us going. In simple terms.
Albert Einstein|I speak to everyone in the same way, whether he is the garbage man or the president of the university.
Neil deGrasse Tyson, Astrophysics for People in a Hurry|The gravitational waves of the first detection were generated by a collision of black holes in a galaxy 1.3 billion light-years away, and at a time when Earth was teeming with simple, single-celled organisms. While the ripple moved through space in all directions, Earth would, after another 800 million years, evolve complex life, including flowers and dinosaurs and flying creatures, as well as a branch of vertebrates called mammals. Among the mammals, a sub-branch would evolve frontal lobes and complex thought to accompany them. We call them primates. A single branch of these primates would develop a genetic mutation that allowed speech, and that branch—Homo Sapiens—would invent agriculture and civilization and philosophy and art and science. All in the last ten thousand years. Ultimately, one of its twentieth-century scientists would invent relativity out of his head, and predict the existence of gravitational waves. A century later, technology capable of seeing these waves would finally catch up with the prediction, just days before that gravity wave, which had been traveling for 1.3 billion years, washed over Earth and was detected.Yes, Einstein was a badass.
Ralph Thomas Walker|Kevin Hart. He's the man! I like his style. He's short, so I can relate. All the stories he tells are real. I respect that, and he's just a really funny dude - great comedy instincts. To do stand-up on a stage for an hour and tell stories and make people laugh is incredible.
Atul Gawande|Health care is a need; it's not a commodity, and it should be distributed according to need. If you're very sick, you should have a lot of it. If you're not sick, you shouldn't have a lot of it.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|God will never—never—lead you to do something that is contrary to His written Word, the Bible.
Eoin Colfer, The Time Paradox|Who are you?" he asked.I am the future queen of this world, at the very least. You may refer to me as Mistress Koboi for the next five minutes. After that you may refer to me as Aaaaarrrrgh, hold your throat, die screaming, and so on.
Eoin Colfer, The Time Paradox|You will not! It's wrong.""What, kissing you, or kissing you in Pies and Stuff?
Carl Henegan, Darkness Left Undone|I find it boring and a waste of time debating other people’s opinions, however challenging my own is always intriguing and there is where I inevitably discover growth.
Emma Campion, The King's Mistress|That is how we become wise, by living each day attending to the lessons God puts in our path.
Philip Yancey, The Bible Jesus Read|Bodily delight is a sensory experience, not any different from pure looking or the pure feeling with which a beautiful fruit fills the tongue; it is a great, an infinite learning that is given to us, a knowledge of the world, the fullness and the splendor of all knowledge...the individual...can remember that all beauty in animals and plants is a silent, enduring form of love and yearning, and he can see the animal, as he sees plants, patiently and willingly uniting and multiplying and growing, not out of physical pleasure, not out of physical pain, but bowing to necessities that are greater than pleasure and pain, and more powerful than will and withstanding. If only human beings could more humbly receive this mystery---which the world is filled with...
William Hague|Of course it is a very simple matter to identify genes which might modify intelligence or memory and start thinking about whether you want to enhance a human, and the next generation is going to have to deal with that issue. Should we be trying to enhance humans rather than trying to educate them and so on?
Richelle Mead, The Ruby Circle|Those words, that voice, had more power over me than any phantom ever could.
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|What worlds are there herein? I’ll tell you. In these seas of fragrant waters, numerous as atoms in unspeakably many buddha-fields, rest an equal number of world systems. Each world system also contains an equal number of worlds. Those world systems in the ocean of worlds have various resting places, various shapes and forms, various substances and essences, various locations, various entryways, various adornments, various boundaries, various alignments, various similarities, and various powers of maintenance.
Penelope Williamson|Heartache, to her, coursed through everything--which was as it should be, since people needed it to make them kind.pg. 4
Alain de Botton, The Architecture of Happiness|What we seek, at the deepest level, is inwardly to resemble, rather than physically to possess, the objects and places that touch us through their beauty.
Sanchit Gupta, The Tree with a Thousand Apples|You killed the mandir in their homes, you killed the masjid in ours.
Sunday Adelaja|When people find their calling and receives their commission, enemy will appear to hinder the fulfillment of this commission
Debasish Mridha|To see your inner-self, close your eyes and feel.
Kate Winslet|I never had a desire to be famous... I was fat. I didn't know any fat famous actresses... You know, once a fat kid, always a fat kid. Because you always think that you just look a little bit wrong or a little bit different from everyone else. And I still sort of have that.
Greg Dutilly|Remember to honor the hand which reached out for you when you needed it, by being that hand to someone else who is struggling.
Jim George, One-Minute Insights for Men|God doesn’t promise us escape from suffering or pain. Rather, He promises to miraculously use even bad situations for your ultimate good.
Robert E. Lee|When the rich wage war, it's the poor who die.
Ludwig Tieck, Wake Not the Dead|He talked about terrible meetings in lonely places, of cyclopean ruins in the heart of the Maine woods beneath which vast staircases led down to abysses of nighted secrets, of complex angles that led through invisible walls to other regions of space and time, and of hideous exchanges of personality that permitted explorations in remote and forbidden places, on other worlds, and in different space-time continua.
Prince|Feelings such as loneliness, longing or love are sometimes hard to put into words; maybe that's why we all love music, because it resonates with something we can't share.
Erma Bombeck|No matter what  Dad was always there with solid words of advice . . . "Go ask your mother."
Elizabeth Barrett Browning|I love you not only for what you are, but for what I am when I am with you
Christopher Zoukis, College for Convicts: The Case for Higher Education in American Prisons|The colleges and other institutions of learning are going too far, in my opinion. I think 50% of those attending educational institutions, having the professions in view, would be better off with a common school education that would enable them to earn a living, rather than sit around in offices and wait for clients. W.A. Clark (MT Senator, 1901-1907)
Daisaku Ikeda|Life is painful. It has thorns, like the stem of a rose. Culture and art are the roses that bloom on the stem. The flower is yourself, your humanity. Art is the liberation of the humanity inside yourself.
Julie Berry, All the Truth That's in Me|Since man cannot live without miracles, he will provide himself with miracles of his own making. He will believe in witchcraft and sorcery, even though he may otherwise be a heretic, an atheist, and a rebel.
Alexandra Kleeman, Intimations: Stories|The structural similarity of men, and their ability to be represented both as ideal, like Leonardo's Vitruvian Man, and as average. Man being the measure of all things, and therefore a sort of standard and interchangeable unit of length, breadth, intelligence, emotion. We could lay them end to end to measure the distance between the continents, the distance to the moon. We could use them to calculate the weight of weather, or to buy things at the grocery. With such an abundance of men, we could gauge anything we chose.
Sam Wineburg|There is a fine line between humility and humiliation, and when Augustine’s critics, both loyal and disloyal, fault him for morbid self-criticism, they generally mean to imply that he has crossed the line. You can have a relationship with another person only if you know something of humility; otherwise your ego gets in the way. If, however, you are humiliated instead of humbled, there is no ‘you’ to enter into a relationship. Massilians and Pelagians had differing understandings of when humility before God became too much of a good thing, but they had common cause in not liking Augustine’s scruples about the human will to relate to God. If everything about the soul’s relationship to God is God’s doing, including the very desire to be in relation, where exactly does the soul surface in its redemption? The Word seems to have become a monologue.
Felicity Jones|As far as this business of solitary confinement goes, the most important thing for survival is communication with someone, even if it's only a wave or a wink, a tap on the wall, or to have a guy put his thumb up. It makes all the difference.
Coretta Scott King|When you're marginalized, there are no "them people," if we're all on the outskirts of the same margin.
Walter J. Ciszek, He Leadeth Me|Zed and Sky had stayed behind and were chatting with Will, Sky sitting on Zed's knee as if nothing was going to get them apart again in a hurry. Victor and Uriel were playing cards at the kitchen table. Trace looked cute in an apron, chopping vegetables with a surgeon's precision.
René Descartes|Solving a problem for which you know there’s an answer is like climbing a mountain with a guide, along a trail someone else has laid. In mathematics, the truth is somewhere out there in a place no one knows, beyond all the beaten paths. And it’s not always at the top of the mountain. It might be in a crack on the smoothest cliff or somewhere deep in the valley.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Mist and Fury|And I wondered if love was too weak a word for what he felt, what he’d done for me. For what I felt for him.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Once you are defiled, you can't get back your purity by any means, instead, you will only look for ways to be defiled over and over again.
Leo Tolstoy|It's as if I had been going downhill when I thought I was going uphill. That's how it was. In society's opinion I was heading uphill, but in equal measure life was slipping away from me... And now it's all over. Nothing left but to die!" "So what's it all about? What's it for? It's not possible. It's not possible that life could have been as senseless and sickening as this. And if it has really been as sickening and senseless as this why do I have to die, and die in agony? There's something wrong. Maybe I didn't live as I should have done?" came the sudden thought. "But how can that be when I did everything properly?" he wondered, instantly dismissing as a total impossibility the one and only solution to the mystery of life and death.
Neil Gaiman, Coraline|Dogs have important jobs, like barking when the doorbell rings, but cats have no function in a house whatsoever.
Sunday Adelaja|When you pray, your spirit begins to work and He will speak through your mind
Thomm Quackenbush, Artificial Gods|I propose a toast to mirth; be merry! Let us complete our course of law by folly and eating! Indigestion and the digest. let Justinian be the male, and Feasting, the female! Joy the depths! Live, O creation! The world is a great diamond. I am happy. The birds are astonishing. What a festival everywhere! The nightingale is a gratuitous Elleviou.Summer, I salute thee!
J.M. Barrie|Boys are idiots.Girls are idiots, too, of course, but boys are a special kind of 
Paul Revere|Men will bear many things from a kept mistress, which they would not bear from a wife.
Spike Milligan, Adolf Hitler: My Part in His Downfall|Busty’ Roberts had joined the Royal Artillery in 1914 and since then had steadily risen to the rank of Gunner. Now the crunch: someone with a perverted sense of humour made him a Lance Bombardier. Roberts went insane with power. The war now consisted of two people, him and Hitler.
Stanley Coren, Sensation and Perception|We do not perceive what is "out there," rather we perceive what is "in here." Our senses can only inform us of their own status. They can inform us of the electrical status of neurons or the physical or the chemical status of the receptors. The outside world is never taken into our consciousness. The outside world is rather our own creation, psychologically synthesized from the mass of sensations that envelope us. In many respects, the ultimate question that perception must ask was stated by John Stuart Mill in 1865. He asked, "What is it we mean, or what is it which leads us to say, that the objects we perceive are external to us, and not a part of our own thoughts?" That remains, perhaps, the ultimate, unresolved perceptual puzzle.
Theodore Roosevelt|My mind rebels at stagnation. Give me problems, give me work, give me the most abstruse cryptogram, or the most intricate analysis, and I am in my own proper atmosphere. But I abhor the dull routine of existence. I crave for mental exaltation.
Dave Jones, former Sr Vice President for Holiday Inn, created and launched Homewood Suites and Embas|Convincing a team to believe in a vision takes sponsorship, commitment, and strong leadership. Commanding Excellence demonstrates how to create a culture that everyone commits to from the boardroom to the battlefield. A must-read for anyone who works in a goal-oriented environment
Gary Rohrmayer|True leadership is not defined by notoriety, power, prestige, status, or job title...
|As long as you choose to persist and persevere, one day you would gladly look back and be very proud that you never gave up.
Muhammad Yunus, Creating a World Without Poverty: Social Business and the Future of Capitalism|Once poverty is gone, we'll need to build museums to display its horrors to future generations. They'll wonder why poverty continued so long in human society - how a few people could live in luxury while billions dwelt in misery, deprivation and despair.
Gerd Brantenberg, What Comes Naturally?|Judging from the unfamiliar number, I assumed the text came from Shannon. If not, I would see who came by my house at 4:30 and go with it. Maybe it would be Mr. Darcy coming to pick me up in an extravagant horse-drawn carriage, but I couldn’t picture Mr. Darcy using a cell phone.
Moon Unit Zappa|A lot of poets too live on the margins of social acceptance, they certainly aren't in it for the money. William Blake - only his first book was legitimately published.
Lorii Myers, No Excuses, The Fit Mind-Fit Body Strategy Book|Successful continual learning means maintaining a balance and variety of success-oriented attributes, the most prominent being awareness, confidence, persistence, determination, courage, and focus. But curiosity, ingenuity, and creativity may be even more important as it is these traits that fuel the desire to continue to question and challenge the status quo.
Tony Dovale|Resistance to change" is our fine ability to create reasons to crib and criticize.
Augustine of Hippo|He was the devil in a Sunday hat; he dressed and acted like a civil man, but inside he was just hatred and filth. Then, I guess after what I was planning to do to save a life, I wasn't too dissimilar to him.
Richard Grant|Our forbears worked hard this difficult land, and their reward was the freedom and independence of self-sufficiency.
Jesse Ball, How to Set a Fire and Why|being funny is actually all about thinking "what if ?" in a creative way.
P.G. Wodehouse, Jeeves in the Morning|It was one of those cases where you approve the broad, general principle of an idea but can't help being in a bit of a twitter at the prospect of putting it into practical effect. I explained this to Jeeves, and he said much the same thing had bothered Hamlet.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Actually there were only two forms of existence, I reflected: one that was tied to a place and one that wasn't. Both had always existed. Neither could be chosen.
Laura Kreitzer, Abyss|Death was a leech; no matter which side of the spectrum you were on, either dead or alive, it fed. It either acquired your soul or devoured all your joyful emotions.
Solange Knowles|While experiencing happiness, we have difficulty in being conscious of it. Only when the happiness is past and we look back on it do we suddenly realise - sometimes with astonishment - how happy we had been.
George R.R. Martin|No one just starts giggling and wearing black and signs up to become a villainous monster. How the hell do you think it happens? It happens to people. Just people. They make questionable choices, for what might be very good reasons. They make choice after choice, and none of them is slaughtering roomfuls of saints, or murdering hundreds of baby seals, or rubber-room irrational. But it adds up. And then one day they look around and realized that they're so far over the line that they can't remember where it was.
Arthur W. Pink, An Exposition of Hebrews|When you observe that the fire in your room is getting dull, you do not always put on more coal, but simply stir with the poker; so God often uses the black poker of adversity in order that the flames of devotion may burn more brightly.
Matthew 26:52, NIV|Put your sword back in its place," Jesus said to him, "for all who draw the sword will die by the sword.
Gary Vaynerchuk|The only day I remember of my parents' marriage was the day my dad walked out. As I stood there at five years old, with my older sister and younger brother, I knew that he was gone.
J.S.B. Morse|Once the government can demand of a publisher the names of the purchasers of his publications, the free press as we know it disappears. Then the spectre of a government agent will look over the shoulder of everyone who reads. The purchase of a book or pamphlet today may result in a subpoena tomorrow. Fear of criticism goes with every person into the bookstall. The subtle, imponderable pressures of the orthodox lay hold. Some will fear to read what is unpopular, what the powers-that-be dislike. When the light of publicity may reach any student, any teacher, inquiry will be discouraged. The books and pamphlets that are critical of the administration, that preach an unpopular policy in domestic or foreign affairs, that are in disrepute in the orthodox school of thought will be suspect and subject to investigation. The press and its readers will pay a heavy price in harassment. But that will be minor in comparison with the menace of the shadow which government will cast over literature that does not follow the dominant party line. If the lady from Toledo can be required to disclose what she read yesterday and what she will read tomorrow, fear will take the place of freedom in the libraries, book stores, and homes of the land. Through the harassment of hearings, investigations, reports, and subpoenas government will hold a club over speech and over the p
Ludwig Wittgenstein|The only solid and lasting peace between a man and his wife is, doubtless, a separation.
A.M. Homes, May We Be Forgiven|technology leads to lower costs when it replaces workers' salaries. It does the opposite when it requires more highly-trained workers to utilize that technology. Higher education, medicine, dentistry and the legal profession all provide examples.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|The hardest thing for a sane person to do is not care what anyone thinks, although everyone swears by it, hence our glorification of insanity.
Isobelle Carmody, The Red Queen|True sorrows do not pass like clouds or inclement weather...Sorrows are absorbed over time, and you reshape yourself around them. How you absorb them makes you what you are for good or ill. I think the only true and right way is to take our sorrows into us bravely and wholly, knowing they will hurt, and accepting that sometimes pain is unavoidable. It is when grief is suppressed or hidden that it does harm
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Close your lips in anger, open in admiration
Billy Graham|I wear the Jewish star, but I'm not - I haven't converted to Judaism, and I'm not - I'm not - I'm not Jewish in the conventional sense because the Kaballah is a belief system that predates religion and predates Judaism as an organized religion.
Epeli Hauʻofa, We Are the Ocean: Selected Works|But Sir Alistair’s gaze was different. Those other men had looked at her with lust or speculation or crass curiosity, but they hadn’t been looking at her really. They’d been looking at what she represented to them: physical love or a valuable prize or an object to be gawked at. When Sir Alistair stared at her, well, he was looking at her.
RR Goswami|Many times dealings in crime and corruption are done with more honesty and trust." -From' Foiled.
Alexandre Dumas|We are entitled to violate history, provided that it results in handsome offspring.
Abraham Verghese, Cutting for Stone|Doctors tend to enter the arenas of their profession's practice with a brisk good cheer that they have to then stop and try to mute a bit when the arena they're entering is a hospital's fifth floor, a psych ward, where brisk good cheer would amount to a kind of gloating. This is why doctors on psych wards so often wear a vaguely fake frown of puzzled concentration, if and when you see them in fifth-floor halls. And this is why a hospital M.D.--who's usually hale and pink-cheeked and poreless, and who almost always smells unusually clean and good--approaches any psych patient under this care with a professional manner somewhere between bland and deep, a distant but sincere concern that's divided evenly between the patient's subjective discomfort and the hard facts of the case.
Pema Chödrön|Man is an onion made up of a hundred integuments, a texture made up of many threads. The ancient Asiatics knew this well enough, and in the Buddhist Yoga an exact technique was devised for unmasking the illusion of the personality. The human merry-go-round sees many changes: the illusion that cost India the efforts of thousands of years to unmask is the same illusion that the West has labored just as hard to maintain and strengthen.
Rick Warren|There is no work, however vile or sordid, that does not glisten before God.
J.M. Barrie, Peter Pan|All children, except one, grow up. They soon know that they will grow up, and the way Wendy knew was this. One day when she was two years old she was playing in a garden, and she plucked another flower and ran with it to her mother. I suppose she must have looked rather delightful, for Mrs Darling put her hand to her heart and cried, ‘Oh, why can’t you remain like this for ever!’ This was all that passed between them on the subject, but henceforth Wendy knew that she must grow up. You always know after you are two. Two is the beginning of the end.
Gene Wolfe, The Sword of the Lictor|Do you remember the long orphanage of the train stationsWe crossed cities that turn-tabled all dayAnd vomited at night the sunshine of the day ("The Voyager")
Vaddey Ratner, In the Shadow of the Banyan|I said nothing. Deep inside of me, my voice screamed from a hole where I had buried it
Donna Masini|I am taking this in, slowly,Taking it into my body.This grief. How slowThe body is to realizeYou are never coming back.
Patricia Reilly Giff|The truth is, the hypocrisy of humans is everywhere
Max Stirner, The Ego and Its Own|Here we come upon the old, old craze of the world, which has not yet learned to do without clericalism--that to live and work *for an idea*is man's calling, and according to the faithfulness its fulfilment his *human worth* is measured
David Mitchell, The Bone Clocks|Prayer may be a placebo for the disease of helplessness, but placebos can make you feel better.
Gugu Mona|For god sake to live in awesome,cool place you should have rules in your right hand and on the left hand you should have a program which can run based on this rules.
Milton Friedman|The available worlds looked pretty grim. They had little to offer him because he had little to offer them. He had been extremely chastened to realize that although he originally came from a world which had cars and computers and ballet and Armagnac, he didn't, by himself, know how any of it worked. He couldn't do it. Left to his own devices he couldn't build a toaster. He could just about make a sandwich and that was it.
George Papandreou|I've never stopped being Argentine, and I've never wanted to. I feel very proud of being Argentine, even though I left there. I've been clear about this since I was very young, and I never wanted to change. Barcelona is my home because both the club and the people here have given me everything, but I won't stop being Argentine.
Judy Balan, Sophie Says|And finally, I get to meet the Breakup Coach" Ryan says before we can be introduced. "I'm a big fan of your work" he says with mock admiration as I turn around. I decide I like his voice. It's not a deep Charlton Heston-like voice, but it has just the right amount of husky in it.
Phyllis Schlafly|I'm proud to pay taxes in the United States; the only thing is, I could be just as proud for half the money.
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway To Motherhood: Soulfully Empowering Your Life's Journey & Purpose As a Mother Through Positive Inspiration|May you find solace & be comforted by love’s inner warmth, and glow.
Steve Blank|I hate when someone drives my car and resets all the radio presets. I don't understand it. If I was ever driving someone's car, I would never touch the things that were set.
Robert A. Heinlein, Starship Troopers|One minute I was playing chess and doing maths all the time, the next I had been rerouted into more 'normal' girls' activities: reading, writing stories and worrying about my clothes.
Auliq Ice|With the ambitions, to seize the opportunity to win is your big loss.
Gary K. Smith, The Mathematics of Sorrow: A Heart-based Model That Turns Sorrow Into A Gift|The absolute easiest thing to do is spend time, as often as one can, in tranquil or majestic nature. Look at butterflies. Walk barefoot in the sand. Put your feet in a clean, bubbling stream. Walk in a city park and feed the pigeons. Anything. Get out and take a walk.
Charles Bukowski, Love Is a Dog from Hell|You sit at the edge of the world,I am in a crater that's no more.Words without lettersStanding in the shadow of the door.The moon shines down on a sleeping lizard,Little fish rain from the sky.Outside the window there are soldiers,steeling themselves to die.(Refrain)Kafka sits in a chair by the shore,Thinking for the pendulum that moves the world, it seems.When your heart is closed,The shadow of the unmoving Sphinx,Becomes a knife that pierces your dreams.The drowning girl's fingersSearch for the entrance stone, and more.Lifting the hem of her azure dress,She gazes --at Kafka on the shore
Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane|He may be my half brother, but we're not related. A chasm of incommunicable worlds lies between us.
Debolina Bhawal|Before searching for happiness in others, we my first find it in ourselves.
Tessa Dawn, Blood Shadows|You said, ‘Ramsey…oh Ramsey…please.’ Please, what?” She looked him straight in the eyes. “Please…let my people go!
Camille Lucy, The (Real) Love Experiment: Explore Love, Relationships & the Self|Life is about learning and growing. Experiencing. Self-expression. And overall, living love in all forms. Our soul’s evolution is dependent upon embracing, and becoming, unconditional love. Acceptance is an important part of that if we wish to avoid resistance and human drama. At the end of the day, we all just want to feel good and be happy. And attaining that is all that matters because then, we can be the highest versions of ourselves. The ups and downs of life are what make it real for us. The ups and downs that we experience within ourselves are what make us real, and human. In order to fully live each and every day, we need to open to all of life and all of ourselves. Resistance puts a kink in that seamless plan and brings us more of what we do not want.
Christian de Quincey|Reade drew a deep breath. He said with resignation, "All right. I'll try to explain. But it's rather difficult. You see, I've devoted my life to the problem of why certain men see visions. Men like Blake and Boehme and Thomas Traherne. A psychologist once suggested that it's a chemical in the bloodstream—the same sort of thing that makes a dipsomaniac see pink elephants. Now obviously, I can't accept this view. But I've spent a certain amount of time studying the action of drugs, and taken some of them myself. And it's become clear to me that what we call 'ordinary consciousness' is simply a special, limited case. . . But this is obvious after a single glass of whiskey. It causes a change in consciousness, a kind of deepening. In ordinary consciousness, we're mainly aware of the world around us and its problems. This is awfully difficult to explain. . ."Fisher said, "You're being very clear so far. Please go on.""Perhaps an analogy will help. In our ordinary state of consciousness, we look out from behind our eyes as a motorist looks from behind the windscreen of a car. The car is very small, and the world out there is very big. Now if I take a few glasses of whiskey, the world out there hasn't really changed, but the car seems to have grown bigger. When I look inside myself, there seem to be far greater spaces than I'm normally aware of. And if I take certain drugs, the car becomes vast, as vast as a cathedral. There are great, empty spaces. . . No, not empty. They're full of all kinds of things—of memories of my past life and millions of things I never thought I'd noticed. Do you see my point? Man deliberately limits his consciousness. It would frighten him if he were aware of these vast spaces of consciousness all the time. He stays sane by living in a narrow little consciousness that seems to be limited by the outside world. Because these spaces aren't just inhabited by memories. There seem to be strange, alien things, other minds. . ."As he said this, he saw Violet de Merville shudder. He said, laughing, "I'm not trying to be alarming. There's nothing fundamentally horrible about these spaces. One day we shall conquer them, as we shall conquer outer space. They're like a great jungle, full of wild creatures. We build a high wall around us for safety, but that doesn't mean we're afraid of the jungle. One day we shall build cities and streets in its spaces.
Jennifer Starzec, 5k, Ballet, and a Spinal Cord Injury|As I sat up I turned my head to the side, but immediately straightened it again when I felt a sharp pain shoot through my neck.
Oprah Winfrey|By the proper intakes of vitamins and other nutrients and by following a few other healthful practices from youth or middle age on, you can, I believe, extend your life and years of well-being by twenty-five or even thirty-five years.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Scorned and torn, former love mates aim and shoot childish devastating daggers that penetrate beyond target to pierce the heart of their offspring.
Daniel Habil|There is a perfect rout of characters in every man—and every man is like an actor’s trunk, full of strange creatures, new & old. But an actor and his trunk are two different things
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|Some moments will forever stick with you. It might be the first moment you notice a cute little boy in his Spiderman costume, it might be the moment that very boy kisses you for the first time under the stars, it might even be the moment he tells you he loves you, holding you close. Or it might be this very moment. The moment he asks you to marry him and be his forever.
|A life without integrity, faith, courage and a positive purpose, is an unnecessary gamble with no positive possibility.
Tahereh Mafi, Ignite Me|Sweet is highly overrated." So is responsible, loyal, and every other adjective you'd find scrawled in my yearbook.
Jane Lotter, The Bette Davis Club|Indeed we also work, but we are only collaborating with God who works, for his mercy has gone before us. It has gone before us so that we may be healed, and follows us so that once healed, we may be given life; it goes before us so that we may be called, and follows us so that we may be glorified; it goes before us so that we may live devoutly, and follows us so that we may always live with God: for without him we can do nothing.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|A DEFINITION NOT FOUND IN THE DICTIONARY Not leaving: an act of trust and love,often deciphered by children
Donald R. Hickey, The War of 1812: A Forgotten Conflict|Initial uniformity can be deceiving, warns the author, because parties arrive at that state from so many different motives which will be exposed over time.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|However, create a limit for your communications and interactions with the opposite sex and respect that limit, else you tear away your delicate moral fabrics.
Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical Uplifting Quotes and Poems|If you can hear the birds singing, you're in the right place
Kevin Young, For the Confederate Dead|How humid the heart, its messy rooms! We eat spicy food, sweat like wood and smolder like the coal mine that caught fire decades ago, yet still smokes more than my great-uncle who will not quit- or go out-
Serena Williams|It's weird, the idea of someone else playing my dad, but weirdly nice.
Shirley Manson|I want everyone to know what they deserve in relationships: that they can demand equality and kindness. Because everyone will have a relationship at some point in their life. It's what we all do, every day, and we need to know how to do it.
Ayn Rand, Anthem|God is a creative force, Lestat. And so are we. He told Adam, 'Increase and multiply.' That's what the first organic cells did, Lestat, increased and multiplied. Not merely changed shape but replicated themselves. God is a creative force. He made the whole universe out of Himself through cell division. That's why the devils are so full of envy-the bad angels, I mean. They are [i]not[/i] creative creatures; they have no bodies, no cells, they're spirit. And I suspect it wasn't envy so much as a form of suspicion-that God was making a mistake in making another engine of creativity in Adam, so like Himself. I mean the angels probably felt the physical universe was bad enough, with all the replicating cells, but thinking, talking beings who could increase and multiply? They were probably outraged by the whole experiment. That was their sin.""So you're saying God isn't pure spirit.""That's right. God has a body. Always did. The secret of cell-dividing life lies within God. And all living cells have a tiny part of God's spirit in them, Lestat, that's the missing piece as to what makes life happen in the first place, what separates it from nonlife. It's exactly like your vampiric genesis. You told us that the spirit of Amel-the evil entity-infused the bodies of all the vampires...Well, men share in the spirit of God in the same way.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Literature recounts history, explores knowledge, narrates universal themes of human existence, actives human conscience, enhances understanding of human motives, and explicates the nuances of human behavior.
Robert Mankoff|In sitcoms, the women are so beautiful, understanding and well-bred. They have humor, but sort of display it with a twinkle of the eye and not a guffaw. But there's no juice in that for me.
Bill Gates|Thanksgiving is one of my favorite days of the year because it reminds us to give thanks and to count our blessings. Suddenly, so many things become so little when we realize how blessed and lucky we are.
Natalie J. Damschroder, Hearts Under Siege|Love was more than a choice, more than a feeling, it was a commitment.
Homer|On a serious level, I wouldn't tell the press if I was in a relationship or not. I wouldn't ever reveal that, because it takes you down a certain road... I have no desire to be courting the press with my love life.
Jude Deveraux, True Love|Batshit Kind of LoveThe type of love that can’t be described with words…The type of love that can’t be measured by time…The type of love that inspires haters to hate…The type of love that makes no sense to those around you…The type of love that exists in the beautiful eyes in which you can see all of your tomorrows… all of your children and grandchildren…The type of love that makes you feel like forever will not be long enough…The type of love that is born out of a relationship that is built on honor, respect, and truth...That is our love... That is our connection...The batshit kind of love that makes no sense at all… and at the same time… all the sense in the world…That is us…You and me; a “WE.
Jesse Ball, Silence Once Begun|In general, silence often reflects ambiguity on the part of the listener as the observer wishes to understand the other's experience.
Diyar Harraz, One Minute to Midnight|We hurt one another. We go through life dressing up in new clothes and covering up our true motives. We meet up lightly, we drink rosé wine, and then we give each other pain. We don't want to! What we want to do, what one really wants to do is put out one's hands—like some dancer, in a trance, just put out one's hands—and touch all the people and tell them: I'm sorry. I love you. Thank you for your e-mail. Thank you for coming to see me. Thank you. But we can't. We can't. On the little life raft of Mark only one other person could fit. Just one! And so, thwarted, we inflict pain. That’s what we do. We do not keep each other company. We do not send each other cute text messages. Or, rather, when we do these things, we do them merely to postpone the moment when we'll push these people off, and beat forward, beat forward on our little raft, alone.
Ann Leckie, Ancillary Sword|The food chain has victims at both ends: even rapists and murderers need someone to look down on, and kid killers will do nicely.
Joseph Heller, Catch-22|The ironic thing is that marketers have responded to this problem with the single worst cure possible. To deal with the clutter and the diminished effectiveness of Interruption Marketing, they're interrupting us even more!
Norman Spinrad|In every age there has been a stream of popular opinion that has carried all before it, and given a family character, as it were, to the century.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|what time can be more beautiful than the one in which the finest virtues, innocent cheerfulness and indefinable longing for love constitute the sole motives of your life?
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|When I’m writing my own stuff, it’s like swimming upstream. Or … falling down a cliff and grabbing at branches, trying to invent the branches as I fall.
William T. Vollmann, Poor People|Life is an extended camping trip. With a leaky, inferior tent one runs no more risk of rain than anyone else; but if it does rain, the person in the cheap tent chances soaking in his sleeping bag, and possibly dying of hypothermia.
Walter Rauschenbusch|Believing that the power to destroy belongs to the Creator alone I affirm... that any theory which, when carried out, demands the annihilation of force, is necessarily erroneous.
Sophie Kinsella, Confessions of a Shopaholic|They were even talking about buying a bodyguard, can you believe it? I mean, what on earth would I look like, turning up with a bodyguard?  Actually, I'd look pretty cool and mysterious, wouldn't I? That might have been quite a good idea.
The Band Perry|I believe in saints as I believe in sanctity. I believe in miracles as I believe in God, who can suspend the laws of His own making. But I believe, too, that the hand of God writes plainly and simply, for all men of good will to read. I am doubtful of His presence in confusion and conflicting voices.
Chelsea Ballinger, Sinners & Saints|City of Wizards is normally quite a GOOD thing, since only Good WIZARDS seem able to live together. . . .There have been cities of EVIL Wizards in the past. You will occasionally come across the sites of these, reduced to a glassy slag during the ultimate disagreement.
E.L. Doctorow, The March|I want to empasize that rape is about human beings, not statistics.
Kyle Hill|I wanted to be a writer as a teen... so storytelling was my first love. In my late teens, design became an obsession as I realized that I could express myself through the medium. Much later, when I founded Fuseproject in 1999, our slogan became 'design brings stories to life.'
Craig D. Lounsbrough|A father teaches his children that the battle is not determined by the enemy that stands around them, but by the God Who stands within them. And that lesson can only be driven home as they watch their father stand around them, while God stands within their father.
Richard Strauss|When a poor soul is somewhat awakened by the terrors of the Lord, then the poor creature, being born under the covenant of works, flies directly to a covenant of works again. And as Adam and Eve hid themselves… and sewed fig leaves… so the poor sinner, when awakened, flies to his duties and to his performances, to hide himself from God, and goes to patch up a righteousness of his own. Says he, I will be mighty good now–I will reform–I will do all I can; and then certainly Jesus Christ will have mercy on me.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|What you don't know can make you fail! Perhaps the only reason why you are where you are is that, you've not known what you have to know... Go, learn and take the lead!
Robert Louis Stevenson, Lay Morals|So long as we love we serve; so long as we are loved by others, I would almost say that we are indispensable; and no man is useless while he has a friend.
C.S. Lewis, An Experiment in Criticism|The true reader reads every work seriously in the sense that he reads it whole-heartedly, makes himself as receptive as he can. But for that very reason he cannot possibly read every work solemly or gravely. For he will read 'in the same spirit that the author writ.'... He will never commit the error of trying to munch whipped cream as if it were venison.
Dejan Stojanovic, Serbian Satire and Aphorisms|A word was more valuable to them when they were not sure of its value. Since they became famous, their word has been more expensive but its value is less.
Jennifer Gilby Roberts, The Dr Pepper Prophecies|Sandwiches,' she said, 'like diamonds, are forever.
Samuel Park, This Burns My Heart|Mr. Upchurch,” she fumbled. “I . . . I must take my leave directly. But before I go, allow me to say how sorry I am for the callous way I treated you in the past. I regret it most keenly.” His heart squeezed even as he felt his brows rise. “Do you?” She swallowed. “I was wrong about you. I was wrong about a great many things.
Brian A.  Jackson, Mushroom Medicine: The Healing Power of Psilocybin & Sacred Entheogen History|The more love you put off to the world in all aspects, the more it will return to you.
Thomas Traherne, Centuries Of Meditations|What the world neglects, the Lord accepts.
S.R. Crawford, No Secrets: Eternity series|You think your children are better than mine? Ha! When yours were out playing with gold, mine were out fighting for survival. You taught your children to roll in money when I taught mine what it means to be strong.
Darynda Jones, First Grave on the Right|I have not led an ordinary life, nor a life that would suit everyone. I took great risks, but because I did, I also earned great reward. I found the way to show my true face freely, without fear. Because of this, I found true love.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I think that it is infinitely wiser to accept the fact that we’re afraid, for in accepting our fear we are in no way granting it the power to crush us. Rather we are finally empowering ourselves sufficiently so that we can crush it.
Peter Sloterdijk|We can trace the communitarian fantasy that lies at the root of all humanism back to the model of a literary society, in which participation through reading the canon reveals a common love of inspiring messages. At the heart of humanism so understood we discover a cult or club fantasy: the dream of the portentous solidarity of those who have been chosen to be allowed to read. In the ancient world—indeed, until the dawn of the modern nation-states—the power of reading actually did mean something like membership of a secret elite; linguistic knowledge once counted in many places as the provenance of sorcery. In Middle English the word 'glamour' developed out of the word 'grammar'. The person who could read would be thought easily capable of other impossibilities.
Pak Ho|The “self-actualization” philosophy from which most of this new bureaucratic language emerged insists that we live in a timeless present, that history means nothing, that we simply create the world around us through the power of the will. This is a kind of individualistic fascism. Around the time the philosophy became popular in the seventies, some conservative Christian theologians were actually thinking along very similar lines: seeing electronic money as a kind of extension for God’s creative power, which is then transformed into material reality through the minds of inspired entrepreneurs. It’s easy to see how this could lead to the creation of a world where financial abstractions feel like the very bedrock of reality, and so many of our lived environments look like they were 3-D-printed from somebody’s computer screen. In fact, the sense of a digitally generated world I’ve been describing could be taken as a perfect illustration of another social law—at least, it seems to me that it should be recognized as a law—that, if one gives sufficient social power to a class of people holding even the most outlandish ideas, they will, consciously or not, eventually contrive to produce a world organized in such a way that living in it will, in a thousand subtle ways, reinforce the impression that those ideas are self-evidently true.
Paolo Bacigalupi, The Doubt Factory|Believing is for Santa Claus, right? It's for Tooth Fairies. It's for your boyfriend when he says he's never met anyone like you and wants to feel you up. That's believing. It's for little kids. Belief. You believe in God?
Adam Young|I am fallen, flawed and imperfect. Yet drenched in the grace and mercy that is found in Jesus Christ, there is strength
Deborah Blake, Wickedly Powerful|Bella laughed, her head thrown back to expose the smooth line of her throat, and Sam suddenly lost his train of thought. While they'd been eating, the sun had set, and the sight of Bella standing in the moonlight laughing took his breath away. He didn't think he'd ever seen anything so beautiful in his life.	And that was more terrifying than any fire.
Ken Wytsma, Create vs. Copy: Break Through with Imagination|Creativity alone, for those who follow God, isn't sufficient. Not even ongoing creativity. Our creativity, like God's, must be aimed at something good. We need redemptive creativity - creativity that aims not just for success, but freedom; and not just for ourselves, but for others and for the good of creation as a whole.
|A negative mind sees happiness as a mystery. So it swims from coast to coast searching for it with a doubtful mindset. Sooner or later, it gives up on it, and comes to conclusion that happiness is an impossible task to achieve. But a positive mind sees happiness as a matter of deciding to focus on the positive side of its life's experiences instead of allowing its negative experiences to hold it in everlasting bondage.
Stacey Jay, Juliet Immortal|That didn't happen, of course. Things never happenedlike I imagined them.
Emilia Francis Strong Dilke, Gaslit Nightmares: Stories by Robert W. Chambers, Charles Dickens, Richard Marsh, and Others|I assume this kid is “normal” sixteen, like all the rest of them, whereas I’m “life can, and probably will, totally screw you” sixteen.
Joanne Clancy|Be the kind of woman who, when your feet hit the floor each morning, the devil says "Oh, no! She's up.
Martyn Stanley|Consider, O Lover, my throatwhite as cigarette paper.The crushed lavender of my knuckles.	My heart, a dulled needle threaded throughtoo many patterns.
RVM|Rather than wasting time on yesterday that is gone, it is better to invest your time in Tomorrow that is not yet born.
Reesom Haile|Almost astride the Equator, night fell like a portcullis. The sun dropped below the horizon and suddenly all was dark.
Debasish Mridha M.D.|The measure of wisdom is in simplicity, humility, and in friendliness.
Michael   Lewis, Liar's Poker|The only inexplicable aspect of the process was that economic theory (which is, after all, what economics students were supposed to know) served almost no function in an investment bank. The bankers used economics as a sort of standardized test of general intelligence.
Julie Andrews|It's long been accepted as fact that the availability of family planning services saves lives. Where women have access to these services, children and families are healthier, and society at large benefits.
Ally Carter, See How They Run|But that's the thing about being the girl who's spent years convincing the world she's not afraid of anything: At some point, someone is going to find out you're afraid of everything.
Pope Paul VI|The sun, the earth, love, friends, our very breath are parts of the banquet.
Siobhan Davis, Lovestruck|I knew from the start we were nothing like "forever". Maybe because forever is such a scary place.
Leslie Morgan Steiner, Crazy Love|I am so sorry for you, Leslie.' She said it like she really meant it. But not like she was completely surprised. 'And for him. Because he's lost you now.' This last part undid me. Despite her cruel criticism of me over the years, from where she sat, I was anyone and everyone's prize.
Mehmet Murat ildan|The umbrella won't stop the rain, but it will help you to get out during rainfall. As well as confidence is not going to guarantee your success, but it will give you the opportunity to achieve it.
Michael Meade, The Light Inside Dark Times|Everyone who enters the world comes in with hidden gold, it's called your natural gifts. The job of a person is to find the hidden gold and give it. It turns out that when you give it you get more than when you hold on to it, that's the economy of the soul.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|At some point, you gotta let go, and sit still, and allow contentment to come to you.
Martin Suarez|Sandals. The Sufi teacher Ghulam-Shah was asked what pattern he used in formulating his courses for disciples. He said: 'Barefoot until you can get sandals, sandals until you can manage boots.
Margaret Atwood, Cat's Eye|I am not God, and I am not judge. Your fate is your own And you need not to budge.
Colm Tóibín|In my end lies my beginning" Who said that? Mary Stuart, Queen of Scots (1542-1587).
Deyth Banger|It has always seemed to me that there are two types of people in this world: those rendered impotent by the sheer weight of evil it contains, and who refuse to act because they see no point, and those who choose their battles and fight them to the end, as they understand that to do nothing is definitely worse than to do something and fail. --The Collector
John David Geib, Beyond Beliefs|How can we know something that surpasses or is beyond knowledge? How can we know something that is beyond words?... We can and do use words to point to all of our human experiences. However, the experience of "God as Agape" is beyond words, beyond the limitations of our minds.
Sarah MacLean, No Good Duke Goes Unpunished|You can have the love you want, if you can afford its price tag. For every love has its price, monetary or non-monetary.
George Whitefield|You know, when I was a kid waiting on the bus, I remember that was when I imagined my life. I imagined everything that I was gonna be when I grew up and I imagined all of these amazing journeys and amazing people I'd meet. Of course, all of it has kind of come to fruition.
Charlotte Kasl|While most streams of Buddhism take a contemplative stance on passion, pleasure, and pain, Sufism encourages us to be open to our passions - to dive into the sea, to become at one with the beauty and power of the waves.
Kristen Wiig|I can tell you one thing, Iran is closer to developing nuclear weapons today than it was a week ago, or a month ago or a year ago. It's just moving on with its efforts.
Brittainy C. Cherry, Art & Soul|But my heart… my heart believed in a quiet, simple kind of love. A kind of love that was created before time existed, a kind of love that was bigger than any limitations the world placed upon us. It was a type of love that had no age limits, no boundaries , and was seen only within the souls of two people. My heart didn’t give me much of a choice.
Sherry Turkle, Alone Together: Why We Expect More from Technology and Less from Each Other|Once we become tethered to the network, we really don't need to keep computers busy. THEY KEEP US BUSY.
Sun Tzu|Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|You may have an overall target to achieve with each prospect, but if you are going to have an ideal outcome for each call, should you not also have a tolerable outcome to fall back on? Something you are willing to put up with if things don't go completely to plan, but something that still moves things forward ever so slightly?
Thich Nhat Hanh|Having been raised in a poor family makes part of who i am, but it determines not my future nor my destiny,it doesn't define who i will become, i am a rich man, i am a winner, i am the author of my own success or failure-God forbid failure, i shall prosper-so help me God.
Martijn Benders|God is all that exists. Every stone, flower, tree, animal and human being are on a spiritual journey to recognize their true self, their divine essence.
Rin Chupeco, The Girl from the Well|He believed in his own decency with all his heart. So it was with every true monster, Vic supposed.
Paul Evdokimov, Orthodoxy|[Christ] is the Mediator, not only between God and man, but between man and man, between man and reality.
John Dolan, Everyone Burns|Karma means ‘action’. Like many, you misunderstand its nature. Past misdeeds can be corrected before your karma ripens: it is not some pre-determined fate. It is what you do now that counts.
Paulo Coelho, The Zahir|if a book isn't self-explanatory, then it isn't worth reading.
Dada Bhagwan|Until ignorance, of one’s own Self (the Soul), is removed, illusory attachment (moha) will not go away.
Jodi Picoult, Off the Page|In short, if you are using a shovel to dig yourself into a hole, a credit card company will be happy to give you a backhoe.
Bryon Katie|It's not your job to like me, it's mine
Hajime Isayama, Attack on Titan, Vol. 2|We're going to explore the outside world someday, right? Far beyond these walls, there's flaming water, land made of ice, and fields of sand spread wide. It's the world my parents wanted to go to.
Alek Wek|When you're young and dating someone, just play it safe and don't try so hard.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Smile once a while; even if life tastes like bitter bile, just file out your teeth and cheeks and take a mile of sweet smiles... Smile, make it your life's style. Decorate your face with piles of smiles!
Nawal El Saadawi|I've participated in many demonstrations since I was a child. When I was at medical college, I was fighting King Farouk, then British colonization, against Nasser, against Sadat who pushed me into prison, Mubarak who pushed me into exile. I never stopped.
Marjane Satrapi, Persepolis 2: The Story of a Return|Leaving North Korea is not like leaving any other country. It is more like leaving another universe. I will never truly be free of its gravity, no matter how far I journey.
Monica Dickens, Mariana|Until kids find something worth dying for, they don't have anything worth living for.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Turn your failures into lessons, your obstacles into opportunities, your tragedies into triumphs, and in no time you will turn your dreams into reality.
Louisa May Alcott, Work: A Story of Experience|She is too fond of books, and it has turned her brain
William Kamkwamba, The Boy Who Harnessed the Wind: Creating Currents of Electricity and Hope|It was common for my father to sit my sisters down and tell them things like, "I saw a girl working in the bank in town, and she was a girl just like you." My parents had never completed primary school. They couldn't speak English or even read that well. My parents only knew the language of numbers, buying and selling, but they wanted more for their kids. That's why my father had scraped the money together and kept Annie in school, despite the famine and other troubles.
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|Any society's upper-crust is riddled with immorality, how else d'you think they keep their power? Reputation is king of the public sphere, not private. It is dethroned by public acts.
Thalia Chaltas, Because I Am Furniture|He took it out like a sprinter, and brought it home like a distance swimmer.
Laurell K. Hamilton|I often think that at the center of me is a voice that at last did split, a house in my heart so invaded with other people and their speech, friends I believed I was devoted to, people whose lives I can simply guess at now, that it gives me the impression I am simply a collection of them, that they all existed for themselves, but had inadvertently formed me, then vanished. But, what: Should I have been expected to create my own self, out of nothing, out of thin, thin air and alone?
Doug Bradley, Behind the Mask of the Horror Actor|And so, she turned her back on the abyss for another day.
Ally Carter, Don't Judge a Girl by Her Cover|There are six reasons anyone does anything: Love. Faith. Greed. Boredom. Fear..." he said, ticking them off on his fingers; but he lingered on the last, drawing a deep breath before he said, "Revenge.
Jeff Lindsay, Darkly Dreaming Dexter|Did I tell you what happened at the play? We were at the back of the theatre, standing there in the dark, when all of a sudden I feel one of 'em tug at my sleeve, whispers, "Trudy look!" I said, "Yeah, goosebumps. You definitely got goosebumps. You like the play that much?" They said it wasn't the play that gave 'em goosebumps, it was the audience!I'd forgot to tell them to watch the play; they'd been watching the audience! Yeah, to see a group of people sitting together in the dark, laughing and crying at the same things...well that just knocked 'em out! They said, "Trudy, the play was soup, the audience, art."So they're taking goosbumps back with 'em into space. Goosebumps! Quite a souvenir. I like to think of them out there in the dark, watching us. Sometimes we'll do something and they'll laugh. Sometimes we'll do something and they'll cry. And maybe, one day we'll do something so magnificent, the whole universe will get goosebumps.
Dada Bhagwan|Egoism itself is non-religion (adharma) and where there is no egoism that indeed is religion. Without the presence of a living Gnani, it is not possible for egoism to decrease.
Debasish Mridha|Follow your heart; don’t fear changes. With love, the heart changes its content.
Jennifer Lawrence|I'm kind of a dork. I don't have much game. I'm not particularly comfortable in bars or clubs. I much prefer being home playing Scrabble, having dinner with a couple friends, going to see a movie, or losing a whole weekend to Season 14 of Law and Order or The Simpsons.
Chloe Thurlow, Girl Trade|And if we're talking flaws - I get a kick out of flogging people, then fucking them."Warmth ran up Sam's spine. "That's a flaw?"Michael grinned. "Only to some.
Debasish Mridha|Deep down in my heart, I am always smiling because life is such a magical, mysterious, and wonderful thing.
Petra Hermans|I put it all to rest; my mind, my body, and all those nasty, gnawing fears. With each sip of tea, I become whole, one again, with me.
Harriet Evans, A Hopeless Romantic|I felt shame - I see this clearly, now - at the instinctive recognition in myself of an awful enfeebling fatalism, a sense that the great outcomes were but randomly connected to our endeavors, that life was beyond mending, that love was loss, that nothing worth saying was sayable, that dullness was general, that disintegration was irresistible.
Charles Handy|Now most people do not want an ordinary life in which they do a job well, earn the respect of their collaborators and competitors, bring up a family and have friends. That's not enough any more, and I think that is absolutely tragic - and I'm not exaggerating - that people feel like a decent, ordinary, fun life is no longer enough.
Wendell Berry, Jayber Crow|It might seem to you that living in the woods on a riverbank would remove you from the modern world. But not if the river is navigable, as ours is. On pretty weekends in the summer, this riverbank is the very verge of the modern world. It is a seat in the front row, you might say. On those weekends, the river is disquieted from morning to night by people resting from their work.This resting involves traveling at great speed, first on the road and then on the river. The people are in an emergency to relax. They long for the peace and quiet of the great outdoors. Their eyes are hungry for the scenes of nature. They go very fast in their boats. They stir the river like a spoon in a cup of coffee. They play their radios loud enough to hear above the noise of their motors. They look neither left nor right. They don't slow down for - or maybe even see - an old man in a rowboat raising his lines...I watch and I wonder and I think. I think of the old slavery, and of the way The Economy has now improved upon it. The new slavery has improved upon the old by giving the new slaves the illusion that they are free. The Economy does not take people's freedom by force, which would be against its principles, for it is very humane. It buys their freedom, pays for it, and then persuades its money back again with shoddy goods and the promise of freedom.
Leigh Hershkovich, Shattered Illusions|The limbo of life is like a song, a melody that comes around occasionally but that sticks in your head and never goes away.
Herman Wouk|When in danger or in doubt, run in circles, scream and shout.
Yi|Words are a great influence in actions, feelings, and simply just the meaning behind it.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|Promise to give me a kiss on my brow when I am dead. --I shall feel it."She dropped her head again on Marius' knees, and her eyelids closed. He thought the poor soul had departed. Eponine remained motionless. All at once, at the very moment when Marius fancied her asleep forever, she slowly opened her eyes in which appeared the sombre profundity of death, and said to him in a tone whose sweetness seemed already to proceed from another world:--"And by the way, Monsieur Marius, I believe that I was a little bit in love with you.
Antonella Gambotto-Burke, Mama: Love, Motherhood and Revolution|If I had written the greatest book, composed the greatest symphony, painted the most beautiful painting or carved the most exquisite figure I could not have felt the more exalted creator than I did when they placed my child in my arms.
Helen Keller|In the ill-judged execution of the well-judged plan of things the call seldom produces the comer, the man to love rarely coincides with the hour for loving
Shinzo Abe|When you're an artist, you have to hope for everything and expect nothing.
Matthew Alan|If not for sports, I do not think my father would have ever talked to me.
Carla Cassidy, Last Gasp|Before passing through the gates of a town I've never visited, I take a minute to salute its saints - the dead and the living, the known and the hidden. Never in my life have I arrived at a new place without getting the blessing of its saints first. It makes no difference to me whether that place belongs to Muslims, Christians, or Jews. I believe that the saints are beyond such trivial nominal distinctions. A saint belongs to all humanity.
Miranda Kenneally, Coming Up for Air|If you spend all your time thinking about how someone is going to one-up you, you can't put your best foot forward.
Oliver Goldsmith, The Vicar of Wakefield|…The more enormous our wealth, the more extensive our fears, all our possessions are paled up with new edicts every day, and hung round with gibbets to scare every invader.
Lindsey Rietzsch, Successful Failures: Recognizing the Divine Role That Opposition Plays in Life's Quest for Success|Once a person has declared "failure", they cease to look for the alternate open door. When in reality it was just inches away and wide open.
Vinko Vrbanic|Without compassion for a fellow man, for great splendors of our Sister, Mother Earth the humankind will never reconcile with itself.
Michelle Moran|I'd always thought I would feel like an animal released from its cage when my student days were finished, I felt more like a bird that had been pushed from its nest and told it must fly.
Tom Catena|I only worked theater jobs, but they were all really silly when I first graduated. I was a line monitor at 'Spamalot,' which means I got there at 8 A.M. and told people how much the tickets were for standing room. I was an NYU Medical School fake patient, to teach doctors how to talk to patients.
Robert Edison Fulton Jr., One Man Caravan|In London it had seemed impossible to travel without the proper evening clothes. One could see an invitation arriving for an Embassy ball or something. But on the other side of Europe with the first faint tinges of faraway places becoming apparent and exciting, to say nothing of vanishing roads and extra weight, Embassy balls held less significance.
Homaro Cantu|If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one.
Coleen Innis|In life you have friends and enemies, both can motivate you to be better.
Tia Mowry|At the end of the day, it seems like there's a critic archetype for food movies, like with 'Ratatouille' or anything. You know, if you were doing a puppet show about chefs, one puppet would be the chef, one would be the critic.
Paramahansa Yogananda|From the dawn of history, science has probed the universe of unknowns, searching for the uniting laws of nature.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|When someone talks about their problems, it doesn't just mean they're complaining, it means they trust you enough to tell you.
Rebecca Stead, When You Reach Me|Einstein says common sense is just habit of thought. It's how we're used to thinking about things, but a lot of the time it just gets in the way.' 'In the way of what?' 'In the way of what's true.
Eric Hobsbawm, Interesting Times: A Twentieth-century Life|More history than ever is today being revised or invented by people who do not want the real past, but only a past that suits their purpose. Today is the great age of historical mythology. The defence of history by its professionals is today more urgent in politics than ever. We are needed.
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni|As I remember my grandfather and those Christmas mornings he gave for a little girl's pleasure, I know that often a big life starts with doing small things.
Colin Meloy, Wildwood|My dear Prue, we are the inheritors of a wonderful world, a beautiful world, full of life and mystery, goodness and pain. But likewise are we children of an indifferent universe. We break our own hearts imposing our moral order on what is, by nature, a wide web of chaos. It is a hopeless task.
Stephen King, Dreamcatcher|Mr Gray didn't care much for Jonesy's body (or so he told himself; in truth it was hard not to feel at least some affection for something capable of providing such unexpected pleasures as 'bacon' and 'murder'), but it did have to take him another couple of hundred miles.
Kent Haruf, Benediction|The first men to be created and formed were called the Sorcerer of Fatal Laughter, the Sorcerer of Night, Unkempt, and the Black Sorcerer  …   They were endowed with intelligence, they succeeded in knowing all that there is in the world. When they looked, instantly they saw all that is around them, and they contemplated in turn the arc of heaven and the round face of the earth  …  [Then the Creator said]: “They know all  …   what shall we do with them now? Let their sight reach only to that which is near; let them see only a little of the face of the earth!…   Are they not by nature simple creatures of our making? Must they also be gods ?
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|Not at all up to your usual standard, Hermione. Only one out of three, I’m afraid. I have not been helping Sirius get into the castle and I certainly don’t want Harry dead. But I won’t deny that I am a werewolf.
Violet Cross, Survivors: Secrets|For all our guessing and speculating, there were a few things we all agree on. Things we knew to be fact. The drug was never meant to get out. Ordinary people were never supposed to develop extraordinary powers. Divines weren't supposed to take over the world.But they did.
Nicholas Sparks|There are no buts," she said. "Not about this. Not with me. I love you, Wilson, and I know that you love me. And if we're going to make it work between us, we're both going to have to give a little. I'm not asking you to believe. I'm asking you to it's acome with me to church. Marriage is about compromise; it's about doing something for the other person, even if you don't want to. Like I did with the wedding.
Dave Eggers, A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius|Everything we think we know is really only perceived by our senses,' he explains patiently. 'The sounds we hear are just waves in the air; colors are electromagnetic radiation; your sense of taste comes from molecules that match a specific area on your tongue. Hey, if our eyes could access the infrared part of the light spectrum, the sky would be green and trees would be red. Some animals see in completely different ways, so who knows what colors look like to them. Nothing is really how we perceive it.
Archibald Marwizi|Due to climate change and growing world population, the demand for vital requirements for human survival will continue to rise. If the world is not producing as much food as demanded, the prices will continue to rise affecting the poor and lower classes more, in every society. It is sad, looking at the shocking statistics of people who die every day as well as the spread of preventable diseases in developing nations, just because people do not have access to clean drinking water. So are we proud of our leadership contribution? Are we doing enough to increase food production, harvest rain water and replenish underground water reserves?
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering: You can be successful|Rome wasn’t built in a day, but that's because they never used Cosmic Ordering.
Frank Herbert, Dune|Then, as his planet killed him, it occurred to Kynes that his father and all the other scientists were wrong, that the most persistent principles of the universe were accident and error.
Jennifer Velásquez, Real-World Teen Services|Somebody's going to have to make the money to buy you all those books.""They're free," Franny said. "I check them out of the library.""Well, thank God for libraries," Caroline said.
Bill Cosby|I firmly believe that unless one has tasted the bitter pill of failure, one cannot aspire enough for success.
Avis J. Williams|Don't believe everything you are told, if it resonates within you, then listen and act.
Ta-Nehisi Coates, Between the World and Me|It’s illegal to yell ‘Fire!’ in a crowded theater, right?” “It is.” “Well, I’ve whispered ‘Racism’ in a post-racial world.
Harrish Sairaman|The auto immune disease is like politics in an organization, attacking own cells thinking it's foreign!
Jesse Ball, The Curfew|America is a leap of the imagination. From its beginning, people had only a persistent idea of what a good country should be. The idea involved freedom, equality, justice, and the pursuit of happiness; nowadays most of us probably could not describe it a lot more clearly than that. The truth is, it always has been a bit of a guess. No one has ever known for sure whether a country based on such an idea is really possible, but again and again, we have leaped toward the idea and hoped. What SuAnne Big Crow demonstrated in the Lead high school gym is that making the leap is the whole point. The idea does not truly live unless it is expressed by an act; the country does not live unless we make the leap from our tribe or focus group or gated community or demographic, and land on the shaky platform of that idea of a good country which all kinds of different people share.This leap is made in public, and it's made for free. It's not a product or a service that anyone will pay you for. You do it for reasons unexplainable by economics--for ambition, out of conviction, for the heck of it, in playfulness, for love. It's done in public spaces, face-to-face, where anyone is free to go. It's not done on television, on the Internet, or over the telephone; our electronic systems can only tell us if the leap made elsewhere has succeeded or failed. The places you'll see it are high school gyms, city sidewalks, the subway, bus stations, public parks, parking lots, and wherever people gather during natural disasters. In those places and others like them, the leaps that continue to invent and knit the country continue to be made. When the leap fails, it looks like the L.A. riots, or Sherman's March through Georgia. When it succeeds, it looks like the New York City Bicentennial Celebration in July 1976 or the Civil Rights March on Washington in 1963. On that scale, whether it succeeds or fails, it's always something to see. The leap requires physical presence and physical risk. But the payoff--in terms of dreams realized, of understanding, of people getting along--can be so glorious as to make the risk seem minuscule.
Kaivallya Dasu, Enchantress of Elektra|Normal science, the activity in which most scientists inevitably spend almost all their time, is predicated on the assumption that the scientific community knows what the world is like... [It] often suppresses fundamental novelties because they are necessarily subversive of its basic commitments. Nevertheless, so long as those commitments retain an element of the arbitrary, the very nature of normal research ensures that the novelty shall not be suppressed for very long... [N]ormal science repeatedly goes astray. And when it does—when, that is, the profession can no longer evade anomalies that subvert the existing tradition of scientific practice—then begin the extraordinary investigations that lead the profession at last to a new set of commitments, a new basis for the practice of science. The extraordinary episodes in which that shift of professional commitments occurs are the ones known in this essay as scientific revolutions. They are the tradition-shattering complements to the tradition-bound activity of normal science.
Toffee, Finding Juliet|Being friendzoned is like standing near fire. You stand there to seek some warmth, but get burnt instead.
Gareth Brewer|You said it was a sacrifice. Coming from me, it's a gift.
Deejay Kapil|It is so gratifying to tell so many stories my eye can romance with, that i become the stories.They shall live on after me, and in that way it makes me immortal
John Paul II, Crossing the Threshold of Hope|Could God have justified Himself before human history, so full of suffering, without placing Christ's Cross at the center of that history? . . . But God, who besides being Omnipotence is Wisdom and--to repeat once again--Love, desires to justify Himself to mankind. He is not the Absolute that remains outside of the world, indifferent to human suffering. he is Emmanuel, God-with-us, a God who shares man's lot and participates in his destiny.
Swami Vivekananda, Complete Works of Swami Vivekananda 8 Vol. set|stick to truth and we shall succeed, may be slowly, but surely.
Debasish Mridha|Act, not for the results, but for the action.Lead, not for the mission, but for the vision. See, not through your beliefs, but through the eyes.Trust, not because of your beliefs, but because of truth. Think before you do and do because it is right.
Zelda Fitzgerald, Save Me the Waltz|The sun is an arrogant thing, always leaving the world behind when it tires of us.The moon is a loyal companion.It never leaves. It's always there, watching, steadfast, knowing us in our light and dark moments, changing forever just as we do. Everyday it's a different version of itself. Sometimes weak and wan, sometimes strong and full of light. The moon understands what it means to be human.Uncertain. Alone. Cratered by imperfections.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|Is it so far from madness to wisdom?" - Daenerys Targaryen
Antonella Gambotto-Burke, Mama: Dispatches from the Frontline of Love|There were times when I would sob until I shook, until my eyelids were so swollen that it pained me to open them, and through hiccoughs, trembling, I would hiss, don’t touch me! as he moved to place a gentle hand on my shoulder. There were times when we seemed locked into our chairs, discrete, the static between us more eloquent than words. But there was never a moment when I doubted Peter’s ability to heal me.
John F. Kennedy|The Chinese use two brush strokes to write the word 'crisis.' One brush stroke stands for danger; the other for opportunity. In a crisis, be aware of the danger--but recognize the opportunity.
Edward Whitacre, Jr.|Nothing is insignificant in the history of a young community, and - above all - nothing seems impossible.
Lisa Ling|To be completely woman you need a master, and in him a compass for your life. You need a man you can look up to and respect. If you dethrone him it's no wonder that you are discontented, and discontented women are not loved for long.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|The unity of Nigeria will only come if we overcome and overgrow tribe, materialism and selfish human nature.
Dave Brubeck|It's all very well for us to sit here in the West with our high incomes and cushy lives, and say it's immoral to violate the sovereignty of another state. But if the effect of that is to bring people in that country economic and political freedom, to raise their standard of living, to increase their life expectancy, then don't rule it out.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|Because your steadfast love is better than life, my lips will praise you.
Old Breton fisherman s prayer|O God, thy sea is so great and my boat is so small.
Judd Trichter, Love in the Age of Mechanical Reproduction|After all, a man's life, when all is said and done, should serve some greater purpose than that of a hero in a cautionary tale.
Michael Brent Jones, Dinner Party|It's okay to be sad, but it's not okay to be ungrateful. Cultivating gratitude is the attitude that makes room for happiness; given the space for happiness to grow, gratitude has a way of surmounting the misery of disaster and adversity, and healing our soul. Take heart, the future is brighter when you look for and seek the light in it.
Paul Manafort|Some people feel, you make your case, if they listen to you, fine, if they don't, that's it. That's not what leadership is. Leadership is trying to continue to make a case.
Gena Showalter, The Darkest Whisper|He’s a love-’em-and-leave-’em kind of guy. And though he’s not a Lord, he does have a curse hanging over his head. I have the book to prove it.”William growled low in his throat. “Anya! Must you share my secrets with everyone?” He flattened his palms on the arms of his chair. “Fine. If you can spill, I can, too. Anya’s the reason the Titanic sank. She was playing chicken with the icebergs.”Scowling, Anya anchored her hands on her hips. “William had a bronze made of his penis and placed it on his mantel.
Rachel Cohn, Dash & Lily's Book of Dares|Somewhere between a friend and acquaintance—a frequaintance, as it were.
Munia Khan|I'm never really upset when a person lies because I don't place much value in truths. When you look at the grand design, you realize that there are no truths, only stories. In other words, the only truth is that we are all stories. Lies are just part of the story that we tell.
Elizabeth Warren, A Fighting Chance|One should attend carefully to the fear and desperation of the powerful. They understand very well the potential reach of the "ultimate weapon," and only hope that those who seek a more free and just world will not gain the same understanding and put it effectively to use.
Harriet Evans, Happily Ever After|But I can’t manage to grow up and change shape. I’m still tiny, and staying that way, perhaps because I know the secret that everyone pretends to be unaware of, perhaps because I know that deep down we’re all tiny.
Walter Scott|‎"The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams."  -Oprah Winfrey-
Chris Prentiss, Zen and the Art of Happiness|Every belief that you hold manifests itself in some manner by either causing you to take some form of action or by preventing you from taking action. If you don't believe something is possible, you won't even attempt it.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|I love sleep. My life has the tendency to fall apart when I'm awake, you know?
Henry Rollins, Black Coffee Blues|Depression is a red herring," said Nariman. "I think a lot about the past, it's true. But at my age, the past is more present than the here and now. and there is not much percentage in the future.
Matthew Desmond, Evicted: Poverty and Profit in the American City|No moral code or ethical principle, no piece of scripture or holy teaching, can be summoned to defend what we have allowed our country to become.
Alice Williams|Nouvelle cuisine  roughly translated  means "I can't believe I spent ninety-six dollars and I'm still hungry."
Allan Folsom, The Day After Tomorrow|Where there is reflection, there is either double beauty or double ugliness!
Latika Teotia|The best way to move on and move forward is to let go of the past. By past I mean everything hurtful, everything that brings or reminds us of pain, everything that was unpleasant and everything that led to disappointments. Unless you do that, the way forward will continue to be uphill. Let go and move on…
Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.|.the worse experience, the better teacher..
Carl Hiaasen, Sick Puppy|Hope you didn't bring any spiders into the van with you,' Simon put in. 'Hey, I'm thinking we could take you back outside and hose you down, just to make sure. You'd definitely smell better if we did, which, I mean, bonus.' Jeremy scraped both hands through his hair again, then beat them clean against his thighs. 'Believe me, Simon, if we had access to a garden hose, I'd be the first to turn it on myself. I feel foul.''Hate to break it to you, Archer, but that feeling is not lying to you,' Simon said with mild relish.
Alin Sav|If Jesus is not enough, the person you met wasn´t Jesus.
Jim Rohn|Some people claim that it is okay to read trashy novels because sometimes you can find something valuable in them. You can also find a crust of bread in a garbage can, if you search long enough, but there is a better way.
S.A. Tawks, Mule|I'm not a hero, though. I'm just a man.
Bayode Ojo, Petals Around The Rose|No man has your love at heart, they all pretend to be what they are not. They would rather write you out of relevance and reckoning than recommend you for elevation and prosperity. Your destiny is in your hands and it will take you to scribble boldly what you want the world to read about you....
Marty Rubin|When your share your story with someone, it becomes their story too.
Kathe Koja|No, I wanted to say, he didn't cut off her hands because he didn't have to, he had cut them off long before, with years of keeping all authority in his own palms, all the rules and all the power and all the answers emanating from him and no one else. And if you don't understand that, if you've never been in such a family, then you can't know the way the mind shackles itself and amputates its own limbs so adeptly that you never think to miss them, never think that you had anything so obscene as choice.
Marissa Meyer, Scarlet|(Echo) “So you agree that throwing people into walls isn’t okay?”(Noah) “It is when someone f*cks with you.”I attempt to step back, but Noah halts the escape. “I mean it. No one treats you like shit. At least when I’m around. That’s nonnegotiable.” (Noah)
Shannon Hale, Book of a Thousand Days|Yeah, well, not many boys take their girls out on a duck shoot with them as target for a first date. You have to give me points for style.
Rose Kennedy|One of the first movies my dad took me to see was the original 'Road Warrior.' And I was kind of raised on the action movies of that era: 'The Terminator' and 'Die Hard' and, of course, all of the 'Star Wars' movies.
Paul Kalanithi, When Breath Becomes Air|Neuroscientist Antonio Damasio describes emotions as the "continuous musical line of our minds, the unstoppable humming." This basso continuo thrums along while doctors make a steady stream of conscious medical decisions.
Steve Jones, The Language of Genes|The meaning of sex is illustrated by two eponymous heroes of British history, King Edward VII (who flourished in the years before the First World War) and the King Edward variety of potato which has fed the British working class for almost as long). The potato, unlike the royal family, reproduces asexually. Every King Edward potato is identical to every other and each on has the same set of genes as the hoary ancestor of all potatoes bearing that name. This is convenient for the farmer and the grocer, which is why sex is not encouraged among potatoes.
Louis Pasteur|I've actually started a number of businesses in my career. So I'm 28 currently, but when I was about 16, I started building Websites, and that's how I put myself through school. I went to Duke with a degree in electrical engineering, computer science, computer engineering, and then to Princeton.
Narayan Liu, The Masks of Monsters|Just as the world spun us into existence, it will spin on long after we are gone.
R. Alan Woods, The Journey Is the Destination: A Book of Quotes With Commentaries|If you will have patience in difficulties you know the Holy Spirit is within you, if you will also have the strength to be thankful in troubles than is when the Holy Spirit shines through you.
Julie Garwood|Never be ruled by possessions, and never, ever make wealth more important to you than your self-respect and your dignity." - Lady Taylor
Ted Harts, Harts Remember When: 100 True Stories of Courage|Start to focus on things that unite the races of people instead of things that divide us, and you will have already won the battle, and are a building block to the solution.
Lester Bangs|Like almost all of Beefheart's recorded work, [Trout Mask Replica] was not even "ahead" of its time in 1969. Then and now, it stands outside time, trends, fads, hypes, the rise and fall of whole genres eclectic as walking Christmas trees, constituting a genre unto itself: truly, a musical Monolith if ever there was one.
J. Lincoln Fenn, Poe|And a funeral, I found out, is like a wedding in reverse, with less time to plan.
John C. Wright, The Phoenix Exultant|Shutting out all external objects, fixing the vision between the eyebrows, making even the inward and outward breaths, the sage who has controlled the senses, mind and understanding, who is intent upon liberation, who has cast away desire, fear and anger, he is ever freed.
Debasish Mridha|When we blindly accept an idea, a thought, or a dogma, we become blind.
Z'ev Ben Shimon Halevi, The Way of Kabbalah|Everyone is searching for something. Some people pursue security, others pleasure or power. Yet others look for dreams, or they know not what. There are, however, those who know what they seek but cannot find it in the natural world. For these searchers many clues have been laid out by those who have gone before. The traces are everywhere, although only those with eyes to see or ears to hear perceive them. When the significance of these signs is seriously acted upon, Providence opens a door out of the natural into the supernatural to reveal a ladder from the transient to the Eternal. He who dares the ascent enters the Way of Kabbalah.
Anne Fortier, The Lost Sisterhood|Why must a woman always surrender? I am not prey!""No I am. Your arrow struck me long ago." Paris took her hand and placed it on his chest."Right here. And every time I try to pull it out." He used her hand to demonstrate. "You force it back in.
Nwaocha Ogechukwu|For centuries after Christ, the church and other religions that use cruciform symbols have misrepresented the physical nature of Christ's death with a satanic symbol (cross), and a pagan idol (corpus). This secret has been concealed by the church for centuries after Christ.
Bai Juyi, The Selected Poems of Po Chü-i|Our hair points to the sky, the place we'd rather be....
Sunday Adelaja|The more conscious I was of all the good and of all this "beautiful and lofty," the deeper I kept sinking into my mire, and the more capable I was of getting completely stuck in it. But the main feature was that this was all in me not as if by chance, but as if it had to be so. As if it were my most normal condition and in no way a sickness or a blight, so that finally I lost any wish to struggle against this blight. I ended up almost believing (and maybe indeed believing) that this perhaps was my normal condition. But at first, in the beginning, how much torment I endured in this struggle! I did not believe that such things happened to others, and therefore kept it to myself all my life as a secret. I was ashamed (maybe I am ashamed even now); it reached the point with me where I would feel some secret, abnormal, mean little pleasure in returning to my corner on some nasty Petersburg night and being highly conscious of having once again done a nasty thing that day, and again that what had been done could in no way be undone, and I would gnaw, gnaw at myself with my teeth, inwardly, secretly, tear and suck at myself until the bitterness finally turned into some shameful, accursed sweetness, and finally-into a decided, serious pleasure! Yes, a pleasure, a pleasure! I stand upon it. The reason I've begun to speak is that I keep wanting to find out for certain: do other people have such pleasures? I'll explain it to you: the pleasure here lay precisely in the too vivid consciousness of one's own humiliation; in feeling that one had reached the ultimate wall; that, bad as it is, it cannot be otherwise; that there is no way out for you, that you will never change into a different person; that even if you had enough time and enough faith left to change yourself into something different, you probably would not wish to change; and even if you did wish it, you would still not do anything, because in fact there is perhaps nothing to change into.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|It is the time that delivers greatness to people. Therefore if you can know how to convert your time by investing it, then you can buy greatness with it.
Derek Donais, MetalMagic: Talisman|One age ends, and another begins. It is the way of things. But, it doesn't happen all at once.
Pierce Brosnan|Susanne Bier's work I've always really enjoyed. She's just such a great filmmaker; she's very cool and very sexy - that always helps, too.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Every tough situation, toughen the soul.
Amit Kalantri|If the reason of your sleeplessness is competition, then you will make a successful businessman.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|The whole journey of life has been broken down into bits: days! Day by day we live life! Day by day we live and leave something behind; something good or something bad! Something mediocre or something noble! Until you know how to use your day, you may end your days and ponder over your days; how you used them and how you wasted them!
Cory Bernardi, The Conservative Revolution|The unity of all science consists alone in its method, not in its material.
Talal Abu-Ghazaleh, Blankets become Jackets|I always have believed that we should not call it an Arab-Israeli issue or a Palestinian-Arab dispute or a peace negotiation. I think we should call it what it is: an occupation of Palestine, full stop. This is not a popular position in mixed company.
Victoria Pendleton|I turned into a monk when my mother went to learn Buddhism in Burma. While she learnt at the monastery, I used to roam around with a begging bowl and ask for food.
L.F. Young|The only keeper of your happiness is you. Stop giving people the power to control your smile, your worth and your attitude.
Max Lerner|Every time a man expects, as he says, his money to work for him, he is expecting other people to work for him.
Leo Tolstoy|It was wrong to do this," said the angel."You should live like a flower,Holding malice like a puppy,Waging war like a lambkin.""Not so," quoth the manWho had no fear of spirits;"It is only wrong for angelsWho can live like the flowers,Holding malice like the puppies,Waging war like the lambkins.
James Castleton, MD, Mending of a Broken Heart|Happiness is true, even though it fades, and meaning is also true, despite the fact that it endures. Those experiences that define what it most means to be human are true not because they endure, they are true because they are meaningful. Being human is not about being happy, not because happiness fades, but because the apex of the human experience is not happiness but meaning. Meaning endures not because it is true but because it is not dependent on circumstance. Happiness is transient not because it is false but precisely because it is dependent on circumstance. Each emotional experience is true in its proper domain. What makes one fleeting and the other lasting is not truth but the fact that one belongs to the temporal and the other to the eternal.
Jess Rothenberg|And today is really the happiest day of your life, because today you woke up and stumbled across the shadow of your soul in broad daylight."From Central Park Song: a Screenplay
D. Allen Miller, Scarlet Tears|I wasn't made with wings so I could fly away. So here I stand, fighting for a brighter day. That fight begins with me.
T.S. Eliot, Murder in the Cathedral|A christian martyrdom is never an accident, for Saints are not made by accident.
Debasish Mridha|Life is finite, so focus on your purpose and do what is important.
Rachael Taylor|It's human nature to gripe, but I'm going ahead and doing the best I can.
Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince|A prudent man will always try to follow in the footsteps of great men and imitate those who have been truly outstanding, so that, if he is not quite as skillful as they, at least some of their ability may rub off on him.
Ginger Voight, The Complete Groupie Trilogy|...Use your finger to trace the scar upon my chest- I lied - it wasn't a knife wound, but a scrape from a nail sliding under a fence to see you...
Michelle Obama|A story should have a beginning, a middle and an end, but not necessarily in that order.
Alan VanMeter|You don’t want it, but the destiny oblige it
Terry Pratchett, Unseen Academicals|If truth is not objective, there is no good or evil. There is only what people do and how people feel about it.
Martin Luther|We can never learn too much of His will towards us, too much of His messages and His advice. The Bible is His word and its study gives at once the foundation for our faith and an inspiration to battle onward in the fight against the tempter.
Robert Rowland Smith, Breakfast with Socrates: An Extraordinary (Philosophical) Journey Through Your Ordinary Day|Although her disobedience is tragic, Eve’s innocence is not all bad. Certainly, that innocfence leads her to make a poor choice - the very worst - but the fact that she makes a choice at all, the fact that she engages the Devil in a debate which could go either way, the fact that she acts without God breathing down her neck - all speak for her free will or, what amounts to the same thing, her margin for error. It is from this margin for error that freedom springs, because you can’t be free to right unless you can be free to be wrong.
Philip Levine|… the river sliding along its banks, darker now than the sky descending a last time to scatter its diamonds into these black waters that contain the day that passed, the night to come. — Excerpt from the poem “The Mercy
Susane Colasanti, Waiting for You|If you're in bad mood, take a deep breath.If you're in good mood, give thanks to God.
Alison Weir, Eleanor of Aquitaine: A Life|I come to the understanding that maybe what was on the inside was more important, and that your outer covering didn't count so much as folks thought it did, colored or white, man or woman.
Jennifer Sodini, The Unity Tree: A Whimsical Muse on Cosmic Consciousness|Our consciousness on the physical plane is relatively crude. We view choice making in terms of language, but like time, language is a construct of the physical plane. Nonetheless, on some level and in some way that may be incomprehensible to us now, we chose all the components of who we are—they are not imposed upon it.
Immanuel Kant, Critique of Practical Reason|Two things fill the mind with ever-increasing wonder and awe, the more often and the more intensely the mind of thought is drawn to them: the starry heavens above me and the moral law within me.
Lailah Gifty Akita|A lot of profanities begin with "F". Word "failure" is one of them.
Maika Monroe|Well, you know, Thomas Jefferson, who was the author of the Declaration of Independence said he wouldn't have any atheists in his cabinet because atheists wouldn't swear an oath to God. That was Jefferson and we have never had any Muslims in the cabinet.
Sunday Adelaja|Identifying someone by his, or her, outward appearance is often the first and most common error in the world
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby|A melancholy air can never be the right thing; what you want is a bored air. If you are melancholy, it must be because you want something, there is something in which you have not succ
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Relax, Recreate and Refresh!
Émile Zola, Pot Luck|What destroys a man more quickly than to work, think and feel without inner necessity, without any deep personal desire, without pleasure - as a mere automaton of duty?
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana|Do not let anyone define who you are, due to who they are not.
Dorothy L. Sayers, Busman's Honeymoon|But that's men all over ... Poor dears, they can't help it. They haven't got logical minds.
Leo Tolstoy|War is not a polite recreation but the vilest thing in life, and we ought to understand that and not play at war. Our attitude towards the fearful necessity of war ought to be stern. It boils down to this: we should have done with humbug, and let war be war and not a game. Otherwise, war is a favourite pastime of the idle and frivolous...
Teresa R. Funke, Bursts of Brilliance for a Creative Life blog|If you build a wall to separate people, there will be those who find a way around the wall, or over it, or under it, or through it. We humans are not meant to be contained, and neither are our thoughts.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|You don't get it, Clary. You don't understand what it's like to live always at war, to grow up with battle and sacrifice. I guess it's not your fault. It's just how you were brought up-
Krista Kedrick, Under a Prairie Moon|Whether you think you're right or you think you're wrong. You're right.""If you think in pictures, write. If you think in words, paint.
John Dryden|A great hope gets crushed every time someone reminds us that happiness can be neither assumed nor earned; that we are all prisoners of our own flawed brains; that the ultimate aloneness in each of us is, finally, inviolable.
Silverwolf|Politics:Lies about the truth,or the truth about lies?
Candis Terry, Truly Sweet|She blew out a sigh. "Guess there's not denying I've always had a crazy thing for him."Crazy as in he's so gorgeous you want to jump his bones? Or crazy as in you could see yourself spending the rest of your life with him?
Kate Morton, The Forgotten Garden|Apart from such visits, for the first time in her life Eliza was truly alone. In the beginning, unfamiliar sounds, nocturnal sounds, disturbed her, but as the days passed she came to know them: soft-pawed animals under the eaves, the ticking of the warming range, floorboards shivering in the cooling nights. And there were unexpected benefits to her solitary life: alone in the cottage, Eliza discovered that the characters from her fairy tales became bolder. She found fairies playing in the spiders' webs, insects whispering incantations on the windowsills, fire sprites spitting and hissing in the range. Sometimes in the afternoons, Eliza would sit on the rocking chair listening to them. And late at night, when they were all asleep, she would spin their stories into her own tales.
Kassandra Cross, Carrie's First Time: Taboo Older Man Younger Woman First Time Erotic Romance|I’ve wanted you since the moment you first turned up here four months ago,” he whispered, “I have to have you.
Thomas Munro|Marriage is like a three-speed gearbox affection, friendship, love. It is not advisable to crash your gears and go right through to love straightaway. You need to ease your way through. The basis of love is respect, and that needs to be learned from affection and friendship.
Tanya Sehgal|When your eyes beholds mine, I am mesmerized only to be your wife in bad times more than the best ones. Because whatever one say Marriage is all about Compassion
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Green Gables|Sometimes it is the other way around. A white person is set down in our midst, but the contrast is just as sharp for me. For instance, when I sit in the drafty basement that is The New World Cabaret with a white person, my color comes. We enter chatting about any little nothing that we have in common and are seated by the jazz waiters. In the abrupt way that jazz orchestras have, this one plunges into a number. It loses no time in circumlocutions, but gets right down to business. It constricts the thorax and splits the heart with its tempo and narcotic harmonies. This orchestra grows rambunctious, rears on its hind legs and attacks the tonal veil with primitive fury, rending it, clawing it until it breaks through to the jungle beyond. I follow those heathen--follow them exultingly. I dance wildly inside myself; I yell within, I whoop; I shake my assegai above my head, I hurl it true to the mark yeeeeooww! I am in the jungle and living in the jungle way. My face is painted red and yellow and my body is painted blue. My pulse is throbbing like a war drum. I want to slaughter something--give pain, give death to what, I do not know. But the piece ends. The men of the orchestra wipe their lips and rest their fingers. I creep back slowly to the veneer we call civilization with the last tone and find the white friend sitting motionless in his seat, smoking calmly."Good music they have here," he remarks, drumming the table with his fingertips.Music. The great blobs of purple and red emotion have not touched him. He has only heard what I felt. He is far away and I see him but dimly across the ocean and the continent that have fallen between us. He is so pale with his whiteness then and I am so colored.
John McCain|Little children, you are from God, and have conquered them; for the one who is in you is greater than the one who is in this world.
Debasish Mridha|When we are truly aware of great abundance in our life, feel grateful and express gratitude for those treasures and beauty, then we are fully living.
Vicky Dreiling, What a Wicked Earl Wants|Moonlight does things to a street scene that no other natural or man-made phenomenon can effect. People walk slower, their smiles lingering on contended faces. Horses that usually move along fast enough to stir up the dust off the street plod lazily in the clear, cool night. And in dark corners where people forget to look, the goons come out.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If I don’t succeed, I will try again and never stop trying.When I succeed, I will again explore new opportunities.
Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights|Catherine Earnshaw, may you not rest as long as I am living. You said I killed you--haunt me then. The murdered do haunt their murderers. I believe--I know that ghosts have wandered the earth. Be with me always--take any form--drive me mad. Only do not leave me in this abyss, where I cannot find you! Oh, God! It is unutterable! I cannot live without my life! I cannot live without my soul!
Mario Vargas Llosa, Aunt Julia and the Scriptwriter|One can't fight with oneself, for this battle has only one loser.
Liezi, Lieh-tzu: A Taoist Guide to Practical Living|Some people think they can find satisfaction in good food, fine clothes, lively music, and sexual pleasure. However, when they have all these things, they are not satisfied. They realize happiness is not simply having their material needs met. Thus, society has set up a system of rewards that go beyond material goods. These include titles, social recognition, status, and political power, all wrapped up in a package called self-fulfillment. Attracted by these prizes and goaded on by social pressure, people spend their short lives tiring body and mind to chase after these goals. Perhaps this gives them the feeling that they have achieved something in their lives, but in reality they have sacrificed a lot in life. They can no longer see, hear, act, feel, or think from their hearts. Everything they do is dictated by whether it can get them social gains. In the end, they've spent their lives following other people's demands and never lived a life of their own. How different is this from the life of a slave or a prisoner?
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|To be effective in fulfilling your goals, you must break them down into little tasks and then spend most of your time working on the task in front of you, instead of being overwhelmed by the enormity of the big goal.
Mike Pence|In medical school, you're taught to write in this convoluted, Latinate way. I knew the vocabulary as well as anyone, but I would write kidney instead of nephric. I insisted on using English.
Rebecca Scott|Having money will make you look enticing to women even if you are not a good-looking dude. Don’t believe me, go ask Mick Jagger, Donald Trump, Jay-Z and the rest of the fugly men who have all the money and get all the fine women.
Tony Parsons|Democracy is cancerous, and bureaus are its cancer. A bureau takes root anywhere in the state, turns malignant like the Narcotic Bureau, and grows and grows, always reproducing more of its own kind, until it chokes the host if not controlled or excised. Bureaus cannot live without a host, being true parasitic organisms. (A cooperative on the other hand can live without the state. That is the road to follow. The building up of independent units to meet needs of the people who participate in the functioning of the unit. A bureau operates on opposite principles of inventing needs to justify its existence.) Bureaucracy is wrong as a cancer, a turning away from the human evolutionary direction of infinite potentials and differentiation and independent spontaneous action to the complete parasitism of a virus. (It is thought that the virus is a degeneration from more complex life-form. It may at one time have been capable of independent life. Now has fallen to the borderline between living and dead matter. It can exhibit living qualities only in a host, by using the life of another — the renunciation of life itself, a falling towards inorganic, inflexible machine, towards dead matter.) Bureaus die when the structure of the state collapse. They are as helpless and unfit for independent existence as a displaced tapeworm, or a virus that has killed the host.
Lisa Rowe Fraustino, Dirty Laundry: Stories About Family Secrets|It was an intensely lonely moment, like all of eighth grade condensed into one claustrophobic second.
Lee Camp, Mere Discipleship: Radical Christianity in a Rebellious World|One does not surrender a life in an instant. That which is lifelong can only be surrendered in a lifetime. Nor is surrender to the will of God (per se) adequate to fullness of power in Christ. Maturity is the accomplishment of years, and I can only surrender to the will of God as I know what that will is.
Ronald Knox|Hope is something that is demanded of us; it is not, then, a mere reasoned calculation of our chances. Nor is it merely the bubbling up of a sanguine temperament; if it is demanded of us, it lies not in the temperament but in the will... Hoping for what? For delivereance from persecution, for immunity from plague, pestilence, and famine...? No, for the grace of persevering in his Christian profession, and for the consequent achievement of a happy immortality. Strictly speaking, then, the highest exercise of hope, supernaturally speaking, is to hope for perseverance and for Heaven when it looks, when it feels, as if you were going to lose both one and the other.
Criss Jami|One's suffering, one's melancholy is, in itself, really only looked upon as failure or as punishment, as detestable or sinful or socially unacceptable in the eyes of man; but this is not so in the eyes of God: for He is close to the broken-hearted.
Blanche Wiesen Cook, Eleanor Roosevelt, Vol 1, 1884-1933|And even when success comes, as I am sure it will, bear in mind that there are more quiet and enviable joys than to be among the most sought after women at a ball...
Michael J. Fox|Family is not an important thing, it is everything
Touaxia Vang|Love is like a piece of chocalate. It looks and tastes good, but it's dark. What really matters is the inside.
Sean J Halford, Stronger Than Lions|Life is short and evasive. This shortness and evasiveness of life is not predicated on numeric quantifiers, but embedded in the limitation on humans as mere mortals.
Helen Caldicott|Patriotism is nationalism, and always leads to war.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|To recapitulate: the exchange-ratio subsisting between commodities and money is everywhere the same. But men and their wants are not everywhere the same, and neither are commodities. Only if these distinctions are ignored is it possible to speak of local differences in the purchasing power of money or to say that living is dearer in one place than in another.
Debasish Mridha|If you are the reflection of light, then how can you fear darkness?
Hermann Hesse, The Glass Bead Game|He read the veinings of a leaf, the pattern on a mushroom cap, and divined mysteries, relations, futures, possibilities: the magic of symbols, the foreshadowing of numbers and writing, the reduction of infinitudes and multiplicities to simplicity, to system, to concept. For all these ways of comprehending the world through the mind no doubt lay within him, nameless, unnamed, but not inconceivable, not beyond the bounds of presentiment, still in the germ, but essential to his nature, part of him, growing organically within him. And if we were to go still further back beyond this Rainmaker and his time which to us seems so early and primitive, if we were to go several thousand years further back into the past, wherever we found man we would still find - this is our firm belief - the mind of man, that mind which has no beginning and always has contained everything that it later produces.
Romain Gary|All my jobs have been with food in one way or another since 1948. My parents were in the hotel business, and I just loved the warm hearted people who worked so hard with such good humor.
Dwayne Johnson|Love can give you such happiness, then can break the very heart it filled, leaving a hole that can never be fixed or protected by any armour.
Tom Stoppard|There’s a fine line between appropriate and inappropriate, but it better be a strong, clear line.' As a teacher, I took that advice to heart. As a writer, I asked, “'But what happens if the line isn’t strong or clear?
Akira Kurosawa, Something Like an Autobiography|Often people that tell others they are "extremely polite" when the situation calls for tact and bluntness are not actually polite people. Instead, they hide behind the word “polite” because they have low self esteem or hidden agendas. Sadly, they impolitely confuse the hell out of everyone, send mixed signals, which then makes people question their sanity and motives.
Kiera Cass, The Selection|He let out a sigh. With my head there against his chest, I could faintly make out the sound of his heart beating through his suit coat. It seemed to be rushing. His hand, gentle as ever, reached to cup my cheek. As I looked into his eyes, I felt that unnameable feeling that was growing between us. With his eyes, Maxon asked for something we'd both agree to wait on. I was glad he didn't want to wait anymore. I gave him a tiny nod, and he bridged the small gap between us, kissing me with unimaginable tenderness.
Boris Pasternak, Doctor Zhivago|It's good when a man deceives your expectations, when he doesn't correspond to the preconceived notion of him. To belong to a type is the end of a man, his condemnation. If he doesn't fall into any category, if he's not representative, half of what's demanded of him is there. He's free of himself, he has achieved a grain of immortality.
C. JoyBell C.|Such is my relationship with God: on my gigantic canvass of life, I am the one throwing all of the brightly-colored paints, creating genuine splatters, authentic whirlpools of color, beautiful patterns, wonderful streaks and stains and wild accents; God is the one with the paintbrush who stands beside my canvass filling all the intricate and amazing details in between the whirlpools and the streaks! We're happy together!
Lujan Matus|How can those who possess all knowledge, which must include knowledge of life that is worth living, be interested in using knowledge only for the insignificant aim of making money?
J.A. Redmerski, The Edge of Never|I'm a romantic and I kinda believed in this fairy tale. And in some ways I think that's always been to my advantage, because like if you can believe in something great, I feel like you can achieve something great.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Love spiritually, not strategically.
Miguel Torga|May the sun come, it's a new day; In the pure land of fantasy; That our darkness enlightened
Michael Ben Zehabe, Song of Songs The Book for Daughters|Religion forces every individual to take responsibility. Specifically, take it away from yourself and give it to God. If we had to be accountable for every one of our actions, we'd be crippled with indecision. But with religion pointing the way, we can feel confident in our choice to picket our children's elementary school when we find out the art teacher is gay.
Margaret Thatcher|Florence Farr once said to me  "If we could say to ourselves  with sincerity  'this passing moment is as good as any I shall ever know ' we could die upon the instant and be united with God."
A.H. Septimius, Crowns Of Amara: The Return Of The Oracle|Educated and ambitious, with their own forthright opinions, the women of the Garvey set did more to determine political direction than many councillors. Their involvement in public life and political machinations was such that the Shylonian ambassador was able to report, to his monarch, that the women of the Garvey clique were ‘politicians first, homemakers second.
Camille Paglia|If he’s not gay and he hung out with you the whole time, he wanted to be. It’s boyfriend or want to be boyfriend or I guess gay. Those are the choices.
R. Y.S. Perez, I Hope You Fall in Love: Poetry Collection|Security means the state of being free from danger or threat. Danger means the possibility of suffering harm or injury. The possibility of something unwelcome or unpleasant happening.There are times I have to stress as I express the correct, precise, real and honest definitions; so that the deceptive, politically motivated folks who destructively branded me as “threat to danger” would realise their double denial duplicity, dishonesty and hypocrisy.Have you at least questioned the personal motives and faulty malicious and intentional misjudgment or at least be honestly curious to discern the motive of a cunning person who warns you against another as a danger, a threat or a risk to life or security? Did the political harridan mean political threat to her political coalition or a danger to reveal the harridan's creative deception matched with her political ambitious power links? ~ Angelica Hopes, K.H. Trilogy
Ta-Nehisi Coates|Something as curious as the monarchy won't survive unless you take account of people's attitudes. After all, if people don't want it, they won't have it.
Charles Hazlewood|Everything good and bad about technology would be magnified by implanting it deep in brains. Is the risk of brain-hacking outweighed by the societal benefits of faster, deeper communication, and the ability to augment our own intelligence?
William Gibson|When I began to write fiction that I knew would be published as science fiction, [and] part of what I brought to it was the critical knowledge that science fiction was always about the period in which it was written.
Marcus Tullius Cicero|Times are bad. Children no longer obey their parents, and everyone is writing a book.
Irene M. Pepperberg, Alex  Me: How a Scientist and a Parrot Discovered a Hidden World of Animal Intelligence--and Formed a Deep Bond in the Process|Protecting the weak is the whole fucking basis for civilization. If you're not protecting the weak, you're not civilized. You're fucking animals.
Diana Gabaldon, The Fiery Cross|I don't want these clinical, awkward setups. I don't feel like doing this twenty more times. I can't imagine meeting my soulmate through an interview process. I want to know without words. I want fall so violently that I risk breaking into a million pieces. I want to love so desperately it's indecent. I want it to be wild and fated and forever. A no choice connection.
Les Aspin|I can hardly express in words my deep feeling and sympathy for them, knowing as I do, the many serious handicaps and obstacles that will confront them in almost every walk of life.
Jan Karon, Somewhere Safe with Somebody Good|That was his favorite thing about books—they took you off to other people’s lives an’ places, but you could still set in your own chair by th’oil heater, warm as a mouse in a churn.
J.J. Brown, Vector a Modern Love Story|The library was a great sprawling complex with rolls and rolls of paper tucked into many shelves. Between the reading rooms were courtyards with living fountains and singing birds and butterflies that would transform into handsome young women to guide or entertain anyone who stayed there any length of time. I saw one among the stacks, explaining an older style of calligraphy to the newly appointed Heavenly Marine Official of the South China Sea. In another wing, a librarian stepped from her chrysalis for the first time, reciting T’ang Dynasty poetry to the flowers. That’s how I knew I was in the right section.
Krishna Saagar|There isn't anything you can't make run a little better, a little faster, a little smoother, if you take the time to analyse it and component-split the processes.
Sarah Ockler, Twenty Boy Summer|Anna," he said, dragging his frosted fingers through my hair."Don't you know what it means when a boy pulls your hair at your birthday party?" "No." Just, then, i didn't know what anything meant.
Iain Pears, An Instance of the Fingerpost|The devil himself can become beauty, so we are told, to corrupt mankind."(Marco)
Abhijit Naskar, Illusion of Religion: A Treatise on Religious Fundamentalism|There are no other heaven and hell outside the human mind. Goodness is heaven, hatred is hell. Acceptance is religion, sectarianism is blasphemy. Love is holiness, discrimination is sin.
Debasish Mridha|Believe that you are not only beautiful, but you are amazing and wonderful.
Eden Ashe, Ever Mine|She shifted in his pocket, pressing her back against his chest. "It's iron."Instead of walking into the elevator, he glanced down at her. If he kept craning his neck this way, he was going to have a hell of a nasty headache by the time he made it home. Not to mention the looks he was getting from his taff for talking to himself, he was going to end up in a psych hold if this kept up.
William Lloyd Garrison|Never walk away from failure. On the contrary, study it carefully and imaginatively for its hidden assets.
Justin Bog, Hark: A Christmas Collection|With more time spent in their mother's presence, Maggie kept topics of conversation to small stuff, seldom ever wanted to dig below the surface, learned from her mother: just be polite, which makes Callie's own facile mental questioning and creative drive, paired with her physical rigidity, all the more oppositional, and, how they dance around serious subjects, laughable.
Tanya Ward Jordan|Don’t seem right, do it?” said Topper. “It ain’t right,” replied Fin. “Not at all.” Jack guzzled his wine and wiped at his beard. “Mayhap it’s right and we can’t see it...” Topper scratched his bald head and hummed in thought. “Still don’t seem right,” he proclaimed when he’d hummed enough. Jack dropped his flagon to the deck and it rolled away clattering. “Yeah, well, what seems ain’t always what is.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The Bible is God speaking to mankind. The more you read the Bible, the more you will hear God speaking to you.
Queen Of Spades|Life is too short to hold back, so live It as if It's not guaranteed.
William Morris, The Beauty of Life: William Morris  the Art of Design|Rain may cleanse the Earth, but it doesn't wash away our tears.
Colin Powell|For the merchant, even honesty is a financial speculation.
Michaela Ruiz|Life Is Just Understanding, people Just Running but why they Run? They don't know
Chelsea Handler, Are You There, Vodka? It's Me, Chelsea|My negotiation skills are are on par with George Bush's reading ability. And just like Dubya, every time I've tried to put forth an effort, I am reminded that my only true strength lies in drinking.
Hampton Sides, In the Kingdom of Ice: The Grand and Terrible Polar Voyage of the USS Jeannette|I know who I am when I'm wi' Sam. When I wake up in his arms, I'm so at peace I don't wantae get out of bed. He makes me laugh until I cry, he always cares for me, no matter that I'm a maudlin, moody control freak. I look at him, and fer the first time in my life, I'm home - Declan Ramsay (Illuminate the Shadows- Shatterproof Bond #1)
Debasish Mridha|To teach, ignite the fire of desire to learn.
Angie karan|The greatest inspiration you can find in this world is "YOU" when you help someone, encourage them, praise them, smile at them or just be kind to them that is a huge Inspiration to you and them!!
Laura Wiess, Such a Pretty Girl|Did I imagine the castle, the dungeon, the ritual orgies and violations? Did Lucy, Billy, Samuel, Eliza, Shirley and Kato make it all up? I went back to the industrial estate and found the castle. It was an old factory that had burned to the ground, but the charred ruins of the basement remained. I closed my eyes and could see the black candles, the dancing shadows, the inverted pentagram, the people chanting through hooded robes. I could see myself among other children being abused in ways that defy imagination. I have no doubt now that the cult of devil worshippers was nothing more than a ring of paedophiles, the satanic paraphernalia a cover for their true lusts: the innocent bodies of young children.
Alain de Botton, Status Anxiety|Blessed with riches and possibilities far beyond anything imagined by ancestors who tilled the unpredictable soil of medieval Europe, modern populations have nonetheless shown a remarkable capacity to feel that neither who they are nor what they have is quite enough.
Aaron Neville|The irony is that the more specific you are in the portrayal of character, the more like other people you are. In the same way, the more you think about how alone you are in this life, you realise how much a brother and sister everyone else is.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|Every being experiences themselves as the center of their experience. Consciousness is what lies at our very core, and connects us all to each other. We may appear to be separate and individual because of the various forms our Consciousness inhabits, but below the surface the substance of our being is one and the same.
W. Somerset Maugham|I detest life-insurance agents: they always argue that I shall some day die, which is not so.
H. P. Lovecraft|I think artists can influence only through making music that challenges people, excites them and flips them out. Music that repeats what you know in ever-decreasing derivation, that's unchallenging and unstimulating, deadens our minds, our imagination and our ability to see beyond the hell we find ourselves in.
Jennifer duBois, A Partial History of Lost Causes|Humans are like Variables in mathematics, some Dependent, some Independent. Variables are in relationship but remain Variable. Of course, there are some Constants too both in mathematics and humans. Constants help define precisely the relationship between variables. Maybe, that is why humans keep adding (to problems), subtracting (from happiness), multiplying (what else, we are all over earth) and dividing (the earth among themselves).
Harrish Sairaman|My secret is that I choose to be the person that I want to be. That I don't believe in destiny or predetermination, but in choice, and that each of us chooses to be the person we are. Whatever you want to be you can be, whatever you want to do you can do, wherever you want to go you can go. The world, and the life ahead, is ours for the taking. The future is unwritten, and you can make it whatever you want it to be
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|It is easy to surround yourself with people who think in the same ways, believe the same ideas, and live life in similar patterns. Many communities are made up of the same kind of people to the extent that we intentionally have to seek people whose stories are completely different from ours.
Jonathan Odell, The Healing|I have survived, but I have not been spared.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Don't worry. Life goes on. With or without you. So, live it, while it's given you.
lauren klarfeld|Some may decide to build homes somewhere new, and others have homes that await them. Like a break in a relationship, we simply needed some time apart to be better for the future.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|Never crave to be known for someone you are not. Be who you are in the day and when the lights are off, remain true!
Allan Lokos, Patience: The Art of Peaceful Living|Peace can be found within, no matter the external circumstances.
Jackson Galaxy, Cat Daddy: What the World's Most Incorrigible Cat Taught Me About Life, Love, and Coming Clean|Digital age of business and world shall move up from apathy, to sympathy, to empathy.
Chaim Potok, My Name Is Asher Lev|Did I know that the reason Hitler had been able to slaughter six million Jews without too much complaint from the world was that for two thousand years the world had been taught that Jews, not Romans, had killed that man?
|I walk, speak, and smile with great confidence. However, it's not because I am the greatest person on earth, but because I have learned to appreciate the small and big blessings in my life.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Dare to keep moving when it is a must and there to keep waiting when you have to, but note, you shall always keep waiting if you keep waiting and you shall always keep moving when you keep moving!
Mahatma Gandhi|You must not lose faith in humanity. Humanity is like an ocean; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty.
Chris Hemsworth|I don't listen to the radio in the car, and I do that because I don't want to be influenced.
Nenia Campbell, Wishing Stars: Space Opera Fairytales|I was a fool, alone, preparing to do what every fool did at such times—I was going to a bar to drink myself smart.
Sherwood Smith|The only noise now was the rain, pattering softly with the magnificent indifference of nature for the tangled passions of humans.
Beth Willis Miller, Under His Wings...healing truth for adoptees of all ages|Moses needed to learn that God was Jehovah-tsidkenu—the One who is righteous and the source of true acceptance. The staff was symbolic of Moses’ life. God was asking him to let go of it—to give complete control to him. When Moses picked it up, it was no longer his life but the very life of God…Just like Moses, until we yield control of our lives to Jesus Christ, it is impossible to see ourselves through God’s eyes. Try as we may, we will never see our worth through accomplishments or the opinions of others. (from Under His Wings: Healing Truth for Adoptees of All Ages)
Dee Dee Artner|Happiness is the satisfaction you feel. There's delight, joy, excitement and pleasant surprise.
Maimonides|Respect for another man's opinion is worthy. It is the realization that any opinion is valuable, for it is the sign of a rational being.
R.K. Lilley, In Flight|Rolling flat onto his back, Drake shuddered. Then he inhaled deeply. He stared up at the night sky. "We're going to win," he said, his voice calmer, less strained. "This is nothing. Keep going. They can't stop us. Jason, give Rachel the necklace. Tell her . . . tell her I'm sorry. Tell her . . . I wanted . . . to show her . . . my little valley. Tell her I tried."His voice was growing weak. Farfalee smoothed a hand over his brow. "Shhh," she whispered. "Be still, Drake. You can rest now. You did it. Rest. We'll take it from here.""Failie," he whispered, his hand twitching toward the back of his neck with little jerks. "Where's my seed?" His head tipped sideways. The breath went out of him.
C. JoyBell C.|And I told him, I said: "One day you're going to miss the subway because it's not going to come. One of these days, it's going to break down and it's not going to come around and everyone else will just wait for the next one or will take the bus, or walk, or run to the next station: they will go on with their lives. And you're not going to be able to go on with your life! You'll be standing there, in the subway station, staring at the tube. Why? Because you think that everything has to happen perfectly and on time and when you think it's going to happen! Well guess what! That's not how things happen! And you'll be the only one who's not going to be able to go on with life, just because your subway broke down. So you know what, you've got to let go, you've got to know that things don't happen the way you think they're going to happen, but that's okay, because there's always the bus, there's always the next station...you can always take a cab.
O. R. Melling|If you travel first class, you think first class and you are more likely to play first class.
Nicholas Carr, The Glass Cage: Automation and Us|America isn't breaking apart at the seams. The American dream isn't dying. Our new racial and ethnic complexion hasn't triggered massive outbreaks of intolerance. Our generations aren't at each other's throats. They're living more interdependently than at any time in recent memory, because that turns out to be a good coping strategy in hard times. Our nation faces huge challenges, no doubt. So do the rest of the world's aging economic powers. If you had to pick a nation with the right stuff to ride out the coming demographic storm, you'd be crazy not to choose America, warts and all.
M*A*S*H Episode Guide Team, M*A*S*H EPISODE GUIDE: Details All 251 Episodes with Plot Summaries. Searchable. Companion to DVDs Blu Ray and Box Set.|Colonel Henry Blake, a surgeon: "I can paint a barn with someone else's blood. I just can't stand to see my own.
A.E. Samaan|The spoken word is ephemeral. The written word, eternal. A symphony, timeless.
Debasish Mridha|To find beauty all around you, fill yourself with self-love.
Frederick Buechner, The Magnificent Defeat|There is always the poet, the lunatic, the lover; there is always the religious man who is a queer mixture of the three.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Daybreak: Thoughts on the Prejudices of Morality|Do not make passion an argument for truth! - O you good-natured and even noble enthusiasts, I know you! You want to win your argument against us, but also against yourself, and above all against yourself!and a subtle and tender bad conscience so often incites you against your enthusiasm! How ingenious you then become in the outwitting and deadening of this conscience! How you hate the honest, the simple, the pure, how you avoid their innocent eyes! That knowing better whose representatives they are and whose voice you hear all too loudly within you, how it casts doubt on your belief- how you seek to make it suspect as a bad habit, as a sickness of the age, as neglect and infection of your own spiritual health! You drive yourself to the point of hating criticism, science, reason! You have to falsify history so that it may bear witness for you, you have to deny virtues so that they shall not cast into the shade those of your idols and ideals! Coloured pictures where what is needed is rational grounds! Ardour and power of expression! Silvery mists! Ambrosial nights! You understand how to illuminate and how to obscure, and how to obscure with light! And truly, when your passion rises to the point of frenzy, there comes a moment when you say to yourself: now I have conquered the good conscience, now I am light of heart, courageous, self-denying, magnificent, now I am honest! How you thirst for those moments when your passion bestows on you perfect self-justification and as it were innocence; when in struggle, intoxication, courage, hope, you are beside yourself and beyond all doubting; when you decree: 'he who is not beside himself as we are can in no way know what and where truth is!' How you thirst to discover people of your belief in this condition - it is that of intellectual vice - and ignite your flame at their torch! Oh your deplorable martyrdom! Oh your deplorable victory of the sanctified lie! Must you inflict so much suffering upon yourself? - Must you?
Holly A. Smith, Fire of the Five Hearts: A Memoir of Treating Incest|Curious that a man as selfish as he should be offering himself to the service of dead dogs. There must be other, more productive ways of giving oneself to the world, or to an idea of the world... But there are other people to do these things - the animal welfare thing, the social rehabilitation thing, even the Byron thing. He saves the honour of corpses because there is no one else stupid enough to do it.
Gwenda Bond, Triple Threat|I didn't mind walking into danger on my own. Not the concept of it, anyway.
Fulton J. Sheen, Peace of Soul: Timeless Wisdom on Finding Serenity and Joy by the Century's Most Acclaimed Catholic Bishop|I thought Mr. Millward never would cease telling us that he was no tea-drinker, and that it was highly injurious to keep loading the stomach with slops to the exclusion of more wholesome sustenance, and so give himself time to finish his fourth cup.
Angie karan|. . . and altho I trust I shall be at all times ready to obey any call my country may make upon me, God only knows the sacrifice it will be to make, whenever I shall think it my duty to become a married man. It is now seven-and-twenty years that Madame St. Laurent and I have lived together: we are of the same age, and have been in all climates, and in all difficulties together; and you may well imagine, Mr. Creevey, the pang it will occasion me to part with her . . . As for Madame St. Laurent herself, I protest I don’t know what is to become of her if a marriage is to be forced upon me; her feelings are already so agitated upon the subject.
Richelle E. Goodrich|If you couldn't sense heat, you'd not be alive. And if that heat never grew uncomfortable, you would never move. And if you were stagnant—unchallenged by unpredictable flares—you would never grow capable of shielding yourself from harsher flames. So yes, life was meant to drag you straight through the fire.
Jarett Sabirsh, Love All-Knowing: An Epic Spiritual Poem|one morning in my early twenties when feeling quite suicidalI got into my locked car and someone had done a reversalthe Hawaiian necklace that hung on the rearview mirrorhad been turned around backwards in an event so queerin that moment I knew I was not alone in my strugglesand that all would be okay if I simply forgot my troubleslet it be known that you’ve got watchful guardian angelsI’ll tell you of yet another way that they make me so gratefultheir presence and assistance is often noticed as such:a shot of high frequency energy is felt as they touchreceiving a ringing in an ear while my mind goes meditativespiritually put back on track with a reminder of my objectivebecause of the prayers I practice this is how I’m aidedyour experiences may vary out of not caring to be persuadedhow often do you call out for help from on high?it’s their pleasure to assist if you’d just ask them to come byI can tell you straight away, they know your thoughtsand exactly how you’re feeling when you’re distraughtseeing you scanning this sentence as they’re in your presencedo you feel their love or have you taken a rigid stance?
R.B. O'Brien|Yesterday morning, I awoke to a brilliant rainbow. At first, I marveled at the sky’s pink hues, and I thought how soothing it was. I haven’t had that feeling in a long time, that feeling of being at peace with myself or my life. I got out of bed to stand to pull the obligatory curtain further, the color peeking through the leaves of the oaks outside my window. Where I had been seeing grey for quite some time shone now pink. The color is hard to describe accurately. It was pink; but it bordered on a light red. It told me to come look at it.
Sara Walter Ellwood, Gambling on a Secret|She grabbed her clutch bag and circled her arms around his neck. "Caulder McCutchen, I'm really not sure what you are."He lifted his head and looked down at her, squinted. "I'm a man. Enough said?"Velia smiled and looped her arm through his. "Yes, sir. Shall we go?
Christopher Moore, Fool|FLETCHER: The truth is I don’t think people understand what it is I did at Shaffer. I wasn’t there to conduct. Any idiot can move his hands and keep people in tempo. No, it’s about pushing people beyond what’s expected of them. And I believe that is a necessity. Because without it you’re depriving the world of its next Armstrong. Its next Parker. Why did Charlie Parker become Charlie Parker, Andrew? ANDREW: Because Jo Jones threw a cymbal at him.FLETCHER: Exactly. Young kid, pretty good on the sax, goes up to play his solo in a cutting session, fucks up -- and Jones comes this close to slicing his head off for it. He’s laughed off-stage. Cries himself to sleep that night. But the next morning, what does he do? He practices. And practices and practices. With one goal in mind: that he never ever be laughed off-stage again. A year later he goes back to the Reno, and he plays the best motherfucking solo the world had ever heard. Now imagine if Jones had just patted young Charlie on the head and said “Good job.” Charlie would’ve said to himself, “Well, shit, I did do a good job,” and that’d be that. No Bird. Tragedy, right? Except that’s just what people today want. The Shaffer Conservatories of the world, they want sugar. You don’t even say “cutting session” anymore, do you? No, you say “jam session”. What the fuck kind of word is that? Jam session? It’s a cutting session, Andrew, this isn’t fucking Smucker’s. It’s about weeding out the best from the worst so that the worst become better than the best. I mean look around you. $25 drinks, mood lighting, a little shrimp cocktail to go with your Coltrane. And people wonder why jazz is dying. Take it from me, and every Starbucks jazz album only proves my point. There are no two words more harmful in the entire English language than “good job”.
Madeleine L'Engle|One thing I have discovered since I've been ill, though, is that nobody ever knows anybody, and maybe least of all the people who are closest to them. Sort of a business of not being able to see the trees for the woods. We all live in isolated prisons of our own bodies and there's no real contact with any other human being. That's what sex is, in a way, isn't it, a desperate striving for contact? With which cheerful Thought for Today, I will bid you good afternoon.
Nina Bernstein|Reading is a solitary pursuit, even a lone passage to a separate world. Yet to read in public, amid strangers, gives it another dimension. Sometimes the city speaks to the page, or the page seems to open up to people passing by. An outdoor reader shares the pulse of a timeless urban conversation between the world and the written word.
Soke Behzad Ahmadi, Shorinjiryu Ryujin Kenpo|Kurt Marnul can win Mr. Austria," I thought, "and he's already told me that I could too if I train hard, so that's what I'm going to do." This thought made the hours of lifting tons of steel and iron actually a joy. Every painful set, every extra rep, was a step toward my goal of winning Mr. Austria and entering the Mr. Europe competition.
George Washington|Peace and rest at length have come  All the day's long toil is past  And each heart is whispering "Home  Home at last!"
Ginny Toole|Walking and looking at the stars with you, wondering what our futures holds. treasures kept safe in our hearts to cherish forever. I miss those days
Paul Murray, Skippy Dies|Life makes fools of all of us sooner or later. But keep your sense of humor and you'll at least be able to take your humiliations with some measure of grace. In the end, you know, its our own expectations that crush us.
Debasish Mridha|I have no magic wand to control what other people think or do. I can control how I respond, and this is all that matters.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Instead of playing to win, I was playing not to lose. It reminds me of the story I once heard about two friends being chased by a bear, when one turned to the other and said, "I just realized that I don't need to outrun the bear; I only need to outrun you.
Mehmet Murat ildan|This isn’t about convincing you whether or not there is a God. I believe God and the Universe exists. If you don’t believe there is a greater force, then surely you believe that something inside of us and is in the driver’s seat. In other words, something is driving us towards figuring out how to master happiness, peace, love, and understanding psychopaths, murderers and Taylor Swift fans.
Aaron Siskind|Among the things she said: "Women seem to possess all the natural gifts essential to a good portraitist ... such as personality, patience and intuition. The sitter ought to be the predominating factor in a successful portrait. Men portraitist are apt to forget this; they are inclined to lose the sitter in a maze of technique luxuriating in the cleverness and beauty of their own medium.
Thisuri Wanniarachchi, COLOMBO STREETS|Most parents try really hard to give their kids the best possible life. They give them the best food and clothes they can afford, take their own kind of take on training kids to be honest and polite. But what they don't realize is no matter how much they try, their kids will get out there. Out to this complicated little world. If they are lucky they will survive, through backstabbers, broken hearts, failures and all the kinds of invisible insane pressures out there. But most kids get lost in them. They will get caught up in all kinds of bubbles. Trouble bubbles. Bubbles that continuously tell them that they are not good enough. Bubbles that get them carried away with what they think is love, give them broken hearts. Bubbles that will blur the rest of the world to them, make them feel like that is it, that they've reached the end. Sometimes, even the really smart kids, make stupid decisions. They lose control. Parents need to realize that the world is getting complicated every second of every day. With new problems, new diseases, new habits. They have to realize the vast probability of their kids being victims of this age, this complicated era. Your kids could be exposed to problems that no kind of therapy can help. Your kids could be brainwashed by themselves to believe in insane theories that drive them crazy. Most kids will go through this stage. The lucky ones will understand. They will grow out of them. The unlucky ones will live in these problems. Grow in them and never move forward. They will cut themselves, overdose on drugs, take up excessive drinking and smoking, for the slightest problems in their lives. You can't blame these kids for not being thankful or satisfied with what they have. Their mentality eludes them from the reality.
Jed Rubenfeld.|There is no mystery to happiness. Unhappy men are all alike. Some wound they suffered long ago, some wish denied, some blow to pride, some kindling spark of love put out by scorn - or worse, indifference - cleaves to them, or they to it, and so they live each day within a shroud of yesterdays.The happy man does not look back. he doesn’t look ahead. he lives in the present. but there’s the rub. The present can never deliver one thing: meaning. The ways of happiness and meaning are not the same. to find happiness, a man need only live in the moment; he need only live for the moment.But if he wants meaning - the meaning of his dreams, his secrets, his life - a man must reinhabit his past, however uncertain. Thus nature dangles happiness and meaning before us all, insisting only that we choose between them. What have you chosen: happiness or meaning?'The interpretation of murder
David L. Wolfe, Epistemology: The Justification Of Belief|Alex understood such discipline. He knew the rarity of it, and the cost. And on the rare occasions when he happened to touch her, he did wonder what else she might have been, if she had not been so determined to be typical.
Common|Happiness, I do not know where to turn to discover you on earth, in the air or the sky; yet I know you exist and are no futile dream.
Russell Brand|People don't realize that the future is just now, but later.
Anne Rice, The Wolf Gift|But Marchent, most journalists can’t be trusted. You do know that, don’t you?
Ursula K. Le Guin|If women had power, what would men be but women who can't bear children? And what would women be but men who can?...I mean, men give her [a queen] power. They let her use their power. But it isn't hers, is it? It isn't because she's a woman that she's powerful, but despite it.
Lev Grossman, The Magician King|Yes, there is a Nirvanah; it is leading your sheep to a green pasture, and in putting your child to sleep, and in writing the last line of your poem
José Saramago, The Double|..there are times when it is best to be content with what one has, so as not to lose everything.
Amanda Laneley, What I Love About Dublin|they always mentioned his name. For her, it was as if they were constantly squeezing lemon juice on an open wound.
Julie Kenner, Tainted|Can I just say that dying sucks? All that bullshit about seeing the light and having this inner peace, blah, blah, blah. It's crap.
Anne Bradstreet|Habit, if not resisted, soon becomes necessity.
Douglas Self|The breath I take, the thoughts I think, the emotions I develop, the blood I circulate, the neurons that are wired, everything is completely controlled and has a deep meaning behind it. My soul is enlightened.
Morgana Blackrose, Phoenyx: Flesh and Fire Erotic Memoirs of a Striptease Artist|Clothing and features fade with time. I am happy with who I am today, and I am happy with who I will be tomorrow.
Neil Gaiman|So that's my wish for you, and all of us, and my wish for myself. Make New Mistakes. Make glorious, amazing mistakes. Make mistakes nobody's ever made before. Don't freeze, don't stop, don't worry that it isn't good enough, or it isn't perfect, whatever it is: art, or love, or work or family or life.
Herbert A. Simon|You look at science fiction and look how often it talks about being alien, being alienated about the other. Look at the number of blue people - 'Avatar,' I'm looking at you. And it is now easier to find people of color in science-fiction literature and media, but the issues of representation are still really, really troubling.
Adrián Lamo|I am not you and all my choices have already been made, good and bad.
Shanice Williams|If you ask me, there's nothing more incredible than a woman who's in charge of her own destiny - and working daily to make her dreams a reality.
Isabelle Hardesty, Legends of the Dragon Vol. 1|She looked at him and felt a dagger pierce her heart, then she felt a warm chocolate feeling swallow her senses.
Olivia Sudjic, Sympathy|They asked you the name of the god you worshipped and you replied, "Myself.
Benjamin Netanyahu|I work a lot of hours, and in this business you really try to keep as busy as you possibly can. Sometimes when you really focus on kids in your free time you lose the husband and wife relationship to some degree. It's been a real focus for us to make sure we stay focused on us two.
Hilary Mantel, An Experiment in Love|When men decided women could be educated - this is what I think - they educated them on the male plan; they put them into schools with mottoes and school songs and muddy team games, they made them were collars and ties. It was a way to concede the right to learning, yet remain safe; the products of the system would always be inferior to the original model. Women were forced to imitate men, and bound not to succeed at it.
Kirsty Moseley, The Boy Who Sneaks in My Bedroom Window|She was feeling so much all at once and yet she wanted so much more. She wanted Jack—naked—now. “I’m going to leave you, Rose.” She heard the words, but it took a moment for the meaning to register. Leaving? Was He leaving?
Adrienne Rich, On Lies, Secrets, and Silence: Selected Prose, 1966-1978|Re-vision--the act of looking back, of seeing with fresh eyes, of entering an old text from a new critical direction--is for women more than a chapter in cultural history: it is an act of survival. Until we can understand the assumptions in which we are drenched we cannot know ourselves. And this drive to self-knowledge, for women, is more than a search for identity: it is part of our refusal of the self-destructiveness of male-dominated society. A radical critique of literature, feminist in its impulse, would take the work first of all as a clue to how we live, how we have been living, how we have been led to imagine ourselves, how our language has trapped as well as liberated us, how the very act of naming has been till now a male prerogative, and how we can begin to see and name--and therefore live--afresh. A change in the concept of sexual identity is essential if we are not going to see the old political order reassert itself in every new revolution. We need to know the writing of the past, and know it differently than we have ever known it; not to pass on a tradition but to break its hold over us.
Kathy Hepinstall, Blue Asylum|Ignore the reek of feces in the air, the bloodstains on the ground, and you have yourself a glorious night.
Robert Jackson Bennett, American Elsewhere|Here at the edges, in the cracks and at the crossroads, stepping from shadow to shadow in the river of darkness that runs through the heart of Wink, he feels much more at home.
Patty Jenkins|If I write a book where all I've ever experienced is success, people won't take a positive lesson from it. In being candid, I have to own up to my own failures, both in my marriage and in my work environment.
Idries Shah, Thinkers of the East|Sufism is therefore not 'Do as I say and not as I do', or even 'Do as I do', but 'Experience and you will know'.
Louise Slaughter|Once you understand this way, you will be able to make your room alive; you will be able to design a house together with your family; a garden for your children; places where you can work; beautiful terraces where you can sit and dream.
Mitch Albom, The Time Keeper|When you are measuring life, you are not living it.
Ana Franco, Down the Wormhole|Oh. Now you are not so afraid, then?"Kitty opened her mouth, indignant. "I was not afraid before! I was... shocked. How many times do you see your orphanage roommate be able to turn someone into stone?""Every time I look in the mirror.
Kristina Halvorson, Content Strategy for the Web|The War Department in Washington briefly weighed more ambitious schemes to relieve the Americans on a large scale before it was too late. But by Christmas of 1941, Washington had already come to regard Bataan as a lost cause. President Roosevelt had decided to concentrate American resources primarily in the European theater rather than attempt to fight an all-out war on two distant fronts. At odds with the emerging master strategy for winning the war, the remote outpost of Bataan lay doomed. By late December, President Roosevelt and War Secretary Henry Stimson had confided to Winston Churchill that they had regrettably written off the Philippines. In a particularly chilly phrase that was later to become famous, Stimson had remarked, 'There are times when men have to die.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close|It made me start to wonder if there were other people so lonely so close. I thought about “Eleanor Rigby.” It’s true, where do they all come from? And where do they all belong?
Margaret Atwood|There can be many reasons to travel, but wandering into the world for no particular reason is a sublime madness, which in all its whimsy and pointlessness may depict the story of life - and indeed could be a useful model to keep in mind, seeing as so much of life's ambition comes unstuck or leads to nothing much at all.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|A wise woman protects her kids. A wiser woman hangs out with police officers, retired FBI agents and private investigators.
Tahar Ben Jelloun|Frivolous lawsuits are booming in this county. The U.S. has more costs of litigation per person than any other industrialized nation in the world, and it is crippling our economy.
Robert Louis Stevenson|Horst passed him a bottle he had picked up in his rapid trip from there to here. Remarkably, it's contents had survived the transit. "Drink this," he said, unmoved by Cabal's anger. "You need to save your voice for your next session." Cabal took the bottle testily and swigged from it. there was a moments pause, just long enough for Cabal's expression to change from testy to horrified revulsion. He spat the liquid violently onto the grass like a man who has got absent-minded with the concentrated nitric acid and a mouth pipette. He glared at Horst as he took off his spectacles and wiped his suddenly weeping eyes "Disinfectant? You give me disinfectant to drink?"  Horst's surprise was replaced with mild amusement. "It's root beer, Johannes. Have you never had root beer?" Cabal looked suspiciously at him, then at the bottle "People drink this?" "Yes." "For non-medical reasons?" "That's right." Cabal shook his head in open disbelief. "They must be insane.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|Pretension, dear love, does not buy truth into lies, nor alter its course.
Heather O'Neill, Lullabies for Little Criminals|I sobbed harder into Mom’s chest. I chose not to waste time explaining that it was okay—even fun—to play with Bran while we were in first and second grade. Now, the idea of hanging out with a short kid who always smelled like onions and went to school with cookie dough under his fingernails made me want to run and hide.
Victoria Aveyard, Red Queen|I'm a Red girl in a sea of Silvers and I can't afford to feel sorry for anyone, least of all the son of a snake.
Glenda Millard, A Small Free Kiss in the Dark|I didn't understand right away what she meant. But her words soaked through my skull like warm oil, behind my eyes, down my spine and into the empty space inside me.
Kofi Annan|More than ever before in human history, we share a common destiny. We can master it only if we face it together. And that is why we have the United Nations.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|My hope is that tomorrow will be fine, but, if tomorrow doesn't go well, I shall still hope to be fine tomorrow!
Stephen R. Covey|People can't live with change if there's not a changeless core inside them. The key to the ability to change is a changeless sense of who you are, what you are about and what you value.
Miriam Makeba|It's a great thriller or mystery, but on another level it's a film about the fact that, if you only look at a person through one lens, or only believe what you're told, you can often miss the truth that is staring you in the face.
Vladimir Putin|The American flag is the symbol of our freedom, national pride and history.
George Foster, Amazing Peace-PI|How do we handle feelings? What significance should we attach to them? If we want to keep our feelings from deceiving and defeating us, we must make some tough choices in our lives. We must trust God to keep our feelings under His control. We must make a choice to rejoice, and we must do it constantly. Feelings go where our thoughts and choices take them. So we can have confidence that God will use our choice and release to us the feelings that we need.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|Now the common human perception about the purpose of academic institutions, is that, they are meant to put a stamp of approval on the students, so that later on the students can show off their stamp in order to make a living. The parents invest money to get the stamp, and the child uses that stamp to make more money. Where is the element of education in this whole process!
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Your skull encloses your brains. But never forget that anytime you open your mouth to talk, you have opened your mind for the entire world to see what is hidden in there!
Oscar Wilde|Man is least himself when he talks in his own person. Give him a mask, and he will tell you the truth.
Kaley Cuoco|I think we all have different moods - a nerd one day and cool the next. I think everyone has an inner geek, and I know I definitely do.
Fleur Gaskin, Arabelle's Shadows|When I’d confronted him, he’d left me and, like a parasite finding a fresh host, moved in with her.
Debasish Mridha|Dreams are reality for the subconscious mind, but wisdom is the perception of knowledge. Wisdom is the internalization of knowledge.
Kate Griffin, A Madness of Angels|Where there is life, there will be magic; the one generates the other.
Seanan McGuire, Every Heart a Doorway|Why does Eleanor let you have that much acid?" he asked. "Why would you want that much acid? You don't need that much acid.""Except that it appears I do, since I have just enough to dissolve a human body, and we have a human body in need of dissolving," said Jack. "Everything happens for a reason. And Eleanor didn't 'let' me have this much acid. I sort of collected it on my own. For a rainy day.""What were you expecting it to rain?" said Christopher. "Bears?
Richard A. Young, Is God a Vegetarian?: Christianity, Vegetarianism, and Animal Rights|Humans do have authority over creation—but it is a delegated authority to care for animals as God would and not to destroy them. All life still belongs to the Creator of life, as it did the in the beginning.
Pratibha Patil|While the wider global environment is worrying, we are seeing some positive results in our economic affairs.
Beyonce Knowles|If you travel in time and space, most of the people you know and love will eventually be gone. But you'll also be able to go and find them again.
Helen Hodgman, Jack and Jill|50,000-63,000 individuals in the United States and 19,000-25,000 in the UK die prematurely from cancer annually due to insufficient vitamin D.
Charles M. Schulz, Charles M. Schulz: Conversations|I do not like a high-organized church. I think that as soon as the congregation reaches a level of one hundred or so people, it is time to build a new church. As soon as the congregation gets to the point where you are not on fairly intimate terms with every other person in that church, then you have become a theater where people can attend services. I do not think you can attend a church service. Service is not something which is there to be viewed as if it were a play or a movie.
Bill Watterson|You know, sometimes kids get bad grades in school because the class moves too slow for them. Einstein got D's in school. Well guess what, I get F's!!!
R. Lee Ermey|The very idea of true patriotism is lost, and the term has been prostituted to the very worst of purposes. A patriot, sir! Why, patriots spring up like mushrooms!
John Mark Green|An artist must paint not simply surface light, but what is inside, what he sees within his subject
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|There is need to focus on selling an emotional experience instead of a mere product or service - the impression you make on others must be lasting and permanent. These experiences have to be positive and worth remembering. This will increase the chances of repeat business and referrals, guaranteeing customer loyalty. And that is what sustains businesses, brands and careers for generations! The principle remains the same for comedians, actors, footballers, musicians, sales executives or any other area of specialty.
Terry Pratchett, Men at Arms: The Play|We're dealing here," said Vimes, "With a twisted mind.""Oh, no! You think so?""Yes.""But... no... you can't be right. Because Nobby was with us all the time.""Not Nobby," said Vimes testily. "Whatever he might do to a dragon, I doubt if he'd make it explode. There's stranger people in this world than Corporal Nobbs, my lad."Carrot's expression slid into a rictus of intrigued horror."Gosh," he said.
Marya Hornbacher, Wasted: A Memoir of Anorexia and Bulimia|Did you wake him?""If I say yes, will you spank me?"Syn rolled his eyes. "You're horrible, Mari.
Yasmin Tirado-Chiodini, Antonio's Will|Here is where most preachers make their mistake. They are afraid that by preaching the gospel to clearly, it will be their fault if people ask them to send. They imagine that the gospel is food for the Carnel-minded. True enough, too many of the gospel does not become the smell of death and death but that is not the fault of the Gospel. That happens only because men do not except-do not believe-the Gospel. Faith is not merely thinking, "I believe." Your whole heart must be seized by the gospel and come to rest in it. When that happens, you were transformed cannot help but love and serve God.
Abraham Lincoln|Even putting aside the culturally indoctrinated terror that someone in America will assume that two men engage in sodomy behind barely closed doors, there simply isn't an elegant way of asking someone of your gender to hang out for the first time.
Jan C. Ting|The U.S. immigration system is the most generous in the world, providing each year more green cards for legal permanent residence with a clear path to full citizenship than all the rest of the nations of the world combined.
Rachel Hawkins, Hex Hall|Honey, no offense, but sometimes I think I could shoot you and watch you kick.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Dream Thieves|When Ronan thought of Gansey, he thought of moving into Monmouth Manufacturing, of nights spent in companionable insomnia, of a summer searching for a king, of Gansey asking the Gray Man for his life. Brothers.
Liberty Forrest, Soul Food: 101 Inspirational Messages to Nourish and Heal Your Spirit|As long as you feed your light and allow it to breathe, if you do not cover it, it will continue to flicker and dance, mesmerizing, warming, soothing, healing...bringing light to others.
Mignon McLaughlin|In the summer of 1954, after several years in Austin, Minnesota, our family moved across the state to the small, rural town of Worthington, where my dad became regional manager for a life insurance company. To me, at age 7, Worthington seemed a perfectly splendid spot on the earth.
Julian Barnes|Perhaps grief, which destroys all patterns, destroys even more: the belief that any patterns exist. But we cannot, I think, survive without such belief. So each of us must pretend to find, or re-erect, a pattern.
Anthony Powell, A Dance to the Music of Time: 3rd Movement|That was a good straightforward point of view, no pretence that games were anything but an outlet for power and aggression; no stuff about their being enjoyable as such. You played a game to demonstrate that you did it better than someone else. If it came to that, I thought how few people do anything for its own sake, from making love to practising the arts.
Atom Yang, Herc & Pyotr|Hey, Doc, we better back up. We don’t have enough road to get up to eighty-eight,” I quoted as I slid into the passenger seat.“‘Roads?’” he replied in an excellent impression of Christopher Lloyd’s eccentric scientist. “‘Where we’re going, we don’t need roads!’” The call-and-response rituals of geeks were a thing of beauty, and allowed said geeks to identify each other across time and space.
Deyth Banger|You have a choice in life.So, Choose the win! (It's all in your choice.)
Francine Scott, Coming First|Lance?” I hear him whisper in the darkness.“Yeah, babe, I'm here.”“Come to bed.”I undress and crawl under the covers with him. His arms go around me and hold me tight.“I love you, Rick.”“I know, baby. I'm sorry.”“Me too.
Joyce Rachelle|Every day the words that Keep-on-Dancin’ and the Gypsy imparted to me - theories, observations, advice and warnings - are substantiated and acquire deeper meaning.‘It’s not for nothing there are so many bistrots in Paris,’ Keep-on-Dancin’ asserted. ‘The reason so many people are always crowded into them isn’t so much they go there to drink but to meet up, congregate, come together, comfort each other. Yes, comfort each other: people are bored the whole time, and they’re scared, scared of loneliness and boredom. And they all carry around in their heart of hearts their own pet little arch-fear: fear of death, no matter how devil-may-care they might appear to be. They’d do anything to avoid thinking about it. Don’t forget, it’s with that fear all temples and churches were built. So in cities like this, where forty different races mingle together, everyone can always find something to say to each other.
Al Gore|The money can be a hindrance to someone like me because the danger is that you start thinking, 'Is that a $20 million take?' That kind of thing, and being self-critical.
Doha Asrir|I thought I can throw away all my memories but whenever I tell my mind to do it, memories stick it more...!!
Edgar Rice Burroughs, A Princess of Mars|It will all stop someday, but not for billions of years. Many billions. Even the stars run down, you know. Entropy must increase.
Carl Sagan, Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space|There is nothing particularly special about that location of the centre of mass. If you were to find yourself at the precise spot that is the centre of mass of the earth-moon system, the only thing unusual that you would notice is that there would be one thousand miles of rock on top of your head.Pluto is only about twice the size of Charon, so if you put Pluto and Charon on the cosmic seesaw you would find that the balance point is a little bit outside Pluto, rather than inside it. Again, there is nothing particularly special going on there. If you were to find yourself at that precise spot, you would only notice that you were very, very cold and could no longer breathe.
Philip G. Zimbardo|We want to believe in the essential, unchanging goodness of people, in their power to resist external pressures, in their rational appraisal and then rejection of situational temptations. We invest human nature with God-like qualities, with moral and rational faculties that make us both just and wise. We simplify the complexity of human experience by erecting a seemingly impermeable boundary between Good and Evil.
David Frum|My experience of life is that it's very fragmented; certain kinds of things happen, and in another place, a different kind of thing occurs. I would like my work to have some vivid indication of those differences.
Gaby Rodriguez|There will always exist inequalities which will appear unjust to those who suffer from them, disappointments which will appear unmerited, and strokes of misfortune which those hit have not deserved. But when these things occur in a society which is consciously directed, the way in which people will react will be very different from what it is when they are nobody's conscious choice.
J.D. Robb, Vengeance in Death|He scraped through the dark sand to the center house, two stories, both pouring bands of light into the fog. There was warmth and gaiety within, through the downstairs window he could see young people gathered around a piano, their singing mocking the forces abroad on this cruel night. She was there, proptected by happiness and song and the good. He was separated from her only by a sand yard and a dark fence, by a lighted window and by her protectors. He stood there until he was trembling with pity and rage. Then he fled, but his flight was slow as the flight in a dream, impeded by the deep sand and the blurring hands of the fog. He fled from the goodness of that home, and his hatred for Laurel throttled his brain. If she had come back to him, he would not be shut out, an outcast in a strange, cold world. 
Poppet, Sveta|His touch is incredible, it holds my insides, my heart, my mind, shimmering hot heat into cold places, thawing my spirit... and it rejoices. I'm immediately obsessed, consumed with need to stay in this balmy light, soaking in his touch, relishing the euphoria it brings to my discarded spirituality.
Chris Lange, Enchained|Then his beautiful lips touched hers. A fluttering of wings, a cry of angels, a single beat of two hearts.
Md. Ziaul Haque|Early to bed and early to rise may make a person 'healthy' but it may not make him ‘wealthy’ and ‘wise’! If anyone really wants to be wealthy and wise, he must read books and work intelligently!
Stephen King, Doctor Sleep|Because that was then and this is now. Because the past is gone, even though it defines the present.
Diana Wynne Jones, Howl's Moving Castle|I only want to catch you,” Michael explained. “I won’t hurt you.” “No! No!” the star crackled desperately. “That’s wrong! I’m supposed to die!” “But I could save you if you’d let me catch you,” Michael told it gently.“No!” cried the star. “I’d rather die!
Debasish Mridha|Walk through the past and learn the way. I am walking through the present, taking action every day. I am preparing for the future in a great way.
Doug   Cooper, Outside In|You earn brotherhood—the purest friendship, trust, love, whatever you want to call it—moment by moment through how you treat others.
Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad|Soiled, forgotten coats of arms were carved above their massive doorways, and these unsettled Ted: such universal, defining symbols made meaningless by nothing more than time.
Tosha Michelle, Confessions of a Reformed Southern Belle.: A Poet's Collection of Love, Loss, and Renewal|EdgesI am a child throwing rocks into the stream.Challenging the rushing water.Raising my fist and daring fate to do it worst.I am a dancer in the waves of the ocean.Swaying in time with the tide.Pirouetting, the current my only friend.I am the sun, rising across the canyonAscending, and shinning down.Giving the illusion of perception and motion.I am thoughts like a rolling river.Water cascading over the rocks of my soul.Shaping, forming, conforming.I am the peace of the rain forest.Basking in solitudeTranquil, serene, transfixing angles.Reflecting from within.Dripping and dropping. Shaking it off.I am the dust of the galaxy.Yearning to know itself.I am the wind.Wandering. Searching.A storm brewing from within.
Dee Henderson, Undetected|Please understand something. God didn’t create evil in the world, but He did create free will, which allowed for the possibility of evil. Science isn’t like that. What you explore and find, God did create. It already exists. When you find it, you are discovering something God made. And everything God created is good. God said so in Genesis. He looked around at everything He had made and said, ‘It is very good.’”“How men use science can be evil, I’m with you a hundred percent on that,” Bishop added. “People can misuse items God created. But that has everything to do with man’s free will and tendency to evil, not science. What God created is good. So do what you were created to do. Break new scientific ground. Help us understand the dynamics of what God created.“You can’t protect the world from itself, Gina. You can only give good men the tools necessary to do their jobs. We need to know what is possible.
Jay Kristoff, Stormdancer|And so the children of the revolution were faced with the age-old problem: it wasn't that you had the wrong kind of government, which was obvious, but that you had the wrong kind of people. As soon as you saw people as things to be measured, they didn't measure up.
Amanda M. Lyons, Wendy Won't Go|A woman that you find different or strange, or whom you may envy or covet is deemed by you all to be a witch! Anything that you do not understand, you deem witchcraft!
Toba Beta|Smartass Disciple: Master, I want to eradicate all corruptions in this world.Master of Stupidity: Let it be a bit! Otherwise you'll make us jobless for good.
Nicolas Cage|I know there's been a lot that's been said about animated voice work, as though it's 'you can do this in your jeans and there's no camera and no pressure there. It's no big deal. It's easy.' The truth is, it's really a great test: how deep is your ability is to access your imagination?
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|The highest law in nature is love yourself, and seek your own interests before anything else
R.L. Mathewson, Perfection|With a regrettable sigh he shook his head."I'm sorry, but this isn't going to work out.""What the hell are you doing, Trevor?" Hankdemanded anxiously. No doubt the manwouldn't be getting laid tonight, but Trevorcouldn't help it. He had his standards andthis woman failed them."Maybe we could go grab a cup of coffeesomewhere and get to know-"He held up his hand, stopping her before shemade an even bigger fool out of herself."Please stop.""But, I was only-""Don't beg.""I wasn't. I was just-""Begging?" Trevor guessed, sighing. "I know,but you're going to have to accept that thiswould never work out."She frowned up at him. "I wasn't begging. Iwas just going to suggest that we should-""Look," he said, reaching for the door, "thiss just getting sad. I'm just going to go beforethings get out of hand.
Jaye Frances, The Cruise - All That Glitters|The robots came bearing a gift and the name of it was "Plenty."Plenty is a habit-forming drug. You do not cut the dosage down. You kick it if you can; you stop the dose entirely. But the convulsions that follow may wreck the body entirely.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|Are you worthy of realizing your dream? If you said yes, there is no short cut. You're going to encounter setback after setback until you realize your dream.
Kristin Hannah, Home Front|That thing the nature of which is totally unknown to you is usually what you need to find, and finding it is a matter of getting lost. The word ‘lost’ comes from the old Norse ‘los’ meaning the disbanding of an army…I worry now that people never disband their armies, never go beyond what they know.Advertising, alarmist news, technology, incessant busyness, and the design of public and private life conspire to make it so. A recent article about the return of wildlife to suburbia described snow-covered yards in which the footprints of animals are abundant and those of children are entirely absent. Children seldom roam, even in the safest places… I wonder what will come of placing this generation under house arrest.
Mercy Celeste, The 51st Thursday|Want to go upstairs and play ball?""Now, you're talking. Naked basketball. Always my favorite.""Loser gets fucked first.""Jesus, Thursday, every time you set that rule you cheat.""What do you mean, I cheat? I usually lose.""That's exactly what I mean.
Rick Riordan, The Sea of Monsters|Right before the game, she strolled up to me. "Hey, Seaweed Brain.""Will you stop calling me that?"She knows I hate that name, mostly because I never have a good comeback. She's the daughter of Athena, which doesn't give me a lot of ammunition. I mean, "Owl-head" and "Wise Girl" are kind of lame insults.
Plutarch|Somebodys said that it couldn't be done  But he with a chuckle replied That "maybe it couldn't " but he would be one Who wouldn't say so till he'd tried. So he buckled right in with the trace of a grin On his face. If he worried he hid it. He started to sing as he tackled the thing That couldn't be done  and he did it.
Mikl Paul, Dandelions That have Held your Breath|I don't know if I have ever truly believed that everyone deserves love. But if I had to take it one moment further into those shadowed valleys of heartfull, I would admit that I do believe that love, deserves everyone.
Kevin Spacey|Information helps you to see that you're not alone. That there's somebody in Mississippi and somebody in Tokyo who all have wept, who've all longed and lost, who've all been happy. So the library helps you to see, not only that you are not alone, but that you're not really any different from everyone else.
Ziad K. Abdelnour|If you want to know where your heart is, look where your mind goes when it wanders.
Hamed Abdel-Samad, Der islamische Faschismus: Eine Analyse.|Christians today who view the Bible as God's unadulterated and inerrant word are rightly labeled fundamentalists, while Muslims who think the same of the Qur'an are simply considered Muslims.
Toni Morrison, Song of Solomon|See? See what you can do? Never mind you can’t tell one letter from another, never mind you born a slave, never mind you lose your name, never mind your daddy dead, never mind nothing. Here, this here, is what a man can do if he puts his mind to it and his back in it. Stop sniveling,’ [the land] said. ‘Stop picking around the edges of the world. Take advantage, and if you can’t take advantage, take disadvantage. We live here. On this planet, in this nation, in this county right here. Nowhere else! We got a home in this rock, don’t you see! Nobody starving in my home; nobody crying in my home, and if I got a home you got one too! Grab it. Grab this land! Take it, hold it, my brothers, make it, my brothers, shake it, squeeze it, turn it, twist it, beat it, kick it, kiss it, whip it, stomp it, dig it, plow it, seed it, reap it, rent it, buy it, sell it, own it, build it, multiply it, and pass it on – can you hear me? Pass it on!
Sandeep Sahajpal|Each one of us can aspire to be on TOP simply by keeping a strict focus on Time, Objectivity and Prioritising. As simple as that!
John Fowles, The Collector|Look, Miranda, he said, those twenty long years that lie between you and me. I've more knowledge of life than you, I've lived more and betrayed more and seen more betrayed. At your age one is bursting with ideals. You think that because I can sometimes see what's trivial and what's important in art that I ought to be more virtuous. But I don't want to be virtuous. My charm (if there is any) for you is simply frankness. And experience. Not goodness. I'm not a good man. Perhaps morally I'm younger even than you are. Can you understand that?
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you cannot create a meaning, the things you see will always look meaningless to you!
Micheline Jean Louis|Today focus on the qualities you like about yourself, focus on the good friends and family members you have around you .feed today with gratefulness . what you focus on I believe will remain constant in your life.
Adele          Rose, Awakening|I was in my element, excuse the pun.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Slaughterhouse-Five|Jason Mashak’s SALTY AS A LIP is grounded in a voice patiently bridging the “steeples and ‘scrapers” of an inquisitive mind. The poems are at once syllogistic, hard-edged, satirical, reflective, and finally as playful as love notes. The true joy of this book is that we are deliciously engaged in a "pantomime of pleasure" which the language and imagery generously evoke.
Destin Bays, True Love|There is no fear in True Love. It is protective, and never gives a reason to doubt.
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|Please, Percy...change your clothes. You smell like you've been run over by an electric horse.
Charles R. Swindoll, Rise & Shine: A Wake Up Call|Like caterpillars our metamorphosis begins with what comes from our mouth. Caterpillars spin silk cocoons from the mouth. We speak life or death, success or failure. All transformation starts with what comes from our mouth.
Dean Koontz, The Good Guy|Given enough time, you could convince yourself that loneliness was something better, that it was solitude, the ideal condition for reflection, even a kind of freedom.Once you were thus convinced, you were foolish to open the door and let anyone in, not all the way in. You risked the hard-won equilibrium, that tranquility that you called peace
Richard Pérez, If Only Time Were Enough|Sometimes the presence of a happy moment, one that won't fade, is all the comfort we need.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|All that I seen makes be fear the Lord, for great is wrath.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|What I aim to do is not so much learn the names of the shreds of creation that flourish in this valley, but to keep myself open to their meanings, which is to try to impress myself at all times with the fullest possible force of their very reality. I want to have things as multiply and intricately as possible present and visible in my mind. Then I might be able to sit on the hill by the burnt books where the starlings fly over, and see not only the starlings, the grass field, the quarried rock, the viney woods, Hollins pond, and the mountains beyond, but also, and simultaneously, feathers’ barbs, springtails in the soil, crystal in rock, chloroplasts streaming, rotifers pulsing, and the shape of the air in the pines. And, if I try to keep my eye on quantum physics, if I try to keep up with astronomy and cosmology, and really believe it all, I might ultimately be able to make out the landscape of the universe. Why not?
R. Dean Johnson, Californium: A novel of punk rock, growing up, and other dangerous things|I want to believe him. I know stuff happens to people and they can't always be who they were or who they think they're supposed to be. But knowing that doesn't mean I'm okay with it. It's more like what Mr. Krueger says about black holes: We can't wish them away, so we'd better learn as much as we can about where they are and how they work so we don't get sucked in.
Bill W.|What can we make of the inexpressible joy of children? It is a kind of gratitude, I think—the gratitude of the ten-year-old who wakes to her own energy and the brisk challenge of the world. You thought you knew the place and all its routines, but you see you hadn’t known. Whole stacks at the library held books devoted to things you knew nothing about. The boundary of knowledge receded, as you poked about in books, like Lake Erie’s rim as you climbed its cliffs. And each area of knowledge disclosed another, and another. Knowledge wasn’t a body, or a tree, but instead air, or space, or being—whatever pervaded, whatever never ended and fitted into the smallest cracks and the widest space between stars.
Jeanette Winterson|If thou must love me, let it be for naught except for love's sake only.
Christopher Isherwood, A Single Man|But George knows he can't do that. Because, absurdly, inadequately, in spite of himself, almost, he is a representative of the hope. And the hope is not false. No. It's just that George is like a man trying to sell a real diamond for a nickel, on the street. The diamond is protected from all but the tiniest few, because the great hurrying majority can never stop to dare to believe that it could conceivably be real.
Anthony Liccione|He understands the texture and meaning of the visible universe, and 'sees into the life of things,' not by the help of mechanical instruments, but of the improved exercise of his faculties, and an intimate sympathy with Nature. The meanest thing is not lost upon him, for he looks at it with an eye to itself, not merely to his own vanity or interest, or the opinion of the world. Even where there is neither beauty nor use—if that ever were—still there is truth, and a sufficient source of gratification in the indulgence of curiosity and activity of mind. The humblest printer is a true scholar; and the best of scholars - the scholar of Nature.
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|There is another connection between infancy and dreams: both are followed by amnesia. When we emerge from either state, we have great difficulty remembering what we have experienced. In both cases, I would suggest, the left hemisphere of the neocortex, which is responsible for analyticrecollection, has been functioning ineffectively.
Al Franken|When the president during the campaign said he was against nation building, I didn't realize he meant our nation.
Girl234|To me, the most important rules in life are:1. Never trust people you love.2. Never trust people you don't love.3. Never trust people at all.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|Man...heats up like a lightbulb: red hot in the twinkling of an eye and cold again in a flash. The female, on the other hand...heats up like an iron. Slowly, over a low heat, like tasty stew. But then, once she has heated up, there's no stopping her.
Katie Roiphe, In Praise of Messy Lives: Essays|You drive, walk, eat, look at television, read, and all the while, beyond you and the cozy circle created by your lady around herself and you, like the natural emanations of stars, other lives circle yours, seeds still winged and wind-borne, looking for sympathetic soil. You feel the juices and solids of your body in attempted rearrangement, or, more disturbing, making an effort to create a stillness that approximates death, beyond which the body does become soil, receptive to all wind-borne seeds. In a not especially prolonged stillness, as though no chances could be taken that you might decide to become perpetual motion, words fall out of the air, a random fall from which you might be tempted to make selection, and as you do not move, cannot, a string of words falls onto you, and from you, onto the paper: winter rye greening up, smoothing the old brown earth with a fine new plane: Carpenter Rye, neighbor.
Eric Wilson, A Shred of Truth|As fallible humans, we usually slip too far over one edge or the other - all wrath and judgment or all grace and love.
Lauren Oliver, Requiem|This is the past: It drifts, it gathers. If you are not careful, it will bury you.
Haruki Murakami, Pinball, 1973|I was like a turd that drew flies instead of like a flower that butterflies and bees desired. I wanted to live alone,I felt best being alone, cleaner,,,
Thomas Mann, Death in Venice and Other Tales|Or was he merely a mollycoddled favorite, enjoying capriciously prejudiced love? Schenback was inclined to believe the latter. Inborn in nearly every artist’s nature is a voluptuous, treacherous tendency to accept the injustice if it creates beauty and to grant sympathy and homage to aristocratic preferences.
Mark Batterson, All In: You Are One Decision Away From a Totally Different Life|...people can go to church every week of their lives and never go all in with Jesus Christ. I'm afraid we've cheapened the gospel by allowing people to buy in without selling out. We've made it too convenient, too comfortable. We've given people just enough Jesus to be bored but not enough to feel the surge of holy adrenaline that courses through your veins when you decide to follow Him no matter what, no matter where, no matter when.
Susan Polis Schutz|Love is . . . Being happy for the other person when they are happy, Being sad for the person when they are sad, Being together in good times, And being together in bad times.LOVE IS THE SOURCE OF STRENGTH.Love is . . . Being honest with yourself at all times, Being honest with the other person at all times, Telling, listening, respecting the truth, And never pretending.LOVE IS THE SOURCE OF REALITY.Love is . . . An understanding so complete that you feel as if you are a part of the other person, Accepting the other person just the way they are, And not trying to change them to be something else.LOVE IS THE SOURCE OF UNITY.Love is . . . The freedom to pursue your own desires while sharing your experiences with the other person, The growth of one individual alongside of and together with the growth of another individual. LOVE IS THE SOURCE OF SUCCESS.Love is . . . The excitement of planning things together, The excitement of doing things together.LOVE IS THE SOURCE OF THE FUTURE.Love is . . . The fury of the storm, The calm in the rainbow.LOVE IS THE SOURCE OF PASSION.Love is . . . Giving and taking in a daily situation, Being patient with each other's needs and desires.LOVE IS THE SOURCE OF SHARING.Love is . . . Knowing that the other person will always be with you regardless of what happens, Missing the other person when they are away but remaining near in heart at all times.LOVE IS THE SOURCE OF SECURITY.LOVE IS . . . THE SOURCE OF LIFE!
Renee Conoulty|An obscure flesh-and-blood Gascon, forgotten by History, transformed into a legendary giant by the novelist's genius
Charles R. Swindoll|Someone has said,”Education is going from an unconscious to conscious awareness of one’s ignorance.”..No one has a corner on wisdom. All the name-dropping in the world does not heighten the significance of our character. If anything, it reduces it. Our acute need is to cultivate a willingness to learn and to remain teachable.
Laarni Venus Marie|Somewhere, somehow, maybe I can find someone who can make my heart beat again.. For everyday that I pine for your love, and for every single time you reject me, I start to die deep inside.. That throbbing pain has slowly turned into numbing emptiness..
Joyce Carol Oates, Beasts|The distinction between "assistant" and intern" is a simple one: assistants are paid, interns are not.But of course interns are paid, in experience.
Drew Rogers, Before the Spotlight|Sitting in the wicker rocking chair with her interrupted work in her lap, Amaranta watched Aureliano José, his chin covered with foam, stropping his razor to give himself his first shave. His blackheads bled and he cut his upper lip as he tried to shape a mustache of blond fuzz, and when it was all over he looked the same as before, but the laborious process gave Amaranta the feeling that she had begun to grow old at that moment.
A.G. Howard, Unhinged|We talk and tease and bargain with the main dish. Maniacal laughter echoes in the marble halls, sweet to my ears.There’s movement at the banquet hall’s entrance. A child with my eyes tumbles in—all wings and blue hair and giggling innocence. Holding his hand is Morpheus, wearing a ruby crown.The Red King. My king.The bubble bursts and takes the vision with it, leaving nothing but the sound of my gasp and wisps of gray smoke behind.“You see,” Ivory says, “once Morpheus knew that one day you would belong to him and he to you, that you would share a child, he was no longer willing to die to save Wonderland. But he’s insecure about your feelings for him. He feared you would refuse to help. So he made a new plan, however flawed it was.
Sharman Apt Russell, Teresa of the New World|The women in the kitchen sang: Sarampión toca la puerta. Viruela dice: ¿Quién es? Y Escarlatina contesta: ¡Aquí estamos los tres! The cook would sometimes shout a little madly, “Sing it again!” And the women would sing again: Measles knocks at the door. Smallpox asks, Who’s there? And Scarlet Fever replies: All three of us are here!
Hugh Prather, Notes to Myself: My Struggle to Become a Person|It's not that we fear the place of darkness, but that we don't think we are worth the effort to find the place of light.
Horace Silver|My father was my hero, and he died when I was 11. So, I really never experienced the kind of natural teenage rebellion or the anger at him. I never experienced those feelings as a young person.
Anthony Bloom, Beginning to Pray|In the life of Moses, in Hebrew folklore, there is a remarkable passage. Moses finds a shepherd in the desert. He spends the day with the shepherd and helps him milk his ewes, and at the end of the day he sees that the shepherd puts the best milk he has in a wooden bowl, which he places on a flat stone some distance away. So Moses asks him what it is for, and the shepherd replies 'This is God's milk.' Moses is puzzled and asks him what he means. The shepherd says 'I always take the best milk I possess, and I bring it as on offering to God.' Moses, who is far more sophisticated than the shepherd with his naive faith, asks, 'And does God drink it?' 'Yes,' replies the shepherd, 'He does.' Then Moses feels compelled to enlighten the poor shepherd and he explains that God, being pure spirit, does not drink milk. Yet the shepherd is sure that He does, and so they have a short argument, which ends with Moses telling the shepherd to hide behind the bushes to find out whether in fact God does come to drink the milk. Moses then goes out to pray in the desert. The shepherd hides, the night comes, and in the moonlight the shepherd sees a little fox that comes trotting from the desert, looks right, looks left and heads straight towards the milk, which he laps up, and disappears into the desert again. The next morning Moses finds the shepherd quite depressed and downcast. 'What's the matter?' he asks. The shepherd says 'You were right, God is pure spirit, and He doesn't want my milk.' Moses is surprised. He says 'You should be happy. You know more about God than you did before.' 'Yes, I do' says the shepherd, 'but the only thing I could do to express my love for Him has been taken away from me.' Moses sees the point. He retires into the desert and prays hard. In the night in a vision, God speaks to him and says 'Moses, you were wrong. It is true that I am pure spirit. Nevertheless I always accepted with gratitude the milk which the shepherd offered me, as the expression of his love, but since, being pure spirit, I do not need the milk, I shared it with this little fox, who is very fond of milk.
Gary   Hopkins|When traversing the vast sea of loneliness, Oneness is the only true safe harbor.
Cecelia Ahern|I never wanted anything new; from the age of ten, I was convinced that you couldn't replace what was lost. I insisted on things on having to be found.
Jamaica Kincaid, Lucy|Money, Gun and Lie can solve almost all the problems.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Enjoyable social interaction, community and laughter has a healing effect on the mind and body.
Woodrow Wilson|Every wise, just, and mild government, by rendering the condition of its subjects easy and secure, will always abound most in people, as well as in commodities and riches.
Charles C. Mann|By 2020, most home computers will have the computing power of a human brain. That doesn't mean that they are brains, but it means that in terms of raw processing, they can process bits as fast as a brain can. So the question is, how far behind that is the development of a machine that's as smart as we are?
Katelin LaMontagne, Surge|Impatience is a form of unbelief. It's what we begin to feel when we start to doubt the wisdom of God's timing or the goodness of God's guidance. It springs up in our hearts when our plan is interrupted or shattered. It may be prompted by a long wait in a checkout line or a sudden blow that knocks out half our dreams. The opposite of impatience is not a glib denial of loss. It's a deepening, ripening, peaceful willingness to wait for God in the unplanned place of obedience, and to walk with God at the unplanned pace of obedience - to wait in his place, and go at his pace.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|To succeed and create change, you must be willing to take the risk, with an understanding of a number of key elements. Please begin to understand that an entrepreneurial spirit is not only essential in business enterprise. We all have a business to run in our different areas of specialty. Your life is your business and your family is your business – you have multiple businesses.
Thomas S. Monson|Anxiously you ask, 'Is there a way to safety? Can someone guide me? Is there an escape from threatened destruction?' The answer is a resounding yes! I counsel you: Look to the lighthouse of the Lord. There is no fog so dense, no night so dark, no gale so strong, no mariner so lost but what its beacon light can rescue. It beckons through the storms of life. It calls, 'This way to safety; this way to home.
Christopher Bram, Eminent Outlaws: The Gay Writers Who Changed America|Women in America read 'lifestyle' pages which are really glorifications of shopping. They teach us we must veil ourselves in make-up to be loved. And we willingly take the veil, thinking ourselves freed by it. Make-up is no more optional for us than the veil is for Arab women: it is our Western version of the chador.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|It’s not that I don’t suffer, it’s that I know the unimportance of suffering, I know that pain is to be fought and thrown aside, not to be accepted as part of one’s soul and as a permanent scar across one’s view of existence.
Gloria Vanderbilt|I am little concerned with beauty or perfection. I don't care for the great centuries. All I care about is life, struggle, intensity.
Stephenie Meyer, Twilight|I touched his face. "Look," I said. "I love you more than everything else in the world combined. Isn't that enough?" "Yes, it is enough," he answered, smiling. "Enough for forever.
Anne Haley, Rising Moon|Properly buried.""Properly kept.""That is the way with witches.""And with all things.
Ernst Jünger, Eumeswil|For the anarch, things are not so simple, especially when he has a background in history. If he remains free of being ruled, whether by sovereigns or by society, this does not mean that he refuses to serve in any way. In general, he serves no worse than anyone else, and sometimes even better, if he likes the game. He only holds back from the pledge, the sacrifice, the ultimate devotion. These are issues of metaphysical integrity....
Morgan Amos|Remember, it’s still a mystery to be an adult. If you knew it all before eighteen, you’d have nothing to look forward to. Besides, to be wise and eighteen is as possible as catching lightning in a bottle…
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|Be careful you don't cut yourself. The edges are sharp enough to shave with.''Girls don't shave', Arya said.'Maybe they should. Have you ever seen the septa's legs?
Anne Bishop, Marked in Flesh|The Dimwit's Guide to the Female Mind might assist your efforts in understanding human females. But it must be pointed out that this subject can be a dangerous adventure and should be undertaken with extreme caution. After all, human males have been trying to understand their females for generations, and most of the time they come away from these encounters looking like someone stuck their tails into an electric socket.
Thomas à Kempis|If you wish to stand and progress as you ought, hold yourself an exile and a pilgrim on the earth.
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|Because of the times we live in, all of us, young and old, do not spend enough time and effort thinking about the meaning of life. We do not look inside ourselves enough to understand our strengths and weaknesses, and we do not look around enough - a the world, in history - to ask the deepest and broadest questions. The solution surely is that, even now, we could all use a little bit more of a liberal education.
Rose Tremain, Music & Silence|And it is silence that she hears, the silence of lost years that have no voice left in them.
Joseph Priestley, 1733-1804|Those who remarked in the countenance of this young hero a dissolute audacity mingled with extreme haughtiness ... could not yet deny to his countenance that sort of comeliness which belongs to an open set of features, well formed by nature, modeled by art to the usual rules of courtesy, yet so far frank and honest, that they seemed as if they disclaimed to conceal the natural working of the soul.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Only two unhappy people can be happy with each other, because they are dependent on the 'other' for happiness. Only an INDIVIDUAL relishes in his own presence, the 'other' is a hindrance to his freedom. He doesn't fit with the society, he stands out from the mediocre, he lives in 'totality' and celebrates in aloneness.
Santosh Kalwar, Quote Me Everyday|Always be fearless. Walk like lion, talk like pigeons, live like elephants and love like an infant child.
raja shakeel mushtaque|On the canvas of life,with the brushes of goodness, love and passion, paint your randomness, dynamism & desire to show your "art of living" to the world.
Robert M. Drake, Black Butterfly|Chaos is peaceful when you stand quietly & watch - we are eternal observers, reflecting both tiny & vast, singing infinitely within.
Robert McCammon|Children do not experience our intentions, no matter how heartfelt. They experience what we manifest in tone and behavior.
Joe Rogan|It seemed harmless enough until she misplaced her "Dildo" and started calling the neighbors to ask if she could borrow one of theirs!
Frank Luntz|That's why I do this music business thing, it's communication with people without having the extreme inconvenience of actually phoning anybody up.
Alan Hollinghurst, The Line of Beauty|but good girls dont do that, dont make a fuss, dont upset parents. and i was a good girl so i curled up on the floor and sobbed silently instead
Moira Young, Blood Red Road|With kisses like that, I wish this was the Universe where you were my soulfinder.
Swami Sivananda|They may call me a sinner, but I am at peace with myself.
Joseph Wapner|This is my advice to entrepreneurs. It's easy to give up, but believe in your ideas. Surround yourself with people you respect and are smarter than you.
Rebecca West|[On Jane Austen] She was fully possessed of the idealism which is a necessary ingredient of the great satirist. If she criticized the institutions of earth, it was because she had very definite ideas regarding the institutions of heaven.
Kieran Scott, She's So Dead to Us|I laughed as we turned in a tight circle... "Tonight you're all mine."Jake smiled but looked me dead in the eye. "No. From now on."My heart skipped. "What?""Yours," he said simply, "from now on.
Thomas R. Insel|Connectivity enables transparency for better government, education, and health.
Abhysheq Shukla, Feelings Undefined: The Charm of the Unsaid|Every person has his secret; in reverie, unbeknown to others, he finds peace, freedom, sorrow and love.
Veronica Blade, Something Witchy This Way Comes|Two gorgeous guys slaving in the kitchen. Doesn't get any better than this.''You have low standards,' Chait grinned over his shoulder and dropped bread into the toaster. 'If I had two hot girls in my kitchen, I'd want them naked.' I stood immobile, seeing Chait and Hayden in my minds eye. Naked, cooking for me.Hayden glanced my way and chuckled as I dashed away.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Use and Misuse of Children|The most upsetting thing about Society’s attitude towards disabled people is that many millions of disabled people became disabled while trying to please Society, the very same bitch that secretly regards them as subhuman.
Elif Shafak, The Forty Rules of Love|Multiculturalism should not mean that we tolerate another culture’s intolerance. If we do in fact support diversity, women’s rights, and gay rights, then we cannot in good conscience give Islam a free pass on the grounds of multicultural sensitivity.
Khem Veasna ខឹម វាសនា|Whether democracy or aristocracy is the better form of government constitutes a very difficult question. But, clearly, democracy inconveniences one person while aristocracy oppresses another. That is a truth which establishes itself and precludes any discussion: you are rich and I am poor.
Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?|Places are supposed to look smaller when you go back to them, but my road just looked schizoid. A couple of the houses had had nifty little makeovers involving double glazing and amusing faux-antique pastel paint; most of them hadn't. Number 16 looked like it was on its last legs: the roof was in tatters, there was a pile of bricks and a dead wheelbarrow by the front steps, and at some point in the last twenty years someone had set the door on fire. In Number 8, a window on the first floor was lit up, gold and cozy and dangerous as hell.
Kristen Lamb|The surest path to success is to learn to have a healthy relationship with failure. If we aren't failing, then we aren't doing anything interesting.
Sinclair Lewis, Babbitt|Well, if that’s what you call being at peace, for heaven’s sake just warn me before you go to war, will you?
Deb Volberg|The process of categorisation is as old as men, yet as old as man alone, for no other animal species categorises itself so neatly. Yet the ultimate, most vulnerable and weakest victim of categorisation is empathy. Categorisation is a process that destroys the very empathy that enlivens communities: the empathy that traditionally binds diverse communities together.
John Edwards|Heroes do not dwell in a time of peace; heroes are hardened in a kiln against the sorrows. Their troubles sharpen the blade and make it gleaming. The glint becomes a brightness that is raised high on a hill, allowing women and men to see beyond themselves. For light swallows darkness. Truth buries death. Heroes are not born. They are filled by Music.
Hilary Mantel, A Place of Greater Safety|As Danton sees it, the most bizarre aspect of Camille's character is his desire to scribble over every blank surface; he sees a guileless piece of paper, virgin and harmless, and persecutes it till it is black with words, and then besmirches its sister, and so on, through the quire.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge, The Complete Poems|Where true Love burns Desire is Love's pure flame;It is the reflex of our earthly frame,That takes its meaning from the nobler part,And but translates the language of the heart.
Henry A. Wallace|In its function, the power to punish is not essentially different from that of curing or educating.
RaeAnne Thayne, Dancing in the Moonlight|Yes, I am of old family, and not illiterate. I am a fossil."   "A which?"   "Fossil. The first horses were fossils. They date back two million years.
Alireza Salehi Nejad|My art, my greatest art, is the skill to live within me.
Charles Darwin, Notebooks|We can allow satellites, planets, suns, universe, nay whole systems of universe, to be governed by laws, but the smallest insect, we wish to be created at once by special act.
Kofi Annan|You must learn to exist with no religion, no country, no allies. You must learn to live alone in silence.
Michael Bayswater, The Adventures of Michael Bayswater.|After years of selfish lovers, my preference for pleasuring as opposed to being pleasured had unsettled her at first but as brief fumbles had turned into stolen weekends, her confidence and trust in me had grown to the point where she was now totally relaxed and at ease with me. There was nothing, not a single thing I couldn’t do for or to her if I so wished it. We didn’t even have a safe word because we didn’t need one. We just knew.
Turcois Ominek|That’s been one of my mantras — focus and simplicity. Simple can be harder than complex: You have to work hard to get your thinking clean to make it simple. But it’s worth it in the end because once you get there, you can move mountains. [BusinessWeek, May 25 1998]
Lev Grossman, The Magician King|Earth or Fillory, did it even matter? What was the huge conundrum? Everywhere you looked there was so much richness, you could never exhaust it.
Julie-Anne|True friends are to people what lighthouses are to ships. No matter how stormy it gets, they stay put and light our way.
Hunter S. Thompson, The Proud Highway: Saga of a Desperate Southern Gentleman, 1955-1967|We are all alone, born alone, die alone, and—in spite of True Romance magazines—we shall all someday look back on our lives and see that, in spite of our company, we were alone the whole way. I do not say lonely—at least, not all the time—but essentially, and finally, alone. This is what makes your self-respect so important, and I don't see how you can respect yourself if you must look in the hearts and minds of others for your happiness.
David Levithan, How They Met, and Other Stories|My dance teacher said "you are not a real dancer until your toes bleed from pointing all day" so I did just that. At that time when I went back to her she said "bravo. You have learned to live with pain. You are a real dancer.
Katherine Ewell, Dear Killer|Don’t worry if you fall, sweet girl. Youth is made for bruises.
Katie Hess, Flowerevolution: Blooming into Your Full Potential with the Magic of Flowers|I never use the word renunciation at all. I say: "Rejoice in life,in love,in meditation,in the beauties of the world, in the ecstasy of existence--rejoice in everything!" Transform the mundane into the sacred. Transform this shore ino the other shore, transform the earth into paradise.And then indirectly a certain renunciation starts happening. But that happens,you don't do it. It is not a doing, it is a happening.
Masanobu Fukuoka, The One-Straw Revolution|As noble (and often ignoble) creatures of the universe, the people of the world must acknowledge the nakedness of long held beliefs and be open to constructive criticism. Even if the criticism comes from within or without the structures held sacrosanct.
Matovu Jonathans Eriah|Sometimes am so worried,i complain to God that He's not been listening to my prayers,and then my son comes and says,"hey dad,why are you not mom?"ilook at him and say,God.you've already answered my prayers with the best..who knows whats on the way for me?.
Ed Greenwood|For watching sports, I tend to drink Guinness; early evenings always begin well with a Grey Goose and tonic with plenty of lime; and on a cold winter's night, there's nothing quite like a glass of Black Maple Hill... an absolute peach of a bourbon.
Timothy Thomas Fortune|A good education is that which prepares us for our future sphere of action and makes us contented with that situation in life in which God, in his infinite mercy, has seen fit to place us, to be perfectly resigned to our lot in life, whatever it may be.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|Amazing, how much more difficult it was to extend his arm twelve inches and touch her hand than it was to snatch a speeding Snitch from midair ...
Riley  Murphy, Stare Her Down|This time his voice comes from the left and I hear his footfall moving around my body as I obey. Suddenly I am all limbs, stretching out to please him. I am absurdly vulnerable and beyond aroused. I want him now.
Russell Brand, Revolution|Then the lion stares at it. It stares at its prey. Like this.' (Old Antonio frowns and fastens his black eyes on me.) 'The poor little animal that is going to die just looks. It looks at the lion, who is staring at him. The little animal no longer sees itself, it sees what the lion sees, it looks at the little animal image in the lion's stare, it sees that the lion sees it as small and weak. The little animal never thought before about whether it was small and weak. It was just an animal, neither big nor small, neither strong nor weak. But now it looks at what the lion is seeing, it looks at fear. And by looking at what the lion is seeing, the little animal convinces itself that it is small and weak. And, by looking at the fear that the lion sees, it feels afraid. And now the little animal does not look at anything. Its bones go numb, just like when water gets hold of us at night in the cold. And then the little animal just surrenders, it lets itself go and the lion gets it. That is how the lion kills. It kills by staring.
Chuck Pagano|I have never yet met a healthy person who worried very much about his health, or a really good person who worried much about his own soul.
Azar Nafisi, The Republic of Imagination: America in Three Books|Ironically, torture requires empathy, too, in the sense that one cannot deliberately inflict pain without realizing what is painful.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|The Ministry of Peace concerns itself with war, the Ministry of Truth with lies, the Ministry of Love with torture and the Ministry of Plenty with starvation. These contradictions are not accidental, nor do they result from from ordinary hypocrisy: they are deliberate exercises in doublethink
Roger Penrose, The Road to Reality: A Complete Guide to the Laws of the Universe|There are considerable mysteries surrounding the strange values that Nature's actual particles have for their mass and charge. For example, there is the unexplained 'fine structure constant' ... governing the strength of electromagnetic interactions, ....
Joanna Newsom|Almost every single thing you hope publication will do for you is a fantasy, a hologram--it's the eagle on your credit card that only seems to soar.
Jose Panate-Aceves and John Hayes|Discover the fulfillment of intimate relationships with flesh-and-blood neighbors and teammates in concrete place and time, and we escape the pressure of mainstream media to channel intimacy only as virtual embrace.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, The Sorrows of Young Werther|God knows I often retire to my bed wishing (at times even hoping) that I might never wake up; and in the morning I open my eyes, see the sun once again, and am miserable.
Jane Smiley|I want to be able to experience everything. I want to experience being a husband, experience being a father, experience, maybe, hopefully, someday being a grandfather, and all those things. I want that experience. When I die, I want to be exhausted.
Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse|The Friday before winter break, my mom packed me an overnight bag and a few deadly weapons and took me to a new boarding school.
Bud Grant|People were a little leery when I was doing the press for my last album 'Rumble Doll,' yes. It's always that thing that this is a dilettante or a pet project.
Debasish Mridha|To be a success, intensely focus on success oriented action not on roadblocks or obstacles.
Jan Marie Mueller|If you want success and wealth, then stop spending too much time on cyber world.
David Amerland, The Sniper Mind: Eliminate Fear, Deal with Uncertainty, and Make Better Decisions|When it comes to identity we are all constructs. Who we think we are is the result of our upbringing, memories, skill set, knowledge, experiences and personal belief system. Of all the onion layers that make us who we are, our belief system is what powers our core. It’s what creates the essence of a human being and makes it possible for each of us to exceed our limits, confound expectations and do the impossible.
Jim Butcher, Small Favor|Right,' Thomas said. 'Where are we headed?''To where they treat me like royalty,' I said.'We're going to Burger King?'I rubbed the heel of my hand against my forehead and spelled fratricide in a subvocal mutter, but I had to spell out temporary insanity and justifiable homicide, too, before I calmed down enough to speak politely. 'Just take a left and drive. Please.''Well,' Thomas said, grinning, 'since you said 'please'- Thomas Raith & Harry Dresden, Small Favor, Jim Butcher
Erin Hunter, The Forgotten Warrior|She'd never been big on church before, but as soon as we landed on cancer planet she went so over-the-top Jesucristo that I think she would have nailed herself to a cross if she'd had one handy.
Ray Kurzweil, How to Create a Mind: The Secret of Human Thought Revealed|Mediation - Before you learn how to meditate, you must unlearn what you think meditation might be.
James Carl Nelson, Five Lieutenants: The Heartbreaking Story of Five Harvard Men Who Led America to Victory in World War I|Who can be astonished at anything, when he has once been astonished at the manger and the cross? What is there wonderful left after one has seen the Saviour?
John Scalzi, The Sagan Diary|Fear sits and smiles and is predatory, immobile and silent and serene; an observer who conserves his energy and is content to wait.
Gregory Maguire, A Lion Among Men|Waking up was a daily cruelty, an affront, and she avoided it by not sleeping.
Douglas MacArthur|Build me a son, O Lord, who will be strong enough to know when he is weak, and brave enough to face himself when he is afraid, one who will be proud and unbending in honest defeat, and humble and gentle in victory.
Marlee Matlin|Vocal rest is awesome. It is like any kind of fast. Firstly, it is a purification of speech. It made me realize how not careful I am with the things I say. It also makes you find new ways of communication and new methods to connect with people.
Jon Voight|Without free, self-respecting, and autonomous citizens there can be no free and independent nations. Without internal peace, that is, peace among citizens and between the citizens and the state, there can be no guarantee of external peace.
Warren Buffett|Immorality, no less than morality, has at all times found support in religion.
Christy Reece, Rescue Me|Okay, babe, I'm here.”
Bandile M Matsenjwa|Hold my hand,and let me catch your paceEven if i'm last,you on first; we both won the race
Lisa Kleypas, Mine Till Midnight|She’s not the kind of girl you can easily forget,” Alex said, before sitting upright again and taking a deep breath. “She’s unforgettable.
Shannon L. Alder|You cannot become a peacemaker without communication. Silence is a passive aggressive grenade thrown by insecure people that want war, but they don't want the accountability of starting it.
J.R.R. Tolkien|Fantasy is escapist, and that is its glory. If a soldier is imprisioned by the enemy, don't we consider it his duty to escape?. . .If we value the freedom of mind and soul, if we're partisans of liberty, then it's our plain duty to escape, and to take as many people with us as we can!
Nikki Rowe|My instinct is saying its not over, but your adamant it is, what do I trust?
James Comey|If you run from technology, it will chase you.
Deyth Banger|She went a little fucking overboard on her anger." He looks at me. "Her daughters are all a bit nuts, so you know exactly where they get it from.”"She called the fucking cops on me," I retort. "That's not nuts that's --""It's nuts," he rebuts. "It's fucked up.""That too," he says.
Victoria Escobar, Of Gaea|She bit the inside of her cheek. “You wouldn’t keep secrets from me, would you? I mean we’ve been friends how long?”"We have been friends, thirteen years, eight months, two weeks, four days,” The wheelchair stopped and Ari watched the long shadow look at his watch. “Sixteen hours, four minutes and forty seven seconds and counting I’d say; give or take thirty minutes. Or if you want the short version: five thousand and four days plus or minus a few hours."She put her hands to her face and laughed to keep from crying. “Please tell me you made half of that up. Who actually keeps track of time like that?
Jonathan Corcoran|She walked down the lawn and surveyed the world as they'd both seen it--the wild limbs of the leaning apple tree, the golden-brown evening sky, the black silhouettes of the mountains. The trunk and the branches of the tree had bent over the years, under the weight of the heavy fruit. One of the biggest branches had grown down from the canopy of the leaves, all the way to the ground and straight along the grass...the end of that same branch had begun growing up again, at a right angle, the wood bending toward the sky.
Paul Murray|How others perceive us is entirely up to us. A man is what he makes of himself. He can be treated with respect and goodwill, or he can be crushed underfoot like a worm. If you want to be successful in the world of trade and commerce, then you must look successful.
Alan Booth, The Roads to Sata: A 2000-Mile Walk Through Japan|The entire area - some 300 square kilometers - is sacred. There are shrines and temples dotted about the slopes, but they merely confirm the sanctity of the land. It is not in the shrines and temples that the gods live, but in the mountains themselves. [about the Three Holy Mountains of Dewa - Haguro, Gassam, and Yodono]
Eknath Easwaran|Frederick expected that he would have felt spasms of joy; but the passions grow pale when we find ourselves in an altered situation; and, as he no longer saw Madame Arnoux in the environment wherein he had known her, she seemed to him to have lost some of her fascination; to have degenerated in some way that he could not comprehend—in fact, not to be the same. He was astonished at the serenity of his own heart. © Project Gutenberg /... sentimentele slăbesc cînd le schimbi locul...
Ursula K. Le Guin|The Earth is beautiful, and bright, and kindly, but that is not all. The Earth is also terrible, and dark, and cruel. The rabbit shrieks dying in the green meadows. The mountains clench their great hands full of hidden fire. There are sharks in the sea, and there is cruelty in men's eyes. And where men worship these things and abase themselves before them, there evil breeds; there places are made in the world where darkness gathers, places given over wholly to the Ones whom we call Nameless, the ancient and holy Powers of the Earth before the Light, the powers of the dark, of ruin, of madness.
Joel Osteen|I like sports, and I enjoy playing basketball and lifting weights.
Thomm Quackenbush, Pagan Standard Times: Essays on the Craft|If you’re not already at practice after watching BC One, you’re fucking up.
Brian Kernighan|Everything is being run by computers. Everything is reliant on these computers working. We have become very reliant on Internet, on basic things like electricity, obviously, on computers working. And this really is something which creates completely new problems for us. We must have some way of continuing to work even if computers fail.
Elena Gorokhova, A Mountain of Crumbs|Don't let the magic slip away," he says, "or you'll sink into the quicksand of the ordinary.
aMessageOfLove|Expect success of yourself, no matter what you desire, intend to do it, to be it. Hoping and wishing for success isn't going to cut it. That energy isn't going to create success. Your FAITH is creative, you've got to know and intend for it to happen. Feeling that at a vibrational level it ALREADY has.( Instagram: #aMessageOfLove )
Laura Bates|There is more in the world than is dreamt of in your philosophy, Doctor - or in the Merck Manual.
Debasish Mridha|To be a success, dream with open eyes, have faith in your defined purpose, and act with deep love.
Jennifer L. Scott, At Home with Madame Chic: Becoming a Connoisseur of Daily Life|I guess I figured that as long as I was with people I loved, I was home. It didn't matter where we were or what kind of place we lived in. We had each other and that was enough.
Eder Holguin|Believe in yourself. Do NOT listen to the haters or to those who said "it can't be done". I had people who laughed at my dreams, who laughed at my accent or at the fact that I did not come from a wealthy family or a prestigious school; people who told me I would never succeed at anything. I have managed to prove those people wrong again and again. Believe in yourself and follow your heart, the rest will come into place in time.
Donald J. Trump|You know what uranium is, right? This thing called nuclear weapons like lots of things are done with uranium including some bad things.
Corrie ten Boom, The Hiding Place: The Triumphant True Story of Corrie Ten Boom|Do you know what hurts so very much? It's love. Love is the strongest force in the world, and when it is blocked that means pain. There are two things we can do when this happens. We can kill that love so that it stops hurting. But then of course part of us dies, too. Or we can ask God to open up another route for that love to travel.
M.Z.Riffi|You were patient, but I worried that your very patience tempted Kevin to try it.
Mary MacLane, I, Mary MacLane: A Diary of Human Days|I am a selfish, conceited, impudent little animal, it is true, but, after all, I am only one grand conglomeration of Wanting…
William S. Burroughs|Our marriage is between us. If we decide to continue being together or not, it's our business.
Aaron B. Powell, Sugar Baby|Good lord, what have I gotten myself into?
Virginia Woolf, A Room of One's Own|I should never be able to fulfill what is,I understand, the first duty of a lecturer-to hand you after an hour's discourse a nugget of pure truth to wrap up between the pages of your notebooks and keep on the mantelpiece forever".
Edith Wharton, The Age of Innocence|Ashe was typical of that strata of mankind which conducts its human relationships according to a principle of challenge and response. Where there was softness, he would advance; where he found resistance, retreat. Having himself no particular opinions or tastes he relied upon whatever conformed with those of his companion. He was as ready to drink tea at Fortnum's as beer at the Prospect of Whitby; he would listen to military music in St. James's Park or jazz in Compton Street cellar; his voice would tremble with sympathy when he spoke of Sharpeville, or with indignation at the growth of Britain's colored population. To Leamas this observably passive role was repellent; it brought out the bully in him, so that he would lead the other gently into a position where he was committed, and then himself withdraw, so that Ashe was constantly scampering back from some cul-de-sac into which Leamas had enticed him.
Nanci Rathbun, Truth Kills|Sometimes I wish I was a lesbian, it would make life so much easier. I hear they're more than ninety-percent faithful. What a concept!
Elizabeth Drew|He is the true enchanter, whose spell operates, not upon the senses, but upon the imagination and the heart.
Colette|You will do foolish things, but do them with enthusiasm.
Jessica Pallington West, What Would Keith Richards Do?: Daily Affirmations from a Rock and Roll Survivor|Keith Richards on change—"It's gotta go up and down. Otherwise, you won't know the difference. It would be just a bland, straight line, like lookin' at a heart machine. And when that straight line happens, baby, you're dead.
Drexel Deal, The Fight of My Life is Wrapped Up in My Father|Everyone who I called my friends, persons who I used to hang out with, these were the individuals who formed and made up the gang known as the Rebellion Raiders. So when the gang was formed I was automatically a part of it, because it was formed by my friends. I didn’t have to go out and join the gang. Troit Lynes, former death row inmate of Her Majesty Prison in the Bahamas
VIZ Media, Time for Magic|What am I doing here? The Southern Star has vanished, a Cataclyst is calling the moon out of time at the mythical Great Barrier, and you're asking what I'm doing here? Are you serious?
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|We can be knowledgeable with another man's knowledge, but we can't be wise with another man's wisdom.
J.C. McKenzie, Beast Coast|Holly rubs her temples. “Are we talking ... vampires?”Arkady groans. “On, the V-word! Here it comes again.
Kurt Reiner C. Suarez|I'm walking to the path of light, And i have elements on my side, But without them I'm still behind them.
Rebecca Traister|Turing was fearless. He's extremely direct, which can be seen as socially awkward, and that becomes both his big obstacle but also, in many ways, his strength.
Dan Alatorre|Here’s my advice: you hold in your heart everything you need to know to write anything your story needs written. Dig deep and go where the pain and fear and joy are, and put it out there. The minute you shy away from pure honesty in your writing, you become a liar and people will smell it. People are suckers for the truth and they know it when they see it. Open your soul and they will stop and watch.
L.A. Witt, Rules of Engagement|If I knew how a lot of my relationships would have turned out, I never would have gotten involved in them... And I would have missed out on some of the best times in my life.
W.B. Yeats|I know that I shall meet my fate somewhere among the clouds above; those that I fight I do not hate, those that I guard I do not love.
Shannon A. Thompson, 2013: A Stellar Collection|My life wasn’t horrible, but I didn’t see any passionate reason to love it.
Todd Misura, Divergence: Erotica from a Different Angle|Nice driving, ya doomed fucks!
Lionel Trilling|In the most secret heart of every intellectual ... there lies hidden ... the hope of power, the desire to bring his ideas to reality by imposing them on his fellow man.
Emilio Estevez|We should not moor a ship with one anchor, or our life with one hope.
Ismail Haniyeh|If our freedom is taken, the American dream will wither and die.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|One swing set, well worn but structurally sound, seeks new home. Make memories with your kid or kids so that someday he or she or they will look into the backyard and feel the ache of sentimentality as desperately as I did this afternoon. It's all fragile and fleeting, dear reader, but with this swing set, your child(ren) will be introduced to the ups and downs of human life gently and safely, and may also learn the most important lesson of all: No matter how hard you kick, no matter how high you get, you can't go all the way around.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|You can only see your current horizon. Every time you move nearer to your desired destination, new horizons will become clear. New, previously hidden, opportunities will come into view.
Grace Lee Boggs, The Next American Revolution: Sustainable Activism for the Twenty-First Century|At the core of the problem is an obsolete factory model of schooling that sorts, tracks, tests, and rejects or certifies working-class children as if they were products on an assembly line. The purpose of education, I said, cannot be only to increase the earning power of the individual or to supply workers for the ever-changing slots of the corporate machine. Children need to be given a sense of the 'unique capacity of human beings to shape and create reality in accordance with conscious purposes and plans.
Bertolt Brecht|The worst illiterate is the political illiterate, he doesn’t hear, doesn’t speak, nor participates in the political events. He doesn’t know the cost of life, the price of the bean, of the fish, of the flour, of the rent, of the shoes and of the medicine, all depends on political decisions. The political illiterate is so stupid that he is proud and swells his chest saying that he hates politics. The imbecile doesn’t know that, from his political ignorance is born the prostitute, the abandoned child, and the worst thieves of all, the bad politician, corrupted and flunky of the national and multinational companies.
Tristram Stuart|At the same time the folk boom was happening, the civil rights movement was happening, the anti-war movement was happening, the ban the bomb movement was happening, the environmental movement was happening. There was suddenly a generation ready to change the course of history.
Johnny Rich, The Human Script|Yes, My Son, man is a piece of wood, that can be used for everything, from the moment he’s born until the moment he dies, he’s always ready to obey, send him there and he goes, tell him to halt and he stops, tell him to turn back and he retreats, whether in peace or in war, man, generally speaking, is the best thing that could have happened to the gods, And the wood from which I’m made, since I’m a man, what use will it be put to, since I’m Your son, You will be the spoon I shall dip into humanity and bring out laden with men who shall believe in the new god I intend to become, Laden with men You will devour, There’s no need for Me to devour those who devour themselves.
Saul Bellow, Herzog|I am willing without further exercise in pain to open my heart. And this needs no doctrine or theology of suffering. We love apocalypses too much, and crisis ethics and florid extremism with its thrilling language. Excuse me, no. I've had all the monstrosity I want.
Pawan Mishra|Every time it’s the same. It’s easy to prove to myself that good pictures are elusive, but I can never quite believe they’re also inevitable. It would be a lot easier for me to believe they were if I also believed that they came as a result of my obvious talent, that I was extraordinary in some way. Artists go out of their way to reinforce the perception that good art is made by singular people, people with an exceptional gift. But I don’t believe I am that exceptional, so what is this that I’m making?
Trevor Noah, Born a Crime: Stories From a South African Childhood|Know the rules of child rearing!!Rule one: Physical strength!Rule two: Physical strength!There are no rules three or four, but rule five is physical strength!
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Fire In You|Scars, whether physical or emotional, could be not just a representation of survival but also a story of hope.
Alphonsus Liguori|If God did not exist, it would be necessary to invent Him.
Belle Ami|To see your-self you must first be yourself, to be your-self you must first know yourself, and to know your-self you must first love your-self more than anything in the world."-Mark Miller
Gregory Maguire, Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West|I have always felt like a pawn... My skin color's been a curse, my missionary parents made me sober and intense, my school days brought me up against political crimes against Animals, my love life imploded and my lover died, and if I had any life's work of my own, I haven't found it yet, except in animal husbandry, if you could call it that.
Marie Rutkoski, The Winner's Crime|When I look at the multitude of the gods of the past held in esteem by great civilisations now cast aside as pagan idols, I wonder wether tomorrow the gods we hold in high esteem won't suffer the same fate.
John L. Parker Jr., Once a Runner|When the guy kissed her, Cassidy felt a stab of pain that was close to physical, and therefore within the penumbra of hurts he told himself he could bear.
Beck|Design is about point of view, and there should be some sort of woman or lifestyle or attitude in one's head as a designer. So my being able to reach the masses was something that meant a great deal to me - especially for women who could never wear Vera Wang.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|From the philosopher Catulus, never to be dismissive of a friend's accusation, even if it seems unreasonable, but to make every effort to restore the relationship to its normal condition.
Paul Silway|We call ourselves Protestants, but we have totally departed from the teachings of the early Protestants. Martin Luther, John Wesley and John Calvin would turn in their graves, if they hear the kind of teachings we are now feeding the people of God with.
Kari L. Greenaway, Hope Doesn't Hide|He stretches forth in our soul, Teaches our arms how to reach.Our feet He has shod,With His gospel of peace.
Miranda July, The First Bad Man|And then an endless instant later Arthur was kissing him back, like this was perfectly normal, like this was exactly what Arthur had been hoping for most in all the world, his large hands closing over Merlin's shoulders and sliding down over his back, strong and warm even through the fabric of his sweater, one hand pausing on his waist and the other sliding around to cup his arse and pull him in closer. Merlin made a surprised, enthusiastic sound and stopped holding back; let himself cling to Arthur and kiss him more fiercely; and then they were kissing like it was their last day on earth and they had to cram every possible moment of passion into this tiny slice of time, hands clutching at fabric, mouths pressing hungry bites onto bare skin as if they would somehow devour one another, trying to touch and taste everything at once, frantic and needy and bursting with urgent desire and the inescapable knowledge that this was finite, was stolen, was not supposed to be.
Wesley Gray|Everyone has a worldview, and everyone is positive theirs is the correct one. I can tell you without a doubt your wrong.
Chaz Bufe, Anarchism: What It Is & What It Isn't|To most anarchists, the advocacy of freedom on Earth while bowing to a heavenly tyrant (no matter how imaginary) seems an insupportable contradiction.
J. Kenner, Release Me|The artist is not a different kind of person, but every person is a different kind of artist.
Luffina Lourduraj|Don't cry after my death, I won't know it.Love me when I am alive.
Kendrick Lamar|We should face reality and our past mistakes in an honest, adult way. Boasting of glory does not make glory, and singing in the dark does not dispel fear.
Toni Sorenson|Let your past propel you forward, not hold you back.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With the love of music, there will be no misery in life.
Calvin W. Allison, Growing in the Presence of God|The deep self has been referred to by many names over the ages. You may know it as Essence, Spirit, Soul, Source...or, perhaps by no name at all. I prefer to call it The Inner Shaman...The Inner Shaman simply waits for your sanity, that glimmer of light or recognition on your part. In short, it is waiting for your readiness to be aware of it.
Vincent van Gogh|Your profession is not what brings home your weekly paycheck, your profession is what you're put here on earth to do, with such passion and such intensity that it becomes spiritual in calling.
Marlene Van Niekerk, Agaat|First smile!! An unseasonal little shower of rain fell here, and a lot of butterflies drowned, so we put them in the sun and they came back to life, and flew up and then Agaat SMILED!
Thomas Pynchon, Bleeding Edge|VISIONS OF GRANDEURI'm walking through a sheet of glass instead of the door,Flying over a giant candlestick lighting up Central Park,Repeating two courses at Hard Knock's College,And swimming through the Red Sea with silky jelly fish.I'm hopping over an empty row house in Philadelphia,Getting a seventy dollar manicure on a gondola in Venice,Wearing a white pearl necklace stolen from Goodwill,And running my first New York City marathon.I'm discussing the meaning of life with my late cat Charlie.Dating John Doe- the thirty-third chef at the White House,Running non-stop on a broken leg through a bomb-blasted city,And keeping a multi-lingual monkey named Alfredo as my pet.I'm spying on two hundred and twenty-two homegrown terrorists from Iowa,Worshiped by a red-headed gorilla named Salamander,Sleeping with a giant teddy bear dressed in black leather,And wearing hot pink lipstick over a shade of midnight blue.
Sally Struthers|Yes, the companionship is amazing. You know, you can get that physical attraction that happens is great, but then there's an awful lot of time and the rest of the day that you have to fill.
Michael Hayden|Politicization - the shading of analysis to fit prevailing policy or politics - is the harshest criticism one can make of an intelligence organization. It strikes beyond questions of competence to the fundamental ethic of the enterprise, which is, or should be, truth telling.
Regar Asequia|I like your mama,' Trena tells me. 'She seems like good people.''Smile!' my mom calls to me from across the room, and I look at her and smile. Because she is good people. And she means well, even if she does drive me crazy.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In the midst of the disappointment, we find faith as an anchor!
Michel Foucault|everything is dangerous, nothing is innocent
Mikko Hypponen|I was nerdy and really into computers. I was a good student until my senior year, when I started traveling and had a lot of absences.
Eleanor Roosevelt|Life was meant to be lived, and curiosity must be kept alive. One must never, for whatever reason, turn his back on life.
G.K. Chesterton|There is a great deal of difference between an eager man who wants to read a book, and a tired man who wants a book to read.
Jacques Monod|All the elements other than hydrogen and helium make up just 0.04 percent of the universe. Seen from this perspective, the periodic system appears to be rather insignificant. But the fact remains that we live on the earth… where the relative abundance of elements is quite different.
Eowyn Ivey, The Snow Child|How can it be a large career to tell other people's children about the Rule of Three, and a small career to tell one's own children about the universe? How can it be broad to be the same thing to everyone, and narrow to be everything to someone? No. A woman's function is laborious, but because it is gigantic, not because it is minute. I will pity Mrs. Jones for the hugeness of her task; I will never pity her for its smallness.
Joel T. McGrath|Oh yes. It's open all right, but not many people come in here to look at me now so there's no point in selling tickets. No one is interested in a man who professes to be a monster. They'll give me notice very soon. I started out being a great attraction, but people soon understood that what fascinated them about me was no more than the reflection of their own deformities. All I do is how them what is inside themselves,' He added mournfully.
James Dashner|Please, Tommy. Please
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|A team's inspiration comes from individuals' aspirations. The combined quality of individual passions makes a team's impact to excel. When you are in a team, play a part!
Laurie Nadel, Dancing with the Wind: A True Story of Zen in the Art of Windsurfing|A wide-angle view of sails sparkling white against a cobalt sky as light dances, silver on the water. Like art, it soothes the edge, allowing you to see something simple from a different perspective.
Thomas Shepard, The Works of Thomas Shepard - Vol 2: The Parable of the Ten Virgins|Oh, the best dancers know/what grace/every stumble/contains.
