Craig D. Lounsbrough|Rarely do I truly understand the disease which ails me. Therefore, rarely do I truly understand the fix that would cure me. And so maybe I should truly contemplate how rarely I recognize that God understands both.
Chris Mentillo|Have you noticed how prejudice still exists today. For instance, now they challenge famous people for their past achievements: People like Christopher Columbus and now even Vince lombardi. Nothing surprises me. I never grew-up with prejudices against anyone. I don't care what color you are or where you came from. This sort of stuff to me never made sense. You see I grew up in a "educated family." Education teaches you not to be so ignorant.
Rick Riordan, The Battle of the Labyrinth|A demigod!" one snarled."Eat it!" yelled another.But that's as far as they got before I slashed a wide arc with Riptide and vaporized the entire front row of monsters."Back off!" I yelled at the rest, trying to sound fierce. Behind them stood their instructor--a six-foot tall telekhine with Doberman fangs snarling at me. I did my best to stare him down."New lesson, class," I announced. "Most monsters will vaporize when sliced with a celestial bronze sword. This change is completely normal, and will happen to you right now if you don't BACK OFF!"To my surprise, it worked. The monsters backed off, but there was at least twenty of them. My fear factor wasn't going to last that long.I jumped out of the cart, yelled, "CLASS DISMISSED!" and ran for the exit.
Joseph Ratner, The Philosophy of Spinoza|So easy now that Elder Sister has explained to her what all young girls in houses are taught—that with care and meticulous acting and tears of pretended pain and fear, and the final modest telltale stains cautiously placed, a girl can, if necessary, be virgin ten times for ten different men.
Oscar Wilde|Marriage is a matter for common sense.""But women who have common sense are so curiously plain, father, aren't they? Of course I only speak from heresay?""No woman, plain or pretty, has any common sense at all, sir. Common sense is the privilege of our sex.
BJ the Chicago Kid|Background scores allow me an absolute flight of the imagination, and I travel in my mind's eye. I do not like the scores to have vocal notes, because they act as a limitation to these flights of fancy.
Albert Camus|What made me run away was doubtless not so much the fear of settling down, but of settling down permanently in something ugly.
Susanna Clarke, Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell|For a moment or two before the spell took effect, he was aware of all the sounds around him: rain splashing on metal and leather, and running down canvas; horses shuffling and snorting; Englishmen singing and Scotsmen playing bagpipes; two Welsh soldiers arguing over the proper interpretation of a Bible passage; the Scottish captain, John Kincaid, entertaining the American savages and teaching them to drink tea (presumably with the idea that once a man had learnt to drink tea, the other habits and qualities that make up a Briton would naturally follow).Then silence. Men and horses began to disappear, few by few at first, and then more quickly – hundreds, thousands of them vanishing from sight. Great gaps appeared among the close-packed soldiers. A little further to the east an entire regiment was gone, leaving a hole the size of Hanover-square. Where, moments before, all had been life, conversation and activity, there was now nothing but the rain and the twilight and the waving stalks of rye. Strange wiped his mouth because he felt sick.
Thomas a Kempis|I paint mostly from real life. It has to start with that. Real people, real street scenes, behind the curtain scenes, live models, paintings, photographs, staged setups, architecture, grids, graphic design. Whatever it takes to make it work.
Hubert Martin|An intricate string made up of infinite knots and curls. Taking a step back, it really did seem so fragile. As if the smallest breeze of opportunity would cause it to snap. It held strong though, fastened to me and you as a line of steel.
Cecil Baldwin|I’ve always felt sorry for Mike Collins, driving all the way to the moon but not allowed out of the car to look around.
Marilyn Monroe|There are many whose tongues might govern multitudes, if they could govern their tongues.
John Naisbitt|Instead of giving money to found colleges to promote learning, why don't they pass a constitutional amendment prohibiting anybody from learning anything? If it works as good as the Prohibition one did, why, in five years we would have the smartest race of people on earth.
Libba Bray, A Great and Terrible Beauty|Felicity ignores us. She walks out to them, an apparition in white and blue velvet, her head held high as they stare in awe at her, the goddess. I don't know yet what power feels like. But this is surely what it looks like, and I think I'm beginning to understand why those ancient women had to hide in caves. Why our parents and suitors want us to behave properly and predictably. It's not that they want to protect us; it's that they fear us.
Carl W. Brand|To say that he 'nailed a subject's soul to the canvas' makes the assumption that we persons, as well as artists, can see one another's souls.Maybe we do. Maybe we all have the ability to perceive another's soul, and do so every day, only we take it for granted, and don't even know it when we're doing it. We call it knowing someone's 'character' or 'personality.
Erin Kellison, Until Dawn|Oh, the envelope did contain magic,” a strange, low voice said from the doorway.	Judith looked over. She forgot her cut and her coffee. And how to breathe.	The tall, broad man filling up the door frame looked like a warrior angel with gold hair falling into his eyes, a pale-gold undertone to his skin, and ‘heartbreaking’ green eyes….	“Any magic that involves blood is a grave threat,” he continued. “And death by paper cut would be a long and tedious way to go. I can help.
Charles Fort|Almost all people are hypnotics. The proper authority saw to it that the proper belief should be induced, and the people believed properly.
Chuck Hagel|I live off a motto that says, 'yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery'. I have goals and agendas. Where ever I'll be tomorrow, that's where I'll be.
Elle Valentine, The Unpopular Pea|We cannot afford to be discouraged from challenging the corporate control of our food system, our genetic commons, our shared resources, or our democracy. The history of social change in our nation shows that the political system can be reformed, even if the road is long and zigzag.
|Knowing that you don't let any day pass you by without having something creative and productive to account for it, is truly such a priceless feeling.
Santosh Kalwar|Psychology is a subject of life, death, and in-betweens.
Naomi Alderman, The Power|The gender thing is a giveaway, though. Only a Radchaai would misgender people the way you do."I'd guessed wrong. "I can't see under your clothes. And even if I could, that's not always a reliable indicator.
Tessa Dare, One Dance with a Duke|There's a very generous donation in the parish's future if you make this fast. Ten minutes, at the most."Frowning, the man fumbled open his liturgy. "There's an established rite, Your Grace. Marriage must be entered into with solemnity and consideration. I don't know that I can rush--""Ten minutes. One thousand guineas."The liturgy snapped closed. "Then again, what do a few extra minutes signify to an eternal God?" He beckoned Amelia with a fluttering, papery hand. "Make haste, child. You're about to be married.
Bob Schaffer|If the Scottish people decide to opt for independence, it would not be a good idea for Scotland to maintain a very rigid link to the pound.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Sometimes to take two steps in a row, one after the other, I need to make a contract with myself.
Thiruvalluvar, Thirukkural|She who has the excellence of home virtues, and can expend within the means of her husband, is a help in the domestic state
Ving Rhames|The secularists in Turkey haven't underestimated religion, they just made the mistake of believing they could control it with the power of the army alone.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|Steer clear of negativity and set boundaries so that when people bring it on, you can engage your force-field to deflect their distracting energy.
John Grisham, The Last Juror|He was a living dead man. According to official records he had died, not once, but twice. yet he still breathed
Nancy N. Rue|My hair is not the shiniest of bobsMy eyes are not the brightest in the roomMy figure will not get me modeling jobsMy smile will not bring young boys to their doom.But do I cry and mourn my average face?Or wish that I had boyfriends at the ready?Do I not sleep because I lose the race,Or spurn my food because I don't go steady?My mind is on a more important thingThat lifts my heart and makes my spirit soarI want to make the souls of people singAnd quiet down the mean and bullying roar.To help the wounded girls replace the scarWith the right to be exactly who they are.
William Hazlitt|the old maxim... "there are three things necessary to success in life--Impudence! Impudence! Impudence!
Dada Bhagwan|The ego dies and the ego lives, but people say that ‘I died’. That which takes birth and dies is the ego, and the Soul is in the same place (is always intact). Even Pudgal (the atoms that were charged; which are being discharged in the form of mind, body, speech) is in the same place. The issue is only of the ego in the middle.
Fennel Hudson, A Meaningful Life - Fennel's Journal - No. 1|The smaller man said again, 'See the Buddha in everyone.'How different, I thought, that is from Brakhage, who says it is the artist's business to discover the particularity that distinguishes you from all others. Your virtue. Your vision that makes you separate from others. I remembered that he quoted Robert Duncan. 'Soul is not universal. It is a created-creative event.
J.S.B. Morse, Now and at the Hour of Our Death|Ironically, the only people anyone believes these days are the skeptics.
Saint Ambrose|It's not morbid to talk about death. Most people don't worry about death, they worry about a bad death.
Sarah Cross, Kill Me Softly|It seems that I have been held in some dreaming stateA tourist in the waking world world, never quite awake.No kiss, no gentle word could wake me from this slumber,Until I realised that it was you who held me under.
Scott Lynch, The Lies of Locke Lamora|If I had allowed myself to dwell on revenge, it would turn to bitterness, and bitterness is the worst poison a man can give himself.
Freida Martinez|It was the first smile of my life. Of course, that is a ridiculous thing to say; I had been smiled at often, the big man had smiled at me not a minute since. And yet I say: it was the first smile, because it was the first that ever went straight into me like a needle too thin to be seen.
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross|I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning how to sail my ship.
EXO Books, The Last Day of Captain Lincoln|Sadly, history shows us that people literally scrambled their children's brains with heavy exposure to screens at young ages. Developing primate brains are wired to interact with others in a real environment, learning the enormous range of human behaviours from copying the people they love and trust, not staring mindlessly at images.
William Shakespeare, Titus Andronicus|Throughout the world what remains of the vast public spaces are now only the stuff of legends: Robin Hood’s forest, the Great Plains of the Amerindians, the steppes of the nomadic tribes, and so forth… Rousseau said that the first person who wanted a piece of nature as his or her own exclusive possession and transformed it into the transcendent form of private property was the one who invented evil. Good, on the contrary, is what is common.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|Distrust won’t do good to you.But still if you ever do.Doubt you husband,Maybe doubt your wife.But never suspect,your kid’s father,or the mother of your child.
Itzik Amiel|Do what most people Won't, so you can have what most people Don't.
Bridget Zinn, Poison|Kyra." Fred caught Kyra's eyes. "I'm not in love with Ariana and I don't want half the kingdom.""You don't?"He shook his head. "But I might stick around for a little while longer. There are some interesting things in the Kingdom of Mohr.""Like what?""Like a certain funny and extremely talented potioner."Kyra took a breath. "I have to warn you, Hal isn't that great as a boyfriend. He's pretty self absorbed.
A. N. Wilson|I generally blog between 5:30 A.M. and 7 A.M. I will from time to time add something during the day, but for the most part blogging is an early morning activity for me.
Henry James, The Portrait of a Lady|It has made me better loving you... it has made me wiser, and easier, and brighter. I used to want a great many things before, and to be angry that I did not have them. Theoretically, I was satisfied. I flattered myself that I had limited my wants. But I was subject to irritation; I used to have morbid sterile hateful fits of hunger, of desire. Now I really am satisfied, because I can’t think of anything better. It’s just as when one has been trying to spell out a book in the twilight, and suddenly the lamp comes in. I had been putting out my eyes over the book of life, and finding nothing to reward me for my pains; but now that I can read it properly I see that it’s a delightful story.
Natasha Tsakos|Creativity is not a gift, it’s a mindset that you practice
William Shenstone|I find, in being black, a thing of beauty: a joy; a strength; a secret cup of gladness.
Joshua Edward Smith, Duality|Did you have a nice nap?' he asked. 'Yes, Sir. Naps are tricky. There's a little window of how long you can sleep that will leave you feeling awake and refreshed. But if you miss it and you nap less or more than that amount, you feel like crap the rest of the day. And then you will have insomnia, probably.' 'You're a real risk-taker," he said.
Katherine Addison, The Goblin Emperor|You take what you want at the end of a gun, you murder and rape and steal, and you call it bringing civilization. And what is civilization, to you, but us being properly grateful to be murdered and raped and stolen from? You said you knew justice when you heard it. Well, what is your justice but you allowed to treat us as you like, and us condemned for even attempting to defend ourselves?
Amy Leigh Mercree, The Compassion Revolution: 30 Days of Living from the Heart|You are a dynamo, and every day offers a choice to create a life you love.
Darrell Calkins|The sweet spot is a term used by audiophiles and recording engineers to describe the focal point between two sources of sound, where an individual is fully capable of hearing the audio mix the way it was intended to be heard by the musicians. Different static methods exist to broaden the area of the sweet spot.Sound engineers also refer to the sweet spot of any sound-producing body that may be captured with a microphone. Every individual instrument and voice has its own sweet spot, the perfect location to place the microphone or microphones in order to obtain the best sound.In tennis, baseball, or cricket, a given swing will result in a more powerful impact if the ball strikes the racquet or bat on the sweet spot, where a combination of factors results in a maximum response for a given amount of effort. The actual sweet spot on a racquet or bat is a very small area, where dispersing vibrations and spin in multiple directions are canceled out, resulting in a perfect contact point between incoming and outgoing energies.
Ashley Hay, The Railwayman's Wife|Such fascinating things, libraries. She closes her eyes. She couldwalk inside and step into a murder, a love story, a complete accountof somebody else’s life, or mutiny on the high seas. Such potential;such adventure—there’s a shimmer of malfeasance in trying otherways of being.
J.I. Packer|We should not...think of our fellowship with other Christians as a spiritual luxury, an optional addition to the exercises of private devotion. We should recognise rather that such fellowship is a spiritual necessity, for God has made us in such a way that our fellowship with himself is fed by our fellowship with fellow Christians, and requires to be so fed constantly for its own deepening and enrichment.
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|I’m nobody’s sidekick,” Annabeth growled. “And, Percy, his accent sounds familiar because he sounds like his mother. We killed her in New Jersey.”Percy frowned. “I’m pretty sure that accent isn’t New Jersey. Who’s his—? Oh.”It all fell into place. Aunty Em’s Garden Gnome Emporium—the lair of Medusa. She’d talked with that same accent, at least until Percy had cut off her 
Elisabeth Elliot, Discipline: The Glad Surrender|Work is a blessing. God has so arranged the world that work is necessary, and He gives us hands and strength to do it. The enjoyment of leisure would be nothing if we had only leisure. It is the joy of work well done that enables us to enjoy rest, just as it is the experiences of hunger and thirst that make food and drink such pleasures.
James Sallis, Ghost of a Flea|The dam of my eyes broke, and tears flooded the land.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|In Egyptian Arabic, the word 'insan' means 'human'. If we remove the 'n', the word becomes 'insa', which means 'to forget'. So you see, the word 'forget' is taken from the word 'human'. And since it was God who created our minds and hearts, He knew from the very beginning that we would quickly forget our history, only to keep repeating the same mistakes over and over again. So the ultimate test of every human is to seek wisdom. After all, wisdom is gained from having a good memory. Only after we have passed this test will we evolve to become better humans. Man is only a forgetful mortal, but God — He sees, hears and remembers everything.
Mother Angelica|Thriving economies on both sides of the border is a win-win for Arizona and Mexico, but that will only come by working together and demonstrating mutual respect.
Pet Torres, Robbed Virginity|I thought he was an angel in black clothes, but in fact, he is the demon in person," ~Emily
Amos Oz, Jews and Words|Never invite someone who is speaking a foreign language in your presence to "Go back to your country." The only time that phrase is every acceptable is if you are British and you are speaking to Madonna.
Laurie Halse Anderson, Wintergirls|Why are you being so mean?""Friends tell friends the truth.""yeah, but not to hurt, to help.
Grace Willows|The heavy rain dripped off his thick leather hat and sloshed on the dry hard ground. To someone with a soul, it might have been peaceful, pretty, even to watch the drops bounce and form graceful puddles before they disappeared into the cracks in the Earth.Daniel Marlin merely cursed. He only saw the weather as another delay before they could rescue their brother from jail. He turned the horse back into the copse of trees, hating to admit defeat.
Micheline Jean Louis|To the wonders of all things, we fall and then we are reborn
Lilith Saintcrow|You're my friend, Danny. You understand? There's no debt between friends."Maybe it's just that the debt gets so high you stop counting it.
Vir Das|I believe that if you work hard at a relationship, devoting time and energy to it, being willing to grow and experiment, and never take it for granted, that you can continue to feel the initial attraction and excitement indefinitely.
Janice Dickinson|My dad was a homicide cop in the gay neighborhood in the city when gay neighborhoods were desperate, depressing, sad places run by the mob. The only gay people he'd met when I came out to him were corpses.
Paulo Coelho, Brida|Fairy tales had been her first experience of the magical universe, and more than once she had wondered why people ended up distancing themselves from that world, knowing the immense joy that childhood had brought to their lives.
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni, Queen of Dreams|For a wise man, I have been told, once said, ‘Gratitude is best and most effective when it does not evaporate in empty phrases.’ But alas, my lady, I am but a mass of empty phrases, it would seem.
Barry Unsworth, Sacred Hunger|The mind is constituted to accept the god of the more powerful. If you have to choose between the god of the slave owner and the god of the enslaved, naturally you will choose the former . . .
Lailah Gifty Akita|Sweetheart, my heart is your home, you can always stay there.
Albert Camus, The Fall|Yes, one can wager war in this world, ape love, torture one’s fellow man, or merely say evil of one’s neighbor while knitting. But, in certain cases, carrying on, merely continuing, is superhuman.
Bertrand De Jouvenel, Sovereignty|The modern absolutism, which we find the most natural thing in the world, would have been quite beyond the dreams of the most absolute of kings.
Cassandra Clare|I don’t believe this. This is utter shit!” I yelled.“Does it look like I’m lying?” Steven asked.I rolled my eyes at his incredibly stupid question, “I don’t know. Let me look at you with my x-ray vision to see through this stupid blindfold and I’ll get back to you.
Nas|I try to meditate every morning. It relaxes me, clears my mind, and sets my day off on the right foot before things get too manic.
Deborah Day, BE HAPPY NOW!|You will be your best self when you take time to understand what you really need, feel and want.
Scott Lynch, The Lies of Locke Lamora|That's very kind of you," she said bitterly, for she no longer believed in kindness. "And you're willing to do this...why? Because you're fond of helping others?""I'm fond of revenge," the dragon answered.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Baby, you must dance to the music of your soul!
John Caudwell|I hate jealousy, I hate possessiveness. I'm nobody's possession.
Sarah Kane, 4.48 Psychosis|I will become an ocean and make you my greatest secret ever, I'll keep thousands of demons to guard my secret. I'll create storms that none has ever seen. I will lure everyone to the darkest sides and will destroy them if they try to reach you and see what I am hiding back in my heart.
Tom Robbins, Still Life with Woodpecker|When two people meet and fall in love, there's a sudden rush of magic. Magic is just naturally present then. We tend to feed on that gratuitous magic without striving to make any more. One day we wake up and find that the magic is gone. We hustle to get it back, but by then it's usually too late, we've used it up. What we have to do is work like hell at making additional magic right from the start. It's hard work, but if we can remember to do it, we greatly improve our chances of making love stay.
Eliezer Yudkowsky, Harry Potter and the Methods of Rationality|Then you get the wrong answer and you can't go to the Moon that way! Nature isn't a person, you can't trick them into believing something else, if you try to tell the Moon it's made of cheese you can argue for days and it won't change the Moon! What you're talking about is rationalization, like starting with a sheet of paper, moving straight down to the bottom line, using ink to write 'and therefore, the Moon is made of cheese', and then moving back up to write all sorts of clever arguments above. But either the Moon is made of cheese or it isn't. The moment you wrote the bottom line, it was already true or already false. Whether or not the whole sheet of paper ends up with the right conclusion or the wrong conclusion is fixed the instant you write down the bottom line.
Clark H. Pinnock, Flame of Love: A Theology of the Holy Spirit|Faith, to my mind, is a stiffening process, a sort of mental starch, which ought to be applied as sparingly as possible. I dislike the stuff. I do not believe in it, for its own sake, at all... My lawgivers are Erasmus and Montaigne, not Moses and St Paul. My temple stands not upon Mount Moriah but in the Elysian Field where even the immoral are admitted. My motto is 'Lord, I disbelieve — help thou my unbelief.
Douglas Woolf, Wall to Wall|He looks a hell of a lot like me, only a fair bit older.
Emily Thorne|Like life, revenge can be a messy business... And both would be much simpler if only our heads could figure out which way our hearts will go. But the heart has its reasons, of which reason cannot know.
Nomthandazo Tsembeni|A child who was born with a silver spoon is likely to not appreciate all he is provided with.And it is likely that a child who grew up from the dust to look down on others once the floods gate of success opens up for him.It is NOT where you come FROM that matters,But where you are GOING.
June Jordan|I am a feminist, and what that means to me is much the same as the meaning of the fact that I am Black; it means that I must undertake to love myself and to respect myself as though my very life depends upon self-love and self-respect.
Michael Hyatt, Living Forward: A Proven Plan to Stop Drifting and Get the Life You Want|The more belief and confidence we feel toward achieving our goal, the higher the probability of our making the changes required to hit our targets.
Chris Farley|Bakers get excited over aprons. I love the soft cotton ones with pockets like my gramma and mom wore. They always kept a hankie tucked in one pocket, which wasn't sanitary, but was comforting to the child who needed a tear or nose wiped.
José Saramago, Blindness|Inside us there is something that has no name, that something is what we are.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|Jo dimaag ki dahi banaaye, uski lassi kardo, aur chill maro. (If someone makes curd of your brain then churn them to buttermilk and chill).
Anonymous|When I met Jean  I felt God reach down out of the sky  pull my hair  and say  "This one  dummy."
Midge Noble|Today is WOUND FREE WEDNESDAY! You start to feel it during the Holiday season; a tug in your heart, the friction within your soul, all the past complicated feelings that rise up. Choose to stay in the moment with the life you are living NOW instead of allowing the past to dictate you choices, feelings, and responses. Be love, be compassion, rise above the past and stay in the moment. BE the GRATITUDE that is within you.
Kaley Cuoco|When I was younger, I used to bite my nails so bad. I used to play sports; I played, like, every sport. I would be playing soccer, and I'd be in the middle of the field just zoned out, biting my nails, and I'd, like, miss the ball going past me.
Abhijit Naskar|A sex worker deserves a billion times more respect, than the mystical fraudsters of the society, such as astrologers, psychics and tarot card readers.
Martin Amis, Money|I can call spirits from the vasty deep."Why so can I, or so can any man. But will they come when you do call for them?
Audrey Carlan, January|I'm not any kind of girl. I don't need man, but I don't hate romance. I think I'm kinda obsessed with romance, really, which is probably why I'm still single. -Mia
Dean Koontz, Odd Thomas|Like all beings, I will eventually add my energy and matter and light to the fabric of the universe, a single strand in its amazing tapestry.
Anne Rice|Having solved all the major mathematical, physical, chemical, biological, sociological, philosophical, etymological, meteorological and psychological problems of the Universe except for his own, three times over, [Marvin] was severely stuck for something to do, and had taken up composing short dolorous ditties of no tone, or indeed tune. The latest one was a lullaby.Marvin d
Prosper Mérimée, Carmen|I'll follow you, even to death—but I won't live with you any more.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|The holiest place on Earth, is not a temple or a church, but our relationship to one another.
Michael    Hutchison, Stop It! - 7 Mistakes to Avoid When Starting Your Relationship Marketing Business|I don't care about the good grades in school, All I want is to do what I want to do because I know that at the end of our journey in this world, We will end up the same. Yes! you might get a good job if you focus on your studies but remember, We will end up the same at the "very end". It's just like the Rich and the Poor and the Uneducated and Educated person, All will end up to death. You might say that you will have a better life and a tons of money in the future if you finish your studies, Oh! I will say yes if that's how you mean or understand the value of your life. But remember, The only thing that can make everyone happy is to live.
Sharon Law Tucker|Five acts - humility, gratitude, vegetarianism, yearning, and crying - get you "It". Have you tried it?
Maka Albarn|There are three things in life...not worrying what they are, not caring what others may think they are, and enjoying the wonder of what they might be.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|I feel like a big faker because I've been putting my life back together, and nobody knows.
Napoleon Hill|A genius is simply one who has taken full possession of his own mind and directed it toward objectives of his own choosing, without permitting outside influences to discourage or mislead him.
Adrienne Rich|The clouds above us join and separate,The breeze in the courtyard leaves and returns.Life is like that, so why not relax?Who can stop us from celebrating?
Osho, Creativity: Unleashing the Forces Within|The creative person has to dissolve all should and should nots. He needs freedom and space, vast space; he needs the whole sky and all the stars. Only then can his innermost spontaneity start growing.
Jay Asher, Thirteen Reasons Why|Suicide. It's something I've been thinking about. Not too seriously, but I have been thinking about it.” That's the note. Word for word. And I know it's word for word because I wrote it dozens of times before delivering it. I'd write it, throw it away, write it, crumple it up, throw it away.But why was I writing it to begin with? I asked myself that question every time I printed the words onto a new sheet of paper. Why was I writing this note? It was a lie. I hadn't been thinking about it. Not really. Not in detail. The thought would come into my head and I'd push it away.But I pushed it away a lot.
Orson Scott Card|Ethan Wyeth: I hope you're thirsty."Gideon Wyeth:"Why?"Ethan: "Cause your dumb and ugly, but I can do something about thirsty.
Herbert A. Wise, Great Tales of Terror and the Supernatural|She was lost now, she'd been silenced- another dead branch on Cordova's warped tree.
Thor Olafson|Their [plant secondary compounds] healthful effects in humans, however, are not well understood, in part because things in nature like coriander and basil can't be patented so there isn't a lot of money being thrown at them, and in part because long-term studies that measure small effects of low doses are expensive and don't yield the kind of unambiguous, major effects you get with pharmaceuticals, but mainly because preventions are never as exciting as cures.
Amanda Lang|That women bring home the bacon, fry it up, serve it for breakfast, and use its greasy remains to make candles for their children's science projects is hardly news. Yet how parenting responsibilities get sorted out under these conditions remains unresolved.
Tyra Banks|It's usually my mom who gets on me about my facial hair. I can't grow a good mustache, so I guess it's just a neck beard. I just have trouble growing up there.
Milan Kundera, Farewell Waltz|In a novel, you'll find yourself in a world of possibilities. You'll find shelter there.
Conn Iggulden, Conqueror|..More choices in a limited time didn't mean didn't mean you could do everything-it meant that you could do anything, so you probably did nothing, frozen with indecision.
Penelope Ward, Stepbrother Dearest|out of sight, out of mind, right? That motto is just atemporary fix—until you’re forced to come face to face with what you’ve been running from. That’s whenthe mental walls you’ve built to hide behind come crashing down in one hard blow.
Stephen Richards|When others walk away from a lost cause, then that is the time you can step in and seize success.
Michael Schudson, Discovering The News: A Social History Of American Newspapers|They sit beside each other on one of the sofas, Warwick leaning forward with his elbows on his knees, Joanne resting back with her arms behind her head. Never known as advocates of establishmentarianism, they have been applauded, ridiculed, and misunderstood by the media, and, in particular, criticized for their avarice. They have agreed to do this interview without "cabbage" (payment), but generally charge ten to twenty thousand dollars for the privilege. Even so, why should they be castigated for exploiting a medium that has exploited them? They see the situation simply enough: quid pro quo, and hold the mustard.
Benjamin Brindise|The world's full of wonder, he said. Or at least horror that looks wondrous from afar.
Stendhal, The Red and the Black|There are many more layers to innocence than one might ever imagine, and we are ever unaware of them until each barrier is breached.
Olivia Laing, The Lonely City: Adventures in the Art of Being Alone|[of Nan Goldin] In an afterword to Ballad written in 2012, she declared: ‘I decided as a young girl I was going to leave a record of my life and experience that no one could rewrite or deny.
Charles de Leusse|Above the sky, everything is beautiful, but alone. (Au-dessus du ciel, - Tout est beau, mais seul)
M.J. Rose, Seduction|Seeing yourself in print is such an amazing concept: you can get so much attention without having to actually show up somewhere. While others who have something to say or who want to be effectual, like musicians or baseball players or politicians, have to get out there in front of people, writer who tend to be shy, get to stay at home and still be public.
Dexter Palmer, The Dream of Perpetual Motion|In the middle of all the world's incessant noise, her message was music, and music was a thing that I'd mostly lived my life without. In the ten years since I'd last seen Miranda she'd come to somehow stand in for all the things I didn't have in life that were thought to make us human, all the absent music and touch and sympathy; in my mind she lived a separate life apart from her real one, and there she grew more pure and perfect with each passing day . . . In my mind Miranda had become a miracle.
George Eliot, Adam Bede|The most fascinating thing to me about your letter is that buried beneath all the anxiety and sorrow and fear and self-loathing, there’s arrogance at its core. It presumes you should be successful at twenty-six, when really it takes most writers much longer to get there.
Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland & Through the Looking-Glass|Where should I go?" -Alice. "That depends on where you want to end up." - The Cheshire Cat.
Paulo Coelho, The Witch Of Portobello|Ah, a breath of fresh air: reasonable faith!!!"~R. Alan Woods [2013]
Jim Butcher, Changes|Lea stood upon a fallen log ahead of us, staring ahead. Mouse walked up to her.Gggrrrr rawf arrrgggrrrrarrrr," I said.Mouse gave me an impatient glance, and somehow--I don't know if it was something in his body language or what--I became aware that he was telling me to sit down and shut up or he'd come over and make me.I sat down. Something in me really didn't like that idea, but when I looked around, I saw that everyone else had done it too, and that made me feel better.Mouse said, again in what sounded like perfectly clear English, "Funny. Now restore them."Lea turned to look at the big dog and said, "Do you dare to give me commands, hound?"Not your hound," Mouse said. I didn't know how he was doing it. His mouth wasn't moving or anything. "Restore them before I rip your ass off. Literally rip it off."The Leanansidhe tilted her head back and let out a low laugh. "You are far from your sources of power here, my dear demon."I live with a wizard. I cheat." He took a step toward her and his lips peeled up from his fangs in unmistakable hostility. "You want to restore them? Or do I kill you and get them back that way?"Lea narrowed her eyes. Then she said, "You're bluffing."One of the big dog's huge, clawed paws dug at the ground, as if bracing him for a leap, and his growl seemed to . . . I looked down and checked. It didn't seem to shake the ground. The ground was actually shaking for several feet in every direction of the dog. Motes of blue light began to fall from his jaws, thickly enough that it looked quite a bit like he was foaming at the mouth. "Try me."The Leanansidhe shook her head slowly. Then she said, "How did Dresden ever win you?"He didn't," Mouse said. "I won him.
Dada Bhagwan|When people break off relationships, they break them both from the outside and from within. The external spoils because of circumstances, but the inner [inside] must not spoil.
Mango Wodzak, The Eden Fruitarian Guidebook|Pharmaceutical quick fixes are not what you need, you must face up to your symptoms and acknowledge this is not just random victimisation. Every symptom has its reasons.
Karen Quan, Write like no one is reading|Laziness is the mother of all bad habits, but ultimately she is a mother and we should respect her
David Hume|It is an absurdity to believe that the Deity has human passions, and one of the lowest of human passions, a restless appetite for applause
Eilis O'Neal, The False Princess|So that’s our approach. Very simple, and we’re really shooting for Museum of Modern Art quality. The way we’re running the company, the product design, the advertising, it all comes down to this: Let’s make it simple. Really simple.” Apple’s design mantra would remain the one featured on its first brochure: “Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.
Lily James|My microphone went out in the 2009 Tony Awards. It was my big moment, and I was so excited to perform and lead the cast; I sang 'Sit Down, You're Rockin' the Boat.' Every actor dreams of standing front and center on the Tony Awards, and I start to sing, and you hear this crackling. I had no idea what to do - were they going to stop a live telecast?
Debasish Mridha|To expand your world, love everyone even when no one is perfect.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|People who lack the clarity, courage, or determination to follow their own dreams will often find ways to discourage yours. When you change for the better, the people around you will be inspired to change also....but only after doing their best to make you stop. Live your truth and don't EVER stop.
Samuel Gyekye Mensah|There's a light, a light of hope, to break, destroy, recreat, unite and reform grounds of a future, our sustenance. And until that light shines so bright, we the people, our generation will forever March on to failure, otherwise eternal victory is assured!!!!!!!!
Andy Biersack|The moment we believe that success is determined by an ingrained level of ability as opposed to resilience and hard work, we will be brittle in the face of adversity.
Bikash Bhandari|The word "Wisdom" was for the people who have high level of inferiority complex and who are battling with some hard times.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Life Together: The Classic Exploration of Christian Community|you don’t have to live in community long to realize that lives which are blessed and instructive are still flawed. The grace of the gospel isn’t only that the Word was made flesh in Jesus, but also that the eternal Word is made present in weak and wonderful people.
Martin Heidegger, Being and Time|Even in expecting, one leaps away from the possible and gets a footing in the real. It is for its reality that what is expected is expected. By the very nature of expecting, the possible is drawn into the real, arising from it and returning to it.
Ramana Maharshi|Eating a high-nutrient diet actually makes you more satisfied with less food, and actually gives the ability to enjoy food more without overeating.
Unarine Ramaru|When you love something, you seek to learn its primitive form and also its concentrated form.
Sierra Dean, Keeping Secret|Only bad books have good endings.if a book is any good, its ending is always bad_because byou don't want the book to end.
Hank Bracker|Juan Ponce de LeónOn April 2, 1513, according to legend while searching for the Fountain of Youth, Ponce de León discovered Florida. In actual fact, it was more likely that he was out seeking the gold that the Indians were always talking about. The Indians encouraged this sort of talk, in the high hopes of keeping the conquistadors away from them as far as possible. Returning to Spain in 1514, Ponce de León was recognized for his service to the crown and was knighted. Given his own coat of arms, he became the first conquistador to be honored in this way.Although Ponce de León did bring back a substantial amount of gold, much of it had been stolen from the Indians that he had enslaved. In 1521 Ponce de León set out from Puerto Rico to colonize Florida. He commanded a flotilla of two ships containing about 200 men. In this case his exploratory party was peaceful and included farmers, priests and craftsmen. However he was attacked by Calusa braves, a tribe of Indians who lived on the coast and along the rivers and inner waterways of Florida’s southwestern coast.In the skirmish, Ponce de León was wounded when an arrow, believed to have been dipped into the sap of the “Manchineel Tree,” also called Poison Guava, pierced his thigh. After fending off this attack, he and the colonists retreated to Havana, where in July of 1521, he succumbed to his wound and died. In 1559 his body was moved from Cuba and taken to San Juan, Puerto Rico, where he was interred in the crypt of San José Church. In 1836, his remains were exhumed and transferred to the larger, more impressive Cathedral of San Juan Bautista in San Juan. They have remained at this urban, hillside church until this day.This information is from Captain Hank Bracker’s award winning book “The Exciting Story of Cuba” available from Amazon.com and other fine book vendors. Follow, like and share Captain Hank Bracker’s daily blogs & commentaries.
Debasish Mridha|Live like the universe is your beloved home, love like everyone is your closest friend.
George Saunders, Lincoln in the Bardo|Trap. Horrible trap. At one’s birth it is sprung. Some last day must arrive. When you will need to get out of this body. Bad enough. Then we bring a baby here. The terms of the trap are compounded. That baby also must depart. All pleasures should be tainted by that knowledge. But hopeful dear us, we forget. Lord, what is this?
David  Holdsworth, Angelos|The problem with churches of all sorts,” he continued, “is that so often they ignore the key teachings of the Sermon on the Mount, like the doctrine of love. So often we ask God to be on our side instead of asking that we be blessed enough to be on his. That said, the wheat and the tares must grow up together, and in the days of harvest they will be separated properly.
Mœbius|Management cares about only one thing. Paperwork. They will forgive almost anything else - cost overruns, gross incompetence, criminal indictments - as long as the paperwork's filled out properly. And in on time.
Robert Lupton|We are, all of us, utterly committed and deeply devoted to our "style", our "way", our "approach to life." We have absolutely no intention of giving it up. Not even for love. So God creates an environment where we have to. It's called marriage.
Alan Chains, Return to Island X|The enemy of humanism is not faith; the enemy of humanism is hate, is fear, is ignorance, is the darker part of man that is in every humanist, every person, in the world. That is the thing we have to fight. Faith is something we have to embrace. Faith in God is believing absolutely in something with no proof whatsoever. Faith in humanity means believing absolutely in something with a huge amount of proof to the contrary.
Anton Chekhov, Ivanov|Lebedev: France has a clear and defined policy... The French know what they want. They just want to wipe out the Krauts, finish, but Germany, my friend, is playing a very different tune. Germany has many more birds in her sights than just France...Shabelsky: Nonsense! ...In my view the German are cowards and the French are cowards... They're just thumbing their noses at each other. Believe me, things will stop there. They won't fight.Borkin: And as I see it, why fight? What's the point of these armaments, congresses, expenditures? You know what I'd do? I'd gather together dogs from all over the country, give them a good dose of rabies and let them loose in enemy country. In a month all my enemies would be running rabid.
Arash Tabish|As I went back alone over that familiar road, I could almost believe that a boy and girl ran along beside me, as our shadows used to do, laughing and whispering to each other in the grass.
Robert A. Heinlein|Almost any sect, cult, or religion will legislate its creed into law if it acquires the political power to do so.
Frederik Pohl|That tank," Bucktooth pointed at the gas gauge on the dashboard of the decidedly unfredneck-like '65 Dodge Dart, "is almost empty. We ain't going much farther."	"Indeed it is." A solemn Phosphate agreed. "I suggest we stop the car and weigh our options."	"What options?" Professor Buckley asked. "Why do-that is- we've been traveling up and down this path for over an hour without seeing anyone or encountering anything. Even the doughnut shop cannot be relocated. In light of this, what options do we have?"	It was difficult to argue with the ex-history teacher's typically alarmist position. Brisbane's reliable old automobile had indeed been expending its remaining fuel supply in what seemed to be a hopeless effort to exit the unnamed dirt path. After leaving the doughnut shop and the blonde presidential descendant who worked there, they'd been unable to find DeMohrenschildt Lane again, or any other side street.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|Then she did something so unexpected Nico would later think he dreamed it. She walked up to Nico, who was standing to one side in the shadows, as usual. She grabbed his hand and pulled him gently into the firelight. ‘We had one home,’ she said. ‘Now we have two.’ She gave Nico a big hug and the crowd roared with approval. For once, Nico didn’t feel like pulling away. He buried his face in Reyna’s shoulder and blinked the tears out of his eyes.
John M Sheehan|Does the silents of love cry out in your heart today? Words that can not be spoken, calling out to you; a voice so tender and sweet wanting to tell you the secrets of life, crying out to you with a love so deep. It's the voice of the Father wanting to embrace you with all that He is, just say yes Lord I hear!
John Rampton|I had this attitude, that Silicon Valley obnoxious attitude, that I know what I'm doing, and the rest was going to be pretty easy.
Richard Griffiths|I first decided to become an actor at school. A teacher gave us a play to do and that had a major impact. At first, I wanted to work in the theatre, but there was something about the ambience of film, especially American films, that always attracted me.
Ayaan Hirsi Ali, Nomad: From Islam to America: A Personal Journey Through the Clash of Civilizations|Whoever says that all music is prohibited, let him also claim that the songs of birds are prohibited.
|If you direct your beliefs and thoughts to always work in your favor, nothing else from the outside would succeed in dethroning you from the throne of your God's given destiny.
Michael Connelly, The Brass Verdict|Los Angeles was the kind of place where everybody was from somewhere else and nobody really droppped anchor. It was a transient place. People drawn by the dream, people running from the nightmare. Twelve million people and all of them ready to make a break for it if necessary. Figuratively, literally, metaphorically -- any way you want to look at it -- everbody in L.A. keeps a bag packed. Just in case.
Hannah Hart, Buffering: Unshared Tales of a Life Fully Loaded|Mental illnesses grab you by the leg, screaming, and chow you down whole.They make you selfish. They make you irrational. They make you irrational. They make you self-absorbed. They make you needy. They make you cancel plans last minute. They make you not very fun to spend time with. They make you exhausting to be near.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Those who are weak in spirit, desire to make others weaker.While the strong spirit, desire to empower others to be stronger.
Oscar Ameringer|politics is the gentle art of getting votes from the poor and campaign funds from the rich, by promising to protect each from the other.
Aishwarya Rai Bachchan|I was such a sullen, angry, sad kid. I'm sure there are writers who have had happy childhoods, but what are you going to write about? No ghosts, no fear. I'm very happy that I had an unhappy and uncomfortable childhood.
Bill Gates|The names are bigger, the show is worldwide, but I get a royal pass into life in the broadcasting business.
Patricia Highsmith, Strangers on a Train|But there were too many points at which the other self could invade the self he wanted to preserve, and there were too many forms of invasion: certain words, sounds, lights, actions his hands or feet performed, and if he did nothing at all, heard and saw nothing, the shouting of some triumphant inner voice that shocked him and cowed him.
Ben Thompson|Dear little Swallow,’ said the Prince, ‘you tell me of marvelous things, but more marvelous than anything is the suffering of men and of women. There is no Mystery so great as Misery.
Anuj Kr. Thakur|Any of the girl never ever commit when her intention is to cheat You. So, I cannot compromise my respect for your love. You can keep your love, I will keep my respect
AainaA-Ridtz, The Sacred Key — Transcending Humanity|Be formless. As long as your "I" is asserted, it will be an idol of worship
J.D. Stroube, Caged by Damnation|Even knowing that my presence brought a shadow over the lives of my loved ones, I can't regret the experiences I've had with them. They gave me life, becoming an integral part of my soul. They healed me when I was broken and somehow they recovered those parts of me, I thought lost forever.
Rosanna Leo, The Selkie|No more men. I swear it. They’re nothing but trouble. Them, and their damned penises.
Gabrielle Tozer, Faking It|I dress to withstand the elements. I dress to be as interesting as the Tate. I dress to insert myself into social strata, to be accepted, to pass.
Moderata Fonte, The Worth of Women: Wherein Is Clearly Revealed Their Nobility and Their Superiority to Men|Do you really believe ... that everything historians tell us about men – or about women – is actually true? You ought to consider the fact that these histories have been written by men, who never tell the truth except by accident.
Leon Max|When the Nobel award came my way, it also gave me an opportunity to do something immediate and practical about my old obsessions, including literacy, basic health care and gender equity, aimed specifically at India and Bangladesh.
Yukiru Sugisaki|Anything can happen to anyone at any time and you shouldn't just live through the days, or you lose them. You should do what you can to enjoy every moment.
Ramakrishna, Sayings of Sri Ramakrishna|Only two kinds of people can attain self-knowledge: those who are not encumbered at all with learning, that is to say, whose minds are not over-crowded with thoughts borrowed from others; and those who, after studying all the scriptures and sciences, have come to realise that they know nothing.
Alice Walker|The absence of models, in literature as in life, to say nothing of painting, is an occupational hazard for the artist, simply because models in art, in behavior, in growth of spirit and intellect--even if rejected--enrich and enlarge one's view of existence. Deadlier still, to the artist who lacks models, is the curse of ridicule, the bringing to bear on an artist's best work, especially his or her most original, most strikingly deviant, only a fund of ignorance and the presumption that as an artist's critic one's judgement is free of the restrictions imposed by prejudice, and is well informed, indeed, about all the art in the world that really matters.
Laura Moser|I hope that in future Congresses there will reemerge a recognition that climate change is a reality, that our policies to meet our energy needs must also deal responsibly with environmental issues, including the damage caused by greenhouse gas emissions.
Paul Klee|One eye sees, the other feels.
Stever Robbins, Get-It-Done Guy's 9 Steps to Work Less and Do More|Asking why you are doing something serves as a check and always moves your focus back to the big picture. Asking why helps you find out if your actions have come unglued from your goals. In theory, you could do this as often as every day, reviewing your to-do list to make sure it ties to your bigger goals. In my perfect fantasy world, I check my actions against my goals every day. In real life, once a week or once every other week is more realistic.
Steven J. Carroll, Worlds Unending|Deeds of heroism are wrought here more than those of romance, when, defying torture, and braving death itself, the fugitive voluntarily threads his way back to the terrors and perils of that dark land, that he may bring out his sister, or mother, or wife.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|Jewish families encourage pursuit of wealth accumulation, high-income careers, and investing.
Sabrina Jeffries, A Dangerous Love|Trying to rewrite the past was a child's game, a pointless, ridiculous child's game no one ever won.
Kamand Kojouri|They tell us the only way to move on is to forget.“Forgive,” they say.Realise that you deserve better.That maybe they deserve better.You can't fight fire with fire.Extinguish it once and for all."Do not look back," they say.They don't tell you that only one thing is needed. Only one:love.When you are filled to the brim with love,you only emanate love.You become lover and love itself.Only then will you love even the very people you wish to hate.
Mika Yamamori|The thing that is changing...Is it my surroundings, or myself?
Sarah Ruhl, In the Next Room, or the vibrator play|Do you think we make sad things into songs in order to hold on to the sadness or to banish it—I think it is to banish the sadness. So then if you write a happy song, is it not sadder than a sad song because by making it you have banished your own happiness into a song?
Felix Frankfurter|Crack had a social logic to it, a specific kind of reasoning that drew from a vast well of common experience for its symbolic resonance. Crack stood for pain and power, chaos and order, the truth behind the lie. Crack was a sociolegal logic grounded in blood.
Steve Goodier|And here's the surprising truth: As you gaze at yourself in the mirror held by another, you will see far more than your flaws. You also will see the beauty that is uniquely you; beauty that others see clearly and you may hardly know exists. That is also part of the truth about you.
Richard Dawkins|All interpretation or observation of reality is necessarily fiction. In this case, the problem is that man is a moral animal abandoned in an amoral universe and condemned to a finite existence with no other purpose than to perpetuate the natural cycle of the species. It is impossible to survive in a prolonged state of reality, at least for a human being. We spend a good part of our lives dreaming, especially when we're awake. As I said, pure biology.
Kristin Cashore, Graceling|They seemed no closer to the tops of the peaks that rose before them. It was only by looking back, to the forest far below, that she knew they'd climbed.
Libba Bray, The Sweet Far Thing|Peace is not happenstance. It is a living fire that must be fed constantly. It must be tended to with vigilance, else it dies out.
Michael Oehley|That was when things got weird. You may have thought things were weird already, but this was uber-weird
Candace Bushnell|China and the U.S. are two societies with very different attitudes towards opinion and criticism. In China, I am constantly under surveillance. Even my slightest, most innocuous move can - and often is - censored by Chinese authorities.
A.C. Grayling|If there is a deity of the kind imagined by votaries of the big mail-order religions such as Christianity and Islam, and if this deity is the creator of all things, then it is responsible for cancer, meningitis, millions of spontaneous abortions everyday, mass killings of people in floods and earthquakes-and too great mountain of other natural evils to list besides. It would also,as the putative designer of human nature, ultimately be responsible or the ubiquitous and unbeatable human propensities for hatred, malice, greed, and all other sources of the cruelty and murder people inflict on each other hourly.
Jackie Chan|I've never done online dating, but first of all, I have a book out called 'Make It Last Forever: The Do's and The Dont's,' which led me to do the online dating thing. A lot of people respect my relationship songs, so they can pretty much trust me.
Andrew Forrest|I utterly reject the view that the Third World is doomed to poverty and starvation. Not only is this wrong, I think this attitude verges on the immoral, like thinking that slavery is an unalterable facet of the human condition so why bother doing anything about it?
Selwyn Duke|The [women's] march was pointless, classless, and brainless, but not harmless. One common theme was anger at certain crass comments Trump made in the past. To combat this, the march’s leaders and their lemmings decided to be crude, lewd, and even more crass in the present. It’s much like trying to correct your child’s cursing by cursing him out.
Ann Brashares, The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants|If this hast been done to language, I fear to know the fate of all else.
Carol Ann Duffy, Rapture|Lost in the impossible pleasure of finding that soul and body that fits up perfectly to yours, lost in the starburst patterns that wait behind their eyelids when all that matters is that they are both here, now, for as long as they can be.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|People think entrepreneurs are all about fame and money. I was never in for either. And, will never be. This is a much bigger fight.
Sanaya Roman, Living with Joy: Keys to Personal Power and Spiritual Transformation|Truly powerful people have great humility. They do not try to impress, they do not try to be influential. They simply are. People are magnetically drawn to them. They are most often very silent and focused, aware of their core selves. ... They never persuade, nor do they use manipulation or aggressiveness to get their way. They listen. If there is anything they can offer to assist you, they offer it; if not, they are silent.
Madison Thorne Grey, Magnificence|Kathel did not back down at all. "Well, Keirah told me she was suddenly unattached, if you know what I mean. And I figured, what the hell, why not have a go at her myself," Kathel said enthusiastically.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|A human doesn't have a heart like mine. The human heart is a line, whereas my own is a circle, and I have the endless ability to be in the right place at the right time. The consequence of this is that I'm always finding humans at their best and worst. I see their ugly and their beauty, and I wonder how the same thing can be both. Still, they have one thing I envy. Humans, if nothing else, have the good sense to die.
Sarah Addison Allen, The Sugar Queen|Jealousy, that diseased crow pecking at your heart.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Our nation grew strong in an era when moral standards were emphasized, and it will grow weak when we condone that which we once condemned.
Andrea Bocelli|Playing a bad guy is always a freeing experience, because you don't have the same envelope of restrictions as you have playing a good guy. Good guys restrain themselves; they kind of have their moral fiber cut out for them in varying degrees.
Michael Patrick King|I'm sorry, but I can't make a movie with the blonde from 'ER' who is starring in every single bad romantic comedy.
Sloane Crosley, I Was Told There'd Be Cake|Weddings are friendship deal breakers if the friendship is weak. There are too many favors, too many tasks, too much required devotion and Aqua Net for imposters like me. I tried to make eye contact with Francine, to give her a knowing good-bye smile like a ghost of a loved one in a movie. It was no usue, I decided to cut my final pink wire. There would be no more yearly "happy birthdays" and certainly no more bonding with the girl in the duct tape dress. That ship had sailed.
Muhammad Iqbal|Pleasure and freedom from pain, are the only things desirable as ends.
Savannah Stuart, Dangerous Craving|You're mine, Nissa." The words were guttural, strained.	She knew it. Deep inside her core the truth was there.
Elliot Richardson|When we talk about 9/11 and 26/11 - which is the shorthand for the Mumbai attacks in 2008 - we're talking about the most successful terrorist attacks in history. When you start trying to study the most successful event of its kind, it actually doesn't make for great fiction because there isn't the kind of failure in it that fiction thrives on.
Matthew Alan, What We Leave Behind|In the end, every person's life is a tough act to follow.
Elizabeth D. Marie, Chasing Cinders|It was not a comfortable Throne, this seat made of stone. But power was not supposed to be comfortable.
Lee Daniels|For those without money, the road to that treasure house of the imagination begins at the public library.
Jennifer Love Hewitt|Soon I knew the craft of experimental physics was beyond me - it was the sublime quality of patience - patience in accumulating data, patience with recalcitrant equipment - which I sadly lacked.
John le Carré, Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy|Aspire to decency. Practice civility toward one another. Admire and emulate ethical behavior wherever you find it. Apply a rigid standard of morality to your lives; and if, periodically, you fail ­ as you surely will ­ adjust your lives, not the standards.
Lois McMaster Bujold, Shards of Honour|Help other people ,help themselves
Ron Suskind, Confidence Men: Wall Street, Washington, and the Education of a President| Marriage isn't for everyone, however if you find the right co-pilot it's a great way to travel through life 
Carolyn Crane, Head Rush|Nothingever happened on this globe, for good, at which some people did not have their fill of laughter in the onset; and knowing that such as these would be blind anyway, he thought it quite as well that they should wrinkle up their eyes in grins, as have a malady in the less attractive forms.
Milan Ljubincic|Our life is frittered away by detail...Simplicity, simplicity, simplicity! I say, let our affairs be as two or three, and not a hundred or a thousand...Simplify, simplify!
Abraham Lincoln|A true Christian, who is born anew of the Spirit of Christ, is in the simplicity of Christ, and hath no strife or contention with any man about religion.
Saurabh Dudeja, Love You Forever Only In That Way|I’m not going to answer that because it’s ridiculous. I love you, Lainey. I've loved you from the day I met you, if not before, and I've loved you every day since. How could you even doubt that?
Susan Hampshire|I enjoy painting, cutting the lawn and working in the garden when I have time. That's therapy for me. I enjoy working with my hands.
Cynthia Patterson, It Had to Happen|You walk through the right way, you will be crowned.You walk through the wrong way, you will be drowned.
Colleen Houck|I felt overwhelmed. I didn’t expect a first kiss to be so…life altering. In a few brief moments, the rule book of my universe had been rewritten. Suddenly I was a brand new person. I was as fragile as a newborn, but instead of the doctor placing me in my mother’s arms, he’d put me in Ren’s. What would Ren do with me? Would he draw me near, soothe me, and teach me about this new world or would he reject me and tell the doctor there must be some mistake. There was no way to know. What a breakable and delicate thing a heart was, no wonder I’d kept mine locked away.
Beverley Price, Blood Bound|Everyone knows a Wixen when we smell one. You smell the prettiest, a mixture of strawberries, sex and deceit. Dior should bottle it.
Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet|You've been dreaming lies again, Susana.
Anne Campbell|If women really want equality, we have to wipe the slate clean. It no longer matters in the largest sense what men did to us for the last 200 or 300 years.
Michelle Cook-Hall, This Journey Is a Process|I don't care what it looks, I don't care what it feels like, I believe God.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|What helps people identify your Super Powers? Instead of hiring a personal PR firm to identify and promote your personal brand, ask yourself what strengths you want to be remembered by.
C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity|When you see a man led to prison say in your heart, "Mayhap he is escaping from a narrower prison." And when you see a man drunken say in your heart, "Mayhap he sought escape from something still more unbeautiful.
Jessica Khoury, The Forbidden Wish|Happy birthday,” he whispered, his breath landing warm and suddenly close to my lips, making my insides flip. And just as quickly as he’d surprised me with the cake, he kissed me, one frosting-covered hand moving from my hair to the back of my neck, the other solid and warm in the small of my back, pressing us together, my chest against his ribs, my hip bones just below his, the tops of our bare summer legs hot and touching. I stopped breathing. My eyes were closed and his mouth tasted like marzipan flowers and clove cigarettes, and in ten seconds the whole of my life was wrapped up in that one kiss, that one wish, that one secret that would forever divide my life into two parts. Up, down. Happy, sad. Shock, awe. Before, after. In that single moment, Matt, formerly known as friend, became something else entirely. I kissed him back. I forgot time. I forgot my feet. I forgot the people outside, waiting for us to rejoin the party. I forgot what happens when friends cross into this space. And if my lungs didn’t fill and my heart didn’t beat and my blood didn’t pump without my intervention, I would have forgotten about them, too. I could have stayed like that all night, standing in front of the sink, Matt’s black apple hair brushing my cheeks, heart thumping, lucky and forgetful…
Arabella Weir|I never count calories, but I eat so well.
Robert Louis Stevenson, The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde|We must consider what Miss. Fairfax quits, before we condemn her taste for what she goes to.
Hugh MacLeod, Ignore Everybody: and 39 Other Keys to Creativity|If you’re creative, if you can think independently, if you can articulate passion, if you can override the fear of being wrong, then your company needs you more than it ever did. And now your company can no longer afford to pretend that isn’t the case. So dust off your horn and start tooting.
Lisa Kleypas, Smooth Talking Stranger|You think I'd cheat on you?" I demanded with all the innocent outrage I could muster."With another guy, no. With a cheeseburger . . . in a heartbeat.
Amanda Howells, The Summer of Skinny Dipping|The surest way to hurt yourself is to give up on love, just because it didn’twork out the first time.
Jessica Valenti, The Purity Myth: How America's Obsession with Virginity is Hurting Young Women|According to the virginity movement, men have no self-control when it comes to anything sexual.
Luigina Sgarro|The last dead leaves of fall crackled underfoot, winter-crisp.
Ezra Pound|It is easier to lead men to combat, stirring up their passion, than to restrain them and direct them toward the patient labors of peace.
Kenny Werner, Effortless Mastery|Even in the privacy of our own thoughts, we can’t sow lies and reap truth.
John Burroughs|When I was growing up on our 53-acre dairy farm, we were obsessed with food; it was the center of our lives. We planted it, grew it, harvested it, peeled it, cooked it, served it, consumed it - endlessly, day after day, season after season.
Jean de la Fontaine|"Of what are you afraid  my child?" inquired the kindly teacher. "Oh  sir! the flowers  they are wild " replied the timid creature.
Douglas Coupland, JPod|You know what the best thing is about the end of the day? Tomorrow, it starts all over again.
Sarah Louise Delany|Don't ever doubt yourselves or waste a second of your life. It's too short, and you're too special.
Susan Andersen, Be My Baby|I don't want to stand in naked silence, pathetically unaware of how to be.
Marlena de Blasi, The Lady in the Palazzo: At Home in Umbria|It was Don Paolo's birthday and all the people of the village were gathered in the piazza to celebrate him. The band played, the wine flowed, the children danced, and, as he stood for a moment alone under the pergola, a little girl approached the the beloved priest. "But Don Paolo, are you not happy?" she asked him. "Of course I am happy," he assured the little girl. "Why, then, aren't you crying?
Madonna, Mr. Peabody's Apples|Gossip never goes away, no matter where you are in life.
Jane Hamilton, A Map of the World|I used to think if you fell from grace it was more likely than not the result of one stupendous error, or else an unfortunate accident. I hadn't learned that it can happen so gradually you don't lose your stomach or hurt yourself in the landing. You don't necessarily sense the motion. I've found it takes at least two and generally three things to alter the course of a life: You slip around the truth once, and then again, and one more time, and there you are, feeling, for a moment, that it was sudden, your arrival at the bottom of the heap.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|If you're capable of despising your own behavior, you might just love yourself.
Laurence Overmire, The One Idea That Saves The World: A Call to Conscience and A Call to Action|What is in your mind position or disposition your mind, body and spirit in the best or worst way. What you are yet to accept into your mind exposes your mind to and keep your mind on what you are yet to accept and what has not yet come into your mind least controls your mind, body and spirit. Mind your mind!
Debasish Mridha|A seeker ventures out to find beauty. When he is on the top of a mountain, he discovers that beauty is inside of his heart.
Catherine Carrigan, Unlimited Intuition NOW|Angels are all around us—everywhere andomnipresent. I consider them to be proof that God loves us, wants to protect us, and that he is always there.
Megan Frazer Blakemore, The Friendship Riddle|summer is in me—clouds and lakes of shadows, rippling under the trees
Rachel Hauck, The Writing Desk|This is the staff sergeant coming out," Kelly told Hagan quietly. "I'm used to it."Hagan looked him up and down, narrowing his eyes. "You come like a fire hose when he gives you an order, don't you?""Only if he tells me to," Kelly countered with a smirk.
Stephen King, Wolves of the Calla|With the aid of a minute correction - that of the dispersing lens - in a gold frame perched on her nose, Miranda can see into hell.
FishMeAnEXo|Kai kissed Sehun's lips one last time before letting Sehun rest his head on his arm. When Sehun caressed Kai's cheek, he realized that the boy's hand was colder than it had been just several minutes ago. Even then, he managed to smile. "Merry Christmas, Kai."'Merry Christmas, Sehun.' he tugged Sehun close until their foreheads brushed as he watched Sehun close his sleepy eyes just before Kai closed his.
David Ignatius|I think music should be the basis of an education, not just something you do once a week.
Fulton J. Sheen, Characters of the Passion: Lessons on Faith and Trust|No soul ever fell away from God without giving up prayer. Prayer is that which establishes contact with Divine Power and opens the invisible resources of heaven. However dark the way, when we pray, temptation can never master us. The first step downward in the average soul is the giving up of the practice of prayer, the breaking of the circuit with divinity, and the proclamation of one’s owns self sufficiency.
John Crowley, Engine Summer|Masochism is more widespread than we realize because it takes an attenuated form. The basic dynamism is as follows: a human being sees something bad which is coming as inevitable. There is no way he can halt the process; he is helpess. This sense of helplessness generates a need to gain some control over the impending pain -- any kind of control will do. This makes sense; the subjective feeling of helplessness is more painful than the impending misery. So the person seizes control over the situation in the only way open to him: he connives to bring on the impending misery; he hastens it. This activity on his part promotes the false impression that he enjoys pain. Not so. It is simply that he cannot any longer endure the helplessness or the supposed helplessness. But in the process of gaining control over the inevitable misery he becomes, automatically, anhedonic. Anhedonia sets in stealthily. Over the years it takes control of him. For example, he learns to defer gratification; this is a step in the dismal process of anhedonia. In learning to defer he gratification he experiences a sense of self-mastery; he has become stoic, disciplined; he does not give way to impulse. He has "control". Control over himself in terms of his impulses and control over the external situation. He is a controlled and controlling person. Pretty soon he has branched out and is controlling other people, as part of the situation. He becomes a manipulator. Of course, he is not conciousily aware of this; all he intends to do is lessen his own sense of impotence. But in his task of lessening this sense, he insidiously overpowers the freedom of others. Yet, he dervies no pleasure from this, no positive psychological gain; all his gains are essential negative.
Tony Fadell|Whatever they do, criminals and non-criminals act in particular ways. Some writers, for instance, use computers, others pen and paper. Some write in the morning, some at night. Each writer has a distinct style, with variations in grammar, sentence structure, and voice.
Sylvia Earle|Right now people are interested in genetic engineering to help the human race. That's a noble cause, and that's where we should be heading. But once we get past that - once we understand what genetic diseases we can deal with - when we start thinking about the future, there's an opportunity to create some new life-forms.
Angela Carter, Wise Children|...a great future behind him, already
Sydney Brenner|My aunt had a season ticket for the Friday afternoon concerts, and I would go down for lessons. My lessons were Saturday morning.
Wernher von Braun|How is it that, in the face of overwhelming scientific evidence, there are still some who would deny the dangers of climate change? Not surprisingly, the loudest voices are not scientific, and it is remarkable how many economists, lawyers, journalists and politicians set themselves up as experts on the science.
Gary Patton|One of the outstanding sources of resistance to imperial power in the Muslim world came from Sufi groups. While Sufi brotherhoods are generally known for a more quietist and mystic approach to Islam, they traditionally rank among the best organized and most coherent groupings in society. They constitute ready-made organizations - social-based NGOs, if you will - for maintaining Islamic culture and practices under periods of extreme oppression and for fomenting resistance and guerrilla warfare against foreign occupation. The history of Sufi participation in dozens of liberation struggles is long and widespread across Asia, the Middle East, and Africa. Sufi groups were prominent in the anti-Soviet resistance, and later against the American in Afghanistan and against US occupation forces in Iraq.
Sally Rooney, Conversations with Friends|You can love more than one person, she said. That's arguable. Why is it any different from having more than one friend? You're friends with me and you also have other friends, does that mean you don't really value me? I don't have other friends, I said.
Martha Wells, The Element of Fire|If we speak of an angry God at all, we will speak of a God angry at indifference, angry at apathy, angry at racism and violence, angry at inhumanity, angry at waste, angry at destruction, angry at injustice, angry at hostile religious clannishness. That anger is never against us (or them); it is against what is against us (and them).
Jennifer Niven, All the Bright Places|I’m sorry about Finch. He was a good, screwed up kid who should have had more help.” “I feel responsible.
Swami Vivekananda|Luck is everything... My good luck in life was to be a really frightened person. I'm fortunate to be a coward, to have a low threshold of fear, because a hero couldn't make a good suspense film.
Donald Miller, Blue Like Jazz: Nonreligious Thoughts on Christian Spirituality|It was a haunting feeling, the sort of sensation you get when you wonder whether you are two people, the other of which does things you can't explain, bad and terrible things.
Darrell Calkins, Re:|The infinite possibilities that exist in any given moment cause infinite possibilities in response. The wording is correct here; the possibilities exist already, and have already caused the existing possibilities of response.
Andrew Murray, Humility|The theology of littleness is a basic category of Christianity. After all, the tenor of our faith is that God's distinctive greatness is revealed precisely in powerlessness. That in the long run, the strength of history is precisely in those who love, which is to say, in a strength that, properly speaking, cannot be measured according to categories of power. So in order to show who he is, God consciously revealed himself in the powerlessness of Nazareth and Golgotha. Thus, it is not the one who can destroy the most who is the most powerful...but, on the contrary, the least power of love is already greater than the greatest power of destruction.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|Nancy waded out to her own rocks and searched her own pools and let that couple look after themselves. She crouched low down and touched the smooth rubber-like sea anemones, who were stuck like lumps of jelly to the side of the rock. Brooding, she changed the pool into the sea, and made the minnows into sharks and whales, and cast vast clouds over this tiny world by holding her hand against the sun, and so brought darkness and desolation, like God himself, to millions of ignorant and innocent creatures, and then took her hand away suddenly and let the sun stream down. Out on the pale criss-crossed sand, high-stepping, fringed, gauntleted, stalked some fantastic leviathan (she was still enlarging the pool), and slipped into the vast fissures of the mountain side. And then, letting her eyes slide imperceptibly above the pool and rest on that wavering line of sea and sky, on the tree trunks which the smoke of steamers made waver on the horizon, she became with all that power sweeping savagely in and inevitably withdrawing, hypnotised, and the two senses of that vastness and this tininess (the pool had diminished again) flowering within it made her feel that she was bound hand and foot and unable to move by the intensity of feelings which reduced her own body, her own life, and the lives of all the people in the world, for ever, to nothingness. So listening to the waves, crouching over the pool, she brooded.
M.F. Moonzajer|Being at home was like a mattress to fall back on with the smallest of peas on the bottom, just large enough to bother the princess. I was damn lucky that I had a place to call home, but I didn't like the feeling of stealing my parents food and being unable to tell them when I could ever afford my own.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|Life is a moving target. So your vision needs to be an accurate objective, to give you direction for your actions. As you move toward your goal, the vision becomes even more substantive, more palpable. It becomes something you can’t wait to share with others continually. The excitement is infectious.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Don’t ever hesitate to take to [God] whatever is on your heart. He already knows it anyway, but He doesn’t want you to bear its pain or celebrate its joy alone.
Louisa May Alcott|Painful as it may be, a significant emotional event can be the catalyst for choosing a direction that serves us - and those around us - more effectively. Look for the learning.
Preeth Nambiar, The Solitary Shores|Within my palm there is a world, a world as delicate as a bubble!
Ellie Kemper|Personally, I'm an advocate for short engagements. Long sometimes means there is a reason for it. Two years engaged and no wedding... I'd be upset.
Erika Christensen|I hate the amount of communication, the obligation that you have just by owning a phone.
Noël Kingsbury, Hybrid: The History and Science of Plant Breeding|Sometimes shows became almost obsessively obscure, as with the gooseberry (Ribes uva-crispa) shows of nineteenth-century Britain, when workingmen in the industrial counties of northern England and the Midlands formed themselves into societies, constituted with presidents, secretaries, and stewards, for the purpose of running gooseberry shows—weight being the decisive factor. Quite why this fruit, always something of a minority taste, should become the subject of what only could be described as a cult remains a mystery.
Jackson Pearce, Sisters Red|Maybe the princess could save herself.""That sounds like a pretty good story too.
Jose Garcia Villa, Anchored Angel, The|CLEOPATRA: My salad days,When I was green in judgment: cold in blood,To say as I said then! But, come, away;Get me ink and paper:He shall have every day a several greeting,Or I'll unpeople Egypt.
Stephen King, Hearts in Atlantis|I'm sorry," she said humbly. "I haven't wanted to lie to you.""I should hope so. You're the worst liar I've ever met." He thought about it for a moment, then added, "--or the best. Now I'm all confused.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|We tend to take whatever’s worked in our particular set of circumstances (big family, small family, AP, Ezzo, home school, public school) and project that upon everyone else in the world as the ideal.
W. Phillip Keller, Salt For Society|Mercy is to care, and care very deeply about one another. It is to care to the point where we are prepared to be involved with the sufferings and adversities of others. It implies that I am prepared to put myself in the other person's place. It means that I shall try to really understand why they behave as they do, even though it injures me. It is a willingness to walk a mile in the other man's moccasins before I criticize his conduct. It is the extension of good will, help, forgiveness, compassion and kindness to one who may not seem to deserve it.
Gabrielle Anwar|I think life is difficult and that's that. I am not at all - absolutely not at all - interested in the pursuit of happiness. I am not interested in the pursuit of positivity. I am interested in pursuing a truth, and the truth often seems to be not happiness but its opposite.
Auliq Ice|We can not paint that in a more positive way if it is already negative, we have to take it that way and think of other means for reaching there.
Eiji Mikage, 空ろの箱と零のマリア 1|God is such a cruel godfor making you so wonderful,and for making me so weak.
Kevin Cashman, The Pause Principle: Step Back to Lead Forward|Tethered to our smart phones, we are too caught up and distracted to take the time necessary to sort through complexity or to locate submerged purpose . In our urgent rush to get "there," we are going everywhere but being nowhere. Far too busy managing with transactive speed, we rarely step back to lead with transformative significance.
Steven Pinker, The Blank Slate: The Modern Denial of Human Nature|As technology accumulates and people in more parts of the planet become interdependent, the hatred between them tends to decrease, for the simple reason that you can't kill someone and trade with him too.
Shane L. Koyczan|The constant clamor of the booths and barkers served as an exhausting reminder that he had to choose a fate, and that no matter which fate he chose he could be certain that it would not be the best, that in other timelines rendered inaccessible with each spent coin, other versions of himself would be having more fun, or winning golden ribbons, or becoming taller. The thought was unbearable.
Karina Halle, The Devil's Reprise|We barely made it inside her room before I pressed her up against the closed door and kissed her until she couldn't breathe, until I couldn't breathe-but who needed air when you had a silken tongue and warm lips and a body that begged to be licked, pinched, stroked.
Karen Maezen Miller, Hand Wash Cold: Care Instructions for an Ordinary Life|Meditation is misunderstood as something you envision in your head, when in fact it is something to be seen with your own eyes. What you begin to see is that the place where you thought your life occurred - the cave of rumination and memory, the cauldron of anxiety and fear - isn't where your life takes place at all. Those mental recesses are where pain occurs, but life occurs elsewhere, in a place we are usually too preoccupied to notice, too distracted to see: right in front of our eyes. The point of meditation is to stop making things up and see things as they are.
S.A.R.K., Creative Companion: How to Free Your Creative Spirit|Inside CriticsThe critical voices in our own heads are far more vicious than what we might hear from the outside. Our "inside critics" have intimate knowledge of us and can zero in on our weakest spots. You might be told by the critics that you're too fat, too old, too young, not intelligent enough, a quitter, not logical, prone to try too many things...It's all balderdash!Some elements of these may be true, and it's completely up to you how they affect you. Inside critics are really just trying to protect you. You can:Learn to dialogue with them.Give them new jobs.Turn them into allies.You can also dismantle/exterminate them.
Sarah Alexander|In August of 2002, I survived a car accident. Although I can still see the van speeding toward us, I cannot bring to mind the crash itself - only its aftermath.
Ken Norton|Whatever you do in your life, always go the distance.
Derek Keck, Of Butterflies and Ghosts|Life is for the living and the dead, she said in a smile,And flashed me a bit of pale thigh in the summer time
Henrietta Newton Martin|Crucified Love lives with us today and till the end of times as He promised.Amen.The beauty of the cross and our crucified Lord cannot be fathomed by human mind or by barely reading scriptures in bits, but by careful reading of entire scripture in the spirit which will in turn engulf one with wisdom and love.
Debasish Mridha|Love is waiting for you, lifting her hand, open your heart and accept it.
Kit Rocha, Beyond Control|There's more to sex, the really good kind, than orgasms.
Nathan Hassall|Eve continued with the inexorable process of dying, Zoe spent too much time with her grandparents, and Denny and I worked at slowing the beating of our hearts so we wouldn't feel so much pain.
Neal Shusterman, Red Rider's Hood|Looking at her in the hospital he had thought, I don't know you, who you are, does it matter if we live or die?
Jeff Bridges|I don't know how it is for women or for other guys, but when I was young and in my 20s, I had a fear of marriage.
Rokk-I La' VON|Turn around.”Only two words, but they deliver such a sensual threat.I do as you ask without question. You are right behind me, breathing hard into the small of my neck, where I like to be kissed.
Max Walker|I like guys with a nice smile. I know it's cliche, but it's so true! I like a guy with a nice smile and nice eyes.
John C. Keats, Of Time and an Island|Each of us needs something of an island in his life—if not an actual island, at least some place, or space in time, in which to be himself, free to cultivate his difference from others.
David Marusek, Mind Over Ship|What a mistake that had been, to create a construct [AI] that could suffer. He knew that now. Life, pain, death, they were no playthings. Biology was serious business, not for amateurs and foolish gods.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Beautiful and Damned|I had traded the fight against love for the fight against loneliness, the fight against life for the fight against death.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Pride can be friend, ego can be foe...depending on which one we choose, or not, to conquer.
Rob Bell, Jesus Wants to Save Christians: A Manifesto for the Church in Exile|All the ancient churches were churches representative of spiritual things; the rites, and also the statutes, according to which their worship was established, consisted of pure correspondence.
Lan Samantha Chang, Hunger|What do you mean by yuanfen?"She thought for a minute and replied, "It means: that apportionment of love which is destined for you in this world.
Rabbi Kook|The realization that a decline in the moral state impedes the flowering of literature is a feeling unique to the Jewish people. Only we realize in truth that in order to improve the quality of literature, there is a necessary prerequisite, that the writers first cleanse their souls. We feel in ourselves the great need for penitence so that we might rise to the sublime heights of the noble literature that is uniquely ours, that stems from the wisdom of Israel, whose source is holiness and purity, faith and spiritual heroism.- Kook, Lights of Penitence, p. 118.
Corrie ten Boom|I prayed to dispel my fear, until suddenly, and I do not know how the idea came to me, I began to pray for others. I prayed for everyone who came into my thoughts - - people with whom I had traveled, those who had been in prison with me, my school friends of years ago. I do not know how long I continued my prayer, but this I do know - - my fear was gone! Interceding for others had released me!
Daniel Abraham, The Dragon's Path|This capacity for objectivity and absoluteness amounts to an existential — and “preventive” — refutation of the ideologies of doubt: if a man is able to doubt, it is because there is certainty; likewise the very notion of illusion proves that man has access to reality. It follows that there are necessarily some men who know reality and who therefore have certainty; and the great spokesmen of this knowledge and certainty are necessarily the best of men. For if truth were on the side of doubt, the individual who doubted would be superior not only to these spokesmen, who have not doubted, but also to the majority of normal men across the millennia of human existence. If doubt conformed to the real, human intelligence would be deprived of its sufficient reason, and man would be less than an animal, for the intelligence of animals does not doubt the reality to which it is proportioned.
Augustus|If we could survive without a wife, citizens of Rome, all of us would do without that nuisance; but since nature has so decreed that we cannot manage comfortably with them, nor live in any way without them, we must plan for our lasting preservation rather than for our temporary pleasure.
Mishi McCoy|I believe in magick because I am proof. A soul can be crushed into powder,yet dares to rise in love.Hope is a magick of it's own-And I it's most natural object of passion and power.
Robin Sacredfire|Sometimes I have to act crazy to handle the crazies. Trying to be normal near the crazies makes me as crazy as them. The more I push reason and logic on them, the more they pervert it and use it against me, the angrier they make me feel. It's much easier to pretend they're ghosts talking to the wind, and ignore them as if they weren't really human. My mood improves, my self-esteem is better and I feel happier. On another hand, maybe I'm just being realistic here, because you can't really talk to the dead. That's what people without respect or empathy are; dead in the brain; just walking bodies without a soul.
L.M. Montgomery, Emily Climbs|My pen shall heal, not hurt.
Summer Sanders|I got put out of my church choir because my pastor said, 'We can't have baby sister singing the blues and coming in here and singing on Sunday morning.'
Robin McKinley, Sunshine|There is a certain concentrated, avid-for-blood look that appears on the faces of reporters on the trail of a very big story that you'd have to visit the big cat house at the zoo to see duplicated in its primal state. From the look on Brenda's face, if a tiger was standing between her and this story right now, the cat would soon have a tall-journalist-sized hole in him.
Erich Maria Remarque, Flotsam|A crude age. Peace is stabilized with cannon and bombers, humanity with concentration camps and pogroms. We're living in a time when all standards are turned upside-down, Kern. Today the aggressor is the shepherd of peace, and the beaten and hunted are the troublemakers of the world. What's more, there are whole races who believe it!
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Sometimes it’s best to start moving in the direction you think God may want you to go, and then trust Him to lead you—closing doors He doesn’t want you to go through and opening up others.
Karl Rove|In so many ways, segregation shaped me, and education liberated me.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|Beyond the queues, the vacancy screens listed jobs in a multitude of languages. Invariably, they were low-paid and short-term dead-ends. Nearby, people in headphones sat at a bank of machines: the blind and the illiterate force-fed with ‘opportunities’ by soothing machine voices. On the far wall, in large print, a poster declared: BEGGARS CANNOT BE CHOOSERS.
Ernest Hemingway|Permanence, perseverance and persistence in spite of all obstacles, discouragements, and impossibilities: It is this, that in all things distinguishes the strong soul from the weak.
Caitlín R. Kiernan, Threshold|I loved this place when I was a kid. I still love it, but when I was a kid I'd take the bus down here and spend all day long reading in this room.
Primo Levi, The Drowned and the Saved|Religious bondage shackles and debilitates the mind, and unfits it for every noble enterprise, every expanded pro
Albert Camus|The strangest, most generous, and proudest of all virtues is true courage.
Joshua Romqn|Knowledge, understanding, and wisdom is naught to the man who is incapable of applying it.
Sunday Adelaja|Don’t just be a church goer, find God
John Rowland|Many promising reconciliations have broken down because while both parties come prepared to forgive, neither party come prepared to be forgiven.
Ron Rash, Something Rich and Strange: Selected Stories|A miracle is never perfect when it happens, there are always little disappointments. But once it’s gone for good and nothing can change it, memory could make it perfect and then it would never change. If I can just call it to life now, won’t it always stay the same? Won’t it stay with me as long as I live?
Isabel Wolff, A Vintage Affair|I have often said that I wish I had invented blue jeans: the most spectacular, the most practical, the most relaxed and nonchalant. They have expression, modesty, sex appeal, simplicity - all I hope for in my clothes.
Quentin Crisp, The Wit and Wisdom of Quentin Crisp|We must question the story logic of having an all-knowing all-powerful God, who creates faulty Humans, and then blames them for his own mistakes.
Marty Rubin|We live, I suppose, in the unconfessed hope that the rules will at some point be broken, along with the normal course of things and custom and history, and that this will happen to us, that we will experience it, that we — that is, I alone — will be the ones to see it. We always aspire, I suppose, to being the chosen ones, and it is unlikely otherwise that we would be prepared to live out the entire course of an entire life, which, however short or long, gradually gets the better of us.
Aristotle, The Nicomachean Ethics|Nor is he liberal who gives with pain; for he would prefer the wealth to the noble act, and this is not characteristic of a liberal man. But no more will the liberal man take from wrong sources; for such taking is not characteristic of the man who sets no store by wealth.
Thea Harrison, Liam Takes Manhattan|He was surrounded by people who loved him, yet he had never felt lonelier.
Michael Imperioli|One, if you attack my integrity, I will defend myself. If you attack my patriotism, I will defend myself. If you come after my family, I will counter-attack viciously, I will destroy you.
Percy Bysshe Shelley, The Complete Poems|We look before and after,And pine for what is not;Our sincerest laughterWith some pain is fraught;Our sweetest songs are those that tell Of saddest thought.
Jenim Dibie, The Calligraphy of God|What have we here, laddie? Mysterious scribblings? A secret code? Oh, poems, no less! Poems, everybody!
Babu Rajan|Takes long,Stings hard,Benefit's large.That's your experience in life. :)
Heather O'Neill, The Lonely Hearts Hotel|That was desire messing with physics: putting its finger on the record and then slowing it down, making sure you heard every word spoken, and memorized it.
Craig Ferguson, American on Purpose: The Improbable Adventures of an Unlikely Patriot|Every day I ran to that book like it was a bottle of whiskey and crawled inside because it was a world that I had at least some control over, and slowly, in time, it began to take shape.
Man Ray|I think you could probably thaw out a glacier, honey." -Hardy Cates
Rudolf Erich Raspe, The Surprising Adventures Of Baron Munchausen|Strip by strip the lash carved into Grace's shuddering flesh. My tears were falling by then, heavy drops, joining in the leaf dust with the blood that had begun to trickle from the table. My limbs were so weak that I could not even raise a hand to wipe the mucus that dripped from my nose.She had been lying with her head faced away from me. She lifted it then, and turned, so that we looked at one another. If an anvil had fallen from the sky at that moment and landed upon me, I could not have felt more crushed.(pg 39)
George Bernard Shaw|Language is not only a means of speech and thought, it is a bridge with the significant function of bringing the wealth of the past to our day and conveying today’s heritage and our new compositions to the future.
Charlotte Stein, Restraint|That life is far too short to waste on grudges. Love does not come along often. When it does, you can’t throw it away because it isn’t perfect.
C.J. Milbrandt, Into the Hills: A Zane Johns Adventure|Zane was pretty sure that worries and bossing were related, like a pair of old aunties.
Kiersten White, Paranormalcy|Punishment is now unfashionable... because it creates moral distinctions among men, which, to the democratic mind, are odious. We prefer a meaningless collective guilt to a meaningful individual responsibility.
Steven Weinberg|Malevolence takes a bite out off your spirit. Just sitting with it, just talking with people who consciously and deliberately exploit others, feels like being beaten. Over the years, l have seen many therapists burn out and leave the field entirely. [Refers to treating sex offenders, p6]
Michael F. Stewart, Counting Wolves|The only time it's hopeless is when you're dead! Long as you're alive, you can get better - you can make it better.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|True self-confidence never needs to degrade the confidence of others in order to grow and survive. If it does, it’s not confidence at all…it’s ego.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Be with someone who willingly runs in the storm with you, not someone who cowers away because of turbulent winds.
Deyth Banger|People suicide because of the board rules, they don't like it. So people suicide, they don't see any other out of this place!
Desmond Tutu|I am a strong believer that without justice, there is no peace. No lasting peace, anyway.
B.F. Skinner, Walden Two|We're famous" iggy whispered so low that Fang could barely hear him."So's Swine Flu" Fang whispered back.
Abhijit Naskar|Someone burns your beloved scripture in front of you, yet you are not bothered even the slightest bit. That's when you know, you have achieved divinity.
Eliezer Yudkowsky, The Less Wrong Sequences|It's a most peculiar psychology—this business of 'Science is based on faith too, so there!' Typically this is said by people who claim that faith is a good thing. Then why do they say 'Science is based on faith too!' in that angry-triumphal tone, rather than as a compliment? And a rather dangerous compliment to give, one would think, from their perspective. If science is based on 'faith', then science is of the same kind as religion—directly comparable. If science is a religion, it is the religion that heals the sick and reveals the secrets of the stars. It would make sense to say, 'The priests of science can blatantly, publicly, verifiably walk on the Moon as a faith-based miracle, and your priests' faith can't do the same.' Are you sure you wish to go there, oh faithist? Perhaps, on further reflection, you would prefer to retract this whole business of 'Science is a religion too!
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The House of the Seven Gables|Do not mislead Perez Anna or malign the people who have sheltered you for over twenty years. We are not - what is the word for eaters of one another?""Capitalists," said Anna.
AVA.|i know i can't do much, but i can do a little and i'm going to do as much of that as i can.but if we all do that--we can make a big difference.
Ava, You Are Safe Here.|oh, the heartbreakingly beautiful tender weight of being human.
Mikhail Naimy, The Book of Mirdad: The Strange Story of a Monastery Which Was Once Called the Ark|Ask not of things to shed their veils. Unveil yourselves, and things will be unveiled.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|It is generally, in the season of prosperity that men discover their real temper, principles and design.
Fred Hampton|I wish I could say that racism and prejudice were only distant memories. We must dissent from the indifference. We must dissent from the apathy. We must dissent from the fear, the hatred and the mistrust…We must dissent because America can do better, because America has no choice but to do better.
John Hawkins, 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know|Wearing a $1,000 suit and driving a Ferrari may be better than riding around in a beaten-uppickup truck, but when it’s all said and done, it’ll be the experiences you remember, not the stuff.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|For you to maximize time, you want to make sure that every second of the day that comes is converted into some products.
Stephen Jay Gould, The Lying Stones of Marrakech: Penultimate Reflections in Natural History|I have blogged previously about the dangerous and deadly effects of science denialism, from the innocent babies unnecessarily exposed to deadly diseases by other kids whose parents are anti-vaxxers, to the frequent examples of how acceptance of evolution helps us stop diseases and pests (and in the case of Baby Fae, rejection of evolution was fatal), to the long-term effects of climate denial to the future of the planet we all depend upon. But one of the strangest forms of denialism is the weird coalition of people who refuse to accept the medical fact that the HIV virus causes AIDS. What the heck? Didn’t we resolve this issue in the 1980s when the AIDS condition first became epidemic and the HIV virus was discovered and linked to AIDS? Yes, we did—but for people who want to deny scientific reality, it doesn’t matter how many studies have been done, or how strong the scientific consensus is. There are a significant number of people out there (especially among countries and communities with high rates of AIDS infections) that refuse to accept medical reality. I described all of these at greater length in my new book Reality Check: How Science Deniers Threaten our Future.
Laura Whitcomb, A Certain Slant of Light|You don’t belong only to yourself, you know. I doubt there is a single person in this world that belongs only to himself. When someone makes a connection...there is always something shared. And so people will never be completely free. It’s that which brings out the fun...and sadness...and love.
Susan Hill, The Boy Who Taught the Beekeeper to Read: and Other Stories|Some people make tunes, but it is lines that run like moving messages through my head. Whatever else I am saying and doing often has no bearing on this inner, verbal life.
Albert Einstein|This topic brings me to that worst outcrop of herd life, the military system, which I abhor... This plague-spot of civilization ought to be abolished with all possible speed. Heroism on command, senseless violence, and all the loathsome nonsense that goes by the name of patriotism -- how passionately I hate them!
Ashley Montagu|I have never forgotten my days as an Eagle Scout. I didn't know it at the time, but what really came out of my Scouting was learning how to lead and serve the community. It has come in handy in my career in government.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Without healing, there is no happiness.
RVM|The Power of Intuition is not Magic, but pure Logic for those who let it burst from their Inspiration!
Dean Koontz, 77 Shadow Street|[M]y mother read a horror novel every night. She had read every one in the library. When birthdays and Christmas would come, I would consider buying her a new one, the latest Dean R. Koontz or Stephen King or whatever, but I couldn't. I didn't want to encourage her. I couldn't touch my father's cigarettes, couldn't look at the Pall Mall cartons in the pantry. I was the sort of child who couldn't even watch commercials for horror movies - the ad for Magic, the movie where marionette kills people. sent me into a six-month nightmare frenzy. So I couldn't look at her books, would turn them over so their covers wouldn't show, the raised lettering and splotches of blood - especially the V.C. Andrews oeuvre, those turgid pictures of those terrible kids, standing so still, all lit in blue.
Russell Brand|Celebrity culture, it's everywhere, isn't it? It's reality TV, Big Brother. I didn't become a footballer to be famous, I became a footballer to be successful. I didn't want to be famous. Now people want to be famous. Why? Why would you want people following you about all day?
Dawn Casey-Rowe|Um, are you writing one of those isekai (Another World) novels? What’s the title?” Yuichi asked.Kanako: “Um, the title is My Demon Lord is Too Cute to Kill and Now the World is in Danger!”Yuichi: "I can’t really imagine what that would entail..." Yuichi felt a little disappointed. He’d been hoping she might have written something a little cuter.
Emilyann Girdner, The Labyrinth Wall|Delusional or not, maybe if I believe in a better world with enough conviction, and convince others to believe it as well, then it will be real.
Sara Craven, Dark Summer Dawn|To return to our authenticity, we have to let go of all that we are not. We recognize and let go of the judgments, fears, and “shoulds” that keep us stuck.
Louis V. Gerstner, Jr.|Oh, I'm all about small business. I think what we've learned from big business and big Wall Street is that unchecked greed and the creation of false value gets us all in trouble. If we look at the American economy, who's really creating value? It's the small businesses.
Shruti Khandelwal|Time, energy, and focus; these are the resources at your disposal each and every day.
Shawn Amos|Famous for his 'Maverick' Western series in the 1950s and 'The Rockford Files' in the '70s, and in movies like 'The Great Escape' and 'Grand Prix' in between, James Garner played amiable, independent characters for more than a half-century and never lost his comforting, enduring appeal.
Watchman Nee, The Normal Christian Life|Faith in Christ leaped from person to person like some divine epidemic, not of disease but of spiritual health.
Jake Vander-Ark, The Accidental Siren|If my brother, Dægan, was still alive to herald this moment, I know he would have something poetically moving to say. But where I lack in speech, I make up for in determination. Let my actions speak for themselves, for I will have my vengeance. As the last living son of Rælik, I will defend my father’s honor and uphold his noble name. Rally the men for council—my Æsa needs me.”~ Gustaf Ræliksen
Franz Grillparzer|The first point of wisdom is to discern that which is false; the second, to know that which is true.
Barry López, Of Wolves and Men|Life is but a flash of time, a momentous flicker-- in the life that we know and space we live in on earth.© VW
Virginia Postrel|No actor has made a career of exerting determination to the extent that Matt Damon has. In the 'Bourne' movies, he burned himself down to a central nervous system - his focus fried away unnecessary calories.
Scott Klusendorf, The Case for Life: Equipping Christians to Engage the Culture|I don't know if there's a God. (And neither do you, and neither does Professor Dawkins, and neither does anybody. It isn't the kind of thing you can know. It isn't a knowable item.) But then, like every human being, I am not in the habit of entertaining only the emotions I can prove. I'd be a unrecognizable oddity if I did.
C.S.  James, Blue Ice|Robert, what are you doing? I'm cooking.’‘I like to thank the chef for the excellent food.’‘But surely that is done at the end of the meal.’‘What a good idea, I'll thank you later … as it should be done.
Gigi Hadid|I don't just want a better deal for Britain. I want a better deal for Europe too. So I speak as British prime minister with a positive vision for the future of the European Union. A future in which Britain wants, and should want, to play a committed and active part.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, Flecks of Gold on a Path of Stone: Simple Truths for Life's Complex Journey|She listened to the soft splashing sound when the water met the bank. It took just a few moments before she was able to completely fade out the smell of pollution and inhaled the salty air. The soft breeze mingled with the swooshing and splashing of the waves, with the rustling of grass, the tictac as long undressed twigs of the tree met each other, composing a gentle melody like wooden wind-chimes. The whole concert of nature calmed her down like nothing had ever been able to.
Seneca the elder|this one-way rocket to Death in Adulthood" "Normal Time" in New California Writing
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupāda, Nectar of Devotion|Concerning Concealment as a symptom of love for Krsna:"It has been stated, 'although Srimati Radharani developed a deep loving affection for Krsna, She hid Her attitude in the core of Her heart so that others could not detect Her actual condition.
Munia Khan|Anyway, I think the two of you should be free to do whatever you want right now. When you're young, you think the only way to happiness is the hard road... but it's actually much simpler than that.
Christine Wicker, Not In Kansas Anymore|Enchantment frightens us for good reason. Whether it's enchantment of the ordinary kind or the magical kind, it may very well change us, and we may not be able to return to our old selves, to our old certainties and our easy understandings. Magical people seem to fear that less than the rest of us. They want to be enchanted and are quite willing to be changed forever as they go deeper and deeper into realms beyond everyday understanding. Most of us wouldn't mind a little more magic ourselves, if we could slip in and out of it. We too want to leave the brab realities of work-a-day life, experience the transcendent, to revel in endless possibility. But most of us have lost any belief in good magic. All that's left is a vague sence that evil is afoot and ready to draw nearer. The only magic most of us believe in is the scary stuff.
Dick Cavett|There are certain things I learned when I first started learning about acting, to try and place the character physically and emotionally. And the way you place them emotionally is often with humor.
Karin Slaughter, Pretty Girls|Her wedding ring, her gentle brush-offs, and her outright rejection had been minor obstacles compared to the big no of another man kissing her cheek.
Jack Layton|My friends, love is better than anger. Hope is better than fear. Optimism is better than despair. So let us be loving, hopeful and optimistic. And we'll change the world.
Jean M. Auel, The Plains of Passage|The other mammoths were as protective of the dying as they were of newborns, and they gathered around tying to make the fallen one get up. When all was over, they buried the dead ancestor under piles of dirt, grass, leaves, or snow. Mammoths were even known to bury other dead animals, including humans.
David Sedaris|On Undecided Voter​s: "To put them in perspective, I think​ of being​ on an airplane.​ The flight attendant comes​ down the aisle​ with her food cart and, eventually,​ parks​ it beside my seat.​ “Can I inter​est you in the chick​en?​” she asks.​ “Or would​ you prefer the platter of shit with bits of broke​n glass​ in it?”To be undecided in this elect​ion is to pause​ for a moment and then ask how the chick​en is cooked.
Walt Whitman|The art of art, the glory of expression and the sunshine of the light of letters, is simplicity.
Philip   Dodd, Klubbe the Turkle and the Golden Star Coracle|Flammflorbs, archypodsplays, clinker crabs, dorsaldorydabbs, mingslakks, linglimes, occocobbers, firgengobblers, smitesnides, orkusta shelled bunkbarnacles, balootabinks, jorgentua jellyfish, tungol widders, teleosti chimaras, and things stranger, yet to be named, Klubbe and his crew members observed through their portholes, lit by the lamps of their submarine's lanterns.
Holly Black|What we're supposed to do as actors is be able to portray real human beings and emotions. And if you grow up in this bubble of showbiz and you only know people who make movies, you don't really have an understanding of the world outside.
Michael  Grant, Fear|promise me, Sam: whatever it takes to win, whatever it takes to survive.”“Astrid—”Suddenly she grabbed his face with one hand and squeezed too hard. “You listen to me. I’m not losing you because you played fair. You’re not getting killed. You’re not dying. This isn’t some doomed last mission. Do you understand me? This does not end with me crying and missing you every day for the rest of my life. This ends with us walking out of this nightmare together. You and me, Sam.
Malala Yousafzai|War is the greatest plague that can afflict humanity, it destroys religion, it destroys states, it destroys families. Any scourge is preferable to it.
Portia Sarris|don't follow your dreams, chase them
Cameron Diaz|Yes, it's a man's world, but that's all right because they're making a total mess of it. We're chipping away at their control, taking the parts we want. Some women think it's a difficult task, but it's not.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Sum of life; Birth, childhood, youth, adulthood, parenthood, old age and death.
Andi Zeisler, BITCHfest: Ten Years of Cultural Criticism from the Pages of Bitch Magazine|When it comes to current attitudes about surgery, the practice of dismissing the cultural context and rationalizing it as individual betterment "flattens the terrain of power relations." In other words, we can talk about doing it for us until our high-end lipstick flakes off, but we should also keep in mind that we probably wouldn't even be thinking about what life would be like with a new nose or perkier breasts or shapelier inner thighs if it weren't for a long-standing cultural ideal that rewards those who adhere to it with power that often doesn't speak its name, but is instantly recognizable to those who don't have it.
Joss Whedon, Buffy the Vampire Slayer: The Long Way Home|The thing about changing the world... Once you do it, the world's all different.
Jessica Parker Kennedy|I'm not the kind of person to jump into a relationship with a guy. I do a lot of figuring out about the person and his background, what he wants, and why he is interested in me.
Karina Halle, The Devil's Reprise|Hey, Frenchie!” Sage poked his head out the door, the sun hitting the brown of his hair to reveal hidden strands of red. “Did you bring any baguettes?”“Why don’t you go season something, Herb?
Don DeLillo, Underworld|This is woman, if you try to hurt her, she will kills you, but if you try to satisfied her, she will make you happy!
Charles Dickens, Little Dorrit|But he was one of those weak creatures, void of pride, timorous, anemic, hateful souls, full of shifty cunning, who face neither God nor man, who face not even themselves.
Elizabeth Berg, The Year of Pleasures|I cried until my eyes swelled shut, and then I slept, a black, dreamless sleep from which I awoke amazingly refreshed, at least until I remembered.
Katherine Catmull, The Radiant Road|Writing is dreaming for me, and I can dream most anywhere.
A.B. Shepherd, Lifeboat|It's never too late to start a new chapter of life, but question arise is it that easy to start a new beginning???
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|I often think that he's the only one of us who's achieved immortality. I don't mean in the sense of fame and I don't mean he won't die someday. But he's living it. I think he is what the conception really means. You know how people long to be eternal. But they die with everyday that passes. . . They change, they deny, they contradict- and they call it growth. At the end there is nothing left, nothing unreveresed or unbetrayed; as if there had never been an entity, only a succession of adjectives fading in and out of an unformed mass. How do they expect a permanence which they never held for a single moment? But Howard- one can imagine him living forever.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you want a meaningful life for yourself don't ask "What can the world offer to me?" but "What can I offer to the world?
V.C. Andrews|Candy. He spoke of candy. Was he still in the child's world where candy stood for something sweet enough to hold back tears? I had grown older, and had lost enthusiasm for childish delights. I wanted what every teenager wants -- freedom to develop into a woman, freedom to have full control over my life! Though I tried to tell him this, my voice had dried up along with my tears.
Harry Dean Stanton|I think the intellectual consistency of Christianity in historical evidence is frankly overwhelming, but my materialist colleagues regard me as a slightly sad case.
Melanie Dickerson, The Beautiful Pretender|Magdalen's eyes were wide and her mouth hung open. She was so sweet and beautiful. She would make a wonderful margrave's wife. Avelina had already made up her mind that the margrave had not killed his brother. She simply could not believe anyone who was so particular about who he was going to marry, and who seemed so concerned about orphans, could have done such a despicable thing. At least, she hoped not.
Rai Aren, Secret of the Sands|Know that the same spark of life that is within you, is within all of our animal friends, the desire to live is the same within all of us...
Irene Tomkinson, Not Like My Mother: Becoming a Sane Parent After Growing Up in a Crazy Family|Personally, I like a chocolate-covered sky. Dark, dark chocolate. People say it suits me. I do, however, try to enjoy every color I see - the whole spectrum. A billion or so flavors, none of them quite the same, and a sky to slowly suck on. It takes the edge off the stress. It helps me relax.
Angus Young|When you drive your car, E = mc2 is at work. As the engine burns gasoline to produce energy in the form of motion, it does so by converting some of the gasoline's mass into energy, in accord with Einstein's formula.
Mette Ivie Harrison, The Princess and the Hound|You will find yourself, as he did. But that will not mean it is easy. There are few things easy in life that are worth the doing.
Frank Herbert, God Emperor of Dune|Not making a decision is the worst thing you can do. So long as you feel you made the right decision based on the information you had at that time, there's no need to fret about it. If it fails, you'll know what to do next time.
Noel Gallagher|Men, women, and children who cannot live on gravity alone need something to satisfy their gayer, lighter moods and hours, and he who ministers to this want is, in my opinion, in a business established by the Creator of our nature. If he worthily fulfills his mission and amuses without corrupting, he need never feel that he has lived in vain.
Niall Williams, Only Say the Word|The parts of our lives when we write them down seem to belong in different books, by different writers even. What all these bits and pieces make up I don't know. There is no plot. Perhaps meaning is something we invent afterward, putting it all together, like imagined God.
Chris Lange|To tell a love story true, a romance writer must bare hearts, souls and bodies.
Thomas  Moore, Care of the Soul: A Guide for Cultivating Depth and Sacredness in Everyday Life|Disappointments in love, even betrayals and losses, serve the soul at the very moment they seem in life to be tragedies. The soul is partly in time and partly in eternity. We might remember the part that resides in eternity when we feel despair over the part that is in life.
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|You are not subject to the systems or structures of this world, you belong to the kingdom of God, the kingdom of Glory, Prosperity, Beauty and Honor- where sickness is foreign.
Brad Feld|At Columbia Law School, my professor of constitutional law and federal courts, Gerald Gunther, was determined to place me in a federal court clerkship, despite what was then viewed as a grave impediment: On graduation, I was the mother of a 4-year-old child.
Deepak Chopra, Why Is God Laughing?: The Path to Joy and Spiritual Optimism|When the pain of being the same becomes greater than the pain of being different, you change.
Stephen King, The Waste Lands|But it is. It’s something you need, and that’s a long way from nothing. If you need it, Eddie, we need it. What we don’t need is a man who can’t let go of the useless baggage of his memories.
Jenim Dibie, The Calligraphy of God|I just run faster and hit the slowest of the lead boys. I wink and race by him. He smells like onions and he has big, wet circles in the pits of his shirt. He speeds up, but can only stay with me for a tenth of a mile before he drops back. Then it’s Nick.I cruise next to him. He’s some sort of running god, because he isn’t close to being winded. His stride is long, powerful, and quick.“Hi.”Why I said this, I do not know. He’s cute. Okay. I am a sucker for cute boys and he was nice to Issie. Plus, he has good hair and he isn’t as pale as most Maine males. He looks like he works in the sun, or at least has seen the sun once, maybe many weeks ago. Plus, life is all supposed to be about making love, not war. My dad listened to John Lennon; I know this stuff.“You’re fast,” he says, easy. No huffing. No puffing. No blowing the house down.“So are you.”We run together, keeping pace. The only one ahead of us is Ian, who is loping around the track as if it’s nothing.Nick shrugs at me while he runs, which is really something, because when I’m running full tilt it’s hard for me to speak, let alone break form to shrug.“You can go faster, can’t you?” I huff out.He just gives a little smile again and then his eyes shift into something cold, like gravestones with just the barest information about a life etched onto them.“Zara,” he whisper-says.I lean in closer to hear him. “What?”My voice is not a whisper. It matches the thudding beat of my heart, the bass of the music that blares out of the speakers.“Awesome job, new girl!” Devyn yells, clapping.
David Banner|Being a visionary is a blessing and a curse, you're blessed to see things other people are not able to see but you are cursed to sit in it alone
Chris Colfer The Land of Stories|I will teach my son, that his desire to be great doesn't depend on those unfortunate enough to ignore their own.
Arundhati Roy, The God of Small Things|Perhaps it’s true that things can change in a day. That a few dozen hours can affect the outcome of whole lifetimes. And that when they do, those few dozen hours, like the salvaged remains of a burned house—the charred clock, the singed photograph, the scorched furniture—must be resurrected from the ruins and examined. Preserved. Accounted for. Little events, ordinary things, smashed and reconstituted. Imbued with new meaning. Suddenly they become the bleached bones of a story.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Oh God Angel," he whispered. "There's only one monster here." ~Sade~
Daniela I. Norris, On Dragonfly Wings: A Skeptic's Journey to Mediumship|Visiting new places andmeeting interesting people – even if "What remained after paying the rent for the Tel Aviv flat, which I shared with a roommate, and the tuition at university was close to nothing – it was the experiences that mattered.
Kresley Cole, Dreams of a Dark Warrior|Tell me, if I take you to my room and put you in my bed, what do you think would happen?""I can draw you a diagram. Hint: I'm slot B, and you're tab A.
Ron Currie Jr., Everything Matters!|Changing? Aren’t we a little delusional? You’ve always been scarred and you always will be. Well you’re not really the best thinker. Why waste time trying to mend what’s broken? It’s impossible as trying to keep it from being broken in the first place. You want kids, don’t you? Abused people turn abusive, it’s a fact. Why? Becayse you love them? Didn’t I love you? But I’ve hurt you still. Love has nothing to do with being abusive. You’ve always been bruised and cut and it’s just… pointless to try and change that… now.
|A lot of people think that I don't go through some trials and tribulations because I am always in a good spirit. But I always tell them that the words in my thoughts are constantly in favor of my happiness and success. Therefore, no matter what is happening on the outside, I will never seize to live happily.
J. Budziszewski, How to Stay Christian in College|Jesus, I am sorry.
Andrew Ashling|Be warned in time, James, and remain, as I do, incomprehensible: to be great is to be misunderstood
William Styron|Our goal has been to stay true to what people most love about the original Pirates! while upgrading, enhancing, and in some cases, re-inventing the game to make it a great experience for today's gamers.
A.E. Samaan|Regulations in an "Idea Economy" are restraints on innovation.
Leylah Attar, The Paper Swan|There it was again, that strange sensation. Sort of floaty. Completely lovely. “Why aren’t we kissing yet?”“The same question had crossed my mind.” He leaned closer and pressed his lips to mine.I could never get enough of this sweet, crazy kissing. How did anyone ever get anything done when they were falling in love?
Sharon Kay Penman, The Sunne in Splendour|What followed was for him a very entertaining spectacle, with one of Edward's brothers seemingly intent upon the most subtle of seductions and the other barely able to force malmsey past the gorge rising in his throat.
Vishwas Chavan, Vishwasutras: Universal Principles for Living: Inspired by Real-Life Experiences|Imbibing the art of giving is not only a spiritual act; it is a belief n the future, and that future has to be good. Giving is investing in that future; it is like helping to make the dream come true not only for you but for others.
Studs Terkel|The U.S. government has been preoccupied with health care 'reform,' but this refers to improving access and insurance coverage and has little or nothing to do with innovation.
Red Skelton|You know, parenting is so personal. And we're all afraid that we didn't quite get it right. And it feels like the stakes are so high. By we - what if we made a mistake?
Reba McEntire|In Puerto Rico, we have a lot of traditions. We eat a very typical thing that's called 'pasteles' - it's almost like a tamale made of bananas, and we make it all together. Like, all the women of the family unite, and it's a very big deal, a very big thing.
Zendaya|When you are doing something neat, and you're doing it with neat people, and there is that convergence, something amazing will happen.
Robert K. Massie, Catherine the Great: Portrait of a Woman|Broad-Based Education:Reed College at that time offered perhaps the best calligraphy instruction in the country.… I decided to take a calligraphy class to learn how to do this.… Itwas beautiful, historical, artistically subtle in a way that science can’t capture, and I found it fascinating. None of this had even a hope of any practicalapplication in my life. But ten years later, when we were designing the first Macintosh computer, it all came back to me.—Commencement address, Stanford University,June 12, 2005
Stephen Richards, Harry's Fight: Harry Marsden - From Catholic Care Home Abuse To Gangster To Good Fellow|All these do-gooders make it sound like you just have to repent and off you go to heaven, but what about all the atrocities the Catholic religion did to us? Who pays for that! They just took over our lives!!
Brooke Shields|As a chef and father, it kills me that children are fed processed foods, fast food clones, foods loaded with preservatives and high-fructose corn syrup.
James J. Houts, The Stock Market Flea: Lessons from the Front|Be a Flea, not a Bull or a Bear. Don't delay, retire anyway. Trading is NOT a four letter word. Buy carefully, sell aggressively. Don't mark duds while drinking. When your plan fails, change it. Don't be slow, don't be greedy. Don't be obtuse with a machine gun pointed at you. There's still time to build wealth and retire well.The Stock Market Flea: Lessons from the Front
Julie Koh, Capital Misfits|She pulls me further down. More trapped souls reach out to us, dressed in clothes from decades past. The girl ignores them as we descend along the timeline – decade by decade – towards the birth of the island.
Paulo Coelho, Manuscript Found in Accra|Defeat is for the valiant. Only they will know the honour of losing and the joy of winning I am not here to tell you that defeat is a part of life: we all know that. Only the defeated know Love. Because it is in the realm of love that we fight our first battles – and generally lose. I am here to tell you that there are people who have never been defeated. They are the ones who never fought. They managed to avoid scars, humiliations, feelings of helplessness, as well as those moments when even warriors doubt the existence of God.’’Manuscript Found In Accra – Paulo Coelho
Malcolm X|An individual who breaks a law that conscience tells him is unjust, and who willingly accepts the penalty of imprisonment in order to arouse the conscience of the community over its injustice, is in reality expressing the highest respect for the law
Staci A. Welch-Bartley|Never say never because limits, like fears, are often illusions.
Ashley Earley, The Darkest Light|Depression is a funny thing. Some days you have the strength to get up out of bed and attempt to live your life as a normal human being, but others…you just don’t want to leave your room and socialize with the outside world—the world that you hate on days like this. You stay secluded in a tiny space, left alone to the thoughts that eat at your brain until you finally sit down and let them be thought.
Laura  Barnett, The Versions of Us|Close your eyes, real tight, and then count to three hundred. That’s all you have to do. You just count to three hundred, and when you open your eyes, five minutes will have passed. And even if it hurts or things are shitty or you don’t know what to do, you just made it through five whole minutes. And when it feels like you can’t go on, you just close your eyes and do it again. That’s all you need. Just five minutes at a time.
Morgan Parker, Hope|As plain Jane, she had far more to risk than Lady Mystère did. Behind her mask she could be the mistress of his darkest desires, but without it there were consequences to her deception. It was the outcome of her deceit that frightened her. Tobias might despise her for having lied to him.
Tiffany Reisz, The Bourbon Thief|The most prevalent form of slavery is being a slave of your own insecurities Or exploiting another's vulnerabilities. Lust, greed and anger are the pitfalls of the short sighted. Long term business is not possible through lust, greed, anger or guile; it is done based on 'sustainable' relationships; And that is possible when happiness is your goal and each individual you transact with, is a 'strong adult Individual'. We need to invest in ourselves to make us one and in others to help them become the same. It IS in my Selfish interest to have strong, adult individuals around!
Tommy Lasorda|In most parts of the world, starting a company that goes bust is dubbed a 'failure.' In Silicon Valley, we call this 'gaining experience.' We are willing to take the risks that are inherent for innovation.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Most people's car last longer than their marriage. WHY? For instance in Germany, the government made it as a law that before you are qualified to drive a car, you will go to a driving school, learn the theory and practical before getting a license to drive. Same is applicable to your car, it must go to service and maintenance every two years if it is a new one to check if the car is still road worthy. If your car is above five years old then it must go to service every year. So this makes the car last longer. For you to get a driving licence in germany it takes months but for you to take a marriage certificate in Germany it doesn't take two hours. Once you go on the vail, they give you licence which means that they are more concerned about your car on their street than they are about your life in their communities.A lot of people doesn't go to any driving lessons on marriages. So they end up knowing how to drive a car but not learning how to live with someone.
Lee Strobel, The Case for a Creator: A Journalist Investigates Scientific Evidence That Points Toward God|I am a soul, and I have a body. We don't learn about people by studying their bodies. We learn about people by finding out how they feel, what they think, what they're passionate about, what their worldview is, and so forth....So my conclusion is that there's more to me than my conscious life and my body. In fact, I am a 'self,' or an 'I,' that cannot be seen or touched unless I manifest myself through my behavior or my talk. I have free will because I am a 'self,' or a soul, and I'm not just a brain. ~J.P. Moreland, PHD~
Sarah J. Maas, Empire of Storms|I love you. There is no limit to what I can give to you, no time I need. Even when this world is a forgotten whisper of dust between the stars, I will love you.
Dee Dee M. Scott, Joy Cometh In The Morning|Love me in actions, not in words.
Stefanos Livos|These two oo in "book" are like the two eyes of a reader who fell in love with a story.
George Takei|As my audience grew more diverse, I started interjecting social justice advocacy and commentaries about LGBT equality, and it just kept growing more.
Mitch Kapor|By the time of the United States Tricentennial, there will be more government workers than there are workers.
Mervyn Peake|The emotional, loving, moody child had small chance of developing into a happy woman. Had she as a girl been naturally joyus yet all that had befallen her must surely have driven away the bright birds, one by one, from her breast. As it was, made of more sombre clay, capable of deep happiness, but more easily drawn to the dark than the light, Fuchsia was even more open to the cruel winds of circumstance which appeared to have singled her out for particular punishment.
William Henry Danforth|Being a regular in a television series, for me - if I wanted to be a cop, I woulda went to cop school. If I wanted to be a doctor, I would've gone to medical school. You get trapped in your normal episodic television shows, basically doing the same thing.
George Clooney|I know some people who've gotten tattoos that they probably shouldn't have, like the name of somebody they were dating, and that never ends well.
Margaret J. Wheatley|I will ensure the conservative legacy and leadership of Tom Price, Johnny Isakson, and Newt Gingrich will continue.
Eckhart Tolle, A New Earth: Awakening to Your Life's Purpose|Don’t stop writing until someone pries the pen from your cold, dead hands.
Roald Dahl, The BFG|A whizzpopper!" cried the BFG, beaming at her. "Us giants is making whizzpoppers all the time! Whizzpopping is a sign of happiness. It is music in our ears! You surely is not telling me that a little whizzpopping if forbidden among human beans?
Dee Remy, There Once Was A Boy|How do people know they are sane? Can a person be gripped by lunacy, only to be released a short time later, never to relive the episode again?
Erasmus|Young bodies are like tender plants, which grow and become hardened to whatever shape you've trained them.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|a young man is still a boy, and a boy sometimes has the right to be stubborn.
Steven Cuoco|What happens after death is so glorious that our imagination, our feelings do not suffice to form even an approimate conception of it. Memories and Dreams,Carl Jung
Mehmet Murat ildan|And he knew at that moment that love world never die, that it would never fade away altogether. The time might come when he would meet and marry someone else. He might even be reasonably happy. But there would always be a deep precious place in his heart that belonged to his first real love.
Wilkie Collins|Nature's voice and Nature's beauty---God's soothing and purifying angels of the soul---speak to me most tenderly and most happily, at such times as these.
Joss Stirling, Finding Sky|Get out of here. Yoda so does not have an English accent!''Other than that you're saying I'm a dead ringer?''If the shoe fits.''Sheesh, I hate tall girls.
Henry B. Eyring|Adolescence represents an inner emotional upheaval, a struggle between the eternal human wish to cling to the past and the equally powerful wish to get on with the future.
Reyna Pryde, Bound by Sacrifice|Wounds may heal, but the scars remain.
Eberhard Arnold, Salt and Light: Talks and Writings on the Sermon on the Mount|We must have the love that exists among children, for with them love rules without any special purpose.
Michele Jaffe, Prom Nights from Hell|Are you wearing space pants?" Miranda asked him."What?"How did it end? oh, right. "Because your butt is fine."He gazed at her in that way he had like he was measuring her for straitjacket. "I think-" he started, then stopped and seemed to be having trouble talking. Cleared his throat three times before saying, "I think the line is 'because your butt is out of this world.""Oh. That makes a lot more sense. I can see that. See, I read this book about how to get guys to like you and they said it was a line that never failed but i got interrupted in the middle and the line before it was about china-not the country, the kind you eat off of-and that is where the fine part was but i must have gotten them confused. He just kept staring at her.
C. JoyBell C.|The kindness that we receive from others in life, is also the kindness that we will want to give. The harshness that we receive from others in life, will also be the harshness that we will give. But true strength lies in seeing the harshness that we have received in life; and living in such a way so that that others will never feel the same from us.
Eugen Herrigel, Zen in the Art of Archery|You’ve got to live right, too. It’s the way you live that predisposes you to avoid the traps and see the right facts. You want to know how to paint a perfect painting? It’s easy. Make yourself perfect and then just paint naturally. That’s the way all the experts do it. The making of a painting or the fixing of a motorcycle isn’t separate from the rest of your existence. If you’re a sloppy thinker the six days of the week you aren’t working on your machine, what trap avoidance, what gimmicks, can make you all of a sudden sharp on the seventh? It all goes together ... The real cycle you're working in is a cycle called yourself. The machine that appears to be "out there" and the person that appears to be "in here" are not two separate things. They grow toward Qaulity or fall away from Qaulity together.
Shraddha Tiwari|Let's face it. you become a deeper person amidst adversity. You become a more perceptive, strong, resilient person when life is not handed to you on a silver platter held by a butler.
Storm Constantine, The Bewitchments of Love and Hate|I found it hateful, yet I wanted to be part of it.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|His hatred for her was now as solid as the boards he lay on, as the stones ringing the firepit.
Sunday Adelaja|It was not by gentle sweetness and self-abnegation that order was brought out of chaos; it was by strict method, by stern discipline, by rigid attention to detail, by ceaseless labor, by the fixed determination of an indomitable will.
Boy George|I am deeply impressed with the gravity and wisdom with which most federal judges approach the responsibility of sentencing. It is a difficult, soul-searching task at best.
Dee Marie, Sons of Avalon: Merlin's Prophecy|Chase your dreams until you catch them...and then dream, catch, and dream again! 
Jonathan Friesen, Both of Me|No, no. Not a genius. This is like what reading is like for you. You look at the squiggles and loops, and the puzzle opens until suddenly nothing means something, something more than the sum of the parts, right? I see one hunk of metal and then another, and the puzzle opens. They turn in my mind and just make sense. Together they all mean something.
B.G. Bowers, Death and Life|The loss of innocence is inevitable, but the death of innocence disturbs the natural order. The death of innocence causes an imbalance and initiates an internal war that manifests differently in each individual, but almost always includes anger, withdrawal and severe depression.
Margaret Atwood|It was dawning on the wizards that they were outside the University, at night and without permission, for the first time in decades. A certain suppressed excitement crackled from man to man. Any watch trained in reading body language would have been prepared to bet that, after the click, someone was going to suggest that they might as well go somewhere and have a few drinks, and then someone else would fancy a meal, and then there was always room for a few more drinks, and then it would be 5 a.m. and the city guards would be respectfully knocking on the University gates and asking if the Archchancellor would care to step down to the cells to identify some alleged wizards who were singing an obscene song in six-part harmony, and perhaps he would also care to bring some money to pay for all the damage. Because inside every old person is a young person wondering what happened.
Bret Easton Ellis, Lunar Park|The reassuring smile was now useless. I was plastic. Everything was veiled. Objectivity, facts, hard information--these were things only in the outline stage. There was nothing tying anything together yet, so the mind built up a defense, and the evidence was restructured, and that was what I tried to do on that morning--to restructure the evidence so it made sense--and that is what I failed at.
Jeffrey Eugenides, The Virgin Suicides|I know. You can be fine, and then,out of nowhere,a memory blindsides you.
Arnold Lobel|Books to the ceiling,Books to the sky,My pile of books is a mile high.How I love them! How I need them!I'll have a long beard by the time I read them.
Geoff Dyer, The Abundance: Narrative Essays Old and New|The discovery in art is often gradual, a process of minor discoveries riddled with uncertainties and the potential for making that which is discovered vanish before your eyes, like a mirage.
Yvonne Woon, Life Eternal|I now understood that real secrets were lonely. They planted themselves inside of you and expanded, until you felt like that was all you were-a lonely little secret, isolated in your experiences.
Abraham Lincoln|Organizational structures that allow divisions and departments to own their turf and people with long tenure to take root creates the same hardened group distinctions as Congressional redistricting to produce homogeneous voting blocs - all of which makes it easier to resist compromise, let alone collaboration.
Michael Scott|Whither is fled the visionary gleam? Where is it now, the glory and the dream?
Darnell Lamont Walker|Addiction does not cause partner abuse, and recovery from addiction does not “cure” partner abuse.
Betsy Cornwell|Where once I prayed for forgiveness from a father God who held up huge palms and said “Thou shalt not,” now I find peace with a sister god who takes my open hands in hers and says, “You will.
Robin Wall Kimmerer, Braiding Sweetgrass: Indigenous Wisdom, Scientific Knowledge, and the Teachings of Plants|What we contemplate here is more than ecological restoration; it is the restoration of relationship between plants and people. Scientists have made a dent in understanding how to put ecosystems back together, but our experiments focus on soil pH and hydrology—matter, to the exclusion of spirit. We might look to the Thanksgiving Address for guidance on weaving the two. We are dreaming of a time when the land might give thanks for the people.
Rock Peter| When perception and reality collide, we grow".
Bill Murray|If you're going to be at a job environment, you should love it. You shouldn't do it just for money. You should do it because you love it. And the money comes naturally.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|As far as it’s ideal that you get helped by people, it doesn't mean they are compelled to make your dreams come true without your own efforts.
James Alan Gardner, Ascending|Don't be such a party-pooper, missy --when you're well and truly screwed, either you just sit pissing yourself or you invent some reason to hope.
Cristina Rayne, Claimed by the Elven King: The Complete Edition|Sethian grabbed my trembling hips in a bruising hold and began to thrust up into me almost violently, capturing my lips again in an equally bruising kiss.
Deborah Blake, Wickedly Ever After|Couldn't I just take up juggling fire over a pit of alligators?" Liam muttered. "I think it might be easier.
Avijeet Das|When I see you smile, I feel a volcano of lovely eruptions happening within my heart!
Erin M. Truesdale|I love my style of writing. Nope, it's not the most poetic stuff you've ever read but you know, it can evoke emotions and images and smells and sensations, and that is what I set out to do.
Christopher McDougall|Vary your training, your running partners, and your environment. Only your imagination limits the ways you can spice up your running routine.
Mickey Drexler|I think we so often equate leadership with being experts - the leader is supposed to come in and fix things. But in this interconnected world we live in now, it's almost impossible for just one person to do that.
Wayne Chirisa|The depth of love is immeasurable, when you scale it, you will only see and experience it to the degree of your scales.
Miranda Esmonde-White|Life is programmed to live,Life is created to live, Life does not surrender easily,We can be strongIf we choose to be strongWe can be energeticIf we choose to be energeticWe can be pain-freeIf we choose to be pain-freeWe ccan be independentIf we choose to be independent.But if we choose all tha, we must choose to move.We must choose to exercise!
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|People may not see you the way you see yourself. But, that's because they don't want to acknowledge your uniqueness. Jealousy is not disguised.
Johann Lamont|The only thing I liked about Christmas as a kid was the gifts; otherwise, it just seemed like a stressful time.
Alex Bledsoe, Wisp of a Thing|I believe I may assert that they were really in possession of deep and growing happiness. It ended. Well, we must be for ourselves in the long run; the mild and generous are only more justly selfish than the domineering- and it ended when circumstances caused each to feel that the one's interest was not in the chief consideration in the other's thoughts.
Kazuya Minekura, Wild Adapter, Volume 5|Act like everyone you meet is an angel, because sometimes they will be an angel. Would you cuss out that person if you knew that they were an angel that was about to save your life in a few seconds?
P. J. O'Rourke|If I ever have downtime, I'm usually sitting in my place playing video games. Or eating sandwiches somewhere, or watching sports some place.
Shaikh Ashraf, Friendship, Love & Sacrifice|I felt alone, my loneliness suffocated me, and I craved to scream, shout and kill me while seeing all this. However, self-hatred also occupied me.
Benjamin Disraeli|No economy can succeed without a high-quality workforce, particularly in an age of globalization and technical change.
Deyth Banger|I didn't want to come off arrogant or conceited, or basically how I've been acting the past year, year and a half ... although what's happened in the past has happened, I just want to ... be kind and loving and gentle and soft.
Van Harden, Life in the Purple Wedge!|Fear is an enemy to fight and defeat and not an enemy to fear. Fear of falling, fear of the unknown, fear of making mistakes, fear of trying new ideas, fear of failure or fear of those already there."~ Ikechukwu Joseph
Newt Gingrich|You wake up in the morning and you look at your old spoon, and you say to yourself, 'Mick, it's time to get yourself a new spoon.' And you do.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|When you are in love, you always want to be with your lover.
Halsey|If you can lie, you can act, and if you can lie to crazy girlfriends, you can act under pressure.
Debasish Mridha|I am not the human being that you see. I am the light. In my heart, I feel dances of electromagnetic waves of love and spirit.
Rebecca Solnit, The Mother of All Questions|In contemporary parlance, sex is biological and gender is socially constructed.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|More often than not- Life moves really fast! It's only for you to pause and breathe! Sadly, none else can do that for you!
Elisabeth Moss|I do not want to be the angel of any home: I want for myself what I want for other women, absolute equality. After that is secured, then men and women can take turns being angels.
Sourav Adhikari|Thoughts made our future, Choose your thoughts wisely.
Terry a O'Neal|In art, music, and writing, if it's not of the heart, it means nothing.
Sheldon Rampton, Trust Us, We're Experts!: How Industry Manipulates Science and Gambles with Your Future|Just as war is too important to leave it to the generals, science and technology are too important to leave in the hands of the experts.
Mary Baker Eddy|Happiness is spiritual, born of truth and love. It is unselfish; therefore it cannot exist alone, but requires all mankind to share it.
Bryan Procter|Love is not only something you feel, it is something you do.
Toni Sorenson, Aligned By Christ|I always miss the depth , It becomes old when I see . To see beyond that is like a dream. Memory Loss .
Roger Deakin|I have an ambition to live 300 years. I will not live 300 years. Maybe I will live one year more. But I have the ambition. Why you will not have ambition? Why? Have the greatest ambition possible. You want to be immortal? Fight to be immortal. Do it. You want to make the most fantastic art or movie? Try. If you fail, is not important. We need to try.
Tiger Woods|Since the governments are in the pockets of businesses, who's going to control this most powerful institution? Business is more powerful than politics, and it's more powerful than religion. So it's going to have to be the vigilante consumer.
Paul Ryan|I do not understand how it is that financial institutions could think that they could take taxpayer money and then turn around and act like it's business as usual. I don't understand how they can't see that the world has changed in a fundamental way, that it is not business as usual when you take taxpayer dollars.
William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet|Her blood is settled, and her joints are stiff;Life and these lips have long been separated:Death lies on her like an untimely frostUpon the sweetest flower of all the field.
Muriel Spark, Aiding and Abetting|On the worst day of writing, the work is instructive. On the best day, the act is transcendent.
Sherman Alexie, The Toughest Indian in the World|Silence, like madness, is only comparative.
Lauren Willig, The Garden Intrigue|This was what the poets couldn't put in their poetry, she thought dumbly, the rush of desire so fierce and pure it made one shake, all on the force of a word.
Alex Steffen|The universe began in an instant, is expanding, and exhibits design, order, and complexity. Every effect must have a Cause, and design must have a Designer.
Tanzy Sayadi, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|It's been awhile since I have heard from you,To me it felt like it was only yesterday that all we could do was talk to each otherTo me it felt like it was only yesterday that I'd fall asleep with you on my mind and be awakened with a smile from your morning messagesTo me it felt like it was only yesterday that you started to back away, when I was in a dark placeTo me it felt like it was only yesterday when you left my mind and heart in a million pieces
Harry Guntrip, Schizoid Phenomena, Object Relations and the Self|Complaints of feeling cut off, shut off, out of touch, feeling apart or strange, of things being out of focus or unreal, of not feeling one with people, or of the point having gone out of life, interest flagging, things seeming futile and meaningless, all describe in various ways this state of mind. Patients usually call it 'depression', but it lacks the heavy, black, inner sense of brooding, of anger and of guilt, which are not difficult to discover in classic depression. Depression is really a more extraverted state of mind, which, while the patient is turning his aggression inwards against himself, is part of a struggle not to break out into overt angry and aggressive behaviour. The states described above are rather the 'schizoid states'. They are definitely introverted. Depression is object-relational. The schizoid person has renounced objects, even though he still needs them.
Autumn Christian, The Crooked God Machine|The human brain has the unique ability to doubt the reality presented to itself. To comprehend the dissonance between ideas and the truth of the surrounding world. God knows this, and it infuriates him. It terrifies him.
Marcus Wohlsen, Biopunk: Kitchen-Counter Scientists Hack the Software of Life|Modernism isn't a design ethos any more, it's an economy of scale, and a marketing tool to sell the ordinary as something special, the sexless as erotic. A technological device without a specific, personalized identity has a subtext: it asserts the value of instrumentality. Its design is a reflection of its role... The anonymity of these objects is part of what they are: interchangeable commodities whose uniqueness in so far as they possess any is created by what is done with them. Function is an identity. And that identity is something we are encouraged to incorporate into our perception of self, that anonymity is proposed as something to emulate. Whimsy and uniqueness are indulgences.
Tony Hendra, Father Joe: The Man Who Saved My Soul|Remember: God's grief at the unspeakable things we do to one another is beyond measuring, but so is His mercy. It might seem a terrible thing to say to people who've lost and suffered so much at the hands of hatred and violence. But true courage is not to hate our enemy, any more than to fight and kill him. To love him, to love in the teeth of his hate—that is real bravery. That ought to earn people m-m-medals.
Sunday Adelaja|Your identity should not be fully defined by what you do, by being a manager, a wife, a mother of children or a computer programmer
Judith Hanson Lasater|The word "yoga" literally means "uniting", because when you're doing it you are uniting your mind and your body. You can tell this almost immediately because your mind will be thinking, "Ouch, that hurts," and your body will say, "I know." And your mind will think, "You have to get out of this position." And your body will say, "I agree with you, but I can't right now. I think I'm stuck.
Tony Campolo|When you're learning, especially to write, unless you're some incredibly gifted writer, a young Malcom Gladwell, say, you need to be imitating people. You need to be imitating how they make their work, how they structure it, how they design the pieces. It gives you chops; it gives you moves.
Dambisa Moyo|Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it.
Julian Fellowes, Belgravia|Longing for the ideal while criticizing the real is evidence of immaturity. On the other hand, settling for the real without striving for the ideal is complacency. Maturity is living with the tension.
Laura Smith|Kayla jumped down off of the monkey bars. I thought she was going to apologize. Instead, she pointed at Becky and laughed as hard as she could.My blood boiled. I glared at her so hard that I thought that lasers would shoot out of my eyes and burn a hole through her. Without thinking, I stood up, walked over to Kayla, and slapped her across the face as hard as I could. I had never hit anyone who wasn’t my brother and sister, and I had never hit them as hard as I hit her. My hand stung. I grabbed it and held it between my knees. Kayla squealed, grabbed her face, and ran home. Ashley just looked at me. I reached for Becky, helped her to her feet, and we ran to our house.- The Castle Park Kids
Rick Riordan, The Sea of Monsters|In so far as the mind sees things in their eternal aspect, it participates in eternity.
Adam Gidwitz, A Tale Dark & Grimm|Once upon a time, fairy tales were AWESOME!
Brandon Sanderson, Steelheart|if you are always drinking, you should probably never drive
Duane G. Carey|Think Indonesia and tourism, and the first thing that comes to mind is probably Bali. Think golf holiday, and most people would dream of Scotland or Ireland. But Indonesia harbors one of the best-kept secrets in the world of travel: it is a golfer's paradise.
Carolina Herrera|Vocally, I have learned to find my strength, and my voice has developed a lot since 'Be Here.' I learned to sing with all of my body.
Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason|To us investigators, the concept 'soul' is irrelevant and a matter for laughter.
Sara Paretsky|When a battle for suffrage is conducted, it should only be conducted according to socialist principles, and therefore with the demand of universal suffrage for women and men.
L.M. Boston, The Sea Egg|We spent afternoons kicking around in the sand, picking through the seaweed for shells, making headdresses of washed-up fishing ropes and hats from Styrofoam cups. Beach rats, we were called.We stopped brushing our hair, and it hung in tangles spun by the salt air. We sprayed Sun-In across our heads and let it turn our hair orange in patches. Our skin peeled, and we didn't much care.We woke up to the feel of sand in our sheets. We covered ourselves in baby oil and iodine and let the sun bake our skin. We smelled like Love's Baby Soft perfume, like summer all year long. We were tanned, with freckles across our noses.
Alex Kapranos|I painted the picture, and in the colors the rhythm of the music quivers. I painted the colors I saw.
The Wanted|Butterflies, butterfliesThey were meant to flyYou and i, you and iWe were colours in the sky
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Women rescue men just as much as, if not more than, men rescue women.
René Crevel, Putting My Foot in It|Regretfully, but I have to admit that A. Einstein was right. -''Who?''. Oh, there was such a guy...
David Hieatt, Do Purpose: Why Brands with a Purpose Do Better and Matter More|Three factors must be present for meaningful organisational change to take place. These factors are:D= Dissatisfaction with how things are now. V= Vision of what is possible.F= First, concrete steps that can be takentowards the vision.If the product of these three factors is greater than R = Resistance then change is possible.
John Rampton|It's strange. At some point in your career, the situation between yourself and the camera reverses. For a certain number of years, you court it and you need it, but ultimately, it needs you more, and it's a bit like a relationship. The minute that happens, it turns you off... and it does feel like it is taking something from you.
Rodolfo Costa, Advice My Parents Gave Me: and Other Lessons I Learned from My Mistakes|Erase from your vocabulary the word “someday.” Do not save things for “special occasions.” Take into account the fact that every day is special. Every day is a gift that we must appreciate and be thankful for. Wear your attractive clothes, wear your nice perfume, use your fine silverware and dishes, and drink from your expensive crystal glasses … just because. Live every day to the fullest and savor every minute of it.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Book of Wisdom|As you fight any war, sometimes the result may be defeat. Learn to be heroic even in your defeats.
Darlene Ballard, God's Rose A Testimony of God's Love|You are unique. You are the only one in all of God's creation with your set of fingerprints--and your set of pain and experiences. You are special, and you are rare. The way the people in your life have treated you is absolutely no reflection of your value. It is only a reflection of their own pain and misery.Remember, it doesn't matter where you've been--only where you're going. Because life isn't what you get--it's what you give!!
Ruth Dugdall, The Sacrificial Man|Rise from those dumps of depression!Bury those personal regrets deep inside! Focus on self-healing, self-loveOnly trust can keep you alive.Miniscule moments of hope awning aroundFloating like bubbles but burst without a soundDuress of living with mixed thoughtsFlying on the wings of optimism I thrive!
Vishvendra Singh Nathawat|Don't be an Extraordinary, you have to be extra in Extraordinary
Anne Morrow Lindbergh|It isn't for the moment you are struck that you need courage, but for that long uphill climb back to sanity and faith and security.
Emily Thorne|Darkness scares us. We yearn for the comfort of light as it provides shape and form, allowing us to recognize and define what's before us. But what is it we're afraid of really? Not the darkness itself, but the truth we know hides within.
H.G. Bissinger|There is something cathartic about what has happened to me during this stay in hospital. I’ve heard others say that coming face to face with your own mortality can have this effect. You look with harsh, savage eyes at the life you are living and resolve to make the best of the time you have left, if you can be allowed the luxury of a few extra years to fulfill your plans. Around me, I see an urgency creep into the lives of friends once they have an AIDS diagnosis: they rush out and try to complete as many life projects as they can, before their health deteriorates.
Katie Crouch and Grady Hendrix, The White Glove War|[M]y grandmother...had always complained that our house didn't have a profile that was "significant enough.
Stephen M. Irwin, The Dead Path|Try to choose carefully, Arren, when the great choices must be made. {...} But each deed you do, each act, binds you to itself and to its consequences, and makes you act again and yet again. Then very seldom do you come upon a space, a time like this, between act and act, when you may stop and simply be.
Jeanette Winterson, The Daylight Gate|Here comes a pair of very strange beast, which in all tongues are called "fools".
Angie karan|Acquiring a blissful brain and in peace, is when I think positively, the sounds around and within me become music, my movement as one of a conscious dance, my smile breaking in to an infectious laughter, my mind transcending in meditation, and my life grows and becomes a celebration!
Ellen J. Barrier, The Price We Must Pay for Our Father's Sins|The choices we make in life are equally important to us, as those of others are to them. It is an arrogant attitude in the mind of those who feel superior to believe their choices are better than others. Having respect for others regardless of who they are is the greatest choice anyone can make.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Here I Am|In the struggle between yourself and the world, side with the world
Nancy S. Mure|We are living in times that demand more and more of our brains and muscles, of our nerves and physical energy. Only those who are strong and know how to keep it so, can stand the wear and tear. It pays to stop once in a while to look over our machinery and oil the parts that need it.
Danielle Esplin, Give It Back|The saddest thing is that every love has an unhappy ending, and all the more unhappy in proportion to how divinely it began, with what wings it first took flight.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Whatever you dream of, there will be fulfillment.
Ramakrishna|Eventually, we reach the point where we start to realize that we are not going to find peace, contentment, happiness, strength, fearlessness - all of the things that in our heart of hearts we wish we had - outside of us.
Nick Hornby, The Polysyllabic Spree|I'm never going to complain about receiving free early copies of books, because clearly there's nothing to complain about, but it does introduce a rogue element into one's otherwise carefully plotted reading schedule. ...Being a reader is sort of like being president, except reading involves fewer state dinners, usually. You have this agenda you want to get through, but you get distracted by life events, e.g., books arriving in the mail/World War III, and you are temporarly deflected from your chosen path. 
Gita V. Reddy, Cinderella's Escape|Yes, it was a "beautiful" sermon, tugging the emotions and conjuring up pictures of greatness and peace. But were they talking about the decent peppery ordinary old man he knew, or had the subject strayed to the story of some saint of the past? Or were there perhaps two men being buried under the same name? One perhaps had shown himself to Ross, while the other had been reserved for the view of men like William-Alfred. Ross tried to remember Charles before he was ill, Charles with his love of cockfighting and his hearty appetite, with his perpetual flatulence and passion for gin, with his occasional generosities and meannesses and faults and virtues, like most men. There was some mistake somewhere. Oh well, this was a special occasion...But Charles himself would surely have been amused. Or would he have shed a tear with the rest for the manner of man who had passed away?
Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being|A dog might feel as majestic as a lion, might bark as loud as a roar, might have a heart as mighty and brave as a Lion's heart,But at the end of the day, a dog is a dog and a lion is a lion.
Shelly Pratt, Sanctuary of Mine|I feel like you're my destiny, you're my everything and I think I have to thank her for that. Don't ever leave me, okay? 'Cause if you do, I think you might just take a bit of my soul with you.
Ira Barin|You're screwed when you start to notice the details,It's when you begin to notice the curve of his lips when he smiles.It's when you can't help but stare at him and the way he talks.It's when you get to admire the shape of his eyes and even the length of his brow.And even crazier, when you get to see the flash of his face in your mind on a random day or it's when you have his favorite facial expression stuck in your memory. . . And worse when you start to have it all in your mind, then you start to miss him.
Jacqueline Simon Gunn|This is what I always said to André: you never know. You never know what the future may bring. I just knew that whatever time we had together, whether one year or thirty-four, I wanted it. I wanted him. Regardless of the consequences. When a love like that comes your way, you grab, hold, cherish it – you live it. You don’t allow it to pass by. It is rare and precious. If you are lucky, you’ll have it once in a lifetime. Will I be allowed to live it twice? I doubt it, even if I wish it were possible. Periodically, I sit quietly and stare into space and understand that I am only forty, and it is behind me.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Live by your impulses, and you'll be just like them. You're better than that, aren't you, Red?
Gavin Maxwell, Raven, Seek Thy Brother|I once believed man was different from other animals, but Yodok showed me that reality doesn't support this opinion. In the camp, there was no difference between man and beast, except maybe that a very hungry human was capable of stealing food from its little ones while an animal, perhaps, was not.
R.v.m.|You spend your TIME to make a DIME. You lose your HEALTH to make your WEALTH, but at the end it is FUNNY because you leave back all your MONEY.
Elizabeth von Arnim, The Solitary Summer|I want to be as idle as I can, so that my soul may have time to grow.
Jonas Jonasson|Tears ache in my throat and each time his lips caress mine I’m closer to the dam within me bursting open. He’s undoing me, tearing out my demons with burning strokes of his lips and the salty taste of his mouth. In his arms, I’m changing, becoming anew.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I am likely to fail if I have determined the cost as too high or my intelligence as too low. Yet, if I think about it, the real failure rests in believing either of these to be true.
C.I. Dennis, Tanzi's Heat|So much for the bimbo alert; if she read books like that, then there was a light on upstairs, above the splendid front porch.
Michael Unks, Awesome in Hours: 7 Easily Obtainable Qualities, 35 Practical Take-aways to becoming an Awesome Individual|Even when someone hurts you, find the strength to forgive them, understand them, and let it go.
Apolo Ohno|The photograph reverses the purpose of travel, which until now had been to encounter the strange and unfamiliar.
Gloria Steinem, The Vagina Monologues|I didn’t hear words that were accurate, much less prideful. For example, I never once heard the word clitoris. It would be years before I learned that females possessed the only organ in the human body with no function than to feel pleasure. (If such an organ were unique to the male body, can you imagine how much we would hear about it—and what it would be used to justify?)
Micheal Slusher|It's well established that when people are places in uncomfortably negative situations, they will frequently resort to dark humor as a coping mechanism to help relieve some of the heaviness that surrounds them.
Sean Combs|The more we elaborate our means of communication, the less we communicate.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|Their guilt plus their repentance should have equalled forgiveness. But they don’t feel forgiven, so they failed, which makes them feel guilty, which was why they repented in the first place, so they’re stuck right where they started: Guilty.
Edwin Mullins, The Pilgrimage to Santiago|There is of course a deep spiritual need which the pilgrimage seems to satisfy, particularly for those hardy enough to tackle the journey on foot.
Katherine Paterson|When something terrible happens, a lifetime of small events and unremarkable decisions, of unresolved anger, and unexplored fears begins to play itself out in ways you least expect. You've been going along from one day to the next, not realizing that all those disparate words and gestures were adding up to something, a conclusion, you didn't anticipate. And later, when you begin to retrace your steps you see that you will need to reach back further than you could have imagined, beyond words and thoughts and even dreams, perhaps to make sense of what happened.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead|Nature does not ask your permission, she has nothing to do with your wishes, and whether you like her laws or dislike them, you are bound to accept her as she is, and consequently all her conclusions.
Peter L. Bergen|Judy, we think that since the 11th of September, 2001, we've faced a similar heightened threat level. And we've been enhancing both the exchange of intelligence and security information and the assessment of that information, because that's the crucial element.
Julian Barnes|What could be put up against the noise of time? Only that music which is inside ourselves - the music of our being - which is transformed by some into real music. Which, over the decades, if it is string and true and pure enough to drown out the noise of time, is transformed into the whisper of history.
Emmi Itäranta, Memory of Water|As long as they don't know, I am safe
Cheryl Strayed|Today is a new canvas, paint it with all your favorite colors.
Neal Stephenson, Seveneves|Most of the people on the Cloud Ark were going to have to be women.There were other reasons for it besides just making more babies. Research on the long-term effects of spaceflight suggested that women were less susceptible to radiation damage than men. They were smaller on average, requiring less space, less food, less air. And sociological studies pointed to the idea that they did better when crammed together in tight spaces for long periods of time. This was controversial, as it got into fraught topics of nature vs. nurture and whether gender identity was a social construct or a genetic program.
Rae Carson|As a child, I didn't know what I didn't have. I'm thankful for the challenges early on in my life because now I have a perspective on the world and kind of know what's important.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|It is very difficult to be learned; it seems as if people were worn out on the way to great thoughts, and can never enjoy them because they are too tired.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|It has always been a happy thought to me that the creek runs on all night, new every minute, whether I wish it or know it or care, as a closed book on a shelf continues to whisper to itself its own inexhaustible tale. So many things have been shown so to me on these banks, so much light has illumined me by reflection here where the water comes down, that I can hardly believe that this grace never flags, that the pouring from ever-renewable sources is endless, impartial, and free.
Jamie Lee Curtis|There are certain things about me that I will never tell to anyone because I am a very private person. But basically, what you see is who I am. I'm independent, I do like to be liked, I do look for the good side of life and people. I'm positive, I'm disciplined, I like my life in order, and I'm neat as a pin.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|If only you knew who you really were you would be fearless and love yourself with a grand passion! You are a unique shard of God, the Universe, the whole or whatever label you would like to call it. No one can take your place and without you endless synchronicity and evolution would not happen. You are so powerful that just by walking down the street you can change someone's life forever.
Debasish Mridha|Always write to change society for the better. You will go, but it will live forever as a treasure.
Dada Bhagwan|We’ had come to identify who was behind all the prodding and the pushing. Everything that happens to you, is really your very own. “Nobody is responsible for ‘you’. ‘You’ are whole and sole responsible for yourself.
Ron Finley|You know, once something freezes, it's solid. That's the key to the arctic - they didn't fear the cold, they made use of it.
Ivor Cutler, Scots Wa' Straw|How do you knowyou're a girl?I'm wearing a frock.And if you take it off?I get cold, so I putit back on.If I was a boy, I don't know what I'd do.
Norton Juster, The Phantom Tollbooth|Time is a gift, given to you, given to give you the time you need, the time you need to have the time of your life. 
Lange Weile, Pressure|In short, whoever does violence to truth or its expression eventually mutilates justice, even though he thinks he is serving it. From this point of view, we shall deny to the very end that a press is true because it is revolutionary; it will be revolutionary only if it is true, and never otherwise.
Andrew Wommack, A Better Way to Pray|God wants to meet your needs, but seeking to receive something from Him shouldn’t dominate your prayer life.
Emily Giffin, Baby Proof|You will be burning alive, when the ones who meant the world to you leaves for no reasons..... In fact, its not their absence which is hurting, but its the memories of their presence which is tearing your heart apart.....
Elizabeth Reaser|I did a film called 'Puccini for Beginners,' which was a romantic comedy, and I always wanted to do more, but I kept doing drama.
John Taylor Gatto|Individuality, family, and community are, by definition, expressions of singular organization, never of "one-right-way" thinking on the grand scale. Children and families need some relief from government surveillance and intimidation if original expressions belonging to THEM are to develop. Without these freedom has no meaning.
Laini Taylor, Daughter of Smoke & Bone|If you can kill it, or it can kill you, it's real.
Donna M. Zadunajsky, Help Me!|He loved her; in some ways he was devoted to her. But he couldn't reach her, and it was the same on her side. It was as if they'd drunk some fatal potion that would keep them forever apart, even though they lived in the same house, ate at the same table, slept in the same bed.
Julius Evola|American women are characteristically frigid and materialistic. The man who 'has his way' with an American girl is under a material obligation to her. The woman has granted a material favour. In cases of divorce American law overwhelmingly favours the woman. American women will divorce readily enough when they see a better bargain. It is frequently the case in America that a woman will be married to one man but already 'engaged' to a future husband, the man she plans to marry after a profitable divorce.
Brandon Garic Notch|Motivation gets you started, and inspiration keeps you going.
Deyth Banger|Why do you think it is stupid to go to windows instead of to doors?”“Because you advertise what you’re trying to hide, silly. If I have a secret, I don’t put tape over my mouth and let everyone know I have a secret. I talk just as much as usual, only about something else. Didn’t you ever read any of the sayings of Salvor Hardin? He was our first Mayor, you know.”“Yes, I know.”“Well, he used to say that only a lie that wasn’t ashamed of itself could possibly succeed. He also said that nothing had to be true, but everything had to sound true. Well, when you come in through a window, it’s a lie that’s ashamed of itself and it doesn’t sound true.”“Then what would you have done?”“If I had wanted to see my father on top secret business, I would have made his acquaintance openly and seen him about all sorts of strictly legitimate things. And then when everyone knew all about you and connected you with my father as a matter of course, you could be as top secret as you wanted and nobody would ever think of questioning it.
Norman Mailer|If you're running a dictatorship, you don't really have to worry about the welfare or the property rights of the ordinary citizen. Only the people who keep you in power, a very small group, matter.
Marianne Williamson, Everyday Grace: Having Hope, Finding Forgiveness And Making Miracles|Harry Potter is one boy in a long line of mythical heroes who have reminded the human race that we are so much more than we think we are, so much more powerful than we seem to know. Jesus said that we would someday do even greater works than He; should we not take Him at His word? And should not 'someday' be today? It's time for us to start working miracles, if indeed we have the capacity within us to do so.
Debasish Mridha|To enjoy the freshness of life, be simple like water.
Robin Sacredfire|I find it quite intriguing that the one observing me as different, immediately assumes that there's something wrong with me, but never, not even for one instant, questions the possibility of the opposite. It's truly amazing that the ones with more certainties, the most arrogant and the most selfish, are indeed the most stupid inside society. They are so dumb and ignorant that they can't see a writer in front of their nose. And the more the writer types, talks and thinks, the more they think that this separation, this difference, grants them some form of superiority. Indeed, the light pushes demons into hell. The brighter your light, the faster you differentiate others. The way of the light was never meant for the weak, which are a majority. And this majority will always ignore the light, as demons fearing and hating angels. And so, it's interesting that without artists God would not have a way to reach the world. And yet, without the ignorant, Satan wouldn't have a way to stop God.
Gary L. Francione|An abolitionist is, as I have developed that notion, one who (1) maintains that we cannot justify animal use, however “humane” it may be; (2) rejects welfare campaigns that seek more “humane” exploitation, or single-issue campaigns that seek to portray one form of animal exploitation as morally worse than other forms of animal exploitation (e.g., a campaign that seeks to distinguish fur from wool or leather); and (3) regards veganism, or the complete rejection of the consumption or use of any animal products, as a moral baseline. An abolitionist regards creative, nonviolent vegan education as the primary form of activism, because she understands that the paradigm will not shift until we address demand and educate people to stop thinking of animals as things we eat, wear, or use as our resources.
Harold C. Goddard, The Meaning of Shakespeare, Volume 2|Diseases desperate grown,By desperate appliance are relieved,Or not at all.
David Crosby|Your emotions are exposed when you play golf: humility, pride, anger, it all comes out with each swing. You lay it all on the line.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Americanah|Dear Non-American Black, when you make the choice to come to America, you become black. Stop arguing. Stop saying I'm Jamaican or I'm Ghanaian. America doesn't care.
Immanuel Kant|This experiment succeeds as hoped and promises to metaphysics, in its first part, which deals with those *a priori* concepts to which the corresponding objects may be given in experience, the secure course of a science. For by thus changing our point of view, the possibility of *a priori* knowledge can well be explained, and, what is still more, the laws which *a priori* lie at the foundation of nature, as the sum total of the objects of experience, may be supplied with satisfactory proofs, neither of which was possible within the procedure hitherto adopted. But there arises from this deduction of our faculty of knowing *a priori*, as given in the first part of metaphysics, a somewhat startling result, apparently most detrimental to that purpose of metaphysics which has to be treated in its second part, namely the impossibly of using this faculty to transcend the limits of possible experience, which is precisely the most essential concern of the science of metaphysics. But here we have exactly the experiment which, by disproving the opposite, establishes the truth of the first estimate of our *a priori* rational knowledge, namely, that it is directed only at appearances and must leave the thing in itself as real for itself but unknown to us. For that which necessarily impels us to to go beyond the limits of experience and of all appearances is the *unconditioned*, which reason rightfully and necessarily demands, aside from everything conditioned, in all things in themselves, so that the series of conditions be completed. If, then, we find that, under the supposition that our empirical knowledge conforms to objects as things in themselves, the unconditioned *cannot be thought without contradiction*, while under the supposition that our representation of things as they are given to us does not conform to them as things in themselves, but, on the contrary, that these objects as appearance conform to our mode of representation, then *the contradiction vanishes*; and if we find, therefore, that the unconditioned cannot be encountered in things insofar as we are acquainted with them (insofar as they are given to us), but only in things insofar as we are not acquainted with them, that is, insofar as they are things in themselves; then it becomes apparent that what we at first assumed only for the sake of experiment is well founded. However, with speculative reason unable to make progress in the field of the supersensible, it is still open to us to investigate whether in reason's practical knowledge data may not be found which would enable us to determine that transcendent rational concept of the unconditioned, so as to allow us, in accordance with the wish of metaphysics, to get beyond the limits of all possible experience with our *a priori* knowledge, which is possible in practical matters only. Within such a procedure, speculative reason has always at least created a space for such an expansion, even if it has to leave it empty; none the less we are at liberty, indeed we are summoned, to fill it, if we are able to do so, with practical *data* of reason."―from_Critique of Pure Reason_. Preface to the Second Edition. Translated, edited, and with an Introduction by Marcus Weigelt, based on the translation by Max Müller, pp. 19-21
Fred Allen|I like all the angels around because they protect me and my daughter. I mean, her Dad's an angel.
Cory Booker|Jews are known for many things, but strength, swiftness, and agility are not among them. There is one trait, as controversial as it is familiar, for which Jews are above all known, and that is shrewdness in business.
Marty Rubin|The chemists are a strange class of mortals, impelled by an almost insane impulse to seek their pleasures amid smoke and vapour, soot and flame, poisons and poverty; yet among all these evils I seem to live so sweetly that may I die if I were to change places with the Persian king.
Krishna Udayasankar, Kurukshetra|No one person is the cause for or consequence of all that happens. I am just the tenth man, the threshold, the turn in the tide. I stand here on the shoulders of humanity, a mere instrument of Time.– Govinda Shauri
|Don't let your clothes, shoes, and accessories define who you are in life; rather, let a positive personality shine bright on you and earn you the respect you truly deserve.
George R.R. Martin, A Clash of Kings|She had eyes that bore deep into his heart, bringing a sweet warm wave of assurance within; eyes that cradled him in the crisp black-and-white world on the other side of the picture, where life was, at least, beautifully lit.
Julie Klassen, The Silent Governess|At the door he turned and looked back. She stood, facing away from him, the sunlight from the window enshrouding her in an unmerited halo of gold. Perhaps, he thought, that was how God saw all His children. Selfish and fallen, yes. But in the forgiving light of His Son, each wore an unmerited halo
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Whenever we lose time, we are actually losing our life.
Annie Fisher, The Greater Picture|Out on the lawn, Bunny had just knocked Henry's ball about seventy feet outside the court. There was a ragged burst of laughter; faint, but clear, it floated back across the evening air. That laughter haunts me still.
Sarvesh Jain|Never ever let a stupid criticise you. And as we already know, everyone is stupid.
A.D. Posey|My life: under construction, but beautiful.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|Happy, even in anguish, is he to whom God has given a soul worthy of love and grief! He who has not seen the things of this world, and the heart of men in this double light, has seen nothing, and knows noting of the truth.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, The Complete Poems of Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|Awake! arise! the hour is late! Angels are knocking at thy door!They are in haste and cannot wait, And once departed come no more.Awake! arise! the athlete's arm Loses its strength by too much rest;The fallow land, the untilled farm Produces only weeds at best.
C. JoyBell C.|There is no quarrel between science and spirituality. I often hear people of science trying to use it to prove the nonexistence of the spiritual, but I simply can't see a chasm in between the two. What is spiritual produces what is scientific and when science is used to disprove the spiritual, it's always done with the intent to do so; a personal contempt. As a result, scientists today only prove their inferiority to the great founding fathers of the sciences who were practitioners of alchemy. Today's science is washed-out and scrubbed-down and robbed of everything mystical and spiritual, a knowledge born of contempt and discontent. Or perhaps, there are a few who wish to keep those secrets to themselves and serve everyone else up with a tasteless version of science and the idiots of today blindly follow their equally blind leaders.
Ruthie Lindsey|If you see something beautiful in someone, speak it.
Abhijit Naskar|I don't discuss evolution, to believe the theory is to deny many known evidences about the existence of a supreme creator (God) those who hold on to that view are in denials of reality and are by so doing ignorant
Anthony Storr, Feet of Clay: A Study of Gurus|Whether a belief is considered to be a delusion or not depends partly upon the intensity with which it is defended, and partly upon the numbers of people subscribing to it.
Katerina Stoykova Klemer|Writing is not a matter of time, but a matter or of space. If you don't keep space in your head for writing, you won't write even if you have the time.
Joyce Meyer|You can have Jesus in your spirit and have an outrageous mess in your soul, and if you don't know what that's called, it's called religion.
Amanda Craig, Hearts and Minds|It’s so easy to believe that others deserve their fate, and the fact was that if nobody bothered to help other people then the worst would always happen… She stares out of her window at the busy street, where the British go about their daily business, taking it for granted that they will never be arrested for not voting the right way, praying the right way, dressing the right way or for belonging to a different tribe.
Charles Duhigg|The health care system is really designed to reward you for being unhealthy. If you are a healthy person and work hard to be healthy, there are no benefits.
Shreyansh Jaiswal|But how do you wait for heavenAnd who has that much timeAnd how do you keep your feet on the groundWhen you know, that you were born, you were born to fly
Bertrand Russell, Sceptical Essays|I wish to propose for the reader's favourable consideration a doctrine which may, I fear, appear wildly paradoxical and subversive. The doctrine in question is this: that it is undesirable to believe a proposition when there is no ground whatever for supposing it true.
Jodi Picoult, Nineteen Minutes|It was easier for girls. They could say This hurts, or I don’t like how this feels, and have the complaint be socially acceptable. Boys, though, didn’t speak that language. They didn’t learn it as children and they didn’t manage to pick it up as adults, either.
Hansrajvir|LIFE IS A MAGIC, GOD IS THE MAGICIAN
Kevin N. Laland, Darwin's Unfinished Symphony: How Culture Made the Human Mind|What distinguishes a true competitor from a mere participant is that the competitor derives enjoyment from the nature of the competition aside from the prize at the end. She gets a rush from the gaming dynamics and appreciates the beauty of the game. At the end of the day, you play for the love of the game or not at all.
Samita Sarkar, I Am the Ocean|Although I had savored my solitude, there was a big difference between enjoying time to myself and feeling lonely. I had no reason to feel lonely because Lord Krishna, my friend and ever well-wisher, was with me the entire time.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|Everything that looks good may not be good for you. In life, we all take chances. You must carefully examine the pros and cons. People often times have certain hidden agendas. And, you might not realize until you're in too deep.
Robert Frost|Throughout it all, you are still, always, you: beautiful and bruised, known and unknowable.
S.R. Bakshi|Truth is not a prerequisite for belief, whilst belief is often times a catalyst for searching for one's own truth.
Marina Leigh Hatfield|Any school for free citizens must begin by teaching distrust, not trust. It must teach questioning, not acceptance of stock answers.
Jim Butcher, Turn Coat|The human mind isn't a terribly logical or consistent place. Most people, given the choice to face a hideous or terrifying truth or to conveniently avoid it, choose the convenience and peace of normality. That doesn't make them strong or weak people, or good or bad people. It just makes them people.
Rudolph Erich Raspe, The Surprising Adventures of Baron Munchausen|Some travellers are apt to advance more than is perhaps strictly true; if any of the company entertain a doubt of my veracity, I shall only say to such, I pity their want of faith, and must request they will take leave before I begin the second part of my adventures, which are as strictly founded in fact as those I have already related.
Drexel Deal, The Fight of My Life is Wrapped Up in My Father|When I hear and see young men like you and Troit, who have turned their lives around, it makes me feel good. We need to learn to love one another; there is just too much hate in this world. Supt. Allerdyce Strachan, the first female officer to rise to the rank of superintendent on the Royal Bahamas Police Force.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Many people ask about Christianity the same [way] they ask about everything else today: “What’s in it for me?” In our selfishness, we think of God as we think of everyone else. What can He contribute to us, personally?
Janusz Korwin-Mikke|I put the word "diagnosis" in quotes because I have not yet seen that case in which a "diagnosis" led to a "cure," or in fact to any outcome other than a confirmed, and therefore an enforced, debility.
Jocelyn Soriano, Mend My Broken Heart|Saying goodbye doesn't mean you need to forget,It doesn't mean you were never loved.It doesn't mean you're weak,It doesn't mean you didn't try hard enough.
Thomas E. Woods Jr.|[T]he normal and the everyday are often amazingly unstoppable, and what is unimaginable is the cessation of them. The world is resilient, and, no matter what interruptions occur, people so badly want to return to their lives and get on with them. A veneer of civilization descends quickly, like a shining rain. Dust is settled.
Kate McGahan, Jack McAfghan: Return from Rainbow Bridge|Each category is generalized to the greatest possible extent, so that it eventually loses all specificity and is reabsorbed by all the other categories. When everything is political, nothing is political anymore, the word itself is meaningless. When everything is sexual, nothing is sexual any more, and sex loses its determinants. When everything is aesthetic, nothing is beautiful or ugly any more, and art itself disappears.
Robert Southey|I have yet to meet anyone quite so stubborn as myself and animated by this overpowering passion that leaves me no time for thought or anything else. I have, in fact, no interest in life outside racing cars.
John Schaar|The future is not a result of choices among alternative paths offered by the present, but a place that is created - created first in the mind and will, created next in activity.
Neil Gaiman, Stardust|I have been fairly misunderstood by those who think only of the heart and thereby leave the mind behind. They both are vital and important aspects of our created humanity...in the image of God". ~R. Alan Woods {2006]
Samuel Shem, The House of God|Medicine’s a funny business. After all, dispensing chemicals is considered mainstream and diet and nutrition is considered alternative.
Colleen Hoover, Hopeless|What then did you expect when you unbound the gag that muted those black mouths? That they would chant your praises? Did you think that when those heads that our fathers had forcibly bowed down to the ground were raised again, you would find adoration in their eyes?
Helene Hanff, 84, Charing Cross Road|If you happen to pass by 84 Charing Cross Road, kiss it for me? I owe it so much.
Douglas Adams, So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish|They found a coin and helped him to the telescope. He complained and insulted them, but they helped him look at each individual letter in turn. The first letter was a 'w,' the second an 'e.' Then there was a gap. An 'a' followed, then a 'p,' an 'o,' and an 'l.'Marvin paused for a rest.After a few moments they resumed and let him see the 'o,' the 'g,' the 'i,' the 'z,' and the 'e.'The next two words were 'for' and 'the.' The last one was a long one, and Marvin needed another rest before the could tackle it.It started with 'i,' then 'n,' then 'c.' Next came an 'o' and an 'n,' followed by a 'v,' an 'e,' another 'n,' and an 'i.'After a final pause, Marvin gathered his strength for the last stretch.He read the 'e,' the 'n,' the 'c,' and at last the final 'e,' and staggered back into their arms.'I think,' he murmured at last from deep within his corroding, rattling thorax, 'I feel good about it.'The lights went out in his eyes for absolutely the very last time ever.
Dada Bhagwan|Where there is even a trace of etiquette, there is no religion of moksha [ultimate liberation] there, nor any other religion. Religion is to be found in naturalness (saahajeekta)
Paula Altenburg, Her Spy to Have|There comes a time in every man's life when he reaches a crossroads. A chance to choose between two paths. One is unknown, filled with potential and struggles that demand growth and change, but could lead to new beginnings. The other is familiar, grooved with well-worn ruts and established twists, muddy holes and isolation. The path that, while lonely, fits like a glove.	Where words had failed him, his actions wouldn't. They'd speak loud and clear, showing her regardless of what he'd said, or how they'd started and ended, this was real. Their connection wasn't manufactured or fake. It was the truest thing he'd ever known.
James McAvoy|In 2010, I sold my car, a Toyota Majester, for just a lakh-and-a-half to be able to feed my horses. It continues to be like a hole, where I put all my money.
Edmund Wilson, Axel's Castle: A Study of the Imaginative Literature of 1870-1930|He believes, but he does not believe: the impossibility of believing is the impossibility which he accepts most reluctantly, but still it is there with the other impossibilities of this world which is too full of weeping for a child to understand.
Ernest Hemingway|Chicago is known for good steaks, expensive stores and beautiful architecture. Unfortunately, the Windy City also enjoys a reputation for corrupt politics, violent crime, and some of the strictest gun control laws anywhere in the country.
Alexandra Fuller|The key to life is your attitude. Whether you're single or married or have kids or don't have kids, it's how you look at your life, what you make of it. It's about making the best of your life wherever you are in life.
Stephanie Lahart|Dear YOU, don’t compare yourself to ANYONE. Your Unique Self is empowered, powerful, and unstoppable! Your uniqueness is what makes you incomparable! Don’t underestimate the beauty of just being YOU.
Elwyn Hartley Edwards|The horse is by Nature a very lazy animal whose idea of heaven is an enormous field of lush grass in which he can graze undisturbed until his belly is full, and after a pleasant doze can start filling himself up all over again.
E.D.E.N. Southworth, Capitola's Peril|Ah, it is impossible.""No, it is only very difficult - so very difficult that I shall be sure to accomplish it!
Amanda Ashton-Booth|we are prisoners of our own lives, until we find the courage to break free from the prison that we created ourselves.
David Grann, The Lost City of Z: A Tale of Deadly Obsession in the Amazon|During the Society's early years, no member personified the organization's eccentricities or audacious mission more than Sir Francis Galton. A cousin of Charles Darwin's, he had been a child prodigy who, by the age of four, could read and recite Latin. He went on to concoct myriad inventions. They included a ventilating top hat; a machine called a Gumption-Reviver, which periodically wet his head to keep him awake during endless study; underwater goggles; and a rotating-vane steam engine. Suffering from periodic nervous breakdowns––"sprained brain," as he called it––he had a compulsion to measure and count virtually everything. He quantified the sensitivity of animal hearing, using a walking stick that could make an inconspicuous whistle; the efficacy of prayer; the average age of death in each profession (lawyers: 66.51; doctors: 67.04); the exact amount of rope needed to break a criminal's neck while avoiding decapitation; and levels of boredom (at meetings of the Royal Geographical Society he would count the rate of fidgets among each member of the audience).
Marvin Gaye|If you're a believer, God is not a thought-experiment requiring a special sub-creation to be tried out in. He's an actual, er, actuality already, embedded in a necessary and true story about guilt, hope, and liberty. I don't want C. S. Lewis doing his resourceful best to render Him as a fabulous special effect.
Elizabeth I|Life is for living and working at. If you find anything or anybody a bore, the fault is in yourself.
Reyna Mays, I Love My Love|Loving yourself is the most fulfilling and beautiful love that life has to offer.Unfortunately, we're all looking to love someone else..we're all looking to be loved by someone else, first.
Genereux Philip|Dear Single Ladies, Love is precious, Remember this: You are worth pursuing. Don't Cheapen Yourself
Lorrie Moore, Like Life|She knew there were only small joys in life--the big ones were too complicated to be joys when you got all through--and once you realized that, it took a lot of the pressure off.
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|If this is called civilization, then I am afraid humanity is no more civilized than the Tyrannosaurus Rex.
Jeffrey Tucker|While liberals are in favor of any sexual activity engaged in by two consenting adults, when these consenting adults engage in trade or exchange, the liberals step in to harass, cripple, restrict, or prohibit that trade. And yet both the consenting sexual activity and the trade are similar expressions of liberty in action.
June Gray, The Henry Sessions|Get Ready, Get Ready!
Peter Shaffer, Amadeus|Tell me, before you call us servants, who served whom? And who, I wonder, in your generations, will immortalize you?
Shannon L. Alder|I don’t need to go to heaven or hell. I have been both places and always wanted more. I will settle for somewhere in between, so eternity never becomes dull and every miracle is something I never take for granted.
Jenny  Lawson, Furiously Happy: A Funny Book About Horrible Things|When you come out of the grips of a depression there is an incredible relief, but not one you feel allowed to celebrate. Instead, the feeling of victory is replaced with anxiety that it will happen again, and with shame and vulnerability when you see how your illness affected your family, your work, everything left untouched while you struggled to survive.
Ellen Airgood, South of Superior|The basket would never make her famous or end up in a museum. The best part of it was the making of it, sitting at the table weaving while outside the lake crashed into shore and the seagulls roosted somewhere for the night and two women stopped for a moment to watch.
George Savile Halifax|If your religion requires, as an article of faith, to hate people of other religions and faiths, you and your ism are screwed up, mate.
Franklin D. Roosevelt|I do not know if the people of the United States would vote for superior men if they ran for office, but there can be no doubt that such men do not run.
Caitlin Moran, How to Build a Girl|hearing women singing about themselves - rather than men singing about women - makes everything seem wonderfully clear, and possible
Carl Sagan, Cosmos|The Word of God is not divine, it is an attribute of The Divine.
Anatole France, The Garden of Epicurus|Suffering — how divine it is, how misunderstood! We owe to it all that is good in us, all that gives value to life; we owe to it pity, we owe to it courage, we owe to it all the virtues.
Deborah Harkness, Shadow of Night|I trust my wife's judgement... That's what Philippe says about Granny, just before all hell breaks loose.
Ida Løkås, Det fine som flyter forbi|Fit to govern? No, not fit to live.
Misha Collins|Be kind to yourself, so you can be happy enough to be kind to the world.
Kim Harrington, The Dead and Buried|If you want to live above the clouds, you will miss the rain! When you want something beautiful, you must also know that you may lose some other beautiful and even more valuable things!
Kristen Ashley, Rock Chick Redemption|You know, you’ve set a really bad precedent for first dates,” I said. “How is anyone ever going to top this?”I turned to him for the first time. He was watching me, not the scenery. “I brought you here because I wanted to see the look on your face when you saw this place.” He smiled, and my heart flipped over. “It was worth the trip.
Eyden I., Kiss Friendzone Goodbye|I'm lonely, Yes! I'm so lonely. I'm Just a sad tear that came out of the depths of pain. I have neither friend nor a lover. I live in an empty dark shell. Punctuated by the lights of my dreams.I hear a whisper. I hear an echo.Why everything I love in this world. It's expensive, or it makes me sad. Beyond my shell, there is an empty world.A world filled with hatred and lies. A world filled with vanity and treason. A world filled with injustice and selfishness. There is a noise in my silence, but I shout quietly.So as to your pure heart can hear me. I tried to escape from my bitter reality. A reality that walks against my dreams.I found out that sleep is my best shelter.Because life is easy when eyes are closed. So I give up my eyes, and went to sleep. Then suddenly!I felt a call, something tried to wake me up. I felt whispers caressing my soul.That together we stand, divided we fall.That you are the king of my thrown,And only beside you, I feel like I have everything.I love you my shell, my home.
Tobias Wolff, This Boy's Life|I've allowed some of these points to stand, because this is a book of memory, and memory has its own story to tell. But I have done my best to make it tell a truthful story.
A.C. Williams|People who couldn't imagine themselves capable of evil were at a major disadvantage in dealing with people who didn't need to imagine, because they already were. She'd said it was always a mistake, to believe those people were different, special, infected with something that was inhuman, subhuman, fundamentally other. Which reminded her of what her mother had said about Corbell Picket. That evil wasn't glamorous, but just the result of ordinary half-assed badness, high school badness, given enough room, however that might happen, to become its bigger self. Bigger, with more horrible results, but never more than the cumulative weight of ordinary human baseness.
Munshi Premchand|American liberals have become addicted to the courtroom, relying on judges and lawyers rather than elected leaders and the ballot box, as the primary means of effecting their social agenda on everything from gay marriage to assisted suicide to the use of vouchers for private-school education.
Julian Pencilliah|Intellectual talent will give us the upper-hand in the game of life. Fortunately, we all can develop it
Jean Genet, Our Lady of the Flowers|She shuddered. “What is it with slobbery kissers? Are they trying to drown us in spit? I mean, Jesus, swallow every now and then.
Chevy Chase|Suffering isn't ennobling, recovery is.
Jorge Luis Borges, The Library of Babel|…the universe…sets out little signposts for us along the way, to confirm that we’re on the right path.” (p.XV)
Amanda Craig, A Private Place|The sudden acquisition of power does not go to the head, but to the groin. In some, it promotes lust; in others, supplants it. Those on whom its effect is purely cerebral may indeed be counted as fortunate.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Galapagos|He didn't know all that much about how the machinery worked anyway. Such knowledge was for specialists. In war, as in love, he was a fearless, happy-go-lucky adventurer.
Bryony Pearce, The Weight of Souls|As I stared into those crystalline eyes, I knew I had finally found what I was looking for, but it came with a price. Damien was everything I hated and it wasn't until that moment that I realized how lost I really was. My soul was drawn to his very aura, but the ache within my heart was the undeniable reminder that it could never be a reality. My pride and stubbornness had forever wrecked what Damien and I could have had. I was but a galaxy within a black hole, something so majestic and extraordinary, and it was irrevocably lost to me.
Erik Pevernagie|If your argument is based on a lie, you shouldn't make it.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|The objective exchange-value of money which rules in the market to-day is derived from yesterday's under the influence of the subjective valuations of the individuals frequenting the market, just as yesterday's in its turn was derived under the influence of subjective valuations from the objective exchange-value possessed by the money the day before yesterday. If in this way we continually go farther and farther back we must eventually arrive at a point where we no longer find any component in the objectIve exchange-value of money that arises from valuations based on the function of money as a common medium of exchange; where the value of money is nothing other than the value of an object that is useful in some other way than as money.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|. . .for in natures, as in seas, depth answers unto depth
Rafe Esquith, Lighting Their Fires: Raising Extraordinary Children in a Mixed-up, Muddled-up, Shook-up World|Most children, even very bright ones, need constant review and practice to truly own a concept in grammar, math or science. In schools today, on paper it may appear that kids are learning skills, but in reality they are only renting them, soon to forget what they've learned over the weekend or summer vacation.
Richard Rohr, Everything Belongs: The Gift of Contemplative Prayer|Mr. Disney, we are returning your Duck. Feathers plucked and well-roasted. Look inside, you can see the handwriting on the wall, our hands still writing on the wall: Donald, Go Home!
Elizabeth Barrett Browning|For God's sake hold your tongue, and let me love.
Thomas Pynchon, Bleeding Edge|Universe has it all for you, just ask.
Donald Rothberg, The Engaged Spiritual Life: A Buddhist Approach to Transforming Ourselves and the World|The relation to the other is not epistemological, but ethical, and the whole attempt to accomodate or account for the other within the confines of my experience already constitutes a breach of this fundamental ethical relation. The other is precisely that which cannot be the object of my experience in the sense of being completely manifest within it, and so cannot be construed as a phenomenon at all.
Jennifer Aniston|Once you figure out who you are and what you love about yourself, I think it all kind of falls into place.
Jodi Livon|When you act on an intuitive impulse, you are celebrating one of the thoroughly joyful aspects of life on this planet. That calm, guiding inner voice is a natural part of you and deserves to be honored. What is not natural is ignoring it.
Layton Talbert|Being told you are wrong or insulted, gives you an opportunity to practice decency and having a non-response internally.
Patti Smith|A lot of the powerful religious leaders, from Jesus to Buddha to Tibetan monks, they're really talking about the same things: love and acceptable, and the value of friendship, and respecting yourself so you can respect others.
Donald Trump|Our country is now taking so steady a course as to show by what road it will pass to destruction, to wit: by consolidation of power first, and then corruption, its necessary consequence.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|He had no faintest conception till that very hour of how they would look, and even doubted their existence. But when he saw them he knew that he had always known them and realized what part each one of them had played at many an hour in his life when he had supposed himself alone, so that now he could say to them, one by one, not ‘Who are you?’ but ‘So it was you all the time.’ All that they were and said at this meeting woke memories. The dim consciousness of friends about him which had haunted his solitudes from infancy was now at last explained; that central music in every pure experience which had always just evaded memory was now at last recovered...He saw not only Them; he saw Him. This animal, this thing begotten in a bed, could look on Him. What is blinding, suffocating fire to you is now cool light to him, is clarity itself, and wears the form of a man.
Lily Gardner, Betting Blind|Merciful Heavens! but what do I care for the laws of nature and arithmetic, when, for some reason I dislike those laws and the fact that twice two makes four? Of course I cannot break through the wall by battering my head against it if I really have not the strength to knock it down, but I am not going to be reconciled to it simply because it is a stone wall and I have not the strength.
Bill Cosby|A word to the wise ain't necessary, it's the stupid ones who need advice.
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|Keep climbing,' he told himself.'Cheeseburgers,' his stomach replied.'Shut up,' he thought.'With fries,' his stomach complained.
God, The Bible|Many sorrows shall be to the wicked: but he that trusteth in the Lord, mercy shall compass him about.
Patrick Hennessey, The Junior Officers' Reading Club: Killing Time And Fighting Wars|Are you placed where others are sitting down idly, doing nothing? Rise to the work with all your powers; and when the sweat stands upon your brow, and you are tempted to loiter, cry, "No, I cannot stop, for I am Christ's. If I were not purchased by blood, I might be like Issachar, crouching between two burdens; but I am Christ's, and cannot loiter.
Jane Austen, Emma|And I swear, she tasted like the sun.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|Some days of my vagabond life I read Arthur Schopenhauer and others Friedrich Nietzsche. I was a humble learner – an empty vessel - at the feet of the legends of human history. I was a seeker of truth, travelling through time while quenching my thirst for knowledge. And a humble learner of today becomes a strong leader of tomorrow.
Aaron Riches, Ecce Homo: On the Divine Unity of Christ|In the womb of the Virgin Mary, God “becomes” human, receiving from her the body that makes possible the “passion” of God; while on the Cross, through the Jewish flesh given of Mary, the divine Son is truly crucified. In the same way, in the Eucharist, Christians receive the very flesh the Logos received of Mary and united to himself, that “truly life-giving flesh of God the Word himself.” Only insofar as God receives the passability of human flesh does he become crucifiable and sacramentally givable.
Vikram Seth, A Suitable Boy|If you are aware of the kind of hunger, regrets and frustrations that follows rumpy pumpy, you would stir clear from hanky panky.
Bharati Mukherjee|Here is my prescription to heal all wounds. Watch the film 'Funny Girl' at least five times, eat at least 45 chocolate bars, and hang out with all those friends you blew off to hang out with your ex. I truly believe that, through a combination of Nutella, old pals and Barbra Streisand, we can achieve happiness and, very probably, world peace.
Stan Lee|I stepped between him and the window so I was inches from his face. “There’s only one Ophi I’ve ever been interested in.” I tugged on his arm, making him face me again. I reached up on my toes and pressed my lips against his. He wrapped his arms around me, pulling me closer to him. His kiss was hungry, like he didn’t want to let go. Finally, I pulled away, completely breathless. Alex just smiled, clearly impressed with himself.
Saji Ijiyemi|Busyness does not make you money, business do. Are you running a busyness or a business?
Gore Vidal|I believe that the role of limited government should be looking after the needs of veterans, the elderly, children and those institutions that improve the quality of life for struggling families - I don't believe that government should bend to serve the needs of subsidized multi-national corporations and entitled billionaires.
Malcolm Forbes|When they see me holding fish, they can see that I am comfortable with kings as well as with paupers.
J. Lynn, Wait for You|Good God, you don’t give up.”“Nope.”I laughed, couldn’t help it, and hissmile spread in response to the sound.“I’m sure there are plenty of girls whowant to go out on a date with you.”“There are.”“Wow. Modest aren’t you?”“Why should I be?” he shot back.“And I want to go out on a date with you.Not them.
Alan W. Watts, Tao: The Watercourse Way|When it comes down to it, government is simply an abandonment of responsibility on the assumption that there are people, other than ourselves, who really know how to manage things. But the government, run ostensibly for the good of the people, becomes a self-serving corporation. To keep things under control it proliferates laws of ever-increasing complexity and unintelligibility, and hinders productive work by demanding so much accounting on paper that the record of what has been done becomes more important than what has actually been done. The Taoist moral is that people who mistrust themselves and one another are doomed.
P. T. Barnum|The show business has all phases and grades of dignity, from the exhibition of a monkey to the exposition of that highest art in music or the drama which secures for the gifted artists a world-wide fame princes well might envy.
Mindy McGinnis, Not a Drop to Drink|She’s fulfilled her obligation, assuaged her conscience by finding me in the hallway and giving me the chance to freak out, and I’ve played my role too, by remaining calm, pretending to be okay, and therefore giving her permission to cross me off her things-to-do list. Now she can move on, and I can too.Once you understand how adults are controlled by the system, manipulating them is elementary.
Pearl Zhu, Thinkingaire: 100 Game Changing Digital Mindsets to Compete for the Future|Not every leader is a philosopher, but each leader should cultivate a philosophical mindset.
David Brooks|If I am to have faith when I pray, I must find some promise in the Word of God to rest my faith on
Matt Ruff, Lovecraft Country|But stories are like people, Atticus. Loving them doesn’t make them perfect. You try to cherish their virtues and overlook their flaws. The flaws are still there, though. ""But you don’t get mad. Not like Pop does.""No, that’s true, I don’t get mad. Not at stories. They do disappoint me sometimes." He looked at the shelves. "Sometimes, they stab me in the heart.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|Water was liquid silver, water was gold. It was clarity—a sacred thing.
Farshad Asl|Success is not achieved, it is attracted.
Donald Miller, A Million Miles in a Thousand Years: What I Learned While Editing My Life|It is a delicious thing to write, to be no longer yourself but to move in an entire universe of your own creating. Today, for instance, as man and woman, both lover and mistress, I rode in a forest on an autumn afternoon under the yellow leaves, and I was also the horses, the leaves, the wind, the words my people uttered, even the red sun that made them almost close their love-drowned eyes.” ― Gustave Flaubert
Poppet, Sveta|Desire filters toxins through my system at the sight and I lower again, shoving her against the padded wall to snake my tongue over the elixir of pain.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We are to feed the new nature on the Word of God constantly, and we are to starve the old nature, which craves the world and the flesh. We are told to “make not provision for the flesh” [Romans 13:14 KJV].
Edgar Allan Poe, King Pest|So you're lost, uh? Happens a lot out here. You walk around for days, seeing things, losing your bearings, crying out for God, But He can't hear you. You can scream and scream but nobody'll ever hear you.
Will Rogers|Even from just a little thing, it's still possible to die.
Rita Deattrea Beckford M.D.|When all you know is pain you don’t know that that is not normal. It is not a woman’s lot to suffer, even if we’ve been raised that way.It is not OK to miss a part of your life because of pain and excessive bleeding.It is not OK to be bed-ridden for two-to-three days a month.It is not OK to pain during sex.It is not OK to have major bloating or na
P.G. Wodehouse|Perriwickturned to Penelope as he set the tray down on a table. "If I might be so bold, my lady-""Perriwick!" Blake roared. "If I hear the phrase 'if I might be so bold' one more time, as God is mywitness, I'm going to toss you into the channel!""Oh dear," Penelope said. "Perhaps he does have the fever, after all.Perriwick , what do you think?"The butler reached for Blake's forehead, only to have his hand nearly bitten off. "Touch me and die,"Blake snarled.
Lorii Myers, No Excuses, The Fit Mind-Fit Body Strategy Book|Invest in the human soul. Who knows, it might be a diamond in the rough.
Princess Mazzaloulou, The Beautiful Dance of Life|The bird flying free has no interest in the truth, searching, or looking for a deeper meaning. The bird flying free just "is" and that is why it is free.
Mike Jay, A Visionary Madness: The Case of James Tilly Matthews and the Influencing Machine|But, mad or sane, Matthews was a man of no ordinary persistence. He was not prepared to renounce the peace plan, any more than he would be prepared to renounce his madness a few years later. A month later he was back in France, this time for an extended stay.The optimistic dawn of his revolutionary adventures was coming to an end, and his dark night of the soul was about to begin.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables, tome I/3|I see manuscripts and books that are spoiled for the literary reader because they are one long stream of top-of-the-head writing, a writer telling a story without concern for precision or freshness in the use of language. Some of this storytelling reads as if it were spoken rather than written, stuffed with tired images that pop into the writer's head because they are so familiar. The top of the head is fit for growing hair, but not for generating fine prose.
Sri Aurobindo, Savitri|The great are strongest when they stand alone,A God-given might of being is their force.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Salvation does not depend on human desire or effort, but on God’s mercy of grace.
Sunday Adelaja|God has from the beginning, placed in us all the necessary gifts, abilities and talents to have success
Bruce Feiler|...I had always believed that I left a bit of me wherever I went. I also believed that I took a bit of every place with me. I never felt that more than with this trip. It was as if the act of touching these places, walking these roads,and asking these questions had added another column to my being. And the only possible explanation I could find for that feeling was that a spirit existed in many of the places I visited, and a spirit existed in me and the two had somehow met in the course of my travels. It's as if the godliness of the land and the godliness of my being had fused.
Roshan Sharma|Focus on the objective, execute the process to get there.
Russel H.S. Stolfi, Hitler: Beyond Evil and Tyranny|As concerns the question of the psychological engine that drove Hitler, the conventional interpretation of lusting after power is, in final analysis, the refuge of lack of comprehen
Seanan McGuire, Every Heart a Doorway|Reverend Don Marxhausen disagreed with all the riffs on Satan. He saw two boys with hate in their eyes and assault weapons in their hands. He saw a society that needed to figure out how and why - fast. Blaming Satan was just letting them off easy, he felt, and copping out on our responsibility to investigate. The "end of days" fantasy was even more infuriating.
Li-Young Lee|And of all the rooms in my childhood,God was the largestand most empty.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Right is right, no matter how wrong the time is.
Marie Curie|One of the things we tell ourselves as African-Americans is if we work hard, play by the rules, we do start back a little ways, but if we can be twice as good, somehow we can escape history and heritage and legacy.
BJ Morin|Don’t just do what is required, do what is respected.
Cyril Connolly, The Unquiet Grave: A Word Cycle by Palinurus|Two fears alternate in marriage, of loneliness and of bondage. The dread of loneliness being keener than the fear of bondage, we get married. For one person who fears being thus tied there are four who dread being set free. Yet the love of liberty is a noble passion and one to which most married people secretly aspire, -- in moments when they are not neurotically dependent -- but by then it is too late; the ox does not become a bull, not the hen a falcon.The fear of loneliness can be overcome, for it springs from weakness; human beings are intended to be free, and to be free is to be lonely, but the fear of bondage is the apprehension of a real danger, and so I find it all the more pathetic to watch young men and beautiful girls taking refuge in marriage from an imaginary danger, a sad loss to their friends ad a sore trial to each other. First love is the one most worth having, yet the best marriage is often the second, for we should marry only when the desire for freedom be spent; not till then does a man know whether he is the kind who can settle down. The most tragic breakings-up are of those couples who have married young and who have enjoyed seven years of happiness, after which the banked fires of passion and independence explode -- and without knowing why, for they still love each other, they set about accomplishing their common destruction.
Carrie Jones, Captivate|His eyes, if anything, gleamed even more bright, having found the treasure he sought.
Gabrielle Zevin, Memoirs of a Teenage Amnesiac|Love stories are written in millimeters and milliseconds with a fast, dull pencil whose marks you can barely see, they are written in miles and eons with a chisel on the side of a mountiantop
MaryLu Tyndall, Tears of the Sea|She smiled. "Of course. You are right. How can I enjoy my happiness when so many suffer?" He kissed her forehead. "Soon all suffering will end." She gazed up at him. "And I will be by your side forever." "Forever and ever and ever." He leaned over and kissed her. And so the adventure begins...
Ann Patchett, Commonwealth|She liked books, but the hours spent in small-town libraries were tedious, and she began the first list when she was eight or nine as a means of distraction. A list of names, eventually expanding to ten or twelve pages: Lilia, Gabriel, Anna, Michelle. In every town her name was different.
D.H. Lawrence|To be alive, to be man alive, to be whole man alive: that is the point. And at its best, the novel, and the novel supremely, can help you. It can help you not to be dead man in life.
Vivien Leigh|Thanks to the Interstate Highway System, it is now possible to travel across the country from coast to coast without seeing anything.
LAWRENCE DOWNES|The faster the motion, the less time to think. Fuselage journalism, Hugh Sidey of Time later called it.
Imania Margria, Secrets of My Heart|Our hearts may be strong and resilient against the trials of life, but they become weak and fragile against the trials of love.
Harriet Prescott Spofford, The Moonstone Mass and Others|Once upon a time, we soared into the Solar System. For a few years. Then we hurried back. Why? What happened? What was 'Apollo' really about?
Ilona Andrews, Magic Bleeds|It seems that the young woman made some indelicate suggestion of a threesome...When I got there, Miss Nash was standing by the hot tub in a small bikini, pointing the business end of a SIG-Sauer P-226 at her fella and concerned members of the hotel staff, while dunking the scantily clad female's head under the water and asking, "Who's diving for clams now, bitch?
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Cat's Cradle|People need people and the happiest people aresurrounded with friendly flesh.If you have ten kids they'll be so sweet --ten really sweet kids! Have twelve!What if there were 48 pro baseball teams,you could see a damn lot more games!And in this fashion we get awayfrom tragedy. Because tragedy comes when someone gets too special. 
Nenia Campbell, Cease and Desist|The Lord teaches forgiveness, but some things are unforgivable.
Fran Drescher|'Thunderbolts' I was mostly attracted to because I really wanted to write Punisher and Elektra and Deadpool, who are characters I have always really enjoyed. But the funny thing is that over time, I came to really like Red Leader; he became one of my favorite guys in the book. Sometimes characters surprise you.
Gayle Lynds|A car is like a mother-in-law - if you let it, it will rule your life.
Debasish Mridha|Love is the beauty, the flower, the fragrance, and the attractive force of our soul.
Phillips Brooks|Studying whether there's life on Mars or studying how the universe began, there's something magical about pushing back the frontiers of knowledge. That's something that is almost part of being human, and I'm certain that will continue.
Bryant McGill|to Vaneigem and the Situationists who by shrewd use of collage and juxtaposition exposed both the poverty and richness of slogans, and the thinly veiled hypocrisy of a "spectacular" society which by not respecting words abuses people, and by insulting the intelligence creates a state of political cretinisation in which the many and various forms of authoritarian control dominate.
Kimberly Guilfoyle|When I was fighting, I would look to excite the crowds with a bolo punch or something taunting. Looking back, they were legal - but not sportsmanlike. I don't recommend another boxer try them. But we looked more to make the robot fights dramatic first and realistic second.
Anatole France|When thou art above measure angry, bethink thee how momentary is man's life.
Angie Sage, Darke|I dont hate it he thought, panting in the cold air, the iron New England dark; I dont. I dont! I dont hate it! I dont hate it!
D.S. Mashego|You have a great destiny ahead of you. The one thing that is standing between you and your destiny, is your mindset.To a greater extent, your success is largely dependent on your attitude towards life. Your thinking patterns determine how far you go in life. This is because your life is shaped by your thoughts. Therefore, it is imperative that you manage and invest in your ‘thought life’.
Thomas Babington Macaulay|Perhaps no person can be a poet, or even enjoy poetry, without a certain unsoundness of mind.
James Boswell|We cannot tell the precise moment when friendship is formed. As in filling a vessel drop by drop, there is at last a drop which makes it run over. So in a series of acts of kindness there is, at last, one which makes the heart run over.
Lesley Livingston, The Valiant|I'm so sorry, bright little thing.""For what, my lord?:" I asked, my voice small and lost in the dim air.His words caught in his throat as he answered. "For not making the world a place where you could choose to fight for yourself.
Simon Skiles, Return|I can’t take back the past, Nadya. Not even we Unicorns can do that. But I’ll be damned if someone else is going to control our future. I’ve been away for too long, and I will always regret not being there for the Rourakin. But I have returned, and I am not leaving again.
Martin McGuinness|Everyone in L.A. is very positive and upbeat, whereas London can get quite miserable at times.
Delphine de Vigan, No and Me|You better watch out. You better not cry. You better not pout, I'm telling you why,Cause Santa Clause might put a cap in your ass.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|When enough is not enough, a Hedonist is born.
Murakami Haruki|To say that "the worker has an interest in the rapid growth of capital", means only this: that the more speedily the worker augments the wealth of the capitalist, the larger will be the crumbs which fall to him, the greater will be the number of workers than can be called into existence, the more can the mass of slaves dependent upon capital be increased.
A.M.M Alusi|Don't let the day go by without a handful of fun, for only those we'll be memorable and even intensified through time
Vonnie Davis, Bearing It All|She leaned her uninjured shoulder against his plump, furry behind and shoved while she bitched to herself, "Four years at the military academy, two years at Kansas State University, survival camp in the swamps of Alabama, more schooling in Florida, and then torture endurance training with the Mossad and all so I could heave a bear's ass into a helicopter. Unfreaking real.
Jesse Jackson|The dreamer can know no truth, not even about his dream, except by awaking out of it.
Sophocles|Clever men are good, but they are not the best.
Smedley Butler|If war occurs, that positive adult contact in every shape is needed more than ever. It will be a matter of emotional life and death. There's not a handy one-minute way of talking to your kid about war.
Judith McNaught, Whitney, My Love|I thought you were the loveliest, most enchanting creature God ever created.
Carol Ann Duffy|I like to use simple words, but in a complicated way.
Alan Hodgkin|The belief that every living thing has an individual soul is called animism. (Anima, which means 'soul,' is also the root of the word 'animal.') Anthropologists have found this belief to be universal in children, though the children themselves don't think of it as a belief. It is, to them, one of the most obvious features of the world around them, and the most obvious way of interpreting what goes on in that world.
Leo Tolstoy|Patriotism and its results--wars--give an enormous revenue to the newspaper trade, and profits to many other trades. Every writer, teacher, and professor is more secure in his place the more he preaches patriotism. Every Emperor and King obtains the more fame the more he is addicted to patriotism.
Joel Fuhrman|Excess dietary salt is most notorious for increasing blood pressure. Americans have a 90 percent lifetime probability of developing high blood pressure - so even if your blood pressure is normal now, if you continue to eat the typical American diet, you will be at risk.
Abhysheq Shukla|Happiness keeps you Sweet , Trials keep you Strong, Sorrows keep you Human, Failures keep you Humble, Success keeps you Glowing, But Only faith Keeps You Going! Be Happy Live Simply.
Clifford Cohen|The prophet is always at the mercy of events; nevertheless, I venture to conclude this book with the forecast that at least half the illnesses of mankindwill disappear once our food supplies are raised from fertile soil and consumed in a fresh condition.
Lauren F. Winner, Still: Notes on a Mid-Faith Crisis|A few days before the confirmation service, she told her father—the pastor of the church—that she wasn't sure she could go through with it. She didn't know that she really believed everything she was supposed to believe, and she didn't know that she should proclaim in front of the church that she was ready to believe it forever."What you promise when you are confirmed," said Julian's father, "is not that you will believe this forever. What you promise when you are confirmed is that that is the story you will wrestle with forever.
Peach-Pit, Shugo Chara!, Vol. 2: Friends in Need|Are you Stupid?""Huh?""Hotoba-san, Even if you are far away the sky i always connected. Friends are friend no matter where you are. Change isn't so bad...I was scared of change too. We're both scared. Lets be friend...okay?
Erich Maria Remarque|We all leave behind bits of loose thread. Old operations, old enemies. They pull at you, like memories of old lovers.
Richard E. Dodge|Mostly, we talk to impress. And sometimes we shut up to impress, too.
Diamante Lavendar|To keep your sanity, when everything seems like it's going wrong, focus on the one thing that's going right!
Katie Reus, Lover's Instinct|I've never claimed to be civil," he said with a soft growl, flashing his canines.
Mary Stolz, Cat in the Mirror|Animals died when their time came, and meanwhile they didn't bother with clothes, or go to war, or get drunk, or judge other animals by there look. They didn't get afraid unless there was something to be afraid of. She herself came apart with terror over something she couldn't define or understand. She didn't get afraid of something. She just got terrified> Filled with anxiety. For no reason. For no reason she could name. Would name.Animals didn't look back with shivering shame at things in their past. They didn't quake at the thought of what lay ahead. They didn't try to make it into clique and feel sick with humiliation because they couldn't make it.
Dean Koontz, Forever Odd|To us post-moderns, empathy is a stranger in a strange land". ~R. Alan Woods [2012]
Daniel Quinn, Ishmael|...solitude is not to be recommended to everyone, for you have to be strong in order to bear it and act alone.
Ezra Pound, Selected Poems of Ezra Pound|No one knows, at sight a masterpiece.And give up verse, my boy,There's nothing in it.Likewise a friend of Bloughram's once advised me:Don't kick against the pricks,Accept opinion. The Nineties tried your gameAnd died, there's nothing in it.
Chris Matakas, My Mastery: Continued Education Through Jiu Jitsu|Choice and perception are closely linked. They are unique, personal and emotional.
Ernst Toller|I do not pretend to know precisely what is on foot there; but I think it pretty evident that there is a very free communication between that country and this body, and unless I am greatly mistaken, I see the dwarfish medium by which that communication is kept up.
Alan S. Kesselheim, Let Them Paddle: Coming of Age on the Water|For Dawkins, atheism is a necessary consequence of evolution. He has argued that the religious impulse is simply an evolutionary mistake, a ‘misfiring of something useful’, it is a kind if virus, parasitic on cognitive systems naturally selected because they had enabled a species to survive.Dawkins is an extreme exponent of the scientific naturalism, originally formulated by d’Holbach, that has now become a major worldview among intellectuals. More moderate versions of this “scientism” have been articulated by Carl Sagan, Steven Weinberg, and Daniel Dennett, who have all claimed that one has to choose between science and faith. For Dennett, theology has been rendered superfluous, because biology can provide a better explanation of why people are religious. But for Dawkins, like the other “new atheists” – Sam Harris, the young American philosopher and student of neuroscience, and Christopher Hitchens, critic and journalist – religion is the cause of the problems of our world; it is the source of absolute evil and “poisons everything.” They see themselves in the vanguard of a scientific/rational movement that will eventually expunge the idea of God from human consciousness.But other atheists and scientists are wary of this approach. The American zoologist Stephen Jay Gould (1941-2002) followed Monod in his discussion of the implications of evolution. Everything in the natural world could indeed be explained by natural selection, but Gould insisted that science was not competent to decide whether God did or did not exist, because it could only work with natural explanations. Gould had no religious axe to grind; he described himself as an atheistically inclined agnostic, but pointed out that Darwin himself had denied he was an atheist and that other eminent Darwinians - Asa Gray, Charles D. Walcott, G. G. Simpson, and Theodosius Dobzhansky - had been either practicing Christians or agnostics. Atheism did not, therefore, seem to be a necessary consequence of accepting evolutionary theory, and Darwinians who held forth dogmatically on the subject were stepping beyond the limitations that were proper to science.
George MacDonald, Mary Marston|Ask yourself the question: If I don't do it, who will? If you find the answer is no one will do it, then do it yourself.
C.S. Lewis, An Experiment in Criticism|In order to pronounce a book bad it is not enough to discover that it elicits no good response from ourselves, for that might be our fault.
Sheila Walsh, Loved Back to Life: How I Found the Courage to Live Free|...the greatest barrier to intimacy is fear -- fear of being known, fear of being rejected, fear of facing the truth about ourselves......We are afraid to be known because at some deep level we fear that the truth about us, when out in the open and reflected back to us through someone else's eyes, will be shocking to ourselves.
Alejo Carpentier|Oh Jesus, oh Zeus, oh Odin,” Anya dropped the stick and started shaking. “Oh shit.” The bird spread out its wings, which slowly transformed back into arms and the rest followed until it was a man once more.
Michael Trevino|My deceased grandmother on my mom's side was a real fairy godmother, who lived to be 102 and who I always feel is looking after me.
Philip K. Dick, VALIS|I've always told people that for each person there is a sentence--a series of words--which has the power to destroy him. When Fat told me about Leon Stone I realized (this came years after the first realization) that another sentence exists, another series of words, which will heal the person. If you're lucky you will get the second; but you can be certain of getting the first: that is the way it works.
Joshua Harris, Boy Meets Girl: Say Hello to Courtship|Women need to remember that if nature has made them plain, grace can make them beautiful, and if nature has made them beautiful, good deeds can add to their beauty. Grace will make you beautiful and will attract truly godly men to you. Make godliness and inward beauty your priority.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You cannot tell how it is, until you experience it.
G.S. Jennsen, Vertigo|He steadied himself by resting one palm on her thigh and the other on the armrest, and rose to his knees. “I’ll be damned.”“Possibly. But not today, I think.
E.M. Forster|Hardship is vanishing, but so is style, and the two are more closely connected than the present generation supposes.
Stanley Victor Paskavich, Return to Stantasyland|Technology is cold, find a real hand to hold.
Ahmed Mostafa|If this is a dream, may we never wake up!
Vladimir Putin|I was being hated for about 40 or 50 years by the whole world, but it did not destroy me, and it did not ruin my health. And the reason is because I just did not answer them. I had my own life.
W. Somerset Maugham, Of Human Bondage|It's no use crying over spilt milk, because all of the forces of the universe were bent on spilling it.
John Bradshaw, Healing the Shame that Binds You|Carried to its final extreme, the logical end of this type of reaction to life is suicide. The hard-bitten kind of person is always, as it were, a partial suicide; some of himself is already dead
Nora Ephron|Above all, be the heroine of your life, not the victim.
Andrew Davidson, The Gargoyle|There I lay, wearing dead people as armor against death.
Theresa Breslin, Remembrance|If you are not a Conchie, what are you man?' demanded the Major.After some moments' thought, Francis said, 'I am a human being who does not believe in killing my fellow man for insufficient reason.
Karen Joy Fowler, The Jane Austen Book Club|Allegra's Austen wrote about the impact of financial need on the intimate lives of women. If she'd worked in a bookstore, Allegra would have shelved Austen in the horror section.
Jessica Valenti, The Purity Myth: How America's Obsession with Virginity is Hurting Young Women|I think virginity is fine, just as I think having sex is fine. I don't really care what women do sexually, and neither should you. In fact, that's the point. I believe that a young woman's decision to have sex, or not, shouldn't impact how she's seen as a moral actor.
Gloria Swanson|Most parents were, like, Little League coaches and all that. My dad was a wrestling fan. Instead of going out and playing home run derby with my old man, we just watched wrestling together.
Jose Saramago|I trained as a writer before I became a lawyer. I was headed for a life as an English professor, but that just wasn't me. I'm not a scholar; I didn't have a scholar's attitude toward literature.
Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights|May she wake in torment!" he cried, with frightful vehemence, stamping his foot, and groaning in a sudden paroxysm of ungovernable passion. "Why, she's a liar to the end! Where is she? Not there—not in heaven—not perished—where? Oh! you said you cared nothing for my sufferings! And I pray one prayer—I repeat it till my tongue stiffens—May she wake in torment!" he cried, with frightful vehemence, stamping his foot, and groaning in a sudden paroxysm of ungovernable passion. "Why, she's a liar to the end! Where is she? Not there—not in heaven—not perished—where? Oh! you said you cared nothing for my sufferings! And I pray one prayer—I repeat it till my tongue stiffens—Catherine Earnshaw, may you not rest as long as I am living; you said I killed you—haunt me, then! The murdered do haunt their murderers, I believe. I know that ghosts have wandered on earth. Be with me always—take any form—drive me mad! only do not leave me in this abyss, where I cannot find you! Oh, God! it is unutterable! I cannot live without my life! I cannot live without my soul!
Toni Aleo, Overtime|Guess our sex is hot, we start fires.
C.L. Wilson, Lady of Light and Shadows|He sat beside her. "What sort of things did you dream of?""Oh, what most young girls do, I imagine. Fey tales. True love." She gave a small, self-conscious laugh. "You.
E.L. James, Fifty Shades of Grey|I shrug, trapped. I don’t want to lose him. In spite of all his demands, his need to control, his scary vices. I have never felt as alive as I do now. It’s a thrill to be sitting here beside him. He’s so unpredictable, sexy, smart, and funny. But hismoods… oh – and he wants to hurt me. He says he’ll think about my reservations, but it still scares me. I close my eyes. What can I say? Deep down I would just like more, more affection, more playful Christian, more… love.
Anna Akhmatova, Poems of Akhmatova|As the future ripens in the past,so the past rots in the future --a terrible festival of dead leaves.
Kazuo Ishiguro, Never Let Me Go|I half closed my eyes and imagined this was the spot where everything I'd ever lost since my childhood had washed up, and I was now standing here in front of it, and if I waited long enough, a tiny figure would appear on the horizon across the field and gradually get larger until I'd see it was Tommy, and he'd wave, and maybe even call.
Maude Adams|Any critic is entitled to wrong judgments, of course. But certain lapses of judgment indicate the radical failure of an entire sensibility.
Leonard Sax, Boys Adrift: The Five Factors Driving the Growing Epidemic of Unmotivated Boys and Underachieving Young Men|Babbit was an average father. He was affectionate, bullying, opinionated, ignorant, and rather wistful. Like most parents he enjoyed the game of waiting till the victim was clearly wrong, then virtuously pouncing.
José Ortega y Gasset|Sure all life's highways at some point must end, so I plan to ride it in style and plummet in a swan dive when the pavement runs out...And hopefully leave behind artistically that which may make other roads an even better ride...
Nick Jonas|If you want to know how your girl will treat you after marriage, just listen to her talking to her little brother.
Lawrence Durrell, Balthazar|The steward, according to custom, had stopped all the clocks. This, in the language of Narouz, said, "Your stay with us is so brief, let us not be reminded of the flight of the hours. God made eternity. Let us escape from the despotism of time altogether." These ancient and hereditary politenesses filled Nessim with emotion.
Josh Homme|Anger can be a useful emotion; it's built into our genetic code to help with self preservation. But it can also be destructive, even when it is justified.
J.K. Rowling|I have a theory that the world is broken up into two kinds of people.""Yeah?""Yep. On the one side are the people who love the Harry Pottery books and wish that they could attend Hogwarts and have Ron and Hermione for best friends and vanquish Death Eaters and He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named."She's smiling at me, and she's just so fucking cute. I have to ask: "And the other side?"Aimee shrugs. "Douchebags.
Michael Podolinsky, Go for Your Goals|Your identity & life passion/purpose in the context of your beliefs determine your vision, your vision determines your mission, your mission determines your KRAs, your KRAs determine your goals, your goals determine your thoughts, and your thoughts determine your life!” ~ gfp '42©
فرید الدین عطار, The Conference of the Birds|Heart’s blood and bitter pain belong to love,And tales of problems no one can remove;Cupbearer, fill the bowl with blood, not wine -And if you lack the heart’s rich blood take mine.Love thrives on inextinguishable pain,Which tears the soul, then knits the threads again.A mote of love exceeds all bounds; it givesThe vital essence to whatever lives.But where love thrives, there pain is always found;Angels alone escape this weary round -They love without that savage agonyWhich is reserved for vexed humanity.
Amity Shlaes|I played teen roles until high definition came out, and I could never understand it. I would go in for adult roles and be older than many of the people auditioning, but they'd cast the girl without a line on her face.
D. Antoinette Foy|I am in awe of flowers. Not because of their colors, but because even though they have dirt in their roots, they still grow. They still bloom.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Distinctive Footprints of Life: Where Are You Heading Towards?|If you define your life by what you learn only, you will never leave a great footprints on earth. Your life must not only be defined by what you do with what you learn but also the great distinctive exploitations you make with the least things you learn.
Epictetus|If anyone tells you that a certain person speaks ill of you, do not make excuses about what is said of you but answer, "He was ignorant of my other faults, else he would not have mentioned these alone.
Heather Demetrios, I'll Meet You There|I've never been somewhere I belonged, but there are places where I think I could be happy. Like San Francisco. Well, do art museums count? Because I feel like I belong in them.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|If I should die," said I to myself, "I have left no immortal work behind me - nothing to make my friends proud of my memory - but I have lov'd the principle of beauty in all things, and if I had had time I would have made myself remember'd.
Evan Sutter, Solitude: How Doing Nothing Can Change the World|We do not know how to just do nothing; this is a bigger problem than we care to think about. In the west we are taught to seek our answers in external things and, as a result, we never need to take the time to look within. We have a poor connection with ourselves because our whole lives we have been looking outward; we are a society bent on distraction, and the modern world is only amplifying this.
Thomas Aquinas|God is always trying to give blessings to us, but our minds are usually too full to receive them.
Kendal Rob|Time moves on for us, for you it stands still. You will be forever ageless as we grow old, your smile will never wrinkle, nor will that shine in your eyes fade..
Peter Krause|My mother was a very talented artist. When she was in jail, we'd write letters back and forth; that was pretty much the only form of communication we had.
Cary Grant Mr. Lucky|Never give a sucker an even break, but don't cheat a friend.
Barbara Kingsolver, The Lacuna|I almost never respect men. They're like flowers -- all show, a lot of color and lust. You pick them and throw them on the ground.
Christopher Marlowe, Edward II|This tottered ensign of my ancestorsWhich swept the desert shore of that dead seaWhereof we got the name of Mortimer,Will I advance upon these castle-walls.Drums, strike alarum, raise them from their sport,And sing aloud the knell of Gaveston!
Steve-O|If you hunger for certain types of clothes, for which you have little use, put yourself on a diet. Just as you resist too much whipped cream and French pastry to keep your figure in shape, you can say no to those yearned-for but unneeded purchases that lead to a wardrobe that is shapeless and without form.
Roy L. Pickering Jr., Patches Of Grey|It was just a word. It took nothing from him. It made him feel only as low as he allowed himself to feel. His own brother used it in conversation habitually. But not in the same way - filled with malice, overflowing with insult. He couldn't tear his eyes away, shook with lust for retribution. Six little letters making one huge statement. NIGGER.
Mohammed Ali Bapir|Let your action manifest your thought, your belief and your passion.
MD. Muhtashimur Rahman|It is there as it is, not in the past, not in the future, just in the present moment. To live in the present gives a person true happiness as well as the perception of being connected to the world.
Dianne Bright, Soul Reader|Death. Life. They are in the air, the water, the earth, and the fire that surround us. They co-mingle like a dance of weeping and rejoicing. The joy and pain become one. We are of a dualistic nature." ---Jennifer Mills
Dumebi Onwordi-Okonji|If you don't place yourself where you could fail, you'd never have a place from where you'd succeed.
Kate Bornstein, Gender Outlaws: The Next Generation|Whenever I hear someone who has not had a transsexual experience say that gender is just a construct or merely a performance, it always reminds me of that Stephen Colbert gag where he insists that he doesn’t see race. It’s easy to fictionalize an issue when you’re not aware of the many ways in which you are privileged by it.
P.C. Cast, Betrayed|Your way of life is sinful and wrong," he said fiercely.Thus says a man who admits to worshipping a God who vilifies pleasure, relegates women to roles that are little more than servants and broodmares, though they are the backbone of your church, and seeks to control his worshippers through guilt and fear.
Debasish Mridha|Just like the waves of the ocean, my heart is singing the song of endless, eternal, sadness, joy, and love.
George E. Sargent, The Story Of Charles Ogilvie|If bad men, to serve their own private ends, pretend to be religious when they are not, it is not the fault of Christianity. More importantly, it is not the fault of Christ! The Bible tells us that men are to be judged by their fruits; and the wickedness and hypocrisy of a thousand false professors does not prove religion—nor Christ Himself—to be wicked and hypocritical and false. We don’t set our faith and hope on religion or Christianity, but on Christ alone.
Adrienne Rich, Compulsory Heterosexuality and Lesbian Existence|The effect of male-identification means ‘internalizing the values of the colonizer and actively participating in carrying out the colonization of one’s self and one’s sex… Male identification is the act whereby women place men above women, including themselves, in credibility, status, and importance in most situations, regardless of the comparative quality the women may bring to the situation…. Interaction with women is seen as a lesser form of relating on every level.
Haruki Murakami, Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World|My world foreshortened, flattening into a credit card. Seen head on, things seemed merely skewed, but from the side the view was virtually meaningless--a one-dimensional wafer. Everything about me may have been crammed in there, but it was only plastic. Indecipherable except to some machine.
Hermann Hesse|Every true reader could, even if not one new book were published, spend decades and centuries studying on, fighting on, continuing to rejoice in the treasure of those already at hand.
Ambrose Bierce|Inventor: A person who makes an ingenious arrangement of wheels, levers and springs, and believes it civilization.
Dale Carnegie|If I knew your thoughts, I would know what you are, for your thoughts make you who you are. By changing our thoughts, we can change our lives.
John Green, An Abundance of Katherines|What is the point of being alive if you don't at least try to do something remarkable? How very odd, to believe God gave you life, and yet not think that life asks more of you than watching TV.
Jim Morrison|People are afraid of themselves, of their own reality; their feelings most of all. People talk about how great love is, but that’s bullshit. Love hurts. Feelings are disturbing. People are taught that pain is evil and dangerous. How can they deal with love if they’re afraid to feel? Pain is meant to wake us up. People try to hide their pain. But they’re wrong. Pain is something to carry, like a radio. You feel your strength in the experience of pain. It’s all in how you carry it. That’s what matters. Pain is a feeling. Your feelings are a part of you. Your own reality. If you feel ashamed of them, and hide them, you’re letting society destroy your reality. You should stand up for your right to feel your pain.
Neal Shusterman, Everwild|And," added Mikey. "she's my sister."The others looked at him for a moment, and broke out laughing."Yeah, yeah," Squirrel scoffed, "and the McGill is my cousin."Now Allie burst out laughing, which made Mikey more annoyed."If the McGill was your cousin," Mikey said, "I can guarantee he'd disown you.
Lisa Bedrick, Poems about Nature, Grief and Childhood|The more you want to dig a hole and burry yourself in it, the more you need to run and be ALIVE and do things. The more you want to do nothing, the more you need to do something. The more you want to be selfish, just think about yourself and your own pain, the more you need to look outward and try to cheer other people up. Then you will find happiness for yourself, when you give yourself away in any way you can.
Jo Walton, Among Others|I'm so glad I have my own copy. I can read them again and again. I can read them again and again on trains, all my life, and every time I do I'll remember today and it will connect up. (Is that magic?)
Shane L. Koyczan, Remembrance Year|… my words are lovewhich willfully parades inits room, refusing to move.
Marina Keegan|Oftentimes at Yale, I'll be sitting around studying or drinking or hanging out when I'll hear one of my friends talk about a project they're doing for a class or a rally they're organizing or a play they're putting on. And I'll just think, really, honestly, how remarkably privileged we are to hang around with such a talented group of people around here. I am constantly reminded of the immense passion and creativity of those with whom I get to spend time every day.
Tom Verica|I think everyone has dreams, and it's just how you go about pursuing that. And I think anybody can do anything that they set their mind to. So if you set your mind to do something, and you exhaust every opportunity, I think you're going to get there.
Robin Benway, The Extraordinary Secrets of April, May, & June|Did I ever tell you about the manwho taught his asshole to talk?His whole abdomen would move up and down,you dig, farting out the words.It was unlike anything I ever heard. Bubbly, thick, stagnant sound. A sound you could smell. This man worked for the carnival,you dig? And to start with it waslike a novelty ventriloquist act.After a while,the ass started talking on its own.He would go inwithout anything prepared...and his ass would ad-liband toss the gags back at him every time. Then it developed sort of teethlike...little raspy incurving hooksand started eating.He thought this was cute at firstand built an act around it...but the asshole would eat its way throughhis pants and start talking on the street... shouting out it wanted equal rights.It would get drunk, too, and have crying jags.Nobody loved it. And it wanted to be kissed,same as any other mouth. Finally, it talked all the time,day and night. You could hear him for blocks,screaming at it to shut up... beating at it with his fists... and sticking candles up it, but... nothing did any good,and the asshole said to him... "It is you who will shut upin the end, not me..."because we don't need youaround here anymore. I can talk and eat and shit." After that, he began waking upin the morning with transparentjelly... like a tadpole's tailall over his mouth. He would tear it off his mouthand the pieces would stick to his hands... like burning gasoline jellyand grow there. So, finally, his mouth sealed over... and the whole head... would have amputated spontaneouslyexcept for the eyes, you dig? That's the one thingthat the asshole couldn't do was see. It needed the eyes.Nerve connections were blocked... and infiltrated and atrophied. So, the brain couldn'tgive orders anymore. It was trapped inside the skull... sealed off.For a while, you could see... the silent, helpless sufferingof the brain behind the eyes. And then finallythe brain must have died... because the eyes went out... and there was no more feeling in themthan a crab's eye at the end of a stalk.
George Washington Carver|The fairest thing in nature, a flower, still has its roots in earth and manure.
Rosalyn Drexler, The Line of Least Existence and Other Plays|There are men who put the weight of a coffin into their deliberations as they bargain for Cashmere shawls for their wives, as they go up the staircase of a theatre, or think of going to the Bouffons, or of setting up a carriage; who are murderers in thought when dear ones, with the irresistable charm of innocence, hold up childish foreheads to be kissed with a ‘Good-night, father!’ Hourly they meet the gaze of eyes they would fain close forever, eyes that still open each morning to the light. . . God alone knows the number of those who are parricides in thought
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|We ought to encourage, build and strengthen one another.
Lev Grossman, The Magician King|When I grow up, maybe I will bethe first one to circle the sea.Or maybe I will just spend all my daydoing everything my way.Maybe I will be in a world of my ownI just hope not alone.I just know that whatever I doI will never, ever forget about you.
Keith Donohue, The Stolen Child|I have no way of knowing whether you, who eventually will read this record, like stories or not. If you do not, no doubt you have turned these pages without attention. I confess that I love them. Indeed, it often seems to me that of all the good things in the world, the only ones humanity can claim for itself are stories and music; the rest, mercy, beauty, sleep, clean water and hot food (as the Ascian would have said) are all the work of the Increate. Thus, stories are small things indeed in the scheme of the universe, but it is hard not to love best what is our own—hard for me, at least.
Eugene H. Peterson|The Bible makes it clear that every time that there is a story of faith, it is completely original. God's creative genius is endless.
R. Alan Woods, The Journey Is The Destination: A Photo Journal|Our healing is in His hands".~R. Alan Woods [2012]
Jonathan Edwards, The Religious Affections|There was no one innocent amongst us, I realized then. We were all sinners, one way or the other. We hurt with our hands, with our mouths, or with our minds. But what matters was the ‘why’.~Eyes of a Goddess
Helen Keller, Optimism|Once I knew the depth where no hope was, and darkness lay on the face of all things... But a little word from the fingers of another fell into my hand that clutched at emptiness, and my heart leaped to the rapture of living.
Dylan Thomas, Under Milk Wood|The only sea I saw Was the seesaw sea With you riding on it. Lie down, lie easy. Let me shipwreck in your thighs.
Isobel Irons, Promiscuous|I know what you're thinking. ‘How the hell does this broke ass piece of trailer trash know words like caveat,’ right? Well guess what? I've read every single book on the New York Times list of 'Top 100 Literary Classics,' not to mention every Jane Austen, Sylvia Plath or Bronte sisters’ book ever written. And fuck you very much for judging me, by the way.
Glenn Beck|I was a mimic when I was a child. I mimicked the teacher and made friends that way, actually. That was a very subversive activity, because I was a goody-goody who never got in trouble. But if I went off in the corner and mimicked the teacher, people loved it.
Dan Brown, The Da Vinci Code|These books can't possibly compete with centuries of established history, especially when that history is endorsed by the ultimate bestseller of all time." Faukman's eyes went wide. "Don't tell me Harry Potter is actually about the Holy Grail.""I was referring to the Bible."Faukman cringed. "I knew that.
Christina Aguilera|I was so lucky to have parents who supported me, 100%, with whatever I was doing, both financially and emotionally. Having that they made my life so much easier. Instead of becoming a bartender and trying to survive while trying to pursue your dreams, I didn't have to worry about that aspect. I could just pursue my dreams.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We use the mind to create ourselves. Stuck amid the inevitable gaps between the mint of imagination and the postholes of actuality, we stutter step through the stratum of objective and subjective reality. We constantly amend our internal mental maps. Each day we awaken from the nighttime dream world with a revised identity of ourselves.
Mehmet Murat ildan|You do not have a mind belongs to yourself! Your thoughts are the thoughts of your culture! When you speak, it is not you but your culture, your religion, your traditions, your political or spiritual leaders speak! If not you but your culture, your religion etc. are speaking on behalf of you, then what are you, who are you? A stupid puppet? Get a mind which belongs to yourself! Only then you will be able to speak with your own thoughts on behalf of your own self!
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|My affliction decided to join us, forcing me to push my toes on the floor as though I were trying to eject myself from the chair. I prayed she didn’t notice what the affliction was making me do. I half expected to be eaten alive or murdered and buried out back in the school yard. “I’m not afraid of you, ya know,” I said, although I was terrified of her. The words hurt her, but that wasn’t my intent. She turned her face and looked out the window into North Cliff Street. She knew what her face and twisted body looked like, and she probably knew what the kids said about her. It was probably an open wound for her and I had just tossed salt into it.  I was instantly ashamed of what I done and tried to correct myself. I didn’t mean to be hurtful, because I knew what it was like to be ridiculed for something that was beyond one’s control, such as my affliction, and how it made me afraid to touch the chalk because the feel of chalk to people like me is overwhelming. If I had to write on the blackboard, I held the chalk with the cuff of my shirt and the class laughed.  “You look good in a nun’s suit,” I said. It was a stupid thing to say, but I meant well by it. She looked down at the black robe as if she were seeing it for the first time.
Michael  Grant, Plague|She threw her arms around him and kissed him. It was a station-platform kiss—spontaneous enough to begin with, but rather inhibited in the follow-through, and with somewhat of a forehead-bumping aspect.
Marissa Clarke, Love Me to Death|Nikolai had expected to have to fight the urge to torture the progeny of his father’s murderer, but he had never anticipated fighting the urge to fuck her.
Kathleen Norris|The Christian religion asks us to put our trust not in ideas, and certainly not in ideologies, but in a God Who was vulnerable enough to become human and die, and Who desires to be present to us in our ordinary circumstances.
Linda Holeman, The Saffron Gate|And now the thought came to me that I lived much of my life through the pages of books as well. That perhaps I, too, was only a paper figure. A cut-out, or silhouette. Flat.I always thought I knew the shape of my life. Of course I thought I knew about life, thought I knew all I needed - or wanted - to know. And yet, like the opening left when a burning star falls from its perch, now an unexpected hole was left in what was once a solid curtain of understanding... ( )... Sitting under the cold stars, I understood that it was death that made me recognize life, and the existence, or pherhaps the non-existence of my own beeing.
Andy Paula|Technically, according to the notion of the will of God, there is no such a thing as a competent surgeon.
David Eddings, Pawn of Prophecy|We're living in momentous times, Garion. The events of a thousand years and more have all focused on these very days. The world, I'm told, is like that. Centuries pass when nothing happens, and then in a few short years events of such tremendous importance take place that the world is never the same again." I think that if I had my choice, I'd prefer one of those quiet centuries," Garion said glumly. Oh, no," Silk said, his lips drawing back in a ferretlike grin. "Now's the time to be alive - to see it all happen, to be a part of it. That makes the blood race, and each breath is an adventure.
Roopleen|Quitting is never an option on the road to success. Find the way forward. If you have a positive mindset and are willing to persevere, there is little that is beyond your reach. The attitude of being ready to work even in the face of challenges and despite odds is what will make all the difference in your life.
Roy  Bennett|Every challenge, every adversity, contains within it the seeds of opportunity and growth.
William Nicholson, Shadowlands|God creates us free, free to be selfish, but He adds a mechanism that will penetrate our selfishness and wake us up to the presence of others in this world, and that mechanism is called suffering.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If I scan the expanse of my heart and find it empty of everything except emptiness, it is because I ‘poured’ the whole of my passion into something other than God. And anything other than God will always be too ‘poor’ to be able to ‘pour’ back anything that can fill that kind of emptiness.
Anaïs Nin, House of Incest|Azhrarn the Beautiful," said Chuz lovingly, "it is your beautiful madness I have come to see.
Sharon Stone|Women can fake an orgasm, but men can fake an entire relationship.
Doc Hastings|But some actors I have met possess an intelligence that I can only dream of. It's about character, it's about behavior. They understand things about people that I simply don't see.
Jim Harrison|Wherever we go we do harm, forgivingourselves as wheels do cement for wearingeach other out. We set this houseon fire, forgetting that we live within.(from "To a Meadowlark," for M.L. Smoker)
Aniruddha Sastikar|Simplicity comes at a cost; the rich can't stand for, forget affording.
Hugh Prather, I Touch the Earth, the Earth Touches Me|Sometimes I doubt and sometimes I believe. And I like not making myself believe when I am doubting, and not making myself doubt when I am believing. Surely neither God nor Accident need my consistency.
Ranata Suzuki|Your memory feels like home to me.So whenever my mind wanders, it always finds it’s way back to you.
Simon Holt, The Devouring|If you don't learn how to be scared, you'll never really learn how to be brave.
Amy Harmon, Making Faces|There is never a need to justify anything to others, only yourself.
Ben Zobrist|My dad's one true quest in life was for the Platonic ideal of peanut butter. And I remember one day he announced, with a look of utter transfiguration on his face, that he had found paradise on Earth in a jar with a yellow cap. And it was called Red Wing.
Naomi Jackson, The Star Side of Bird Hill|And she knew that this was the thing that would harm Dionne in the end, not her foolishness but the foolhardy way in which she clung to her own terrible ideas. She knew that this was Avril's undoing, not that she'd made the wrong choices, but that she'd been so unwilling to let anyone in to see the lie of her marriage, this masking was worse than the original mistake. Sixty-three years on this earth has taught Hyacinth that it wasn't so much the mistakes that people made but how flexible they were in the aftermath that made all the difference in how their lives turned out. It was the women who held too tightly to the dream of their husband's fidelity who unraveled, the parents who clasped their children too close who lost them, the me who grieved too deeply the lives they'd wanted and would never have who saw their sadness consume them. Hyacinth worried about Dionne because of her hard way of being in the world, the way she could only see the world through the lens of her own flawed feelings.
Kathleen Glasgow, Girl in Pieces|In life; there are two things you should never believe: the tears of women and the hearts of men, and there are two things you should always believe in life; the hearts of women, and the tears of men.
Darmie O-Lujon|It takes physical, spiritual and mental preparation to overcome the life challenges.
Petra Haden|My favorite thing about movies is the ending, and so all my favorite movies have really great endings.
Alison Blackmore|Sever sarcastic snakes, sting six soulless slaves, severely smack saucy sin, scar sooky saps’ spines snogging snug sexy slang, 666 I’m glad yourang…
Neil Gaiman, The Kindly Ones|Can't say I've ever been too fond of beginnings, myself. Messy little things. Give me a good ending anytime. You know where you are with an ending.
Taylor Chackowsky|For some, memories are a blessing. They give one something to look at and cherish in dark times. For some, memories are a curse. They give one pain, guilt, and sorrow. But for all, memories make up who we are now.
Heather R. Blair, Blood in Fire|The future might be dark, but darkness shared wasn't a thing to be feared.It was to be embraced.
Anonymous|When my wife was asked  "Do you take this man for richer or poorer . . ." she answered  "For richer."
Barbara Bush|My best friend is the most important girl, outside of family, to me. I met her when I went to college and we bonded immediately. I'd do anything for her at any time. We phone each other every day.
Idries Shah, The Sufis|And Rumi tells us, ‘Soul receives from soul that knowledge, therefore not by book nor from tongue’.
William S. Burroughs, The Job: Interviews with William S. Burroughs|I feel that the change, the mutation in consciousness, will occur spontaneously once certain pressures now in operation are removed. I feel that the principal instrument of monopoly and control that prevents expansion of consciousness is the word lines controlling thought, feeling and apparent sensory impressions of the human host.
Tahereh Mafi, Ignite Me|Please," he says. "I'm begging you to stop."I still. "I can't stomach your pain," he says. "I can feel it so strongly and it's making me crazy- please," he says to me. "Don't be sad. Or hurt. Or guilty. You've done nothing wrong." "I'm sorry-""Don't be sorry, either," he says. "God, the only reason I'm not going to kill Kent for this is because I know it would only upset you more.
Mordecai Wyatt Johnson|The great leaders of the second world war alliance, Franklin Roosevelt and Winston Churchill, understood the twin sides of destruction and salvation. Their war aims were not only to defeat fascism, but to create a world of shared prosperity.
Sarah Addison Allen, Lost Lake|This feeling of being "home at last" corresponds to my idea about the city, and idea shaped by books, movies, and plays, an idea of infinite possibility.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|Greatness can be contagious, but first there must be contact.
Sunday Adelaja|We have to dedicate ourselves to a holy way of life, to justice, honesty and loyalty
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|Four days, eight days, twelve days passed, and he was invited to teas, to suppers, to lunches. They sat talking through the long green afternoons - they talked of art, of literature, of life, of society and politics. They ate ice creams and squabs and drank good wines.
Eve Babitz, Sex and Rage: Advice to Young Ladies Eager for a Good Time: A Novel|For the first six months, all whe wanted was honest labor, finely crafted novels, and surf.
Thomas Bernhard, Goethe schtirbt: Erzählungen|After my parents were dead, I found in a box and in two chests of drawers nothing but hundreds of bright red Alpine caps, I said, nothing but bright red Alpine stockings. Every one of them knitted by my mother. My parents could have gone into the High Alps with these bright red caps and bright red stockings for thousands of years. I burnt every one of those bright red caps and bright red stockings, I said. I put on one of my mother's hundreds of bright red Alpine caps and in this costume burnt all the others, laughing, laughing, continuously laughing, I said.(Goethe Dies, p.65)
Daniel J. Levitin, This Is Your Brain on Music: The Science of a Human Obsession|Music may be the activity that prepared our pre-human ancestors for speech communication and for the very cognitive, representational flexibility necessary to become humans.
Steen Langstrup, The Informer|In life, nobody gets out alive.
Jeff Horowitz, My First 100 Marathons: 2,260 Miles with an Obsessive Runner|Places are people as well as rocks, trees and buildings. Places are moments in time.
Albert Camus|որևէ քաղաք ճանաչելու ամենաճիշտ ձևերից մեկն էլ իմանալն է, թե ինչպե՞ս են այնտեղ աշխատում, ինչպե՞ս են սիրում, և ինչպե՞ս են մեռնում:
Ta-Nehisi Coates|I could see that it was God's forgiveness and His mercy that I needed, and that was provided through Christ on the Cross for those who will receive Him as Lord and Savior. That is how I came to Christ.
Barbara Kingsolver|Hope is a renewable option: If you run out of it at the end of the day, you get to start over in the morning.
