Voltaire|By what incomprehensible mechanism are our organs held in subjection to sentiment and thought? How is it that a single melancholy idea shall disturb the whole course of the blood; and that the blood should in turn communicate irregularities to the human understanding? What is that unknown fluid which certainly exists and which, quicker and more active than light, flies in less than the twinkling of an eye into all the channels of life,—produces sensations, memory, joy or grief, reason or frenzy,—recalls with horror what we would choose to forget; and renders a thinking animal, either a subject of admiration, or an object of pity and compassion?
Alexander Pope|If you can learn to love yourself and all the flaws, you can love other people so much better. And that makes you so happy.
Hannah More|Religion, you know, enters very deep; in reality it is the deepest impression I have in speaking to people, that they are or that they are not of my religion.
Daniel Webster|While most Americans know about the Boston Tea Party, few are aware of the Liberty Tree and how important it was to fanning the flames of rebellion that led to the revolution in 1775 and the Declaration of Independence.
James Sallis, Black Hornet|Fantastic fortune thou deceitful light,That cheats the weary traveler by night,Though on a precipice each step you tread,I am resolved to follow where you lead.
Frank Bruni|You see, a witch has to have a familiar, some little animal like a cat or a toad. He helps her somehow. When the witch dies the familiar is suppose to die too, but sometimes it doesn't. Sometimes, if it's absorbed enough magic, it lives on. Maybe this toad found its way south from Salem, from the days when Cotton Mather was hanging witches. Or maybe Lafitte had a Creole girl who called on the Black Man in the pirate-haven of Barataria. The Gulf is full of ghosts and memories, and one of those ghosts might very well be that of a woman with warlock blood who'd come from Europe a long time ago, and died on the new continent.And possibly her familiar didn't know the way home. There's not much room for magic in America now, but once there was room.("Before I Wake...")
C.S. Lewis|destines them to eternity. He therefore, I believe, wants them to attend chiefly to two things, to eternity itself, and to that point of time, which they call the Present. For the Present is the point at which time touches eternity. Of the present moment, and of it only, humans have an experience analogous to the experience which [God] has of reality as a whole; in it alone freedom and actuality are offered them. He would therefore have them continually concerned either with eternity or with the Present--either meditating on their eternal union with, or separation from, Himself, or else obeying the present voice of conscience, bearing the present cross, receiving the present grace, giving thanks for the present pleasure.
Krissi Dallas|Curious creatures we mortals are-how we do not know what we want, or how to get it if we do.
Les Murray, New Selected Poems|Why write poetry? For the weird unemployment. / For the painless headaches, that must be tapped to strike / down along your writing arm at the accumulated moment. / For the adjustments after, aligning facets in a verb / before the trance leaves you. For working always beyond / your own intelligence.
Victoria Alexander, What A Lady Wants|My desire, my sincere and heartfelt desire is to rip that surprisingly sheer garment from your body, toss you onto that bed, and indeed ravish you from head to toe. I wish to make love to you until you are too exhausted to do so much as stand without support. Until you call out my name in your dreams and reach for me in your sleep. Until you can think of no one and nothing beyond the touch of my hand, the caress of my lips.
Geoffrey Wood, Leaper: The Misadventures of a Not-Necessarily-Super Hero|Without God, reality is madness. Reason will tell you so. You either madly trust in God, or you trust in a world gone mad without him.
Twiggy|Even before I was discovered in 1966, I used to make my own clothes. I learned how to sew early on, and it's still my passion now. I constantly have ideas in my head about clothes so jumped at the chance to do my own collection and am very hands-on. Everything I design, I wear and I love.
Edward Forbes, The Natural History of the European Seas|Who that has ever visited the borders of this classic sea, has not felt at the first sight of its waters a glow of reverent rapture akin to devotion, and an instinctive sensation of thanksgiving at being permitted to stand before these hallowed waves? All that concerns the Mediterranean is of the deepest interest to civilized man, for the history of its progress is the history of the development of the world; the memory of the great men who have lived and died around its banks; the recollection of the undying works that have come thence to delight us for ever; the story of patient research and brilliant discoveries connected with every physical phenomenon presented by its waves and currents, and with every order of creatures dwelling in and around its waters. The science of the Mediterranean is the epitome of the science of the world.
Charles Yu, How to Live Safely in a Science Fictional Universe|Within a science fictional space, memory and regret are, when taken together, the set of necessary and sufficient elements required to produce a time machine.
Mark O'Connell, Epic Fail: Bad Art, Viral Fame, and the History of the Worst Thing Ever|The speech fascinated him. His ear caught the rhythm of it and he noted their idioms and worked some of them into his patter. He had found the reason behind the peculiar, drawling language of the old carny hands—it was a composite of all the sprawling regions of the country. A language which sounded Southern to Southerners, Western to Westerners. It was the talk of the soil and its drawl covered the agility of the brains that poured it out. It was a soothing, illiterate, earthy language.
Ana Ortega|Find the joy in your everyday situations. You have the choice, you always did and you will always do. Thrive.
Victor Hugo|Though one believes in nothing, there are moments in life when one accepts the religion of the temple nearest at hand.
Robin Bielman, Wild About Her Wingman|Life has no guarantees, but my life has no meaning if you're not in it.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Man boasts of his nobility, his ideals, and his progress. Man’s goal is imitation, not redemption.
Madeline Miller, The Song of Achilles|When I am dead, I charge you to mingle our ashes and bury us together.
Anna Todd, After|I think back to what Landon said about heartbreak, that if you don’t love the person, they can’t break your heart. Hardin repeatedly breaks my heart, even when I don’t think there are any more pieces to break.And I love him. I love Hardin.
Shauna Niequist|I know that life is busy and hard and that there's crushing pressure to just settle down and get a real job and khaki pants and a haircut. But don't. Please don't. Please keep believing that life can be better, brighter, broader because of the art that you make. Please keep demonstrating the courage that it takes to swim upstream in a world that prefers putting away for retirement to putting pen to paper, that chooses practicality over poetry, that values you more for going to the gym than going to the deepest places in your soul. Please keep making your art for people like me, people who need the magic and imagination and honesty of great art to make the day-to-day world a little more bearable.
Scott Stabile|Many of us have gotten so used to playing to the expectations of society, of our families,of our friends, and of our minds, that we don’t even allow ourselves to consider who we really are or what we really need. We ignore the callsof our hearts, giving our lives, instead, to thedemands of an outside world built on fitting in.We can stop this, right now. We can choose to listen to ourselves, to heed our deepest callings,whatever they are. We can give ourselves thefreedom to be whoever the hell we want to bein this world. Right now, if we choose to.And why wouldn’t we?
Donna Talarico, Selected Memories: Five Years of Hippocampus Magazine|Simply put, I love books, physical books. I own so many--many of which I have not read (yet). I just need to have them . On shelves. In piles. In random conference tote bags. Paper magazines and newspapers too. Some call it clutter. I call it cozy. It's comforting to know I am surrounded by pages of stories. And, thus, by storytellers.
Neil Postman, Teaching as a Subversive Activity|There is no way to help a learner to be disciplined, active, and thoroughly engaged unless he perceives a problem to be a problem or whatever is to-be-learned as worth learning, and unless he plays an active role in determining the process of solution.
Evan Sutter, Solitude: How Doing Nothing Can Change the World|We consume so we never have to answer the hard questions. When we are bored we eat. When we are lonely we watch a movie, read the newspaper, jump on social media. Each time we do we cover up our real emotions and keep throwing another layer of confusion and anxiety on top, making it almost impossible to dig ourselves out of the hole, or at least see which way is up.
A.E. Croft|Writing is my passion, not my job. I need to write as much as I need to breathe, if not more.
Derek The Ghost, Scary School|Ms. Fang is the nicest, sweetest teacher at Scary School. She only ate twelve kids last year.
Ta-Nehisi Coates, Between the World and Me|The spirit and soul are the body and brain, which are destructible-that is precisely why they are so precious.
Jussi Adler-Olsen|If you want to know what the camel stole from your kitchen yesterday, then you shouldn;t slit open its stomach. You should stare into its arsehole.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|A joyful soul, a grateful spirit full of love and light!
Mehmet Murat ildan|William Cowper said that God made the country, and man made the town. If it was the opposite, there would be no country; because town can be created from the country but the country cannot be created from the town!
Joseph Fink, Mostly Void, Partially Stars|History is us squinting into the past, mistaking millions of tiny vibrations in all directions for unified, unidirectional movements by entire civilizations.
Kevin Hearne, Hunted|never ask the tight-rope walker how he keeps his balance. if he stops to think about it, he falls off
Jerry Bridges, Holiness Day by Day: Transformational Thoughts for Your Spiritual Journey|Life is the first gift, love is the second, and understanding the third.
Jenni Schaefer, Life Without Ed: How One Woman Declared Independence from Her Eating Disorder and How You Can Too|Why couldn’t I find one action that would make the need to binge automatically disappear? Because there is no magic action to make that horrible prebinge feeling go away. The cool thing is that we are designed so that the feeling will pass through us on its own—in time. All we have to do is sit there and feel what is going on inside of us. We must experience the feelings. To help us deal with the feelings, we can call someone on our support team. We can also express the feelings by focusing on our breath or even hitting a pillow. The important thing to remember is that no matter how terrible, feelings do pass. It takes patience and trust—not food . . .
Samuel Beckett, Embers|Henry: I usen't to need anyone, just to myself, stories, there was a great one about an old fellow called Bolton, I never finished it, I never finished any of them, I never finished anything, everything always went on for ever. (Pause.)
George Gordon Byron|I do not believe in any religion, I will have nothing to do with immortality. We are miserable enough in this life without speculating upon another.
Daniel Bruhl|I'm very thankful to players like John Stockton and Spud Webb. They've made it possible for someone like me to make it. I think teams are actually looking for one player under 6-feet now, because they make things happen.
Astrid Brown, A Psychic Affair: A Romantic Novel|If measuring by this earthly realm's time then it's been years but in the unseen realm above known as Vehaven, it has been but a moment.
Oscar A. Romero, The Violence of Love|When we struggle for human rights, for freedom, for dignity, when we feel that it is a ministry of the church to concern itself for those who are hungry, for those who have no schools, for those who are deprived, we are not departing from God’s promise. He comes to free us from sin, and the church knows that sin’s consequences are all such injustices and abuses. The church knows it is saving the world when it undertakes to speak also of such things.
Neil Humphreys|People who own their lives do not feel guilty when they make choices about where they are going. They take other people into consideration, but when they make choices for the wishes of others, they are choosing out of love, not guilt; to advance a good, not to avoid a bad.
Stanley Victor Paskavich|I was in a department store and the clerk came up to me and said "do you want to lay on the couch' I said "Where's your clip board?
Graydon Carter|In these troubled, uncertain times, we don't need more command and control; we need better means to engage everyone's intelligence in solving challenges and crises as they arise.
Lailah Gifty Akita|History is rich knowledge, In your travel, learn the brief history of the place visited. .
Arundhati Roy, The Ministry of Utmost Happiness|N O T H I N GI would like to write one of those sophisticated stories in which even though nothing much happens there’s lots to write about. That can’t be done in Kashmir. It’s not sophisticated, what happens here. There’s too much blood for good literature.Q 1: Why is it not sophisticated?Q 2: What is the acceptable amount of blood for good literature?y
Marsha L. Larsen, Friending God: A Woman's Quest through a Social Network|We can all do so much more than we think we can. Wherever you think you are right now, you can go further, do better, be more than ever! What's wonderful is the future you're looking forward to and also your present potential right now! You're winning regardless. Both now and later.Celebrate you.
Tanushree Podder|Try as we might, each of us can eat only about 1500 pounds of food a year. What this means for the food industry is that its natural rate of growth is somewhere around 1% every year (growth of American population).
Phillip Cary, Good News for Anxious Christians: Ten Practical Things You Don't Have to Do|The importance of falling in love lies not in how it feels, but in what it perceives. And as always with our feelings, the key moral issue is how truthful the perception is... Falling in love is a sign that this might be someone with whom you could make a good marriage. Still, it's not enough, because the feeling is not always as perceptive as it should be... So falling in love is not the basis for a good marriage. It's not even a requirement. Marriage does not depend on falling in love; it depends on the promises you make to each other in your wedding vows and then spend a lifetime keeping. As many people have pointed out, you can't promise how you'll feel. But you can promise to cultivate a virtue, such as the virtue of love.
Camille Paglia|The only road to freedom is self-education in art. Art is not a luxury for any advancedcivilization; it is a necessity, without which creative intelligence will wither and die. Evenin economically troubled times, support for the arts should be a national imperative.Dance, for example, requires funding not only to secure safe, roomy rehearsal space butto preserve the indispensible continuity of the teacher-student link. American culture hasbecome unbalanced by its obsession with the blood sport of politics, a voracious vortexconsuming everything in its path. History shows that, for both individuals and nations,political power is transient. America's true legacy is its ideal of liberty, which has inspiredinsurgencies around the world. Politicians and partisans of both the Right and the Leftmust recognize that art too is a voice of liberty, requiring nurture without intrusion. Artunites the spiritual and material realms. In an age of alluring, magical machines, thesociety that forgets art risks losing its soul.
Sandra M. Michelle, Move Your Mountains!: Strategies to Turn Adversity Into Victory|Don't be alarmed, the god I am trying to kill is the one I hate, not the one I love
Mark Leiren-Young, Never Shoot a Stampede Queen: A Rookie Reporter in the Cariboo|Winter, spring, and summer, passed away during my labours; but I did not watch the blossoms or the expanding leaves — sights which before always yielded me supreme delight, so deeply was I engrossed in my occupation.
Jennifer Salaiz|The eyes are one of the most powerful tools a woman can have. With one look, she can relay the most intimate message. After the connection is made, words cease to exist. 
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I must not imagine what is ‘not’ as a means of escaping what ‘is’. Rather, I must understand what ‘is’ and imagine how I can make it what it is ‘not’.
Christopher Daniel Mechling, Peter: The Untold True Story|The energy you drew on so extravagantly when you were a kid, the energy you thought would never exhaust itself - that slipped away somewhere between eighteen and twenty-four, to be replaced by something much duller, something as bogus as a coke high: purpose, maybe, or goals, or whatever rah-rah Junior Chamber of Commerce word you wanted to use. It was no big deal; it didn't go all at once, with a bang. And maybe, Richie thought, that's the scary part. How you didn't stop being a kid all at once, with a big explosive bang, like one of that clown's trick balloons. The kid in you just leaked out, like the air of a tire.
Alan Moore, V for Vendetta|Since mankind's dawn, a handful of oppressors have accepted the responsibility over our lives that we should have accepted for ourselves. By doing so, they took our power. By doing nothing, we gave it away. We've seen where their way leads, through camps and wars, towards the slaughterhouse.
Elizabeth McGovern|We all have within us a deep wisdom, but sometimes we don't know we have it.
John Flanagan, The Ruins of Gorlan|How do we get there? How did you get here, by the way?' [Will asked].He heard Halt's deep sigh and knew he'd done it again.'Do you ever,' the older Ranger said with great deliberation, 'manage to ask just one question at a time? Or does it always have to be multiple choice with you?'Will looked at him in surprise. 'Do I do that?' he asked. 'Are you sure?'Halt said nothing. He raised his hands in a 'See what I mean?' gesture...'Halt,' [Selethen said], 'I could be wrong, but I think you were just guilty of the same fault. I'm sure I heard you ask two questions just then.''Thank you for pointing that out, Lord Selethen,' Halt said with icy formality.
Jim Henson|I don't know exactly where ideas come from, but when I'm working well ideas just appear. I've heard other people say similar things - so it's one of the ways I know there's help and guidance out there. It's just a matter of our figuring out how to receive the ideas or information that are waiting to be heard.
Savannah Stuart, Power Unleashed|What are you doing?" she whispered.	He wasn't sure why she was whispering, but he kept his voice just as low. "I want to taste you.
Horatio Nelson|In the modern world of business, it is useless to be a creative, original thinker unless you can also sell what you create.
Lance Greenfield|Politics is the art of promising heaven and delivering purgatory, and claiming hero status for saving your country from hell.
Kamand Kojouri|And then one day you realise that if you want to be rich, you'd have to give away almost everything you own.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|Money is like fire. It is only good when there's just the right amount of it, when it's properly contained and under your control.
Helen Fisher|I have encountered riotous mobs and have been hung in effigy, but my motto is: Men's rights are nothing more. Women's rights are nothing less.
Steve Jobs|Technology can be our best friend, and technology can also be the biggest party pooper of our lives. It interrupts our own story, interrupts our ability to have a thought or a daydream, to imagine something wonderful because we're too busy bridging the walk from the cafeteria back to the office on the cell phone.
Hans Blix, Why Nuclear Disarmament Matters|Negotiations with Iran, especially, will not be easy under any circumstances, but I suspect that they might be somewhat less difficult if the nuclear-weapon states could show that their requests are part of a broader effort to lead the world, including themselves, toward nuclear disarmament. Preventing further proliferation is essential, but it is not a recipe for success to preach to the rest of the world to stay away from the very weapons that nuclear states claim are indispensable to their own security.
Matthew Sharpe, Jamestown|You know what love is because you've studied it, not because you've felt it. You never will. You know what love is? It's this insidious thing that infects your eyes and ears, spreads to every inch of skin, the follicles of hair on the skin, the lips, the tongue, a hundred million microscopic organisms crawling on you. They commandeer the hollow of your thorax and your guts, your arms, your legs, your head, and other extremities. You cease to be yourself. You are now a vessel of impressions and thoughts of the person you love, of wishes for her, of dreams of her. You're jealous of the air she breathes because she takes it inside her all day and needs it to live; it becomes her, as you want to. You cast your thoughts of her and you an hour, a day, a week, a year, a hundred years into the future. No thought has the power to push itself as far into the future as the thought of love—not even thoughts of fame, or wealth, or death.
Mark W. Boyer|A heart given freely is the most vulnerable and selfless thing one can offer another human being. It can be as fragile and needy as a newly born infant, or as solid and self-supporting as a granite pillar, yet it is the hands of the recipient that determines its ultimate fate.
Stacey Radin, Brave Girls: Raising Young Women with Passion and Purpose to Become Powerful Leaders|A woman with a strong sense of personal power, is self confident enough to accurately identify her strengths as well as her blind spots, which she is continually working to improve.
Margot McCuaig, The Birds That Never Flew|The final entity was the beast. The steel juggernaut that raked claws made of screams along the bones of their soul.All of the pain that Jango had endured as a child had never left his mind. That pain had created a sort of primordial ooze in his fractured mind that sloshed and bled until the beast was birthed from the suffering. The beast lived in a cage forged of willpower deep in the recesses of the mad matrix of his splintered mind. It rattled the cage and roared for release, but he was loath to ever set the beast loose…again.
Bryan M. Litfin, The Sword|For a long time, Maurice rubbed his shaved head in his palm, until at last he looked up at his student. "Teo, I think you have to let Deu be the God he is, not the god you want him to be.
Sapan Saxena|And I learnt five new languages in the last three years""Only if you could for once understand the language of my eyes.
Stanley Victor Paskavich|When the wind blows, curtain steps aside; when the genius blows, the intelligent stands aside!
Frances O'Roark Dowell, Ten Miles Past Normal|Blaming yourself is like a curse eating you from within, a rogue virus, cancerous and poisonous. It will drive you mad if you let it .
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|On no account should you entertain being a victim of your own circumstances. When unexpected failure occurs, you can turn it into success.
Drew  Hayes, Forging Hephaestus|When she had asked him how he was able to kill two men with his bare hands, he had gone into asshole mode, telling her not to look a gift horse in the mouth.
Jaime Rush, Beyond the Darkness|An hour before his world exploded like a ripe tomato under a stiletto heel, Myron bit into a fresh pastry that tasted suspiciously like urinal cake.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|They are not brave, the days when we are twenty-one. They are full of little cowardices, little fears without foundation, and one is so easily bruised, so swiftly wounded, one falls to the first barbed word. To-day, wrapped in the complacent armour of approaching middle age, the infinitesimal pricks of day by day brush one but lightly and are soon forgotten, but then—how a careless word would linger, becoming a fiery stigma, and how a look, a glance over a shoulder, branded themselves as things eternal.
Apurva sharma|They call it "young music"; I see, however, that the record industry makes millions by the carload for shrewd older people! They invoke the name of spontaneity, nonconformity and originality; actually, canny "clothing industrialists" manipulate the field, undisturbed sovereigns! They call themselves revolutionaries, but the overscrupulous attentions devoted to their hair and their dress risk creating merely effeminates.
Susan May Warren, Flee the Night|Scientists want to search for alien signals because that's what gets them publicity. They are like Jesus Christ.""Jesus Christ?" Nambodri asked, with a faintly derogatory chuckle."Yes. They are exactly like Jesus Christ. You know that he turned water into wine.""I've heard that story.""From the point of view of pure chemistry, it is more miraculous to make wine into water than water into wine. But he did not do that. Because if he had gone to someone's house and converted their wine into water, they would have crucified him much earlier. He knew, Jana. He knew making water into wine was a more popular thing to do.
David Mitchell|One of them confessed to Paul that his tribe had heard stories about the fiercely cannibalistic ways of white men. Paul's first instinct was to laugh him off as a simpleminded fool. But the legend hadn't been conjured from thin air. When Paul tried to assure him that white men didn't eat black men, the man confronted him with a direct challenge: explain why they bought and sold Africans as if they were cattle, not human beings."Why do you come from nobody knows where, and carry off our men, and women, and children?" the man asked Paul. "Do you not fatten them in your far country and eat them?
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|A Halloween flower,if ever there was one,would smell like an onion,have thorns like a rose.With charcoal black petalsand vines that entangle,t'would grow under moonlightin mud, I suppose.
Evy Michaels|It's inevitable, sleep will find its ownerIt's inescapable, the owner will surrender to sleepIt's unalterable, she will find sleepIt's imminent, his heart will find its ownerAnd when all is said and doneThey'll be inseparable
Akutra-Ramses Atenosis Cea|Every year I collect a select amount of material possessions (baseball cards, coins, famous paraphernalia) to pass on to my children. In two or more generations they should have a small fortune of 'ancient' famous items.
Loni Anderson|We imagined that the mildness of our government and the wishes of the people were so correspondent that we were not as other nations, requiring brutal force to support the laws.
Victor Hugo, The Hunchback of Notre-Dame|So you're giving up? That's it? Okay, okay. We'll leave you alone, Quasimodo. We just thought, maybe you're made up of something much stronger.
Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason|It has been the practice of all Christian commentators on the Bible, and of all Christian priests and preachers, to impose the Bible on the world as a mass of truth, and as the word of God; they have disputed and wrangled, and have anathematized each other about the supposable meaning of particular parts and passages therein; one has said and insisted that such a passage meant such a thing, another that it meant directly the contrary, and a third, that it meant neither one nor the other, but something different from both; and this they have called understanding the Bible.It has happened, that all the answers that I have seen to the former part of 'The Age of Reason' have been written by priests: and these pious men, like their predecessors, contend and wrangle, and understand the Bible; each understands it differently, but each understands it best; and they have agreed in nothing but in telling their readers that Thomas Paine understands it not.
Walter Cronkite|The unique thing about our country is that we have Hindus, Muslims, Christians, Sikhs, Parsis, and people of all other religions. We have temples and mosques, gurdwaras and churches. But we do not bring all this into politics... This is the difference between India and Pakistan.
Robert Baden-Powell|Every relationship you have, you're learning and growing and taking something from that.
Ann Brashares|She loves the serene brutality of the ocean, loves the electric power she felt with each breath of wet, briny air.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|To find the right path, we first need to remember why we are on the wrong path. The reason can be put in one word: sin.
Diana Wynne Jones, Reflections: On the Magic of Writing|Write about only three things: what you love, what you hate, and what you’re deeply conflicted about.
Benny Lindelauf, Nine Open Arms|It's only that the answers in most stories are boring because they are supplied by the real world rather than, well, something better. Something more stimulating. Sit down with the Greeks and the Romans, and the boring answers get more interesting. Seasons because a girl and a crocus. Death because a girl and an apple. The moon because a girl keeps driving her daft chariot into the sea.It's all down to girls, one way or another.
Julia Morgan|I'm always going back to one thing - my family... It's my family, my religion, my fighters. Put them in any order you want.
Jaclyn Moriarty, The Cracks in the Kingdom|The world is made of more than particles. It's made of things you can't hold in your hand, like fear, love, loss, hope, truth.
Rob Liano|What's more, we had discovered that people have several times more potential for growth, when they invest energy in developing their strenghts instead of correcting their deficiencies.
Ellen Hopkins|A breeze blows up, touching my cheek like a little child's kiss. It flutters a piece of paper. "Trash, out there? Must belong to one of us." We move closer, and when I reached for it, I find...... a perfect paper airplane.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|You can re-design your life, learn a new skill, update your appearance, offer a new service, or even change your attitude.
Auliq-Ice|As long as poverty & hunger is prevalent in any continent or country, then the world at large is never safe.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If there is ever a magical beauty that can be watched hours with great admiration, and that is the beauty of a strong light falling from the everlasting skies into the heart of the dimness!
Laurie Penny, Unspeakable Things: Sex, Lies and Revolution|Public ‘career feminists’ have been more concerned with getting more women into ‘boardrooms’, when the problem is that there are altogether too many boardrooms, and none of them are on fire.
Dada Bhagwan|Everyone in this world perform their ‘duty’. But when one performs the ‘duty’ and he also intimidates [scolds] someone in the process, he will reincarnate in the animal life form. If he carries out his duties with understanding, he will return to the human life form. And if he performs them with humbleness, he will reincarnate into the celestial world.
Virginia Alison|He could not remember a time when she had not been in his life. Their first meeting seemed like an eternity away. 'Love at first sight' everyone said, and she often teased him about his inability to form coherent words when he gazed into her eyes, so profound was his love. They had never spent a day apart, and there had never been a day when he forgot to tell her how much she meant to him...Today was no exception...
Melina Marchetta, On the Jellicoe Road|I am haunted by the ghost of my father, I think that should allow me to quote Hamlet as much as I please.
Babette Rothschild|Did you hear me, Zach? I care about you.” “Okay,” I said. “It’s okay with me that you care about me. But can we please not talk about it? Would that be okay with you?” “Yeah, that would be okay,” he said.
Markelle Grabo, The Elf Girl|The last book I picked up had a picture of the Stranger on the front cover. Although his eyes were not nearly as beautiful in my dream state, they still took my breath away. I opened it up curiously and there was one word written in a large, bolded font: FATE.
Mav Skye, Behind the Black Door|And the wolf said, I’ll huff and I’ll puff and find your money, you shit-faced fucker…
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|God judges mankind by the standard of the only God-man who ever lived, Jesus Christ. Jesus, the innocent Lamb of God, stands between our sin and the judgment of God the Father.
Robert Duchnik, jQuery Plugin Development In 30 Minutes|jQuery is by far the most widely used library for JavaScript. It is used on more than 50% of websites. Many frameworks, such as Backbone and Twitter’s Bootstrap, are built on top of jQuery. Being able to extend and write plugins for jQuery can not only save lots of time, but also makes code much cleaner and easier to maintain.
Adelaide Crapsey|Sun and wind and beat of sea,Great lands stretching endlessly...Where be bonds to bind the free?All the world was made for me!
Barbara Kingsolver, The Poisonwood Bible|Listen. Slide the weight from your shoulders and move forward. You are afraid you might forget, but you never will. You will forgive and remember.
Washington Irving|The sorrow for the dead is the only sorrow from which we refuse to be divorced. Every other wound we seek to heal - every other affliction to forget; but this wound we consider it a duty to keep open - this affliction we cherish and brood over in solitude. Where is the mother who would willingly forget the infant that perished like a blossom from her arms, though every recollection is a pang? Where is the child that would willingly forget the most tender of parents, though to remember be but to lament? Who, even in the hour of agony, would forget the friend over whom he mourns? Who, even when the tomb is closing upon the remains of her he most loved, when he feels his heart, as it were, crushed in the closing of its portal, would accept of consolation that must be bought by forgetfulness? No, the love which survives the tomb is one of the noblest attributes of the soul. If it has its woes, it has likewise its delights; and when the overwhelming burst of grief is calmed into the gentle tear of recollection, when the sudden anguish and the convulsive agony over the present ruins of all that we most loved are softened away in pensive meditation on all that it was in the days of its loveliness - who would root out such a sorrow from the heart? Though it may sometimes throw a passing cloud over the bright hour of gaiety, or spread a deeper sadness over the hour of gloom, yet who would exchange it even for the song of pleasure, or the burst of revelry? No, there is a voice from the tomb sweeter than song. There is a remembrance of the dead to which we turn even from the charms of the living. Oh, the grave! The grave! It buries every error - covers every defect - extinguishes every resentment! From its peaceful bosom spring none but fond regrets and tender recollections.
S. Elizabeth Dover|But I assure you, a government that is willing to put their own children in danger, their own future, just to see their potential, is twisted. We do not grab babies, newborns, and throw them out of windows just to see if they sprout wings.
James Felici, The Complete Manual of Typography|Tell someone to do something, and you change their life–for a day; tell someone a story and you change their life.
Peggy Kopman-Owens, The Clue - L' Indice|In Paris, everything was fixable for the right price.
Phyllis McGinley|That's been hard being away from the family, because Washington can be lonely. When you tune out of all the activity, that's like, you're alone.
Terry Pratchett, Going Postal|I want to be the guy in a movie who's, I don't know, out walking his rabbit on a leash (I don't have a rabbit) and knows exactly how to strike up a quirky, compelling conversation. Though maybe if you're walking a rabbit on a leash, you don't even have to speak; the rabbit does the work for you. Not that Zuzana seems like the rabbity type. Maybe if I were walking a fox on a leash. Or a hyena. Yeah, if I had a hyena, I'd probably never have to start a conversation again.Except for, "Sorry my hyena ate your leg.
Taylor Rhodes, calloused: a field journal|holy, holy, holy dawn. my hips rocking into your face. the edge inviting. your name like dry wine on my tongue. your name branded into my inner thigh.
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni, The Palace of Illusions|For men, the softer emotions are always intertwined with power and pride. That was why Karna waited for me to plead with him though he could have stopped my suffering with a single world. That was why he turned on me when I refused to ask for his pity. That was why he incited Dussasan to an action that was against the code of honor by which he lived his life. He knew he would regret it—in his fierce smile there had already been a glint of pain.But was a woman's heart any purer, in the end?That was the final truth I learned. All this time I'd thought myself better than my father, better than all those men who inflicted harm on a thousand innocents in order to punish the one man who had wronged them. I'd thought myself above the cravings that drove him. But I, too, was tainted with them, vengeance encoded into my blood. When the moment came I couldn't resist it, no more than a dog can resist chewing a bone that, splintering, makes his mouth bleed.Already I was storing these lessons inside me. I would use them over the long years of exile to gain what I wanted, no matter what its price.But Krishna, the slippery one, the one who had offered me a different solace, Krishna with his disappointed eyes—what was the lesson he'd tried to teach?
Orison Swett Marden|Everything that slows us down and forces patience, everything that sets us back into the slow circles of nature, is a help. Gardening is an instrument of grace.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|When you have paid the price, earned the right, and done the homework to be called an expert, people perceive you differently.
Christopher McDougall|Kim was, as always, utterly happy while running, in accord with nature, in harmony with the universe, in touch with the truth that was in him, full of love for all creatures even to the lowliest insect.
Jamie McGuire, Beautiful Disaster|I thought I was going to sweat five years before I'd feel like this.""I wanted it as much as you did. I've just got a hell of a poker face" I smiled, pressing my lips against his.
Carla Kelly, The Wedding Journey|The city gate opened when she and Harper reached the causeway. Her mind barely registered the new walls and the number of soldiers lining the ramparts who were cheering them. Oh, don’t, she wanted to tell them. We have lost so much.
Arthur Stanley Eddington, Science And The Unseen World|We have learnt that the exploration of the external world by the methods of physical science leads not to a concrete reality but to a shadow world of symbols, beneath which those methods are unadapted for penetrating. Feeling that there must be more behind, we return to our starting point in human consciousness - the one centre where more might become known. There we find other stirrings, other revelations than those conditioned by the world of symbols... Physics most strongly insists that its methods do not penetrate behind the symbolism. Surely then that mental and spiritual nature of ourselves, known in our minds by an intimate contact transcending the methods of physics, supplies just that... which science is admittedly unable to give.
Jefferson Bethke, Jesus > Religion: Why He Is So Much Better Than Trying Harder, Doing More, and Being Good Enough|Otherwise the silence in the room was profound, the silence of places Brian had not yet been: gazing at the lifeless body of a beloved, the echo of a lost illusion, the tinnitus of betrayal.
Cormac McCarthy, The Crossing|In a world filled with flaky people, those that honor commitments and do what they say STAND-OUT. Integrity is currency.
Baron Manfred von Richthofen|Shake it off little girl, dry your tears, suck it up and face your fears.
Nenia Campbell, Cloak and Dagger|Listen kid, it’s just you and me now, so let’s help each other out. Always be honest with me, and show me how to be the mother and father I never had. I’ll make a mess of things sometimes, and I’m sorry in advance, but I’ll try. My word is bond.
Lara Pulver|The weaker the country, the stronger the smile.
Peter A. Lorge, The Asian Military Revolution: From Gunpowder to the Bomb|Guns neither initiated nor enabled larger changes. Economic, political, and social development preceded and laid the foundation for the invention and use of the gun, not the other way around.
Maggie Stiefvater, Forever|If you lovesomeone, tell them.
Diet Eman, Things We Couldn't Say|They thought we were stupid to do it, (hide Jews) of course; in fact, it was beyond their comprehension that we would risk so much for Jews.
|Count your blessings as often as possible, and you would become very enthusiastic about transforming your struggles into blessings instead of crying or complaining about them.
Mortimer Adler|When love is at its best, one loves so much that he cannot forget.
Mensah Oteh|Invest time, energy, and money into increasing your knowledge and wisdom so you can become the best you can be – it’s the best investment you could make.
Aaron Spelling|I pray they will carry on in spite of that dreadful monster prejudice, and with patience, courage, fortitude and perseverance achieve success for themselves.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|We must repent while the chance exists, to confess our sins.
Tim Relf, Stag|You don't ever know what anyone's really like,' I said'Cause you do.''How?''They tell you; you tell them.''That's assuming you're honest. What if you lie?''Why would you want to lie?
Joe Matlock|When a self-evident truth is presented, don't be surprised when self-centeredness fights back...
Charles M. Schulz|This is my depressed stance. When you're depressed, it makes a lot of difference how you stand. The worst thing you can do is straighten up and hold your head high because then you'll start to feel better. If you're going to get any joy out of being depressed, you've got to stand like this.
Pranab Mukherjee|Dr. King challenged our country to fulfill the promises of liberty, equality, and justice prescribed in the founding of our great nation. Leading by example, he stressed the teachings of tolerance, service, and love, regardless of race, color, or creed.
Charles Linden, The Linden Method: The Anxiety and Panic Attacks Elimination Solution|Peace is a fruit of the Spirit, not the byproduct of accumulated wealth.
Rob Bell|Freedom is not having everything we crave, it's being able to go without the things we crave and being OK with it. 
John Green, Paper Towns|Nothing ever happens like you imagine it will," she says.The sky is like a monochromatic contemporary painting, drawing me in with its illusion of depth, pulling me up. "Yeah, that's true," I say. But then after I think about it for a second, I add, "But then again, if you don't imagine, nothing ever happens at all.
Zack Love, Stories and Scripts: an Anthology|When you reached the point of losing your reasoning, that's called falling in love. Actually, those who have lost their reasoning chase blindly without thinking about the risks. They run and run like confused wild pigs. That's why, most of the time, they end up getting hurt. -- Sagan
Alan Cumming|It’s the butterflies in our bellies, and the lightening in our eyes that tells me this all makes so much fucking sense.
Kayla Severson, Nature's 1st Gem Is Green|When I was a child, I understood the things of my childhood. Now that I have grown into a man, I understand less of the world than I did as a lad.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|Some people don't understand the promises they're making when they make them," I said."Right, of course. But you keep the promise anyway. That's what love is. Love is keeping the promise anyway.
William Goldman|I’m going to tell you something once and then whether you die is strictly up to you," Westley said, lying pleasantly on the bed. "What I’m going to tell you is this: drop your sword, and if you do, then I will leave with this baggage here"—he glanced at Buttercup—"and you will be tied up but not fatally, and will be free to go about your business. And if you choose to fight, well, then, we will not both leave alive."You are only alive now because you said 'to the pain.' I want that phrase explained."My pleasure. To the pain means this: if we duel and you win, death for me. If we duel and I win, life for you. But life on my terms. The first thing you lose will be your feet. Below the ankle. You will have stumps available to use within six months. Then your hands, at the wrists. They heal somewhat quicker. Five months is a fair average. Next your nose. No smell of dawn for you. Followed by your tongue. Deeply cut away. Not even a stump left. And then your left eye—"And then my right eye, and then my ears, and shall we get on with it?" the Prince said.Wrong!" Westley’s voice rang across the room. "Your ears you keep, so that every shriek of every child shall be yours to cherish—every babe that weeps in fear at your approach, every woman that cries 'Dear God, what is that thing?' will reverberate forever with your perfect ears. That is what 'to the pain' means. It means that I leave you in anguish, in humiliation, in freakish misery until you can stand it no more; so there you have it, pig, there you know, you miserable vomitous mass, and I say this now, and live or die, it’s up to you: Drop your sword!"The sword crashed to the floor.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|He stood breathing, and the more he breathed the land in, the more he was filled up with all the details of the land. He was not empty. There was more than enough here to fill him. There would always be more than enough.
Atle Jarnæs Lerøy|When you can't turn back, just keep on going!
Kirsten Ashley|He used to annoy me with sophistry that we all chose our destiny. Then one day I told him that that’s great when fate offers you a nice set of destinies to choose from, but when you find yourself choosing between risking being raped, tortured and killed, or moving to another country to live like an alien without tongue, money or understanding, you are buggered either way. And that’s not even to mention how easily he could navigate through the mine filed of his mistakes...
Augustine of Hippo, Confessions|My soul is like a house, small for you to enter, but I pray you to enlarge it. It is in ruins, but I ask you to remake it. It contains much that you will not be pleased to see: this I know and do not hide. But who is to rid it of these things? There is no one but you.
David Friedman|If you want me to sing this Christmas song with the feeling and the meaning, you better see if you can locate that check.
Elle Kennedy, Midnight Games|He pressed a kiss on her shoulder, enjoying the way she shivered. "What is it?"	There was a long pause, then a wobbly breath. "Why can't I resist you?"	"Because you don't want to."	Before she could reply, he spun her around and kissed her again.
Steve Harvey, Act Like a Lady, Think Like a Man: What Men Really Think About Love, Relationships, Intimacy, and Commitment|We men are very simple people: if we like what we see, we’re coming over there. If we don’t want anything from you, we’re not coming over there. Period. Please highlight this part right here so you can always remind yourself the next time a man steps to you: a man always wants something. Always. And when it comes to women, that plan is always to find out two things: (1) if you’re willing to sleep with him, and (2) if you are, how much it will cost to get you to sleep with him.
Peter Morgan, Frost/Nixon|Jim Reston: And of course when that moment came--no words came to my mouth, and I shook his hand. Because if you've spent that long hating a man--in the end--a kind of relationship develops. An intimacy. Biographer and subject. Assassin and target.
Merrie Haskell, The Castle Behind Thorns|The way ran zigzag through a forest of pine which the bitter wind, still that morning, had turned to ice; every bough was adorned with lines of stalactite which shivered and glittered in the morning sun; every needle had a brilliant, vitreous case and when she flicked her whip at a wayside shrub she brought down a tinkling shower of ice-leaves, each the veined impression of its crisp, green counterpart.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Prayer, Holy communication with God
Molly Harper, Nice Girls Don't Have Fangs|My grandma Ruthie, Jettie's sister, had been married four times, so many times I started calling every old man I saw at the grocery store Grandpa.
Christopher Moore, Lamb: The Gospel According to Biff, Christ's Childhood Pal|Joshua's ministry was three years of preaching, sometimes three times a day, and although there were some high and low points, I could never remember the sermons word for word, but here's the gist of almost every sermon I ever heard Joshua give.You should be nice to people, even creeps.And if you:a) believed that Joshua was the Son of God (and)b) he had come to save you from sin (and)c) acknowledged the Holy Spirit within you (became as a little child, he would say) (and)d) didn't blaspheme the Holy Ghost (see c)then you would:e) live foreverf) someplace niceg) probably heavanHowever, if you:h) sinned (and/or)i) were a hypocrite (and/or)j) valued things over people (and)k) didn't do a, b, c, and d,then you were:l) fucked
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You are a great light, brighten the world.
Stephenie Meyer, Eclipse|I've never felt normal, because I'm not normal, and I don't wanna be. I've had to face death and loss and pain in your world, but I've also never felt stronger, like more real, more myself, because it's my world too. It's where I belong.
Shana Chartier|Even on the silent days, believe your ship will come.
Kamil Ali, Profound Vers-A-Tales|A circle is the only geometric shape defined by its centre. No chicken and egg about it, the centre came first, the circumference follows. The earth, by definition, has a centre. And only the fool that knows it can go wherever he pleases, knowing the centre will hold him down, stop him flying out of orbit. But when your sense of centre shifts, comes whizzing to the surface, the balance has gone. The balance has gone. The balance my baby has gone.
Gregory Maguire, Son of a Witch|He's an artist in London. We don't see him much."Tom gave him one of his quick, considering glances and asked, "Doesn't he live with you?""No," said Indigo, finally saying out loud what he had known now for a long, long time. "Not really. Not anymore.
Nancy Gideon, Masked by Moonlight|I don't know yet what we're called, or if we have a name. I know so little and need to learn so much. I'm many things, detective, and all of them love you.
Ellen J. Barrier|It is easy to smile in the face of a challenge, when we believe in ourselves that we won't back down.
Laurence Lafore, The End Of Glory: An Interpretation Of The Origins Of World War Ii|In political affairs illusions are usually the product of a failure to appreciate change; but such failure-usually a necessary and perhaps salutary part of human affairs-becomes, when the change is very fast, not a stabilizing conservatism but a form of deception resembling lunacy.
Epictetus, Discourses and Selected Writings|Freedom, you see, is having events go in accordance with our will, never contrary to it.
Thomm Quackenbush, Pagan Standard Times: Essays on the Craft|Magick need not be a crutch, but it is hard to argue that anything you lean on in lieu of building your own strength weakens resolve.
Kat Lahr, A Time Of Renewal|I don’t know about you, but I believe that in our present time we are definitely shaking things up with human fate in this world.
David Morrell, The Successful Novelist: A Lifetime of Lessons about Writing and Publishing|Don't give in to doubt. Never be discouraged if your first draft isn't what you thought it would be. Given skill and a story that compels you, muster your determination and make what's on the page closer to what you have in your mind. The chances are that you'll never make them identical. That's one reason I'm still hitting the keyboard. Obsessed by the secrets of my past, I try to put metaphorical versions of them on the page, but each time, no matter how honest and hard my effort, what's in my mind hasn't been fully expressed, compelling me to keep trying. To paraphrase a passage from John Barth's "Lost in the Funhouse," I'll die telling stories to myself in the dark. But there's never enough time. There was never enough time.
Michael Chabon, The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier & Clay|The magician seemed to promise that something torn to bits might be mended without a seam, that what had vanished might reappear, that a scattered handful of doves or dust might be reunited by a word, that a paper rose consumed by fire could be made to bloom from a pile of ash. But everyone knew that it was only an illusion. The true magic of this broken world lay in the ability of things it contained to vanish, to become so thoroughly lost, that they might never have existed in the first place.
Victoria Pendleton, Between the Lines: The Autobiography|Steve [sports psychiatrist] had already taught me to try and stop worrying so much about pleasing everyone. We knew that this was one of my most draining flaws and he again used three groups to clarify my thinking. There would always be some people, Steve said, who would care about me and love me. In contrast there would also be a select group of people who would never warm to me - no matter what I did. And in the middle came the overwhelming mass who were largely indifferent to any of my failures or triumphs. I needed to understand that most people didn't really care what I did or said. All my anguish about how they might perceive me was redundant. Steve helped me realize that I spent too much time trying to please those oblivious people in the middle or, more problematically, the small group who would never change their critical opinion of me. I should concentrate on the people who really did show concern for me.
Scott Spencer, Endless Love|Sylvia Plath is there for me when actual living people upon who I have depended upon my whole life, are not. What I mean to say is, without her words, I'd be exponentially more messed up than I am already.
Germaine Greer, The Female Eunuch|Abandonment of slavery is also the banishment of the chimera of security. The world will not change overnight, and liberation will not happen unless individual women agree to be outcasts, eccentrics, perverts, and whatever the powers-that-be choose to call them.
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|If all the world spoke, acted, or kept silence with intent to deceive, --if dearest interests were at stake, and dearest lives in peril, --if no one should ever know of her truth or her falsehood to measure out their honour or contempt for her by, straight alone where she stood, in the presence of God, she prayed that she might have strength to speak and act the truth for evermore.
Aravind Adiga, The White Tiger|Corruption is the abuse of power and position. Corrupts have bad habits and values. Become rigid and don't pay any bribe. If it is require to complain at the appropriate level, do that.
Dan Abnett, Horus Rising|I've seen things you people wouldn't believe. Attack ships on fire off the shoulder of Orion. I watched C-beams glitter in the dark near the Tannhäuser Gate. All those moments will be lost in time, like tears in rain. Time to die.
Assata Shakur, Assata: An Autobiography|I'm not quite sure what freedom is, but i know damn well what it ain't. How have we gotten so silly, i wonder.
Izey Victoria Odiase|Don’t focus on the action, focus on the mentality behind the action. Analyzing the mentality will help us differentiate between a one-time error and a long-term character flaw.
David Rockefeller|I don't mind where I work, it's really nice to be able to travel around and taste the flavours of different countries.
Ariel Levy, Female Chauvinist Pigs: Women and the Rise of Raunch Culture|Why is this the "new feminism" and not what it looks like: the old objectification?
Samanthe Beck, Compromising Her Position|Did you get a secret thrill out of sitting across from me, eating a civilized dinner while pretending not to know you were teasing my cock?" Rate St. Sebastian
Cassandra    King, The Same Sweet Girls' Guide to Life: Advice from a Failed Southern Belle|You've got the fountain of youth hidden in your pants.""What the fuck does that even mean?" Hook demanded, then held up a hand. "Never mind, I don't want to know.""Means fucking keeps you young.
Mark Alberto Yoder Nunez, The Spider Lady and Other Short Stories and Poetry|All we must do is take small steps. Steps with the belief that someday, all those small steps will culminate into a giant leap, a fitting finale.
Chris Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door and open it, stop waiting around for someone to give it to you
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|I am no more annoyed when I think of the expression, than I should be annoyed by a man's opinion of a picture of mine, who had no eye for pictures; or of a piece of music of mine, who had no ear for music.
Charles R. Cross, Heavier Than Heaven: A Biography of Kurt Cobain|He had the desperation, not the courage, to be himself. Once you do that, you can’t go wrong, because you can’t make any mistakes when people love you for being yourself. But for Kurt, it didn’t matter that other people loved him; he simply didn’t love himself enough.
Nezahualcóyotl|This is God's universe and he is the master gardener of all. If we were to eliminate all colors in his garden, then what would be a rainbow with only one color? Or a garden with only one kind of flower? Why would the Creator create a vast assortment of plants, ethnicities, and animals, if only one beast or seed is to dominate all of existence?
Sukant Ratnakar, Open The Windows: To the World around You|If our thoughts can change our actions, reverse is also possible. Our Actions can Change Our Thoughts!
William Blake, William Blake|excuse my enthusiasm or rather madness, for I am really drunk with intellectual vision whenever I take a pencil or graver into my hand.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Some people will follow their minds without listening to their hearts, and others will follow their hearts without listening to their minds. This is why reason exists, for there to be balance between the heart and mind. We were not meant to follow the mind and ignore the heart. Instead, we were meant to follow the heart over the mind, but without completely abandoning logic. The middle way is the preferred way, and this path simply means to allow your heart to drive you, but do not forget to balance reason with your conscience.
Sebastian Barry, The Secret Scripture|The human animal began as a mere wriggling thing in the ancient seas, struggling out onto land with many regrets. That is what brings us so full of longing to the sea.
Flora Thompson, Lark Rise to Candleford|The old always think the world is getting worse; it is for the young, equipped with historical facts, to point out that, compared with 1509, or even 1939, life in 2009 is sweet as honey.
Airicka Phoenix, Octavian's Undoing|Books have great value, actions have greater value.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close|I read about an Eskimo hunter who asked the local missionary priest, ‘If I did not know about God and sin, would I go to hell?’ ‘No,’ said the priest, ‘not if you did not know.’ ‘Then why,’ asked the Eskimo earnestly, ‘did you tell me?
Debasish Mridha|She had a beautiful face, a beautiful body, but also a distance in her such as he had never met a woman.
Nicholas Sparks, Message in a Bottle|There are winds of destiny that blow when we least expect them. Sometimes they gust with the fury of a hurricane, sometimes they barely fan one’s cheek. But the winds cannot be denied, bringing as they often do a future that is impossible to ignore.
Charles-Augustin Sainte-Beuve|You do have a tendency to severe spinal cords.""Only for you.
Simon Zingerman, We All Need Heroes: Stories of the Brave and Foolish|Using your talent, hobby or profession in a way that makes you contribute with something good to this world is truly the way to go.
Paul Harris|There is but one kind of love; God is love, and all his creatures derive theirs from his; only it is modified by the different degrees of intelligence in different beings and creatures.
Lujan Matus, Whisperings of the Dragon; Shamanic techniques to awaken your Primal Power|Be within your heart.See and feel with your heart.Recognize your heart within another.Speak words from the heart.Receive the words of another,within those precious chambers.
Roger Ver|I have sometimes thought the power of computers had exceeded our ability to use them, but Mr. Jobs and his team kept giving us devices that made indispensable things easier in ways you never thought of.
Molly Ivins|Casseroles don't have to be about canned ingredients and vegetables you normally wouldn't even think of eating alone, much less stuck in between layers of sauce and breadcrumbs. They can vary from everyone's favorite all-time casserole, macaroni and cheese, to the ultimate English casserole, Shepherd's Pie.
William Feather|When it comes to luck, you make your own.
Bilal Tanweer, The Scatter Here is too Great|Now, standing here, it is clear as day: more than anything else, you want to find words for what you feel and think and everything that is dark. And then this terrifying thought hits you: Yes, your father wrote poetry to find a language for his wounds. Yes, you in your own way have become your father.
Richard Rhodes, The Making of the Atomic Bomb|[Chemist Michael] Polanyi found one other necessary requirement for full initiation into science: Belief. If science has become the orthodoxy of the West, individuals are nevertheless still free to take it or leave it, in whole or in part; believers in astrology, Marxism and virgin birth abound. But "no one can become a scientist unless he presumes that the scientific doctrine and method are fundamentally sound and that their ultimate premises can be unquestionably accepted.
Auliq Ice|I actually think there are lots of good matches for each person, and they cross our paths all the time, but we’re so wedded to the idea of love at first sight that we can miss the really great people who don’t come with a thunderbolt attached.
Brennan Manning|Really, I'll go anywhere at any time to continue working in theater - it's a passion that I'm thankful I still have. It keeps me creative and on my toes and meeting great people. I can't imagine a better way of working than on a play.
Hubert Martin|His eyes are covered by impermeable marble, a solidity that can never be breached. You think there is gold and warmth behind the facade of cold, but if only you could see your reflection in the marble. You would see how you burn, how brightly you glow, enough to incinerate anyone else whole.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|Love is patient. Love is kind. It does not eny anyone or anything. Love never boasts and it's never proud. Love is not rude, it's not self serving, self absorbed or conceited. Love is no t easily provoked to anger. It doesn't hold grudges nor does it keep records of who was right and who was wrong. Love does not consult with evil instead it rejoices in the truth. Love always protects. Love always trust. Love always hopes. Love always perseveres. And love never fails.
Dalai Lama XIV|Every day, think as you wake up, today I am fortunate to be alive, I have a precious human life, I am not going to waste it. I am going to use all my energies to develop myself, to expand my heart out to others; to achieve enlightenment for the benefit of all beings. I am going to have kind thoughts towards others, I am not going to get angry or think badly about others. I am going to benefit others as much as I can.
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|What I'm saying... I hate it when people let me down, when things are temporary.
Katherine Lampe, The Unquiet Grave|In periods when shallow speculation is rife, one might think that metaphysics would shine forth, at least, by the brilliance of its modest reserve. But the very age that is unaware of the majesty of metaphysics, likewise overlooks its poverty. Its majesty? It is wisdom. Its poverty? It is human science.
Kreator|...with a strong strong glow of courage, drank off the potion.
Jason Versey|A dove will never nest in a burning tree, nor will love ever reside in unforgiving heart.
John Ruskin|It's unwise to pay too much, but it's worse to pay too little. Whenyou pay too much, you lose a little money - that's all. When you paytoo little, you sometimes lose everything, because the thing youbought was incapable of doing the thing it was bought to do. Thecommon law of business balance prohibits paying a little and getting alot - it can't be done. If you deal with the lowest bidder, it is wellto add something for the risk you run, and if you do that you willhave enough to pay for something better.
Francis of Assisi|God will never direct us to be prideful, arrogant and unforgiving, immoral or slothful or full of fear. We step into these things because we are insensitive to the leadership of the Holy Spirit within us.
Heshan Udunuwara|It's easier to make up storiesthan it is to write them down. When I speak, the words come pouring out of me. The storywakes up and walks all over the room. Sits in a chair, crosses one leg over the other, says, Let me introduce myself. Then just starts going on and on.
Ann Aguirre, Grimspace|I’m not a woman you bring home to Mother, pick out china patterns with, or Mary forefend, breed. I’ve seen a chunk of the universe, true, but there’s still so much more to see. I doubt I’ll ever cure this wanderlust, and I’m content with dedicating my life to failing to sate it... He’s never going to sit at my feet and write me poems, which is good because I hate poetry, except dirty ones that rhyme.
Friedrich Nietzsche, The Anti Christ|This eternal accusation against Christianity I shall write upon all walls, wherever walls are to be found--I have letters that even the blind will be able to see. . . . I call Christianity the one great curse, the one great intrinsic depravity, the one great instinct of revenge, for which no means are venomous enough, or secret, subterranean and small enough,--I call it the one immortal blemish upon the human race...
Ajahn Chah|I have found that we need to maintain relationships with all spheres of society: the local community, politicians from all parties, business leaders, artists, and farmers....We don't favor one kind of person over another, or one political party over another...My goal is for them to use the method and concept of Chan practice to benefit their work and their organizations....That is our duty.
Deyth Banger|(The Purge),... A lot of movies say that the silence is a deadly weapon yeah.... it's true!You, never know from where somebody is going to came out and how is going to came out.
Lailah Gifty Akita|May we continue to workship God, with wholehearted devotion.
Keith Urban|No persons professing to be Christians should enter the marriage relation until the matter has been carefully and prayerfully considered from an elevated standpoint, to see if God can be glorified by the union.
John Ciardi, The Monster Den: or Look What Happened at My House — and to It|What and how much had I lost by trying to do only what was expected of me instead of what I myself had wished to do? What a waste, what a senseless waste! But what of those things which you actually didn't like, not because you were not supposed to like them, not because to dislike them was considered a mark of refinement and education - but because you actually found them distasteful? The very idea annoyed me. How could you know? It involved a problem of choice. I would have to weigh many things carefully before deciding and there would be some things that would cause quite a bit of trouble, simply because I had never formed a personal attitude toward so much. I had accepted the accepted attitudes and it had made life seem simple ...
Michael Bassey Johnson|Life can get tough, but it's never impossible with a good attitude to your latitude.
Gena Showalter, The Darkest Night|You are mine, woman, and I am yours. Until you, my life was desolate. I existed, but I didn't truly live. Now I live, even in my death.
Jefferson Bethke, Jesus > Religion: Why He Is So Much Better Than Trying Harder, Doing More, and Being Good Enough|The biggest difference between between religious people and gospel-loving people is that religious people see certain people as the enemies, when Jesus-followers see sin as the enemy.
Kristen Stewart|If yesterday was a good day's work, chances are you'll stay on a roll. And if you can stay on a roll, everything else will probably take care of itself - including not working from the moment you get up in the morning until you nod off to sleep.
K.N. Smith, The Urban Boys: Discovery of the Five Senses|Upon reaching the preserve, everyone knew that the explanation of this incident was dreadfully imminent. With parents already on edge, the looming task of crafting a story out of thin air was one that was not only sickening, but would place a larger wedge between father and son.
Kate Mullane Robertson|i have a body and I am grateful, as I find it to be a very useful instrument for expressing love, strength, flexibility, gracebut, I am not my body...
Derek Landy|What is a life?" Scapegrace continued. "Is life merely living? Is it having a heartbeat? Or is life the effect you have on others? Is it the effect you have on the world around you? If so, what have I done with mine? How have I wasted it?
Lisa Kessler, Harvest Moon|He ran his fingers along the edge of my jaw. “You’re my north star, Kilani. Being near you makes my heart, my soul, and my wolf whole for the first time in my life.
Rajasaraswathii, Success-Talks : For Evolution of Your Success|Authors don't have wings. We must climb the mountain, not try to fly to its top.
Ella J. Fraser, wwwEB OF LIES|Introducing a great artist, Alexander Wainwright in THe Fate of Pryde.In his landscapes, Alex expresses the totality of everything in the universe. At the same time, within each leaf, each drop of water or human hair, he conveys a light or glow, which seems to come—how shall I put this—from another dimension. And each brushstroke contains every ounce of his own life and vitality.From The Fate of Pryde, the second in The Trilogy of Remembrance. Enter the giveaway to win one of ten personalized, autographed copies of this novel starting July 31st to August 31st. You can sample the first fifty pages of it at my page.
Jalal Talabani|The world's problem is not too many people, but lack of political and economic freedom.
Steven Magee|According to research, people who live with animals have decreased anxiety and lower blood pressure. They have lower cholesterol. They are more relaxed and less stressed and are, overall, in better health. Unless of course you have a dog who pees uncontrollably wherever it wishes or eats your furniture to shreds.
Lailah Gfty Akita|None of our achievement matters, than how we have lived our lives.
Nick Nolte|It would be a sad day if we British stopped being cynical, but you sometimes wonder whether we overdo it.
Mark Feuerstein|California must be all American or all Chinese. We are resolved that it shall be American, and are prepared to make it so. May we not rely upon your sympathy and assistance?
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Human life--that appeared to him the one thing worth investigating. Compared to it there was nothing else of any value. It was true that as one watched life in its curious crucible of pain and pleasure, one could not wear over one's face a mask of glass, nor keep the sulphurous fumes from troubling the brain and making the imagination turbid with monstrous fancies and misshapen dreams.
Friedrich Nietzsche, The Will to Power|Virtue is under certain circumstances merely an honorable form of stupidity: who could be ill-disposed toward it on that account? And this kind of virtue has not been outlived even today. A kind of sturdy peasant simplicity, which, however, is possible in all classes and can be encountered only with respect and a smile, believes even today that everything is in good hands, namely in the "hands of God"; and when it maintains this proportion with the same modest certainty as it would that two and two make four, we others certainly refrain from contradicting. Why disturb THIS pure foolishness? Why darken it with our worries about man, people, goal, future? And even if we wanted to do it, we could not. They project their own honorable stupidity and goodness into the heart of things (the old God, deus myops, still lives among them!); we others — we read something else into the heart of things: our own enigmatic nature, our contradictions, our deeper, more painful, more mistrustful wisdom.
Marguerite Yourcenar, Memoirs of Hadrian|It is not by blood, anyhow, that man's true continuity is established: Alexander's direct heir is Caesar, and not the frail infant born of a Persian princess in an Asiatic citadel; Epaminondas, dying without issue, was right to boast that he had Victories for daughters.
Alan Paton, Too Late the Phalarope|But to whom can one appeal when one does not even know where to find the judge? How can one ever hope to prove one's innocence when there is no means of knowing of what one has been accused? No, there's no justice for people like us in the world: all that we can do is to suffer as bravely as possible and put our oppressors to shame.
Gore Vidal|He was harassed, but still he spoke with authority. He was, in fact, characteristic of the best type of dominant male in the world at this time. He was fifty-five years old, tough, shrewd, unburdened by the complicated ethical ambiguities which puzzle intellectuals, and had long ago decided that the world was a mean son-of-a-bitch in which only the most cunning and ruthless can survive. He was also as kind as was possible for one holding that ultra-Darwinian philosophy; and he genuinely loved children and dogs, unless they were on the site of something that had to be bombed in the National Interest. He still retained some sense of humor, despite the burdens of his almost godly office, and, although he had been impotent with his wife for nearly ten years now, he generally achieved orgasm in the mouth of a skilled prostitute within 1.5 minutes. He took amphetamine pep pills to keep going on his grueling twenty-hour day, with the result that his vision of the world was somewhat skewed in a paranoid direction, and he took tranquilizers to keep from worrying too much, with the result that his detachment sometimes bordered on the schizophrenic; but most of the time his innate shrewdness gave him a fingernail grip on reality.
Yevgeny Zamyatin, We|knowledge, absolutely sure of its infallibility, is faith
L.P. Hartley, The Go-Between|..the past kept pricking at me and I knew that all the elements of those nineteen days in July were astir within me, like phlegm in an attack of bronchitis, waiting to come up. I had kep them buried all these years, but they were there, I knew, the more complete, the more unforgotten, for being carefully embalmed. Never, never had they seen the light of day; the slightest stirring had been stifled with a scattering of earth.My secret- the explanation of me- lay there. I take myself much too seriously, of course. What does it matter to anyone what I was like, then or now? But every man is important to himself at one time or another; my problem had been to reduce the importance, and spread it out as thinly as I could over half a century. Thanks to my interment policy I had come to terms with life, I had made a working -working was the word - arrangement with it, on the one condition that there should be no exhumation. Was it true, what I sometimes told myself, that my best energies had been given to the undertaker's art? If it was, what did it matter? Should have I acquitted myself better, with the knowledge I had now? I doubted it; knowledge may be power, but it is not resilience, or resourcefulness, or adaptability to life, still less is it instinctive sympathy with human nature; and those where qualities I possessed in 1900 in far greater measure that I possess them in 1952.Prologue, page 16
Elizabeth Strout, Olive Kitteridge|It is strange the way that someone who wants to find you guilty can start to make you believe in your own guilt, even when you know you are innocent. I was afraid I would condemn myself my mistake.
Donna Grant, Night's Awakening|Guy's only thought was to help her. It wasn't until he'd shoved aside the curtain and held her very wet, very naked body against him that he realized what he'd done.Her sage green eyes were wide as she stared at him. For long moments, they simply looked at each other."I heard you cry out.""My... my ankle," she said after clearing her throat. "I put too much pressure on it.""A bath would have been better." He was valiantly trying to keep his gaze on her face, but it was difficult with her pert breasts against him and her bare ass beneath his hand as he held her up."Probably," she whispered.
Beth M Jones|We all want to feel like the most beautiful woman in the room, to be chosen and loved forever. The Cinderella story gives us hope of our impossible dreams becoming true.
Stacey Jay, Juliet Immortal|But it was not the note that counted so much as the writing of it.Just because it wouldn’t last forever out there didn’t mean it hadn’texisted. that’s why I was there. I was there for a moment. Andbecause of a string of beautiful moments spent at that very sameplace, moments I would keep inside me wherever I went.
Charlie Hunter|A lot of these things will fly in later forms on the space station themselves, or a later form of that research will, once they kind of find out some of the basics from flying it on shuttle.
Chris Kyle|People are so busy dreaming the American Dream, fantasizing about what they could be or have a right to be, that they're all asleep at the switch. Consequently we are living in the Age of Human Error.
Wangari Maathai|Finally I was able to see that if I had a contribution I wanted to make, I must do it, despite what others said. That I was OK the way I was. That it was all right to be strong.
Milo James Fowler, Captain Bartholomew Quasar: 13 Starfaring Tales|I was only going to stay six months. I stayed three years, and I never stopped thinking about leaving. But when I left, I left my entire life behind. I have to explain to you why I no longer live in New York, but first I have to explain to myself why I stayed so long.
Paul Arden, God Explained in a Taxi Ride|Religion is a light bulb, created by man to help him to see in the dark.
Michel de Montaigne, Les Essais|When I am attacked by gloomy thoughts, nothing helps me so much as running to my books. They quickly absorb me and banish the clouds from my mind.
Hill Harper|When our mothers are alive and healthy, they do extraordinary things... like the mothers of Plaza de Mayo, who marched in Argentinean plazas, defying the military junta dictatorship and demanding the whereabouts of their abducted children... or the Liberian mothers who faced down civil war armed only with T-shirts and courage.
Elizabeth Hoyt, Scandalous Desires|Silence fell between them, as tangible as the dark tree shadows that fell across their laps and that now seemed to rest upon them as heavily as though they possessed a measurable weight of their own.
Roxane Gay, Bad Feminist|Many comedians are very proud of themselves for saying the things others are supposedly afraid to say. They are at the forefront of this culture of entitlement where we get to do anything, think anything, and say anything.
T.A. Cline, Archomai|Truth stands out little in a field of truths. However, it is a ravaging lion, in a field of lies.
The Monster Pyro|And The Librarian Said "Earth Is Just A Fat Kid Being Kept Alive By Machines That Feed Him More Until It Explodes, I Recommend Temporary Starvation
Gina L. Maxwell, Seducing Cinderella|His touch was simple, but specific, meant to show me he could be like a lover, gentle, intimate, but also that he was a man unaccustomed to hearing the word no. Yes. I understood. He was a man, and I? I was nothing but a girl, not even a woman. I was meant to fall at his feet and worship at the altar of his masculinity, grateful that he’d deigned to acknowledge me. All this, from a simple touch.
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|When we love children, we acknowledge by our every action that they are not property, that they have rights - that we respect and uphold their rights.
Pitbull|I believe in Karma. If the good is sown, the good is collected. When positive things are made, that returns well.
Martin Rees|I read a book called 'The Tao of Physics' by Fritjof Capra that pointed out the parallels between quantum physics and eastern mysticism. I started to feel there was more to reality than conventional science allowed for and some interesting ideas that it hadn't got round to investigating, such as altered states of consciousness.
Kedar Patankar, Border Post 99: No Man's Land|Men grew up receiving from their mothers without giving anything in return, and they unconsciously expect the same from their women. Could this unintendedly taught and unknowingly learnt selfishness be responsible for break-ups and divorce? Give at least a promise to your woman and keep it.
Laura Anderson|He picked up the hairbrush and handed it to her. "What were you planning to do with that, comb me to death?
Lev Grossman|I'm a struggling writer, I'm struggling to convince people I'm a writer.
Aspen Matis|I knew with certainty now—I could say no, and he would stop. Above all, I felt the fierce beauty of the choice. I knew now what it was that had held me from falling into my desire to be with him fully: I first needed to make sure he was a man who would respect my 'No.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|Is your cucumber bitter? Throw it away. Are there briars in your path? Turn aside. That is enough. Do not go on to say, 'Why were things of this sort ever brought into the world?' The student of nature will only laugh at you; just as a carpenter or a shoemaker would laugh, if you found fault with the shavings and scraps from their work which you saw in the shop. Yet they, at least, have somewhere to throw their litter; whereas Nature has no such out-place. That is the miracle of her workmanship: that in spite of this self-limitation, she nevertheless transmutes into herself everything that seems worn-out or old or useless, and re-fashions it into new creations, so as never to need either fresh supplies from without, or a place to discard her refuse. Her own space, her own materials and her own skill are sufficient for her.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|I still don't get it" Coach Hedge muttered as they roamed the centre aisle. "They named a whole town after Leo's table?""I think the town was here first, Coach" Nico said.
Tamora Pierce, Briar's Book|Daja: "He and Rosethorn work together? They hate each other." Lark: "I didn't say they liked it.- Daja and Lark referring to Rosethorn and Crane's cooperation on finding the cures for new diseases
Peter Diamandis|I even get inspired by movies that aren't very good, because there's always something good in movies that are collectively thought of as a failure. There's good in everything, I find.
Charlene Costanzo, The Twelve Gifts of Birth|Bless you. Be careful. Anyone intending to meddle with words needs such blessing, such warning.
Latika Teotia|Never lose faith in God. Remember that He is always there by our side watching over us and steering us in the right direction. We are continuously evolving into better human beings and growing spiritually. It is during this process of evolution that we become confused, restless, depressed and even hostile because we are not aware of this change in us. We may even feel that God has forsaken us- which couldn’t be farther from the truth, because He will never leave you, no matter how difficult the times may be. It is this ignorance that is the cause of all our miseries and confusions; the realization comes only once we share our worries with someone knowledgeable who tells us about God and His mysterious ways of working. So never lose faith, always repose your trust in God.
Bill Murray|And when I was saying I want to become number one of the world and I was 7, 8 years old, most of the people were laughing to me. Because you know, it seemed like I have one percent chances to do that. And I've done it.
Marissa Meyer, Scarlet|She sighed, annoyed at her restlessness. “So,” she said, disrupting Wolf in another backward glance.“Who would win in a fight—you or a pack of wolves?”He frowned at her, all seriousness. “Depends,” he said, slowly, like he was trying to figure out her motive for asking. “How big is the pack?”“I don’t know, what’s normal? Six?”“I could win against six,” he said. “Any more than that and it could be a close call.”Scarlet smirked. “You’re not in danger of low self-esteem, at least.”“What do you mean?”“Nothing at all.” She kicked a stone from their path. “How about you and … a lion?”“A cat? Don’t insult me.”She laughed, the sound sharp and surprising. “How about a bear?”“Why, do you see one out there?”“Not yet, but I want to be prepared in case I have to rescue you.”The smile she’d been waiting for warmed his face, a glint of white teeth flashing. “I’m not sure. I’ve never had to fight a bear before.
The Summer Set|Pel-i-cans, their beaks hold more than their bellies can.
Geoffrey Wood|My hearts desired divine twins, My guardian angels,Jeremias-Jean Joachim AkitaLia-Lachelle Lisette Akita
Jane Green, Swapping Lives|Every time my dreams threaten to become reality, something always happens and I end up alone.
George Raft|Men and women want to do a good job, and if they are provided the proper environment, they will do so.
Wole Soyinka|In our society, the sound of men complaining is like nails on a chalkboard.
Esther Vilar, The Polygamous Sex|A man who wants to gain power over a woman must follow the example of women and condition his sex drive. If he succeeds in becoming as cold as she, she can no longer bait him with sex into the role of provider. At most she could offer herself as an equal sex partner, as dependent on him as he is on her. If men could abstain from sex at judicious intervals they might even succeed in normalizing the female sex drive - even make women desire them more than the other way around.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We are going through a sexual tempest, a bombardment provided by unprecedented exploitation of cheap sex by moviemakers, theater owners, publishers, and producers of pornography. [There is more] openness of talk about sex, acceptance of public nudity . . . homosexuality. Sex revolution, no! But sex pollution? Yes!!
Michelle Hodkin, The Evolution of Mara Dyer|You can't hurt me the way you think you can. But even if you could? I would rather die with the taste of you on my tongue than live and never touch you again. I'm in love with you, Mara. I love you. No matter what you do.
Courtney Milan|When someone else's safety and acceptance in society is on the line, your personal discomfort comes in a very distant second.
Dr.T.V.Rao MD|Our worst can become our best if mistakes are gathered like twigs of a bird's nest, giving one true foundation, a spiritual home to build their life upon.
Henna Inam, Wired for Authenticity: Seven Practices to Inspire, Adapt, & Lead|Our being is more important than our doing. We are human beings, acting as though we are human doings. In our frenzied doing, we are often not conscious of our state of being. Yet our deepest impact comes from our state of being because it is at the root of our intentions, our choices, and our behavior.
Olivia Lynde, Summer's Desire|This drama had become her mess to deal with, and she had no idea where to even begin trying to mend all of the broken pieces back together. If mending them was even possible.
Jean de la Bruyere|He is the best sailor who can steer within fewest points of the wind, and exact a motive power out of the greatest obstacles.
Brandi Salazar, Faerie Tales: The Misfortune of a Teenage Socialite|I furrowed my brows at him. What was so amazing about a stick? I could pick one up outside on the way to the car. “Let me guess, you’re Harry Potter and this is the school of Hogwarts. If I say Lumos will it light up?
Joan London, The Golden Age|She limped, unaided around the house, like a bird with its wing broken. Tame, because it couldn’t fly away. All her time was taken up with managing herself, working out new ways to do things. Being a different person in the world.
Tracy Morgan|I deal with my sons like young men. If they have a problem with something, they come to me. I am the type of dad that will drop everything I am doing for them, and always tell them to talk to me about it.
Debasish Mridha|Beauty is not always in the face, but it is always in confidence.
Tony Dovale|High Performance Teams create cultures of caring, connection, commitment, collaboration and clear consistent communication
Tanya Masse|Water IS the most important element on the face of the earth, because without water, there would be no WINE and without WINE I would be living in a PADDED CELL!
Doughlas Adams|Life's a crapshoot, Sam. At least you filled the cheap seats.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|Any book that spreads weakness in the heart of one gender, and authoritarianism in the other, must be burnt to ashes.
Nancy Rose, Raise the Child You've Got—Not the One You Want|Just remember something, okay? And this is neither here nor there but it’s something I really want you to know. Not that I think you have much trouble with this, but let’s be clear: you don’t owe your parents anything if they don’t respect you. That’s bullshit, to be taught that just because they created you and made sure you didn’t roll over in your crib and die, you owe them anything. So what I’m saying is use him. Use him if you can, if he lets you. But then don’t think you ever have to look back if he doesn’t respect you.
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|The clocks were striking midnight and the rooms were very still as a figure glided quietly from bed to bed, smoothing a coverlid here, settling a pillow there, and pausing to look long and tenderly at each unconscious face, to kiss each with lips that mutely blessed, and to pray the fervent prayers which only mothers utter.
Katlego Semusa|Gratitude is the key to manifestation, for gratitude connects you directly to the source.
Seth Godin, Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?|If school is about postponing the day you have to stand up in front of the world and put yourself at risk, the resistance would like to stay there forever.
Brian    Williams|Only unconditional grace can transform a hardened heart into a grateful heart. Only a free gift can demolish any notion of quid pro quo. Only an utterly merciful act of love can fashion a new creation capable of love. As theologian Karl Barth puts it, 'As the beloved of God, we have no alternative but to love him in return.
Clare Vanderpool, Navigating Early|Eustasia Johannsen was ready. Anyone could see that. Everything about her ancient self gave evidence to it: Her skin, wrinkled and transparent... But mainly, it was her eyes. They were drawn into her face as if her memories occupied more of her sight than what was actually in front of her.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|What The Scriptures Refer To As Sin, In The Medical World It’s Responsible For Disease
Raphael Zernoff|The Universe is alive, conscious, and aware.
Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset: An Unconventional Guide to Healing and Happiness|Just like your body naturally responds positively to some foods, your mind naturally responds positively to some thoughts.
William Cowper|There is in souls a sympathy with sounds:And as the mind is pitch'd the ear is pleasedWith melting airs, or martial, brisk or grave;Some chord in unison with what we hearIs touch'd within us, and the heart replies.
Rick Riordan, The Sea of Monsters|I held out a lead figurine of Hades—the little Mythomagic statue Nico had abandoned when he fled camp last winter.Nico hesitated. "I don’t play that game anymore. It’s for kids.""It’s got four thousand attack power," I coaxed."Five thousand," Nico corrected. "But only if your opponent attacks first."I smiled. "Maybe it’s okay to still be a kid once in a while.
Ika Natassa, The Architecture of Love|Feel fee to be a usin' anythin' in the house, an' if there be anythin' thet ya be needin', make a list. I go to town most saturdays fer supplies, an' I can be a pickin' it up then. When ya feel more yerself like, ya might want to come along an' do yer own choosin'.
Lailah Gifty Akita|love is not a race 1st 2nd 3rd....Love Is Only LoVE ,It come From Inside and Love Is Being In us!!!!
Ranata Suzuki|In a way, it was the same as any normal break up. You took what was yours …. and I kept what I’d had from before we were together…You took my heart …. and I had nothing…
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|You’ve gotta love yourself enough to look INSIDE you & not BESIDE you for your joy, confidence, & self worth.
Giacomo Casanova|One misconception is that if we follow God in the life of faith, and that means obedience - that we read His Word, we're obedient, we pray, we go to church, we do the right things - that somehow His blessing means we're going to be okay.
Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|Just because you're sober, don't think you're a good driver, Cookie.
Gordon S. Wood, The Radicalism of the American Revolution|A man must make of his life a ladder that he never ceases to climb -- if you're not rising, you are slipping down the rungs, my friend.
Frederick Douglass|Language spread its warm, absurd rays over all my adolescent thoughts, and I felt the way we all long to feel: moody, lonely, lovesick and explosive with the prospects of tomorrow.
Eric Schneiderman|Our investigation has found that, unlike traditional fantasy sports, daily fantasy sports companies are engaged in illegal gambling under New York law, causing the same kinds of social and economic harms as other forms of illegal gambling and misleading New York consumers.
Pooja Ruprell|Prayer elevates and transforms you. Nourish your soul using this powerful communication tool every day, and you will never be the same again.
Saaif Alam|People with disabilities should not be considered as unadvataged because they can have high self esteem as others to fulfill their potential. People should be aware that a disability is something that some people can be born with and it is not a choice for them. Therefore, they should be treated with respect and should not be discriminated because this kind of behavior can socially isolate them from being part of the rest of their community.
Rebecca Raisin, The Little Antique Shop under the Eiffel Tower|I chose to remain single because I couldn't commit to one person. But it isn't easy. There are plenty of times when I wonder if I made a huge mistake with some of the men I've loved and let go. Maybe I would have enjoyed love, after the dizzying rapture faded, and was replaced with something more fulsome? Truer, deeper? But I never gave it a chance. And that might have been a huge mistake...
John Steinbeck|I've been asked a lot for my view on American health care. Well, 'it would be a good idea,' to quote Gandhi.
Tommy Caldwell|The pursuit of joy in God is not optional. It is not an “extra” that a person might grow into after he comes to faith. It is not simply a way to “enhance” your walk with the Lord. Until your heart has hit upon this pursuit, your “faith” cannot please God. It is not saving faith. Saving faith is the confidence that if you sell all you have and forsake all sinful pleasures, the hidden treasure of holy joy will satisfy your deepest desires. Saving faith is the heartfelt conviction not only that Christ is reliable, but also that He is desirable. It is the confidence that He will come through with His promises and that what He promises is more to be desired than all the world.
Annette Bening|My earliest memories as a kid was I would always try to make my mom and my stepdad laugh at dinner. Or make my friends laugh in class. And, I don't know, it's something I just really enjoy doing.
Ace Antonio Hall|I honor the past. I'm loyal to the future. But I fight with the present. Since NOW's where I belong, every battle's fought with urgency.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., The Sirens of Titan|Her face ... was a one-of-a-kind, a surprising variation on a familiar theme - a variation that made observers think, Yes - that would be another very nice way for people to look. What Beatrice had done with her face, actually, was what any plain girl could do. She overlaid it with dignity, suffering, intelligence, and a piquant dash of bitchiness.
Carl Schmitt, Political Theology: Four Chapters on the Concept of Sovereignty|All significant concepts of the modern theory of the state are secularized theological concepts not only because of their historical development - in which they were transferred from theology to the theory of the state, whereby, for example, the omnipotent god became the omnipotent lawgiver - but also because of their systematic structure, the recognition of which is necessary for a sociological consideration of these concepts. The exception in jurisprudence is analogous to the miracle in theology. Only by being aware of this analogy can we appreciate the manner in which the philosophical ideas of the state developed in the last centuries.
Kevin Dalton|Someday when we're older, we'll learn who to trust. But heroes and saviors, can't save folks like us.
Janet Frame|So we went to bed, assaulted by sleep that fumed at us from medicine glasses, or was wielded from small sweet-coated tablets -- dainty bricks of dream wrapped in the silk stockings of oblivion.
Buddy Valastro|Today's students can put dope in their veins or hope in their brains. If they can conceive it and believe it, they can achieve it. They must know it is not their aptitude but their attitude that will determine their altitude.
Ramana Pemmaraju|If you invest your time, talent, and resources, orphans around the world can have much happier and healthier lives.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|How could this be so, I wondered, as I read Mr. Underwood's editorial. Senseless killing--Tom had been given due process of law to the day of his death; he had been tried openly and convicted by twelve good men and true; my father had fought for him all the way. Then Mr. Underwood's meaning became clear: Atticus had used every tool available to free men to save Tom Robinson, but in the secret courts of men's hearts Atticus had no case. Tom was a dead man the minute Mayella Ewell opened her mouth and screamed.
Wennie Lin|Your life is your choice, so make it worthwhile
Carl Sagan, Contact|It has thick skin, and all the most important thinkers have become part of it.
Hugh Hefner|If there's one thing I'm good at, it's gathering people together to do something fun.
Alexander Pope|Genius creates, and taste preserves. Taste is the good sense of genius; without taste, genius is only sublime folly.
C.S. Lewis|When the voice of your friend or the page of your book sinks into democratic equality with the pattern of the wallpaper, the feel of your clothes, your memory of last night, and the noises from the road, you are falling asleep. The highly selective consciousness enjoyed by fully alert men, with all its builded sentiments and consecrated ideals, has as much to be called real as the drowsy chaos, and more.
Walter Isaacson, Steve Jobs|Just as our parents' souls revolted against God, their bodies revolted against their souls, to which they had been subject. And they realized 'that they were naked.
Truman Capote|For me, a paragraph in a novel is a bit like a line in a poem. It has its own shape, its own music, its own integrity.
Brynn Myers, The Life & Death of Jorja Graham|He leaned forward and kissed me like he did last night, no hesitation, just pure passion. I should've cared that we were in a room full of contractors but as I savored his lips, I didn't give a damn where we were.	"Are you hungry?"	"For dinner?" I grinned.	He exhaled a chuckle before he whispered in my ear. "Dinner first and then I'll have you for dessert.
Elisabeth Elliot, Shadow of the Almighty: The Life and Testament of Jim Elliot|In my limited realm of experience, beginnings led to endings.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, The Untapped Wonderer in You: Dare to Do the Undone|Thousands of geniuses live and die undiscovered — either by themselves or by others. But for the Civil War, Lincoln and Grant and Sherman and Sheridan would not have been discovered, nor have risen into notice.
Jeffrey Fry|You can buy a person’s time and work, but you cannot buy their enthusiasm, effort, and passion. Those are earned, and as such, given freely.
Nicholas Sparks, The Last Song|It hadn't been so long ago, yet sometimes she felt that she'd been an altogether different person back then.
Dorothy Dunnett, Checkmate|She upset Billy simply by being his mother. She made him feel embarrased and ungrateful and weak because she had gone to so much trouble to give him life, and to keep that life going, and Billy didn't really like life at all.
Kate Bolick, Spinster: Making a Life of One's Own|At first I thought it was simply that the specter of the crazy bag lady has been branded so simply into the collective female consciousness that we’re stuck with her. Now I realized I was wrong. What is haunting about the bag lady is not only that she is left to wander the streets, cold and hungry, but that she’s living proof of what it means to not be loved. Her apparition will endure as long as women consider the love of a man the most supreme of all social validations.
Frederick Douglass, My Bondage and My Freedom|The marriage institution cannot exist among slaves, and one sixth of the population of democratic America is denied it's privileges by the law of the land. What is to be thought of a nation boasting of its liberty, boasting of it's humanity, boasting of its Christianity, boasting of its love of justice and purity, and yet having within its own borders three millions of persons denied by law the right of marriage?
Akemi G, Why We Are Born: Remembering Our Purpose through the Akashic Records|There are many futures, not just one. Life is not like walking down the road and meeting the predetermined events.
Victor Robert Lee, Performance Anomalies|Moments never wait for anyone, slowly the new moment pushes the old moment back and then it never comes back. That's what makes them precious.
Hugh Mackay|I don't have ideas so much as there are things which constantly evolve... there are various threads or layers, if you like, which change.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|You must clear out what you don't want, to make room for what you do want to arrive.
Audre Lorde, Sister Outsider: Essays and Speeches|Ethan’s voice was choked. “I realize now, what my father felt. When I left home. He must have felt as if everything was ending. That everything he knew was finishing. I wasn't even aware of what he was going through, how it felt for him. I was so caught up in the excitement of moving out and having a job that would buy me a car. I was so eager to leave. His heart was breaking, and I totally missed it. I was completely unaware that his whole world was changing too. But for him it wasn't gaining, it was losing. He was losing part of himself. The part of his life that had focused on me and my mother for seventeen years was ending, and I never even noticed.”For a moment, Leo thought Ethan was about to ask him to stay. If he does, I will, Leo thought.Ethan took a deep breath. “But hard as it is. It can’t be stopped. Can’t be sidestepped. No matter how much we want to or how fearful the future looks, we can’t stay frozen in place. You can go forward or you can try to hold on. I've seen people that were afraid to let go, that never committed to their life. You can feel the desperate regret emanate from them. They know they missed something, but instead of jumping on the next train, they keep looking back for the one they missed.
Madeleine L'Engle, Many Waters|[Will Turner] "You didn't beat me. You ignored the rules of engagement."[Captain Jack Sparrow] "...that's not much incentive for me to fight fair then is it?
Jacqueline Novogratz|Just look at the track record of these giveaway programs," I protested. "Broken mills, lower production levels of rice after 20 years of work and money. This can't be right...the only way this will work for the farmers is if they own it themselves, if they can see their own lives getting better because of their efforts and ability to control their own futures and not have to wait around for the government.
César Aira, The Seamstress and the Wind|It’s good to want God to speak to you, but smarter to let God speak through you, because when God speaks through you, more than one can hear.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|All I know of heaven and all I know of death is in this park: an elegant universe in ceaseless motion, teeming with ruined ruins and screaming children.
Jack Deveny, Blind Triangle: A Rare Love Story from the Sixties|I realised, in all humility, that chosing to lead one kind of life means putting aside the desire to pursue other option.
Tara Fraser, Yoga For You|Yoga will always be transformational, even when it stops being cool. (350)
Jay Grewal, A Slave to Want|He broke me down past the flesh, past the muscle, past the bone, down to my soul and in a loud provocation, he asked, “What are you made of?”After I gathered the broken bits and pieces of my life together, I shouted at the top of my lungs, “HOPE! Unbreakable, undeniable, irrevocable hope!
Anthony Liccione|The rich eat life, the poor eat death; so what is the problem they ask?
Don Yaeger|I've been playing sports since I was five. For me, there's no happier moment than when I'm out in the woods on a bike or a run. I feel on top of the world, and nothing else makes me feel that way.
Debasish Mridha|Music expresses those thoughts and words, which have no form but have longing for love.
Peter J. Carroll, Psybermagick: Advanced Ideas in Chaos Magick|As belief in one's capabilities self-evidently leads to increasing capabilities, magicians consider it worthwhile to believe in their ability to accomplish the impossible, even if they only succeed at this occasionally.
Matshona Dhliwayo|O cousin Kate, my love was true,Your love was writ in sand:If he had fooled not me but you,If you had stood where i stand,He'd not have won me with his love,Nor bought me with his land;I would have spit into his faceAnd not have taken his hand.Yet I have a gift you have not got,And seem not like to get:For all your clothes and wedding-ringI've little doubt you fret.My fair-haired son, my shame, my pride,Cling closer, closer yet:Your father would give lands for oneto wear his coronet
Michael Barbarulo, God's Healing Hands, Volume II: 160 Ways to Find Peace Within Yourself|The whole hard work in achieving any goal is not in the means of achieving greater heights, but in the courage in fulfilling the simple yet daunting tasks.
Gaston Bachelard|He's seeing the actual Milky Way streaked across the sky. The whole of his entire galaxy, right there in front of him. Billions and billions of stars. Billions and billions of worlds. All of them, all of those seemingly endless possibilities, not fictional, but real, out there, existing, right now. There is so much more out there than just the world he knows, so much more than his tiny Washington town, so much more than even London. Or England. Or hell, for that matter.So much more that he'll never see. So much more that he'll never get to. So much that he can only glimpse enough of to know that it's forever beyond his reach.
W. Bruce Cameron|I want to see how far I can go and how good I can be, whether it's in the classroom or on the football field.
Jay Woodman, SPAN|I sink into it completely, letting everything else fall away so all that's left is this. A moment like a poem.
Kevin Plank|Every day we should hear at least one little song, read one good poem, see one exquisite picture, and, if possible, speak a few sensible words.
Virginia Woolf, Mrs Dalloway|They want me to contain the raging fires within me. They need me to appreciate glowing embers, to understand that even weak flames need to be managed with a lot of careful planning.
Debasish Mridha|You are spiritual, blessed, and god-like when you have realized that God and all humans are alike.
Janine di Giovanni|Many believe - and I believe - that I have been designated for this work by God. In spite of my old age, I do not want to give it up; I work out of love for God and I put all my hope in Him.
Joanne Crisner|In the middle of this journey, we lose a bit of ourselves. We do not know where we are or where we’re headed. We look for directions, seek for guidance, and if we’re lucky, we find it without too much time lost. And if we’re truly lucky, we gain our whole selves back, with an ounce of wisdom on top.
C.S. Lewis, A Grief Observed|If a mother is mourning not for what she has lost but for what her dead child has lost, it is a comfort to believe that the child has not lost the end for which it was created. And it is a comfort to believe that she herself, in losing her chief or only natural happiness, has not lost a greater thing, that she may still hope to "glorify God and enjoy Him forever." A comfort to the God-aimed, eternal spirit within her. But not to her motherhood. The specifically maternal happiness must be written off. Never, in any place or time, will she have her son on her knees, or bathe him, or tell him a story, or plan for his future, or see her grandchild.
Obehi Peter Ewanfoh, Still Owing Me Goodbye|If a man loses his money through unwise market speculation or by playing the horses, he has been punished in a manner which we may call passive. By this I mean that another person has not taken special, socially overt steps to harm the "offender." This phenomenon has not received the attention it deserves.
James Perrin, The Occasional Swearing Of Passionate Perrin|A sexual fantasy should only be something you cannot ever achieve. If it's achievable, then it's nothing more than a reality you avoid making happen for yourself
George Eliot, Adam Bede|You can either be god of certain areas of your life, or let Me be God of your whole life.
Carla H. Krueger, From the Horse’s Mouth|Don’t mock my suggestions, Ridley – one day in the near future, they might just save your life.” Maxwell D. Kalist.
Rick Julian|if you can't control yourself, you will be controlled by others—choose your master.
Anne Sexton, Transformations|Treating Abuse Today 3(4) pp. 26-33While Pamela Freyd was speaking to us on the record about her organization, another development was in the making in the Freyd family. Since Pamela and her husband, Peter Freyd, started the Foundation and its massive public relations effort in which they present as a "falsely accused" couple, their daughter, Jennifer Freyd, Ph.D., remained publicly silent regarding her parents' claims and the activities of the FMS Foundation. She only wished to preserve her privacy. But, as the Foundation's publicity efforts gained a national foothold, Dr. Jennifer Freyd decided that her continued anonymity amounted to complicity. She began to feel that her silence was beginning to have unwitting effects. She saw that she was giving the appearance of agreeing with her parents' public claims and decided she had to speak out.Jennifer Freyd, Ph.D., is a tenured Professor of Psychology at the University of Oregon. Along with George K. Ganaway, M.D. (a member of the FMS Foundation Scientific Advisory Board), Lawrence R. Klein, Ph.D., and Stephen H. Landman, Ph.D., she was an invited presenter for The Center for Mental Health at Foote Hospital's Continuing Education Conference: Controversies Around Recovered Memories of Incest and Ritualistic Abuse, held on August 7, 1993 in Ann Arbor, Michigan. Dr. Jennifer Freyd's presentation, "Theoretical and Personal Perspectives on the Delayed Memory Debate," included professional remarks on the conference topic, along with a personal section in which she, for the first time, publicly gave her side of the Freyd family story.In her statement, she alleges a pattern of boundary and privacy violations by her parents, some of which have occurred under the auspices of the Foundation; a pattern of inappropriate and unwanted sexualization by her father and denial by her mother, and a pattern of intimidation and manipulation by her parents since the inception of the Foundation. She also recounts that several members of the original FMS Foundation Scientific Advisory Board had dual professional relationships with the Freyd family.
Thomas Marshburn|I had always planned to make a large painting of the early spring, when the first leaves are at the bottom of the trees, and they seem to float in space in a wonderful way. But the arrival of spring can't be done in one picture.
Randy Cohen|There is a kind of virtue that lies not in extraordinary actions, not in saving poor orphans from burning buildings, but in steadfastly working for a world where orphans are not poor and buildings comply with decent fire codes.
Gustav Mahler|O Alaah, i haven't worshiped you because of lusting of heaven or fearing of hill. I've worshiped you because you deserve to be worshiped.
Ashtavakra Gita|[T]he greater part of human activity is designed to make permanent those experiences and joys which are only lovable because they are changing. Music is a delight because of its rhythm and flow. Yet the moment you arrest the flow and prolong a chord or note beyond its time, the rhythm is destroyed. Because life is a flowing process, change and death are its necessary parts. To work for their exclusion is to work against life.
John Steinbeck, Of Mice and Men|A water snake glided smoothly up the pool, twisting its periscope head from side to side; and it swam the length of the pool and came to the legs of a motionless heron that stood in the shadows. A silent head and beak lanced down and plucked it out by the head, and the beak swallowed the little snake while its tail waved frantically.
Liane Moriarty, What Alice Forgot|When you are criticised don't ignore it, but don't get overpowered by it, and certainly there is no need to be defensive about it. Rather, wait for a while and then weigh up its merits and demerits, balance it out and chart out your approaches and actions to improve. That is the right way to handle criticism, as it demonstrate your emotional maturity and will enhance your self confidence.
Patrick McCabe, Breakfast on Pluto|You'll have to learn to forgive," he said. "For if you don't, you know what will happen?""What, Doctor?" I croaked, for my outburst had exhausted me."It will destroy you," he said as he handed me the tea.A tear came into my eye when he said it for I knew it was true and I would have loved to be able to do it (not because of its destroying me but because it was right, and deep down I knew that) but I couldn't and the more I thought of it the more the blood came coursing to my head so that whenever I'd write I'd find myself clutching the pencil so tight I broke the lead how many times I don't know, hundreds.
Sōseki Natsume, Kokoro|But do you imagine there’s a certain type of person in the world who conforms to the idea of a ‘bad person'? You’ll never find someone who fits that mold neatly, you know. On the whole, all people are good, or at least they’re normal. The frightening thing is that they can suddenly turn bad when it comes to the crunch. That’s why you have to be careful.
Hermann Hesse, Klingsors letzter Sommer|For one scant day he had loved himself, felt himself to be unified and whole, not split into hostile parts; he had loved himself and the world and God in himself, and everywhere he went he had met nothing but love, approval, and joy.
Karen Marie Moning, Faefever|Driving a hot car is a lot like sex to me, or a lot like I keep thinking sex should be: A total body experience, overwhelming, to all the senses, taking you places you've never been, packing a punch that leaves you breathless and touches your soul. The Viper was way more satisfying then my last boyfriend.
Claire Betita de Guzman, Miss Makeover|Work with what you have. Look good, feel good.
Felix Wantang, God's Blueprint of the Holy Bible: Volume 2|If Satan really wanted to face Jesus Christ in a battle, he will be facilitating the End of the Age by helping to spread the gospel to the whole world. This must be fulfilled for the End to come. Matthew 24:14
Deyth Banger|Tomorrow could be just few steps away - a dream, yesterday the fucking nightmare...
Pablo Neruda, Veinte Poemas de Amor y una Canción Desesperada|Soy el desesperado, la palabra sin ecos, el que lo perdiò todo, y el que todo lo tuvo.
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|Here's the last thing that occurs to me as Sarah recedes in the rearview mirror, slamming out of the car, jogging across the parking lot: If you're one tardy away from missing out on a big competition, you should probably make your coffee at home.
Michael Bassey Johnson|You can tell yourself that you would be willing to lose everything you have in order to get something you want. But it’s a catch-22: all of those things that you’re willing to lose are what make you recognizable. Lose them, and you've lost yourself.
Marie Rutkoski, The Winner's Crime|A defeat for humanity would be the failure to recognise the rights of two people who love each other.A defeat for humanity is that people accept such hatred and discrimination into their hearts.A defeat for humanity would be the failure of the church to recognise that nobody can control who a person loves.A victory for humanity would be the dissolution of a theocratic dystopia that promotes anti-equality (aka "the Vatican") which has no place in a modern society.
Laurence J. Peter|Without the way, there is no going; without the truth, there is no knowing; without the life, there is no living.
Mahavira, Jaina Sutra: Acharanga and Kalpa Sutra|All breathing, existing, living, sentient creatures should not be slain, nor treated with violence, nor abused, nor tormented, nor driven away.
Jay Woodman, SPAN|from CHAOS?Trust the imagination - lines and shapes revealed - space and light instead of blackness. Silence being tentative, tender life of universe.
Barbara Robinson, The Best Christmas Pageant Ever|I've got the baby here," Imogene barked at the Wise Men. "Don touch him! I named him Jesus.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A seed rises from dirt to prove to the world that its greatness lies not on what the world thinks of it, but from within.
Benjamin Alire Sáenz, Last Night I Sang to the Monster|I find it rather depressing that the people you love most in this world can also be the same exact people you hate with fervor. But it can happen, trust me.It was the f***ing story of my life.
Sara Baume, A Line Made by Walking|We sat on the floor eating donuts, completely dazed and hung over. I looked up at the window every so often to gaze at the Christmas lights. They were so beautiful. They blinked on and off in what should have been the early night dark but was really the early morning dark.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Sadly, I put my dreams to bed long before they ever had the chance to get tired.
Dinaw Mengestu, The Beautiful Things That Heaven Bears|An ancient mustiness padded the air, tinged with with an acrid scent-a trace of the war between paper and oxygen, played out in slow inexorable burn that would one day crumble this empire to dust." -page 62
Kyle Vidrine, Wake Up The Winner In You: Your Time Is Now|If you see a shot, shoot.
Abhishek Kumar, Stardust Family - We Are One!|We are limited, not by our abilities, but by our vision. You gotta have a BIG vision to know what your abilities are. Don't be afraid. Fear limits YOU and YOUR VISION. It's okay to DREAM and dream BIG.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|He tells people that they can no more expect justice in the afterlife than in the mortal plane, but he doesn't do this to dissuade them from worshipping God; on the contrary, he encourages them to do so. What he insists on is that they not love God under a misapprehension, that if they wish to love God, they be prepared to do so no matter His intentions. God is not just, God is not kind, God is not merciful, and understanding that is essential to true devotion.
Sunday Adelaja|You know enough of me to believe me when I say I am not going anywhere. Not without you. You stay, I stay. You’re not a fling, Amelia. For me, you are the reason to stop running.
Stephen E. Ambrose|The past is a source of knowledge, and the future is a source of hope. Love of the past implies faith in the future.
Megan Smith|President Clinton signed a $10 million deal to write a book by 2003. Isn't that amazing? Yes, and get this, not only that, President Bush signed a $10 million deal to read a book by 2003.
Dwight L. Moody|He who kneels the most, stands the best.
Susan Wiggs, The Apple Orchard|Perched up on salvaged bricks, the half-pipes made perfect planters with an industrial edge that oddly complemented Sugar's pretty favorites: pansies, lantana, verbena and heliotrope.She laid two of them by the long wall of the taller building next door and planted a clematis vine at one end and a moonflower vine at the other: the clematis because the variety she picked had the prettiest purple bloom and the moonflower because it opened in the early evening and emanated a heavenly scent just when a person most felt like smelling one.
Kameron Hurley, God's War|I am not anti-gun. I'm pro-knife. Consider the merits of the knife. In the first place, you have to catch up with someone in order to stab him. A general substitution of knives for guns would promote physical fitness. We'd turn into a whole nation of great runners. Plus, knives don't ricochet. And people are seldom killed while cleaning their knives.
Jeremiah Walton|Words are fossilized butterfly wings,pretty to look at sometimes,but only good for Museums.I want to miserably burn down the Museums.
Jacque Fresco|To deal with these problems - of world population and hunger, of peace, of energy and mineral resources, of environmental pollution, of poverty - we must broaden and deepen our knowledge of nature's laws, and we must broaden and deepen our understanding of the laws of human behavior.
Danny Mekić|Fail hard, fail fast and fail often is the only way to get involved with real innovation in this fast changing world. Instead, most companies are trying to prevent failure at all cost, which makes them very unadaptive and the failures very expensive.
Lois Lowry, A Summer to Die|It is so good to have friends who understand how there is a time for crying and a time for laughing, and that sometimes the two are very close together.
Alice Walker|They be marching hand in hand, like going to war.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Most of beliefs that are commonly known as scientific facts are based on various theories, which have never been validated. Many of them will never be. Question your beliefs. Choose what promotes love and unity.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|It’s not about Al,” I snap. “It’s about everyone watching! Everyone who now seeshurling themselves into the chasm as a viable option. I mean, why not do it if everyonecalls you a hero afterward? Why not do it if everyone will remember your name? It’s…Ican’t…
Rachel Firasek, Drowning|You know what they say,' Suz had texted. 'Once you go geek, you never go back.
Lilly Black, A Jade's Trick|The pain of it was crippling him. He couldn’t breathe. Be a man! Be a Dardano. Alessandro felt the protective wall shoot up around his heart in one quick instant. Dardanos weren’t weak and stupid like he had been. Dardanos didn’t let their emotions blind them. Love was for fools. Love made men stupid. But oh, she would never make him stupid again. Oh, how Alessandro would make his darling wife pay.
Geraldine Brooks, The Secret Chord|Curiosity – if not desire, if not plain kindness – might have led him to greater zeal.
Dana Marton, Girl in the Water|The Potomac had taken away Linda and the boys.	The Rio Negro had given him Daniela.	One river had swallowed his heart; another river, halfway around the world, had gifted it back. A different heart, beaten up, scarred, but a beating heart at least.
Diana Gabaldon, Dragonfly in Amber|And there, until 1884, it was possible to gaze on the remains of a generally neglected monument, so-called Dagobert’s Tower, which included a ninth-century staircase set into the masonry, of which the thirty-foot handrail was fashioned out of the trunk of a gigantic oak tree. Here, according to tradition, lived a barber and a pastry-cook, who in the year 1335 plied their trade next door to each other. The reputation of the pastry-cook, whose products were among the most delicious that could be found, grew day by day. Members of the high-ranking clergy in particular were very fond of the extraordinary meat pies that, on the grounds of keeping to himself the secret of how the meats were seasoned, our man made all on his own, with the sole assistance of an apprentice who was responsible for the pastry.His neighbor the barber had won favor with the public through his honesty, his skilled hairdressing and shaving, and the steam baths he offered. Now, thanks to a dog that insistently scratched at the ground in a certain place, the ghastly origins of the meat used by the pastry-cook became known, for the animal unearthed some human bones! It was established that every Saturday before shutting up shop the barber would offer to shave a foreign student for free. He would put the unsuspecting young man in a tip-back seat and then cut his throat. The victim was immediately rushed down to the cellar, where the pastry-cook took delivery of him, cut him up, and added the requisite seasoning. For which the pies were famed, ‘especially as human flesh is more delicate because of the diet,’ old Dubreuil comments facetiously.The two wretched fellows were burned with their pies, the house was ordered to be demolished, and in its place was built a kind of expiatory pyramid, with the figure of the dog on one of its faces. The pyramid was there until 1861.But this is where the story takes another turn and joins the very best of black comedy. For the considerable number of ecclesiastics who had unwittingly consumed human flesh were not only guilty before God of the very venial sin of greed; they were automatically excommunicated! A grand council was held under the aegis of several bishops and it was decided to send to Avignon, where Pope Clement VI resided, a delegation of prelates with a view to securing the rescindment if not of the Christian interdiction against cannibalism then at least of the torments of hell that faced the inadvertent cannibals. The delegation set off, with a tidy sum of money, bare-footed, bearing candles and singing psalms. But the roads of that time were not very safe and doubtless strewn with temptation. Anyway, the fact is that Clement VI never saw any sign of the penitents, and with good reason.
C. S. Lewis|There is no end of craving. Hence contentment alone is the best way to happiness. Therefore, acquire contentment.
|Some people love to mentally bully others into feeling inferior. Sadly, they often succeed in doing so because a lot of people aren't in the habit of defining their true self-worth.
John Scalzi|If your social consciousness seems stuck in 1975, 2014 is gonna be a rough ride.
Paula Fox, Short Shorts|Words are nets through which all truth escapes("News From The World")
Sallust|All those who offer an opinion on any doubtful point should first clear their minds of every sentiment of dislike, friendship, anger or pity.
Sheryl Sandberg|You did listen." He sat back, nodding his head. "Okay, then. Now tell me what you really thought.""I told you. It was interesting.""Interesting," he said, "is not a word.""Since when?""It's a placeholder. Something you use when you don't want to say something else." He leaned a little closer to me. "Look, if you're worried about my feelings, don't be. You can say whatever you want. I won't be offended.""I did. I liked it.""Tell the truth. Say something. Anything. Just spit it out.""I—" I began, then stopped myself. Maybe it was the fact that he was so clearly on to me. Or my sudden awareness of how rarely I was honest. Either way, I broke. "I… I didn't like it," I said.He slapped his leg. "I knew it! You know, for someone who lies a lot, you're not very good at it."This was a good thing. Or not? I wasn't sure. "I'm not a liar," I said."Right. You're nice," he said."What's wrong with nice?""Nothing. Except it usually involves not telling the truth," he replied. "Now. Tell me what you really thought.
Candis Terry, Sweetest Mistake|Some infinities are bigger than other infinities"- The Fault in our Stars
Leo Buscaglia|...the opposite of love is not hate -- it's apathy. It's not giving a damn. If somebody hates me, they must "feel" something ... or they couldn't possibly hate. Therefore, there's some way in which I can get to them.
Ryan North, Adventure Time Vol. 4|There are, literally, thousands of people all around the world who need nothing more than to meet someone just like you. To spend your time pretending to be someone else is just as senseless and fear-driven as spending your time speaking to people who don’t understand you. Find your tribe. Let yourself be seen. You are already someone’s hero.
Sandra M. Michelle|Great things were going to happen in my life, and I had to do my part by preparing myself and being ready.
Steven Magee, Solar Radiation, Global Warming and Human Disease|The various forms of electromagnetic radiation were extensively proven harmful to human health decades ago. The air is electrified, the ground is electrified, the water is electrified, your metal mattress is electrified, your metal under wired bra is electrified, your children are electrified, and you are electrified. Unfortunately, we are in the electromagnetic radiation epidemic.
Lemony Snicket, Horseradish|That's basically the mantra of Herr Silverman's teaching - think for yourself and do what's right for you, but let others do the same.
James     Baldwin|Then the door is before him. There is darkness all around him, there is silence in him. Then the door opens and he stands alone, the whole world falling away from him. And the brief corner of the sky seems to be shrieking, though he does not hear a sound. Then the earth tilts, he is thrown forward on his face in darkness, and his journey begins.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|She'd never been one to think in terms of years, anyway. A person was what they were, and many a man at forty was sixty in his ways and many another was twenty and would never grow past it.
Philip   Dodd, Angel War|And it occurred to me how even pulling trees that day, just months ago, I was in heaven. Unaware. I had known nothing even as the evil was occurring, I hadn't been touched yet.
Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park|There's no reason to think we're going to stop loving each other,' he said. 'And there's every reason to think that we won't.
James Shirley|I think that beauty can injure you to death. It can cause an injury that can never be cured. Or it can so traumatise you, your life changes direction. The beauty of the harmony of nature that is forever lost, or a daily rite that you perform, or diving into the sea for a swim. Those experiences are going to mark you.
Natascha Kampusch, 3,096 Days|Suicide seemed to me the greatest kind of freedom, a release from everything, from a life that had been ruined a long time ago.
John F. MacArthur Jr.|The American family shattered for the simple reason that it was American, not global.
ANIKOR Daniel|What is interesting about you today, would not create new memory tomorrow braze up and create that envisage memory that is glaring you within.
Naomi Wolf, The Beauty Myth|Cosmetic surgery is not "cosmetic," and human flesh is not "plastic." Even the names trivialize what it is. It's not like ironing wrinkles in fabric, or tuning up a car, or altering outmoded clothes, the current metaphors. Trivialization and infantilization pervade the surgeons' language when they speak to women: "a nip," a "tummy tuck."...Surgery changes one forever, the mind as well as the body. If we don't start to speak of it as serious, the millennium of the man-made woman will be upon us, and we will have had no choice.
Emery Lee, Fortune's Son|True vice, my lady, would frighten us all, if it did not wear the mask of virtue. (p.56)
Lee Kuan Yew|The U.K. and Ireland are like-minded on E.U. matters, and the process of working together in Brussels has built an immense store of knowledge, personal relationships, and trust between our governments.
Debasish Mridha|In my silence and stillness, my soul dances with the ecstasy of life.
Sigmund Freud, The Future of an Illusion|No, our science is no illusion. But an illusion it would be to suppose that what science cannot give us we can get elsewhere.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|As we explore new ways of thinking, we need to be willing to investigate, experiment, take some risks with our attention, and stretch.
Sipporah Joseph, Spirit Tale Three: Teacher of Counsel|Grandpa Sereno: "There is nothing as dangerous as fear, fear of people who are different than you. Fear is the REAL danger and we must start to put all our efforts into fighting THAT instead of each other. Fight fear not people!!!		Let there be light!
Barbara Marciniak, Family of Light: Pleiadian Tales and Lessons in Living|I squeezed my eyes shut and took several deep breaths, trying not to smell Jace in front of me, not to taste him on my lips. But it was useless. In that moment, Jace was everywhere. He was in my mind, he was in my heart, and he was in my memory. He smelled good. He tasted good. And the blissful aftershock still throbbing in my most sensitive places felt wonderful, when everything else in my life was an obstacle to be overcome.
Vincent S. Coster, Eat Not My Brother|We cry for the hand of God to bring us salvation, but then we seize the voice of God and use it to profess our destructive nature.
Jan Strnad, The Summer We Lost Alice|...it's nice of Mrs. Goe to think that marching against the juvenile juror law is going to keep kids safe. But the fact is, we're NOT safe. Nobody is. That's the whole point. There's no such thing as being safe--here or anywhere. People get hurt every day. Some people get killed by weirdos like Bob White and some people just get teased to death at the lunch table for drinking orange soda or eating a tuna fish sandwich.
Lisa Gardner|As our values are the core to who we are as human beings, they are also the easiest way to identify and connect with others in meaningful ways. Think about it - most political campaigns are based around values. Barack Obama's 2008 election campaign galvanized millions of youth behind two very clear values - hope and change.
Leigh Ann Edwards, The Farrier's Daughter|Alainn, it is no herb that has made me so entirely insatiable, 'tis just being with you.
Brandon Mull, Rise of the Evening Star|It was hard to feel the right emotions at the right times. They didn’t come at all when you set a place for them, and they sacked when you weren’t ready, when you were just innocently flossing your teeth, for example, or eating a bowl of cereal. 
Winston S. Churchill|The devil will never rest, nor sleep, nor turn his head from you. He will find every fault, every weakness, every discrepancy he can magnify, expand and contort every sin to cause you to abort your mission here; to cause you to feel like a worthless, ignoble, useless, piece of garbage to get you to fail in your task that God has for you. So what are you going to do about it?
Celia McMahon, Skye|Jimmi manages a laugh that makes my skin crawl. “Do you really think what you read in those books is true? Sure, some of it may be but have you ever actually paid attention to it? It's all false set upon us as truth. You can't coat something with lies and intend it to go away. It's asinine and lackluster at best.
Michael Morpurgo|To win this war, we need a commander in chief, not a professor of law standing at the lectern.
Stephenie Meyer, Eclipse|Odd as this might sound, I suppose I’m glad you’re here, Jacob. [Edward Cullen]
Omar El Akkad, American War|Rage wrapped itself around her like a tourniquet, keeping her alive even as it condemned a part of her to atrophy.
Martin Amis|Thou shalt have one God only; whoWould be at the expense of two?No graven images may beWorshipped, except the currency:Swear not at all; for, for thy curseThine enemy is none the worse:At church on Sunday to attendWill serve to keep the world thy friend:Honour thy parents; that is allFrom whom advancement may befall:Thou shalt not kill; but need'st not striveOfficiously to keep alive:Do not adultery commit;Advantage rarely comes of it:Thou shalt not steal; an empty feat,When it's so lucrative to cheat:Bear not false witness; let the lieHave time on its own wings to fly:Thou shalt not covet, but traditionApproves all forms of competition.
Lucy Monroe, Satisfaction Guaranteed|Ethan: "You think I'm a hero?"Beth: "Yes."Ethan: "But lousy husband material?" Like that really mattered to him.Beth: "Don't sweat it. So was Superman.
Keegan 'Straight Barz' Large|He kissed her temple, her hair, and then her mouth again, with great passion and heartbreaking tenderness. "My Love... from the beginning of time until the end. Always and forever. You'll always be my love. Always.
Maisie Williams|When I was a child, it was cool to be a scientist.
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|The literature hardly helps. You remember it only when you are well, healthy, and in a positive state of mind. And you tend to blame your circumstances and people around you for the outcome of the follies you commit.
Bob Dylan|You're gonna have to serve somebody; well, it may be the devil, or it may be the Lord, but you're gonna have to serve somebody...
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, Wind, Sand and Stars|I looked about me. Luminous points glowed in the darkness. Cigarettes punctuated the humble meditations of worn old clerks. I heard them talking to one another in murmurs and whispers. They talked about illness, money, shabby domestic cares. And suddenly I had a vision of the face of destiny. Old bureaucrat, my comrade, it is not you who are to blame. No one ever helped you to escape. You, like a termite, built your peace by blocking up with cement every chink and cranny through which the light might pierce. You rolled yourself up into a ball in your genteel security, in routine, in the stifling conventions of provincial life, raising a modest rampart against the winds and the tides and the stars. You have chosen not to be perturbed by great problems, having trouble enough to forget your own fate as a man. You are not the dweller upon an errant planet and do not ask yourself questions to which there are no answers. Nobody grasped you by the shoulder while there was still time. Now the clay of which you were shaped has dried and hardened, and naught in you will ever awaken the sleeping musician, the poet, the astronomer that possibly inhabited you in the beginning.
Casey Stengel|I usually stalk fans because I think they're really funny on Twitter. They don't know it, but I'll just go through their timelines, and if something is happening in the media, I always read fan accounts instead of the news because they have all the info and make the funniest jokes about it, so that's how I get my gossip - by stalking fans.
Humphry Davy|Nothing is so dangerous to the progress of the human mind than to assume that our views of science are ultimate, that there are no mysteries in nature, that our triumphs are complete and that there are no new worlds to conquer.
Meredith Duran, Wicked Becomes You|The mind of Caesar. It is the reverse of most men's. It rejoices in committing itself. To us arrive each day a score of challenges; we must say yes or no to decisions that will set off chains of consequences. Some of us deliberate; some of us refuse the decision, which is itself a decision; some of us leap giddily into the decision, setting our jaws and closing our eyes, which is the sort of decision of despair. Caesar embraces decision. It is as though he felt his mind to be operating only when it is interlocking itself with significant consequences. Caesar shrinks from no responsibility. He heaps more and more upon his shoulders.
E.M. Forster, Maurice|... and someone he scarcely knew moved towards him and knelt beside him and whispered, 'Sir, was you calling out for me? ... Sir, I know ... I know,' and touched him.
Bill Gates|If you realize that all things change, there is nothing you will try to hold on to. If you are not afraid of dying, there is nothing you cannot achieve.
|If you don't like the feeling that you are experiencing, then it is time to challenge and replace that thought that is producing it. Thoughts always give birth to feelings.
Jennifer Ashley|At their best, religious and spiritual communities help us discover this pure and naked spiritual encounter. At their worst, they simply make us more ashamed, pressuring us to cover up more, pushing us to further enhance our image with the best designer labels and latest spiritual fads, weighing us down with layer upon layer of heavy, uncomfortable, pretentious, well-starched religiosity.
Isaac Asimov, Adding a Dimension: Seventeen Essays on the History of Science|A number of years ago, when I was a freshly-appointed instructor, I met, for the first time, a certain eminent historian of science. At the time I could only regard him with tolerant condescension.I was sorry of the man who, it seemed to me, was forced to hover about the edges of science. He was compelled to shiver endlessly in the outskirts, getting only feeble warmth from the distant sun of science- in-progress; while I, just beginning my research, was bathed in the heady liquid heat up at the very center of the glow.In a lifetime of being wrong at many a point, I was never more wrong. It was I, not he, who was wandering in the periphery. It was he, not I, who lived in the blaze.I had fallen victim to the fallacy of the 'growing edge;' the belief that only the very frontier of scientific advance counted; that everything that had been left behind by that advance was faded and dead.But is that true? Because a tree in spring buds and comes greenly into leaf, are those leaves therefore the tree? If the newborn twigs and their leaves were all that existed, they would form a vague halo of green suspended in mid-air, but surely that is not the tree. The leaves, by themselves, are no more than trivial fluttering decoration. It is the trunk and limbs that give the tree its grandeur and the leaves themselves their meaning., 'it is because I have stood on the shoulders of giants.
Sarah Vowell, Take the Cannoli|We are flawed creatures, all of us. Some of us think that means we should fix our flaws. But get rid of my flaws and there would be no one left.
Kami Garcia, Beautiful Creatures|I thought of writing a summary about you, but when I finished it was a book.
Ramana Pemmaraju|The thinking ability or creative intelligence for a man is same as sexuality for a woman, and believe me, the latter is far more dangerous than all the nukes in this world." - Ramana Pemmaraju
N. Kazantzakis|I had allowed my body to take whatever path it wished. The fact that it was guiding me and not I it gave me great pleasure. I had confidence. The body is not blind unwrought material when bathed in Greek light; it is suffused with abundant soul which makes it phosphoresce, and it left free, it is able to arrive at its own decision and find the correct road without the mind's intervention. Conversely, the soul is not an invisible airy phantom; it has taken on some body's sureness and warmth in its own right, and it savors the world with what you might call carnal pleasure, as though it had a mouth and nostrils and hands with which to caress this world. Man often lacks the persistence to maintain all of his humanity. He mutilates himself. Sometimes he wishes to be released from his soul sometimes from his body. To enjoy both together seems a heavy sentence. But here in Greece these two graceful, deathless elements are able to commingle like hot water with cold, the soul to take something from the body, the body from the soul. They become friends, and thus man, here on Greece's divine threshing floor, is able to live and journey unmutilated, intact. (Report to Greco)
Hilary Thayer Hamann, Anthropology of an American Girl|It's better to keep grief inside. Grief inside works like bees or ants, building curious and perfect structures, complicating you. Grief outside means you want something from someone, and chances are good you won't get it.
Colleen Atwood|Costume design allows you to do a different type of research and create characters, whereas in fashion, you create an image and clothing for the masses.
Bootsy Collins|I think her friends were worried that the bulimia might come back, about some psychological slide, and she was given breathing space to some extent by the media as much as she ever has been.
Socrates, Apology, Crito and Phaedo of Socrates.|...I have had a remarkable experience. In the past the prophetic voice to which I have become accustomed has always been my constant companion, opposing me even in quite trivial things if I was going to take the wrong course. Now something has happened to me, as you can see, which might be thought and is commonly considered to be a supreme calamity; yet neither when I left home this morning, nor when I was taking my place here in court, nor at any point in any part of my speech did the divine sign oppose me. In other discussions it has often checked me in the middle of a sentence; but this time it has never opposed me in any part of this business in anything that I have said or done. What do I suppose to be the explanation? I will tell you. I suspect that this thing that has happened to me is a blessing, and we are quite mistaken in supposing death to be an evil. I have good grounds for thinking this, because my accustomed sign could not have failed to oppose me if what I was doing had not been sure to bring some good result.
George Leonard, Mastery: The Keys to Success and Long-Term Fulfillment|To be a learner, you've got to be willing to be a fool.
Shahla Khan, Friends With Benefits: Rethinking Friendship, Dating & Violence|You can’t ask authentically and gracefully without truly being able to accept “No” for an answer. Because if you’re not truly willing to accept “No” for an answer, you’re not really asking, you’re demanding — you’re begging. At least, that’s how I’ve come to understand asking.
Peter Heller, Celine|When we are most scared is the time to summon our clearest concentration and move forward, not back.
Vikrmn, 10 Golden Steps of Life|Whatever you do, do it with passion; learn new things, set new standards. If you fall down, get up; just get going, non-stop. This is how dreams come true.
Onyi Anyado|If your looking to write a book, your creativity, originality and simplicity is what will distinguish you.
Jonathan Galassi, Muse|As I empty my head, I feel wonderful and alive. Sometimes my creation is as beautiful as the feeling it produces, but most often it has to go through many changes before it is considered good enough for public consumption.
Ivana Trump|I'm working at trying to be a Christian, and that's serious business. It's like trying to be a good Jew, a good Muslim, a good Buddhist, a good Shintoist, a good Zoroastrian, a good friend, a good lover, a good mother, a good buddy - it's serious business.
Jerry Hall|When I was in college, I really liked poetry. I don't read much anymore.
Derek Landy, Skulduggery Pleasant|I'm placing you under arrest for murder, conspiracy to commit murder and, I don't know, possibly littering.
Teresa Hirst|Energetically speaking, antimatter is the mirror image of matter, so the two instantly cancel each other out if they come in contact.Keeping antimatter isolated from matter is a challenge, of course, because everything on earth is made of matter. The samples have to be stored without ever touching anything at all—even air.
Kristin Bartley Lenz, The Art of Holding On and Letting Go|When every piece falls into place, it's like a dance, a delicate but powerful balancing act. The art of holding on and letting go at the same time.
Reza Aslan, Zealot: The Life and Times of Jesus of Nazareth|According to Mark, it was a custom of the Roman governor during the feast of Passover to release one prisoner to the Jews, anyone for whom they asked. When Pilate asks the crowd which prisoner they would like to have released—Jesus, the preacher and traitor to Rome, or bar Abbas, the insurrectionist and murderer—the crowd demands the release of the insurrectionist and the crucifixion of the preacher. "Why?" Pilate asks, pained at the thought of having to put an innocent Jewish peasant to death. “What evil has he done?” But the crowd shouts all the louder for Jesus’s death. "Crucify him! Crucify him!" (Mark 15:1–20). The scene is absolutely nonsensical. Never mind that outside the gospels there exists not a shred of historical evidence for any such Passover custom on the part of any Roman governor. What is truly beyond belief is the portrayal of Pontius Pilate—a man renowned for his loathing of the Jews, his total disregard for Jewish rituals and customs, and his penchant for absentmindedly signing so many execution orders that a formal complaint was lodged against him in Rome—spending even a moment of his time pondering the fate of yet another Jewish rabble-rouser.
Avi|I have so little patience with the whole Y.A. book thing. As far as I'm concerned, you either read books for children or you read books for adults.
Friedrich Nietzsche, The Gay Science|If you want to make a difference, the next time you see someone being cruel to another human being, take it personally. Take it personally because it is personal!
Lilly Singh|It was a sad process for me to become a mom, and a long process. I felt so embarrassed that I couldn't have a biological child.
Peter A. Levine|In response to threat and injury, animals, including humans, execute biologically based, non-conscious action patterns that prepare them to meet the threat and defend themselves. The very structure of trauma, including activation, dissociation and freezing are based on the evolution of survival behaviors. When threatened or injured, all animals draw from a "library" of possible responses. We orient, dodge, duck, stiffen, brace, retract, fight, flee, freeze, collapse, etc. All of these coordinated responses are somatically based- they are things that the body does to protect and defend itself. It is when these orienting and defending responses are overwhelmed that we see trauma.The bodies of traumatized people portray "snapshots" of their unsuccessful attempts to defend themselves in the face of threat and injury. Trauma is a highly activated incomplete biological response to threat, frozen in time. For example, when we prepare to fight or to flee, muscles throughout our entire body are tensed in specific patterns of high energy readiness. When we are unable to complete the appropriate actions, we fail to discharge the tremendous energy generated by our survival preparations. This energy becomes fixed in specific patterns of neuromuscular readiness. The person then stays in a state of acute and then chronic arousal and dysfunction in the central nervous system. Traumatized people are not suffering from a disease in the normal sense of the word- they have become stuck in an aroused state. It is difficult if not impossible to function normally under these circumstances.
Nicolas Cage|Like your home's closets, your financial clutter needs an overhaul every now and again, and the payoff will go far beyond the psychic satisfaction of neatening up.
Serena Jade, Charismatic Connection: The Authentic Soul Mate Experience|If I am wrong, I am doing what I believe to the right.
Jared Diamond, Collapse: How Societies Choose to Fail or Succeed|My mother used to tell me, “Things always look worse at night.” For the most part, I believe her. But some of the troubles that keep me from sleeping look just as bad in the morning.
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|What i'm trying to say is this. A certain kind of shittiness, a certain kind of stagnation, a certain kind of darkness, goes on propogating itself by its own power in its own self-contained cycle. And once it passes a certain point, no one can stop it - even if the person himself wants to stop it.
Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl|I feel a resurgence of my 6-year-old self… that little warrior, goddess of a girl reminding me of who I was when I was little, before the world got its hands on me.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Do not fear, have faith.
Ally Carter, Only the Good Spy Young|...nothing ever happens quickly (except when it does). Nothing is ever, ever easy (except when it is). And, most of all, nothing ever goes perfectly according to plan (except in the movies).
Elif Shafak, The Forty Rules of Love|I wanted to hate you, but I just couldn't.
Andrea Cremer, Nightshade|My eyes moved over his face. His chiseled jaw and high cheekbones twisted in agony. Even writhing he was beautiful, muscles clenching and unclenching, revealing his strenght, his body's fight against its impending collapse, rendering his torture sublime. Desire to help him consumed me.I can't watch him die.
Kyriacos C. Markides, Gifts of the Desert: The Forgotten Path of Christian Spirituality|But those who manage to genuinely place their hopes totally in God will never be disappointed. God will be with them continuously. They will then be able to bear witness to the miraculous way Providence works in their lives, yet without recognizing it. All of us have such experiences if we pay attention.
Yaganesh Derasari|Arranged Conversation and Pre-Planned Emotions never Works in real life, and Always Comes with Bad Ending .
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, The Cost of Discipleship|Whenever Christ calls us, his call leads us to death.
Junot Díaz, The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao|She would be a new person, she vowed. They said no matter how far a mule travels it can never come back a horse, but she would show them all.
Thomas Carlyle|'Friday Night Lights' was kind of like my college years because I did four seasons of that. It was my first series. It was the most time I had with one character, and kind of growing and evolving with the character over that long of a span of time, it just allows you to sort of learn in a completely different way that I had never experienced.
Adelaide Crapsey, Verse by Adelaide Crapsey|The best way I can think to describe it, she said, ' is the way, when you're driving on the freeway at night how everyone can see the moon in their window. Every car on the road. Every car feels the moon is following that car, even in the other direction, right? Everyone in that entire hemisphere can see the moon and think it is there for them, is following where they go.
Nelson Mandela|Next year, I hope there will be even more parties, lots of holidays and just having a good time, really. Plus wing-walking, air shows and learning to fly, as they are all things I want to do. I won't be restricted by age.
Diane Setterfield|The imagination is a healthy thing, and a great many scientific discoveries could not have been made without it, but it need to be harnessed to some serious object if it is to come to anything.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|I don't go out of my way to make friends, that's all.
John Paul II|~Have NO fear of moving into the unknown. Simply step out fearlessly knowing that I am with YOU, therefore NO harm can befall YOU; all is very, very well. Do this in complete faith and confidence~
Shanthi Sekaran, Lucky Boy|When Aziza first spotted Mariam in the morning, her eyes always sprang open, and she began mewling and squirming in her mother's grip. She thrust her arms toward Mariam, demanding to be held, her tiny hands opening and closing urgently, on her face a look of both adoration and quivering anxiety. "What a scene you're making," Laila would say, releasing her to crawl toward Mariam. "What a scene! Calm down. Khala Mariam isn't going anywhere. There she is, your aunt. See? Go on, now." As soon as she was in Mariam's arms, Aziza's thumb shot into her mouth and she buried her face in Mariam's neck. Mariam bounced her stiffly, a half-bewildered, half-grateful smile on her lips. Mariam had never before been wanted like this. Love had never been declared to her so guilelessly, so unreservedly.Aziza made Mariam want to weep."Why have you pinned your little heart to an old, ugly hag like me?" Mariam would murmur into Aziza's hair. "Huh? I am nobody, don't you see? A dehati. What have I got to give you?"But Aziza only muttered contentedly and dug her face in deeper. And when she did that, Mariam swooned. Her eyes watered. Her heart took flight. And she marvelled at how, after all these years of rattling loose, she had found in this little creature the first true connection in her life of false, failed connections.
Richard Corliss|There are a lot of movies about misfits that are quite cool, that kind of glamorize it on some level. I think there are fewer films, certainly with a lady at the center, about the agony of what it's like to feel like you're not accepted, and you're different, and somehow you're weird.
Shannon L. Alder|Having dignity doesn't require you to fall out of love with someone. You can love someone your entire life and not been in their life. It simply means you won't allow their actions or inactions to guide your future. The moment you feel derailed from your life purpose, in limbo or have to sell your worth, you have crossed over from love to desperation.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|I keep remembering one of my Guru's teachings about happiness. She says that people universally tend to think that happiness is a stroke of luck, something that will maybe descend upon you like fine weather if you're fortunate enough. But that's not how happiness works. Happiness is the consequence of personal effort. You fight for it, strive for it, insist upon it, and sometimes even travel around the world looking for it. You have to participate relentlessly in the manifestations of your own blessings. And once you have achieved a state of happiness, you must never become lax about maintaining it, you must make a mighty effort to keep swimming upward into that happiness forever, to stay afloat on top of it. If you don't you will eat away your innate contentment. It's easy enough to pray when you're in distress but continuing to pray even when your crisis has passed is like a sealing process, helping your soul hold tight to its good attainments.
Ruta Sepetys, Out of the Easy|What's the matter with you, Penny? You're not as good looking as you generally believe you are.
Abdul Sattar Edhi|So, many years later there were many who still complained and questioned, ‘Why must you pick up Christians and Hindus in your ambulance?’ And I was saying, ‘Because the ambulance is more Muslim than you’.
René Descartes|In the firmament of science Mayer and Joule constitute a double star, the light of each being in a certain sense complementary to that of the other.
Michael Pollan, The Omnivore's Dilemma: A Natural History of Four Meals|I don't know." That was typical Sajaki; like all the genuinely clever people Sylveste had met he knew better than to feign understanding where none existed.
Lynda Williams|Nature is infinitely rich and diverse in her ways. She can be seen to break her most unchanging laws. She has made self-interest the motive of all human action, but in the great host of men she produces ones who are strangely constituted, in whom selfishness is scarcely perceptible because they do not place their affections in themselves. Some are passionate about the sciences, others about the public good. They are as attached to the discoveries of others as if they themselves had made them, or to the institutions of public welfare and the state as if they derived benefit from them. This habit of not thinking of themselves influences the whole course of their lives. They don't know how to use other men for their profit. Fortune offers them opportunities which they do not think of taking up.In nearly all men the self is almost never inactive. You will detect their self-interest in nearly all the advice they give you, in the services they do for you, in the contacts they make, in the friendships they form. They are deeply attached to the things which affect their interests however remotely, and are indifferent to all others. When they encounter a man who is indifferent to personal interest they cannot understand him. They suspect him of hidden motives, of affectation, or of insanity. They cast him from their bosom, revile him.
Karen Marie Moning, Spell of the Highlander|The entire time I'm burning in Hell, I'll regret each tear I made you weep. But if Hell were the price for twenty days with you, I'd condemn myself again and again. - Cian MacKeltar 
Jordan B Peterson|I knew this guy he'd been in a motorcycle accident and it really ruined him and he was a linesman working on the power and he was working with someone who had Parkinsons so they both had complimentary inadeqacies and so two of them could do the job of one person so they're out there fixing powerlines in the freezing cold despite the fact that one was three quarters wrecked and the other one had Parkinsons That's how our civilization works, there's all these ruined people out there they've got problems like you can't believe, off they go to work to do things they don't even like and look! The Lights Are On
Rachel Ward, Numbers|How easy to be a bird or an animal, living from day to day, unaware you're alive, unaware that one day you will die.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray and Other Writings|At her gesture Michael cursed and caught her hand, falling suddenly atop her.She stared up at him wondering what bedchamber faux pas she’d committed.He groaned at her look. “I’ll let ye pet and play all ye want—after. Now I need”—he pushed her chemise to her waist, parted her thighs, and settled between them—“to be inside ye.
Roald Dahl|Grown ups are complicated creatures, full of quirks and secrets.
Jane McGonigal|I came from a happy family with loving parents, so my associations with marriage and children were all happy, positive things that brought me comfort as a child, which I wanted in my life.
Conchitina Cruz|I figured I wasn't supposed to be capable of that kind of thinking, and I felt like an alien. I feel that a lot, actually, in a lot of circumstances. Like I ought to be feeling something I don't.
Jessica Sorensen|And there it was, on a shabby bed in a tawdry, ill-lighted bedroom, surrounded by a crowd of ignorant and excited people, broken and wounded, betrayed and unpitied, that Griffin, the first of all men to make himself invisible, Griffin, the most gifted physicist the world has ever seen, ended in infinite disaster his strange and terrible career.
Pēteris Bitāns|But there, war does not care for predetermination; it also destroys in fury that wich is immaterial, the hopes and expectations (from Requiem for a Hotel /Nekrolog auf ein Hotel,1918)
Catherine Lacey, Nobody Is Ever Missing|Mori looked across and was, briefly, a languageless, inhuman thing rescued from the sea and asked for an impious favour.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Today almost everybody is a writer, the enormous publish button on blogs and websites begs you everywhere to click on it! And bam you are a writer. To hell with agents and publishing houses and rejection letters. Immortality for you is on the click of a mouth! We are advancing at the speed of light! You can become an author at 140 characters. To hell with long winding sentences and long hours of scratching the head, the immortals of today instantly get a "like" and they instantly enter the pantheon! They seat side by side Plato, Socrates, Aristotle, St Paul, Buddha, Martin Luther, Rousseau, Bangambiki…
Iain Banks, A Song of Stone|Sometimes sleep gets to be a serious and complete thing. You stop going to sleep in order that you may be able to get up, but get up in order that you may be able to go back to sleep.
Jasinda Wilder, Falling into Us|You’re my woman. Of courseI’m responsible for you. It’s my highest duty in life to take care of you, protect you. -Jason Dorsey
Kekla Magoon, Fire in the Streets|Linnie. And this Winnie.” They wore identical smiles, their bright black eyes sparked with curiosity. “Are you the doctor?”	“No, I’m just volunteering.”	“I knowed that, too.” Winnie gave her an exaggerated shake of the head. “Girls is never the doctor. They’s the nurses.”	“Oh no, what about Dr. Clare? Huh? The lady doctor who took care of Grammy in the hospital when she broke her hip bone?” Linnie asked.	“Yeah, but she was a white lady. They can be doctors.” Winnie looked at Lucy. “Right? There are white lady doctors. I seen ‘em.”	Lucy felt her eyes go wide. Were there children who still believed your gender or color dictated your career? “There are white lady doctors, black lady doctors, white man doctors, black man doctors.”	They stared at her. 	She thought for a moment. “And there are white man nurses and black man nurses, too.”	“Now you’re just bein’ silly,” Linnie said and let out a laugh.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|Everybody liked better to conjecture how the thing was, than simply to know it; for conjecture soon became more confident than knowledge, and had a more liberal allowance for the incompatible.
Scott Hastie|In this life at least,Our fate is rarely epic.Maybe just as well,Impervious heroes we are not…
Alan W. Watts|If you awaken from this illusion and you understand that black implies white, self implies other, life implies death (or shall I say death implies life?), you can feel yourself – not as a stranger in the world, not as something here unprobational, not as something that has arrived here by fluke - but you can begin to feel your own existence as absolutely fundamental.
Shaun David Hutchinson, We Are the Ants|A star's light still shines even if there's no one to see it, but without someone to remember Jesse, his light will disappear.
Robert Louis Stevenson|Pride tells me to give it back, but common sense tells pride to shut up, have a joint and relax. I shrug and put the note into my wallet.
Forrest  Carr, A Journal of the Crazy Year|Results of two independent factor analyses of the survey responses of more than 2000 English and American citizens parallel these findings (19,33):- fear and exclusion: persons with severe mental illness should be feared and, therefore, be kept out of most communities;- authoritarianism: persons with severe mental illness are irresponsible, so life decisions should be made by others;- benevolence: persons with severe mental illness are childlike and need to be cared for."World Psychiatry. 2002 Feb; 1(1): 16–20.PMCID: PMC1489832Understanding the impact of stigma on people with mental illnessPATRICK W CORRIGAN and AMY C WATSON
George Carlin|Life is tough, then you die.
Amen Muffler|You might plan how you sleep but you can't plan how you wake up. He who plans how to sleep is a Planner, he who plans how to wake up is a Dreamer.
Steve Maraboli|If I do tell you the story, the two of us will always share it. And I don’t know if that’s the right thing to do. if I lift open the lid now, you’ll be implicated. Is that what you want? You really want to know something I’ve sacrificed so much trying to forget?
Anton Chekhov, The Shooting Party|A man who under the influence of mental pain or unbearably oppressive suffering sends a bullet through his own head is called a suicide; but for those who give freedom to their pitiful, soul-debasing passions in the holy days of spring and youth there is no name in man's vocabulary. After the bullet follows the peace of the grave: ruined youth is followed by years of grief and painful recollections. He who has profaned his spring will understand the present condition of my soul. I am not yet old, or grey, but I no longer live. Psychiaters tell us that a solider, who was wounded at Waterloo, went mad, and afterwards assured everybody - and believed it himself - that he had died at Waterloo, and that what was now considered to be him was only his shadow, a reflection of the past. I am now experiencing something resembling this semi-death..
Marla Gibbs|Live life to the fullest, and focus on the positive.
Cassandra Clare, City of Lost Souls|She opened her mouth to answer, but he was already kissing her. She had kissed him so many times—soft gentle kisses, hard and desperate ones, brief brushes of the lips that said good-bye, and kisses that seemed to go on for hours—and this was no different. The way the memory of someone who had once lived in a house might linger even after they were gone, like a sort of psychicimprint,herbody rememberedJace.Remembered the way he tasted, the slant of his mouth over hers, his scars under her fingers, the shape of his body under her hands.
Raoul Vaneigem|Inequality can have a bad downside, but equality, for its part, sure does get in the way of coordination.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, An Intimate Collision: Encounters with Life and Jesus|It‘s utterly astounding that every time I get knocked down God’s mercy compassionately raises me to my feet; His grace thoroughly brushes off every trace of assorted filth I accumulated in the fall, His word precisely recalibrates my direction to insure the success of a journey resumed, and once all of that is completed He gently leans over and whispers, “How about another run?
Mark Haddon, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time|How much better is silence; the coffee cup, the table. How much better to sit by myself like the solitary sea-bird that opens its wings on the stake. Let me sit here for ever with bare things, this coffee cup, this knife, this fork, things in themselves, myself being myself.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, Tender Is the Night|Think how you love me," she whispered. "I don’t ask you to love me always like this, but I ask you to remember. Somewhere inside me there’ll always be the person I am to-night.
Anne Lamott, Help Thanks Wow: The Three Essential Prayers|In paintings, music, poetry, architecture, we feel the elusive energy that moves through us and the air and the ground all the time, that usually disperses and turns chaotic in our busy-ness and distractedness and moodiness. Artists channel it, corral it, make it visible to the rest of us. The best works of art are like semaphores of our experience, signaling what we didn't know was true but do now.
Sara Keddar|No achingJust numbnessSadnessThat feeling as ifU miss himBut then you realized,Maybe he wasn't yours To begin with.AndThere were no memories To Reminisce,Only pain.Because you knewFrom the very beginningHe didn't love u as muchAs you loved him.And that isthe most painfulAnd crucial part.Or maybe not.Maybe it's the truth That there isStill an ounce ofLove that shouldn'tBe there at all.Not after everything.
Rick Riordan, The Battle of the Labyrinth|The wine god sighed. 'Oh Hades if I know. But remember, boy, that a kind act can sometimes be as powerful as a sword. As a mortal, I was never a great fighter or athlete or poet. I only made wine. The people in my village laughed at me. They said I would never amount to anything. Look at me now. Sometimes small things can become very large indeed.' He left me alone to think about that. And as I watched Clarisse and Chris singing a stupid campfire song together, holding hands in the darkness, where they thought nobody could see them, I had to smile.
Shannon L. Alder|A man worth being with is one…That never lies to youIs kind to people that have hurt himA person that respects another’s lifeThat has manners and shows people respectThat goes out of his way to help peopleThat feels every person, no matter how difficult, deserves compassionWho believes you are the most beautiful person he has ever metWho brags about your accomplishments with prideWho talks to you about anything and everything because no bad news will make him love you lessThat is a peacemakerThat will see you through illnessWho keeps his promisesWho doesn’t blame others, but finds the good in them That raises you up and motivates you to reach for the starsThat doesn’t need fame, money or anything materialistic to be happyThat is gentle and patient with childrenWho won’t let you lie to yourself; he tells you what you need to hear, in order to help you growWho lives what he says he believes inWho doesn’t hold a grudge or hold onto the past Who doesn’t ask his family members to deliberately hurt people that have hurt himWho will run with your dreamsThat makes you laugh at the world and yourselfWho forgives and is quick to apologizeWho doesn’t betray you by having inappropriate conversations with other womenWho doesn’t react when he is angry, decides when he is sad or keep promises he doesn’t plan to keepWho takes his children’s spiritual life very seriously and teaches by exampleWho never seeks revenge or would ever put another person downWho communicates to solve problemsWho doesn’t play games or passive aggressively ignores people to hurt themWho is real and doesn’t pretend to be something he is notWho has the power to free you from yourself through his positive outlookWho has a deep respect for women and treats them like a daughter of GodWho doesn’t have an ego or believes he is better than anyoneWho is labeled constantly by people as the nicest person they have ever metWho works hard to provide for the familyWho doesn’t feel the need to drink alcohol to have a good time, smoke or do drugsWho doesn't have to hang out a bar with his friends, but would rather spend his time with his familyWho is morally free from sinWho sees your potential to be greatWho doesn't think a woman's place has to be in the home; he supports your life mission, where ever that takes youWho is a gentlemanWho is honest and lives with integrityWho never discusses your private business with anyoneWho will protect his familyWho forgives, forgets, repairs and restoresWhen you find a man that possesses these traits then all the little things you don’t have in common don’t matter. This is the type of man worth being grateful for.
Charles Martin|The books talked about it [the heart] as if it were a sump pump stuck down in the muck and mire of somebody’s backyard. Never in all my scientific reading did I encounter anything that talked about a broken heart. Never did I read anything about what the heart felt, how it felt or why it felt. Feeling and knowing weren’t important, only understanding
Charles Yu, Sorry Please Thank You: Stories|I don't know how, or whether it is even possible to predict what the world will look like the next day. I simply have to close my eyes, and wait until tomorrow in order to find out.
Kathy Lyons, The Bear Who Loved Me|A roll of five condoms unfurled from her hand. "I found these in your bathroom."	"Did you check the expiration date?" God knew it had been a while since he'd needed one of those.	She nodded. "We're okay, if you're okay."	"Baby," he growled. "We're headed for something exponentially better than just okay.
Lori J. Fitzgerald, Love Lies Bleeding|The first thing anybody tells you about this business is to say what makes you unique and different, but I couldn’t and the very idea of it never sat well with me and after much deliberation, I finally realized why.	Because, I’m not unique or different–I’m exactly like you and I love that.We each have a unique filter through which we interpret the world, and with this filter in place, I write stories and songs and you might find them surprising or intriguing or confronting, you may relate or you may not. They may make you laugh and sometimes, even cry.	You may or may not understand what I’m trying to say and you may not understand me, however, rest assured, once we get past the filters, at our core, we are wonderfully and beautifully, exactly the same.
|No matter how hard things get, you owe it to yourself to always find a way to persist and persevere until you are greatly rewarded for all your pain and sufferings.
Fatima Bhutto, The Shadow of the Crescent Moon|She broke my heart, so now I have to write about her forever. It made everything different. It's something that can only happen once.
Amy  Miller, Beyond Companionship: Connecting with Kindred Souls of Animal Companions.|We, animal and human, come to this time and space to have an experience embedded with our own divine purpose.
Mary E. Pearson, The Heart of Betrayal|I don't know how well I can fight, or run, or judge, but when the blade comes, I swear on whatever they want me to swear on, I'll stop it, with my body if nothing else.
Ursula K. Le Guin|In this he saw that Ogion had been right: the shadow could not draw on his power, so long as he was turned against it.
Ann Napolitano, A Good Hard Look|Hope may have a positive reputation, but it has a vicious downside. If you have hope, you can be crushed.
Deyth Banger|[Luchino] Visconti came from the Milanese branch of one of Europe’s oldest families, whose roots can be traced back to the early 13th century. He might have appeared as a character in one of his own films about the aristocracy, such as Senso or The Leopard – that’s the life he was born into. But at a certain point in the 1930s, his passion for theatre, opera and the cinema set him on a radically different path.(...)He has often been referred to as a great political artist, but that’s too limiting and frozen a description. His sense of European history was vast and he knew the lives of the rich and powerful first hand – but at a certain point he became drawn to understand the other side of life, that of the poor and powerless. He had a strong sense of the particular manner in which absolutely everyone, from the Sicilian fishermen in his neorealist classic La Terra Trema to the Venetian aristocrats in Senso, was affected by the grand movements of history.
Wendy Mills, All We Have Left|[W]hen something terrible happens, all we have left is choice. You can fill that awful void inside you with anger, or you can fill it with love for the ones who remain beside you, with hope for the future.
Charlie Kaufman, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind: The Shooting Script|CLEMENTINE: This is it, Joel. It's going to be gone soon.JOEL: I know.CLEMENTINE: What do we do?JOEL: Enjoy it.
Mary Oliver|I went down not long agoto the Mad River, under the willowsI knelt and drank from that crumpled flow, call itwhat madness you will, there's a sicknessworse than the risk of death and that'sforgetting what we should never forget.Tecumseh lived here.The wounds of the pastare ignored, but hang onlike the litter that snags among the yellow branches,newspapers and plastic bags, after the rains.Where are the Shawnee now?Do you know? Or would you have to write to Washington, and even then,whatever they said,would you believe it? SometimesI would like to paint my body red and go intothe glittering snowto die.His name meant Shooting Star.From Mad River country north to the borderhe gathered the tribesand armed them one more time. He vowedto keep Ohio and it took himover twenty years to fail.After the bloody and final fighting, at Thames,it was over, excepthis body could not be found,and you can do whatever you want with that, sayhis people came in the black leaves of the nightand hauled him to a secret grave, or thathe turned into a little boy again, and leapedinto a birch canoe and wentrowing home down the rivers. Anywaythis much I'm sure of: if we meet him, we'll know it,he will still beso angry.
N. Kazantzakis|After you cross a hurdle, it looks so easy. Sometimes, it may feel that it was always possible. However, for that feeling of euphoria, you have to slog. After all, nothing comes for free!
Mehmet Murat ildan|Postman’s bag is always heavy because it carries the life itself: It carries all the sorrows and all the joys, all the worries and all the hopes!
Evan Wright, Generation Kill: Devil Dogs, Iceman, Captain America, and the New Face of American War|She looks to be about three, the same age as his daughter at home in California...the girl's eyes are open. She seems to be cowering...Graves reaches in to pick her up- thinking about what medical supplies he might need to treat her...when the top of her head slides off and her brains fall out.
Nicole  Rae|She turned back to the door fishing her key out of her purse. Once the key was in the lock, the door flew open revealing darkness. All she had time for was a squeak before she was abruptly pulled in the house by her shirt. The door slammed shut and locked behind her with a clank of sliding metal.
Robin Bielman, Blame it on the Kiss|When I mentioned that I'd always wanted to have sex against the wall with a woman in a skirt, she said, "Well, how convenient. I just so happen to have a skirt on, and there are several walls in here.
Luther E. Vann, Elemental: The Power of Illuminated Love|Hopefully, you will glimpse something of your own life’s journey and with Elemental’s Power of Illuminated Love, possibly recognize and celebrate something you had not been able to recognize or celebrate before.
Jennifer Armentrout, Wait for You|And why was I sitting on the curb? I honestly didn’t know, but it was better than being inside my apartment, all alone. And yeah, I was alone out here, but it didn’t feel that way. I was pretty sure there was a squirrel over by the tree, so that counted for something, right?
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Dishonesty is never justified. God will never approve, and even your own conscience will rise up to condemn you sooner or later.
Pablo Picasso|Truth is the daughter of time, and I feel no shame in being her midwife.
Jorge Luis Borges, Labyrinths:  Selected Stories and Other Writings|Historical truth, for him, is not what has happened; it is what we judge to have happened.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|Many forgiven me for my missteps. I know, I'm BIG mouthed. Thank you for giving me a second chance. Because of you, I also forgive others...
Boyd K. Packer|Happiness is inseparably connected with decent, clean behavior. 
Reza Aslan, Zealot: The Life and Times of Jesus of Nazareth|The very purpose of designing the Temple of Jerusalem as a series of ever more restrictive ingressions was to maintain the priestly monopoly over who can and cannot come into the presence of God and to what degree. The sick, the lame, the leper, the "demon-possessed," menstruating women, those with bodily discharges, those who had recently given birth—none of these were permitted to enter the Temple and take part in the rituals unless first purified according to the priestly code. With every leper cleansed, every paralytic healed, every demon cast out, Jesus was not only challenging that priestly code, he was invalidating the very purpose of the priesthood.
Anonymous|You may say we made a mistake placing the birth of Jesus on December 25th. Consider this: in 3 B.C., December 25th was the eighth day of Hanukkah, the day when the greatest gift is given.... Early Christians would not have made up the date, or used a pagan festival date...the date was chosen by people who remembered﻿.
Laurie Halse Anderson, Speak|I pull my lower lip all the way in between my teeth. If I try hard enough, maybe I can gobble my whole self this way.... I didn't try hard enough to swallow myself.
B.R. Ambedkar, The Buddha and His Dhamma: A Critical Edition|When I was young, I lacked certainty, too,” he says. “I have the certainty, now, of not needing certainty. I have the certainty, of uncertainty. The peace, with being uncertain. All is good. All is holy. Whatever you choose, it can be fine. Hatred never ceases with hatred, but with love alone is healed. Rejection never ceases with rejection, but with acceptance alone is healed.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Shadow|Tex's head snapped in my direction.Fuckin' A, woman, you've never had a s'more? he boomedI shook my head.Christ, everyone's gotta have a s'more before they die. Fuck that shit, I'll build a fire in my backyard tonight and I'll stop by Kumar's on the way home to get the stuff. Everyone can come by-
Robert Neil Flieischer|Well, what of it? I've not given up thinking of death. It's true that it's high time I was dead; and that all this is nonsense. It's the truth I'm telling you. I do value my idea and my work awfully; but in reality only consider this: all this world of ours is nothing but a speck of mildew, which has grown up on a tiny planet. And for us to suppose we can have something great - ideas, work - it's all dust and ashes.
Rafael Moneo|Good architecture should be a projection of life itself, and that implies an intimate knowledge of biological, social, technical, and artistic problems.
Chris Matakas, The Tao of Jiu Jitsu|What does it mean to not be hidden from the eyes of God even in the womb? What does it say about God that He "beheld [David’s] unformed substance"? Alone in the field, far removed in both space and time from the overwhelming voices we contend with every day, David came to a remarkable revelation: He was loved simply because he existed.
D.D. Sherman, Judge Me Not|Sometimes I feel the fear of uncertainty stinging clear.And I, I can’t help but ask myself how much I let the fear take the wheel and steer.
Louis L'Amour, Ride the Dark Trail|Folks who have lived the cornered sort of life most scholars, teachers, and storekeepers live seldom realize what they've missed in the way of conversation. Some of the best talk and the wisest talk I've ever heard was around campfires, in saloons, bunkhouses, and the like. The idea that all the knowledge of the world is bound up in schools and schoolteachers is a mistaken one.
William Shakespeare|If life and youth were not immune to the corrosive effects of time, why should love be any different?
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|Have faith in yourself. All the power is in your biology already. Be conscious of that power and bring it out. Remember, truth is indestructible, virtue is indestructible, purity is indestructible.
Sean F. Hogan, Painting Angels|You are in a country that comes and goes, where the people have been mistreated but rarely oppose. Borders have changed by rulers from afar, although sometimes closer than neighbourhoods are. Their religion is sacred and the heavens smile down, but the history they keep will lead you to frown...
Jodi Picoult, The Storyteller|What he did was wrong. He doesn't deserve your love. But he does deserve your forgiveness, because otherwise he will grow like a weed in your heart until it's choked and overrun. The only person who suffers, when you squirrel away all that hate, is you.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Fear takes you low, faith takes you high, but love takes you everywhere.
Jane Thayer, The Puppy Who Wanted a Boy|Because we need each other. We complete each other. Duty works both ways. Love needs a beloved. Loyalty needs two to be loyalty. Fidelity is nothing without someone to be faithful to. Every dog needs a human, and every human needs a dog.
Debasish Mridha|It is uncertainty which fills life with beauty, excitement, and joy.
Arthur C. Clarke|Good looks are not something you earn. But as you get older, how you look is a reflection of the life you've led.
Julia Fierro, The Gypsy Moth Summer|the fighting machines that kept the country safe, and, the coffers full.
Kurt Vonnegut|I discovered that the horse is life itself, a metaphor but also an example of life's mystery and unpredictability, of life's generosity and beauty, a worthy object of repeated and ever changing contemplation.
Jim George, The Bare Bones Bible Handbook: 10 Minutes to Understanding Each Book of the Bible|Faith, prayer, and the Word of God are the weapons God provides you with to fight spiritual battles.
Georgette Heyer, Frederica|The idea began to sink in, more than it ever had, that I might be crazy, in the traditional sense of the word. That I might be, forever and ever amen, a Crazy Person. That's what we'd suspected all along, what I'd been working so hard to disprove, what might be true. I preferred, by far, being dead.
Jiddu Krishnamurti, The Book of Life|To be free, you have to examine authority, the whole skeleton of authority, tearing to pieces the whole dirty thing. And that requires energy, actual physical energy, and also it demands psychological energy. By the energy is destroyed, is wasted when one is in conflict. So when there is the understanding of the whole process of conflict, there is the ending of conflict, there is abundance of energy. Then you can proceed tearing the house that you have built throughout the centuries and that has no meaning at all. You know, to destroy is to create. We must destroy, not the buildings, not the social or economic system, - this comes about daily – but the psychological, the unconscious and the rationally, individually, deeply and superficially. We must tear through all that to be utterly defenseless, because you must be defenseless to love and have affection. Then you see and understand ambition, authority, and you begin to see when authority is necessary and at what level. Then there is no authority of learning, no authority of knowledge, no authority of capacity; no authority that function assumes and which becomes status. To understand all authority – of the gurus, of the Masters, and others – requires a very sharp mind, a clear brain, not a muddy brain, not a dull brain.
S.G|Enjoy memories of the past, cherish every moment of present and focus on your future achievement
Peter Watts, Blindsight|When I began to do a little public speaking, one of the questions I heard most often was, "What good is science fiction to Black people?" I was usually asked this by a Black person...What good is science fiction's thinking about the present, the future, and the past? What good is its tendency to warn or to consider alternative ways of thinking and doing? What good is its examination of the possible effects of science and technology, or social organization and political direction? At its best, science fiction stimulates imagination and creativity. It gets reader and writer off the beaten track, off the narrow, narrow footpath of what "everyone" is saying, doing, thinking -- whoever "everyone" happens to be this year.And what good is all this to Black people?
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|Because there’s a silent, shrugging, stoical acceptance of all the things in the world we can never be part of: shorts, swimming pools, strappy dresses, country walks, roller-skating, ra-ra skirts, vest tops, high heels, rope climbing, sitting on a high stool, walking past building sites, flirting, being kissed, feeling confident. And ever losing weight, ever. The idea of suggesting we don’t have to be fat –that things could change –is the most distant and alien prospect of all. We’re fat now and we’ll be fat forever and we must never, ever mention it, and that is the end of it. It’s like Harry Potter’s Sorting Hat. We were pulled from the hat marked ‘Fat’ and that is what we must now remain, until we die. Fat is our race. Our species. Our mode. As a result, there is very little of the outside world –and very little of the year –we can enjoy. Summer is sweaty under self-conscious layers. On stormy days, wind flattens skirts against thighs, and alarms both us and, we think, onlookers and passers-by. Winter is the only time we feel truly comfortable: covered head to toe in jumpers, coats, boots and hat. I develop a crush on Father Christmas. If I married him, not only would I be expected to stay fat, but I’d look thin standing next to him, in comparison. Perspective would be my friend. We all dream of moving to Norway, or Alaska, where we could wear massive padded coats all the time, and never reveal an inch of flesh. When it rains, we’re happiest of all. Then we can just stay in, away from everyone, in our pyjamas, and not worry about anything. The brains in jars can stay inside, nice and dry.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The dead souls will say, “how lucky are the living souls.
Marie Sexton|You can’t control what others think. The only thing you can control is yourself. Some people will look down on you for your choices in life, no matter what they are. You can’t do anything about that. The only thing you can do is decide how to live your own life. And to hell with everybody else
Hans-Ulrich Obrist|I founded a club, which is called the Brutally Early Club. It's basically a breakfast salon for the 21st century where art meets science meets architecture meets literature.
Stefan Emunds, The Second Coming of Jesus Christ - A Short Story|The soul is imbued with a yearning that is carried, like a torch, from incarnation to incarnation. It burns with a curiosity about life and it’s true identity. Souls live, strive, and evolve, driven to seeking the truth about the world and themselves.
Harvey Milk|It comes to this then: there always have been people like me and always will be, and generally they have been persecuted.
Jack Canfield|When it comes to discrimination, Americans pride ourselves on how far we've come. Racial segregation is history. Explicit sex discrimination is banned. Same-sex marriage is the law of the land. But amidst all the progress, the male-female wage gap persists, and it's big.
Lara Casey, Cultivate: A Grace-Filled Guide to Growing an Intentional Life|She believed she couldn't, so God did.
Teodor Flonta, A Luminous Future|The cane leaves a mark on your flesh for a few hours, a day or two. The good answers to the questions leave a mark on your brain for many years, sometimes even for life,” my father said.
Nana Awere Damoah, Through the Gates of Thought|My cardinal belief is that it is the natives of the land that till the land best, with passion and meaning. The advanced nations of this world built their countries by the sweat of their indigenes.
Derek Landy, Death Bringer|I swear, talking to you is like talking to a really good-looking and mildly stupid brick wall.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|It is important to realize that a person with the gift of discernment can often tell the difference between what is of God and what is not. Such a person can often point out false teachings or false teachers—he has an almost uncanny ability to perceivehypocrisy, shallowness, deceit, or phoniness.
Lili St. Crow, Strange Angels|Walking away from my desert companions feels like cutting off a limb. How does one say good-bye to an arm? One doesn't, I suppose. One pretends it isn't happening.
Neil Gaiman, Season of Mists|Why do they blame me for all their little failings? They use my name as if I spent my entire days sitting on their shoulders, forcing them to commit acts they would otherwise find repulsive. 'The devil made me do it.' I have never made one of them do anything. Never. They live their own tiny lives. I do not live their lives for them.
Anna Kamieńska|I write in order to comprehend, not to express myself.
Jim Butcher, Changes|You're such a cynic," Molly said."I think cynics are playful and cute.
Michael Haneke|I like the multiplicity of books, because each book is different in the mind of each reader. It's the same with this film - if 300 people are in a cinema watching it, they will all see a different film, so in a way there are thousands of different versions of "Caché (Hidden)". The point being that, despite what TV shows us, and what the news stories tell us, there is never just one truth, there is only personal truth.
Daniel Ehrenhaft, Friend Is Not a Verb|So what if I don't learn algebra?''Someday schools will be open again,' Mom said. 'Things will be normal. You need to do your work now for when that happens.''That's never going to happen,' Jon said. 'And even if schools do open up somewhere, they're not going to open up here. There aren't enough people left.' 'We don't know how many people are like us, holed up, making do until times get better.''I bet whoever they are, they aren't studying algebra,' Jon said.
George MacDonald, A Dish of Orts|Indeed, a man is rather being thought than thinking, when a new thought arises in his mind.
Rosa Brooks, How Everything Became War and the Military Became Everything: Tales from the Pentagon|We prefer to imagine brutal wars and atrocities as events that "just happen" every now and then, much like tornadoes or lightning strikes; this metaphor suggests that we can't generalize from them, since they are radically discontinuous with ordinary life. But wars and atrocities do not "just happen": societies and individuals slide into them, little by little, one tiny decision or omission at a time. (p214)
Jeremy Pierre, The Dynamic Heart in Daily Life: Connecting Christ to Human Experience|In our sin, we’d rather trust in ourselves than another, amass our own righteousness than receive another’s, speak our own mind rather than listen to someone else.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Great is the Lord’s provisions. Even in times of famine, we have more than enough to eat.
Arnold Schwarzenegger|America was first colonized by Puritans. Most of our earliest immigrants, and many since, have come here in order to practice their religious beliefs as they please. Our culture has always been, and will most likely always be, profoundly influenced by religion.
Joyce Meyer|When I'm getting to know someone, I look for someone who has passions that I respect, like his career. Someone who loves what he does is really attractive.
Pema Chödrön, Living Beautifully: with Uncertainty and Change|Sitting meditation, walking meditation, and mindful eating are good opportunities for resting. When you feel agitated, if you are able to go to a park or a garden, it is an opportunity for rest. If you walk slowly and remember to take it easy, if you are able to sit and do nothing from time to time, you can rest deeply and enter a state of true ease.
Sharon E. Rainey, The Best Part of My Day Healing Journal|I have learned through repeated experiences that in order to heal, I MUST forgive. The forgiveness is not for the transgressor. The forgiveness is for ME.
Seth Shostak|While human space travel is daunting, machines - with their indefinitely long lifetimes - could travel the galaxy. It might make little difference to them that bridging the distance from one star to the next could take hundreds of thousands of years or more.
Meia Geddes, The Little Queen|Resist the devil and he will flee from you.” I knew right then what I had to do. I went straight home, got down on my knees and prayed...
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|There lay between them, separating them, that same terrible line of the unknown and of fear, like the line separating the living from the dead.
Milan Kundera, Testaments Betrayed: An Essay in Nine Parts|Brod was a brilliant intellectual with exceptional energy; a generous man willing to do battle for others; his attachment to Kafka was warm and disinterested. The only problem was his artistic orientation: a man of ideas, he knew nothing of the passion for form; his novels (he wrote twenty of them) are sadly conventional; and above all: he understood nothing at all about modern art.Why, despite all this, was Kafka so fond of him? What about you-do you stop being fond of your best friend because he has a compulsion to write bad verse?
Okky Madasari|It is wrong to divide the nation white against black, native born against immigrant or one religion against another. It is also wrong to divide people by income. East Germany was not an improvement over South Africa. Obama divides Americans against each other. This is wrong.
Emily Oster|I always had short hair, and I hated my short hair. I was always mistaken for a boy, but my mom wouldn't let me change my hair because she was always chasing me around with a hairbrush, and it was always tangled, so she just would cut it off, and she's right: short hair did suit me.
T.K. Naliaka|And the two essential and indispensable things are first of all intelligence in the right most sense of that word and goodwill or the old fashion word charity/love, I mean these two things have to go hand in hand. Intelligence and knowledge without charity or goodwill would perhaps be inhuman and goodwill or charity undirected by intelligence or knowledge would be either impotent or misguided, the two have to go together.
Sidney Poitier|Again, in Wag the Dog, war has to be declared by an act of congress. But if you go to war, you don't have to declare war. You're just at war and we did that, which is not legal.
P.G. Wodehouse, Mike and Psmith|Mike nodded. A sombre nod. The nod Napoleon might have given if somebody had met him in 1812 and said, "So, you're back from Moscow, eh?
Julie Buxbaum, What to Say Next|You look beautiful even when you cry. I mean, not that you don’t look beautiful when you’re happy. Of course, you’re beautiful all the time. But out there in the snow, you were stunning.
Michael Pollan, The Omnivore's Dilemma: A Natural History of Four Meals|Like Cheyenne Mountain, today's fast good conceals remarkable technological advances behind an ordinary-looking façade.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|In my dream, people apologized for things that were about to happen, and lit candles by inhaling.
Anthony Hamilton|The two most important requirements for major success are: first, being in the right place at the right time, and second, doing something about it.
Anonymous|It's hard to answer the question "what's wrong?" when nothing is right.
Todd Stocker, Leading from the Gut: 3 Power Principles of Effective Leaders|If you can believe it, the mind can achieve it.
Pseudonymous Bosch, The Name of This Book Is Secret|I want to rip off your logic and make passionate sense to you. I want to ride in the swing of your hips. My fingers will dig in you like quotation marks, blazing your limbs into parts of speech.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|God loves our attention, sometimes adversity is away to draw us closer to Him.
John Steinbeck, Cannery Row|It was deeply a part of Lee's kindness and understanding that man's right to kill himself is inviolable, but sometimes a friend can make it unnecessary
Stevens Rakgogo|As history of any kind will tell us, when human beings get an opportunity to express their individual selves, a few selves will go completely over the top.
Jalaluddin Rumi, Bridge to the Soul: Journeys Into the Music and Silence of the Heart|We seem to live in a world where you have to walk around grinning like a loon. I can’t understand all the fuss about Mona Lisa painting, everyone wondering why she’s not smiling, if she’s depressed or heartbroken. No, she was just normal!Emotions are always extreme these days: you either have to be crying with laughter or crying in pain. No wonder water levels are rising. It’s not global warming, it’s all the tears from crying.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Whatever you find to be very difficult for you, believe it that it’s never difficult if you do something little about it every day!
Forrest  Carr, A Journal of the Crazy Year|We don’t go in for that psychodynamic stuff around here. Those guys will talk you to death, clean out your bank account while they are doing it, and then invite you to come back and express your innermost feelings about being broke.
Debasish Mridha|True success is there when a person has the ability to lose himself or herself in the search of knowledge and wisdom by using love, joy, and gratitude. On the other hand, societal success comes from the progressive realizations of worthy goals.
J.F.C. Fuller|If in the place of God we write “Reality”, “Nature”, “Unknowable”, or “Zero”, it matters not one whit; the equation is just as obscure; for all we have done is to replace a by b, c, d, or e, not knowing what these letters mean. The symbol has changed, but what it symbolizes remains as inscrutable.
P.K. Page|Love has no age, race, wealth, ethnic bakground, gender, or appearence. Love is love and that's the way it's supposed to be.
José N. Harris|...the true value of an offering isn't measured by how much we give. It's measured by how much we keep...By definition, a sacrifice must involve sacrifice...
Stephenie Meyer, New Moon|And that was the point I knew I just loved this filthy, ugly, loquacious man in a fur coat, who would spend the day roaming all over town, looking for bright lights, and laughter - and then at night come on stage, and unbutton two buttons on his waistcoat, with his clumsy, fat fingers, and show you his heart beneath.
Vladimir Nabokov, Glory|Most of the brain's work is done while the brain's owner is ostensibly thinking about something else, so sometimes you have to deliberately find something else to think and talk about.
Imraan Coovadia, Tales of the Metric System|It’s splendid how much at home we feel at Pignol’s. A tacit complicity at every moment prevails among the regulars here. A process of self-selection operates: starving crooks, thirsty whores, witless grasses working for low-grade cops, middle- class types a bit too willing to conform (leaving aside the pound of black-market meat and the camembert without ration tickets) - all feel too ill at ease here. They’ve only got to stay away. Along with anyone else who doesn’t meet the requirements of this establishment: first and foremost, to keep your trap shut. The war? Past history. The Krauts? Don’t know any. Russia? Change at Reaumur. The police? There was a time when they were needed for directing the traffic. At Pignol’s, silence constitutes the most important, most difficult and lengthiest induction ordeal.After that, it’s a matter of imponderables. It works according to the rule of three: the people who don’t get along with the people that I get along with are people I can’t get along with. Syllogisms, of course. Now clear out!
Vincent van Gogh, Cartas a Theo|One of the most beautiful things to do is to paint darkness, which nevertheless has light in it.
Priyavrat Thareja|Communication...it is a difficult optimisation. Structurally, it gets founded over words, organised around thoughts. Words are difficult to come through, successfully, amid the thought process. The thought process in right manifestation gives rise to communication.
Stephen Richards|Do not avoid doing what you love because you fear that it will only result in poverty or lack. If you fear this, then this is exactly what will happen.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|Glow wherever you go and let the light of God reflect in the world around you. You carry the light of God and wherever you pass, darkness must flee.
Kelsey Ketch, Daughter of Isis|I’ve decided she’s worthy of something more special, something worthy of my powers.
Amy Lane, Vulnerable|I looked at Adrian’s eyes, beautiful, mesmerizing. Not human. I didn’t feellonely at all. “You’ll take me places?” I asked. His answer was important, eventhough my decision was already made.“You can’t imagine where we’ll go.” He said, sincerely.
Ted Deutch|That's the big mistake the environmental movement made - 'We'll scare the hell out of you, and you'll become an activist'.
Mohsin Ali Shaukat|Sometimes I'm in a mood like a Maths problem such as "If you have 4 pencils and 7 apples, how many pancakes will fit on the roof? Purple, because aliens don't wear hats".
Matshona Dhliwayo|Peace gives you the world, laughter gives you the sky, joy gives you the world, and love gives you the universe.
Michael  Grant, Gone|Whenever you are asked if you can do a job, tell 'em, 'Certainly I can!' Then get busy and find out how to do it.
Kelseyleigh Reber, If I Resist|I can see her struggling to find the right word. Death seems so harsh. Passing so oblique. Some things are beyond words, I suppose, and she never finishes the statement. It seems right, that her words should fall into oblivion; after all, she—like me, like everyone—has no words for what follows, for the unknowable, only her hopes and prayers and an unwavering faith in something more.
Debbie Harry|I'm working on artificial intelligence. Actually, natural language understanding, which is to get computers to understand the meaning of documents.
Daven Anderson, Vampire Syndrome|The fear is like metal on my tongue—I’ve known him but a fragment of time, and yet I’m certain if I accept his suit, it will destroy a part of me when he leaves.”Keir reached forward to tuck her hair behind her ear. “We’re all a little broken.” Quiet. Potent. “No one goes through life with a whole heart.
Emily St. John Mandel, Station Eleven|Everyone else reached the Shores of Sleep, but I remained oceans away.
Brett Ratner|When I was 20, I thought I was 30 - but I was so far from it. When you're young, you want everything to happen now. As you mature, you can look back and see all the great things you achieved with time and patience.
Terry Pratchett, Sourcery|That was the message. For me, alone among mortals, the gods send their messenger to tell me to stop whining. That’ll teach me to go hide in a temple.
J.L. Sheppard, Heavenly Desire|I can’t let it happen. I can’t risk it. I have to protect you, and I will. With every breath in me, I will.
Donald Glover|'The Story of Us' is about running into someone I had been in a relationship with at an awards show, and we were seated a few seats away from each other. I just wanted to say to him, 'Is this killing you? Because it's killing me.' But I didn't. Because I couldn't. Because we both had these silent shields up.
Aprilynne Pike, Wings|Laurel, David? Would you like to share the joke with the rest of the class?" he asked, one hand on his skinny hip.
Wendell Berry|This entire time I've been thinking about where my home was. At first it was California, then Wisconsin. But in truth, home isn't necessarily where you sleep at night. It's where you feel like yourself. Where you're most comfortable. Where you don't have to pretend, where you can just be you.
G.K. Chesterton, Heretics|The truth is that exploration and enlargement make the world smaller. The telegraph and the steamboat make the world smaller. The telescope makes the world smaller; it is only the microscope that makes it larger. Before long the world will be cloven with a war between the telescopists and the microscopists. The first study large things and live in a small world; the second study small things and live in a large world. It is inspiriting without doubt to whizz in a motor-car round the earth, to feel Arabia as a whirl of sand or China as a flash of rice-fields. But Arabia is not a whirl of sand and China is not a flash of rice-fields. They are ancient civilizations with strange virtues buried like treasures. If we wish to understand them it must not be as tourists or inquirers, it must be with the loyalty of children and the great patience of poets. To conquer these places is to lose them.
Jill Telford|Courtney’s emotions had always been controlled and steady, logical and levelheaded. But around Brett, it was like she was on a high-speed roller coaster with steep drops and corkscrew turns, and she never wanted to get off.
Huston Smith, The World's Religions: Our Great Wisdom Traditions|The disciples of Jesus “found themselves thinking that if divine goodness were to manifest itself in human form, this (he) is how it would behave… he invited people to see differently instead of telling them what to do or believe…he located the authority of his teaching in his hearer’s hearts, not in himself or God-as-removed.
|Every circle of people should follow the footsteps of some great sports teams, who always work together as one for the victory of everyone.
Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse|We need music," Nico said. "How's your singing?""Um, no. Can't you just, like, tell it to open? You're the son of Hades and all.""It's not so easy. We need music."I was pretty sure if I tried to sing, all I would cause was an avalanche.
David Ray Griffin|Prejudice of any kind implies that you are identified with the thinking mind. It means you don’t see the other human being anymore, but only your own concept of that human being. To reduce the aliveness of another human being to a concept is already a form of violence.
Ernesto Che Guevara, The Motorcycle Diaries: Notes on a Latin American Journey|At night, after the exhausting games of canasta, we would look out over the immense sea, full of white-flecked and green reflections, the two of us leaning side by side on the railing, each of us far away, flying in his own aircraft to the stratospheric regions of our own dreams. There we understood that our vocation, our true vocation, was to move for eternity along the roads and seas of the world. Always curious, looking into everything that came before our eyes, sniffing out each corner but only ever faintly - not setting down roots in any land or staying long enough to see the substratum of things; the outer limits would suffice.
Sonal Panse, The Sunshine Time: Season 1 Episode 4|Why should I ignore them? In my own house? Spiteful snobs! I’ve appalling taste, do I? I’m skeletal, am I? Anyone would look skeletal next to them. They are both starting to look like porkers! As soon as I go down, I’m going to mention it. I’m going to particularly point out Isolde’s thunder thighs. I suppose it’s appalling good taste to display them in such tight jeans. I’m going to ask how she even got into those pants without splitting the seams.
Auliq Ice|THE GAP: Closed-Mindedness can create it, Narrow-Mindedness can widen it, Open-Mindedness can close it, Like-Mindedness… Will Bridge It!
Feisal Abdul Rauf|Conquered, we conquer.
Charlotte  Pearson, Mummy Fever: Mission Accomplished|I had to ask Scottie what TYVM meant, because now that I’ve narrowed into her activities, I notice she is constantly text-messaging her friends, or at least I hope it’s her friends and not some perv in a bathrobe.“Thank you very much,” Scottie said, and for some reason, the fact that I didn’t get this made me feel completely besieged. It’s crazy how much fathers are supposed to know these days. I come from the school of thought where a dad’s absence is something to be counted on. Now I see all the men with camouflage diaper bags and babies hanging from their chests like little ship figureheads. When I was a young dad, I remember the girls sort of bothered me as babies, the way everyone raced around to accommodate them. The sight of Alex in her stroller would irritate me at times—she’d hang one of her toddler legs over the rim of the safety bar and slouch down in the seat. Joanie would bring her something and she’d shake her head, then Joanie would try again and again until an offering happened to work and Alex would snatch it from her hands. I’d look at Alex, finally complacent with her snack, convinced there was a grown person in there, fooling us all. Scottie would just point to things and grunt or scream. It felt like I was living with royalty. I told Joanie I’d wait until they were older to really get into them, and they grew and grew behind my back.
Stephen E. Ambrose, Band of Brothers: E Company, 506th Regiment, 101st Airborne from Normandy to Hitler's Eagle's Nest|Within Easy Company they had made the best friends they had ever had, or would ever have. They were prepared to die for each other; more important, they were prepared to kill for each other.
Laurieann Gibson|I believe it's extremely important to include some other type of fitness activity in your training, so cross training will help you to avoid injury when you are dancing.
William Kittredge|How do you go to your own house when something has gone bad on the inside, when it doesn't seem like your place to live anymore, when you almost cannot recall living there although it was the place you mostly ate and slept for all your grown-up life? Try to remember two or three things about living there. Try to remember cooking one meal.
Thomas Malory, Le Morte d'Arthur|Yet some men say in many parts of England that King Arthur is not dead, but had by the will of our Lord Jesu into another place; and men say that he shall come again, and he shall win the holy cross.
Leigh Bardugo, Six of Crows|I need someone who can be invisible, who can become a ghost. Do you think you can do that?"I'm already a ghost, she thought. I died in the hold of a slaver ship."i think so.
Jon Morrison, Clear Minds & Dirty Feet: A Reason to Hope, a Message to Share|Think about it. Before the creation of the world, before anything or anyone existed, there was a living, loving God. There is not chaos at the centre. There is a Father. The emptiness our earthly fathers have left in us should not be a deterrent from God but rather an invitation to have our needs fulfilled by him in the deepest part of our being.
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|They have been having sex for eighteen months now (he realizes he has to make himself stop counting, as if his sexual life is a prison term, and he is working toward its completion).
Unarine Ramaru|Something that is set can be broken, so are society standards and limits.
Jeannette Walls, Half Broke Horses|It (the sun) didn't really care how I felt, it was going to rise and set regardless of whether I noticed it, and if I was going to enjoy it, that was up to me.
Orhan Pamuk|After all, if you really aren't trying to get anywhere else in this moment, patience takes care of itself.
Jan Moran, Scent of Triumph|In short, superheroes balance the forces of light and dark, rage and serenity, and the sacred and the profane within themselves and from it forge an identity that is powerful and purposeful.
Dada Bhagwan|If ‘pratikraman’ happens immediately [as the mistake happen], then it will bring one in the state of God (Bhagwan-pad).
Carrie Brownstein, Hunger Makes Me a Modern Girl|Back then, I was still just a fan of music. And to be a fan of music also meant to be a fan of cities, of places. Regionalism—and the creative scenes therein—played an important role in the identification and contextualization of a sound or aesthetic. Music felt married to place, and the notion of “somewhere” predated the Internet’s seeming invention of “everywhere” (which often ends up feeling like “nowhere”)
Washington Irving|Gosnell turned almost no one away from the Women’s Medical Society clinic. This is not meant as a compliment. Repentant Gosnell employee Adrienne Moton testified he would perform abortions on any girls or women with no concern about the age of their babies. The only times she could recall Gosnell refusing to perform an abortion was when somebody’s Social Security number couldn’t be verified. In those cases, Gosnell was worried that the “patient” was an undercover cop.
Tim Farrington|It was his wedding day, and then it was any day; it was nothing, and then it was forever.
K.Y. Robinson|if you eat menand still feel like you’re starving, you’re craving something that they cannot give.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Indeed, the probabilities are that the more insincere the man is, the more purely intellectual will the idea be, as in that case it will not be coloured by either his wants, his desires, or his prejudices.
RVM|There are many who live Life in Fear, without taking risks. They don’t take chances. Alas! Not only are they missing chances, they are missing Life itself!
J. N. HALM, CUSTOMER ROMANCE: A New Feel of Customer Service|Customers, like spouses, can be at your beck and call if you give them what they need, when they need it and how they need it. Massage their ego and you have them by the heart.
Julia Arnold, Clash of the Couples|Being a mother gives you a singular sort of vision, a prism through which you can see your child with many different faces all at once. It is the reason you can watch him shatter a ceramic lamp, and still remember him as an angel.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Silence|My friend, I am not what I seem. Seeming is but a garment I wear — a care-woven garment that protects me from thy questionings and thee from my negligence. The "I" in me, my friend, dwells in the house of silence, and therein it shall remain for ever more, unperceived, unapproachable.
Agatha Christie, The Mysterious Mr. Quin|... suppose if something very terrible had happened, so terrible as to be almost unbearable, one might get like that. One might run away from reality into a half world of one's own and then, of course, after a time, one wouldn't be able to get back...
Karl Marx, Wage-Labour and Capital/Value, Price and Profit|Old McDonald had a restaurant,E, I, E, I, O,And in that restaurant was some beef,E, I, E, I, O,With a moo moo here,And a moo moo there.Here a moo, there a moo,Everywhere a moo moo cholesterol filled death trap burger.
Charles Bukowski|Ya got cigarettes?” she asks. “Yes,” I say,“I got cigarettes.” “Matches?” she asks.“Enough to burn Rome.” “Whiskey?”“Enough whiskey for a Mississippi River of pain.” “You drunk?” “Not yet.
Hermann Hesse|And some day there will be nothing left of everything that has twisted my life and grieved it and filled me so often with such anguish. Some day, with the last exhaustion, peace will come and the motherly earth will gather me back home. It won't be the end of things, only a way of being born again, a bathing and a slumbering where the old and the withered sink down, where the young and new begin to breathe. Then, with other thoughts, I will walk along streets like these, and listen to streams, and overhear what the sky says in the evening, over and over and over.
Sanober  Khan, A touch, a tear, a tempest|I am a tale, I am a book, written in different languages and styles I can’t be read, can’t be understood,neither by me nor the greatest of minds I am too big, I am too small, to be processed or seen by the naked eyeI am too dim, I am too bright, to appear in the shadows or the sunshine.
Jerome K. Jerome, Three Men in a Boat|It always does seem to me that I am doing more work than I should do. It is not that I object to the work, mind you; I like work: it fascinates me. I can sit and look at it for hours. I love to keep it by me: the idea of getting rid of it nearly breaks my heart.You cannot give me too much work; to accumulate work has almost become a passion with me: my study is so full of it now, that there is hardly an inch of room for any more. I shall have to throw out a wing soon.And I am careful of my work, too. Why, some of the work that I have by me now has been in my possession for years and years, and there isn’t a finger-mark on it. I take a great pride in my work; I take it down now and then and dust it. No man keeps his work in a better state of preservation than I do.But, though I crave for work, I still like to be fair. I do not ask for more than my proper share.
Rollo May, The Courage to Create|Awareness of freedom and responsibility creates anxiety, which is also referred to as anguish or angst. Aspects of romantic attachments can relieve anxieties. For example, Mario Mikulincer et al. argue that loving relationships can act as a "death-anxiety buffering mechanism", since the sense of security, protection, comfort, self-esteem, and social validation that close relationships provide may serve as defensive devices with respect to existential anxiety about the threat of mortality.
Sebastian Thrun|Students teach all sorts of things but most importantly they make explicit the courage that it takes to be a learner, the courage it takes to open yourself to the transformative power of real learning and that courage I am exposed to almost every day at MIT and that I'm deeply grateful for.
Graham Greene, The End of the Affair|disappointment had to be postponed, hope kept alive as long as possible;
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|I remember hearing years ago about a centenarian being interviewed on her birthday. She was asked, “Throughout your life, you have witnessed amazing change and innovation. The past one-hundred years have brought the inventions of the car, television, air conditioning, and microwave ovens. What is the most extraordinary change you have seen in your lifetime?” Without missing a beat, she replied, “That a teenager can say “suck” in front of their parents and get away with it!” While cultural norms may have changed with the times, being considerate of fellow human beings is not an antiquated notion; its time hasn't ended. Quite the opposite is true. In our world today, kindness and politeness are needed more than ever.
Lyssa Danehy deHart, StoryJacking: Change Your Inner Dialogue, Transform Your Life|As the expert in knowing yourself, you get to decide what you want to explore in your internal landscape.
Lauren Beukes, The Shining Girls|Be careful who you trust, the devil was once an angel.
Maisey Yates, Unexpected|Hi.” He turned and saw Kelsey standing in the door of the kitchen, looking . . . Well, she wasglowing. That pregnant woman glow, maybe? Or just the sun hitting her face at the right time. Eitherway, she looked hot, and he noticed
T.E. Lawrence|We start each day with a blank sheet of paper in front of us, and what we write on it is up to us.
Cherise Sinclair, Club Shadowlands|A little insecurity in a submissive wasn’t a bad thing, but her doubts shouldn’t be whether the Dominant cared.
Thomas S. Monson|May we muster courage at the crossroads, courage for the conflicts, courage to say, "no," courage to say, "yes," for courage counts. 
Paula Szuchman |They ask - "How much money is too much money?"The answer always is - "A little more!
David Packard|Wealth often takes away chances from men as well as poverty. There is none to tell the rich to go on striving, for a rich man makes the law that hallows and hollows his own life.
Fulton J. Sheen|Wherever an altar is found, there civilization exists.
Charles T. Canady|We should recognize that nationalism does not mean discriminating against people of a different nationality. It simply means not allowing such people to seize our political power, for only when we Han are in control politically do we have a nation.
Ariana Carruth, Love for Our Afflictions: Allowing Pain to Pave the Way to Peace|Some part of me broke in prayer that morning, and some part of me was reborn as I gave myself fully and completely to prayer and to God in that moment.
Story Shares|Literacy is a fundamental life skill, one that serves as a portal to knowledge and a lifetime of opportunity.
Shykia Bell, CAMILEON: Beyond The Veil|The warmth of your heart is tauntingly near, but you reserve it as you shut me out in the lizard of your doubt. Is it because you don't understand the freakish assembly of my soul, a soul that was once broken? In some ways I guess I don't blame you. if I had the opportunity to avoid the vague horizon of my future, I would. But these are the cards I've been dealt and I still don't know all the rules of the game. My burden is heavy and becomes harder to bear each day. I know I have the ability to endure it alone if I really persevere, but I prefer a steady hand to help guide me along the way and maybe even hold me in times of uncertainty.
Stevan V. Nikolic, Truth According to Michael|Bailey took an exasperated breath and sat up in the seat. “You can’t reason with a teenage girl.”Elise’s eyebrow shot up. “Bailey, you’re a teenage girl.”“Exactly.
Chris Burkmenn|People will have their opinions of you, but you must be able to distinguish theirs from yours.
Harold Holzer, Lincoln and the Power of the Press: The War for Public Opinion|All earth's candles cannot make daylight if the Sun of Righteousness be eclipsed. He is the soul of our soul, the light of our light, the life of our life.
Heather M. Orgeron, Boomerangers|I find blow jobs to be highly respectable. In fact, I can’t think of many things I respect more than your lips around my cock.
Alan Jacobs, Socrates Without Tears|The reason that extended solitude seemed so hard to endure was not that we missed others but that we began to wonder if we ourselves were present, because for so long our existence depended upon assurances from them.
Daniel Humm|But I can only take so much TV, because there is so much advice. I find people will preach about virtually anything - your diet, how to live your life, how to improve your golf. The lot. I have always had a thing against the Mister Know-It-Alls.
Pawan Mehra|Sometimes, the common reason for fights in a strong relationship is only the lack of having attention from the loving on
Sully Tarnish, The Dragon and the Apprentice: A Wizard's Wager|How does one have a duel with a dragon? Well, since they live high up in the mountains, and getting all the way up there can be quite a nuisance indeed, one just has to ring the guest bell the dragons rather politely placed at the bottom many years ago when very incensed farmers kept appearing with complaints about their dwindling livestock. Dragons jokingly refer to it as “their dinner bell.
Eric Schmidt i Jared Cohen|Permit no man to make a mockery of you just because you may not be proficient in something. Remember you are gifted no matter how insignificant it may be, it's your prized possession, value it
Michael Monroe, Afterlife|Dale’s face is older. Just a little. Around the eyes and mouth. The skin of his neck. The back of his hands. Maybe not, he thinks, turning on the faucet, letting the water grow warm then hot.	He begins shaving his lubricated chin and cheeks. Chrysalis hibernation slows things down, but it doesn't stop them, not all together, and he finds himself to currently resemble something between a derelict and a college student, neither one ringing particularly desirable in his present mood.
Morgan Rhodes, Falling Kingdoms|We all have our own stories. The story you tell about yourself, even if you only tell it to yourself, drives your actions and has a significant impact on your focus.
Michael J. Kannengieser, The Daddy Rock|There is a sacred calling on your life, and the question is: Will you spend your life flittering and fluttering about or take the time and really heed that call and create your own path to your highest good?...You cannot let other people define your life for you. You are the author of your own life...Real power is when you are doing exactly what you are supposed to be doing, the best it can be done. Authentic power. There's a surge, there's a kind of energy field that says, "I'm in my groove, I'm in my groove." And nobody has to tell you, "You go, girl," because you know you're already gone.
S.A. Tawks, Misadventurous|How many miles to Babylon?Three score and ten!Can I get there by candle light?Yes, and back again?
Scott Lynch, Red Seas Under Red Skies|That's a sweet piece," said Jean, briefly forgetting to be aggravated. "You didn't snatch that off a street.""No," said Locke, before taking another deep draught of the warm water in the decanter. "I got it from the neck of the governor's mistress.""You can't be serious.""In the governor's manor.""Of all the -" "In the governor's bed.""Damned lunatic!""With the governor sleeping next to her."The night quiet was broken by the high, distant trill of a whistle, the traditional swarming noise of city watches everywhere. Several other whistles joined in a few moments later."It is possible," said Locke with a sheepish grin, "that I have been slightly too bold.
Robert Redford|I used to think that cyberspace was fifty years away. What I thought was fifty years away, was only ten years away. And what I thought was ten years away... it was already here. I just wasn't aware of it yet.
Meir Soloveichik|When you've finished reading every last thing by a famous writer, literary convention holds that you move on to his or her letters, the DVD extras peddled by publishers.
Robert M. Price|Vicious actions are not hurtful because they are forbidden, but forbidden because they are hurtful.
Henry Miller|While the Census Bureau already has a legal obligation to keep people's information confidential, we all know that in an age of cyber attacks and computer hacking that ensuring people's privacy can be difficult.
Sunday Adelaja|Use your knowledge and physical strength. You have the opportunity today, start living for Him
George Carlin|Religion has actually convinced people that there's an invisible man living in the sky who watches everything you do, every minute of every day. And the invisible man has a special list of ten things he does not want you to do. And if you do any of these ten things, he has a special place, full of fire and smoke and burning and torture and anguish, where he will send you to live and suffer and burn and choke and scream and cry forever and ever 'til the end of time!But He loves you. He loves you, and He needs money! He always needs money! He's all-powerful, all-perfect, all-knowing, and all-wise, somehow just can't handle money!
Werner Von Braun|Everything science has taught me strengthens my belief in the continuity of our spiritual existence after death. I believe in an immortal soul. Science has proved that nothing disintegrates into nothingness. Life and soul, therefore, cannot disintegrate into nothingness, and so are immortal.
Friedrich Nietzsche, A Nietzsche Reader|Without the errors which are active in every psychical pleasure and displeasrue a humanity would never have come into existence--whose fundamental feeling is and remains that man is the free being in a world of unfreedom, the external miracle worker whether he does good or ill, the astonishing exception, the superbeast and almost-god, the meaning of creation which cannot be thought away, the solution of the cosmic riddle, the mighty ruler over nature and the despiser of it, the creature which calls its history world history!--Vanitas vanitatum homo.
George Washington, The Writings of George Washington from the Original Manuscript Sources 1745-1799 Volume 39 (General Index O-Z List of Letters) - Leather Bound|If we desire to avoid insult, we must be able to repel it; if we desire to secure peace, one of the most powerful instruments of our rising prosperity, it must be known, that we are at all times ready for War.
Michael  Grant, Light|Lying there, feeling safe in his tight embrace, a tear escaped my resolute eye and darkened his purple shirt. I usually do not cry when I am afraid, but invariably did when I felt safe and cocooned, like I felt in the confines of his strong, sure arms.
Olympia Snowe|No one ever really 'learns' from history, because choices never present themselves in exactly the same way, and because you can always choose similarities and differences to fit current needs.
Dennis McDougal|Say what you wish about media in the Arab world, but say it knowing that no media channel in the world is absolutely free.
Lisa Bedrick, The Life of a Christian|Make peace with others. The only thing you can change about the past is the damage you may have done to relationships. You may need to make amends with some people and say sorry. Sometimes it feels like we have unfinished business if we leave something in a state of tension. Break the ice, admit you were wrong, and then you and the other person can let go of any bitterness and move on. Sometimes God won't let us rest with ourselves and be at peace unless we take care of certain things. The Bible says in Matthew 5, "Therefore if you are presenting your offering at the altar, and there remember that your brother has something against you, leave your offering there before the altar and go; first be reconciled to your brother, and then come and present your offering." Another good verse that is related to this is in Mark 11, "Whenever you stand praying, forgive, if you have anything against anyone, so that your Father who is in heaven will also forgive you your transgressions. But if you do not forgive, neither will your Father who is in heaven forgive your transgressions." So we need to forgive others and we need to ask for their forgiveness if we have done them wrong. When Jesus was asked how many times we have to forgive others He said 70 times 7, as in, countless times. Joyce Meyer says, "Do yourself a favor and forgive," because you will never truly have peace until you forgive everyone and anyone who has done you wrong. Amen.
Miv Schaaf|Impersonating a quiet, gentle librarian like Barbara Gordon--You deserve to be taken out of circulation!
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha, Overcoming the Challenges of Life|For our society to be better, we must revive our conscience and do Godly things.
Emily Thorne|To successfully create illusion, the first thing you need is trust, but to perfect an illusion, the false reality most appear as authentic as the one it hides. Careful attention must be paid to every detail. The slightest of imperfections can, like a pin to a balloon, burst the illusion . . . and the truth behind the illusion becomes revealed.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Slaughterhouse-Five|If I hadn’t spent so much time studying Earthlings," said the Tralfamadorian, "I wouldn’t have any idea what was meant by 'free will.' I've visited thirty-one inhabited planets in the universe, and I have studied reports on one hundred more. Only on Earth is there any talk of free will.
Simon R. Green, Mean Streets|I have wrote my name in hell,” Brian McFee had said as he was dying on the sawdust of the floor in the Bent Ridge Tavern.
Jodi Picoult, Keeping Faith|My mother used to tell me that when push comes to shove, you always know who to turn to. That being a family isn't a social construct but an instinct.
Charles Kingsley|Freedom under law is hard work. If rulers cannot be trusted with arbitrary power, it is up to citizens to raise their voices at injustice.
Donavan Nelson Butler, Master Sergeant US Army|Let's make a deal, if you don't blame me for your failures I won't take credit for your successes.
Michael Law|Sometimes it’s hard to know when you’ve crossed the line from conscientious to compulsive. When you’re in the thick of an assignment, it’s easy to believe that you must spend so much time brainstorming, researching, writing, testing, revising or what-have-you. Often, it’s only after you’ve been working for hours on end that you realize that half the work you’ve been doing wasn’t actually necessary and that you’ve just wasted a lot of time.
Larry Wall|Einstein was searching for String Theory. It not only reconciles General Relativity to Quantum Mechanics, but it reconciles Science and the Bible as well.
Martin Jacques|After the first miscarriage, I tried to take the attitude that it was my body's way of telling me that this pregnancy wasn't meant to be.
Donna Lynn Hope|It's way too easy to see the real face of a person. They're amiable and full of pretense when they want something from you, but the minute you don't give in, back away or put yourself first (like they do) is the minute they show you who they really are.
Sarah Cross, Kill Me Softly|Because, if you could love someone, and keep loving them, without being loved back . . . then that love had to be real. It hurt too much to be anything else.
Muhammad Ali, The Soul of a Butterfly: Reflections on Life's Journey|All through my life, I have been tested. My will has been tested, my courage has been tested, my strength has been tested. Now my patience and endurance are being tested.
Anne Rice, The Vampire Lestat|Actors and actresses make magic,' I said. 'They make things happen on the stage; they invent; they create.
Oscar Wilde, The Importance of Being Earnest|... it was with an unusual intensity of pleasure, a pleasure destined to have a lasting effect upon his character and conduct...
Emily Arden, Lover by Moonlight: Deception: Book One|Perhaps it was the darkness and secrecy that lent an extra layer of excitement to their meeting? Certainly, all of her other senses felt heightened to an almost unbearable extent. She couldn’t see, but she could hear the distant strains of dance music as the steady beat thrummed through her body; and she could feel so much with just one touch.
Enrique Iglesias|I wonder if anyone else has an ear so tuned and sharpened as I have, to detect the music, not of the spheres, but of earth, subtleties of major and minor chord that the wind strikes upon the tree branches. Have you ever heard the earth breathe?
Susan Neiman, Moral Clarity: A Guide for Grown-up Idealists|As long as your ideas of what's possible are limited by what's actual, no other idea has a chance.
Nicolaus Copernicus|I don't want to tell your story because you're a insensitive, self-centered moron. I've told a lot of stories about young people, and I always feel there's hope.
Tiffany Reisz, The Night Mark|Hope was other people, no matter what the philosophers said. And this was a time that needed hope.
Imran Khan|Slavery remains rife, the shackles are just different. Labels and desires have replaced the cuffs and chains.
Shah Asad Rizvi|Spirit is a child, the tune of dancing feet its lullaby.
W.B. Yeats, The Collected Poems of W.B. Yeats|The Coming of Wisdom with TimeThough leaves are many, the root is one,Through all the lying days of my youthI swayed my leaves and flowers in the sun;Now I may wither into the truth.
Rick Santorum|It is usually people in the money business, finance, and international trade that are really rich.
Taylor Lautner|That's the biggest gap in sports, the difference between the winner and the loser of the Super Bowl.
Henry Johnson Jr|And I thought, y’know, I mean…this is crazy. I mean, the only thing that determines what country you belong to is where you happened to be born? What is a country, anyway? It’s not, y’know, “purple mountain’s majesty” or “fruited plains,” whatever the hell that means. I mean, America isn’t a place, it’s an ideal. It could happen in the Sahara Desert and still be America. For that matter, I’m the child of immigrants. My father’s lived and worked in this country for the past three decades. And he’s somehow more or less American than some redneck who uses Osama bin Laden for toilet paper? How the hell do you measure something like that?
Joe McGinniss Jr., The Delivery Man|The tank, the submarine, the torpedo, the machine-gun, even the rifle and the hand grenade are still in use.
Mark  Lawrence|Six months ago when she first came up with the idea to kill Wilson, back when she was living in Memphis, she'd started going to church again. Since she was spending so much time thinking about sinister things, the least she could do, she reasoned, was to think about God and his love twice a week at church so that she wouldn't become a total sociopath. And rather than kill other people who were stand-ins for the person she really wanted to kill, like serial killers did, she'd be kind and generous to others and hone in on the one who deserved to die. And her plan had worked extremely well. Since she'd started planning to kill Wilson, and then decided to destroy his family instead, she felt no animosity toward anyone but him. Almost none at all!
Condoleezza Rice|We must address, individually and collectively, moral and ethical issues raised by cutting-edge research in artificial intelligence and biotechnology, which will enable significant life extension, designer babies, and memory extraction.
Sumner Davenport|Your "Self" was created in the image and likeness of your creator. How can you believe that your "self" can be improved? Self improvement is contradictory to your creation.
Anna M. Aquino, Cursing the Church or Helping it?: Exposing the Spirit of Balaam|There is a lost and dying world out there. They need to see that the Church is different from their socially-segregated high schools. They need to see a 'family' operating as a team, not a bunch of cliques playing a role.
Nalini Singh, Branded by Fire|Be gentle with him, Mercy. He's got a heart as big as Texas— he'll die for you without blinking. But he doesn't expect anyone to do the same for him.
William Shakespeare, Macbeth|His fingers caressed the column of my tense throat. I shivered in fear. I hated not being able to see what was happening, it forced me to feel everything.
Michael Korda|China itself is now in the process of sloughing off not only the communist system, but also those outdated parts of Confucianism that prevent the rapid acquisition of knowledge needed to adjust to new ways of life and work.
Jennine Capo Crucet, Make Your Home Among Strangers|Every crisis, actual or impending, needs to be viewed as an opportunity to bring about profound changes in our society. Going beyond protest organizing, visionary organizing begins by creating images and stories of the future that help us imagine and create alternatives to the existing system.
G.K. Chesterton|The Bible tells us to love our neighbors, and also to love our enemies; probably because generally they are the same people.
Ha Jin, Waiting|Once you've done it with him, he won't abandon you. If he really loves you, if he's a man with a heart, he'll follow you wherever you go. If he doesn't, he isn't the man you want, is he?
Shailesh Mishra|Forget 'bout your past and forget 'bout your resources, make you eligible to any of your desire.
Amanda Hodgkinson, 22 Britannia Road|Januz feels glad to have her in his arms--his wife, who would do anything to protect their son. This is how she presents herself. Like a soldier who would kill for her country. And her country is their son.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: A Young Adult's Guide to a Meaningful Future|If I ever get to go to the moon, I’ll probably just stand on the moon and go ‘Hmmm, yeah…fair enough…gotta go home now.
J.R. Rim|Mathilde saw her own face reflected in the window, but no, it was a barn owl on a low branch in the cherry trees. She could barely master herself. She had never expected this. These women, such kindness, their eyes shining in the dim room. They saw her. She didn't know why, but they saw her, and they loved her even still.
A.A. Milne|Get out of my chair, dillhole!
Sidney Poitier, The Measure of a Man: A Spiritual Autobiography|Okay listen, you think I'm so inconsequential? Then try this on for size. All those who see unworthiness when they look at me and are given thereby to denying me value - to you I say, I'm not talking about being AS GOOD as you. I hereby declare myself BETTER than you. 
Steven Wilson|Well… er -”“Expecting a rescue is beyond hope under the circumstances!” Sam Barthoff, Mayor of Atro City, interrupted grimly, throwing up his hands in hopelessness. “Hopeless!
Curtis Sittenfeld, American Wife|You never know the nature of another couple's marriage, do you?
Kaja Foglio|My grandfather was a man, when he talked about freedom, his attitude was really interesting. His view was that you had obligations or you had responsibilities, and when you fulfilled those obligations or responsibilities, that then gave you the liberty to do other things.
Isaac Newton|I'm a man of faith. I only fear God, and my wife - sometimes.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Fell Beneath Fairyland and Led the Revels There|Then she laughed for real, and put her hands around my neck. 'I am never, ever going to make things easy for you Seaweed Brain. Get used to it.' When she kissed me, I had the feeling my brain was melting right through my body. I could've stayed that way forever, except a voice behind us growled, 'Well it's about time!' Suddenly the pavilion was filled with torchlight and campers. Clarisse led the way as the eavesdroppers charged and hoisted us both onto their shoulders. 'Oh, come on!' I complained. 'Is there no privacy?' 'The lovebirds need to cool off!' Clarisse said with glee. 'The canoe lake!' Conner Stoll shouted. With a huge cheer, they carried us down the hill, but they kept us close enough to hold hands. Annabeth was laughing, and I couldn't help laughing too, even though my face was completely red. We held hands right up to the moment they dumped us in the water.
Ali Larter|Thank God, I have the opportunity to do what I love, which is my family and work on a business and try and make it the best that it can be.
Eden Ashe, Ever Mine|It was time to confront the old bat with the damage she'd caused this time. Then, he promised himself, he'd strangle her for meddling in affairs that were none of her business, and kidnapping a goddamn innocent fairy.
Barbara Taylor Bradford|Thou doth not know the tragedy of a tale between two hearts till the tears of a forgotten love dissolve into the scars of yearning and seep through the cracks of the broken, leaving behind a trail of crimson for all but one to see.
Seneca|f you wish to put off all worry, assume that what you fear may happen is certainly going to happen.
P.G. Wodehouse|There are situations in life which are beyond one. The sensible man realizes this, and slides out of such situations, admitting himself beaten. Others try to grapple with them, but it never does any good. When affairs get in a real tangle, it is best to sit still and let them straighten themselves out. Or, if one does not do that, simply to think no more about them. This is Philosophy. The true philosopher is the man who says "All right," and goes to sleep in his arm-chair. One's attitude towards Life's Little Difficulties should be that of the gentleman in the fable, who sat down on an acorn one day and happened to doze. The warmth of his body caused the acorn to germinate, and it grew so rapidly that, when he awoke, he found himself sitting in the fork of an oak sixty feet from the ground. He thought he would go home, but, finding this impossible, he altered his plans. "Well, well," he said, "if I cannot compel circumstances to my will, I can at least adapt my will to circumstances. I decide to remain here." Which he did, and had a not unpleasant time. The oak lacked some of the comforts of home, but the air was splendid and the view excellent.Today's Great Thought for Young Readers. Imitate this man.
Wilbur J. Cobb|The genius. This is a skill to interact with outside environment, or source.
Frank Buchman|There is enough in the world for everyone's need, but not enough for everyone's greed.
Terry Pratchett|Puppies are cute. I'm fierce!""Yeah!" Evelyn snorted. "Romas says you're as fierce as a kitten.""A kitten?" Kiera's tone grew more hurt. "I'm not afraid of him, just because he's twelve feet tall and can bench press me with his toes. It's not nice of him to say that
Stella Young|With all of you men out there who think that having a thousand different ladies is pretty cool, I have learned in my life I've found out that having one woman a thousand different times is much more satisfying.
Mortimer J. Adler, How to Read a Book: The Classic Guide to Intelligent Reading|You will find that your comprehension of any book will be enormously increased if you only go to the trouble of finding its important words, identifying their shifting meanings, and coming to terms. Seldom does such a small change in habit have such a large effect.
Ben Aaronovitch, Moon Over Soho|For a terrifying moment I thought he was going to hug me, but fortunately we both remembered we were English just in time. Still, it was a close call.
Crystal Evans|When a problem or a difficult situation arises, say to yourself, as if you already believe it: "This is for my benefit.
Renee Dyer, Eyes Wide Open|On angel's wings, love flew in.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|On the contrary, having the amiable vanity which knits us to those who are fond of us, and disinclines us to those who are indifferent, and also a good grateful nature, the mere idea that a woman had a kindness towards him spun little threads of tenderness from out his heart towards hers.
A.E. Samaan|Knowledge can never imprison you, but you can be captive to your ignorance.
Steven Sinofsky|Design accelerates the adoption of new ideas. And many of these ideas are important for designers to show that there is a way. When you see things through that lens, you realize it applies to any industry and any form of design.
Pansy Schneider-Horst|Whoever has the better stuff wins. Sound familiar, American lackeys of late-stage capitalism?
Saru Singhal|It is easy to give without loving yet DIFFICULT TO LOVE without GIVING.After all Love is a Verb, it must be demonstrated genuinely.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Education gives light, life and liberty.
Stewart O'Nan, Emily, Alone|I don’t have home without him”, Carrie said when doctor asked her to go home.“I won’t give up on him. Do you hear me, Doctor? Don’t you give up on him!
Richie Norton|Is it weird that when I see a cool t shirt or pick up a toothbrush or see a new car I don't think about the product itself? I think about the thousands of people and dollars to make it.I think about how the retailer that took the risk to buy and resell it. Then I work backwards to the store costs, the distributer who got it there, the shipping company that brought it over from China, the factory workers that made it, the people that sourced the materials and the people that harvested the raw materials, and on and on...The global economy is amazing. Your $20 t-shirt is a freaking miracle.
Oswald Chambers, My Utmost for His Highest|Paul was devoted to a Person, not a cause.
Larry J. Dunlap, Night People, Book 1|The winds of potential change blow constantly through our existence altering potentialities until a tipping point or nexus shakes our thread into a different weave, a new existence. It is our pattern-sensing consciousnesses that tricks us into believing remaining static is an option, that this day is like the next or the one before, as if the chaos that change will inevitably bring can be avoided. It's a comforting lie . . .
Chuck Palahniuk, Choke|It's amazing what a woman will read into if you by accident, say I love you. Ten times out of ten, a guy means I love this.
G.K. Chesterton, Manalive|We cannot rely on trial-and-error approaches to deal with existential risks… We need to vastly increase our investment in developing specific defensive technologies… We are at the critical stage today for biotechnology, and we will reach the stage where we need to directly implement defensive technologies for nanotechnology during the late teen years of this century… A self-replicating pathogen, whether biological or nanotechnology based, could destroy our civilization in a matter of days or weeks.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|There is one spectacle grander than the sea, that is the sky; there is one spectacle grander than the sky, that is the interior of the soul.
Danielle Henderson, Feminist Ryan Gosling: Feminist Theory (as Imagined) from Your Favorite Sensitive Movie Dude|Normally when I tell people I'm a gender studies major, they look at me like I'm studying Sanskrit or Latin. But now, NOW I had something to show my family, to possibly convince them that one day I would be employable. Look! People still like feminism! Or maybe they just really like Ryan Gosling's face. But they're getting that face with a dose of feminism! Like it or not.
Walter Van Tilburg Clark, The City Of Trembling Leaves|Nothing imaginative ever happens to five people at once, because each is up to only one-fifth of his personal intelligence and perception. A crowd is never equal to the intelligence of any one of its members.
Niels Bohr|I came away with the impression that this guy was either the most forward-thinking finance expert on the planet, or a crack smoker who simply placed his hands on the keyboard, attached electric stimuli to his genitalia, flipped the switch, and started typing.
Elizabeth Fama, Plus One|And I understood why he didn’t need friends or to be accepted at our shitty racist high school, because he had his music, and that was so much better than anything we had to offer.
Patricia Grasso, Seducing the Prince|Look there.” Regina pointed toward the northern sky. “Polaris.”Viktor looked up. “The constant north star, one of man’s most dependable guides.”“Polaris will be waiting for us there when we are old and have experienced a lifetime of joys and regrets,” Regina said, a wistful note in her voice. “That fact makes me feel like one of God’s most insignificant creatures.
Monica Burns, His Mistress|A man's heterosexuality will not put up with any homosexuality, and vice versa.
Stephen Richards, The Ultimate Cosmic Ordering Meditation|When you reach a calm and quiet meditative state, that is when you can hear the sound of silence.
Charles M. Schulz|Sometimes I lie awake at night and I ask, "Is life a multiple choice test or is it a true or false test?" ...Then a voice comes to me out of the dark and says, "We hate to tell you this but life is a thousand word essay.
Roshan Sharma|The truth is, life grows and evolved inside of you and, it has nothing to do with any other person except you. The truth of life grows and evolves, in the form of understanding.
Johnathan Jena|When darkness falls, beauty is lit from within.
Tim Gillespie|Reading good literature is an experience of pleasure...but it is also an experience of learning what and how we are, in our human integrity and our human imperfection, with our actions, our dreams, and our ghosts, alone and in relationships that link us to others, in our public image and in the secret recesses of our consciousness.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|If you're 5-minutes early, you're late "How to always be on time
Charlotte Munro, Grey October|I want to get to know you a little better.’ His hand touches mine, the briefest of touches but I still recoil my hand into the sleeve of my cardigan. His touch is blisteringly hot, I’m sure earlier today when he cupped my cheek I had burn marks. But no, it is just him, just his touch, it sends crazy little shivers throughout my entirety.‘I don’t understand you… you said you want what you cannot have. Isn’t this a form of torture?’‘Does a person who wishes to lose weight not taunt themselves with sweets? Does a person not go by the same window every day, just to glimpse the piece of jewellery they long for, yet can never attain? We torment ourselves every day with things we cannot have. Perhaps it is torture, but perhaps my request is genuine.
Ayaan Hirsi Ali, Infidel|The only position that leaves me with no cognitive dissonance is atheism. It is not a creed. Death is certain, replacing both the siren-song of Paradise and the dread of Hell. Life on this earth, with all its mystery and beauty and pain, is then to be lived far more intensely: we stumble and get up, we are sad, confident, insecure, feel loneliness and joy and love. There is nothing more; but I want nothing more.
Stephen Richards, Insanity: My Mad Life|She looked at me again, and the sweet and shy Nicole disappeared. Her eyes b
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|Life is a sweet sour adventure. When you want to go it becomes sweet, when you remain, it becomes sour
Stephen Colletti|What people tell me they take away from my books is that they can shape their lives, they can achieve their own dreams. And certainly that's what I want them to take away.
Ogden Nash|Some people can't stand being alone. I love solitude and silence. But when I come out of it, I'm a regular talking machine. It's all or nothing for me.
David Hoffmeister, Unwind Your Mind Back to God:  Experiencing A Course in Miracles|When you feel angry or frustrated at a brother for using a particular defense -- being controlling or whatever it is -- you are failing to forgive yourself for the very same attempt; you still believe that the defense has a reality. You are seeing it out there but when you start to pull it back to your mind, you start to see the control in yourself. The guilt from transferring it from one seeming person/body to another seeming person/body is enormous. Instead of blaming your brother, the blame gets turned onto your own seeming body, but it is still the same error. We have to see that I am mind; this identity that I took off of my brother but still saw in myself is also just a construct in my mind. Otherwise, what good is the transfer?
Albert Borris, Crash Into Me|Now that it's all over, what did you really do yesterday that's worth mentioning?
Henry Hitchings, The Secret Life of Words: How English Became English|The history of prescriptions about English ... is in part a history of bogus rules, superstitions, half-baked logic, groaningly unhelpful lists, baffling abstract statements, false classifications, contemptuous insiderism and educational malfeasance. But it is also a history of attempts to make sense of the world and its bazaar of competing ideas and interests.
John Irving, The Hotel New Hampshire|Always have Hope, for without Hope there is no surprise.
Stephen King|Time takes it all whether you want it to or not, time takes it all. Time bares it away, and in the end there is only darkness. Sometimes we find others in that darkness, and sometimes we lose them there again.
Taylor Swift|Just being a human being, I’ve realized that before every big problem you create for yourself, before every huge mess you have to clean up, there was a crucial moment where you could’ve just said no.
Debasish Mridha|Speed of life is a killer not a healer, so slow down to bloom like a flower.
Cyma Rizwaan Khan, I See The Devil|He’s been looking at my file. So the question has to be right there on the tip of his tongue right about now, waiting to be spoken. But he keeps up the ‘act professional’ charade, makes it feel like he sees this kind of thing all the time, but in reality he’s having a little fun with it. I’m the story he’s going to tell at a bar after making my name anonymous. I’m the case study that’s going to become dinner conversation when he takes some rich bitch out next week. He’s going to do it to make himself look well-balanced, prove how normal he is in a world full of weirdoes. In short, he’s going to look ‘normal’ at my expense.
Carl Bernstein, All the President's Men|Forgot to live-tweet the election last night, so I'm post-tweeting today. I'll start as soon as my fingers unclench from their rage fists.
Angela Richardson, All the Pieces|I don't wanna be a lover,I just wanna be your victim.
kent Ian N. Cny|My dear Copperfield,” he replied. “To a man possessed of the higher imaginative powers, the objection to legal studies is the amount of detail which they involve. Even in our professional correspondence,” said Mr. Micawber, glancing at some letters he was writing, “the mind is not at liberty to soar to any exalted form of expression. Still, it is a great pursuit! A great pursuit!
Molly Friedenfeld, The Book of Simple Human Truths|If you are an angle, all you can give is boredom.
Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner|That same night, I wrote my first short story. It took me thirty minutes. It was a dark little tale about a man who found a magic cup and learned that if he wept into the cup, his tears turned into pearls. But even though he had always been poor, he was a happy man and rarely shed a tear. So he found ways to make himself sad so that his tears could make him rich. As the pearls piled up, so did his greed grow. The story ended with the man sitting on a mountain of pearls, knife in hand, weeping helplessly into the cup with his beloved wife's slain body in his arms.
Angie  Morgan|All progress begins with a decision. Effective leadership requires decisive action. Embrace the process of deciding, yet recognize when you have reached a choice point.
Diana Krall|People ask if I regret not winning a Stanley Cup, but winning the series against the Soviet Union was the best. It was the greatest experience of my hockey career by far.
Elizabeth Scott, Miracle|She watched as he settled down on the bed with Naya skin to skin on his chest. His hand all but covered her tiny body as he stroked her in that changeling way, bonding with her on the most elemental level. Then he purred, and Naya made a happy little sound of delight, very much a cat in her love of touch.
Mya Waechtler|He looked at me for a moment longer, with unbearable longing. I love you, Alexa. No matter what happens tomorrow, or any day after that, I will always love you.  My eyes burned. I love you, too, Rylan. But it's not enough, he said. I was too late.
Elbert Hubbard|If you understood everything I said, you’d be me
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|I think it doesn’t matter if you or I or anybody else thinks homosexuality is a sin. It doesn’t matter if you or I think anything is a sin. It doesn’t matter if homosexuality is a sin or not. In fact, it doesn’t matter if anything anybody else does is a sin or not.Because sin is a very personal thing! It always has been and it always will be!And it has nothing to do with love.
Aurora Levins Morales, Getting Home Alive|The life I chose when I promised my six-year-old self never to forget being a child, never to grow frightened and dishonest like the grownups I saw, nodding politely to each other without affection, and decided to put my true self in a time capsule for later use.
Nicolette Wuring, Customer Advocacy: When You Care, People Notice|If I let myself care, all I'll feel is pain.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|Haven't you got it through your head that human thought is a thing of the past & that philosophy is worse than Bertillon's guide to harassed cops? You make me laugh with your metaphysical anguish, it's just that you're scared silly, frightened of life, of men of action, of action itself, of lack of order. But everything is disorder, dear boy. Vegetable, mineral & animal, all disorder, & so is the multitude of human races, the life of man, thought, history, wars, inventions, business & the arts, & all theories, passions & systems. It's always been that way. Why are you trying to make something out of it? And what will you make? What are you looking for? There's no truth. There's only action, action subjected to every possible & imaginable contingency & contradiction. Life. Life is a crime, theft, jealousy, hunger, lies, disgust, stupidity, sickness, volcanic eruptions, earthquakes, piles of corpses. What can you do about it, my poor friend?
C. JoyBell C.|Because...” he used to cradle his daughter in his arms every morning and often they would exchange soft nuances “...if you can dream it, if you can see it in your visions at night, if you can feel it in your soul, it’s yours! And it never really belonged to anyone else, in the first place! It was always yours!” Viera returned her scroll to the drawer and closed it, she kissed the compass around her neck and climbed into her bed under the warm quilts, the candle flame crackled and the memories of her father’s arms around her embraced her there in bed and his deep, hoarse voice resounded in her ears; “... and if you chance upon a treasure that is yours and it happens to be in the possession of someone else, it’s not very wrong to take what is yours, to take what you dreamed, what you saw in your visions at night, what you felt visit you in your spirit! Sure, it’s not lawful, but aye aye my little one, listen to me when I tell you that the best things in life are not under the laws of any sort! For which law created love? Which law created courage? The best things, the real things, are the things that are not measured by any man’s laws! Fear is the only thing that any law has ever created! And what kind of pirates would we all be if we were afraid of any of our fears, even a little!
Ann Brashares, The Last Summer|Do you think we’ll be waiting long?” Valkyrie asked,keeping her voice low.“The last time we were in this building, we accused theGrand Mage of being a traitor,” Skulduggery said. “Yes, I thinkwe’ll be waiting long.
Celso Cukierkorn, Secrets of Jewish Wealth Revealed!|If you spent your life trying to be LIKE EVERYBODY, you will only succeed at BECOMING A NOBODY." (Rabbi Celso Cukierkorn Bestselling Author and Speaker)
Swarnakanthi Rajapakse, The Master's Daughter|The author finds any freaking, and remarkably objective, way to estimate religion's influence on American society before the Civil War. The population closely aligned with evangelical sympathies was three or four times the size of the voting population in 1860
John Bruna|Your genuine happiness does not come from other people, activities or things, it comes from living a meaningful life - a life that is in alignment with your values and is beneficial.
Jonathan Evison, The Revised Fundamentals of Caregiving|This is the way to get ideas: never to let adverse circumstances discourage you, but to believe there is a way out of every difficulty, which may be found by earnest though.
Vinko Vrbanic|Women should not feel obliged towards any men for eternity. They earned this privilege by gathering berries, digging roots, picking wild rice, and chewing the skin to make it soft for 999 thousand years, while the men were having fun in the open chasing deer and fighting among themselves.
Rick Perlstein, Before the Storm: Barry Goldwater and the Unmaking of the American Consensus|Unlike most fine writers, he wasn't in love with his own words.
James Russell Lingerfelt, Alabama Irish|I hope you know that when you’re happy, or sad, or joyful, when you’re melancholy on spring days, or rainy nights, or autumn evenings, I’d be right there with you, watching the leaves change. And during cold winters by the popping and cracking of a chimney fire, as the snow powders the limbs of the cedars, I’d be there, with you, lying beside you when you wake up and when you go to sleep. And I’d never abandon you. I’d be there for you when you need me. And starting now, I’ll be there for you as long as my time on earth shall last. All you ever have to do is tell me what you want or need and I’ll provide that for you, if it’s within my power. I swear I’ll love you the rest of my life.
Kate Racculia, Bellweather Rhapsody|At dusk in the Temple Gardens the barrier between past and present turned fluid and ghosts walked. Here and there if Buckler looked closely he caught a glimpse of knights filing toward the ancient round Church, heads bowed in penitence…Buckler didn’t mind the spirits. In fact, he preferred their company to that of the general run of human. For the ghosts reminded him that man’s petty cares, so all consuming in life, would one day become nothing more than fit matter for an amusing story.
Benjamin Cardozo|I am just absolutely convinced that the best formula for giving us peace and preserving the American way of life is freedom, limited government, and minding our own business overseas.
Mansi Laus Deo|We are just too blinded by the phrase, "grow old together" and learning its meaning from hopeless movies and novels that glorify undying love and unbelievable understanding. Don't you think? Reality is... Love dies. People change. And we grow old together in present. Today, tomorrow, and every day after that.It's not about eternity. It's not till death do us part.It's about today. This day. And I believe only in today.So, come! Let's grow old together today!
James K. Polk|I shall always be grateful for this curious love of history, allowing me to spend a lifetime looking back into the past, allowing me to learn from these large figures about the struggle for meaning for life.
David Jeremiah, Until Christ Returns: Living Faithfully Today While We Wait for Our Glorious Tomorrow|[Jesus] not only kept Himself from engaging in evil, He also continually acted in ways that honored and glorified god. He not only continually avoided the negative, He always pursued the positive.
Fabrizio Moreira|My dad said, 'Stay humble, and you gotta work harder than everybody else.' My mom said, 'Always be yourself.' She always told me only God can judge me.
Stacia Pelletier, The Half Wives|Never fall for a man whose chief antagonist is himself, whose chief conversational partner is the man in the mirror when he shaves.
Tiffany Allee, Don't Blackmail the Vampire|Every bit of you, Lass, that's what I want...
Piet Hein|Of all tools used in the shadow of the moon, men are the most apt to get out of order.
Adam Levin, The Instructions|Why do we weep once we know that everything will be alright? We weep because the only way everything could ever be alright is in fiction. We weep because what we've seen can't be true, no matter how badly we wish it were. We weep at the truth.
Brandon Sanderson, The Well of Ascension|The efficiency of the cleaning solution in liquefying wizards suggested the operation of an antithetical principal,which-" "Did you have to get him started?" Cimorene asked reproachfully.
W.E.B. Du Bois, The Souls of Black Folk|Where you are is who you are. The further inside you the place moves, the more your identity is intertwined with it. Never casual, the choice of place is the choice of something you crave.
John Christopher, The Pool of Fire|We all have to learn to live with our losses, and to use our regrets to spur us on in the future.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Our creativity is a universe within this universe, certainly a much bigger one!
John Markoff, What the Dormouse Said: How the Sixties Counterculture Shaped the Personal Computer Industry|Memory has always been social. Now we’re using search engines and computers to augment our memories, too.
Matthew Desmond, Evicted: Poverty and Profit in the American City|The year the police called Sherrena, Wisconsin saw more than one victim per week murdered by a current or former romantic partner or relative. 10 After the numbers were released, Milwaukee’s chief of police appeared on the local news and puzzled over the fact that many victims had never contacted the police for help. A nightly news reporter summed up the chief’s views: “He believes that if police were contacted more often, that victims would have the tools to prevent fatal situations from occurring in the future.” What the chief failed to realize, or failed to reveal, was that his department’s own rules presented battered women with a devil’s bargain: keep quiet and face abuse or call the police and face eviction.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|The only kind of love to be found, is within you. That other kind everybody wants... it finds you.
J Raymond|The most beautiful among us all seem to be slightly broken, women especially. The ones worth knowing are beyond repair. She’ll always be slightly off centered. A clock, never set perfectly, but you knew could still sing beautifully. And fools we are for attempting to fix her. Just read her, learn her, love her. Don’t try to make sense of her past, or dare predict her future. Who she was, is not who she is, and is certainly not who she would be. You’re not meant to understand her entirely. Because she’s not sure who she is exactly. Let her sing her song. Watch her dance wildly to it. It’s her time. Repairing that would only break her heart. And I’d rather be ripped apart from her than rip a part from her.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|If you can train yourself to be actionable instead of reactionary, you will break out of the negative space that is typically furnished with fear, uncertainty and inaction, and move into that peaceful zone of determination, power, decisiveness and growth. Life will become less complicated.
Steve Nash|I was never worried that synthesizers would replace musicians. First of all, you have to be a musician in order to make music with a synthesizer.
|Where there is happiness, the need for pleasure isn't highly necessary, but where there is pleasure, the gift of happiness is still highly needed. Try not to mistake the two.
Jennifer Rardin, One More Bite|Who brings baby pictures on an international flight?" I hissed. "If I'd wanted my bare ass paraded in front of all the first-class ticket holders I'd have mooned everyone before we took off!
James Joyce|When it comes to atoms, language can be used only as in poetry. The poet, too, is not nearly so concerned with describing facts as with creating images.
Diane di Prima|It is still news to her that passioncould steer her wrongthough she went down, a thousand timesstrung outacross railroad tracks, off bridgesunder cars, or stiffglass bottle still in hand, hair softon greasy pillows, still it isnews she cannot follow love (hisburning footsteps in blue crystalsnow) & stillcome out all right.
Napz Cherub Pellazo|Don't let someone treat you like shit or you're just one of many options,' Know your worth...'Remember!, One of The most powerful thing about time is...it CHANGES..' everything! that defines you' 
Marston Bates|Unable to sleep after the others had drowsed off, I crawled out of the tent and lay on the ground, looking at the sky. Now and then, a shooting star would trace a bright arc across the heavens. The longer I watched, though, the more nervous it made me. There were simply too many stars, and the sky was too vast and deep. A huge, overpowering foreign object, it surrounded me, enveloped me, and made me feel almost dizzy. Until that moment, I had always thought that the earth on which I stood was a solid object that would last forever. Or rather, I had never thought about such a thing at all. I had simply taken it for granted.
Floyd Dell|Children are notoriously curious about everything, everything except... the things people want them to know. It then remains for us to refrain from forcing any kind of knowledge upon them, and they will be curious about everything.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|When people tell me they can’t afford to join a gym, I tell them to go outside; planet Earth is a gym and we’re already members. Run, climb, sweat, and enjoy all of the natural wonder that is available to you.
Henry Beston, The Outermost House: A Year of Life On The Great Beach of Cape Cod|I began to reflect on Nature's eagerness to sow life everywhere, to fill the planet with it, to crowd with it the earth, the air, and the seas. Into every corner, into all forgotten things and nooks, Nature struggles to pour life, pouring life into the dead, life into life itself. That immense, overwhelming, relentless, burning ardency of Nature for the stir of life! And all these her creatures, even as these thwarted lives, what travail, what hunger and cold, what bruising and slow-killing struggle will they not endure to accomplish earth's purpose? and what conscious resolution of men can equal their impersonal, their congregate will to yield self life to the will of life universal?
L.M. Montgomery, Emily of New Moon|When I read that the flash came, and I took a sheet of paper. . .and I wrote on it: I, Emily Byrd Starr, do solemnly vow this day that I will climb the Alpine Path and write my name on the scroll of fame.
Anonymous|...And her tears turned into blood, because what she was losing was thicker than water.
R.K. Lilley, Grounded|You know what I want? I just want you to be open to the fact that I am a woman. I’ve got emotions. I’ve got expectations. I cry. I laugh. And I was drawn to you because, first, you are a handsome man. But, secondly, after spending the time that we’ve spent, I just have an intuition that you’re the type of man who can appreciate a good woman. I really don’t care about your past and how many women you’ve screwed.
William Glasser|If I can make a teacher's salary doing comedy, I think that's better than being a teacher.
Patti Stanger|In terms of the technology I use the most, it's probably a tie between my Blackberry and my MacBook Pro laptop. That's how I communicate with the rest of the world and how I handle all the business I have to handle.
Elisabeth Elliot, Through Gates of Splendor|God is God. If He is God, He is worthy of my worship and my service. I will find rest nowhere but in His will, and that will is infinitely, immeasurably, unspeakably beyond my largest notions of what He is up to.
Kat Kruger, The Night Has Claws|Why can't life be easy, why can't love be just wonderful, why can't math be counting 1,2,3 Why it can't be you and me..?
Phyllis Chesler, Woman's Inhumanity to Woman|The idea that women's strong attachments to each other are what make them so vulnerable is horrifying. I count my close friendships with a few girls that I know as one of the best things I have going for me right now. My love for them leaves me open to hurt, but ... all love does, or at least that's the cliche. Perhaps girls and women do come to love each other too quickly, or once they are trapped into appearing as though they love one another, they don't want to back out of it. That is probably true. But a fear of confrontation in relationships is the downside. The ability to love easily is a positive.
Randy Forbes|I think kids want the same thing from a book that adults want - a fast-paced story, characters worth caring about, humor, surprises, and mystery. A good book always keeps you asking questions, and makes you keep turning pages so you can find out the answers.
Sheeja Jose, Goodbye Girl|In one terrible instant, that terrible thing happened, the single most tragic experience of my, and just about any, childhood: boredom.
Daphne du Maurier, My Cousin Rachel|Melanie understands jealousy. She’s jealous, a little bit, every time Miss Justineau talks to another boy or girl in class. She wants Miss Justineau’s time to belong to her, and the reminders that it doesn’t sting a little, make her heart do a gentle drop and thud in her chest.
Stephen Lovegrove, How to Find Yourself, Love Yourself, & Be Yourself: The Secret Instruction Manual for Being Human|Maybe the real issue here is that we were not created to do life by ourselves. We were not given a sentence of solitary confinement and placed in a world of isolation, but from the moment we entered this human experience, it was clear there was a world waiting to be discovered, creatures which were there for our interaction. And the spark inside us often has to be spoken to, to be touched by the soul of another. It’s as if the spark is only visible through the lens of night vision, a set of goggles which only another human being can hand to us.
Byron Brown, Soul Without Shame: A Guide to Liberating Yourself from the Judge Within|Truthis like a vast tree, which yields more and more fruit, the more you nurture it
Nancy Werlin|Anyone in this world can have the power of life and death over someone else. It's horrible, but true. All you need to do is take it. And once you have -- there is no going back. (The Killer's Cousin)
Gustave Flaubert, Madame Bovary|You forget everything. The hours slip by. You travel in your chair through centuries you seem seem to see before you, your thoughts are caught up in the story, dallying with the details or following the course of the plot, you enter into characters, so that it seems as if it were your own heart beating beneath their costumes.
Richard Dawkins|I mean, I do wear a wedding ring and take it off when I shoot.
Carl Sutton, Selective Mutism In Our Own Words: Experiences in Childhood and Adulthood|A police officer should legally be able to refuse body mounted electronic devices, based on the extensive range of evidence that biological toxicity is known to occur from long term exposure to their electromagnetic interference (EMI) emissions.
Richie Norton|Mentors change lives, but students change mentors’ lives more.
Kelley Armstrong, Dates from Hell|Your mother sets you up blind dates? With guys like that?" The corners of his mouth twitched. "She doesn't like you very much, does she?
Martin Luther King Jr.|If you lose hope, somehow you lose the vitality that keeps moving, you lose that courage to be, that quality that helps you go on in spite of it all. And so today I still have a dream.
Friedrich Nietzsche|The visionary lies to himself, the liar only to others.
Jaroslav Seifert, The Poetry of Jaroslav Seifert|Is kissing you generally considered a joyful affair?" -
Jon Porter|If journalism is the first draft of history, then talk radio provides an early glimpse into how the meaning of political events will be spun for ideological and partisan purposes.
Shelly Pratt, Sanctuary of Mine|You asked what my intentions are, Mrs. Brenner, and I would like to answer your question.” Dibs opened his mouth as if preparing to argue and she glared at him from across the table. Did he really think not to let her state her case in front of his family? He snapped his mouth shut and briskly rubbed a palm across his forehead before tossing that same hand in the air. “My intentions are these.” She gathered her thoughts, folding her hands in her lap. “When David is sad, I intend to make him happy. When he is ill, I intend to make him well. When he is angry or upset, I intend to listen and find the words to make him feel better. When he is depressed, I intend to bring him joy, and when he is hurt, I intend to find the source of his pain and take it away from him.” She bridged the distance to Dibs’s devoted gaze, and radiant love crested the last barricade surrounding her heart. “You see, Mr. and Mrs. Brenner, I’m in love with your son. But I don’t want anything from him. You don’t need to worry because my only intention is to give to him. That’s the way it’s supposed to be when you love someone, isn’t it? To think only of their needs, instead of your own?” She broke off from Dibs and faced his mother. “Those are my intentions, Mrs. Brenner. I hope you find them satisfactory.
Dean Cavanagh|Today, you are as old as you have ever been and as young as you will ever be! It is never too late, or too early to start working toward your goals and your dreams. Every moment, every situation, and every turn of events presents you with an opportunity to build the self you are capable of being, and the life you are worthy of living. It’s just a matter of accepting, implementing ideas, taking action and actively expressing the purpose that is uniquely YOU.Every word you speak and every action you take should be intended to make tomorrow a little bit better. There is no such timer, clock or watch that measures quality time. You are given 24 hours a day and it is up to you as to how you will use it!
Abhishek Kumar|He had his choice, and he liked the worst.
Jeannette Walls, Half Broke Horses|In this world, it's not enough to have a fine education. You need a piece of paper to prove you got it.
Mehek Bassi|The backside of mountain is a fight against human nature," he said. "You have to care as much about yourself on the way down as you did on the way up.
Jerry Hall|Fear of carbs, of gluten, of everything - we've distanced ourselves from the beauty of food, the art of it. It makes me sad when people say, 'Oh, I don't eat gluten. I don't eat cheese. I don't eat this. So I eat cardboard.'
David Heinemeier Hansson, Rework|Bureaucracy destroys initiative. There is little that bureaucrats hate more than innovation, especially innovation that produces better results than the old routines. Improvements always make those at the top of the heap look inept. Who enjoys appearing inept?
Boris Kovalík|Jesus' simple poetic words are delivered casually and gently. Jesus prefers to explain a difficult concept over time, never talking down to His followers, patiently letting the words soak in until they understand them fully.
Homer, The Iliad|…but there they lay, sprawled across the field, craved far more by the vultures than by wives.
Hugh MacLeod, Ignore Everybody: and 39 Other Keys to Creativity|Writer's block is just a symptom of feeling like you have nothing to say, combined with the rather weird idea that you should feel the need to say something. Why? If you have something to say, then say it. If not, enjoy the silence while it lasts. The noise will return soon enough.
Aeschylus, The Oresteia|Alas, poor men, their destiny. When all goes well a shadow will overthrow it. If it be unkind one stroke of a wet sponge wipes all the picture out; and that is far the most unhappy thing of all. -Cassandra
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|Now, this is what the Lord says, "Fear not, for I have redeemed you; I have summoned you by name; you are mine. When you pass through the waters, I will be with you; and when you pass through the rivers, they will not sweep over you. When you walk through the fire, you will not be burned; the flames will not set you ablaze. For I am the Lord, your God, the Holy One of Israel, your Savior.
Jalpa Williby, Chaysing Dreams|Whatever the unknown in Europe, it had to be better than the known in a small town, where truth was hidden behind smiles, pleasantries, and an abundance of stretch lace at weddings. Whatever, the yet-to-be-written truth about her own life, it seemed certain to be waiting elsewhere on a blank page, somewhere people made no attempt to predict the future based upon a person's past. Quote from: A Summer Abroad, Mrs. Duchesney's First Real Mysteryc. 2013 Peggy Kopman-Owens
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, Cancer Ward|The meaning of earthly existence lies not, as we have grown used to thinking, in prospering but in the development of the soul.
Rita Webb|As a writer, I am just an actor in a play, telling a story that needs to be told.
Christopher Krovatin, Heavy Metal And You|Friendship is the source of the greatest pleasures, and without friends even the most agreeable pursuits become tedious.
Don DeLillo, White Noise|What i Like about Photography is that it takes moments that should have been forgotten, and just Freezes them, and allows us to share it with everyone and share it with future generations. But theirs is also the sense of Secrets of the picture, or the stuff you don’t know, or don’t see. You don’t really know what happened before or after a picture its like time is just frozen in that moment.
Elizabeth Winder, Pain, Parties, Work: Sylvia Plath in New York, Summer 1953|My own studies on the natural history of DID indicate only 20% of DID patients have an overt DID adaption on a chronic basis, and 14% of them deliberately disguise their manifestations of DID. Only 6% make their DID obvious on an ongoing basis. Eighty percent have windows of diagnosability when stressed or triggered by some significant event, interaction, situation or date. Therefore, 94% of DID patients show only mild or suggestive evidence of their conditions most of the time. Yet DID patients often will acknowledge that their personality systems are actively switching and/or far more active than it would appear on the surface (Loewenstein et al., 1987).R.P. Kluft (2009) A clinician's understanding of dissociation. pp 599-623.
Jeff Olson, The Slight Edge: Secret to a Successful Life|Be happy, and the reason will appear.
Katherine Applegate, The One and Only Ivan|When you do something because you're angry, you almost always do the wrong thing.
Megyn Kelly|We have to realize that science is a double-edged sword. One edge of the sword can cut against poverty, illness, disease and give us more democracies, and democracies never war with other democracies, but the other side of the sword could give us nuclear proliferation, biogerms and even forces of darkness.
Deyth Banger|Good can sit in the distance, just beyond your view, waiting, until you go toward it.
Vivian Swift, When Wanderers Cease to Roam: A Traveler's Journal of Staying Put|Celebrate my heart, at ease or on fire, in my usual featherbrained way.Horace, Roman PoetOde I-6, 23 BCE
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Dear Ijeawele, or a Feminist Manifesto in Fifteen Suggestions|I myself," said Gibbon, "am slightly underdone in the personal worthlessness line. It was Papa's fault. He used no irony. The communications mix offered by the parent to the child is as you know twelve percent do this, eighty-two percent don't do that, and six percent huggles and endearments. That is standard. Now, to avoid boring himself or herself to death during this monition the parent enlivens the discourse with wit, usually irony of the cheaper sort. The irony ambigufies the message, but more importantly establishes in the child the sense of personal lack-of-worth. Because the child understands that one who is talked to in this way is not much of a something. Ten years of it goes a long way. Fifteen is better. That is where Pap fell down. He eschewed irony.
Kate Zambreno|I thought of my sweet little girl and her chubby cheeks, big brown eyes and long brown hair with bangs that constantly needed trimming. She was all that really mattered in this world, and I could not keep moping over some guy who came in and out of my life faster than a season of American Idol.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.|If the breadth of perspectives is wide enough to represent the fullest range of views, consensus is unlikely. If consensus is swiftly achieved, it probably means too few voices have been heard.
A.D.  Evans, Born Wicked|He relented to the kiss and gave of himself what she required, his lips parting in symmetry with hers until the moment of realization collapsed.
Neil LaBute, The Mercy Seat|Through me is the way to the city of woe. Through me is the way to sorrow eternal. Through me is the way to the lost below. Justice moved my architect supernal. I was constructed by divine power,supreme wisdom, and love primordial. Before me no created things were. Save those eternal, and eternal I abide. Abandon all hope, you who enter.
Terry Pratchett, Feet of Clay|You can be any sex you like provided you act male. There's no men and women in the Watch, just a bunch of lads.
Andy Heaton|Concerning Social Media and Banding, You don't build permanent structures on a rented land.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|If you want to feel the sunshine, change position!
Paul Rand|If I can create some space that people haven't experienced before and if it stays with them or gives them a dream for the future, that's the kind of structure I seek to create.
Adam Green|I would say the film world has stopped operating as one. We have divided it into Hindi movies, Bengali movies, Tamil movies and so on. Earlier, there was only one channel and we all knew what was going on. Today, it is hard to keep track of programmes due to the advent of regional channels.
Guru Nanak, Sri Guru Granth Sahib|Burn worldly love, rub the ashes and make ink of it, make the heart the pen, the intellect the writer, write that which has no end or limit.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|I believe in good and evil," said Jem. "And I believe the soul is eternal. But I don't believe in the fiery pit, the pitchforks, or endless torment. I do not believe you can threaten people into goodness."Tessa looked at will. "What about you? What do you believe?"Pulvis et umbra sumus," said Will, not looking at her as he spoke. "I believe we are dust and shadows. What else is there?
Randy J. Nelson, Biology of Aggression|The virus altered the the eye of the beholder. That this change came at the expense of the beheld suggests that beauty in nature does not necessarily bespeak health, nor necessarily redound to the benefit of the beautiful.
Wendelin Van Draanen, The Running Dream|Runners don't quit. We fade; we "hit the wall"; we're sometimes reduced to a walk. But we keep on.
Stephen King, It|(...) if that's what has to be. no good friends. No bad riends. Only people you want, need to be with; people who build their houses in your heart.
Daniel Suarez, Change Agent|When privacy is criminalized, only criminals will have privacy.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Ecce Homo/The Antichrist|To become what one is, one must not have the faintest notion of what one is... The whole surface of consciousness - for consciousness -is- a surface - must be kept clear of all great imperatives. Beware even of every great word, every great pose! So many dangers that the instinct comes too soon to "understand itself" --.Meanwhile, the organizing idea that is destined to rule keeps growing deep down - it begins to command, slowly it leads us back from side roads and wrong roads; it prepares single qualities and fitnesses that will one day prove to be indispensable as a means toward a whole - one by one, it trains all subservient capacities before giving any hint of the dominant task, "goal," "aim," or "meaning.
Namrata, 25 Strokes of Kindness|...it was amazing, wasn't it, how bad you could hurt when there was nothing physically wrong.
Deepak Chopra|I want my children to see me first every morning, so I wake up at 5 and make sure to shower and exercise before they get up.
Anil Agarwal|The environmental effects of the automobile are well known: motor vehicles cause, for example, as much as 75 percent of the noise and 80 percent of the air pollution in our cities, and the industry must face mounting pressure from environmentalists.
