Roger Waters|When Love Was NewWhen love was newand life was young,and once we walkedin gracious sun,I never dreamt of darker days,or feared that fate had cruel ways.When life was strongand love was free,and time was onceeternity -we never planned for more or less,nor stopped to think we should digress.When love was youngand life was new,and everythingwas once our due,I never doubted what I owned,nor knew the cost was merely loaned.Now love is triedand life is old,and still my feetdrag down the road -not knowing where it all has gone,nor how much more it still goes on.But life grows newand love gets old,and this tired heartstays off the cold -not caring it compares with fools,nor wise enough to fear the rules.-Drea Damara
Keira Blackwood, Bodyguard|Maybe love was different for everyone, sometimes soft and gentle, other times a slap in the face—a doe-eyed vixen that called you out on your shit and set every inch of you on fire.
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway To Empowerment:  Soulfully Empowering You to Overcome Life's Challenges & to Achieve Your Goals|These words are not just destined to be shared with the mind - but, the Soul.
Arnold Sommerfeld, Atombau Und Spektrallinien|The great object is to find the theory of the matter [of X-rays] before anyone else, for nearly every professor in Europe is now on the warpath.
Mickey Drexler|I once wrote that Lord Moran, Churchill's doctor, had doctored his diaries as well as his famous patient. That was true but unfair. Although their authenticity as contemporary, daily accounts is often questionable, the observations are quite wonderful.
Christina Engela, Loderunner|What's the feeling everyday somebody to say right in your face lie... ( like a woman which sucks your dick and your semen goes right in hermouth) and you can't do anything on this problem??And what to tell you move on, soon or later??
Michael A. Wood Jr.|As a leader, I am there to make the best decisions possible with the evidence at hand and to be able to justify that decision. If it goes wrong, we add to the evidence for making the next decision, but there is no reason for regretting failure, as failure is just the production of evidence.
Lewis N. Roe, From A To Theta: Taking The Tricky Subject Of Religion And Explaining Why It Makes Sense In A Way We Can All Understand|The law says you have the right to hold a nigger, but begging the law's pardon, it lies. . . Is everything right because the law allows it? Suppose they'd pass a law taking away your liberty and making you a slave?
Steven Galloway, The Cellist of Sarajevo|She felt an enveloping happiness to be alive, a joy made stronger by the certainty that someday it would all come to an end. Afterward she felt a little foolish, and never spoke to anyone about it. Now, however, she knows she wasn't being foolish. She realizes that for no particular reason she stumbled into the core of what it is to be human. It's a rare gift to under stand that you life is wondrous, and that it won't last forever. 
Jessalyn Gilsig|Every breath we take, every step we make, can be filled with peace, joy and serenity.
Jan Jansen|While the club-kid lifestyle might’ve once appealed to him, after he discovered even drugs wouldn’t dull his sharpened reality, he went into each round cold.
K.J. Charles, A Case of Possession|THUMB, I HOPE I WILL NOT BORE YOU WITH HOW TOTALLY, TOTALLY I ADORE YOU. THE FUNNY WAY YOU HAVE OF TALKING, THE CUTE WAY YOU HAVE OF WALKING. PLEASE DO NOT FEEL THAT I AM STALKING YOU. LOVE, HENDERSON
Ogor Winnie Okoye|practice only envisioning yourself at the finish line and be unrelenting and fervent in racing towards that finish line. Undue preoccupation and fixation with the how's, whens, and what ifs will not only derail and further distance you from your destination, but will also feed your mind with those fatal seeds of doubt that make failure inevitable" ~ Awaken and Unleash your Victor
Kahlil Gibran, Sand and Foam|If your heart is a volcano, how shall you expect flowers to bloom?
Prabuj|Bitches act, loyal react
Stephen King, La Milla Verde|But then Klaudia's lips curled ino a conniving smile."Actually, Aria, I'm going to fuck your boyfriend. Ton
Nassim Nicholas Taleb, The Black Swan: The Impact of the Highly Improbable|Missing a train is only painful if you run after it! Likewise, not matching the idea of success others expect from you is only painful if that’s what you are seeking.
Dean C. Barnlund|Who can say for certain that he is sincere, who can say for certain that he believes? In the midst of of our deepest emotions we are acting a comedy with ourselves; within us one self is always mocking another self. - priscilla and emily lofte
Anita Papas, The Positive You!|Even when we seek advice from others, deep inside we wish the advice given to us is the one we are secretly already wishing for in our hearts.
Paul Silway, Heaven I - Paradise: The City and Throne|The more you read the gospel, the more you understand God.
Adrianne Palicki|Long intros are cool because there's a little bit of anticipation, you know?
Cameron West, First Person Plural: My Life as a Multiple|We must understand that those who experience abuse as children, and particularly those who experience incest, almost invariably suffer from a profound sense of guilt and shame that is not meliorated merely by unearthing memories or focusing on the content of traumatic material. It is not enough to just remember. Nor is achieving a sense of wholeness and peace necessarily accomplished by either placing blame on others or by forgiving those we perceive as having wronged us. It is achieved through understanding, acceptance, and reinvention of the self. At this point in time there are people who question the validity of the DID diagnosis. The fact is that DID has its own category in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders because, as with all psychiatric conditions, a portion of society experiences a cluster of recognizable symptoms that are not better accounted for by any other diagnosis.
Jensen Ackles|My dad used to wake me up at 5:30 in the morning and hit me ground balls and tell me, 'Don't be afraid to excel. Don't be afraid to be great.'
MH Mahdi|All teenagers are drama queens inside their minds, even the mousiest of us. We load and reload movies of ourselves in heroic postures and outlandish triumphs, movies that if they were ever to be played in front of an audience of people we know and love, would cause us to shrivel in shame
Paul Dermée, The Cubist Poets in Paris: An Anthology|Ever, could I or could I not count the shadows of your being?
Antonella Gambotto-Burke, Mouth|Make that cage golden, it’s still a fucking cage.”“Wel , in the absence of other options, gold will have to do.
Susan C. Young|Successfully juggling the demands of your personal and professional life may feel like a daunting and unrealistic task. Employers know all too well that if an employee’s personal life is suffering, their work life will too. And visa-versa. Even the most self-aware and diligent person can be challenged. How can you rebalance your life to prevent burnout and promote well-being?
Donald Bren|I believe in dressing for the occasion. There's a time for sweater, sneakers and Levis and a time for the full-dress jazz.
Amit Ray, Meditation: Insights and Inspirations|Meditation is listening to the song of the inner Soul, seeing the beauty of the inner Self, smelling the fragrance of the inner Spirit, experiencing the touch of the Divine inner energies and tasting the intense sweetness of the inner God.
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, Essence of Reality: A Clear Awareness of How Life Works|The real Journey is a personal venture into your own mind content. Nobody, not the greatest mystic, the most vaunted guru, the most hailed psychologist, though they might shuttle you along the trail for a ways, will get you there. Only you yourself can do that.
Gena Showalter, The Darkest Passion|Why? Do you plan to make out with her?"His teeth ground with so much force he feared they would soon be nothing but a fond memory. "I plan to question her.""Ah. So that's what the kids are calling it these days. Well, have fun." with that, a still-grinning Paris strolled from the room.
Georges Limbour|Leaves that rustled, twigs that scraped and rattled. But the thin shapes weren't falling, they were scurrying head first down the tree-trunks at a speed that seemed to leave time behind. Some of them had no shape they could have lived with, and some might never have had any skin. She saw their shriveled eyes glimmer eagerly and their toothless mouths gape with an identical infantile hunger. Their combined weight bowed the lowest branches while they extended arms like withered sticks to snatch the child. ("With The Angels")
Karen Halvorsen Schreck, While He Was Away|I'll never tell you to stop loving. You see, I believe in hopeless love. Oh yes. I believe in it with all my heart, though you may discount the heart of an old nanny like me. For real love brings pain. Real love means sacrifices and hurts and all the thousand shocks of life. But it also means beauty, true beauty.
Orson Scott Card, Shadow of the Giant|It was stealing her breath, imbecile. Go get a towel." -Christophe, Strange Angels by Lili St. Crow
Jenna Hilary Sinclair, Admit One|Kevin had been born to make love to a man, the same way I had.
Kristen Clark & Bethany Baird|In your walk with Christ, you shall meet crises, but, when crises arise, remember Christ!
John Paul DeJoria|Some people regard private enterprise as a predatory tiger to be shot. Others look on it as a cow they can milk. Not enough people see it as a healthy horse, pulling a sturdy wagon.
Holly Hood, Ink|You know, Hope is also rather interesting, there's just not two of her, Dad teased Nona
Mac Canoza|Character is a course, finish it.
John Green|The world," he said, "is not a wish-granting factory," and then he broke down, just for one moment, his sob roaring impotent like a clap of thunder unaccompanied by lightning, the terrible ferocity that amateurs in the field of suffering might mistake for weakness.
James Scott, Senior Fellow, Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology|The way to stifle China’s growth is to inhibit the flow of their connectivity. In order to slow down Chinese expansion, we need to cripple their cyber-kinetic-political connectivity. Indirect polarization, in all forms, must be at the forefront of the agenda when conducting influence operations on all things China.
Rosamunde Pilcher, September|Her family... Love and involvement brought joy, but as well could become a hideously heavy millstone slung about one's neck. And the worst was that she felt useless because there was not a mortal thing she could do to help resolve their problems.
Kathy Reichs|Education forms the common mind. Just as the twig is bent, the tree's inclined.
The Dictionary of Obscure Sorrows|Your life is written in indelible ink. There's no going back to erase the past, tweak your mistakes, or fill in missed opportunities. When the moment's over, your fate is sealed. But if look closer, you notice the ink never really dries on any our experiences. They can change their meaning the longer you look at them.Klexos.There are ways of thinking about the past that aren't just nostalgia or regret. A kind of questioning that enriches an experience after the fact. To dwell on the past is to allow fresh context to trickle in over the years, and fill out the picture; to keep the memory alive, and not just as a caricature of itself. So you can look fairly at a painful experience, and call it by its name.Time is the most powerful force in the universe. It can turn a giant into someone utterly human, just trying to make their way through. Or tell you how you really felt about someone, even if you couldn't at the time. It can put your childhood dreams in context with adult burdens or turn a universal consensus into an embarrassing fad. It can expose cracks in a relationship that once seemed perfect. Or keep a friendship going by thoughts alone, even if you'll never see them again. It can flip your greatest shame into the source of your greatest power, or turn a jolt of pride into something petty, done for the wrong reasons, or make what felt like the end of the world look like a natural part of life.The past is still mostly a blank page, so we may be doomed to repeat it. But it's still worth looking into if it brings you closer to the truth.Maybe it's not so bad to dwell in the past, and muddle in the memories, to stem the simplification of time, and put some craft back into it. Maybe we should think of memory itself as an art form, in which the real work begins as soon as the paint hits the canvas. And remember that a work of art is never finished, only abandoned.
Michael Marshall Smith, Spares|How are you going to spend your day today? The key word being spend. Our time is one of the most precious gifts in our lives. Once today is over, that's it. Think about how you really want to spend your day. Tomorrow, today will be history. It's your life, your history. How do you want to write the history of your life today…?
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Invincible|If you want to know the Correct term for me, I'm a Dark-Hunter."Nick digested that word slowly. "Which means what? You hunt darkness?""Yes, Nick. That's exactly what I do. There's just not enough of it." Now, there was some sarcasm you could cut with a knife.
Paul Arden, Whatever You Think, Think the Opposite|If you always make the right decision, the safe decision, the one most people make, you will be the same as everyone else.
James Hansen|With the continued support of citizens who refuse to accept inaction at the expense of future generations, we will lead the world toward a sustainable future.
Britney Spears|There is nothing more difficult to take in hand, more perilous to conduct, or more uncertain in its success, than to take the lead in the introduction of a new order of things.
Eddie Murphy|In cartoons, in movies, time passes differently. There are flashbacks and flashfowards.
Cecil Baldwin|What's past is prologue, and the world awaits.
Debasish Mridha|To find inner peace, exercise kindness and compassion.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead|I am alone, I thought, and they are everybody.
Willow Aster, True Love Story|There is enough heartache and sorrow in this life without our adding to it through our own stubbornness, bitterness, and resentment.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|On Easter we wrap up pretty, little decorated eggs symbolizing life and renewal. We do this because of the intangibility of a promised gift, which is the eventual resurrection of the body, restored to its finest forever state. Easter celebrates life and the idea of its eternal value, most notably the life of the gift-giver who demands nothing in return. He is your Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ.
Martin Luther|A woman must be a woman and cannot be a man. She, too, is God's creature and her divine station is that she should bear and care for and rear children. So I am a man created for another office and work. But should I be proud because of this and say: I am not a woman, therefore I am better in the sight of God? Should I not rather praise God for creating both the woman and me also through the woman and putting me in this station? What a un-Christian thing it is that one should despire another because he is in another station or is doing something other then he is doing?... "Everyone who exalts himself will be humbled." for God will not and can not tolerate such pride and arrogance.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|The shots left a hard ringing sound within the closeness of the brick walls. Terry held the pistol at arm's length on a level with his eyes--the Russian Tokarev resembling an old-model Colt .45, big and heavy--and made the sign of the cross with it over the dead. He said, "Rest in peace, motherfuckers," turned, and walked out of the beer lady's house to wait at the side of the road.
Ray Bradbury|Everyone must leave something behind when he dies, my grandfather said. A child or a book or a painting or a house or a wall built or a pair of shoes made. Or a garden planted. Something your hand touched some way so your soul has somewhere to go when you die, and when people look at that tree or that flower you planted, you’re there.
Eva Herzigova|Asian people have a unique way about them and a different sense of beauty. It's exotic to me. I like they way Asians project their feelings. There's a hardness to the culture, but at the same time there's a delicateness.
Jeaniene Frost, Once Burned|I said. “I’m fine. I have a little bit of a head ache, but I’m not dizzy or nauseous. I can walk and talk just fine, and I can remember everything.” “Everything, huh? Don’t self-diagnose, Doctor Fisher. Do you remember when the Battle of Bunker Hill was fought?” “The what?” “The Battle of Bunker Hill. We covered it in World Civ.” “No, we did not.” “We did, too. The unit on the American Revolution.” “Davin, that was like, two years ago! I don’t remember stuff like that!” “So, not everything.” “Everything important.” “That happens to have been a very significant battle,” Davin reminded me, in a smug tone.
Jackie French, Lady Dance|Dance, my darling dance! If you dance then death can't catch you! Nothing bad can touch you! Dance!
Jennifer E. Smith, The Statistical Probability of Love at First Sight|People talk about books being an escape, but here on the tube, this one feels more like a lifeline...The motion of the train makes her head rattle, but her eyes lock on the words the way a figure skater might choose a focal point as she spins, and just like that, she's grounded again.
Jandy Nelson, The Sky Is Everywhere|I'm in self-imposed exile, cradled between split branches, in my favorite tree in the woods behind school. I've been coming here every day at lunch, hiding out until the bell rings, whittling words into the branches with my pen, allowing my heart to break in private.
Anthony Liccione|Without the sun, there is no shadow; without the Son, there is only shadow.
Marie Belloc Lowndes, The Mammoth Book of Modern Ghost Stories|So the people of Earth thought they had instructions from the Creator of the Universe Himself to wreck the joint. But they were going at it too slowly for the Elders, so the Elders put it into the people's heads that they themselves were the life forms that were supposed to spread out through the Universe. This was a preposterous ideas, of course. In the words of a nameless author: "How could all that meat, needing so much food and water and oxygen, and with bowel movements so enormous, expect to survive a trip of any distance whatsoever through the limitless void of outer space? It was a miracle that such ravenous and cumbersome giants could make a roundtrip for a 6-pack to the nearest grocery store.
Andrew Olendzki, Unlimiting Mind: The Radically Experiential Psychology of Buddhism|Mindfulness means being present to whatever is happening here and now - when mindfulness is strong, there is no room left in the mind for wanting something else. With less liking and disliking of what arises, there is less pushing and pulling on the world, less defining of the threshold between self and other, resulting in a reduced construction of self. As the influence of self diminishes, suffering diminishes in proportion.
Charles Boardman Hawes|Each one's no longer consciousOf the high wall, or the rest:Since the one enduring fortress,Is the soldier's iron breast.If you’d live unconquered,Quickly arm, and fight the real foe:Every wife an Amazon bred,And every child a hero.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|Chinese proverb says that a journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. This journey had begun with the coercion of my body, with my own wild hope.
Mother Angelica|People is, I think, it's their nature - some people's nature, in a way, to be angry or jealous or just spiteful about somebody else's blessings.
Debbie Ford, Courage: Overcoming Fear and Igniting Self-Confidence|It takes a warrior's courage to acknowledge that your point of view matters, that your truth matters, that your gifts matter, and that your presence on this earth matters. You don't have to earn this right; it's yours as part of your birthright.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|Challenge quandary thinking, either/or thinking come by moving from the abstract to the concrete. What can we do with the choice actually in front of us?
John Henry Newman, Parochial and Plain Sermons [Complete]|To know oneself is, above all, to know what one lacks.
Lukasz Laniecki, You Have The Right Not To Make Your Parents Proud. A Book Of Quotes|Parents were good to us, gave us a lot, took care for us when we couldn’t have taken care for ourselves, wanted the best for us, continue to care about us and our future, but none of it is good enough a reason to fulfil their dreams/ do everything in order to make them happy/ provide them with a peace of mind, or whatever they want for themselves.
Robin L. Rotham, Alien Overnight|That night Tommy kissed him and eased his way into Chase’s body so gently that when Chase came, his vision washed in white, not red, and it did for him what sex with Tommy always did for him: set him free and let him fly.
Rainer Werner Fassbinder|Four years in the White House and two presidential campaigns is an awful long time. In politics, every year in the White House is like dog years, six years off your life.
John D. Rockefeller, Quotations by John D. Rockefeller|It is very important to remember what other people tell you, not so much what you yourself already know.
Birgitte Hjort Sorensen|My earliest, most impactful encounter with a book was when I was seven and awoke early on Christmas morning to find Roald Dahl's 'Charlie and the Chocolate Factory' in my stocking. I had never been so excited by the sight of a book - and have possibly never been since!
Ian Rankin, Blood Hunt|The shame-based person is nearly always enmeshed in some way with one or more people. While we are in a dysfunctional, shame-based relationship, we may feel like we are losing our mind, going crazy. When we try to test reality, we are unable to trust our senses, our feelings and our reactions.
Brian Tracy|You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control your attitude toward what happens to you, and in that, you will be mastering change rather than allowing it to master you.
Andrei Tarkovsky|My objective is to create my own world and these images which we create mean nothing more than the images which they are. We have forgotten how to relate emotionally to art: we treat it like editors, searching in it for that which the artist has supposedly hidden. It is actually much simpler than that, otherwise art would have no meaning. You have to be a child—incidentally children understand my pictures very well, and I haven’t met a serious critic who could stand knee-high to those children. We think that art demands special knowledge; we demand some higher meaning from an author, but the work must act directly on our hearts or it has no meaning at all.
Mehmet Murat ildan|The miracle of a single tree in the middle of nowhere originates from its own power, its own belief in itself!
Robin Sloan, Mr. Penumbra's 24-Hour Bookstore|After that, the book will fade, the way all books fade in your mind. But I hope you will remember this:A man walking fast down a dark lonely street. Quick steps and hard breathing, all wonder and need. A bell above a door and the tinkle it makes. A clerk and a ladder and warm golden light, and then: the right book exactly, at exactly the right time.
Debasish Mridha|Come slowly over the hills and valleys to touch my soul, feel my heart, and vanish in my joy.
Lorrie Moore, Like Life|She wore a lot of gray-green corduroy. She had been under the impression that it brought out her eyes, those shy stars.
Orlando Figes, The Whisperers: Private Life in Stalin's Russia|Political indoctrination was geared towards producing activists. The propaganda image of the ideal child was a precocious political orator mouthing agitprop. Communism could not be taught from books, educational thinkers maintained. It had to be instilled through the whole life of the school, which was in turn to be connected to the broader world of politics through extra-curricular activities, such as celebrating Soviet holidays, joining public marches, reading newspapers and organizing school debates and trials. The idea was to initiate the children into the practices, cults and rituals of the Soviet system so that they would grow up to become loyal and active Communists.
Dean Koontz, Brother Odd|It is finally about the quality of the conversations and silences we share, isn't it? We become strangers when we have nothing to say to each other. We die to each other, when the conversations in us die. Sometimes, a little every day, until one day we go completely silent and we are simply left looking at a stranger whose habits we know
Mark Buchanan, Your God Is Too Safe|Sometimes doubting is not a lack of faith, but an expression of it. Sometimes to doubt is to merely insist that God be taken seriously not frivolously, to insist that our faith is placed in and upheld by something other than seeming conjuring tricks.
Nikki Rowe|Solitude, at first is scary. All you have is yourself. After a while its comforting, it knows the real you and cant judge you for it. If you live it long enough it becomes an addiction, like all things, too much of it and you will go insane but not enough of it will also send you there.n
Junot Diaz|Actually oddly enough, I think my work, the activism, will be forgotten. And I hope it will. Because I hope those problems will have gone away.
Ai Weiwei|As a designer, the mission with which we have been charged is simple: providing space at the right cost.
Carrie Ann Ryan, Prowled Darkness|You scared the life out of me.""Good thing cats have nine lives, then," she teased.
Diana Quick|Life is never fair, and perhaps it is a good thing for most of us that it is not.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Frankenstein|I love that she loves me a 10, on a 5-point scale. Well, I know it’s a 5-point scale, though I asked her on a 1-100 scale.  
Rae Carson, The Bitter Kingdom|I think sometimes when we find love we pretend it away, or ignore it, or tell ourselves we’re imagining it. Because it is the most painful kind of hope there is.
Jo Nesbø, Cockroaches|That hurts my pride, Watson. It is a petty feeling, no doubt, but it hurts my pride. It becomes a personal matter with me now..."-Sherlock Holmes--The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes: The Five Orange Pips-
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|I want everything back, the way it was. But there is no point to it, this wanting.
Nancy Gibbs|Al Qaeda's message that violence, terrorism and extremism are the only answer for Arabs seeking dignity and hope is being rejected each day in Tunisia, Egypt, Libya, Syria, Yemen, Bahrain and throughout the Arab lands.
Benjamin Franklin, Fart Proudly: Writings of Benjamin Franklin You Never Read in School|A man of words and not of deeds, Is like a garden full of weeds.
Sunday Adelaja|...this is a way of handling a fear of losing control. One way - which is perhaps not the best way - to try and regain control is to talk, talk, talk.Love Professor - to Jennifer
Philippa Gregory, The Red Queen|Over time, we would learn each other, and I would learn to love her like a mother loves a daughter, imperfectly and without roots.
Robin Alexander, Dear Me|A coalescence of verbose convolution, veering on imperceptibility, impinges upon a plain proclamation an apparent profundity.
Nien Cheng, Life and Death in Shanghai|There’s always someone bigger and badder who can knock you off your perch—even if you’re me. Never forget it and you don’t have to worry about corruption. You’ll be too afraid with watching your own back. --Alexandria "Dria" McAndrews
Lil Wayne|Ideas are only lethal if you suppress and don't discuss them. Ignorance is not bliss, it's stupid. Banning books shows you don't trust your kids to think and you don't trust yourself to be able to talk to them.
Sanjeev Himachali|MARRIAGE IS NOT AN EVENT. Marriage is a journey. A journey that begins from the very day you hold hands of one another to walk together rest of your journey. During the journey, you LAUGH together; CRY together; care for one another, pacify each other, and you create a new world for yourself. You walk together during all seasons. You share your JOY and you share your PAIN. You continue to walk together until time parts you away.
Talees Rizvi|Plan me if you can"... Challenges LIFE
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|The Master said, “The gentleman understands what is right, whereas the petty man understands profit.”(Analects 4.16)
Arash Tabish|In all my childhood, they was promoting hate towards non Muslims and towards people who don't believe and worship like how we did. They thought to hate non Muslims like Jude and Christians cause they are dirty and worse then pigs. as a Christian in my country, i had no rights, everyday of my life i was living in fear or death. I had no rights in a country where i born and growth. But now when they ( Muslims ) has debate or conversation with non Muslims, they said Islam is the best and true religion cause as muslims we respect all human rights. But i must say it is not true at all cause i can not have any right in my country if i want to be a christian, even not rights of being alive. So how they said then that muslims respect all human rights? They don't, they are just making fool of themselves and some who don't know.
John Lanchester, Capital|Always remember when it comes to family arguments and disputes. "Blood is thicker than anger.
Grace Crandall, Ashes|he had never been meant to be a spy; he was a soldier. a soldier kept his sanity by distancing himself from his enemies, making them something far away and almost inhuman; merely an idea that bled when you stabbed it.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|Who trusts the Bridge Builder when you wake to snow on your blankets and winter blasting through cracked walls and dinner for four is a fifty cent box of Kraft Dinner rationed in half and your dad tells you every single day that he just doesn't know how there is ever going to be enough?How do you count on life when the hopes don't add up?A morning in late November, joy shimmers.The hopes don't have to add up. The blessings do....count blessings and discover who can be counted on.
L.M. Montgomery|Walter looked about him lingeringly and lovingly. This spot had always been so dear to him. What fun they all had had here lang syne. Phantoms of memory seemed to pace the dappled paths and peep merrily through the swinging boughs–Jem and Jerry, bare-legged, sunburned schoolboys, fishing in the brook and frying trout over the old stone fireplace; Nan and Di and Faith, in their dimpled, fresh-eyed childish beauty; Una the sweet and shy, Carl, poring over ants and bugs, little slangy, sharp-tongued, good-hearted Mary Vance–the old Walter that had been himself lying on the grass reading poetry or wandering through palaces of fancy. They were all there around him–he could see them almost as plainly as he saw Rilla–as plainly as he had once seen the Pied Piper piping down the valley in a vanished twilight. And they said to him, those gay little ghosts of other days, "We were the children of yesterday, Walter–fight a good fight for the children of today and tomorrow.
Octavio Paz|Poetry is not a genre in harmony with the modern world; its innermost nature is hostile or indifferent to the dogmas of modern times, progress and the cult of the future.
Bisco Hatori, Ouran High School Host Club, Vol. 17|After being around such crazy people, how could I not change too?
Matthew Pierce, Homeschool Sex Machine: Babes, Bible Quiz, and the Clinton Years|Hey girl, I saw the Apostle Paul and he said for you to greet me with a holy kiss.
Dimitris Mita|To most Americans, a dog is a potential mate. To some Chinese, a dog is potential meat.
M.J. Pullen|The writing that so thrills and exhilarates you, as if you were dancing right next to the band, is barely audible to anyone else.
Pope Benedict XVI, Jesus of Nazareth, Part Two: Holy Week: From the Entrance into Jerusalem to the Resurrection|Ultimately, in the battle against lies and violence, truth and love have no other weapon than the witness of suffering.
Mary Balogh, Simply Magic|Even friends need private spaces, if only within the depths of their own souls, where no one else is allowed to intrude.
Ratish Edwards|People come and go, some stay for a while some leave soon. But when they go they take away the memories, promises, dreams and a part of my life.
Toni Morrison, Beloved|She knew Paul D was adding something to her life—something she wanted to count on but was scared to... His waiting eyes and awful human power. The mind of him that knew her own. Her story was bearable because it was his as well—to tell, to refine and tell again. The things neither knew about the other—the things neither had word-shapes for—well, it would come in time.
Charles Dickens|Actually, they fought to fill the emptiness of their lives as they filled their empty glasses. They fought—not because the liquor was in them, but because it did not fill them enough.
Anonymous|You can’t rid yourself of freedom the way you’d rid yourself of lice, brother.
Jodi Lynn Anderson, Tiger Lily|I am Envy, begotten of a chimney-sweeper and an oyster-wife. I cannot read, and therefore wish all books were burnt; I am lean with seeing others eat - O that there would come a famine through all the world, that all might die, and I live alone; then thou should'st see how fat I would be! But must thou sit and I stand? Come down, with a vengeance!
Virginia Woolf, The Voyage Out|The vision of her own personality, of herself as a real everlasting thing, different from anything else, unmergeable, like the sea or the wind, flashed into Rachel's mind, and she became profoundly excited at the thought of living.
George R.R. Martin|A stage adaptation of The Giver has been performed in cities and towns across the USA for years. More recently an opera has been composed and performed. And soon there will be a film. Does The Giver have the same effect when it is presented in a different way: It's hard to know. A book, to me is almost sacrosanct: such an individual and private thing. The reader brings his or her own history and beliefs and concerns, and reads in solitude, creating each scene from his own imagination as he does. There is no fellow ticket-holder in the next seat. The important thing is that another medium--stage, film, music--doesn't obliterate a book. The movie is here now, on a big screen, with stars and costumes and a score. But the book hasn't gone away. It has simply grown up, grown larger, and begun to glisten in a new way.
Kayla Severson, Nature's 1st Gem Is Green|If only Myrtle would pay attention to the Boy's Own Journal, Blackwood's Magazine, etc., she would know that these creatures were Threls, who come from a worldlet called Threlfall on the far side of the asteroid belt. This Threlfall is a cheerless, chilly spot, and the whole history and religion of the Threls has been concerened with their quest to knit a nice woolly coverlet for it.
Barbara W. Tuchman, A Distant Mirror:  The Calamitous 14th Century|A reformer exhorted children that they would succeed where he and his colleagues had failed with the charge: "Live for that better day.
Jane Campion|I think that the romantic impulse is in all of us and that sometimes we live it for a short time, but it's not part of a sensible way of living. It's a heroic path and it generally ends dangerously.
Deyth Banger|I like facts, I like books, I like films... but you still know the few from everything about me.
Patricia A. McKillip, The Forgotten Beasts of Eld|Be patient, as you must always be patient with new pale seeds buried in the dark ground. When you are stronger, you can begin to think again. But now is the time to feel.
Heidi Cullinan|Thankyou,"Catherine said, the smile still hovering on her lips. "That is kind of you my lord. But i will never dance with you." Which, ofcourse, made it the goal of leo's life.
Nick Flynn|I am that which unloves me and loves; I am stricken, and I am the blow.
Faraz Ahmed Rizwan|People don't hurt, But Expectations from people give you sadness.
Lailah Gifty Akita|What is the deeds of life; to serve, to sacrifice , to share!
Salman Rushdie, The Satanic Verses|The owners and top managers of most news media organizations tend to be conservative and Republican. This is hardly surprising. The shareholders and executives of multi-billion-dollar corporations are not very interested in undermining the free enterprise system, for example, income from offended advertisers. These owners and managers ultimately decide which reporters, newscasters, and editors to hire or fire, promote or discourage. Journalists who want to get a head, therefore, may have to come to terms with the policies of the people who own and run media businesses.
Tom Althouse, The Frowny Face Cow|Is it a weakness not being able to hate? Or is it preparation for what is inevitable, the ability only to love.
Brad Meltzer, The Inner Circle|Don't miss the bus, boy. You're missing a lot of things in the world, better not miss that bus.
David Mitchell|I love getting on the subway because you get on the car, and you see the entire human race represented in any given subway car.
Kelly Cherry, The Exiled Heart: A Meditative Autobiography|The story of his great-grandfather . . . was his own story, too.
Ben Elton, Blind Faith|The Internet is a big distraction. It's distracting, it's meaningless; it's not real. It's in the air somewhere.
Dylan Thomas|In my craft or sullen artExercised in the still nightWhen only the moon ragesAnd the lovers lie abedWith all their griefs in their arms,I labour by singing lightNot for ambition or breadOr the strut and trade of charmsOn the ivory stagesBut for the common wagesOf their most secret heart.Not for the proud man apartFrom the raging moon I writeOn these spindrift pagesNor for the towering deadWith their nightingales and psalmsBut for the lovers, their armsRound the griefs of the ages,Who pay no praise or wagesNor heed my craft or art.
Sherman Alexie, The Toughest Indian in the World|If it's fiction, then it better be true.
Deyth Banger|Quotes = SuccessMusic = SuccessFailure = SuccessLoyalty = SuccessBooks = SuccessMistakes = Success...These are the lessons for today, try to put them in your bag and start using them one by one!
Eminem|Books are in no hurry. An act of creation is in no hurry; it reads us, it privileges us infinitely. The notion that it is the occasion for our cleverness fills me with baffled bitterness and anger.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whoever shall call on God, shall be saved.
Kygo|I travel all over the world, usually 10 months out of the year. I stay at a lot of hotels, and the ones I like best are clean and not complicated. You go to bed and say, 'Wow, I feel comfortable.'
Peter Benchley, Jaws|The guilt of not telling Frankie about Matt and me is overwhelming, but it's a pale second to the violation I feel that she read my most private, raw thoughts and destroyed them. She broke into my carefully guarded heart, stole the only remaining connection I had to Matt, and turned it into a monstrosity.
Anthony Trollope, The Belton Estate|As an Auyana man living in New Guinea under the Pax Australiana put it, “Life was better since the government came” because “a man could now eat without looking over his shoulder and could leave his house in the morning to urinate without fear of being shot.
Kahlil Gibran, Esprits rebelles|Despite the personalization of life’s events, all people largely experience the same general transformative stages of life and eventually we all encounter a row of similar tragedies. We do not experience identical lives or exemplify replicable personalities. Every person is a receptacle whom is capable of experiencing the full gamut of the entire human condition. Our lives act as a period of apprenticeship, which we devote laboring to discover the truths that we can live by.
Michael Hayden|American political elites feel very empowered to criticize the American intelligence community for not doing enough when they feel in danger, and as soon as we've made them feel safe again, they feel equally empowered to complain that we're doing too much.
Philippa Gregory, The Red Queen|Poor little girl. Poor little girl," Nan says, and at first I think she is speaking of the baby, perhaps it is a girl after all. But then I realize she is speaking of me, a girl of thirteen years, whose own mother has said that they can let her die as long as a son and heir is born.
Mauricio Sierra, Depersonalization: A New Look at a Neglected Syndrome|The house had been torn down. Nothing is left but the old white fence. There used to be privet bushes everywhere. "The smell of privet is the smell of summer for me," I say to Catherine."Yes, Mom." she says, "I know, Your memories are my memories now.
Conrad Hilton|In the circle of successful living, prayer is the hub that holds the wheel together. Without our contact with God we are nothing. With it, we are 'a little lower than the angels, crowned with glory and honor.
Chrissy Teigen|If you're in my shoes, and your goal is to leave people with the biggest possible smile on their face, then doing the meet-and-greet afterwards makes sense.
zia|Although she is far apart from me, but still we are living in the same air and under the same moon, when she breath i take her breath through the air to the core of my heart,i feel her,i smells her every moment…!
Munia Khan|When you run out of love, it’s really hard to understand whether you have lost your heart or your heart has lost you…
Robin Stern, The Gaslight Effect: How to Spot and Survive the Hidden Manipulation Others Use to Control Your Life|I think this point is so important, I'm going to repeat it: You should never listen to criticism that is primarily intended to wound, even if it contains more than a grain of truth.
Meg Jay, The Defining Decade: Why Your Twenties Matter--And How to Make the Most of Them Now|For people who are not on a particular social networking site, it can seem like you're not even living on the same planet— you're essentially not functioning in the same frame.
Kip S. Thorne|...Why is it that from the moment you enter medical school to the moment you retire, the only disorder that you will ever diagnose with a physics textbook is obesity? This is biology folks, it's endocrinology, it's physiology - physics has nothing to do with it. The laws of thermodynamics are always true, the energy balance equation is irrelevant...
William Gibson, Zero History|When you want to know how things really work, study them when they're coming apart.
Lennon Parham|I've got many close friends, but there's an awful lot about friendship that is not demonstrative in my case.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, The Guardian|Lydia: Strange how you always remember the pain someone gave you, but seldom the hurt you caused them.
William Shakespeare, A Midsummer Night's Dream|Lovers and madmen have such seething brainsSuch shaping fantasies, that apprehendMore than cool reason ever comprehends.
Sunday Adelaja|Our self- development is all about cultivating the traits that we need to achieve our life purpose, success and to carry out our mission
Hitori Nakano, Train Man|If you're going to give up so quickly, I don't think you'll last long but you should try telling yourself you won't ever give up. Nobody can say how this will turn out but you should try the hardest you've ever tried in your life so you'll have no regrets
Peter Ackroyd, Venice: Pure City|Reading is an important product of language that serves as a foundation of civilization. Without it, humans would essentially function on sound and instinct alone, much like beasts.
Margery Allingham, Look to the Lady|The process of elimination, combined with a modicum of common sense, will always assist us to arrive at the correct conclusion with the maximum of possible accuracy and the minimum of hard labor. Which being translated means: I guessed it.
Andrew Griffin, Crisis, Issues and Reputation Management: A Handbook for PR and Communications Professionals|Reputation is an outcome; but it is also a valuable, strategic asset.
Amanda Seyfried|You know, bad poetry I wrote in high school can still be found on the Internet, and, you know, there's a Web log of our college newspaper. You know, there's so many different stages of my creative development are sort of on-record if somebody were to choose to look for them.
Epictetus|God's mercy and grace give me hope - for myself, and for our world.
James P. Carse, Finite and Infinite Games: A Vision of Life as Play and Possibility|Please remember, no matter how hard it seems and no matter how badly you feel you can always become courageous.
Truman Capote, The Grass Harp, Including A Tree of Night and Other Stories|We need to go beyond the "Crossroads" to healing as a nation, to not loose focus of the values that made us, and to always be on the path towards compassion and love
Erich Fromm, Escape from Freedom|What the psychological analysis of doctrines can show is the subjective motivations which make a person aware of certain problems and make seek answers in certain directions. Any kind of though, true or false, is motivated by the subjective needs and interests of the person who is thinking. It happens that some interests are furthered by finding the truth, others by destroying it.
Dada Bhagwan|The inner intent one has of ‘may everyone attain salvation’, will bring salvation to himself first.
Henry Hazlitt, Thinking as a Science|Another big group of dolphins had just surfaced alongside our moving vessel—leaping and splashing and calling mysteriously back and forth in their squeally, whistly way, with many babies swift alongside their mothers. And this time, confined to just the surface of such deep and lovely lives, I was becoming unsatisfied. I wanted to know what they were experiencing, and why to us they feel so compelling, and so—close. This time I allowed myself to ask them the question that was forbidden fruit: Who are you? Science usually steers firmly from questions about the inner lives of animals. Surely they have inner lives of some sort. But like a child who is admonished that what they really want to ask is impolite, a young scientist is taught that the animal mind—if there is such—is unknowable. Permissible questions are “it” questions: where it lives; what it eats; what it does when danger threatens; how it breeds. But always forbidden—always forbidden—is the one question that might open the door: “Who?” — Carl Safina
Sebastian Thrun|Getting 'SNL' was pretty amazing, so just to be able to have an eight-year career there and be really happy with everything I did, it was pretty big.
Tom Morello|America touts itself as the land of the free, but the number one freedom that you and I have is the freedom to enter into a subservient role in the workplace. Once you exercise this freedom you’ve lost all control over what you do, what is produced, and how it is produced. And in the end, the product doesn’t belong to you. The only way you can avoid bosses and jobs is if you don’t care about making a living. Which leads to the second freedom: the freedom to starve.
Cameo Renae, In My Dreams|He grinned, a very dark and evil grin… the kind of grin that the Grinch had before he stole Christmas.
Wilma Rudolph|I love the simplicity and freedom of running. A pair of shoes, and you are all set to explore new trails.
Horace Walpole|The world is a tragedy to those who feel, but a comedy to those who think.
Georges Bizet|Reason will always be logical, Logic not always reasonable, For truth from reason derivable, And logic falsehood multipliable.
Tanya Masse|My heart longs for the day when there will be no more suffering, no more hatred or violence, only love and a child will be able to grow up in a world without ever having to know the pain and anguish of an empty belly.
RVM|A woman was counting her grams of gold in Sorrow while another, who had nothing, still counted her Blessings in Joy. Happiness is not what you HAVE, but how you FEEL.
Ava Dellaira, Love Letters to the Dead|Regret nothing. Not the cruel novels you read to the end just to find out who killed the cook. Not the insipid movies that made you cry in the dark, in spite of your intelligence, your sophistication. Not the lover you left quivering in a hotel parking lot, the one you beat to the punchline, the door, or the one who left you in your red dress and shoes, the ones that crimped your toes, don’t regret those. Not the nights you called god names and cursed your mother, sunk like a dog in the livingroom couch,b chewing your nails and crushed by loneliness. You were meant to inhale those smoky nights over a bottle of flat beer, to sweep stuck onion rings across the dirty restaurant floor, to wear the frayed coat with its loose buttons, its pockets full of struck matches. You’ve walked those streets a thousand times and still you end up here. Regret none of it, not one of the wasted days you wanted to know nothing, when the lights from the carnival rides were the only stars you believed in, loving them for their uselessness, not wanting to be saved. You’ve traveled this far on the back of every mistake, ridden in dark-eyed and morose but calm as a house after the TV set has been pitched out the upstairs window. Harmless as a broken ax. Emptied of expectation. Relax. Don’t bother remembering any of it. Let’s stop here, under the lit sign on the corner, and watch all the people walk by.
Heather Babcock|Time doesn’t really ‘march on’. It tends to tip-toe. There’s no parade. No stomping of boots to alert you to its passing. One day, you turn around and it is gone.
Orson Scott Card, Pathfinder|There are more good people than bad people, and overall there’s more that’s good in the world than there is that’s bad. We just need to hear about it, we just need to see it.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Silence|A man's vanity is more fragile that you might think. It's easy for us to mistake shyness for coldness, and silence for indifference.
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|And in the case of superior things like stars, we discover a kind of unity in separation. The higher we rise on the scale of being, the easier it is to discern a connection even among things separated by vast distances.
George Moore, Celibate Lives|But every man is more than just himself; he also represents the unique, the very special and always significant and remarkable point at which the world's phenomena intersect, only once in this way and never again.That is why every man's story is important, eternal, sacred; that is why every man, as long as he lives and fulfills the will of nature, is wondrous, and worthy of every consideration. In each individual, the spirit has become flesh, in each man the creation suffers, within each one a redeemer is nailed to the cross.
Tony Curl, Seriously Simple Stuff to Get You Unstuck|I get it! Something painful happens and that hate flares within and sticks around. Hate keeps the pain; forgiveness let's it go. Hate breeds poison, forgiveness breeds peace. When you chain yourself to hate, you chain yourself to pain.
Sanober  Khan|be the kiss in my hairthat no one seesmove, when i movesigh, when i sigh...be that line from a poemthat i hold in my eyes.
Walt Whitman, Song of Myself|I'm moving and not moving at all. I'm like the moon underneath the waves that ever go on rolling and rocking. It is not, "I am doing this," but rather, an inner realization that "this is happening through me," or "it is doing this for me." The consciousness of self is the greatest hindrance to the proper execution of all physical action.
Debasish Mridha|Our happiness or misery depends upon our perception, not on the situation.
R.D. Ronald, The Zombie Room|... Melissa. Where are you planning to go?" His voice was nasally, shit, he knew I had no idea where to go. "Well if you didn't change the apartment I was staying in I would. I was going to stay in a hotel" "How will you do that without your purse, sweetcheeks?" he sounded so damn cocky. I wanted to hit him, somehow through the phone."Look, wait there, ill come down. We should talk anyway""I have nothing to say" I grumbled "I have plenty" and he hung up.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Frankenstein|... 'Many waters cannot quench love' was said of divine, not human, love, which the Dean knew was not always tough enough to survive the indifference of misery. That was one of the chief reasons why he struggled to do away with misery.
William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet|If love be rough with you, be rough with love. Prick love for pricking and you beat love down.
Dorothy Bryant|The gaze of others is quite without indulgence for our defects and that of Mantegna is pitiless. I am grateful to him. Harshness, in the realm of the arts, is a virtue, and it is sometimes a good thing to see oneself as one is. My stupor, however, comes from the fact that people recognise me where I myself seem to see a stranger. This leads one to meditate more deeply on the matter. Are they dwelling on my superficial appearance rather than on what I really am? Who can say?
Julie Bowen|Don't work for recognition, but do work worthy of recognition.
Nicky Raven, Dracula|Doesn't sunlight kill them? Doesn't it turn them to dust, or make them burst into flames or something?""Nope. Vampires tan, just like you and me. Well, just like you. I tend to bleach.
Adrienne Rich, The Dream of a Common Language|No one’s fated or doomed to love anyone.The accidents happen, we’re not heroines,they happen in our lives like car crashes,books that change us, neighborhoodswe move into and come to love.Tristan and Isolde is scarcely the story,women at least should know the differencebetween love and death. No poison cup,no penance. Merely a notion that the tape-recordershould have caught some ghost of us: that tape-recordernot merely played but should have listened to us,and could instruct those after us:this we were, this is how we tried to love,and these are the forces they had ranged against us,and these are the forces we had ranged within us,within us and against us, against us and within us.
Irwin Winkler|I don't really measure success by anything other than if I am happy. That is success to me. Am I happy waking up every morning? And despite the challenges of running my own business, do I look forward to going to work? Absolutely.
Brandon Nolta, Iron and Smoke|Plans change, Iktomi said. Got a plan that doesn’t require explosives.Are you confident in that? Mangas asked.I’m a god, Iktomi replied. I’m always confident.I’m a human, Mangas thought, and we know shit happens.
Lisa Unger, Beautiful Lies|When you start to really know someone, all his physical characteristics start to disappear. You begin to dwell in his energy, recognize the scent of his skin. You see only the essence of the person, not the shell. That's why you can't fall in love with beauty. You can lust after it, be infatuated by it, want to own it. You can love it with your eyes and body but not your heart. And that's why, when you really connect with a person's inner self, any physical imperfections disappear, become irrelevant.
Waheed Ibne Musa, Johnny Fracture|She may be trained, but I'm fighting for my family, my home, my freedom. She's fighting for a goddamn paycheck.
Michael Servetus|My main trick is to work with amazing people. It's a long and twisty journey, and you need people that really are amazing and have this rare gift of honesty and courage and really open up.
Nelson Mandela|Is life so dear or peace so sweet as to be purchased at the price of chains and slavery? Forbid it, Almighty God! I know not what course others may take, but as for me, give me liberty, or give me death!
Tice Davids aka David T. Parker|Many people have argued that love is the prerequisite to courage. I beg to differ. Anything we are afraid to lose will not give way to courage. Time guarantees we will all eventually lose everything and everyone. Therefore, courage can only come by having faith in God.
Fred Barnett|The moonlight covered the tombstones with an ethereal glow, and the statues above the tombs stood like silent guards waiting for something to happen.
Scott Hayden|Teachers have three loves: love of learning, love of learners, and the love of bringing the first two loves together.
Georgia Clark, The Regulars|You are a goddess. You are a catch. You are, like, the outcome of every self-help book ever written.
William Henry Preece|The discovery of the telephone has made us acquainted with many strange phenomena. It has enabled us, amongst other things, to establish beyond a doubt the fact that electric currents actually traverse the earth's crust. The theory that the earth acts as a great reservoir for electricity may be placed in the physicist's waste-paper basket, with phlogiston, the materiality of light, and other old-time hypotheses.
Vivian Gornick, The Situation and the Story: The Art of Personal Narrative|Everything is 'just a story'. Tragedy, comedy, end of the world, what ever it's just a story. What matters is making sure it's heard.
Rachel Bloom|That's the miracle of Amazon! It's like Internet dating. In the early days, you could get slimed as an author on Amazon by someone bearing a grudge, or jealous, or whatever. And because there were so few reviews posted, this stank.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|The best fathers have the softest, sweetest hearts. In other words, great dads are real marshmallows.
Khalil Gibran|Champions invariably have fervent philosophical beliefs. Philosophy, in its simplest terms, means 'the love of wisdom.'
William Shakespeare, Love's Labour's Lost|Come on then, I will swear to study soTo know the thing I am forbid to know- Berowne
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross|A lot of parents today are terrified that something they say to their children might make them 'feel bad.' But, hey, if they've done something wrong, they should feel bad. Kids with a sense of responsibility, not entitlement, who know when to experience gratitude and humility, will be better at navigating the social shoals of college.
H.E. Davey, Japanese Yoga: The Way of Dynamic Meditation|Humankind has accumulated generation upon generation of knowledge, the culmination of which is the vast and useful technological array we see everywhere in modern society. Despite this great accumulation of knowledge and technology, we still suffer from starvation and war. The difference between the past and the present is the difference between throwing rocks and shooting missiles. We are still in conflict. Suffering on a fundamental level hasn’t ceased. But we nevertheless persist in the notion that if we just amass a bit more knowledge, we’ll all be o.k. Maybe a new philosophy will do the trick, or a new system of government. But all of this has been tried many times.Knowledge builds on the past and has its place. Wisdom is beyond time. It’s the direct perception of reality as it is. And in this direct seeing of what is lies the potential of transformation—a transformation that is not merely a redecoration of the past but a transformation of humanity that embodies the eternally new.
Anton Szandor LaVey, The Secret Life of a Satanist: The Authorized Biography of Anton LaVey|The crux and crisis is that man found it natural to worship, even natural to worship unnatural things
Jenny Slate|I'm big about washing my face before I go to bed, washing it when I wake up in the morning, getting good sleep and drinking a lot of water. Those are just easy things that you can do for your skin.
Byron Ortiz|Within a week I walked the streets of Tel-Aviv, I wandered around Budapest and found myself admiring the Architecture of Paris. That's the power of great literature.
Thomm Quackenbush, Artificial Gods|My Son, Only Tax and Death are for sure.
Caitlin Moran, How to Build a Girl|It doesn't matter," said Persephone. "He [Henry] wasn't supposed to do that. While I ruled with him, we only made a few exceptions, and even then there were so many caveats that no one ever really made it back to the surface. He violated everything he's stood for since the dawn of humanity to save your life.
Mary Balogh, Then Comes Seduction|He wished someone in the course of history had thought of striking that word and all its derivatives from the English Language - happy, happier, happiest, happiness. What the devil did the words really mean anyway? Why not just the word pleasure, which was far more... well, pleasant.
Ruby Elliot, It's All Absolutely Fine|My brain, having been suspended in a state of hyper-vigilance for such a long time, just packed in and said 'No more, your job now is to lie on the sofa incredibly still and just work on evaporating, you useless towel'. And so I did.
C. JoyBell C.|There are all these relationships that are like cookie cutter shapes; identical and repetitive. Then there are all these relationships that aren't even relationships! Just facades for show and tell. But every once and a while, you'll see this bird breaking out of this cage and it's so weird and it's so obscure and you've hardly ever seen it before so you don't even know at first if you should name it Ugly or Beautiful! Relationships, stories of love, that just shatter the walls around the mind. They made it. They broke through. Like Ugly-Beautiful birds bursting forth from rusty cages! And then suddenly you stop and you think to yourself, "Maybe love really is real.
N'Zuri Za Austin|Twas the night before Christmas And the moon was sitting high The kids were in bed,  Kissed and snuggled in tight The gifts were all wrapped There was love in the air It only came once  So it was handled with careThe curtains were drawn The cookies were bit It was time to blow out All those candles we’d litThe kids would soon wake With laughter in their hearts We had a big day ahead And early it would startLaughter’s and squeals  Jumps on the bed  Screaming, “Get up”! “Get up!” as they fledWrappings and ribbons  Thrown everywhere“Oh, I love you Mom and Dad!”Neither did spareFamily arrives, Carolers sing Stories were told  Of childhood memories This was true loveTrue love was in the air And it only came once  So it was handled with careNow the gifts have been opened And the food is all gone The songs were all sung And the guests have gone homeIt was time to get back  To life’s normal things It was time to put away  All that the holidays bringYou'll go to your office She'll go to her room He'll reach for his game I guess I'll grab the broom Christmas had come  And Christmas had went It only comes once a year But it is time well spent
Topsy Gift|There's no such things as coulda, shoulda, woulda. If you shoulda and coulda, you woulda done it.
Faisal Nawaz Maitlo|When we start to understand God, we will be offended less and we will react less to negative circumstances
Siobhan Fallon, You Know When the Men Are Gone|Love's night and a lampJudged our vows:That she would love me everAnd I should never leave her.Love's night and you, lamp,Witnessed the pact.Today the vow runs:"Oaths such as these, waterwords."Tonight, lamp,Witness her lying- In other arms.
Mike Tyson, Undisputed Truth|Burning cocaine is the worst smell in the world. It smells like burning plastic and rat poison combined. A friend of mine once told me, that when you want to know something about anything, put some fire under it. The fire brings out everything. You want to know something about a motherfucker? Put some fire under his ass. Well, when you put some fire under that cocaine, you know what it's made out of.
Olivia Wilde|I have to keep reminding myself: If you give your life to God, he doesn't promise you happiness and that everything will go well. But he does promise you peace. You can have peace and joy, even in bad circumstances.
Joshua Harris|Dating now is a lot like going shopping when you don't have any money. Even if you find the right thing, you can't do anything about it.
J.C. Reed, Surrender Your Love|To me, love was a drug. Jett was my drug.
Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich: The Landmark Bestseller - Now Revised and Updated for the 21st Century|Money talks, I record.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|A voracious gambler does not gamble until he wins, but until he loses everything, and a smart one knows when to quit.
Jack Gantos, Dead End in Norvelt|You were right the first time, Cathy. It was a stupid, silly story.Ridiculous! Only insane people would die for the sake of love. I'llbet you a hundred to one a woman wrote that junky romantic trash!"Just a minute ago I'd despised that author for bringing about such amiserable ending, then there I went, rushing to the defense. "T. M.Ellis could very well have been a man! Though I doubt any woman writerin the nineteenth century had much chance of being published, unlessshe used her initials, or a man's name. And why is it all men thinkeverything a woman writes is trivial or trashy-or just plain sillydrivel? Don't men have romantic notions? Don't men dream of findingthe perfect love? And it seems to me, that Raymond was far moremushy-minded than Lily!
H.L. Mencken, Gist of Mencken|Whether the mask is labeled fascism, democracy, or dictatorship of the proletariat, our great adversary remains the apparatus—the bureaucracy, the police, the military. Not the one facing us across the frontier of the battle lines, which is not so much our enemy as our brothers' enemy, but the one that calls itself our protector and makes us its slaves. No matter what the circumstances, the worst betrayal will always be to subordinate ourselves to this apparatus and to trample underfoot, in its service, all human values in ourselves and in others.
Kevin Powers, The Yellow Birds|There is a sharp distinction between what is remembered, what is told and what is true.
William Shakespeare, Othello|She wasn't any bigger than a minute and had hair like wild gold, and she was always merry as a marriage bell.
Jon Kabat-Zinn, Mindfulness for Beginners|The future that we want - this is it. This is the future of all the previous thoughts you've ever had about the future. You're in it. You're already in it. What is the purpose of all this living if it's only to get some place else and then when you're there you're not happy anyway, you want to be some place else. It's always for 'when I retire,' 'when I graduate college,' 'when I make enough money,' 'when I get married,' 'when I get divorced,' 'when the kids move out.' It's like, wait a minute, this is it. This is your life. We only have moments. This moment's as good as any other. It's perfect.
Robert Lighthizer|Outside of the Constitution we have no legal authority more than private citizens, and within it we have only so much as that instrument gives us. This broad principle limits all our functions and applies to all subjects.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Dream Thieves|Be bloody, bold, and resolute. Laugh to scornThe power of man, for none of woman bornShall harm Macbeth.
Raymond Carver, Where I'm Calling From: New and Selected Stories|I'm a heart surgeon, sure, but I'm just a mechanic. I go in and I fuck around and I fix things. Shit.
Daisaku Ikeda|The novel space is a pure space. I'm nobody once I go into that room. I'm not gay, I'm not bald, I'm not Irish. I'm not anybody. I'm nobody. I'm the guy telling the story, and the only person that matters is the person reading that story, the target. It's to get that person to feel what I'm trying to dramatize.
Debasish Mridha|Like a flower, be soft, loving, kind, and beautiful, but never lose the courage to bloom.
Allison Williams|You know, I only claim to play three instruments. My dad is a banker, but a drummer at heart; and my mom used to teach piano lessons when she was younger. So I can play some piano, play a little drums, and fake the bass - but banjo, mandolin, and guitar are my thing.
Hannah Fielding, Burning Embers|Coral, my love, you are too pure, too innocent, too alive for me,” he said slowly, almost carefully. “My world is like a drawing in black and white on a gray canvas, without a single note of color to bring it to life. And now, on this pale and melancholic picture, a red flower has fallen, a warm and scented flower.” He sighed. “It’s a wonderful contrast, but too vivid…
Kenneth G. Ross|Live each day as if it were your last, for one day, you're sure to be right.
Adrianna Stepiano, Impossible to Compose: Love in Poems|If you think of the moon as already used, it’s not as difficult to take in, because then it’s just like you,Traveled the world like you,Seen the globe like you,But, it’s still bright.
Brian Randleas, Harmony|Among wilderness survival tips, punching a wild animal in the face probably isn’t on a checklist.
Mark Twain|In the beginning of a change the patriot is a scarce man, and brave, and hated and scorned. When his cause succeeds, the timid join him, for then it costs nothing to be a patriot.
Jared Taylor|I think it would be more correct to say that mass movements are powerful, and therefore have the potential to do great damage or good. The United States mobilized in a way that could be called a mass movement to fight the Second World War–and so did the Japanese. Were those mass movements good or bad? Both nations felt justified in what they did, and the rights and wrongs depend on which side you are on.
George Pólya, How to Solve It: A New Aspect of Mathematical Method|Propagandists reveal themselves through their use of tricks such as "name-calling", employing "glittering generalities", "plain folks" identifications, "card stacking", "bandwagon" devices, and so on. Such devices could be identified easily in many religious and political speeches, even in academic lectures, and this approach to propaganda analysis led to a kind of witch-hunt for propagandists.
Edward Young, Night Thoughts: Or, The Complaint And The Consolation|He walked into the bathroom, wincing at himself in the mirror, that always more tired older brother.
Stephen Richards|Regardless of how far we have come, we are still looking for answers.
Eric Liddell|The love of Christ both wounds and heals, it fascinates and frightens, it kills and makes alive, it draws and repulses. There can be nothing more terrible or wonderful than to be stricken with love for Christ so deeply that the whole being goes out in a pained adoration of His person, an adoration that disturbs and disconcerts while it purges and satisfies and relaxes the deep inner heart.
Richard Cecil|They are few in the midst of an overwhelming mass of brute force, and their submission is wisdom; but for a nation like England to submit to be robbed by any invader who chooses to visit her shores seemed to me to be nonsense.
Mie Hansson|Hatred begets One with eyes Closed,The wiser's love cannot be sourced.
Kacie Cunningham, Conquer Me: Girl-To-Girl Wisdom About Fulfilling Your Submissive Desires|To the non-initiate, whose experience of sexuality and bodily pleasure may be distorted by negative cultural conditioning, the introduction of sexuality into a sacred context is often mistakenly misconstrued as the ordinary pursuit of sex for recreation.
Javier Marías|When we say that the West has brought us nothing but evil, do we mean that beef is evil, that cabbages are evil that the guisado is evil?
Henry David Thoreau|Every man casts a shadow; not his body only, but his imperfectly mingled spirit. This is his grief. Let him turn which way he will, it falls opposite to the sun; short at noon, long at eve. Did you never see it?
John Stahl-Wert, The Serving Leader: Five Powerful Actions to Transform Your Team, Business, and Community|Expect little, and we live up to the expectation. Expect a lot, and we stretch and grow to meet the expectation.
Kristen Ashley, The Gamble|Alarm clocks, I felt, were nothing more than a plague rained down by an evil force, possibly even Lucifer himself.
Joyce, T.S.|Tobias: No one ever said this would be easy, and you don’t seem like the type of woman to take the easy way out.
Roy  Bennett|A random act of kindness, no matter how small, can make a tremendous impact on someone else's life.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Welcome" is a word to use often! Leaders who maintain an open-door policy inspire trust, teamwork, and healthier communication. They are more likely to earn respect, gain buy-in, and foster collaboration.
|Be genuinely happy for other people's success, and always use their success stories to boost your level of will to succeed.
J.Z. Colby, Journey|He suffered from an unlucky faculty—common to many men, especially Russians—the faculty of seeing and believing in the possibility of good and truth, and at the same time seeing too clearly the evil and falsity of life to be capable of taking a serious part in it.
Eve Ensler, The Vagina Monologues|My vagina was green water, soft pink fields, cow mooing sun resting sweet boyfriend touching lightly with soft piece of blond straw.There is something between my legs. I do not know what it is. I do not know where it is. I do not touch. Not now. Not anymore. Not since.My vagina was chatty, can't wait, so much, so much saying, words talking, can't quit trying, can't quit saying, oh yes, oh yes.Not since I dream there's a dead animal sewn in down there with thick black fishing line. And the bad dead animal smell cannot be removed. And its throat is slit and it bleeds through all my summer dresses.My vagina singing all girl songs, all goat bells ringing songs, all wild autumn field songs, vagina songs, vagina home songs.Not since the soldiers put a long thick rifle inside me. So cold, the steel rod canceling my heart. Don't know whether they're going to fire it or shove it through my spinning brain. Six of them, monstrous doctors with black masks shoving bottles up me too. There were sticks, and the end of a broom.My vagina swimming river water, clean spilling water over sun-baked stones over stone clit, clit stones over and over.Not since I heard the skin tear and made lemon screeching sounds, not since a piece of my vagina came off in my hand, a part of the lip, now one side of the lip is completely gone.My vagina. A live wet water village. My vagina my hometown.Not since they took turns for seven days smelling like feces and smoked meat, they left their dirty sperm inside me. I became a river of poison and pus and all the crops died, and the fish.My vagina a live wet water village.They invaded it. Butchered it and burned itdown.I do not touch now.Do not visit.I live someplace else now.I don't know where that is.
Emily Dickinson, The Complete Poems of Emily Dickinson|One need not be a chamber to be haunted,One need not be a house;The brain has corridors surpassingMaterial place.Far safer, of a midnight meetingExternal ghost,Than an interior confrontingThat whiter host.Far safer through an Abbey gallop,The stones achase,Than, moonless, one's own self encounterIn lonesome place.Ourself, behind ourself concealed,Should startle most; Assassin, hid in our apartment,Be horror's least.The prudent carries a revolver,He bolts the door,O'erlooking a superior spectreMore near.
Jennifer Niven|I was beginning to realize that what I wanted was the noise of people living near me, but not near enough to cause any inaudible noises to show up because I knew that those sorts of noises often shift into inaudible minor chords and I am unable to deal with that shift.
Nikki Rowe|A true man will treat a woman how she treats herself, you can't expect to be a queen when your disrespecting your own crown.
Kevin Outlaw, The Wing Warrior|There is an inherent, humbling cruelty to learning how to run white water. In most other so-called "adrenaline" sports—skiing, surfing and rock climbing come to mind—one attains mastery, or the illusion of it, only after long apprenticeship, after enduring falls and tumbles, the fatigue of training previously unused muscles, the discipline of developing a new and initially awkward set of skills.Running white water is fundamentally different. With a little luck one is immediately able to travel long distances, often at great speeds, with only a rudimentary command of the sport's essential skills and about as much physical stamina as it takes to ride a bicycle downhill. At the beginning, at least, white-water adrenaline comes cheap.It's the river doing the work, of course, but like a teenager with a hot car, one forgets what the true power source is. Arrogance reigns. The river seems all smoke and mirrors, lots of bark (you hear it chortling away beneath you, crunching boulders), but not much bite. You think: Let's get on with it! Let's run this damn river!And then maybe the raft hits a drop in the river— say, a short, hidden waterfall. Or maybe a wave reaches up and flicks the boat on its side as easily as a horse swatting flies with its tail. Maybe you're thrown suddenly into the center of the raft, and the floor bounces back and punts you overboard. Maybe you just fall right off the side of the raft so fast you don't realize what's happening.It doesn't matter. The results are the same.The world goes dark. The river— the word hardly does justice to the churning mess enveloping you— the river tumbles you like so much laundry. It punches the air from your lungs. You're helpless. Swimming is a joke. You know for a fact that you are drowning. For the first time you understand the strength of the insouciant monster that has swallowed you.Maybe you travel a hundred feet before you surface (the current is moving that fast). And another hundred feet—just short of a truly fearsome plunge, one that will surely kill you— before you see the rescue lines. You're hauled to shore wearing a sheepish grin and a look in your eye that is equal parts confusion, respect, and raw fear.That is River Lesson Number One. Everyone suffers it. And every time you get the least bit cocky, every time you think you have finally figured out what the river is all about, you suffer it all over again.
Hans Urs von Balthasar, Unless You Become Like This Child|To be a child means to owe one's existence to another, and even in our adult life we never quite reach the point where we no longer have to give thanks for being the person we are.
Chase Brooks|He moved like a bird; twitching and bunching his shoulders. His head angled back and forth to watch me, and as he did, his biceps tightened. His dark hair was chin length and concealed most of his face. His mouth was wide in a disturbing smile that displayed his perfectly white teeth; the upper and lower canines sharpened to fine points.
ANIKOR Daniel|The universe has different kinds of frequency for different moods and different mindsets, you attract what your moods and mindset think or produce.
Erik Qualman|When we want to have our own style of living, it is nobody's business but ours. What we do in private is our private business.
Lynne Truss, Talk to the Hand: The Utter Bloody Rudeness of the World Today, or Six Good Reasons to Stay Home and Bolt the Door|...intelligence nowadays is all about application: it is the ability 'to take in a complex system and learn its rules on the fly'. For young people, this ability is second nature. Any fool knows that, if you need a new and unfamiliar VCR programmed in a hurry, you commandeer any small passing child to do it.
Alan J. Pakula|I work on OpenBSD fulltime, as the project leader. I set some directions, increase communication between the developers, and try to be involved in nearly every aspect of the base system.
Oli Anderson|I decided to give up meaningless sex, but then I remembered that everything is meaningless.
Richard J. Alley, Five Night Stand|Back then he'd hammered out rags as rough as the planks that made up that schoolhouse stage. Over the years he's taken a saw and rasp to those tunes and smoothed them at the edges, sanded them slowly over time with finer and finer grit paper, and applied a polish to them. The songs are comfortable now. People can take their shoes off to dance without fear of a spike in the foot; they can lie back on that smooth and waxed wood to take a nap in the afternoon or make love all night long. Oliver sees himself as a carpenter, a craftsman putting notes and melodies together, fitting them when they will, stepping back to rest and reconsider when they won't.
Mohadesa Najumi|Have you ever been totally happy or at peace and then begun to worry for no apparent reason? We live in a constant battle of conflict and comparison. If you stop asserting the need to label or to judge, you'll learn acceptance and understanding which is the basis of inner-balance
Katie Ashley, Beat of the Heart|Every moment is precious, even the ones behind me that I often reflect upon with a reserved smile. However…I seldom look back, only forward in anticipation of the next greater now.
Thaddeus White, The Adventures of Sir Edric|You can’t fight if you’re drunk,” she n
Toni Morrison|Your power is in your individuality, in being exactly who you area.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|If your name is "canoe" and you can't float on water, you are useless! If they call you "cutlass" but you can't chop anything into pieces, you are a waste! You have a unique role, you are a brand! Do what you were created to do!
Jim Haba|In a dark placein a dark timestart with black.Stop. Soak up its energy.Remember the circlehowever bent and broken.Prize balance. Seek Pleasure.Allow surprise. Let musicguide your every impulse.Support those who falter.Steer by our fixed star:No Justice, No Peace.
Jane Bulos|Whenever I lose my mind in God's word, I find my heart.
Allen Steele, Arkwright|There's a difference between religion and faith," Chandi said, "Religion means you've accepted a set of beliefs even if those beliefs would appear to be irrational to anyone who doesn't buy into them. Faith means you've chosen to accept something that you've given yourself the chance to question.
Wilma de Krom, Perfide|Remember what I told you about family secrets.” People will kill to keep them, she thought now as she looked at Marianne McGraw. The woman’s rocking didn’t change as Nikki stepped deeper into the room.
Aimee Semple McPherson|Lift up your heads, ye people,lift up your faces, too,open your mouths to sing His praise,and the rain will fall on you.
Richard Baxter, The Saints' Everlasting Rest|Biblical interpretation is not a passive matter. It requires our own active negotiation. When we pretend that, deep down, all the voices are really saying the same thing and ought to be able to get along, we forfeit our responsibility as inheritors of this richly, sometimes disturbingly, contradictive literature.
Girl Meets World|The Inklings were comrades who have been touched by war, who view life through the lens of war, yet who look for hope and found it, in fellowship, where so many other modern writers and intellectuals saw only broken narratives, disfigurement, and despair.
James S.A. Corey, Nemesis Games|The character of the Indian's emotion left little room in his heart for antagonism toward his fellow creatures .... For the Lakota (one of the three branches of the Sioux Nation), mountains, lakes, rivers, springs, valleys, and the woods were all in finished beauty. Winds, rain, snow, sunshine, day, night, and change of seasons were endlessly fascinating. Birds, insects, and animals filled the world with knowledge that defied the comprehension of man.The Lakota was a true naturalist - a lover of Nature. He loved the earth and all things of the earth, and the attachment grew with age. The old people came literally to love the soil and they sat or reclined on the ground with a feeling of being close to a mothering power.It was good for the skin to touch the earth, and the old people liked to remove their moccasins and walk with bare feet on the sacred earth.Their tipis were built upon the earth and their alters were made of earth. The birds that flew in the air came to rest upon the earth, and it was the final abiding place of all things that lived and grew. The soil was soothing, strengthening, cleansing, and healing.This is why the old Indian still sits upon the earth instead of propping himself up and away from its live giving forces. For him, to sit or lie upon the ground is to be able to think more deeply and to feel more keenly; he can see more clearly into the mysteries of life and come closer in kinship to other lives about him.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Art doesn’t bare itself to just anyone, but to believers called artists.
Thomas Ingoldsby|Each night at bedtime, I'd close the bedroom door, climb into bed, and settle in under the covers. Within a minute, the door handle would turn and the door slowly open about a foot. Then a young boy's screams of "Daddy" would follow from the second bedroom - the little boy's room.
Henrikh Mkhitaryan|Women's bodies are amazing; what our bodies can do is incredible, so it's sad that we get distracted - all this stuff about being skinny, be this, be that - they're all distractions.
Mara Wilson|I eventually made the reunion with my father that I'd used as a default daydream throughout my childhood, but by then, we'd both outgrown the only relationship we could have had to each other. I was over 30 by the time I met him again and no longer needed a father.
Patti Smith, The Coral Sea|Fast food, fast money, shallow thinking, shallow interpretations. This is now what I deal with everyday. Art was meant to be about freedom, about having the courage to explore what it means to be human.
Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief|I feel sorry for novelists when they have to mention women's eyes: there's so little choice, and whatever colouring is decided upon inevitably carries banal implications. Her eyes are blue: innocence and honesty. Her eyes are black: passion and depth. Her eyes are green: wildness and jealousy. Her eyes are violet: the novel is by Raymond Chandler.
Steve Goodier|But if it was always a point of speculation, where one person insisted it was a certain way and another denied it, how would anyone ever hold on to the truth?
Frank A. Clark|Excuses, criticisms, and superstitions are vitamins for haters, but poison for the successful. Rise above!
Beeban Kidron|Since God is the foundation of my life, anything that streams from that can only be positive.
Ramana Pemmaraju|From language to no-language is the journey and certainly every master has to use lies to attract you, to make you aware of your mindlessness, your stupidity. That's why I tell you to relish this very moment, and when you squeeze out the juice of every moment, then you will realise that there is nothing worthy in this world, then for the first time you start turning IN-wards, not otherwise!
Joseph Prince|Everything in life is somewhere else, and you get there in a car.
Ruth Ahmed, When Ali Met Honour|a girl should be a butterfly, beautiful,delicate, but hard to catch
Eric Hobsbawm|By the fall of 1918, it was clear that a nation's prosperity, even its very survival, depended on securing a safe, abundant supply of cheap oil.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The first ring glowed in the distance, lit up by consumerism that was brought to Jakarta courtesy of western cultures and Christian nations, and it influenced impoverished Muslims in the third ring, who wore Manchester United tee shirts with 'Rooney' on the back, twisting further the attitudes and perceptions of those who were bent already toward radicalism.
Chuck Palahniuk, Snuff|I want to blow your mind away, Pakistan. With love Yours destructively, TTP
Alan Bennett, The Uncommon Reader|I highly recommend re-reading good personal development books. Rarely can we read a book once and internalized all of the value from that book. Achieving mastery in any area requires repetition—being exposed to certain ideas, strategies, or techniques over and over again, until they become ingrained in your subconscious mind.
Melyssa Winchester, Hear Me Now|Everything turns slower when she’s not around, but when she’s with me, an hour feels like a blink of an eye.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Life entertains humble men by giving men with below average looks (intellect, knowledge, etc.) an above average self-esteem.
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|Oddly, with discipline, structure, and order, you will find freedom, anything is possible. Without it, locating your saddle may take all morning.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|Becoming a man means doing the right thing even though it may be hard or difficult. Boys do what is easiest. A man does what is right, whether easy or not.
Bob Newhart|I think there's a little confusion between humor and 'gross' passing for humor. That's kind of regrettable, because they aren't the same thing.
William Barrett, The Illusion of Technique: A Search for Meaning in a Technological Civilization|In teaching the young you have to satisfy the schoolchild in yourself and enter the region where all meanings start. That is where, in any case, the philosopher has perpetually to start.
Rumi|If once you forfeit the confidence of your fellow-citizens, you can never regain their respect and esteem.
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|The more we delve into quantum mechanics the stranger the world becomes; appreciating this strangeness of the world, whilst still operating in that which you now consider reality, will be the foundation for shifting the current trajectory of your life from ordinary to extraordinary.
Josh Gad|The reason why you know more funny dudes than funny chicks is that dudes are funnier than chicks. If my daughter has a mediocre sense of humor, I'm just gonna tell her, 'Be a staff writer for a sitcom. Because they'll have to hire you, they can't really fire you, and you don't have to produce that much. It'll be awesome.'
Michael A. Contés II|The journey may be long for those who accept the challenge. And, if you endure the storms along the way the rewards for doing so are that much greater.
Freeman A. Hrabowski III|Technology has given us this wonderful opportunity to have low energy costs. We have to seize that, rather than keep debating and discussing and fighting over it.
Katy Perry|My dad was very much a struggling actor and spent more of his life as a postman, as a member of a tarmac firm, as a van driver.
April Mae Monterrosa|Music helps us drift away to places of tranquility, happiness, sadness, & imagination.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|I will live a joyful simple life, doing what I love.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|You must long for God more than normal. You must be willing to live to give, not live to gain.
J.D. Stroube, Epiphany|Yesterday, I got lost.You did too.So what?People get lost all the time.It's just a matter of finding yourself, and treasuring that.
Ken  Jennings, The Serving Leader: Five Powerful Actions to Transform Your Team, Business, and Community|When an economist attempts to prove that it is "irrational" to vote in national elections (because the effort expended outweighs the likely benefit to the individual voter), they use the term because they do not wish to say "irrational for actors for whom civic participation, political ideals, of the common good are not values in themselves, but who view public affairs only in terms of personal advantage.
Lucille Ball|It's a helluva start, being able to recognize what makes you happy. 
Roy  Bennett|There are five important things for living a successful and fulfilling life: never stop dreaming, never stop believing, never give up, never stop trying, and never stop learning.
Frederick Buechner, Now and Then: A Memoir of Vocation|It is more than just memory, I think, that binds us to the past. The past is the place we view the present from as much as the other way around...
Sylvester Stallone|I believe it should be possible for someone stricken with a serious and ultimately fatal illness to choose to die peacefully with medical help, rather than suffer.
Lorenz B. Puntel|Scientifically, just because the spiritual person can manifest a drink of coffee, does not mean that he or she knows how it happens!
Jerome A. Miller, The Way of Suffering: A Geography of Crisis|Yeah, try wearing a piss cutter for eight years… then it wouldn’t be so bad.
Tristan Tzara, Manifesti del dadaismo|Every page should explode, either because of its staggering absurdity, the enthusiasm of its principles, or its typography.
Dada Bhagwan|Gnani’ [the englightened one] gives freedom from all sufferings. Outside [world] reigns the cycle of antagonistic [painful] times, Kaliyug. On the contrary, it will even take away whatever happiness you may have.
Kedar Joshi|They often say, “What’s the point in astrology if you can’t change yourdestiny?”. Well, it’s true that you can’t change your destiny, but still it helpsknowing about gravity.
Davy Crockett|I see retirement as just another of these reinventions, another chance to do new things and be a new version of myself.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|If you don't know what you want, others will want you for what they know! You must know yourself!
Thi Bui, The Best We Could Do|To create something does not mean to see through to its depths; we do not drain our children to the dregs by begetting them, but set them loose in the world like wild dogs, beyond our control and often beyond our knowledge.
Rosamund Hodge, Bright Smoke, Cold Fire|What they want, of course, isn't what you can give them. What you're selling is the hope you can.
Paul Auster, City of Glass|Quinn froze. There was nothing he could do now that would not be a mistake. Whatever choice he made--and he had to make a choice--would be arbitrary, a submission to chance. Uncertainty would haunt him to the end. At that moment, the two Stillmans started on their way again. The first turned right, the second turned left. Quin craved an amoeba's body, wanting to cut himself in half and run off in two directions at once. (Chapter 7)
Kahlil Gibran, The Forerunner: His Parables and Poems|Thus with my lips have I denounced you, while my heart, bleeding within me, called you tender names.It was love lashed by its own self that spoke. It was pride half slain that fluttered in the dust. It was my hunger for your love that raged from the housetop, while my own love, kneeling in silence, prayed your forgiveness.
J.D. Salinger, Raise High the Roof Beam, Carpenters & Seymour: An Introduction|Keep me up till five because all your stars are out, and for no other reason…Oh dare to do it Buddy! Trust your heart. You’re a deserving craftsman. It would never betray you. Good night. I’m feeling very much over-excited now, and a little dramatic, but I think I’d give almost anything on earth to see you writing a something, an anything, a poem, a tree, that was really and truly after your own heart.
Myra Hargrave McIlvain, Stein House|French Revolution- all them fellas the figgered her out got their heads chopped off. Always that way, jus as natural as rain. You didn't do it for fun no way. Doin' it cause you have to. Cause it's you. Look a Washington; Fit the Revolution an' after, them sons-a-bitches turned on him. An' Lincoln the same. Same folks yellin' to kill 'em. Natural as rain.
Avijeet Das|I've known no man save you. I can't imagine my life without you aggravating me." Mara"I aggravate you?" Devyl"Deed you do. All the time." Mara
Lionel Suggs|Positivity is like harmonics and patterns. Create positivity in your life, and allow it to interfere with more positivity. Allow that positivity to vibrate alongside more paths. The end result, is a beautiful day. However, why stop there? There is a reason that positivity parallels harmonics and patterns, so keep it going towards dream's end. If you feel like there isn't enough positivity in your life to get your day started, don't worry, I have plenty, so you can take some of mine. Infinity minus 1 is still infinity, so take some positivity from me, bathe in it, sing with it, and know that today, there is success within your value -- for you were able to wake up and treasure another day.
Julia Cameron, The Right to Write: An Invitation and Initiation into the Writing Life|I would write:"The soft melting hunk of butter trickled in gold down the stringy grooves of the split yam."Or:"The child's clumsy fingers fumbled in sleep, feeling vainly for the wish of its dream.""The old man huddled in the dark doorway, his bony face lit by the burning yellow in the windows of distant skycrapers."My purpose was to capture a physical state or movement that carried a strong subjective impression, an accomplishment which seemed supremely worth struggling for. If I could fasten the mind of the reader upon words so firmly that he would forget words and be conscious only of his response, I felt that I would be in sight of knowing how to write narrative.
Germaine Greer|Whenever you have an ex, and they're like, 'I hope we can still be friends!' and you weren't friends before you started dating, then what do you go back to, really?
Judah Smith, Jesus Is: Find a New Way to Be Human|Don't allow the opinions of other people to shape your concept of him. Get to know him yourself, and let the goodness of God change you from the inside out.
Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich: The Landmark Bestseller - Now Revised and Updated for the 21st Century|Disappointment over love affairs generally has the effect of driving men to drink, and women to ruin; and this, because most people never learn the art of transmuting their strongest emotions into dreams of a constructive nature.
Guy Fieri|People are powerfully moved by imagination, belief, and knowledge. They can consider the past and future. They can make changes in their behavior out of reason in a way that animals can't do.
Robert G. Ingersoll, Some Mistakes of Moses|[Robert's eulogy at his brother, Ebon C. Ingersoll's grave. Even the great orator Robert Ingersoll was choked up with tears at the memory of his beloved brother]The record of a generous life runs like a vine around the memory of our dead, and every sweet, unselfish act is now a perfumed flower.Dear Friends: I am going to do that which the dead oft promised he would do for me.The loved and loving brother, husband, father, friend, died where manhood's morning almost touches noon, and while the shadows still were falling toward the west.He had not passed on life's highway the stone that marks the highest point; but, being weary for a moment, he lay down by the wayside, and, using his burden for a pillow, fell into that dreamless sleep that kisses down his eyelids still. While yet in love with life and raptured with the world, he passed to silence and pathetic dust.Yet, after all, it may be best, just in the happiest, sunniest hour of all the voyage, while eager winds are kissing every sail, to dash against the unseen rock, and in an instant hear the billows roar above a sunken ship. For whether in mid sea or 'mong the breakers of the farther shore, a wreck at last must mark the end of each and all. And every life, no matter if its every hour is rich with love and every moment jeweled with a joy, will, at its close, become a tragedy as sad and deep and dark as can be woven of the warp and woof of mystery and death.This brave and tender man in every storm of life was oak and rock; but in the sunshine he was vine and flower. He was the friend of all heroic souls. He climbed the heights, and left all superstitions far below, while on his forehead fell the golden dawning, of the grander day.He loved the beautiful, and was with color, form, and music touched to tears. He sided with the weak, the poor, and wronged, and lovingly gave alms. With loyal heart and with the purest hands he faithfully discharged all public trusts.He was a worshipper of liberty, a friend of the oppressed. A thousand times I have heard him quote these words: 'For Justice all place a temple, and all season, summer!' He believed that happiness was the only good, reason the only torch, justice the only worship, humanity the only religion, and love the only priest. He added to the sum of human joy; and were every one to whom he did some loving service to bring a blossom to his grave, he would sleep to-night beneath a wilderness of flowers.Life is a narrow vale between the cold and barren peaks of two eternities. We strive in vain to look beyond the heights. We cry aloud, and the only answer is the echo of our wailing cry. From the voiceless lips of the unreplying dead there comes no word; but in the night of death hope sees a star and listening love can hear the rustle of a wing.He who sleeps here, when dying, mistaking the approach of death for the return of health, whispered with his latest breath, 'I am better now.' Let us believe, in spite of doubts and dogmas, of fears and tears, that these dear words are true of all the countless dead.And now, to you, who have been chosen, from among the many men he loved, to do the last sad office for the dead, we give his sacred dust.Speech cannot contain our love. There was, there is, no gentler, stronger, manlier man.
Christopher Hitchens, The Quotable Hitchens from Alcohol to Zionism: The Very Best of Christopher Hitchens|Normally, anything done in the name of 'the kids' strikes me as either slightly sentimental or faintly sinister—that redolence of moral blackmail that adheres to certain charitable appeals and certain kinds of politician. (Not for nothing is baby-kissing the synonym for public insincerity.)
Amit Kalantri|Nation needs soldiers, politics needs civilians.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|You first compete with yourself before competing against others; if you cannot beat your last best result, do not be surprised if it seems difficult to compete against external competitors.
Edgar Ramirez|I love playing sports. I'm overly eager and aggressive and not very skilled, so it leads to many small injuries.
John Rampton|My parents had us in church every Sunday, every Wednesday. It was more of a tradition at that point; I didn't have a personal relationship with the Lord until I went to the altar call one Sunday, and the youth pastor told us to make a decision for ourselves.
Tana French, Broken Harbour|If you continue to entertain "boys", don't be upset when you can't find a "man".
Jennifer Ho-Dougatz|At what point does "one day" become today?
H.B. Bolton|I hope I never smell the smell of apples again!" said Fili. "My tub was full of ut. To smell apples everlastingly when you can scarcely move and are cold and sick with hunger is maddening. I could eat anything in the wide world now for hours on end - but not an apple!
Ryū Murakami, In the Miso Soup|There was no black or white. Someone who had been good her entire life could, in fact, do something evil. People were just as capable of committing murder, under the right circumstances, as any monster.
Daphne du Maurier, Rebecca|I promise I'll come back. No matter what happens." Though his voice was only a whisper, there was a fierceness behind it. I believed him completely. "I'll wait for you," I told him.
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|Mindset will change your reality and destination. Are you ready? If yes, start THINKING victory. Trust me - you will win.
Christopher Morley|Both conservatives and liberals watch 'Parks and Recreation,' and they each think the show is for them, which is really cool. 'SNL' was totally different. It was exciting because everyone was paying attention. Political humor works when people know what you're talking about.
Candice Proctor, Night in Eden|For Time calls only once, and that determines all.
Andrea Dworkin|The flames had passed over those flattened blades and consumed their heather neighbours on either side while they themselves had remained, made proof against the blaze and guaranteed their stark survival just by their earlier oppression.
John  Adams, Adams-Jefferson Letters|...The Presidential election has given me less anxiety than I myself could have imagined. The next administration will be a troublesome one, to whomsoever it falls, and our John has been too much worn to contend much longer with conflicting factions. I call him our John, because, when you were at the Cul de sac at Paris, he appeared to me to be almost as much your boy as
John Mayer|Real shapes and real patterns are things you would observe in nature, like the marks on the back of a cobra's hood or the markings on a fish or a lizard. Imaginary shapes are just that, symbols that come to a person in dreams or reveries and are charged with meaning.
Ernest Hemingway, The Sun Also Rises|Church practice has been more influenced by Plato than by Jesus. We invariably prefer the universal synthesis, the answer that settles all the dust and resolves every question even when it is not entirely true over the mercy and grace of God.
Adam Rex, Cold Cereal|Stealing is good, honest work," Said the theif, puffing out his chest. "Well, not honest, strictly speaking," he admitted after a moment. "Or actually good.
Dean Koontz, Seize the Night|He once told me that an August evening was "as hot as three toads in a Cuisinart," a comparison that left me blinking two days later.
Alaria Thorne|Well," I said clearing my throat at the uncomfortable stare-down competition between the two of us. "I've got to be heading out. See ya tomorrow, Judge.""Not so fast," he bit out, grasping a firm hold on my wrist. I gasped at the contact, because this time it felt more intimate, almost inviting. "I'm not done with you yet, Miss Davis.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|What matters most, God was there for me, when I need him.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón|Nobody knows much about women, not even Freud, not even women themselves. But it's like electricity: you don't need to know how it works to get a shock on the fingers.
Sarah Vowell, The Partly Cloudy Patriot|The more history I learn, the more the world fills up with stories.
Alice Walker, The Color Purple|Anyhow, I say, the God I been praying and writing to is a man. And act just like all the other mens I know. Trifling, forgitful, and lowdown.
Kim Harrison|Now you’re going to get it,” I said, guessing Al was coming when the ones in the back scattered. “You should have been nice.”With a weird cry, the closest surface demon fell back, but it was too late. A flash of red light exploded overhead, smashing the buildings away as if I were at the center of an atomic explosion. The surface demons scattered like brown leaves, the remnants of their clothes and auras fluttering. It was Al, and he burst into existence in a grand mood, an old-fashioned lantern in his hand and a walking cane at his side.“Rachel Mariana Morgan!” he shouted enthusiastically, raising the lantern high, and I painfully rose from my crouch, breaking my bubble with a small thought. “I’ve come to save you, love!
Colleen Houck|I sighed softly and basked in the barrage of Ren's kisses- drowning kisses, soft kisses, sultry kisses, kisses that lasted a mere second, and kisses that lasted an eternity. It was easy to believe that my warrior-angel had captured me and had flown me up to heaven. A deep rumble echoed in his chest.I pulled back, laughing. "Are you growling at me?" He laughed softly, twisted my hair ribbon around his fingers, and pulled gently, loosening my braid. Biting my ear lightly, he whispered a threat, "You have been driving me crazy for three weeks. You're lucky all I'm doing is growling.
Benjamin Franklin, Poor Richard's Almanack|If you would not be forgotten, as soon as you are dead and rotten, either write things worth reading, or do things worth writing.
Amy Robach|I think I'm going to give my baby her first food on Thanksgiving, make her some organic sweet potato. I'm very excited! It's going to be a big day and my husband is in charge of the turkey - he's the chef of the family!
Charles Lindberg|Real freedom lies in wildness,not in civilization!!
Marsha Qualey, Just Like That|Life is short, death is forever.
Alexey Stakhov, Mathematics of Harmony|The water beneath the Temple was both actual and metaphorical, existing as springs and streams, as spiritual energy, and as a symbol of the receptive or lunar aspect of nature. The meaning of that principle is too wide and elusive for it to be given any one name, so in the terminology of ancient science it was given a number, 1,080. Its polar opposite, the positive, solar force in the universe, was also referred to as a number 666. These two numbers, which have an approximate golden-section relationship of 1:1.62, were at the root of the alchemical formula that expressed the supreme purpose of the Temple. Its polar opposite, the positive, solar force in the universe, was also referred to as a number 666. Not merely was it used to generate energy from fusion of atmospheric and terrestrial currents, but it also served to combine in harmony all the correspondences of those forces on every level of creation.
Mary E. Pearson, The Beauty of Darkness|Eventually, she looked up, her eyes completely void of emotions. “You are merely a diversion. You mean nothing to me.” She walked past him and out of the room. She left him, a fish gasping amongst the clouds, falling back to earth.
Sukant Ratnakar, Open the Windows|I wokeup in morning and saw, world has move on
Christopher Buehlman, Between Two Fires|Dear God, I must be dead and in hell since you're here.
Robert G. Ingersoll, The Liberty of Man, Woman and Child|I used to read in books how our fathers persecuted mankind. But I never appreciated it. I did not really appreciate the infamies that have been committed in the name of religion, until I saw the iron arguments that Christians used. I saw the Thumbscrew—two little pieces of iron, armed on the inner surfaces with protuberances, to prevent their slipping; through each end a screw uniting the two pieces. And when some man denied the efficacy of baptism, or may be said, 'I do not believe that a fish ever swallowed a man to keep him from drowning,' then they put his thumb between these pieces of iron and in the name of love and universal forgiveness, began to screw these pieces together. When this was done most men said, 'I will recant.' Probably I should have done the same. Probably I would have said: 'Stop; I will admit anything that you wish; I will admit that there is one god or a million, one hell or a billion; suit yourselves; but stop.'But there was now and then a man who would not swerve the breadth of a hair. There was now and then some sublime heart, willing to die for an intellectual conviction. Had it not been for such men, we would be savages to-night. Had it not been for a few brave, heroic souls in every age, we would have been cannibals, with pictures of wild beasts tattooed upon our flesh, dancing around some dried snake f
Tammy Morea, August Moon|Of all my failures to offset the mortification of wanting, expecting, or caring too much, the most humiliating was having no real answer for the love of a good man. It humbled me.
Christina Milian|Family dinner in the Norman Rockwell mode had taken hold by the 1950s: Mom cooked, Dad carved, son cleared, daughter did the dishes.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|If you say that you have never lied at all,then you give too much trust on anybody.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|There is no balm in Gilead, but there is balm in God. There is no physician among the creatures, but the Creator is Jehovah-rophi.
David Foster Wallace|In poems, equally as in philosophic disquisitions, genius produces the strongest impressions of novelty while it rescues the most admitted truths from the impotence caused by the very circumstance of their universal admission.
Mary C. Lamia, The White Knight Syndrome: Rescuing Yourself from Your Need to Rescue Others|Volatile expressions of anger and hostility combined with a tendency to blame others often result from feeling shame.... If you are shame-prone, any accusation directed at you, regardless of how mildly it may be delivered, has the potential to make you feel that you have failed or that you are inadequate. Rather than simply admit wrongdoing, you get angry and accusatory in order to hold yourself blameless. Using anger or hostility for self-protection hides your vulnerability and needs. Unfortunately, since most people are repelled by an angry response, this method may be effective. Your anger may drive away the very people who should know your real feelings, and it may deprive you of the opportunity to allow others to be aware of your needs. Behaving in an offensive or frightening way toward others can cause them to retreat out of fear. But, actually, the fear is your own, which you have turned against someone else in the form of anger.
Debasish Mridha|Like the sun, touch someone with the warmth of your kindness.
José Saramago|Fortunately the essence of this revelation did not escape Mary despite the angel's obscure speech, and, much surprised, she asked him, So Jesus is my son and the son of the Lord, Woman, what are you saying, show some respect for rank and precedence, what you must say is the son of the Lord and me, Of the Lord and of you, No, of the Lord and of you, You're confusing me, just answer my question, is Jesus our son, You mean to say the Lord's son because you only served to bear the child, So the Lord didn't choose me, Don't be absurd (...) Is there any real proof that it was the Lord's seed which engendered my first-born, Well, it's a delicate matter, and what you're demanding is nothing less than a paternity test which in these mixed unions, no matter how many analyses, tests, and globule counts one carries out, can never give conclusive results.
Anne Lamott, Bird by Bird|You get your confidence and intuition back by trusting yourself, by being militantly on your own side. You need to trust yourself, especially on a first draft, where amid the anxiety and self-doubt, there should be a real sense of your imagination and your memories walking and woolgathering, tramping the hills, romping all over the place. Trust them. Don't look at your feet to see if you are doing it right. Just dance.
Jacob Grimm|You don't love someone for their looks, or their clothes, or their fancy car, but because they sing a song only you can hear.
Anne Enright, The Gathering|Here we go again. Always a few drinks, but sometimes even sober, we play the unhappiness game; endlessly round and round. Ding dong. Tighter and tighter. On and on. Push me pull you. Come here and i'll tell you how much i hate you. Hang on a minute while i leave you. All the while we know we are missing the point, whatever the point used to be.
Richard Davenport-Hines, Universal Man: The Lives of John Maynard Keynes|In economics, things take longer to happen than you think they will, and then they happen faster than you thought they could.
Herbert M. Shelton, Getting Well|There are but a few blood purifiers and these are all in the body. We know them as the liver, kidneys, lungs, colon, and a few glands.
Saul Bellow, Seize the Day|Oh, God,” Wilhelm prayed, “Let me out of my trouble. Let me out of my thoughts, and let me do something better with myself. For all the time I have wasted I am very sorry. Let me out of this clutch and into a different life. For I am all balled up. Have mercy.
Muhammad Imran Hasan|One Crack On A Mirror Can Ruin The Beauty of It But Most Importantly, It Ruins The Reflection of The Individual, By Making It Twisted, Zigzag And Ugly. Character Is Like A Mirror. So Build Your Character In Such A Way That It Reflects All The Good In Others Who Follows You Or Treat You As An Idol....
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|I was transformed the dayMy ego shattered,And all the superficial, materialThings that matteredTo me before,Suddenly ceasedTo matter.
Sofia Reyes|It'll be when you first learn to walk that I get daily demonstrations of the asymmetry in our relationship. You'll be incessantly running off somewhere, and each time you walk into a door frame or scrape your knee, the pain feels like it's my own. It'll be like growing an errant limb, an extension of myself whose sensory nerves report pain just fine, but whose motor nerves don't convey my commands at all. It's so unfair: I'm going to give birth to an animated voodoo doll of myself. I didn't see this in the contract when I signed up. Was this part of the deal?
Mildred Armstrong Kalish, Little Heathens: Hard Times and High Spirits on an Iowa Farm During the Great Depression|Without knowing it, the adults in our lives practiced a most productive kind of behavior modification. After our chores and household duties were done we were give "permission" to read. In other words, our elders positioned reading as a privilege - a much sought-after prize, granted only to those goodhardworkers who earned it. How clever of them.
Matt Gallagher, Youngblood|What was it like? Hell if I know. But next time someone asks.... I'll answer crooked, and I'll answer long. And when they get confused or angry, I'll smile. Finally, I'll think. Someone who understands.
Zack Love, The Syrian Virgin|- ...before I was going to college, my secret plan was to one day not tell anybody and just get on some bus to some random city and just move there and become this totally different person. - Then what? - ...and not come back until I had totally become this person... I used to think about it all the time... - I don't get it... - That's because you don't uterlly loathe yourself
Nicole Krauss, The History of Love|Having begun to feel, people’s desire to feel grew. They wanted to feel more, feel deeper, despite how it sometimes hurt. People became addicted to feeling. They struggled to uncover new emotions.
Noah Levine, Against the Stream: A Buddhist Manual for Spiritual Revolutionaries|Renunciation is not about pushing something away, it is about letting go. It's facing the fact that certain things cause us pain, and they cause other people pain. Renunciation is a commitment to let go of things that create suffering. It is the intention to stop hurting ourselves and others.
Robin Hobb, The Mad Ship|Everyone thinks that courage is about facing death without flinching. But almost anyone can do that. Almost anyone can hold their breath and not scream for as long as it takes to die. True courage is about facing life without flinching. I don't mean the times when the right path is hard, but glorious at the end. I'm talking about enduring the boredom, the messiness, and the inconvenience of doing what is right.
Frank Herbert, Dune|When a baronet is discovered behind a bush in the park with a guardsman, or a minister of the crown is caught creeping out of a country with his socks stuffed full of bank notes and a woman not his wife ten paces behind, or a public person is revealed disporting himself with a couple of tarts and a teddy bear in West Paddington, they complain to the press that the outcry is hypocritical and that everyone would like to do what they were doing if only they had the chance. They regard the law as an instrument of envy, like nationalization and death duties.
James MacDonald, Christ-Centered Biblical Counseling: Changing Lives with God's Changeless Truth|Many pastors would rather preach God's Word and keep their distance than invest in a personal one-on-one counseling ministry. Most pastors counsel because they have to, not because they want to.
Henry David Thoreau|Shakespeare: …the best way to peace is to have a still and quiet conscience. Or none at all, thought Gamache.
Elvis Mitchell|This may sound a bit naive, but I got here by believing in big dreams.
Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures|Real magic is the hand around the bandsaw, the thrown spark in the powder keg, the dimension-warp linking you straight into the heart of a star, the flaming sword that burns all the way down to the pommel. Sooner juggle torches in a tar pit than mess with real magic. Sooner lie down in front of a thousand elephants.
Alexa Riley, Snow and Mistletoe|Would people please stop telling me Santa Claus doesn't exist? I met him when I was a kid, surrounded by teenaged elves n stuff, one of them had a camera, and he was fun and smelt of fags n beer, I remember his big red nose too, even the hairs in his nostrils. You see I met him, sat on his lap chatted and he gave me a toy car, n yeah it was in a market, but I know he was the real Santa........
Stephen Demone, The Swiss Orange Project Book 1: Celladore|How did writing come to me? Like bird’s down on my windowpane, in winter. Just then there rose in the heart a struggle of firebrands, which has, still now, not ended.
Jason Versey, A Walk with Prudence|Was’ and ‘is’ – in English there is very little difference between these two words. Only one letter more , just two letters different. But it is a lifetime, it is a world of difference. Time does not allow you to take the past along with you. Nothing remains unchanged. Love gets diluted, hate is forgotten and friendship and enmity keep shifting all the time. One day, when you look back, you will ask yourself – what was it all about.
Nalini Singh, Archangel's Consort|Well, if pirates are bad,And vampires are worse,Then I pray that as long as I beThat though I sing of VampiratesI never one shall see.Yea, if pirates are dangerAnd vampires are death,I'll extend my prayer for thee-That thine eyes never see a Vampirate...and they never lay a hand on thee
Albert Camus, Resistance, Rebellion and Death: Essays|You were satisfied to serve the power of your nation and we dreamed of giving ours her truth. It was enough for you to serve the politics of reality whereas, in our wildest aberrations, we still had a vague conception of the politics of honor.
Jonas Salk|Darkness comes. In the middle of it, the future looks blank. The temptation to quit is huge. Don't. You are in good company... You will argue with yourself that there is no way forward. But with God, nothing is impossible. He has more ropes and ladders and tunnels out of pits than you can conceive. Wait. Pray without ceasing. Hope.
Billy Collins|If you want to see mankind fully, look at a family. Within the family minds become organically one, and for this reason the family is total poetry.
Boniface Sagini, Thrills and Chills: Trudging Through Life|To an unbelieving person nothing renders service or work for good. He himself is in servitude to all things, and all things turned out for evil to him, because he uses all things in impious way for his own advantage, and not for the glory of God.
Anthony Liccione|Me being an ant, at her mountain, I would have tried my best for my voice to reach her peak. But our timing was off, and she hid her pain as stars in clouds. If I had the chance, I would have saved her from all the truths and lies.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If size really mattered, the whale, not the shark, would rule the waters.
Glen Duncan, The Last Werewolf|The last vestiges of consciousness tell her she has just witnessed her own murder, all she ever was and hoped to be is gone.
Dorothea Dix|Look back over the past, with its changing empires that rose and fell, and you can foresee the future, too.
Cecelia Ahern|At moments when life is at its worst there are two things you can do: 1.) break down,lose hope and refuse to go on while lying face down on the ground banging your fists and kicking your legs, or 2.) laugh. Bobby and I did the latter.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|All your troubles, struggles, pains and suffering is worth one good thing.
Kenneth Rexroth|Against the ruin of the world, there is only one defense: The creative act.
Lailah Gifty Akita|When people say, 'you're so young to be a writer,' I always reply, 'I started young because I've got a lot to write.
Bill Bryson, A Walk in the Woods|Richard Nixon has never been one of my favorite people, anyway. For years I've regarded his very existence as a monument to all the rancid genes and broken chromosomes that corrupt the possibilities of the American Dream; he was a foul caricature of himself, a man with no soul, no inner convictions, with the integrity of a hyena and the style of a poison toad.
Virginia Satir|I am Me. In all the world, there is no one else exactly like me. Everything that comes out of me is authentically mine, because I alone chose it -- I own everything about me: my body, my feelings, my mouth, my voice, all my actions, whether they be to others or myself. I own my fantasies, my dreams, my hopes, my fears. I own my triumphs and successes, all my failures and mistakes. Because I own all of me, I can become intimately acquainted with me. By so doing, I can love me and be friendly with all my parts. I know there are aspects about myself that puzzle me, and other aspects that I do not know -- but as long as I am friendly and loving to myself, I can courageously and hopefully look for solutions to the puzzles and ways to find out more about me. However I look and sound, whatever I say and do, and whatever I think and feel at a given moment in time is authentically me. If later some parts of how I looked, sounded, thought, and felt turn out to be unfitting, I can discard that which is unfitting, keep the rest, and invent something new for that which I discarded. I can see, hear, feel, think, say, and do. I have the tools to survive, to be close to others, to be productive, and to make sense and order out of the world of people and things outside of me. I own me, and therefore, I can engineer me. I am me, and I am Okay.
C.N. Faust, The Dragon's Disciples|It was never you. Leaving you was the hardest thing I've ever done and I've regretted that decision every second since the moment I walked out. I've made a lot of dumbass mistakes in my life, but letting you go is the one I'd give anything to erase.- Jason
Dada Bhagwan|Why is it that ‘we’ (the Gnani Purush, the enlightened one) do not have any obstruction (antray)? It is because ‘we’ are in a desire-free state (Nirichchhak dasha).
Nicholas Sparks, Safe Haven|I have this recurring nightmare where I'm lost in a strange forest, and my only hope is your sense of direction. Enough to give a fellow the sweats, it is.
Larissa MacFarquhar|A dog knows and respects his master; men respect their masters only under duress, envy them and plot their downfall.
David Levithan, Dash & Lily's Book of Dares|Boomer took bites of all six varieties, contemplating each one and "guring out the order in which he would then eat them. “I like thebrown one and the lighter brown one and the almost-brown one. I’m not so sure about the minty one. But really, I think the lebkuchen spiceone is the best.”“The what?”“The lebkuchen spice one.” He held it up for me. “This one.”“You’re making that up. What’s a lebkuchen spice? It sounds like a cross between a Keebler elf and a stripper. Hello, my name eesLebkuchen Spice, and I vant to show you my cooooookies...”“Don’t be rude!” Boomer protested. As if the cookie might be offended.
Ronald Reagan|If you believe in yourself and have dedication and pride - and never quit, you'll be a winner. The price of victory is high but so are the rewards.
Deborah "Atianne" Wilson|The Question of How? When you are writing goals, or even thinking about achieving big things in life, the question that will come to your mind is “how?” You may think, “I don’t have enough education or money, and my health isn’t good enough. How will I ever be able to achieve these goals?”These thoughts alone can discourage you from going any further. However, take this simple example: Imagine you are standing in front of your refrigerator and would like to open the door. What do you do? Do you think about how to do it? Do you worry about whether or not your muscles will respond and help you open the door? Unless you, unfortunately, have a physical disability, you are able to open the refrigerator door, having full faith that you can do it. Just as you may not be aware of the complexities of the way your body works to allow you to you to open that refrigerator door without thought, so the Universe has provided you with everything in abundance, and a continuous flow of prosperity can come your way. Only when you accept that it is possible, you can and will live the life that you dream about.
John Patrick Hickey, All You Have Is Now: How Your Approach to the World Determines Your Destiny|Determination knows that you can do what it takes, even if that is hard or frightening, in order to achieve the goal you seek.
Idries Shah, Caravan of Dreams|One of the great commandments of science is, 'Mistrust arguments from authority'. (Scientists, being primates, and thus given to dominance hierarchies, of course do not always follow this commandment.)
Michelle A. Valentine, Rock the Heart|I’ve never been able to stand up for myself while growing up, but I will stand up for you against anyone who ever threatens to hurt you in any way.
Britney Spears|My mom was such a strong character. I don't want to say she was like a man, but she was tough.
David Levithan, Every Day|I want to say more, but don't know what the words are supposed to be. I feel such a tenderness for these vulnerable night-time conversations, the way words take a different shape in the air when there's no light in the room.
Anne Brontë, Agnes Grey|The human heart is like india-rubber; a little swells it, but a great deal will not burst it.
Tahir Shah, Travels With Myself|For me, nature is something you watch on the Discovery Channel, or on the evening news -- as you learn how much more of it's been savaged to make way for the Blackberry realm that is my home
Theodore Bikel|I find it amusing on one level, poignant on another, when people try to get recognition from an outside source. It's sad.
Jessica McCann, All Different Kinds of Free|I had no vote in the making of such a law, and I have no intention of abiding by it, either.
Janene Wolsey Baadsgaard, Why Does My Mother's Day Potted Plant Always Die?|Many parents lack a biblical view of discipline. They tend to think of discipline as revenge - getting even with the children for what they did. Hebrews 12 makes it clear that discipline is not punitive, but corrective. Hebrews 12 calls discipline a word of encouragement that addresses sons. It says discipline is a sign of God's identification with us as our Father. God disciplines us for our good that we might share in his holiness. It says that while discipline is not pleasant, but painful, it yields a harvest of righteousness and peace. Rather than being something to balance love, it is the deepest expression of love.
Eileen Cook, With Malice|How will I know who I can become if I don't give myself the chance to try new things, to push myself beyond my normal boundaries? Who might I be if I am away from the things that I currently use to define myself?
Clement Alexander Price, Encyclopedia of the Harlem Renaissance|There should be no single representation in the autism world. Think about this if someone got up on stage and talked about having “non-autistic syndrome” and made the assumption every one with this syndrome is the same we would be in big trouble. That applies to autism as well - it isn't one condition, there are profile differences between Autism and AS and all autism "fruits salads" are different. That is how diverse autism is.
Beck|Some need diamonds some need loveSome need cards some need luckSome need dollar bills lining their clothesall I need is, all I need is two white horses in a line
Elise Icten, Reign in My World|It was not Death, for I stood up,And all the Dead, lie down—It was not Night, for all the BellsPut out their Tongues, for Noon.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail|Why do we complicate life, when it was meant to be very simple?
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|They were interchangeable tools, and the catchy phrases continued without abatement.
Martin Heidegger|To clarify the existentiality of the Self, we take as our ‘natural’ point of departure Dasein’s everyday interpretation of the Self. In *saying* “*I*,” Dasein expresses itself about ‘itself’. It is not necessary that in doing so Dasein should make any utterance. With the ‘I’, this entity has itself in view. The content of this expression is regarded as something utterly simple. In each case, it just stands for me and nothing further. Also, this ‘I’, as something simple, is not an attribute of other Things; it is not *itself* a predicate, but the absolute ‘subject’. What is expressed and what is addressed in saying “I,” is always met as the same persisting something. The characteristics of ‘simplicity’, ‘substantiality’, and ‘personality’, which Kant, for instance, made the basis for his doctrine ‘of the paralogisms of pure reason’, arise from a genuine pre-phenomenological experience. The question remains whether that which we have experienced ontically in this way may be Interpreted ontologically with the help of the ‘categories’ mentioned.Kant, indeed, in strict conformity with the phenomenal content given in saying “I,” shows that the ontical theses about the soul-substance which have been inferred [*erschlossenen*] from these characteristics, are without justification. But in so doing, he merely rejects a wrong *ontical* explanation of the “I”; he has by no means achieved an *ontological* Interpretation of Selfhood, nor has he even obtained some assurance of it and made positive preparation for it. Kant makes a more rigorous attempt than his predecessors to keep hold of the phenomenal content of saying “I”; yet even though in theory he has denied that the ontical foundations of the ontology of the substantial apply to the “I,” he still slips back into *this same* inappropriate ontology. This will be shown more exactly, in order that we may establish what it means ontologically to take saying “I” as the starting point for the analysis of Selfhood. The Kantian analysis of the ‘I think’ is now to be added as an illustration, but only so far as is demanded for clarifying these problems."―from_Being and Time_. Translated by John Macquarrie & Edward Robinson, p. 366
Jonathan Glover|We must not, therefore, be frightened by the assertion that a thing is natural into the admission that it is good; good does not, by definition, mean anything that is natural; and it is therefore always an open question whether anything that is natural is good.
Crystal Evans, The Bunna Man: Joe Grind Series|Without awareness, every one of us is at risk of living trapped, an unfulfilled trace of our Self, by our own sense of who we are
Rachel Van Dyken, Toxic|It's a rare gift to understand that your life is wondrous, and that it won't last forever.
Stephen King, Desperation|When you feel weak in spirit, think about the agreements you made with yourself about how to live an honourable life. We all have them, but unfortunately the contracts are often written in invisible ink when they should be signed in blood.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau, Discourse on the Sciences and Arts (1st Discourse) and Polemics|What prompts alarm in me is how you and your government want to ruin not only the potential of this of this country, but also the path of those who are going to transition into more advanced beings in search of immortality and omnipotence, and maybe even participate in a great singularity. These advances are going to pass, one way or another. And your current second-rate moral system—your weak, pretend-God-will-take-care-of-us bullshit—is a waste for our species' possibilities. You people want to pretend that democracy, religious inspiration, and unbridled consumerism are going to last forever and carry us all to bliss; that the American Dream is right around the next corner for everyone. you spend hundreds of billions of dollars on lazy welfare recipients, on mentally challenged people, on uneducated repeat criminals, on obese second-rate citizens bankrupting our medical system, on murderous war machines fighting for oil and your oligarchy's pet projects in far off places. All so you maintain your puny forms of power and sleep better at night.
Cassandra Clare, The Bane Chronicles|To them, as to Magnus, time was like rain, glittering as it fell, changing the world, but something that could also be taken for granted.
Théophile Gautier, Hashish, Wine, Opium|By night, I am free. No one hears my monsters but me. My freedom is fragile, though, Because every morning, Over and over, The night is broken by the sun. It’s a good way to die.
Stephenie Meyer, Breaking Dawn|Did you know that 'I told you so' has a brother,Jacob?" she asked cutting me off. "His name is 'Shut the hell up'.
John Cage|After I had been studying with him for two years, Schoenberg said, "In order to write music, you must have a feeling for harmony." I explained to him that I had no feeling for harmony. He then said that I would always encounter an obstacle, that it would be as though I came to a wall through which I could not pass. I said, 'In that case I will devote my life to beating my head against that wall.
Larissa Ione, Bound by Night|With a sense of humor like that, you could make a living as a garbage man anywhere in the country.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|Deliberately she shrouded the light in her eyes, but it shone against her will in the faintly perceptible smile.
John Fante, Wait Until Spring, Bandini|I have seen them stagger out of their movie palaces and blink their empty eyes in the face of reality once more, and stagger home, to read the Times, to find out what's going on in the world. I have vomited at their newspapers, read their literature, observed their customs, eaten their food, desired their women, gaped at their art. But I am poor, and my name ends with a soft vowel, and they hate me and my father, and my father's father, and they would have my blood and put me down, but they are old now, dying in the sun and in the hot dust of the road, and I am young and full of hope and love for my country and my times, and when I say Greaser to you it is not my heart that speaks, but the quivering of an old wound, and I am ashamed of the terrible thing I have done.
Samuel Park, This Burns My Heart|It's like the day you realize dolls are dolls. I pick up my old self and I see it's silly. A toy I've played with too often. It's a little sad, like an old golliwog at the bottom of the cupboard. Innocent and used-up and proud and silly.
Calvin Miller, The Singer|With love that knew no fear, the Singer caught his torment, wrapped it all in song and gave it back to him as peace.
Lionel Suggs|When God plays chess, you will notice that he never has to move a single piece...in order to win.
Mark Galli, Chaos and Grace: Discovering the Liberating Work of the Holy Spirit|Where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is freedom," says Paul. And we are most in line with the Spirit, most faithfully obedient, when instead of trying to manipulate people into faith, we simply live in that freedom and let the Spirit do the work of transformation.
William Gibson|I like the idea of people who've had some success in one form secretly wanting to be something else; I have some of that myself. I look for it in other people who've established themselves in some particular art form, and then you find out that they really would like to design running shoes, or edit literary magazines or something.
Marilyn Monroe|You don't stop laughing when you grow old, you grow old when you stop laughing.
Ray Bradbury, Zen in the Art of Writing|Every morning I jump out of bed and step on a landmine. The landmine is me. After the explosion, I spend the rest of the day putting the pieces together.
Tana French, Broken Harbour|I don't do that kind of negativity. If you put your energy into thinking about how much the fall would hurt, you're already halfway down.
CeeLo Green|In any investment, you expect to have fun and make money.
Robert Trabold, Watching the River Flow By: Selected Poems|Garden’s hush opens upan abyss at my center, still point.Someone touches me, mystery, otherness.No words are spoken, silencethe language of God.Silence, calm, hushed garden usher me into a presence, presence of my beloved.Let me rest in this quiet visit, gift that puts a beautifulend to a hectic day.Someone is with me—that is all that matters!-Evening Hush
Compton Gage|The truths of the one subject have already been discovered, but have not been accepted because they spell the death of the faith in the lie.
P.C. Cast, Marked|I clamped down on the sick, hurt feeling inside that threatened to make me burst into tears. My eyes dried instantly. I was good at hiding tears. I should be; I'd had three years to get good at it.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Micah|The truth may not set you free, but used carefully, it can confuse the hell out of your enemies.
Victor Hugo, The Hunchback of Notre Dame|If you have to speculate if someone loves you and wants to be with you, chances are they don't. It's not that complicated. Love, in most cases, betrays the one feeling it. Don't waste moments waiting and wondering. Don't throw away your time dreaming of someone that doesn't want you. No one is that amazing, certainly not the one who would pass you up.
George MacDonald Fraser, Flashman and the Dragon|Elgin himself looked ten years younger, now that he’d cast the die, but I thought exuberance had got the better of him when he strode into the saloon later, threw The Origin of Species on the table and announced:"It’s very original, no doubt, but not for a hot evening. What I need is some trollop."I couldn’t believe my ears, and him a church-goer, too. "Well, my lord, I dunno,” says I. "Tientsin ain’t much of a place, but I’ll see what I can drum up —""Michel’s been reading Doctor Thorne since Taku," cried he. "He must have finished it by now, surely! Ask him, Flashman, will you?" So I did, and had my ignorance, enlightened.
Charlotte Brontë|Well, that's what I still think, but I am in a rut at work--I hate my job,' I said, allowing my emotions to find words.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Too often we use petty little petitions, oratorical exercises, or the words of others rather than the cries of our inmost being. When you pray, pray!
Terry Pratchett, The Wee Free Men|If you see any country that is advanced and developed today, it is because that society is fundamentally based on principles of truth and honesty.
Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar|Be "Yourself" enough to have an opinion,Be "Wise" enough to recognise a difference of opinion,Be "Mature" enough to find a way for co-existence.
Harvey Mackay|A live concert to me is exciting because of all the electricity that is generated in the crowd and on stage. It's my favorite part of the business, live concerts.
Drishti Bablani, Wordions | Uns|...[F]rom me you shall hear the whole truth; not, I can assure you, gentlemen, in flowery language... decked out with fine words and phrases; no, what you will hear will be a straightforward speech in the first words that occur to me, confident as I am in the justice of my cause; and I do not want any of you to expect anything different.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|Consumers care less about your brand’s vision statement, they want value delivered
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Real humility is graceful power, not a mandate to be victimized and abused.
Noam Chomsky|As far as U.S. intelligence knows, Iran is developing nuclear capacities, but they don't know if they are trying to develop nuclear weapons or not. Chances are they're developing what's called 'nuclear capability,' which many states have. That is the ability to have nuclear weapons if they decide to do it. That's not a crime.
Lauren Handel Zander, Maybe It's You: Cut the Crap. Face Your Fears. Love Your Life.|If we’re not the one driving our dreams forward, who is? If we don’t figure out how to change jobs, eat healthily, date, fall and stay in love, who will come save us? No one. But, then again, no one should, right? The are, after all, our dreams.
William James, The Varieties of Religious Experience|It is as if there were in the human consciousness a sense of reality, a feeling of objective presence, a perception of what we may call ‘something there,’ more deep and more general than any of the special and particular ‘senses’ by which the current psychology supposes existent realities to be originally revealed. If this were so, we might suppose the senses to waken our attitudes and conduct as they so habitually do, by first exciting this sense of reality; but anything else, any idea, for example, that might similarly excite it, would have that same prerogative of appearing real which objects of sense normally possess.
Lorna Jackie Wilson, Black Butterfly: The Journey - The Victory|Overcoming obstacles requires commitment and strength. Despite all odds, face each journey with courage, each struggle with accomplishment, and each challenge with victory.
Stacey O'Neale, Under His Skin|If the lords of the underworld can't bring me out of this funk, no one can.
Kare Anderson, Mutuality Matters More Living a Happy, Meaningful and Satisfying Life With Others|Contrary to popular belief, someone being an asshole, jerk, immature, or rude does not contradict or degrade their talents.
Paul Robeson|I think God has it written down for me, that without training and working hard you will never achieve desired results. All three times I have had to toil my way into the Olympics. Talking about pressure, well that is something you have to learn to deal with in sports.
Gene Wolfe|As Garp put it, 'You only grow by coming to the end of something and by beginning something else.' Even if these so-called endings and beginnings are illusions.
Judith Butler, Gender Trouble: Feminism and the Subversion of Identity|That the power regimes of heterosexism and phallogocentrism seek to augment themselves through a constant repetition of their logic, their metaphysic, and their naturalized ontologies does not imply that repetition itself ought to be stopped—as if it could be. If repetition is bound to persist as the mechanism of the cultural reproduction of identities, then the crucial question emerges: What kind of subversive repetition might call into question the regulatory practice of identity itself?
Saurabh Sharma|Tricked by desire, mastered by love, rescued by beloved!What else you want to know about humans?
Rachel Maddow|But on second thought, after I decreed the state of emergency, I came to the conclusion that that was impossible to achieve without bloodshed because the street protesters were full of anger and nearly out of control. This is why I thought we needed to find another way out.
Chris Crutcher, King of the Mild Frontier: An Ill-Advised Autobiography|You didn't play baseball that well with two hands. How do you think you're going to make it with one?  "If you're just going to tell me what I can't do, you can leave.
Cassandra Clare, Saving Raphael Santiago|You bit me on the neck? What kind of a sorry-ass vampire wannabe are you, anyhow?”I grabbed for my dirt-covered purse that lay by my feet. I kept a can of pepper spray in it for protection, or at least I used to. Did I still have it? Did those things have an expiration date? Didn’t matter. If I had to, I’d just use it to bash him over the head.I’m not a wannabe.” He actually had the audacity to look insulted. “I am a vampire.”Psycho, I thought. Total psycho.
Colleen Hoover, Slammed|Every time the song looped, all I heard was the part about the lies - and how they weigh you down. Tonight, as I drive toward Detroit in my Jeep, I know what those words really mean. It's not just the lies they're referring to. It's life. You can't run to another town, another place, another state. Whatever it is you're running from - it goes with you. It stays with you until you find out how to confront it.
Cynthia Voigt, Dicey's Song|Maybe universal nostalgia doesn't exist. Maybe each of us carries our own personal version of the better times. It's at about twnety-two years that we all begin to think of our childhood as the good ol' days and everything afterwards exists as a slow-motion face plant. The fall continues, through marriage, through career building, through parenthood, through old age, until we finally touch nose to ground. At twenty-two years old, I've just started, but I think I can already smell my own grave.
Debasish Mridha|Education gives you the power to think rationally, think better, and be productive in every act.
Raymond Bonner|I love to travel, but hate to arrive.
Rajesh Nanoo|If the way of wisdom was easy, anyone would have walked in. Wisdom is not a whore she is a shy mademoiselle so only those who strives wins her heart.
Jonathan Tropper|You want to move on, but to do that you have to let her go, and you don't want to let her go, so you don't move on.
Martin Millar|Being a new mother was a joyful and sometimes overwhelming experience - and as the first Missouri female state legislator to have a baby while in office, having heath care for myself and my son gave me some needed peace of mind.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|He does something to me, that boy. Every time. It’s his only detriment. He steps on my heart. He makes me cry.
Natalie Portman|As a result of playing Freddy Krueger, I can remember having to look at some medical books, and at some of the disfigurement that fire can cause on people, because they were the source material for some of the prosthetic makeup that I wore. That aided and abetted this fear of death by fire. Which is sort of what happened to Fred Krueger.
Margaret Atwood, Cat's Eye|Never pray for justice, because you might get some.
Sindiwe Magona, To My Children's Children|You know that when a group of utility workers are withholding their customer service identification cards, they are likely engaging in some form of illegal activity at your home.
E.R. Braithwaite, To Sir, With Love|Oh God, forgive me for the hateful thoughts, because I love them, these brutal, disarming bastards, I love them …
Deyth Banger|Humanity it's strange race, if I can say this. There a lot of secrets and stuff which are still mysteries for this race! I know that most people are like the characters the guy near GreenWind, GreenHollyWood, the people like DeYtH are rare. GreenHollywood blocked me on skype because what??? Can't understand a joke, so he can joke with me but I can't???WOW!Just Humanity or most people just stop us from doing the stuff which will make us better.
Honoré de Balzac, Père Goriot|However gross a man may be, the minute he expresses a strong and genuine affection, some inner secretion alters his features, animates his gestures, and colors his voice. The stupidest man will often, under the stress of passion, achieve heights of eloquence, in thought if not in language, and seem to move in some luminous sphere. Goriot's voice and gesture had at this moment the power of communication that characterizes the great actor. Are not our finer feelings the poems of the human will?
Terry Pratchett, The Color of Magic|If complete and utter chaos was lightning, then he'd be the sort to stand on a hilltop in a thunderstorm wearing wet copper armour and shouting 'All gods are bastards!
Charles Dickens, A Christmas Carol|He went to the church, and walked about the streets, and watched the people hurrying to and for, and patted the children on the head, and questioned beggars, and looked down into the kitchens of homes, and up to the windows, and found that everything could yield him pleasure. He had never dreamed of any walk, that anything, could give him so much happiness. (p. 119)
D.H. Lawrence, Lady Chatterley's Lover|The world is supposed to be full of possibilities, but they narrow down to pretty few in most personal experience. There's lots of good fish in the sea... maybe... but the vast masses seem to be mackerel or herring, and if you're not mackerel or herring yourself, you are likely to find very few good fish in the sea.
Vanilla Ice|First, I want to pay tribute to Diana myself. She was an exceptional and gifted human being. In good times and bad, she never lost her capacity to smile and laugh, nor to inspire others with her warmth and kindness. I admired and respected her - for her energy and commitment to others, and especially for her devotion to her two boys.
David Byrne, Bicycle Diaries|This false distance is present everywhere: in spy films, in Godard, in modern advertising, which uses it continually as a cultural allusion. It is not really clear in the end whether this 'cool' smile is the smile of humour or that of commercial complicity. This is also the case with pop, and its smile ultimately encapsulates all its ambiguity: it is not the smile of critical distance, but the smile of collusion
Martin Luther, On Christian Liberty|A Christian is a perfectly free lord of all, subject to none. A Christian is a perfectly dutiful servant of all, subject of all, subject to all.
Lauren Blakely, 21 Stolen Kisses|Everything fits, especially me with him, and him with me. He is the puzzle piece that slides into place in my heart, filling all the sad and empty spots inside me.
Kathy Ireland|When I got into the film business, my aim was to adopt a positive persona, of a guy who fights against injustice. And it saved me, because my acting was atrocious to say the least!
Sumanta Goswami|When I ask you to listen to meand you start to give me advice,you have not done what I asked.When I ask you to listen to meand you begin to tell me why I shouldn’t feel that way, you are trampling on my feelings.When I ask you to listen to meand you feel you have to do something to solve my problem,you have failed me, strange as that may seem.Listen! All I ask is that you listen.Not talk or do—just hear me.I can do for myself. I’m not helpless.Maybe discouraged and faltering, but not helpless.When you do something for me that I can, and need to do for myself, you contribute to my fear and weakness. But when you accept as a simple factthat I am feeling what I feel no matter how irrational it might be, then I can get on with understanding what is behind this feeling.Perhaps that is why prayer works for so many people.God is silent and He doesn’t give advice or try to fix things.He just listens and lets you work it out for yourself.So, please listen and just hear me.And if you want to talk, wait a minute for your turn.Then I’ll listen to you.
Rebecca McNutt, Super 8: The Sequel to Smog City|Mandy was thinking back to when she was five years old, when she, her parents and Jud went outside before Christmas and had a snowball fight with the gray snow of Sydney Mines. “This is a wicked blast,” Jud would say, and Mandy would snap photos with a 35mm disposable film camera, photos she wished very much she could step into sometimes.
Theresa Breslin, The Medici Seal|A lie, when believed, became the truth.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|I may not understand all what God does, but I sure of His faithfulness.
J.P. Sexton, The Big Yank: Memoir of a Boy Growing Up Irish|Always remember that your memoir is never about you. It's about your reader. At it's core, it's about that shared space where we all experience the timeless truths of what it means to be human.
Virginia Woolf, A Room of One's Own|I should need to be a herd of elephants, I thought, and a wilderness of spiders, desperately referring to the animals that are reputed longest lived and most multitudinously eyed, to cope with all of this.
Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera|It's a curious, wanting thing.
William Keepin, Divine Duality: The Power of Reconciliation Between Women and Men|They'd pay attention to me less. They'd judge me by gender, by looks, by weight before anything else. I automatically started every interaction at a disadvantage.
Dorothy L. Sayers, Strong Poison|Saintliness is very odd. When people encounter it, they often take it for something else, something completely unlike it: indifference, mockery, scheming, coldness, insolence, perhaps even contempt. But they're mistaken, and that makes them furious. They commit an awful crime. This is doubtless the reason why most saints end up as martyrs.
Erik Von Markovik|When I was younger I was attracted to gay guys and they were "attracted" to me. I don't exactly know why...But it turned out the gay guys were the ones holding all the cards, both physically and emotionally, and I've certainly paid the price for making that mistake. And so have all of the guys I've dated since.
Ellery A. Kane|My mother once told me that holding on to the past is like walking around with a pebble in your shoe. You can still keep walking, keep moving forward, but that pebble is always there nagging at you, begging for your attention. After a while, that pebble is all you can feel. Sometimes, you just have to stop walking for a minute and get rid of it once and for all.
Charles Bukowski|I have one problem, I don’t hate people. They disgust me and I want to get away from them. I do not have hatred. I have an escape mechanism.
Karen Armstrong, A History of God: The 4,000-Year Quest of Judaism, Christianity, and Islam|Then our crime's worse than a murderer's. His act puts him outside the law, but keeps the law intact. Ours would weaken the law.
Faiz Ahmed Faiz|On the far horizon waved some flicker of lightMy heart, a city of suffering, awoke in a state of dreamMy eyes, turning restless, still dreaming,the morning, dawning in this vacuous abode of separation.
Grant McLachlan|Exceed expectations" is such a lispy term. I hope that it never infiltrates the bedroom or sport.
Thomas Merton, No Man Is an Island|What's the advantage of fear or the benefit of regret or the bonus of granting misery a foothold even if death is embracing you? My old abbot used to say, "Life is only precious if you wish it to be." I look at it like the last bite of a wonderful meal. Do you enjoy it, or does the knowledge that there is no more to follow make it so bitter that you would ruin the experience? - Myron on facing death
Jennifer Howard|How do you know if your inner voice or sense of guidance is your deeper-self speaking its wisdom, your unconscious childhood programming, or the voice of your Aunt Matilda? Discerning the difference between an automatic response stemming from family beliefs, childhood distortions, or culture, and guidance from our connection with our higher/deeper self, makes life, success, and relationships so much easier.
Ron Rash, Saints at the River|Not for the first time, it occurred to me that sorrow could be purified into song the same way a piece of coal is purified into a diamond.
J.M. Ledgard, Submergence|jinn . . . occupy bodies which are in a liminal state . . . when consciousness is a sheet of copper beaten down, mirroring only the moment
Coco J. Ginger|I remember when your name was just another name that rolled without thought off my tongue.Now, I can’t look at your name without an abundance of sentiment attached to each lettter.Your name, which I played with so carelessly, so easily, has somehow become sacred to my lips.A name I won’t throw around lightheartedly or repeat without deep thought.And if ever I speak of you, I use the English language to describe who you were to me. You are nameless, because those letters grouped together in that familiar form….. carries too much meaning for my capricious heart.
Gerard Manley Hopkins, Letters to Robert Bridges and Correspondence with Richard Watson Dixon|All things therefore are charged with love, are charged with God and if we knew how to touch them give off sparks and take fire, yield drops and flow, ring and tell of him.
Victoria Scott, The Collector|the costume of the nineteenth century is detestable. It is so sombre, so depressing. Sin is the only real colour-element left in modern life.
Lea Malot|September was a thirty-days long goodbye to summer, to the season that left everybody both happy and weary of the warm, humid weather and the exhausting but thrilling adventures. It didn't feel like fresh air either, it made me suffocate. It was like the days would be dragging some kind of sickness, one that we knew wouldn't last, but made us uncomfortable anyway. The atmosphere felt dusty and stifling.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|The pressure disappeared with the first word he put on paper. He thought--while his hand moved rapidly--what a power there was in words; later, for those who heard them, but first for the one who found them; a healing power, a solution, like the breaking of a barrier. He thought, perhaps the basic secret the scientists have not discovered, the first fount of life, is that which happens when a thought takes shape in words.
Sara Sheridan|I'm a book girl--I love all the stories the world has to offer. No matter the book, I will taste it and drink it down.
Dorothy Parker, The Portable Dorothy Parker|MenThey hail you as their morning starBecause you are the way you are.If you return the sentiment,They'll try to make you different;And once they have you, safe and sound,They want to change you all around.Your moods and ways they put a curse on;They'd make of you another person.They cannot let you go your gait;They influence and educate.They'd alter all that they admired.They make me sick, they make me tired.
Karen Hitchcock, Dear Life: On Caring for the Elderly|We know everyone we love is going to die, but we don't know it, can't possibly believe it, she thought, or long ago I would have gone and started digging until I had a hole big enough to lie down in.
Shu Hattori, The McKinsey Edge: Success Principles from the World's Most Powerful Consulting Firm|Show your vulnerability, but have faith. You will succeed. Growth is not glamorous.
Owen J. Flanagan, The Problem Of The Soul Two Visions Of Mind And How To Reconcile Them|On the whole I consider the constant need for delight and diversion in completely new things to be a sign of pettiness, lack of inner life, of estrangement from nature, and of a mediocre or defective gift of understanding.
Kiran Nagarkar|A question, doctor," he said. "Why doesn't the coyote take the money he spends on bird costumes and catapults and radioactive road runner food pellets and explosive missiles and simply go eat Chinese?" He smiled coolly. "Why doesn't the coyote simply go eat Chinese food?
Marcia Furrow, 365 Days of Grace: Experiencing God's Grace from Genesis to Revelation|God is never far from His people, even when they are far from Him.
Ray Bradbury, The Illustrated Man|We looked at each other with that resentment you feel when you want something so much it’s causing you pain, so much you start to hate it a little.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|The assumption is that if I expend myself for myself in the end all I’ll be left with is myself, and that alone is frightening. But what I’ve failed to consider is that I have to expend so much of myself living for myself that in the end I’m really left with very little of myself, and that is unimaginably frightening.
Jolene Stockman, The Jelly Bean Crisis|Shakespeare opens a mine which contains gold and diamonds in unexhaustible plenty, though clouded by incrustations, debased by impurities, and mingled with a mass of meaner minerales.
Leviak B. Kelly, Religion: The Ultimate STD: Living a Spiritual Life without Dogmatics or Cultural Destruction|Cats have been all over the Internet for many years. This makes total sense, as they seem to spend half their lives trying to stand and sit on the keyboards of our laptops.
Mehmet Murat ildan|There are no problems.Just strange situations we have to deal with, as adults we are.
Frances Hodgson Burnett, A Little Princess|Why, we are just the same - I am only a little girl like you. It's just an accident that I am not you, and you are not me!
Saru Singhal|Say it aloud! Let everyone hear... I want a crazy lover who isn't afraid of shouting my name from rooftops, or in busy streets, or during an argument. I want a crazy love where freedom sparks in, two bodies and souls are sewed together, and there is nothing artificial nor any kind of societal pressure. Is it hard to search or too much to ask for?
Wayne Gerard Trotman|Even in an empty room, we are never alone.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In the darkness time, let your passion and spirit lead you to make a better decision.
Purba Chakraborty, Canvas of a Mind|Sometimes, it is wise to let people go without any complaints. If they are a part of our destiny, they will return after a couple of seasons. Till then, let them dwell in the pages of our memories.
Megan Whalen Turner, The Queen of Attolia|In the journey of success, the only person that has to believe in your dreams is nobody else but yourself.
S.X. Rosenstock, The Paris Review Book: of Heartbreak, Madness, Sex, Love, Betrayal, Outsiders, Intoxication, War, Whimsy, Horrors, God, Death, Dinner, Baseball, Travels, ... Else in the World Since 1953|If you can't fuck me while I read, fuck off.
Rob Liano|If you want to find money, focus on people. If you want to lose people, focus on money.
Karin Slaughter|I have a characteristic since my childhood. I don't like living together with my mother, sister, or friends at my home. I have always preferred to be alone and independent and lived according to that.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|May the hopes of your heart and dreams of your eyes keep turning into realities. To all women out there: The more you progress, the more humanity progresses.
Thomas Menino|At first, dreams seem impossible, then improbable, and eventually inevitable.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|Our God, who art our winged self, it is thy will in us that willeth.It is thy desire in us that desireth. It is thy urge in us that would turn our nights, which are thine, into days which are thine also. We cannot ask thee for aught, for thou knowest our needs before they are born in us: Thou art our need; and in giving us more of thyself thou givest us all.
Louise Penny|My features have blunted with the passage of time, my reflection only faintly resembles how I see myself. Gravity demands payback for the years my body has resisted it.
Clarissa Pinkola Estés, Women Who Run With the Wolves: Myths and Stories of the Wild Woman Archetype|Fortunately, no matter how many times she is pushed down, she bounds up again. No matter how many times she is forbidden, quelled, cut back, diluted, tortured, touted as unsafe, dangerous, mad, and other derogations, she emanates upward in women, so that even the most quiet, even the most restrained woman keeps a secret place for Wild Woman, Even the more repressed woman has a secret life, with secret thoughts and secret feelings which are lush and wild, that is, natural. Even the most captured woman guards the place of the wildish self, for she knows intuitively that someday there will be a loophole, an aperture, a chance, and she will hightail it to escape.
Dixie Waters|When you touch a man's body, he will enjoy the moment, when you touch a man's heart he will remember it forever.
Richard   Preston, The Hot Zone: The Terrifying True Story of the Origins of the Ebola Virus|It showed a kind of obscenity you see only in nature, an obscenity so extreme that it dissolves imperceptibly into beauty.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|Somewhere in this small world, you can find a place where everyone appreciates you more than you think you deserve.
Colleen Coble, Lonestar Homecoming|He released her with obvious reluctance and shoved open his door, then came around to open her door. His chivalry brought an even broader smile. "Bet this doesn't last long", she teased. He took her hand. "You keep waiting for me to open it, and I will keep coming around.
Claire Meadows|There’s no other way but work, work and work. Read widely, live wildly, plumb the depths of your­self, turn your­self inside out until you find your voice
ShahenshahHK|If you have zero sales or no clients to meet today, it means your efforts yesterday, the day before, the week before or the month before that were not effective; what you are going to get today will always be due to the preparatory work done in the past.
Albert Speer, Inside the Third Reich|I do not think that in those early days of September, Hitler was fully aware that he had irrevocably unleashed a world war. He had merely meant to move one step further. To be sure, he was ready to accept the risk associated with that step, just as he had been a year before during the Czech crisis; but he had prepared himself only for the risk, not really for the great war.
Seneca, Letters from a Stoic|My body was a Pandora’s box of aches and pains. When Grandpa died all the ailments came jumping out. I was forever twitching and shaking. I had a persistent sore throat and had difficulty swallowing except when I was taking nips from my illicit cocktail. I was constantly constipated, holding everything in — a disorder that had started when I was two years old. It burned when I passed urine, and my migraines were so severe it felt on occasions as if I were going blind.
kurbhatt|Truth grows gradually in us, like a musician who plays a piece again and again until suddenly he hears it for the first time
Michael Ignatieff|If we don't succeed, we run the risk of failure.
Hubert Selby Jr., Requiem for a Dream|You’ve got a lot of responsibility now,” Jace said to Julian. “You’ll have to make sure Emma winds up with a guy who deserves her.” Julian was strangely white-faced. Maybe he was feeling the effects of the ceremony, Emma thought. It had been strong magic; she still felt it sizzling through her blood like champagne bubbles. But Jules looked as if he’d been slapped.“What about me?” Emma said, quickly. “Don’t I have to make sure Jules winds up with someone who deserves him?”“Absolutely. I did it for Alec, Alec did it for me — well, actually, he hated Clary at first, but he came around.” “I BET you didn’t like Magnus much, either,” said Julian, still with the same odd, stiff look on his face.“Maybe not,” said Jace, “but I never would have said so.”“Because it would have hurt Alec’s feelings?” Emma asked.“No,” said Jace, “because Magnus would have turned me into a hat rack.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Not town can live peacefully, whatever its laws," Plato wrote, "when its citizens ... do nothing but feast and drink and tire themselves out in the cares of love."But is it such a bad thing to live like this for just a little while? Just for a few months of one's life, is it so awful to travel through time with no greater ambition than to find the next lovely meal? Or to learn how to speak a language for no higher purpose than that it pleases your ear to hear it? Or to nap in a garden, in a patch of sunlight, in the middle of the day, right next to your favorite fountain? And then to do it again the next day?
Euginia Herlihy|Make a time to enjoy, to celebrate the life that's given to you by God.
Bonnie Jo Campbell, American Salvage|It occurred to Susan that men were always waiting for something cataclysmic--love or war or a giant asteroid. Every man wanted to be a hot-headed Bruce Willis character, fighting against the evil foreign enemy while despising the domestic bureaucracy. Men just wanted to focus on one big thing, leaving the thousands of smaller messes for the women around them to clean up.
Karen   Clark|Nothing is lost that cannot be refound" she says in a voice infused with otherworldly authority "this is the Dark Goddess's promise to guide you back to your deepest self and soul. If you choose this Sarah, so will it be.
Jerry Bridges, The Pursuit of Holiness|Hook your audience with a tiny snag of truth, and the Holy Spirit will unravel the rest.
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|Keep your eyes and your mind open. Don’t be blinded by filters like fear, uncertainty, pessimism and negativity.
Olivia Sinaga|She won't know it if I'm not say it." Say that 3 times, and you should know what's the main problem.
W.H. Auden, Another Time|In the nightmare of the darkAll the dogs of Europe bark,And the living nations wait,Each sequestered in its hate;Intellectual disgraceStares from every human face,And the seas of pity lieLocked and frozen in each eye.
Christine Warren, Heart of Stone|She drank in the sight of him, the power, the virility, the sheer sexiness. She knew just how well those lips of his kissed, how gentle and coaxing his hands could be, and how mouth-watering his body was.
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|Ironically enough, in the same way that fear brings to pass what one is afraid of, likewise a forced intention makes impossible what one forcibly wishes... Pleasure is, and must remain, a side-effect or by-product, and is destroyed and spoiled to the degree to which it is made a goal in itself.
Juliann Garey, Too Bright to Hear Too Loud to See|The term 'deinstitutionalization' conceals some simple truths, namely, that old, unwanted persons, formerly housed in state hospitals, are now housed in nursing homes; that young, unwanted persons, formerly also housed in state hospitals, are now housed in prisons or parapsychiatric facilities; and that both groups of inmates are systematically drugged with psychiatric medications.
Nutan Bajracharya|When she says 'I've never done this before" she just means with you
Timothy W. Tron|The magnitude of any one day is compromised by its passing quickly into the next, a mere moment in time which soon fades into the collective memory of our past.
Lukasz Laniecki, You Have The Right Not To Make Your Parents Proud. A Book Of Quotes|Our parents are not the only people on this planet, and we should not base our life choices on what they want (what will bring them a peace of mind, satisfaction, and give them a reason to brag), but we should make those choices keeping in mind that there are upwards of 7,5 billion people in this world, and that we should use our talents and energy trying to improve the lives of as many of them as possible.
Avi Salmon, Chicken Bob by Avi Salmon|Not a wonder you are out camping with us princess,” Rizz said dryly.Falita gave a clearing snort of her opposite nostril and looked up. “Why's that?”“One can't go snorting and blowing snot all over a castle. It would ruin the décor!”Falita ignored the comment. “A bath would certainly freshen things up.”“You've bathed three times in five days. How many more baths do you need?” Artamos asked.“Enough to stay clean, and I don't recall either of you bathing on this trip.”“I don't need to Princess,” Rizz replied. “I have my own naturally sweet odor.”Falita scrunched up her nose, “I'm aware of that, and it is not pleasing in camp.
Mary Renault, The King Must Die|Is this seat taken?"	The deep, gravelly voice jolted Noelle from her blood-thirsty thoughts. When she laid eyes on the man it belonged to her breath caught in her throat.	She blinked, wondering if maybe she'd dreamed him, but then he flashed her a captivating grin and she realized that he must be real - her mind wasn't capable of conjuring up a smile this heart-stoppingly gorgeous.	A pair of vivid blue eyes watched her expectantly as she searched for her voice.	"There are lots of other seats available," she finally replied, gesturing to the deserted tables all around them.	He shrugged. "I don't want to sit anywhere but here."	She moistened her suddenly dry lips. "Why?"	"Because none of those other seats are across from you," he said simply.
Usher|I have met Jackie Chan about 6 times up 'til now... and even though many people think we are natural enemies, I personally think he is a cool bloke and would honestly love to work with him in a film one time - that would a well brilliant movie!
Laurell K. Hamilton|The thought burrowed into her heart as darkness fell. It coiled in her guts as she wedged herself amongst the boughs of a tree to sleep. And in the morning, it woke with her and clung to her back, riding on her shoulders as she climbed down, hungry and exhausted from nightmares.
Ludwig Mies van der Rohe|I think that in today's world, by nature, we are all self-centered. And that often leads to selfishness.
Auliq-Ice|Days come and go, but the only thing that remains within you are the lessons that you learn by each passing day.
Debasish Mridha|In life we are always getting ready to live, but we are forgetting to live in the process.
Jay-Z|Music should probably provide answers in terms of lyrical content, and giving people a sense of togetherness and oneness, as opposed to being alone in their thoughts and dilemmas or regrets or happiness or whatever.
David Lynch|Why is it when we have a bad experience with a product, we assume it is us, but a bad experience with food, we blame the food?!
Compton Gage|God has permitted the great lie for a short time only. That time is now coming to an end. Believers in the lie! You have been raised on the milk of your concrete beliefs. Now it is time for you to be weaned to partake of the solid food of the new age, the "New World Order.
Noam Chomsky|'Expect nothing and hope for the best' is my mantra. A drama teacher called Joseph Blatchley told me that, and it's the best advice I've had. If you keep an open mind and don't expect too much, then you won't be disappointed.
Bodhidharma, The Zen Teaching of Bodhidharma|But people of the deepest understanding look within, distracted by nothing. Since a clear mind is the Buddha, they attain the understanding of a Buddha without using the mind.
Philip James Bailey|Americans have been conditioned to respect newness, whatever it costs them.
Nia Vardalos|Very often when you see families it's all perfect and neat, and parenting isn't like that. You do have constant negotiations. Things are ever developing and ever changing, and you constantly have to evaluate how you deal with your kids.
ravi chauhan|He told me that soul mates come into our lives at very precise times to inspire and to awaken us to bigger and better ways of looking at the world and interacting with it. We’ve known each other before, he said, and we will know each other again.
Laura Cereta, Collected Letters of a Renaissance Feminist|I am a scholar and a pupil who has been lulled to sleep by the meagre fire of a mind too humble. I have been too much burned, and my injured mind has accumulated too much passion; for tormenting itself with the defending of our sex, my mind sighs, conscious of its obligation. For all things — those deeply rooted inside us as well as those outside us — are being laid at the door of our sex.In addition, I, who have always held virtue in high esteem and considered private things as secondary importance, shall wear down and exhaust my pen writing against those men who are garrulous and puffed up with false pride. I shall not fail to obstruct tenaciously their treacherous snares. And I shall strive a war of vengeance against the notorious abuse of those who fill everything with noise, since armed with such abuse, certain insane and infamous men bark and bare their teeth in vicious wrath at the republic of women, so worthy of veneration.
Alison Sudol|We are living in a process of pursuit. But sometimes we get so focused on trying to get where we're going and we forget that this is life, too. We're living it right now.
Thomm Quackenbush, Flies to Wanton Boys|Anyone who thinks traditional and modern interpretations of demons are frightening had better remember that real angels inspired awe because they were so ghastly. How we usually think of angel is all due to Renaissance painters trying to sex up the concept. Most Christians, if they saw an angel in the flesh, would go run for their guns.
Erik Pevernagie|If no signal ever awakens any smoldering desire or seething passion in the wasteland of our mental universe, only a third eye may throw inspiriting light on the path to good vibrations. (“A thousand times”)
Tali Alexander, Lost in Rewind|No matter what you do, no matter how far away you run, what’s written in the stars cannot be undone.
Lois McMaster Bujold, A Civil Campaign|What is honour? In Athens it is one thing, in Sparta another; and among the Medes it is something else again. But go where you will, there is no land where the dead return across the river.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Idiot|Any profession you engage in, no matter how profitable, unless it is truly helpful and good for others, is a crime against your soul, and the world.
W. Somerset Maugham, The Moon and Sixpence|The last words he said to me when I bade him good-night were:Tell Amy it's no good coming after me. Anyhow, I shall change my hotel, so she wouldn't be able to find me.'My own impression is that she's well rid of you,' I said.My dear fellow, I only hope you'll be able to make her see it. But women are very unintelligent.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|God is universal," spluttered the priest.The imam nodded strong approval. "There is only one God.""And with their one god Muslims are always causing troubles and provoking riots. The proof of how bad Islam is, is how uncivilized Muslims are,: pronounced the pandit."Says the slave-driver of the cast system," huffed the imam. "Hindus enslave people and worship dressed-up dolls.""They are golden calf lovers. They kneel before the cows," the priest chimed in."While Christians kneel before a white man! They are flunkies of a foreign god. They are nightmare of all nonwhite people.
Gina Sheridan, I Work at a Public Library: A Collection of Crazy Stories from the Stacks|In the end, I go where I always go when I need information on something baffling, poisonous, or terrifying: the library.
Ben Shapiro|We are gods. Our tools make us gods. In symbiosis with our technology, our powers are expanding exponentially and so, too, our possibilities.
Christy A. Campbell, The Sharing Moon|How would Elijah ever understand a life that is dark more than light? Or a shadow of someone who follows her around, and when she least expects it, taps her on the back and asks, where are you going, Seraphina?
Albert Guinon|I'VE NEVER BEEN VERY SURE ABOUT WHAT IS RIGHT, said Bill Door. I AM NOT SURE THERE IS SUCH A THING AS RIGHT. OR WRONG. JUST PLACES TO STAND.
Scott E. Spradlin|When emotions turn and stay sour, when thoughts become cynical and judgmental, good and compassionate treatment is on the line. Helpers who become sour and cynical tend to begrudge their high need clients for their neediness. There is a risk that helpers become too well-practiced at taking a bleak view of those they have avowed to assist. There is a temptation to begin to blame clients for their failure to improve. If treatment ends pre-maturely, with either a client never returning to treatment or a helper 'firing' them out of frustration, there is a tendency for the client to take the fall. Of course what we are talking about here are signs of burnout.
Tzvetan Todorov, In Defence of the Enlightenment|Toutes les opinions ne se valent pas, et il ne faut pas confondre l'éloquence d'une parole avec la justesse d'une pensée.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|Fifty years from now if an understanding of man's origins, his evolution, his history, his progress is not in the common place of the school books we shall not exist.
Akshay Kumar|American sports are quite masculine. And football - although it's still played by men all over the world - football compared to American football is quite feminine in its artistry. And there's no padding. It's America's loss, though.
Tom Bissell|We are no longer worried that children are missing school because of video games, though. We are worried that they are murdering their classmates because of video games.
Antonia Michaelis, The Storyteller|A Woman's QuestionDo you know you have asked for the costliest thingEver made by the Hand above?A woman's heart, and a woman's life---And a woman's wonderful love.Do you know you have asked for this priceless thingAs a child might ask for a toy?Demanding what others have died to win,With a reckless dash of boy.You have written my lesson of duty out,Manlike, you have questioned me.Now stand at the bars of my woman's soulUntil I shall question thee.You require your mutton shall always be hot,Your socks and your shirt be whole;I require your heart be true as God's starsAnd as pure as His heaven your soul.You require a cook for your mutton and beef,I require a far greater thing;A seamstress you're wanting for socks and shirts---I look for a man and a king.A king for the beautiful realm called Home,And a man that his Maker, God,Shall look upon as He did on the firstAnd say: "It is very good."I am fair and young, but the rose may fadeFrom this soft young cheek one day;Will you love me then 'mid the falling leaves,As you did 'mong the blossoms of May?Is your heart an ocean so strong and true,I may launch my all on its tide?A loving woman finds heaven or hellOn the day she is made a bride.I require all things that are grand and true,All things that a man should be;If you give this all, I would stake my lifeTo be all you demand of me.If you cannot be this, a laundress and cookYou can hire and little to pay;But a woman's heart and a woman's lifeAre not to be won that way.
Angela Duckworth|If little else, the brain is an educational toy.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Don’t give Satan a foothold, but discipline yourself to stay close to God. He alone is your security.
Hilary Mantel, Bring Up the Bodies|Jim. If you have any other outside events, don’t confess them. That’s my advice, okay?”“What am I going to do, Bob? I have no family.”“You have family,” Bob said. “You have a wife who hates you. Kids who are furious with you. A brother and sister who make you insane. And a nephew who used to be kind of a drip but apparently is not so much of a drip now. That’s called family.”Jim fell asleep, his head leaning forward almost to his chest
Pearl Zhu, Change Insight: Change as an Ongoing Capability to Fuel Digital Transformation|The multidimensional digital effects provide impressive advantages in terms of the speed of delivery, the quality of information for decision making, and the wisdom of digital workforce.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|No matter how dreary and grey our homes are, we people of flesh and blood would rather live there than in any other country, be it ever so beautiful. There is no place like home.
Salvador Minuchin, Families and Family Therapy|Only the family, society's smallest unit, can change and yet maintain enough continuity to rear children who will not be "strangers in a strange land," who will be rooted firmly enough to grow and adapt.
John C. Mather|When I was a young man, Dirac was my hero. He made a breakthrough, a new method of doing physics. He had the courage to simply guess at the form of an equation, the equation we now call the Dirac equation, and to try to interpret it afterwards.
Jeff Bennett|When you're climbing with someone who always sees the bright spot, even if there is no bright spot, that attitude is really helpful.
John Foster Dulles|We know that golf is an ancient game with great history and tradition, but our golf is only 10 years old so don't judge us too harshly.
Julie Garwood, Honor's Splendour|You're bruised, as ugly as one of your Cyclops, and I can barely stand to look at you." - Duncan to Madelyne.
Evan Angler, Swipe|But aside from a few migraines, you can't possibly imagine any OBEY drawbacks that CEASE REPRODUCTION could come with SUBMIT merging CONSUME your thoughts with EMBRACE YOUR CULLING experimental technology CONFORM TO SOCIAL ORDER from an STAY ASLEEP extremely powerful DIE corporation, wait what?
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|Other inflationists realize very well that an increase in the quantity of money reduces the purchasing power of the monetary unit. But they endeavour to secure inflation none-the-less, because of its effect on the value of money; they want depreciation, because they want to favour debtors at the expense of creditors and because they want to encourage exportation and make importation difficult.
Thomas Mann, Tristan|One mood can be replaced by another, but it is impossible to leave attunement altogether. However, profound boredom brings us as close to a state of un-attunement as we can come.
V.S. Naipaul|And that luck was only fate's cheating, giving an illusion of power. But that illusion lingered, and I became restless. I decided to act, to challenge fate. (...) I gained courage; every afternoon I walked a little farther. And one day I got there.
Darlenne Susan Girard, freefalling|I've told you, there's no point keeping those. They're not tax-deductible,' my dad thundered.'I think you'll find they are,' raged my mum like some sort of feral animal (a badger with TB perhaps).'They're not. You only get VAT back on lunches outside of a 50-mile radius from your place of residence. You effing bitch,' he seemed to add, with his eyes, I imagined.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|The higher the proportion of adults with low literacy proficiency is, the slower the overall long-term GDP growth rate is.
Mouloud Benzadi|I believe my mother was smart enough to know that in the night, you are willing to tell all. If she waited until the next day, she knew she'd get one-syllable answers.
Steve Maraboli|How would your life be different if you learned to let go of things that have already let go of you? From relationships long gone, to old grudges, to regrets, to all the 'could’ve' and 'should’ve,' to the dead friendships you still hang on to... Free yourself from the burden of a past you cannot change.
Jane Austen, Emma|My Emma, does not every thing serve to prove more and more the beauty of truth and sincerity in all our dealings with each other?
Stasi Eldredge, Becoming Myself: Embracing God's Dream of You|Awakening and owning the dreams that God has placed in our hearts isn't about getting stuff or attaining something. It's about embracing who we are and who he has created us to be. In him. He is our dream come true, and the one true love of our life. But we can't love him with our whole hearts when our hearts are asleep. To love Jesus means to risk coming awake, to risk wanting and desiring.
Kristine Gasbarre|I teach the world how to treat me by the way I treat myself, and the way I present myself.
David James Duncan, River Teeth|Day 72I remember oranges and you don’t mind me leaving the queue momentarily to find some. When you say, Of course, you reach for my arm in sympathy and recognition. This may be the thing that breaks me today, that stops me in my tracks before driving me forward, turning a corner, making something work, letting everything happen. When I return, you’re touching my yoghurts, reading the ingredients, as though you are making them yours, protecting them in my absence and amusing yourself with the cherry-ness of them. On days like this, I want to take my strangers home with me.
Helen Oyeyemi, White is for Witching|Good luck to you," he said, and she remembered how he had looked at her as she pinned Yah Tayyib, as if she was some kind of monster.Maybe she was.
Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton|It seems like the chaos of this world is accelerating, but so is the beauty in the consciousness of more and more people.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|Oh, I can never get enough. Which, incidentally, is what your sister said when--
Roy L. Pickering Jr., Patches Of Grey|Time had taught him that whether his sins were pardoned or left unforgiven, they would remain committed. Tomorrow he would hopefully choose wiser, with a stronger measure of compassion.
Irfa Rahat|In my spare time, I always go back to my soul...Asking... Are you still alive?
Larry Itejere, The Silver Arrow|I know you may feel so far that circumstances have directed your path, but right now I want you to know that you do have a choice.
John Ajvide Lindqvist, Let the Right One In|Eli snorted, her eyes narrowed.— Because I am like you.— What do you mean like me? I..Eli thrust her hand through the air as if she was holding a knife, said:— What are you looking at, idiot? Want to die, or something? — Stabbed the air with empty hand. — That what happens if you look at me.Oskar rubbed his lips together, dampening them.— What are you saying?— It's not me that's saying it. It's you. That was the first thing I heard you say. Down on the playground.Oskar remembered. The tree. The knife. How he had held up the blade of the knife like a mirror, seen Eli for the first time.
Yuvika Mathur|There was a moment in my life when I really wanted to kill myself. And there was one other moment when I was close to that. . . . But even in my most jaded times, I had some hope and that was him.
Kenneth C. Agudo|Even if I die you keep living okay? Live to see the end of this world, and to see why it was born. Live to see why a weak girl like me ended up here... and the reason why you and I met.
Pearl Zhu, Leadership Master: Five Digital Trends to Leap Leadership Maturity|Trying is a mentality; it drains and depletes. When you catch yourself trying next time, simply drop the trying and get to it.
Erich Fromm|Immature love says "I love you because I need you." Mature love says "I need you because I love you."
Deyth Banger|You can't compare me with others, I am the most different.
Elizabeth Harmon, Turning It On|I did it because you are a beautiful, desirable woman, and a long time ago, someone made you think you weren’t. I’m not saying a few lessons from me can undo everything, but I want you to see a little bit of what I see when I look at you.
Carlos Fuentes|I dalje verujem da Sunce izlazi svakoga dana i da svako novo Sunce najavljuje novi dan;dan koji je juče bio budućnost. I dalje verujem da će današnji dan, u trenutku zatvaranja jedne stranice vremena, obećati sutra – ranije nepredvidivo, kasnije neponovljivo
Ernst Cassirer, An Essay on Man: An Introduction to a Philosophy of Human Culture|As I turned to leave, I looked down. Beside my foot, a sprout of greenery was clawing its way through the pristine nothingness to begin anew. It was later that I realized my haven had sent me a message, and it had shown me that nothing is ever completely lost, unless you cease searching.
Maya Angelou|There were people who went to sleep last night, poor and rich and white and black, but they will never wake again. And those dead folks would give anything at all for just five minutes of this weather or ten minutes of plowing. So you watch yourself about complaining. What you're supposed to do when you don't like a thing is change it. If you can't change it, change the way you think about it.
Alvin Toffler|The secret message communicated to most young people today by the society around them is that they are not needed, that the society will run itself quite nicely until they - at some distant point in the future - will take over the reigns. Yet the fact is that the society is not running itself nicely... because the rest of us need all the energy, brains, imagination and talent that young people can bring to bear down on our difficulties. For society to attempt to solve its desperate problems without the full participation of even very young people is imbecile.
Adrienne Rich|She belongs to a race of delightful women, who never do any harm, whom everybody calls good, and who are very severe on those who do not pretend to be good.
Kanza Javed, Ashes, Wine and Dust|this grimy fragment of another world, the forerunner of change, of conquest, of trade, of massacres, of blessings....the merry dance of death and trade goes on
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|At first, then, exhibit the coyness of a maiden,  until the enemy gives you an opening; afterwards emulate the rapidity of a running hare, and it will be too late for the enemy to oppose you.
Robert Delgado, Book of Secrets|Ah, the bliss of Mahotsava!What joy it brings to every heart!What a rare and precious chanceTo share all knowledge with the wise,And bless and love all peoples of the Earth!”—Book of Secrets I, 1
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Christ’s second coming reminds us that ultimately our hope is not in this world and its attempts to solve its problems, but in Christ’s promise to establish His perfect rule over all the earth.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Any darkness that comes out in my life is the fruit of my own appetites, and it's my choice either to feed or starve those appetites. I was purposely feeding on music and movies with dark, violent themes and plenty of sexual content. All of that takes root in our thought lives and affects everything we do. It clouds our communication with God and can limit how he uses us. If someone is in a dark place and needs help, we're probably not going to have suitable answers when we're gorging on trash.
Josh Stern, And That’s Why I’m Single|Dr. Suess said: 'Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened..' I tell my dates: 'Don't cry because it happened, smile because it's over
David N. Elkins|While art should never become exclusionary and elitist, any culture which fails to support its artists is only contributing to its own impoverishment. (Beyond Religion, p. 122)
Virgil Kalyana Mittata Iordache|From birth to death and further onAs we were born and introduced into this world,We had a gift hard to express by wordAnd somewhere in our continuous road,It kind of lost it sense and turned.There was that time we sure remember,When everything was now and 'till foreverChildren with no worries and no regrets,The only goal was making a few friends.But later on everything has changed,By minds that had it all arrangedTo bring the people into stress,Into creating their own mess.We have been slaved by our own mind,Turned into something out of our kindSlowly faded away from the present time,Forced to believe in lies, in fights and crime.They made it clearly a fight of the ego,A never ending war that won't just goThey made it a competitive game,To seek selfish materialistic fame.They turned us one against eachother,Man against man, brother against brotherDividing us by religion and skin color,Making us fight to death over a dollar.Making us lose ourselves in sadly thoughts,Wasting our days by living in the pastDepressed and haunted by the memories,And yet still hoping to fly in our dreams.Some of us tried learning how to dance,Step after step, giving our soul a new chanceSome of us left our ego vanish into sounds,Thus being aware of our natural bounce.Some tried expressing in their rhymes,The voice of a generation which never diesThey reached eternity through poetryLeaving the teachings that shall fulfill the prophecyOthers have found their way through spirituality,Becoming conscious of the human dualitySeeking the spiritual enlightenment,Of escaping an ego-oriented fightingScience, philosophy, religion,Try to explain the human origin.Maybe changes are yet to come,And it shall be better for someDeath's for the spirit not an end,But a relieving of the embodimentSo I believe that furthermore,We'll understand the power of our soulBut leaving behind all we know,And all that we might not yet knowIt all resumes to that certain truth,That we all seek to once conclude.
Kristy Berridge, The Hunted|Art is long, life short, judgment difficult, opportunity transient. To act is easy, to think is hard; to act according to our thought is troublesome.
Ellen G. White|Sin and forgiveness and falling and getting back up and losing the pearl of great price in the couch cushions but then finding it again, and again, and again? Those are the stumbling steps to becoming Real, the only script that's really worth following in this world or the one that's coming.
Imogen Poots|Constitutions should consist only of general provisions; the reason is that they must necessarily be permanent, and that they cannot calculate for the possible change of things.
Amy Reed, Clean|What if I'm so broken I can never do something as basic as feed myself? Do you realize how twisted that is? It amazes me sometimes that humans still exist. We're just animals, after all. And how can an animal get so removed from nature that it loses the instinct to keep itself alive?
Paul Pierce|To make flexibility work, it is not only necessary to change our attitude about who is a good worker and who is not, but we have to train managers at all levels to recognize the difference between the number of hours worked and the quality of work produced.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|Do not effort to win but try to lose if your Close one is there to fightHappiness that is achieved after losing to our close one's ,that is not possible to achieved even after winning the world
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|A choir is made up of many voices, including yours and mine. If one by one all go silent then all that will be left are the soloists.Don’t let a loud few determine the nature of the sound. It makes for poor harmony and diminishes the song.
Steve Harvey|Rappers aren't the really rich ones. We all have nice houses with studios and cars, but you need a piece of someone's business to be super wealthy.
Tariq Ramadan|History shows, in my opinion, that no nation can survive the tension, conflict and antagonism of two competing languages and cultures. It is a blessing for an individual to be bilingual; it is a curse for a society to be bilingual.
Chloe Maxwell, Living With Max|Baggage is a funny thing. The more you have of it, the heavier it becomes and the longer it takes to reach your destination in life.
George Foster, Amazing Peace-PI|Choose joy! Joy is a choice. Joy is a witness. Joy is a therapy. Joy is a habit. If Jesus, who drank so deeply of the world's sorrow, could be filled with so much fun and laughter, then so can I.
Alexandra Bracken, Never Fade|Miss Vida" Liam said "has anyone never told you that you are positively the whipped cream on the sundae of life?"She glared at him."Anyone ever told you your head is shaped like a pencil?""That is physically impossible," Chubs groused."He'd be__""Actually Liam began, "Cole once did try to__ What?""Oh,I'm sorry," Chubs said, "apparently the middle of my sentence interrupted the beginning of yours. Do continue.
Steven L. Sheppard, The Untold Story Of Iphis And Ianthe|To paraphrase the famous Walt saying, Cast Members are there to work so Guests can play.
Bret Easton Ellis, Less Than Zero|I shot through my twenties like a luminous thread through a dark needle, blazing toward my destination: Nowhere.
Andrea T. Goeglein, Don't Die Waiting to Be Brave|Ordinary points of bravery, the synchronistic moments we all engage in, and the transformative power of minding our voices, forgiving, trusting, and learning to love ourselves and our lives, while we wait.
Fazlur Rahman, Major Themes of the Qur'an|All evil, all injustice, all harm that one does to someone else—in sum, all deviation from man's normative nature—in a much more fundamental way and in a far more ultimate sense one does to oneself, and not just metaphorically but literally.
R.K. Ryals|I believe I have said this before, but it’s worth repeating. The patient’s resources stop where the therapist’s beliefs stop. It is critical that the therapist have an open mind and complete faith in the patient’s deeper resources. The most formidable and potent resources must be approached with respect, taken seriously and accepted on faith. Understand the information and knowledge shared with the therapist is entirely dependent on his or her level of development, their ability to properly use what is communicated for the patient’s or therapist’s benefit and welfare, and the level of trust and belief the resource has in the therapist. The success of their bond and their mission is founded on mutual trust, respect, and faith in each others abilities and potentials. Remember this!”The Guardian
Lailah Gifty Akita|Pure heart, pure soul.
Debasish Mridha|You may forget to eat, but you may never forget to smile and love.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Life wants you to know yourself, be yourself and love yourself.
Robert Evans, A Brief History of Vice: How Bad Behavior Built Civilization|History, as taught by schools, has white washed the drunkenness out of the past. It has minimized the influence of drugs on history's great thinkers, and covered up the impact of prostitution and insults on human development.
Katie Reus, Hunted by Darkness|Uh...are we going to talk about what just happened?" Victoria asked as Drake stepped over to Finn's desk to look at the map layout of the cemetery, seemingly calm about the fact that Bo and Nyx had just disappeared into thin air.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|Much to the confusion of small-minded people, confidence does not equate arrogance.
Kathleen Norris, The Quotidian Mysteries: Laundry, Liturgy and Women's Work|Laundry, liturgy and women's work all serve to ground us in the world, and they need not grind us down. Our daily tasks, whether we perceive them as drudgery or essential, life-supporting work, do not define who we are as women or as human beings.
Michael Marshall Smith, One of Us|The path of life on our planet and maybe many others does not need a divinity to thrive, it needs no excuse to live, owes no debt to the universe because it is a part of the universe, no driving force other than the primal forces of physics and chemistry are needed, those two sets created biology, and if you backtrack all of the life on the Earth, you inevitably end up looking at stardust.
Alan W. Watts|This existence is just imagination. It is nothing in reality, but there is no non-being for natures that know how to distinguish being from non being.
Savannah Stuart, Dangerous Deception|His gaze drops to my mouth.When he looks into my eyes again,his voice is husky.„You were wrong,before.“Confused,I frown. „About what?“His jaw works.For the first time,there's aFlash of emotion in his eyes,something otherThan contempt.„About not doing anything to make me hate you.You've done plenty.
Bronwyn Angela White, Something new to say|On Christmas morning when the beach is calling and the family’s gathering and the presents are a mystery (or definitely feels book-shaped anyway), and after the splendour and celebration of Christmas Eve, we don’t want Christmas Day to be an anticlimax. We’ve gifted our Oxfam goats or geese and bought our CWS calendars, and what we’d like, on Christmas Day, what we really want, is for things to be—perfect. Just like the old days. Something new, but also something familiar.And that’s what’s so wonderful about the Christmas story, and why preachers penning their reflections approach with trepidation but also with joy: at Christmas, the news is all good.
Jess C. Scott, Jack in the Box|She felt the cold blast from the sterile air conditioning on her bare arms and thighs, as she ambled down the center of the shopping complex's ground floor.The scene was a swirl of candy bright lights--the Victoria's Secret fuchsia signboard, signboards which lured one to purchase "confidence," or "sexual appeal," or whatever it was that was being advertised--the fluorescent lights in each store, contrasting with the shiny, black-tiled walls and eye-catching speckled marble tiles on the ground.One could lick the floor--the tiles were spotless, clean like the fake air she was breathing in, like the atoms and cells in her that were decaying in stale neglect.
Nate Anderson, The Internet Police: How Crime Went Online, and the Cops Followed|If the fundamental principles in the Declaration of Independence, as self-evident truths, are real truths, the existence of slavery, in any form, is a wrong.
Vera Nazarian, Cobweb Bride|She was so lovely, it hurt his chest to gaze at her, especially knowing she was courageous and clever too.
Bruno Schulz, The Street of Crocodiles|There open up, deep inside a city, reflected streets, streets which are double, make-believe streets. One's imagination, bewitched and misled, creates illusory maps of the apparently familiar districts, maps in which the streets have their proper places and usual names but are provided with new and fictitious configurations by the inexhaustible inventiveness of the night.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|While learning others, respect demands that one never takes issue with another's freedom to choose their 'get down' - their way of living... and don't be mad. But carefully listen, observe, and compare mental notes before you open your heart's desire -- to make a clear determination what's in your best interest. If you already know how the story ends, and it doesn't fit you, keep [the] proper distance in perspective, in any form(s) of relationship, for the love of self. It may be disappointing, but you'll eventually discover the right one deserving of your full attention. Or, you may be surprised by their sudden awakening to your worthiness. Walk slowly, especially, when it comes to matters of the heart.
China Miéville, Embassytown|The critical question about regret is whether experience led to growth and new learning. Some people seem to keep on making the same mistakes, while others at least make new ones. Regret and remorse can be either paralyzing or inspiring. [p. 199]
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|I'm not difficult," Violet said. "I'm simple. I like good books and clever conversation and being left alone much of the time. How does that make me difficult? I make sense? I don't talk about my feelings, of course, but then, I don't want to." She shrugged. "So that's reasonable."Sebastian smiled despite himself, a smile that felt bitter even to him. "God, no. Not feelings. Heaven forbid that you have anything so messy.""I have feelings." She spoke stiffly. "I just don't talk about them. What's the point? Talking never changes them.
Sloane Crosley, I Was Told There'd Be Cake|Sorry, there´s no magic bullet. You gotta eat healthy and live healthy to be healthy and look healthy. End of story.
Mahyar Mottahed|Learn from the best, so one day you can become the best.
Ruth Ozeki, A Tale for the Time Being|To study the self is to forget the self. Maybe if you sat enough zazen, your sense of being a solid, singular self would dissolve and you could forget about it. What a relief. You could just hang out happily as part of an open-ended quantum array.
Tommy Lee Jones|You are as young as your self-confidence, as old as your fears; as young as your hope, as old as your despair.
P.B. North, LEAVING PIMLICO|That evening we sat in the courtyard of the hotel once more, watching the sun sink below the western isles. I told Alexi what had happened that day. I fancied I could glimpse the grey stone wall of Lismore House on its island hilltop, the red light of the setting sun glinting from the windows, and from there the wasted frame of Jonathan Blake gazing out across the sea, on nothing, his boy waiting for him to die. But it was my fantasy, simply the image on my mind, like the image burned on to your eyes when you have stared too long at the sun, the passing footprint of a creature long gone.
H.L. Mencken|The world is full of injustice, and those who profit by injustice are in a position to administer rewards and punishments. The rewards go to those who invent ingenious justifications for inequality, the punishments to those who try to remedy it.
Mary J. Blige|As a visual person, I love a creative resume. Putting in a little effort on the design side will show that you care about making things look good.
Andrena Sawyer|As believers, our reaction to crisis reveals our heart toward God.
Kenneth Eade, Russian Holiday|Opportunities don't happen, you create them
Scott Stabile|you are a person, not a shredder.so quit tearing yourself to shreds.
Sarah J. Maas, Heir of Fire|There was a faint ringing in her ears that turned into a roar. And beneath it, a sudden wave of numbness, a too-familiar lack of sight or sound or feeling. She didn't know why it happened, because she had been so dead set on hating him, but . . . it would have been nice, she supposed. It would have been nice to have one person who knew the absolute truth about her—and didn't hate her for it.It would have been really, really nice.She walked away without another word. With each step she took back to her room, that flickering light inside of her guttered.And went out.
Marya Mannes|Only in dreams, in poetry, in play do we sometimes arrive at what we were before we were this thing that, who knows, we are.
Ben Carson, One Nation: What We Can All Do to Save America's Future|The Democrats are the party that says government will make you smarter, taller, richer, and remove the crabgrass on your lawn. Republicans are the party that says government doesn't work, and then they get elected and prove it.
Guy Kawasaki, Enchantment: The Art of Changing Hearts, Minds, and Actions|Getting to this point hasn't always been easy; it took me years to really learn to silence my mind. But as you move through your career and your life, you will have to learn that if you're not what you do, then what you do has no business keeping you entertained at night.
Carol Ann Duffy, The World's Wife|But behind each player sttod a line of ghosts unable to win. Eve. Ashputtel. Marilyn Monroe. Rapunzel slashing wildly at her hair. Bessie Smith unloved and down and out. Bluebeard's wives, Henry VIII's, Snow White cursing the day she left the seven dwarves, Diana, Princess of Wales. The Sheepish Beast came in with a tray of schnapps at the end of the game and we stood for the toast -"fay wray"- then tossed our fiery drinks to the back of our crimson throats. Bad girls. Serious ladies. Mourning our dead.
Amit Ray, Yoga The Science of Well-Being|Yoga exercises are the best connecting tools for unity, human dignity, health, equality, global peace and compassion.
Michael Grant|Baumeister's point is that we have a deep need to understand violence and cruelty through what he calls "the myth of pure evil." Of this myth's many parts, the most important are that evildoers are pure in their evil motives (they have no motives for their actions beyond sadism and greed); victims are pure in their victimhood (they did nothing to bring about their victimization); and evil comes from outside and is associated with a group or force that attacks our group. Furthermore, anyone who questions the application of the myth, who dares muddy the waters of moral certainty, is in league with evil.
Mark Twain, Fenimore Cooper's Literary Offenses|T[he rules of writing] require that the episodes in a tale shall be necessary parts of the tale, and shall help to develop it.
Jasper Fforde, The Eyre Affair|Religion isn't the cause of wars, it's the excuse.
Rachilde, Monsieur Venus: A Materialist Novel|Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, but theft is a sin.
Sarah Addison Allen|As long as I am still interested and curious, I enjoy getting up in the morning, but I can't say I have a happy smile on my face 24/7.
Lisi Harrison, Monster High|This is our big chance to see what people think of us. The real us. We have to show em there's nothing to be afraid of. If we don't get over our fears, they never will.
Dolph Lundgren|Pulp existed for 12 years before we got famous. Now, you could say that was just lack of imagination, but it's some kind of quality isn't it? Tenacity. You could also say it was sloth.
Sheri S. Tepper, The Family Tree|The intentions of the cybernetic totalist tribe are good. They are simply following a path that was blazed in earlier times by well-meaning Freudians and Marxists - and I don't mean that in a pejorative way. I'm thinking of the earliest incarnations of Marxism, for instance, before Stalinism and Maoism killed millions.Movements associated with Freud and Marx both claimed foundations in rationality and the scientific understanding of the world. Both perceived themselves to be at war with the weird, manipulative fantasies of religions. And yet both invented their own fantasies that were just as weird.The same thing is happening again. A self-proclaimed materialist movement that attempts to base itself on science starts to look like a religion rather quickly. It soon presents its own eschatology and its own revelations about what is really going on - portentous events that no one but the initiated can appreciate. The Singularity and the noosphere, the idea that a collective consciousness emerges from all the users on the web, echo Marxist social determinism and Freud's calculus of perversions. We rush ahead of skeptical, scientific inquiry at our peril, just like the Marxists and Freudians.
Michael   Lewis, Boomerang: Travels in the New Third World|...a tourist can't help but have a distorted opinion of a place: he meets unrepresentative people, has unrepresentative experiences, and runs around imposing upon the place the fantastic mental pictures he had in his head when he got there.
Narendra Modi|The government belongs to the poor people of the country. We are custodian of people's hope. For whom should the government be? For educated people or few others. Government should be for the poor. If rich want to educate their children, they can send anywhere. If rich fall ill, hundreds of doctors are at service. So the foremost responsibility of the government should be to listen to the poor and work for them. If we do not work for the poor, the people will never pardon us.
Heather McVea, Becoming Forever|I know the plans I have for you, and they're all about me. (Rufus says to Chloe)
Shannon L. Alder|Yes, I was good at reading people. I studied them so I could put them in my novels.
Peni R. Griffin, The Ghost Sitter|Fate of the worms or insects on earth is 100% better than those who are born as Royals. The difficulty with royal families are, they are not aware of how the universal consciousness has planned their birth and for what purposes?
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|As for the world system of evil, we are to be separated from it. This then is our problem: to associate with and love those who are involved in the world without being contaminated, influenced, or swayed by them. This distinction can be achieved only by a close walk with Christ, by constant prayer, and by seeking the Holy Spirit’s leadership every hour of the day. We are in the world, but the world is not to be in us.
David Chiles, The Principles Of Netiquette|Effective internet communication is contact that is acted upon in a good manner, Netiquette. NetworkEtiquette.net
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|They say that wisdom comes from suffering. This is not true. Wisdom comes from having unconditional empathy for all mankind. Any man filled with empathy is capable of gaining valuable insights on the human condition through the suffering of others. You do not need to suffer to know suffering, but you need empathy first to identify and feel the suffering of others around you. If you do not feel love for all mankind, nor see everyone around you as a valuable human and an extension of yourself, then you will never feel real empathy.
Félix J. Palma, The Map of the Sky|You really have a bad habit of falling," he remarked.Falling for you, Amarissa thought.
Michael Crichton, The Terminal Man|He felt a psychosomatic rush of emptiness before he spoke. “Since we are getting to the real point, I am not stupid John. And it would be foolish to think me ignorant. Isn’t this about the Science Nation interview? Isn’t this because I mistakenly used the word “soul?” Isn’t this about you and the others thinking somewhere along the lines, I had gained an imaginary soul? We all know when you gain a soul, you lose a mind. Don’t we john?” John hesitated briefly staring at Roma. “I believe so yes. Souls are luxuries for speculative minds. Real scientists can’t afford such luxuries. They have the world to save.”Roma narrowed his eyes. “Or destroy.
Daniel Keys Moran|We can not say for the memories "go away", we can only protect us as they hit.
Ilona Andrews, White Hot|Shit" Bug said, his face sour. "It's that thing again. We've been dealing with it since Pierce. You think you have a lead and then poof" - he made a puffing motion with his fingers - "it melts into nothing and all you have is frustration and the far noise your face makes when you hit you desk with it."Fart.... what?
Thomas S. Monson|Never let a problem to be solved, become more important than a person to be loved.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|[The Lord] does go with us through our sufferings, and He awaits us as we emerge on the other side of the tunnel of testing—into the light of His glorious presence to live with Him forever!
Edgar Allan Poe, The Raven|The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
Biju Karakkonam|It’s a law of survival, isn’t it?—to seek the best. I didn’t come for your sake. I came for mine.
E.M. Forster, Maurice|He had awoken too late for happiness, but not for strength, and could feel an austere joy, as of a warrior who is homeless but stands fully armed.
Jostein Gaarder, Sophie's World|That is the paradox of the epidemic: that in order to create one contagious movement, you often have to create many small movements first.
Pittacus Lore, The Power of Six|Never lose faith in yourself, and never lose hope; remember, even when this world throws its worst and then turns its back, there is still always hope.
Deepak Chopra, The Return of Merlin|She was startled. "But you're human, aren't you?"In some ways yes. But in other ways I'm a stranger to your kind. I have a friend who calls you plucked angels, and he claims you're a total waste of spirit. Do you ever think like that?"Of course, in honest moments. But I can be just as honest and think that we aren't a spiritual waste but a spiritual potential waiting to grow.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|Look," I said, "We knew Jason and Becky would be back, the break would end. This isn't a surprise, it's what's supposed to happen. It's what we wanted. Right?""Is it?" he asked. "Is it what you want?"Whether he intended it to be or not, this was the final question, the last Truth. If I said what I really thought, I was opening myself up for a hurt bigger than I could even imagine. I didn't have it in me. We changed and altered so many rules, but it was this one, the only one when we'd started, that I would break."Yes," I said.
Al Jarreau|I love the water. Everything about it. Smelling the humidity in the air, seeing the mist rise in the morning, feeling the dew-wet grass on my bare feet. I love watching the fish jump and the geese land. We even have an eagle here that circles every so often.
merlin8thomas|I AM A GIRL WHO DARE,A CITIZEN WHO IS AWARE,DAUGHTER WHO PRAYER,SISTER WHO CARE,A FRIEND WHO SHARE,MIXTURE LIKE AIR,A DIAMOND SO RARE.
Denis Waitley|I see Americans of every party, every background, every faith who believe that we are stronger together: black, white, Latino, Asian, Native American; young, old; gay, straight; men, women, folks with disabilities, all pledging allegiance under the same proud flag to this big, bold country that we love. That's what I see. That's the America I know!
Corrine Jackson, If I Lie|I’m two hours late when I pull in to the driveway. It won’t matter that I’m always on time. People never see how good you are. Fuck up once, and it’s like you are wearing a neon sign.
Ada Palmer, Seven Surrenders|Oh, miraculous chameleon, science, who can reverse your doctrine hourly and never shake our faith! What cult ever battered by this world of doubt can help but envy you?
Daliah Husu, I Am Woman: Surviving the Past, the Present, & the Future|Leaving ‘things’ up to chance is the lazy man’s mantra. The successful man takes action every day, until his purpose is fulfilled.”—Daliah Husu—
Fred Durst|One thing I do know is that poetry, to be understood, must be clear.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|Loyalty is still the same, whether it win or lose the game; true as a dial to the sun, although it be not shined upon.
Jon Krakauer, Into the Wild|Alice jumped from flagstone to flagstone, her face caught in the rainlight glow, her hand grasping for a touch of gold. The towns excitement was contagious, and the air was so thick with promise Alice could almost bite into it.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|People say sometimes that Beauty is superficial. That may be so. But at least it is not so superficial as Thought is. To me, Beauty is the wonder of wonders. It is only shallow people who do not judge by appearances. The true mystery of the world is the visible, not the invisible.
Douglas Adams, The Restaurant at the End of the Universe|Let’s establish a code for when you want to go all creeper on me. One knock means you’d like to come in. Two means you’re just stopping by to spy on me while I sleep.” His eyes travel from my face to my shirt (which happens to be his shirt) to my bare legs, lingering a breath too long before returning to my face. His gaze is warm. My legs are cold.Then he knocks once on the jamb. But it’s the smile that gets him in.
Howard Tayler, Resident Mad Scientist|AAAAIIIE!You're the guy with the things, and the thing that does that thing, and then you did that one thing!Oh, and I think there's something about other things, and maybe you fix things?-Sergeant Schlock
Markus Zusak, I Am the Messenger|All my friends seem to be smart arses. Don't ask me why. Like many things, it is what it is.
Lee Child, Nothing to Lose|Helping, fixing, and serving represent three different ways of seeing life. When you help, you see life as weak. when you fix, you see life as broken. When you serve, you see life as whole. Fixing and helping may be the work of the ego, and service the work of the soul.
L.M. Montgomery|Mrs. Binnie says we throw out more with a spoon than the men can be bringing in with a shovel...Binnie-like. Our men like the good living. And what if we don't be having too much money, Patsy dear? Sure and we do have lashings of things no money could be buying. There'll be enough squeezed out for Cuddles when the time comes. The Good Man Above will be seeing to that.
Nabil N. Jamal|It is not over, unless you stop trying.
David Walton, Quintessence|It's hard to look at it like that, isn't it? Because if you can be a better parent than the ones you had, you have to face the fact that your parents had that choice too. If you're not fated to be an awful parent, they weren't either. And," I said feeling my throat tighten, "it's easier to believe that we're all just [f*'d] than it is to know there are choices." I rubbed my hands together to try to get my fingers to warm up. "It hurts less to think they couldn't have done any better than they did, doesn't it?
Randeep Hooda|There's a time in your life where you're not quite sure where you are. You think everything's perfect, but it's not perfect... Then one day you wake up and you can't quite picture yourself in the situation you're in. But the secret is, if you can picture yourself doing anything in life, you can do it.
Alone Together Why We Expect More from Technology and Less from Each Other|So, for example, Bell is mesmerized by a screen saver that draws on his personal archive to display random snapshots. Pictures of long-ago birthdays and family trips trigger waves of nostalgia. But during my visit, Bell tries to use search tools to find a particular photograph that is not coming up on the screen. He pursues one strategy, then another. Nothing works; he loses interest. One senses a new dynamic: when you depend on the computer to remember the past, you focus on whatever past is kept on the computer. And you learn to favor whatever past is easiest to find. My screen saver, my life.
Mike Massimino, Spaceman: An Astronaut's Unlikely Journey to Unlock the Secrets of the Universe|I think he was trying to tell us that life is not about achieving one great thing, because once that thing is over, life keeps going. What motivates you then? The important thing is having a passion, something you love doing, and the greatest joy in the world is that you get to wake up every day and do it.
Pushpa Rana, Just the Way I Feel|I believed in your love till the time I actually made it, felt like sex.
Susan Sontag, On Photography|The Photograph is an extended, loaded evidence — as if it caricatured not the figure of what it represents (quite the converse) but its very existence ... The Photograph then becomes a bizarre (i)medium(i), a new form of hallucination: false on the level of perception, true on the level of time: a temporal hallucination, so to speak, a modest (o)shared(i) hallucination (on the one hand 'it is not there,' on the other 'but it has indeed been'): a mad image, chafed by reality.
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|So, you’ve failed many times at many things. That’s okay! Learn, grow, and move forward. With the right attitude and mindset, you can learn a lot from failure. Pay attention and keep on striving! You’ve got this!
Gabrielle Zevin, Memoirs of a Teenage Amnesiac|Since i couldn't remember the "real" first time i'd lost my virginity, this would have become my de facto first time. I wanted a better story then: I did it with this boy who i wasn't very into and who had mysterious Gaterade breath; in his room decorated with sports equipment; at least he was nice enough to provide condoms and get his ancient, horny dog to leave us along.
Matt Mullenweg|Wandering around the web is like living in a world in which every doorway is actually one of those science fiction devices which deposit you in a completely different part of the world when you walk through them. In fact, it isn't like it, it is it.
Alanea Alder, My Protector|Do you always drink from a glass?" she finally exploded. Gavriel shook his head. "Over my lifetime, I have fed in nearly every way imaginable. Drinking from a glass is tame is comparison." Meryn started to grin. "Would you drink from a man?" Gavriel nodded. "Would you drink in a van?" she asked, her eyes dancing. "I don't see why not," he replied. Elizabeth stared as Meryn continued. "Would you drink from an actor?" Again, Gavriel nodded. Laughing, Elizabeth shook her head at Meryn. "Would you drink on a tractor?" Meryn could barely get the words out she was laughing so hard. Gavriel frowned. "Maybe from a farmer if the need were dire.
Lang Leav, Love & Misadventure|Before I fellin love with words,with setting skies and singing birds—it was you I fellin love with first.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|What I allow into my head finds its way to my heart, which is a porthole to my soul. Therefore, I might be wise to consider the state of my soul, and then walk this process backwards.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Fear is destructive and defeating, but faith is constructive and creative.
Eddie Lenihan, Meeting the Other Crowd|O smile, going where? O upturned look:new, warm, receding surge of the heart--;alas, we are that surge. Does then the cosmic spacewe dissolve in taste of us? Do the  angelsreclaim only what is theirs, their own outstreamed existence,or sometimes, by accident, does a bit  of usget mixed in? Are we blended in their featureslike the slight vagueness that  complicates the looksof pregnant women? Unnoticed by them in theirwhirling back into themselves? (How  could they notice?)
Francis Cabot Lowell|Working with plants, trees, fences and walls, if they practice sincerely they will attain enlightenment.
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|Almost always, things are exactly as they appear. People are continually looking at the painful or boring parts of life with the half-hidden expectation that there is more going on beneath the surface, some deeper meaning that will eventually be unveiled; we're waiting for the saving grace, the shocking reveal. But almost always things just are what they are, almost always there's no glittering one hidden under the dirt.
Sheila Jeffreys, Beauty and Misogyny: Harmful Cultural Practices in the West|The "fashion-beauty complex'," representing the corporate interests involved in the fashion and beauty industries, has, Bartky argues, taken over from the family and church as "central producers and regulators of 'femininity'" (1990, p. 39). The fashion-beauty complex promotes itself to women as seeking to, "glorify the female body and to provide opportunities for narcissistic indulgence'' but in fact its aim is to "depreciate woman's body and deal a blow to her narcissism'' so that she will buy more products. The result is that a woman feels constantly deficient and that her body requires "either alteration or else heroic measures merely to conserve it'' (p. 39).
Tisha Marie Payton, MHR, Live Self-Sufficiently: The 12 Step Living Guide|You have to evaluate your relationships and eliminate the relationships that are not bringing you positivity and growth. We need to be around people who encourage us, uplift us, and promote positivity.
Jennifer duBois, Cartwheel|Forgiveness was work, Eduardo told victims' families--but so, then, was love, and deciding what was right, and defending it. Recusing yourself from judgment so you won't be tainted by the aggressor's sin is the same as turning away from empathy so you won't be touched by the victim's pain.
Chuck Norris|My mom never went to college, but for her own children, getting a great education was not an option.
Antonin Artaud|If I commit suicide, it will not be to destroy myself, but to put myself back together again. Suicide will be for me only one means of violently reconquering myself, of brutally invading my being, of anticipating the unpredictable approaches of God. By suicide, I reintroduce my design in nature, I shall for the first time give things the shape of my will.
David Mamet, Writing in Restaurants: Essays and Prose|No I am not okay. I've just been pulled out of play tryouts where I had to be the first to audition and everyone's trying out for the same parts, I just had a very bizarre conversation with the school secretary, Megan may be throwing up her cucumber sandwiches, I've broken five of the seven deadly sins in as many hours, a demon may be inside a girl in my world religions class, Grant Brawner called me by name, my license photo looks like a dead fish, I have to drive my friends all over town in two hours when I've never even driven without Dad before, none of my birthday wishes have come true yet, and now you're here with muffins like I'm in second grade? So, no, I am not ok.
Ayn Rand|Learn to value yourself, which means: fight for your happiness.
Karina Halle, Darkhouse|If you want to be all like smart and adult about this shit then do the right thing. But if you want to do something fun and take a chance, then screw what anyone else thinks. Rock and roll, man!
Anne Hathaway|I recognize that I have a unique position to be a role model to young girls because I am doing something that they consider glamorous, which is acting, and yet I took a time to really get my education and study mathematics, and I think math is the cat's meow.
Gabrielle Dubois|Love from novels isn't true love: it ends where it should begin. True love, deep love, grows up with time, throughout days of dullness and days of storms. It leaves in one's heart a rainbow of tenderness and forgiveness which illuminates forever the beloved one.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|When we feel, a kind of lyric is sung in our heart. When we think, a kind of music is played in our mind. In harmony, both create a beautiful symphony of life.
Geoffrey Hill, Canaan|Evil is not good's absence but gravity'severlasting bedrock and its fatal chainsinert, violent, the suffrage of our days.
cG9sYXJhZGl0aWE=|I just cash in on the fact that I’m good looking, and I’ve got a nice figure and girls like me.
Krystal Sutherland, A Semi-Definitive List of Worst Nightmares|Esther supposed, as they held each other under a threadbare carpet of stars, that this was how it must always feel in the beginning. Yet even there, next to him, the most excellent person in the universe, she couldn’t stop herself from thinking that love was a pitcher plant. Sweet with nectar on the outside, but once you caught the scent and took the plunge, it ate you whole.Soul and all.
Jeffrey Eugenides, The Marriage Plot|He had the feeling that there was something physically behind his eyes, blocking the light.
Kenya Wright, The Muse|My love, one day, you are going to be my wife.
Abhijit Naskar|At times, look back towards your ancient days, drink deep from the eternal fountain of wisdom long gone, and then look ahead.
John Shadegg|It is an interesting fact that during my tour I was never allowed access to computers, radios, or anything else that I might damage through curiosity, or perhaps something more sinister.
Jay Woodman|Thanks to President Obama, I am able to get medical treatment in the USA for the long term effects of very high altitude sickness and unnatural electromagnetic radiation exposures.
Richelle E. Goodrich|Be happy. Be happy for no reason at all. Believe it or not, you have the ability and free agency to make that choice.
Lisa Renee Jones, Revealing Us|Tell me you like it, Olivia. Say the words. Tell me I'm the only one who can set your body on fire like this.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Redesign your image, make it brighter! You can’t wait for any other time, any other person or any other skill. Once you are convinced about your personal power, you can enter the race and change the course of flow.
Patricia Hampl, Virgin Time|History, as it was purveyed to us, was not so much a narrative, not even the detached observation of the rise and fall of fortunes and cultures. It was the litany of loss, attended by the inevitable sympathy for the vanquished side. The past was always the underdog, and we sensed it was only right to be on its side against the bully future. We were left with the impression that our own grip was loosening on some essential pediment as one empire after another was swallowed up, and the centuries collapsed into our own.
Lisa Kleypas, Sugar Daddy|A couple of times in your life, it happens like that. You meet a stranger, and all you know is that you need to know everything about him.
Alice von Hildebrand, The Privilege of Being a Woman|Above all else, above the mechanics, even, a doctor should be thoroughly grounded in morality.
Karl Menninger|After All The.Purge.Election.Year.2016 wasn't a big deal, it could be better, I have watched and better movies.
Alan W. Watts, Nature, Man and Woman|Who are we to think we deserve anything? What makes us so great? No one is "lucky" to have us. We are all full of it.
Elizabeth Rudnick, A Frozen Heart|He felt the long light body, warm against him, comforting against him, abolishing loneliness against him, magically, by a simple touching of flanks, of shoulders and of feet, making an alliance against death with him.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Instead of saying maybe in May, let May be!
Georgette Heyer, The Unknown Ajax|I don't ask you - fribble!' snapped his lordship, rounding on him, with the speed of a whiplash. 'You may keep your tongue between your teeth!'"Yes, sir - happy to!' uttered Claud, dismayed. 'No wish to offend you! Thought you might like to be set right!''Thought I might like to be set right?''No, no! Spoke without thinking!' said Claud hastily. ' I know you don't!
Toni Sorenson|We navigate many paths each day, but how many sooth our souls and nourish our senses? Be aware of where you walk because the path you take can change your very essence.
Toni Sorenson, Aligned By Christ|Unless and until we change, we cannot grow. What’s life without growth?
Tyler Knight, Burn My Shadow: A Selective Memory of an X-Rated Life|There they are. Two girls built like pagan fertility dolls, resting on their haunches, caked from head-toe in the multi-shaded come of every man who gave his offering before me
Mehmet Murat ildan|When the sun sleeps, the darkness awakens! When the shepherd disappears, the wolf appears on the horizon!
Alan Furst|Jesus Christ. This is what sin feels like," he rasped. "Wrong and right, at the same time. Life and death. Blond, long-legged, and tight.
Eudora Welty, On Writing|My father did not bring it up, but of course I knew that he had another reason to worry about my decision to write. Though he was a reader, he was not a lover of fiction, because fiction is not true, and for that flaw it was forever inferior to fact. If reading fiction was a waste of time, so was the writing of it. Why is it, I wonder, that humor didn't count? Wodehouse, for one, whom both of us loved, was a flawless fiction writer.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we seek the excellent knowledge of Christ Jesus, we shall be filled with fullness of God.
John Paul II|Do not be afraid to take a chance on peace, to teach peace, to live peace...Peace will be the last word of history.
Idries Shah, Learning How to Learn: Psychology and Spirituality in the Sufi Way|If you really want to learn, do not be surprised if someone tries to teach you. And do not lightly reject the method.
Bashō Matsuo, The Narrow Road to the Deep North and Other Travel Sketches|Had I crossed the passSupported by a stick,I would have spared myselfThe fall from the horse.
Walter Brueggemann|Now I myself, I cheerfully admit, feel that enormity in Kensington Gardens as something quite natural. I feel it so because I have been brought up, so to speak, under its shadow; and stared at the graven images of Raphael and Shakespeare almost before I knew their names; and long before I saw anything funny in their figures being carved, on a smaller scale, under the feet of Prince Albert. I even took a certain childish pleasure in the gilding of the canopy and spire, as if in the golden palace of what was, to Peter Pan and all children, something of a fairy garden. So do the Christians of Jerusalem take pleasure, and possibly a childish pleasure, in the gilding of a better palace, besides a nobler garden, ornamented with a somewhat worthier aim. But the point is that the people of Kensington, whatever they might think about the Holy Sepulchre, do not think anything at all about the Albert Memorial. They are quite unconscious of how strange a thing it is; and that simply because they are used to it. The religious groups in Jerusalem are also accustomed to their coloured background; and they are surely none the worse if they still feel rather more of the meaning of the colours. It may be said that they retain their childish illusion about their Albert Memorial. I confess I cannot manage to regard Palestine as a place where a special curse was laid on those who can become like little children. And I never could understand why such critics who agree that the kingdom of heaven is for children, should forbid it to be the only sort of kingdom that children would really like; a kingdom with real crowns of gold or even of tinsel. But that is another question, which I shall discuss in another place; the point is for the moment that such people would be quite as much surprised at the place of tinsel in our lives as we are at its place in theirs. If we are critical of the petty things they do to glorify great things, they would find quite as much to criticise (as in Kensington Gardens) in the great things we do to glorify petty things. And if we wonder at the way in which they seem to gild the lily, they would wonder quite as much at the way we gild the weed.
Roddy Doyle, Paddy Clarke Ha Ha Ha|If you need to find out who is your friend among many, stimulate a resolutive conflict.
Debasish Mridha|A flower blooms with all of her power and love to give you joy and to beautify this world. Is she conscious, unconscious, or super conscious?
Drew Bankston|Could be I've finally gone crazy, but men crazier than me have done greater things than I've ever dreamed, so we'll see where it takes me." ~ Tom Parker, Imagination Stone
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley|The sun, the moon, the ocean– these were all the children of Ouranos and Gaia. They had hundreds more, and they were the grandparents of the gods and of human beings. Ouranos didn’t make any of this out of nothing, and neither did God. There had to be a wife.
Namrata, Time's Lost Atlas|I looked at her for three seconds, or five perhaps, with fearful hatred-that hate which is only a hair's-breath from love, from the maddest love!
Muhammad Yunus, Banker to the Poor: Micro-Lending and the Battle Against World Poverty|UN studies conducted in more than forty developing countries show that the birth rate falls as women gain equality... I believe income-earning opportunities that empower poor women ... will have more impact on curbing population growth that the current system of "encouraging" family planning practices through intimidation tactics.. Family planning should be left to the family.
Kelly Clarkson|Confidence is seen, not heard.
Lisa Renee Jones, Revealing Us|I think it’s the whole ‘bad boy who’s so good but destined to break your heart’ fantasy. Which doesn’t sound like much of a fantasy when you put the broken heart part in the picture, but it is. It so is.
Anthony Edwards|Listen, whatever makes the movie better. That's the attitude you have to have.
Ramana Pemmaraju|The more you know a person, the less you interfere in his affairs.
Lionel Suggs|To withdraw isn't a sign of weakness... It is a sign that a man knows the limits of his capabilities and the most probable outcome of the future. One who retreats to fight another day isn't running away, but looking for another road towards the same destination.
Steven Wright|I tell people, and it's the truth, I could sit in my garage for a week and it won't make me a car. And you can sit in church till your bottom is flat and that won't make you a servant of Christ.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|The ugly and stupid have the best of it in this world. They can sit at their ease and gape at the play. If they know nothing of victory, they are at least spared the knowledge of defeat. They live as we all should live-- undisturbed, indifferent, and without disquiet. They never bring ruin upon others, nor ever receive it from alien hands. Your rank and wealth, Henry; my brains, such as they are-- my art, whatever it may be worth; Dorian Gray's good looks-- we shall all suffer for what the gods have given us, suffer terribly.
Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|I don't judge people. It blurs out the center of my attention,my focus, myself.
Steve Coogan|I'd love to live in Ireland but I'd like to live as me, not what someone thinks I am. People don't understand - I lived there before I was famous.
Nicholas D. Kristof, Half the Sky: Turning Oppression into Opportunity for Women Worldwide|Anybody who has spent time in Indian brothels and also, say, at Indian brick kilns knows that it is better to be enslaved working a kiln. Kiln workers most likely live together with their families, and their work does not expose them to the risk of AIDS, so there's always hope of escape down the road.
Shannon L. Alder|The slow pace of our perfection has to be borne with patience, provided that on our part we always do whatever we can to continue advancing.
Ann Coulter|The children of the Fulcrum are all different: different ages, different colors, different shapes. Some speak Sanze-mat with different accents, having originated from different parts of the world. One girl has sharp teeth because it is her race's custom to file them; another boy has no penis, though he stuffs a sock into his underwear after every shower; another girl has rarely had regular meals and wolfs down every one like she's still starving. (The instructors keep finding food hidden in and around her bed. They make her eat it, all of it, in front of them, even if it makes her sick.) One cannot reasonably expect sameness out of so much difference, and it makes no sense for Damaya to be judged by the behavior of children who share nothing save the curse of orogeny with her.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Truly there are different kinds of pain.  But the most agonizing is the pain of regret, for which there is no lasting relief and no remedy.
Bede Griffiths|I suddenly saw that all the time it was not I who had been seeking God, but God who had been seeking me. I had made myself the centre of my own existence and had my back turned to God.
Savania China, Challenge and Improve: Confronting, and Deriving Valuable Life Lessons from, Popular Quotes|Although sometimes the road to success follows a path less-travelled, a path less-travelled often leads to nowhere
Helen Keller, The Open Door|Truly I have looked into the very heart of darkness, and refused to yield to its paralyzing influence, but in spirit I am one of those who walk the morning. What if all dark, discouraging moods of the human mind come across my way as thick as the dry leaves of autumn? Other feet have traveled that road before me, and I know the desert leads to god as surely as the green, refreshing fields, and orchards.
Rainer Maria Rilke|Being an artist means, not reckoning and counting, but ripening like the tree which does not force its sap and stands confidence in the storms of spring without fear that after them may come no summer.
David S.E. Zapanta, Posthumous|The burning red taste of blood floods my mouth. The sparkle of life sprays out of his cells like citrus mist from an orange peel, and I suck it in.
Bailey Bristol, The Devil's Dime|Linnet’s thudding heart raced blood through her veins, sending a flush of embarrassing heat to her face. She had been avoiding him, but she could never tell him why. It took all her discipline not to quail under Sir Anthony’s penetrating gaze.  Blast the man. She’d lost count of the times he’d made her feel like a blushing maiden. Strictly speaking, she was still a maiden, but she’d given up blushing years ago—along with simpering, flirting, and so many other talents deemed useful to unmarried women. Except, of course, in Sir Anthony’s august presence.
Nicole  Williams, Crash|When you find someone you want to spend forever with you, you don't let them go, whether forever turns out to be a day or a year of fifty years. Don't let the fear of losing them keep you from loving them.
Louise Penny, A Rule Against Murder|Provide a safe place for people to be their 100% self, this world is already guarded and fearful, trained to keep walls up and throw away the keys. A harden heart is no pure reality and for too long, we have all stood to allow it; so instead of excusing mimisfortune, let's bathe eachother in compassion and grow beyond what we've been taught
F. Scott Fitzgerald, Babylon Revisited and Other Stories|We'll all be failures?""Yes. I don't mean only money failures, but just sort of - of ineffectual and sad, and - oh, how can I tell you?
Charleston Parker, ONE Soul Many FACES - REVEALING THE HIDDEN TRUTH|In life, you have 3 choices. Give up, give in, or give it your all.
Francesca Marciano, The Other Language|These were the moments that would stick in her memory for years to come, those instants of perfect bliss that nothing else would ever match again.
Connie Brockway, The Bridal Season|I want you cool and regal, earthy and impertinent, spoiling for a fight and abashed at your own temper. I want you flushed with exertion and rosy with sleep. I want you teasing and provocative, somber and thoughtful. I want every emotion, every mood, every year in a lifetime to come. I want you beside me, to encourage and argue with me, to help me and let me help you. I want to be your champion and lover, your mentor and student.
Reginald Hill, An April Shroud|His attitude to physical clues was rather like that of the modern Christian to miracles. They could happen, but probably not just at the moment.
Louisa May Alcott, Little Women|I wish I had no heart, it aches so…
Scott Stabile|The moon, right now, is even bigger than my love for it.
Bob Barr|When I design buildings, I think of the overall composition, much as the parts of a body would fit together. On top of that, I think about how people will approach the building and experience that space.
Democritus|If your desires are not great, a little will seem much to you; for small appetite makes poverty equivalent to wealth.
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|I have always thirsted for knowledge, I have always been full of questions.
William Shakespeare, Macbeth|If the sleep of reason produces monsters, what does the sleep of unreason produce?
Michael Ondaatje, The English Patient|The trouble with words is that you can really talk yourself into a corner. You can't fuck yourself into a corner."That's a man talking," muttered Hana.
Ulysses S. Grant|Despite the slowness, the infidelity, the errors and sins it committed and might still commit against its members, the Church, trust me, has no other meaning and goal but to live and witness Jesus.
Mitch Albom, For One More Day|It’s funny. I met a man once who did a lot of mountain climbing. I asked him which was harder, ascending or descending? He said without a doubt descending, because ascending you were so focused on reaching the top, you avoided mistakes.The backside of a mountain is a fight against human nature,” he said. “You have to care as much about yourself on the way down as you did on the way up.
Melina Marchetta, The Piper's Son|I prepared to get out of bed, tossing the covers aside, the sheets dank-smelling, gray from my body. I wondered how long it had been since I'd changed them. And then I wondered how often you were supposed to change them. These were the kinds of things you didn't learn. I changed bedclothes after sex, now, finally, and that I only learned a few years ago from a movie on TV: Glenn Close, some thriller, and she'd just had sex and is changing the sheets and I can't remember the rest, because all I was thinking was: Oh, I guess people change sheets after they have sex. It made sense, but I'd never thought of it. I was raised feral, and I mostly stayed that way.
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|This isn't fair, he would think in those moments. This isn't friendship. It's something, but it's not friendship. He felt he had been hustled into a game of complicity, one he never intended to play.
Fred Barnett|They have no discipline. They’ll still need us.”	“Ha!” said Postel. “No discipline? Behold!!!! My cat has written a book! ...And she's published!" — Amok 2015
Rosemarie Osmun|Life is a work of art, and what you see depends on your perspective.
Audrey Conn|Interpreters package and then sell, rent, or impose upon us artificially flavored illusions of truth, salvation, enlightenment, and happiness that are built upon their goals. That twisted information and those errant goals and are often very different from those of the original teachers that these interpreters are borrowing moral authority from. Following our own inner guidance would yield better results than following the village idiot. Neither Buddha nor Jesus was waiting for a Buddha or a Jesus to come solve their personal problems or those of humanity. The key to whatever we need is within us. The job of uncovering it is ours to do.
Charles Bukowski|People are strange: They are constantly angered by trivial things, but on a major matter like totally wasting their lives, they hardly seem to notice.
Mark R. Leary|From a social psychological standpoint, the selfie phenomenon seems to stem from two basic human motives. The first is to attract attention from other people. Because people’s positive social outcomes in life require that others know them, people are motivated to get and maintain social attention. By posting selfies, people can keep themselves in other people’s minds. In addition, like all photographs that are posted on line, selfies are used to convey a particular impression of oneself. Through the clothes one wears, one’s expression, staging of the physical setting, and the style of the photo, people can convey a particular public image of themselves, presumably one that they think will garner social rewards.
Nalini Singh, Kiss of Snow|You have the power to tear me to pieces, to wound me so deep and true that I'll never recover. What Rissa's death did to the boy I was? You have the ability to do a thousand times worse to the man I've become.
Mary Doria Russell, Epitaph|You can get angry, you can get even, or you can get ahead.
Napoleon Hill|If you can't do great things, do small things in a great way.
Elizabeth McCracken, An Exact Replica of a Figment of My Imagination|Perhaps it goes without saying that I believe in the geographic cure. Of course you can't out-travel sadness. You will find it has smuggled itself along in your suitcase. It coats the camera lens, it flavors the local cuisine. In that different sunlight, it stands out, awkward, yours, honking in the brash vowels of your native tongue in otherwise quiet restaurants. You may even feel proud of its stubbornness as it follows you up the bell towers and monuments, as it pants in your ear while you take in the view. I travel not to get away from my troubles but to see how they look in front of famous buildings or on deserted beaches. I take them for walks. Sometimes I get them drunk. Back at home we generally understand each other better.
Claire North, The End of the Day|The first two tracks were pop songs from the 1970s, sung in Danish in a style that was best described as Abba without joy.
Tahir Shah, Travels With Myself|As a travel writer I've specialized in gritty, fearful destinations, the kind of places that make a reader's hair stick on end.
Meia Geddes, Love Letters to the World|I, on the other hand, felt as I always have, like I were water seeping from a broken pot; I existed but had no form to hold me in place.
Caitlin Moran, Moranifesto|Two women at the same event wearing the same outfit is a disaster. But two women at the same event singing the same song is a party. And two women at the same event talking about Doris from Fame is a friendship for life. Fill yourself with words, choruses, and heroes, like you're supposed to fill your wardrobe with shoes, brooches, and belts.
Srikumar Rao|We have a powerful potential in out youth, and we must have the courage to change old ideas and practices so that we may direct their power toward good ends.
Richard Matheson, I Am Legend|Miniture protoplasm, the dirty little bastard!
Alan de Jager|Before you and your spouse can work as a team raising your children, you must first work as a team in your marriage.
Yoko Ono|Everything is a blessing, even meetings. Whether it's meetings or running gassers or lifting, it's an opportunity, and the best thing to do is be thankful for it.
Breaking Dawn Part 1 Film|I ended my statement to the colored soldiers by saying: "Now, I shall be very sorry to hurt you, and you don't know whether or not I will keep my word, but my men can tell you that I always do;" whereupon my cow-punchers, hunters, and miners solemnly nodded their heads and commented in chorus, exactly as if in a comic opera, "He always does; he always does!
Shaune Bordere, Action Words: Journey of a Journalist|Mayor Walmsley is using the typical Jim Crow manipulation tactics to deflect the blame and guilt. He's a classic racist politician with an ulterior motive,” says Ora.
Stephen Eric Bronner, Reclaiming the Enlightenment: Toward a Politics of Radical Engagement|Serenity of mind produces an expanding awareness that fosters creative selflessness, which in turn enables us to experience unabashed harmony communing in rhythmical bliss with nature.
Stephen H. Furrer|Myths are, in fact...neither primitive nor untrue. They are, rather, a kind of poetry that helps us make sense of the world and our place in it.
Diplo|I appreciate people who are authentic. Someone who just wants to be cool, I can tell when their intentions aren't right.
Jen Lancaster|Sports movies are a genre that I really respond to, but they can be done really poorly and really fall short. The good ones are just so good and inspiring and make you feel good.
Luggs|You are an author! You will be a published author. Take pride in that, and present only your best work. Then, continue to improve, so your best gets even better.
Jacky Fleming, The Trouble With Women|Dr. Edward Clarke, a Harvard professor, said it was possible for a girl to study hard and do well in everything, but it would damage her health for the rest of her life, and her children would be shriveled.
Anthony Liccione|Crying doesn't make you weak. There's sixteen years of tears in that body of yours, and you have to let some of it go.
Margaret Sanger|Now is the most exciting time in fashion. Women are controlling their destiny now, the consumer is more knowledgeable, and I have to be better every single day.
Ben Bernanke|I have little routines in the theater. Once I've established something, like the order of putting on makeup and a costume, I have to invariably do it in the same order every time, even if I only did it by chance the first time round.
Robert Smithson|My passion and great enjoyment for architecture, and the reason the older I get the more I enjoy it, is because I believe we - architects - can effect the quality of life of the people.
Omoakhuana Anthonia|Wiping the tears off another’s eyes is one of the sweetest and coolest gestures ever. It says, “I am here if you need to talk or a shoulder to lean on. I may not understand your pains but I would do anything to keep the tears from falling”.
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|Our probable ancestors, Homo erectus and Homo habilis -now extinct- are classified as of the same genus (Homo) but of different species, although no one (at least lately) has attempted the appropriate experiments to see if crosses of them with us would produce fertile offspring.
André Malraux|This idealization of motherhood is essentially a means of keeping women from developing a sexual consciousness and from breaking through the barriers of sexual repression, of keeping alive their sexual anxieties and guilt feelings. The very existence of woman as a sexual being would threaten authoritarian ideology; her recognition and social affirmation would mean its collapse.
Idowu Koyenikan, Wealth for All: Living a Life of Success at the Edge of Your Ability|The mind is just like a muscle - the more you exercise it, the stronger it gets and the more it can expand.
Sunday Adelaja|When we refuse to do what we are supposed to do at the right time, the consequence is that of pain and tragedy.
Jamaica Kincaid, Lucy|In a daydream I used to have, all these places were points of happiness to me; all these places were lifeboats to my small drowning soul, for I would imagine myself entering and leaving them, and just that - entering and leaving over and over again - would see me through a bad feeling I did not have a name for. I only knew it felt a little like sadness but heavier than that.
Bernard Baruch|An age is called Dark not because the light fails to shine, but because people refuse to see it.
Nancy   Wilson, Building Her House: Commonsensical Wisdom for Christian Women|Never miss an opportunity to be truly and deeply humiliated! The shame will carve you down to an individual of exquisite layering, and in the process, etch within you the arcs of exceptional narrative.
Elizabeth Langston, I Wish|My mother sat motionless at the kitchen table, her head cradled on one arm, the other extended toward her ever-present coffee mug. This was going to be another of her bad days.  It was hard to pinpoint when I’d given up hope that she would pull herself together--that me being in charge would be a temporary thing. But too many months had passed with nothing changing, except somewhere along the way I’d stopped feeling sympathy for her. Or anger. It was easier to not feel anything where my mother was concerned because then I could never be let down.
Ambrose Bierce, The Unabridged Devil's Dictionary|NIHILIST, n. A Russian who denies the existence of anything but Tolstoi. The leader of the school is Tolstoi.
Michael Bayswater, The Adventures of Michael Bayswater.|The more I thought about it, the more I began to grasp the fact that I was being offered a life changing opportunity. A chance to experience something which few people ever even thought about let alone embraced.	‘It will be an adventure,’ she said calmly. ‘For all of us.
Herculine Barbin, Herculine Barbin: Being the Recently Discovered Memoirs of a Nineteenth-century French Hermaphrodite|‘Jane’s World’ has pushed the boundaries for mainstream comic strips: girls have kissed, punched each other, have been abducted by aliens, taken steamy showers together and turned into monkeys. Jane has been through a lot and I love her for it.
Darren Shan, Demon Apocalypse|Demons were said to be cruel, but a demon would never have been so brutal as this. A demon merely called you by name, threw his arms around you, whispered his plight, understood yours, then took you for his own.
Russel T. Davies|My mind, my logical, practical, reasoning mind, is peeing in his mind pants.
Cathy Burnham Martin, The Bimbo Has Brains: And Other Freaky Facts|The call of God is not just for a select few but for everyone. Whether I hear God's call or not depends on the condition of my ears, and exactly what I hear depends upon my spiritual attitude.
Anna Godbersen, Envy|A young woman, newly wed, may find herself in the delightful position of wanting to do nothing without the company of her darling husband. She may indeed discover that she spends all her waking hours with her fellow to the exclusion of every other friend or family member. This is understandable, but wholly unacceptable, to society.
Rosalia de Castro|Since you get more joy out of giving joy to others, you should put a good deal of thought into the happiness that you are able to give.
Larry Flynt|I am conservative with a small 'c.' It's possible to be conservative in fiscal policy, and tolerant on moral issues or questions of freedom of expression.
Kindle Alexander, Always|You're my always. I love you so much. I'd do anything to see you this happy." - Avery Adams
S.L. Scott, Naturally, Charlie|If I were being honest with myself, he lit a blaze, not just a blush, but that’s too much reality for me to admit.
Jeremy Rifkin|We had some major successes and we did so because the country embraced the spirit of Earth Day and embraced this concept that we have to have forward-looking, visionary environmental policy and energy policy in this country.
Idina Menzel|For me, 'Rent' was all about coming out of myself, finding out who I was, learning the power I could have as a performer. And 'Wicked' was about harnessing all that strength.
Madelaine Standing, Heaven In The Meat Packing District|Hate destroys, love builds: be a creator. Fear closes, love opens: be an advocate for life. Guilt stagnates, love permits: be a peaceful warrior. Anger takes away, love gives: be a foundation for life. A defeatist attitude makes its own bed while love has the power to design its very own house.
Dada Bhagwan|Illusion (maya) makes one take birth, illusion makes one get married and illusion also makes one die. But here the condition is that it is not the reign of illusion. It is your own reign. It cannot happen unless you wish for it. Illusion gives the result (effect) of what you had consented to in your past life.
Marilyn Johnson, This Book Is Overdue!: How Librarians and Cybrarians Can Save Us All|Those who dwell , as scientists or laymen, among the beauties and mysteries of the earth are never alone or weary of life. Whatever the vexations and concerns of their personal lives, their thoughts can find paths that lead to inner contentment and to renewed excitement in living. Those who contemplate the beauty of the earth find reserves of strength that will endure as long as life lasts. There is symbolic as well as actual beauty in the migration of the birds, the ebb and flow of the tides, the folded bud ready for spring. There is something infinitely healing in the repeated refrains of nature--the reassurance that dawn comes after night, and spring after winter.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Bearing our cross does not mean wearing gunny sacks and long faces. Some people . . . wear the look of a martyr every time they hear criticism. Sometimes we deserve the criticism we receive; however, we are blessed only when men speak evil against us falsely for Christ’s sake.
JohnA Passaro|Prescribing hard work for the soft, or easy work for the hardy, is generally nonsense. What is always needed in any aim is right effort, right time, right people, right materials.
Lynn Viehl, Night Lost|Count yourself fortunate." He made an elegant sweep of his hand toward the sun. "Daylight does not make them turn to ash, but they become bloody damn infants, whinging on about irritated eyes and sluggish limbs and so forth.
Clifford Cohen|Why do the powerful always insist on having a “back story” to justify whatever they do? Why can’t they—just once—do something for the simple reason that it is the right thing to do, in itself, for reasons understood and accepted by all? In politics, laws are passed to secretly serve hidden agendas, for without such agendas many lawmakers would never find the motivation to support anything at all.
Cecily von Ziegesar, Don't You Forget About Me|She was resilientA brave soldier when life tested herIt didn't matter that she did strange thingslike stand tall under the rainletting the drops kiss her skinthinking the storm was romanticIt was hard to quiet hernot that you would want towhen she spoke, it was captivatingHer heart was like a candlewarm and delicatejust what you needed during darknessSometimes, she'd go off and explore the worldtest her limitslaugh too muchcry when humans were cruelIt wasn't hard to see why people envied herYou'd come to realize she was a lionand she could not be tamed.
Alexandra Bracken, Never Fade|Hey Boo, I'm in this now, too, & I got a lot of experience playing assholes like they're fucking harps. You need backup, I got you. Stop trying to convince yourself that you're in this alone.
Diane von Furstenberg|When I design and wonder what the point is, I think of someone having a bad time in their life. Maybe they are sad and they wake up and put on something I have made and it makes them feel just a bit better. So, in that sense, fashion is a little help in the life of a person. But only a little.
Joan Bauer|It was bad enough not having a boyfriend for New Year's Eve. Now I had to cope with Valentine datelessness, feeling consummate social pressure from every retailer in America who stuck hearts and cupids on their windows by January second to rub it in. (Thwonk)
Malala Yousafzai, I Am Malala: The Story of the Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban|In his thoughtful and complex style of analysis, Hitler continued on to note the following: “Since the newspapers in question did not enjoy an outstanding reputation ... I regarded them more as the products of anger and envy than the [representation] of a principled, though perhaps mistaken, point of view.” In the lines above, we see Hitler begin to wrestle with anti- Semitism, flatly reject religious anti-Semitism as unworthy of Austrian cultural tradition, and suspect that the arguments of the anti-Semitic press and gutter pamphlets were exaggerated beyond credibility by too much subjective and too little objective and principled argument. The view of virtually every Hitler biographer that he based his anti-Semitism on arguments derived from the gutter press and pamphlets of Vienna does not hold up in the face of the words above. To the contrary, we see Hitler take the measure of that liter
John Willis Zumwalt|The sad reality is that there are many Christians who are “saved”, “heaven bound,” and “hell proofed” who do not care about the souls of the lost. What a beautiful contrast our Lord Jesus Christ is! His passion for souls brought Him from Heaven to earth, His Passion for souls motivated His compassionate activity. His passion for souls pressed Him to a rough cross where He surrendered His life to save the lost.
James  Pratt|One of the things that helps use cope with loss is the fact that while memories may remian, the emotions associated with them will fade like old photographs. At the same time, there is a masochistic desire to retain those feelings spurred on by the dread of losing the power they hold. Sometimes I can't think of anything more awful than simply being human.
Steven Kotler, Stealing Fire: How Silicon Valley, the Navy SEALs, and Maverick Scientists Are Revolutionizing the Way We Live and Work|Whatever we may be or seem to others, to ourselves we are always just ourselves
Lars Ulrich|I find that when you do yoga, you don't crave unhealthy food. But I try to always let myself eat whatever I want. I have dessert or chocolate every day, but I'll only have a few bites. I try to have a little bit of cereal in the morning, and then I always try to have protein for dinner, too. But I eat pasta and stuff like that.
Pierce Brosnan|The downside to making movies at a gallop like we did with 'Wish You Were Here' is that we're shooting four or five scenes in a day, and it's very exhilarating, but you worry at the end of the day that you missed some details because you were moving too quick, and you just gotta trust and be ready straightaway.
Ethan Zuckerman|I have no consistency, except in politics; and that probably arises from my indifference to the subject altogether.
Jesse Andrews, Me and Earl and the Dying Girl|Turning his back on the village of Unwin, Chiave lumbered into the forest, barely able to walk under the weight of all he carried.
Peter Kreeft, Prayer for Beginners|Our conversation with God should be utterly free and familiar, because God is the only person who will never, ever misunderstand us and never, ever reject us (hate us, ignore us, or be indifferent to us). These are the tow reasons we hid from other people, even our friends, even our parents, and the tow reasons we should never hide from God.
Charles Dickens, A Tale of Two Cities|A wonderful fact to reflect upon, that every human creature is constituted to be that profound secret and mystery to every other.
George R.R. Martin, A Storm of Swords|You ought to be blowing me kisses, wench.
Laura Florand, The Chocolate Touch|God manifests himself to us in the first degree through the life of the universe, and in the second degree through the thought of man. The second manifestation is not less holy than the first. The first is named Nature, the second is named Art.
Hannah Rachel Bell, Storymen|My story is a sad and lonely one, and beautiful and lively and joyful. It's not perfect; it is what it is.This is a story.But it is not a fairytale.
Muriel Rukeyser|I have a story to tell you. It has many beginnings, and perhaps one ending. Perhaps not. Beginnings and endings are contingent things anyway; inventions, devices. Where does any story really begin? There is always context, always an encompassingly greater epic, always something before the described events, unless we are to start every story with “BANG! Expand! Sssss…,” then itemize the whole subsequent history of the universe before settling down, at last, to the particular tale in question. Similarly, no ending is final, unless it is the end of all things…
Robert Gottlieb|Many cows are fed a high-protein diet, which creates a more liquid manure that is easier to spray on fields.
Billie Jean King|I think young writers should get other degrees first, social sciences, arts degrees or even business degrees. What you learn is research skills, a necessity because a lot of writing is about trying to find information.
Laurie Nadel, Dancing with the Wind: A True Story of Zen in the Art of Windsurfing|Out here on the water, it’s a fine line between feeling in control and losing it altogether.
James C. Collins, Good to Great: Why Some Companies Make the Leap... and Others Don't|When [what you are deeply passionate about, what you can be best in the world at and what drives your economic engine] come together, not only does your work move toward greatness, but so does your life. For, in the end, it is impossible to have a great life unless it is a meaningful life. And it is very difficult to have a meaningful life without meaningful work. Perhaps, then, you might gain that rare tranquility that comes from knowing that you’ve had a hand in creating something of intrinsic excellence that makes a contribution. Indeed, you might even gain that deepest of all satisfactions: knowing that your short time here on this earth has been well spent, and that it mattered.
Natalie Herzer, The Hunt is On|I need to be a vampire," she said. "and I want one of them to make it happen. Michael will do fine. I don't care who turns me. The important thing is that if I change, I'll be a princess."I was wrong. She was really crazy.
Craig Jones, Gem - No Loose Ends|There is but a gentle stillness inside every cerebral. Tiny waterfalls of blood vessels rushing, becoming lethal.
Mark W. Boyer, Resumes 101: Get in Step|Okay, I know--my superpower--I'd be able to shoot lightening bolts out from my fingertips--great big knowledge network lightening bolts--and when a person was zapped by one of those bolts, they'd fall down on their knees and once on their knees, they'd be under water, in this place I saw once off the east coast of the Bahamas, a place where a billion electric blue fish swam up to me and made me a part of their school--and then they'd be up in the air, up in Manhattan, above the World Trade Center, with a flock of pigeons, flying amid the skyscrapers, and then--then what? And then they'd go blind, and then they'd be taken away--they'd feel homesick--more homesick than they'd felt in their entire life--so homesick they were throwing up--and they'd be abandoned, I don't know...in the middle of a harvested corn field in Missouri. And then they'd be able to see again, and from the edges of the field people would appear--everybody they'd known--and they'd be carrying Black Forest cakes and burning tiki lamps and boom boxes playing the same song, and they sky would turn into a sunset, the way it does in Walt Disney brochure, and the person I zapped would never be alone or isolated again.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|Where are the men?” the little prince at last took up the conversationagain. “It is a little lonely in the desert. . . ”“It is also lonely among men,” the snake said.
Sarah Waters, Fingersmith|I tell myself that with enough effort, I can control my feelings.
Sara Loo|Kindness went out to play all on a summer's day. With her about many smiles came out and joined in sweet array.Sara Loo, "Mother Goose Move Over or you're gonna love poetry
Tom Udall|My idea of beauty is somebody that doesn't have to try too much, someone who is effortless and fresh.
Stanley Victor Paskavich, Stantasyland: Quips Quotes and Quandaries|For a lot of people, God lives in their Bibles and they open it when they feel He has something to say.
Beverly Engel, The Right to Innocence|Because children take everything personally, they believe that if they are being mistreated, it's because they haven't been “good enough.” Being good as an adult makes them believe, incorrectly, that they have some control in life. They think that they will be rewarded for their goodness and that it will protect them from harm.
Mehek Bassi|It's all very well to talk like that,” said Mr. Rafiel. “We, you say? What do you think I can do about it? I can't even walk without help. How can you and I set about preventing a murder? You're about a hundred and I'm a broken-up old crock.
David H. Murdock|I don't have a problem with my body. I don't diet, and I'm not hiding anything. I'm not going to be the subject of a movie of the week 10 years from now.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Sleep," he says. "I'll fight the bad dreams off if they come to get you.""With what?""My bar hands, obviously."In the moments before i drift off to sleep, i hear him whisper, "I love you, Tris.
Cynthia Hand, Hallowed|I’ve learned that sometimes, when you’re afraid but you keep on moving forward, that’s the biggest kind of courage there is.
Anna McPartlin, Apart From The Crowd|She'd either be a heartless mother and wife or a spineless enabler, when all she really wanted was the man she'd once believed him to be.
Eamonn Gearon, The Sahara: A Cultural History|If asked which words one associated with the Sahara, only the most dedicated surrealist might be expected to offer "whale".
Jason Jennings, The Reinventors: How Extraordinary Companies Pursue Radical Continuous Change|It is possible to feel angered by the compromises all around us, while remaining apathetic to the compromises inside us.
Jodi Picoult, Vanishing Acts|	If loneliness is the disease, the story is the cure.
Deb Caletti, Stay|When someone is nasty or treats you poorly, don't take it personally. It says nothing about you, but a lot about them.
Ben-Hur: A Tale of the Christ|Men speak of dreaming as if it were a phenomenon of night and sleep. They should know better. All results achieved by us are self-promised, and all self-promises are made in dreams awake. Dreaming is the relief of labor,the wine that sustains us in act. We learn to love labor, not for itself, but for the opportunity it furnishes for dreaming, which is the great under-monotone of real life, unheard, unnoticed, because of its constancy. Living is dreaming. Only in the graves are there no dreams.
Geoffrey Wood|What I want to write is that I lay there until morning, with tear-stained eyes, a tear-stained pillow, a tear-stained life. What can one do with levels of gloom and guilt, fear and disbelief, of bewilderment above one's capacity to register? I slept soundly.
Elie Wiesel, Open Heart|Good questions are to be appreciated, not answered.
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|Finnick and I sit for a long time in silence, watching the knots bloom and vanish, before I can ask, 'How do you bear it?'Finnick looks at me in disbelief. 'I don't, Katniss! Obviously, I don't. I drag myself out of nightmares each morning and find there's no relief in waking.'Something in my expression stops him.'Better not give in to it. It takes ten times as long to put yourself together as it does to fall apart.'Well, he must know. I take a deep breath, forcing myself back into one piece.
Neha Yazmin, Someone Like You|We have not erased history; we are becoming part of the city's history by righting the wrong image these monuments represent and crafting a better, more complete future for all our children and for future generations.
Cassandra Clare, City of Fallen Angels|Fighting, laughing, loving or crying, if it was with him, I was where I wanted to be.
Rob McNamara, Strength to Awaken|Is it a world in the makingthat turns as it whistles to the depths of my beingIt is burningSuppose it were to appearA bleeding rosary at the windowa sun setting on the marshlands("Silver Clasp")
Babette Rothschild, 8 Keys to Safe Trauma Recovery: Take-Charge Strategies to Empower Your Healing|In times of violence, there is always that first acquaintance or intimate of ours, who, when they are touched, makes what had seemed like a bad dream suddenly, evisceratingly real.
B.J. Rosalind, Fragmented Bliss|She was the wish of his life. He didn’t know how else to say it. He didn’t even know that he could really explain, just that every time he saw her he felt his bones might break under the weight of his wanting. His longing for her.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|All states of consciousness, no matter how mystical, ecstatic or divine, are gloriously born through the protoplasmic activity of the brain.
Robert Stikmanz, Death on the Toilet|I've never been able to understand 'faith' myself, nor to see how a just God could expect his creatures to pick the one true religion out of an infinitude of false ones - by faith alone. It strikes me as a sloppy way to run an organization, whether universe or a smaller one.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Angel's Game|I've always said that idleness dulls the spirit. We have to keep the brain busy, or at least the hands if we don't have a brain.
Mary Sage Nguyen|We can not improve humanity if everyone is conforming to society's standards. Set your own standard, and find out for yourself.
Lenny Kravitz|People see my photos and think I labor over my image and I'm this cool, brooding artist. But I'm just having fun with it.
Shannon Celebi|For too many women in America are becoming sick with exhaustion and stress as they try to do things that can't be -- shouldn't be -- done. Too many are eaten up by resentment toward their husbands, who are not subject to the same heartless pressures. Too many are becoming anxious and depressed because they are overwhelmed and disappointed. Too many are letting their lives be poisoned by guilt because their expectations can't be met, and because there is an enormous cognitive dissonance between what they know to be right for themselves and what they're told is right for their children. Too many feel out of control.
Cecilia Llompart, The Wingless|Once I really looked at the sky, I wanted to go on looking; it seemed to draw me towards it and make me listen hard, though there was nothing to listen to, not so much as a twig was stirring.
G.A. Aiken, Dragon Actually|When you are in love you know no fear or hatred. when you are fearful there is no possibility of love or hatred. And when there is hate, there is only hate.
Sivaprakash Sidhu|Sometimes life's lessons may not be easily labeled; and we may not understand simply because we are too close to the situation (emotionally). Bad things and tragedy strike all around us with no obvious reasons but somewhere in this "the phoenix will rise from the ashes".
Jan Rogers|Age does not mean wisdom, Do not follow the old man off the cliff.
Woody Allen|I’m going to kill myself. I should go to Paris and jump off the Eiffel Tower. I’ll be dead. you know, in fact, if I get the Concorde, I could be dead three hours earlier, which would be perfect. Or wait a minute. It -- with the time change, I could be alive for six hours in New York but dead three hours in Paris. I could get things done, and I could also be dead.
