Lydia M. Child|The truth is that love smashes into your life like an ice floe, and even if your heart is built like the Titanic you go down.
J. R. R. Tolkien|I like doves. They look so beautiful, like a woman. For me they represent peace and love and purity. And sometimes they're seen as the messengers of God, so they're important to me because I'm a Christian.
Tara Estacaan|silence in the lightover thick bamboo leaves, the sunmagical yellow- Tara Estacaan, Day's Crown Haiku
Rachel Caine, Midnight Alley|Parents are not interested in justice, they're interested in peace and quiet.
Alanis Morissette|Unless a reviewer has the courage to give you unqualified praise, I say ignore the bastard.
C. JoyBell C.|I believe a stronger sense of empathy would tilt the balance of our current politics in favor of those people who are struggling in this society. After all if they are like us, then their struggles are our own. If we fail to help we diminish ourselves.
Cherie Summers, A Melody For Adrian|I don’t want a challenge with a woman.” Adrian was getting bothered by his friend’s persistence. “I want one who’s ready and willing. You see how pristine that chick looked? We’re talking completely uncharted territory. She’s probably never had a tongue in her mouth, much less a cock. I ain’t got time for training.
Justus A. Platt, His Father's Command|We are absolutely right to condemn the suicide bomber's targeting of innocent civilians and mourn his victims. But as we have seen, in war the state also targets such victims; during the 20th century, the rate of civilian deaths rose sharply and now stands at 90 percent. In the West we solemnize the deaths of our regular troops carefully and recurrently honor the memory of the soldier who dies do his country. Yet the civilian deaths we cause are rarely mentioned, and there has been no sustained outcry in the West against them. Suicide bombing shocks us to the core; but should it be more shocking than the deaths of thousands of children in their homelands every every year because of land mines? Or collateral damage in a drone strike?
Debasish Mridha|When you love yourself, feel the joy of your soul and see the dance of your spirit, you are really living your life.
Debasish Mridha|When you have wings of love to fly,why do you sit in a prison and cry?
Thomas Boston|Go where thou wilt, thou canst not go out of thy Father's ground.
Carlos Ghosn|When you're CEO, you have to have two conditions: first, shareholders need to trust you and want you to head your company. The second is that you need to feel the motivation to do the job. So, as long as both are reunited, you continue to do the job.
Kate White, Eyes on You|She had her sonar continually set for excuses to entertain, to bring together influential and powerful people in a mix that hummed, sizzled, throbbed, and sometimes burst into flames. But I was delighted to be her excuse tonight.
Hyman G. Rickover|When doing a job — any job — one must feel that he owns it, and act as though he will remain in that job forever.
Barbara Kingsolver|...The question is, why do you think you can't be a writer?""To be a writer, you need readers.""I'm no painter, then. Who ever looks at my little dumb pieces of shit?
Hisham Matar, Anatomy of a Disappearance|There has not been a day since his sudden and mysterious vanishing that I have not been searching for him, looking in the most unlikely places. Everything and everyone, existence itself, has become an evocation, a possibility for resemblance. Perhaps this is what is meant by that brief and now almost archaic word: elegy
Robert Jackson Bennett, City of Blades|I have taken many lives in my life. Many children, perhaps husbands, wives, parents. Perhaps it is only just that this same violation was inflicted upon me. Perhaps it is just that one who lives a life of war becomes a refugee from it.
Hailee Steinfeld|When I was 12, I was living in Iowa, and I emailed so many wrestling schools, and one of them was actually in Boston. I joined it at 18 - the New England Pro Wrestling Academy. They were doing a fantasy camp. I was 17 about to turn 18. I told my mom, 'I'm 18 now. I just signed these papers by myself, and I'm going to do this.'
Patrick Lencioni, Overcoming the Five Dysfunctions of a Team: A Field Guide for Leaders, Managers, and Facilitators|It was like a war inside me; I couldn’t even recognize all the sides. There was one that said, ‘No, this is wrong; you know it’s wrong and bad and sinful,’ and there was another that said, ‘Nothing has ever felt so right and natural and true and good,’ and another that said it was happening too fast, and another that just wanted to stop thinking altogether and fling my arms around Annie and hold her forever. There were other sides, too, but I couldn’t sort them out.
Giulia Enders, Gut: The Inside Story of Our Body’s Most Underrated Organ|Darkness fell, revealing a sparkling night sky so beautiful that we decided to sleep out under the stars. At gray dawn, Phyllis woke me with an urgent voice. “Bill, Bill,” she said, “when I woke up I saw this huge boulder beside me, but it wasn’t there last night. Look! Look!” she said and pointed next to her. It was the huge buffalo bull! He had come back during the night and lay down beside us to sleep. I was awestruck. I felt so honored, so grateful, so loved. I loved that buffalo with all my heart and soul. I felt like he knew it, and that was why he had come back to sleep with us. But maybe there’s a different reason. Judith Niles, a wise spiritual friend of mine recently told me that the spontaneous melody is “the voice of the soul.” The minute she said it I knew she was right. Now I feel sure that the creatures responded to “the voice of the soul” amplified through my body. When we human beings finally get it together the natural world is going to respond to us in more wonderful ways than we can ever begin to imagine.
Marilynne Robinson, Gilead|We must unceasingly ask for [perseverance] by making use of the means which God has taught us for obtaining it: prayer, fasting, almsgiving, frequenting the sacraments, association with good companions, and hearing and reading Holy Scripture.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|Bad stories can create good people, and I wanted to protect them from those bad stories so they could live with the good person they'd created without ever worrying about what I had to go through to become that person. I kept those secrets because I needed to . . . and sometimes it's OK to make those kinds of decisions for the sake of your own happiness.
Howard Tayler, Emperor Pius Dei|As long as we only have to lie to the enemy, it's honest enough for me.-Captain Tagon
Osho|Children contend with parents who are physically close, tantalizingly so, but mentally elsewhere.
Hans Christian Andersen|Look deep into nature, and then you will understand everything better.
Chuck Palahniuk, Choke|Far be in from me to dictate how you should assuage your guilt. Do you have a lot of it?"She bit his good shoulder. "You're about to find out."She toppled them both off the bench and onto the mat. "Well, ouch. I take it guilt doesn't bring out your gentler side.
نجيب محفوظ|If we reject science, we reject the common man.
Steven Rowley|The saddest realization I’ve had in my life is that my parents are people. Sad, human people. I aged a decade in that moment.
Lailah Gifty Akita|What belongs to you; your soul, your spirit and your body!
Lemony Snicket, The Beatrice Letters|Strange as it may seem, I still hope for the best, even though the best, like an interesting piece of mail, so rarely arrives, and even when it does it can be lost so easily.
Harriet Beecher Stowe, Uncle Tom's Cabin|Brave' covers everything from complete insanity and bloody disregard of other people's lives - generals tend to go in for that sort - to drunkenness, foolhardiness, and outright idiocy - to the sort of thing that will make a man sweat and tremble and throw up . . . and go and do what he thinks he has to do anyway.
Bruce Poon Tip, Looptail: How One Company Changed the World by Reinventing Business|How can we ever understand what we are and where we belong in the universe if we haven't experienced anything outside of our own nation, culture, or history?
Karen Joy Fowler|Big Brown MooseI'm a big brown moose,I'm a rascally moose,I'm a moose with a tough, shaggy hide;and I kick and I prancein a long-legged dancewith my moose-mama close by my side.I shrug off the coldand I sneeze at the windand I swivel my ears in the snow;and I tramp and I trompover forest and swamp,'cause there's nowhere a moose cannot go.I'm a big brown moose, I'm a ravenous mooseas I hunt for the willow and yew;with a snort and a crunch,I rip off each bunch,and I chew and I chew and I chew.When together we slumpin a comfortable clump --my mountainous mama and I --I give her a nuzzleof velvety muzzle.Our frosty breath drifts to the sky.I'm a big brown moose,I'm a slumberous moose,I'm a moose with a warm, snuggly hide;and I bask in the moonas the coyotes croon,with my moose-mama close by my side.
Steve Ross|So little done, so much to do.
Barbara Sher, I Could Do Anything If I Only Knew What It Was: How to Discover What You Really Want and How to Get It|In the early days all I hoped was to make a living out of what I did best. But, since there’s no real market for masturbation I had to fall back on my bass playing abilities.
Alwyn Hamilton, Rebel of the Sands|You know, I never believed in fate until I met you... then I started thinking coincidence didn't have near so cruel a sense of humor
Christy Reece, Return to Me|The whole world seemed to be wounded, broken, hurting.
Ramana Pemmaraju|All that we have achieved in life is creating a virtual reality for ourselves, while burying the actual reality! Our preference of technology over nature proves that Man is experiencing everything through the HEAD. What a pity!
Pearl Zhu, Change Insight: Change as an Ongoing Capability to Fuel Digital Transformation|Change Management can become more successful with people at the core of change, the cause of change and the purpose of change.
Lyanda Lynn Haupt, Crow Planet: Essential Wisdom from the Urban Wilderness|I was overcome by a wave of wonder at how much good was going on, and how you heard about the bad things that happened so much that you overlooked the immensely disproportionate majority of other acts done to the real benefit of self and others without which none of this would be here at all.
Wendy S. Marcus, All I Need Is You|You’re smart. Don’t sell yourself short by thinking all you are is pretty to look at. What about this new person you plan to become? Is she going to starve herself and work out to the point of exhaustion so she can have a beautiful body too? Because if she is, then she’s going to have the same problems with unwanted attention as the person you are now does.
Michael Bassey Johnson|To creative people, the compendium of the white man's dialect are unfashionable, because their creations are more than what the tongue could say.
Anna Quindlen|Every story has already been told. Once you've read Anna Karenina, Bleak House, The Sound and the Fury, To Kill a Mockingbird and A Wrinkle in Time, you understand that there is really no reason to ever write another novel. Except that each writer brings to the table, if she will let herself, something that no one else in the history of time has ever had."; Mount Holyoke College, May 23, 1999]
Johan Huizinga, Homo Ludens: A Study of the Play-Element in Culture|Our point of departure must be the conception of an almost childlike play-sense expressing itself in various play-forms, some serious, some playful, but all rooted in ritual and productive of culture by allowing the innate human need of rhythm, harmony, change, alternation, contrast and climax, etc., to unfold in full richness.
Lauren Oliver, Hana|And for a moment―for a split second―everything else falls away, the whole pattern and order of my life, and a huge joy crests in my chest. I am no one, and I owe nothing to anybody, and my life is my own.
Kiera Cass, The Crown|That's the lesson in this for people like me who sometimes get wound up about doing things perfectly: 90 percent of the people in your life won't know the difference between, say, fresh and frozen, or handmade and store-bought, and the 10 percent who do notice are just as stressed-out as you are, and your willingness to choose simplicity just might set them free to do the same.
Nelly Sachs|World, they have taken the small children like butterflies and thrown them, beating their wings, into the fire--
Oscar Wilde, The Happy Prince and Other Tales|Every man must have a philosophy of life, for everyone must have a standard by which to measure his conduct. And philosophy is nothing but a standard by which to measure.
Pushkar Saraf|we must love those with whom we live and work, and love them for all their failings, manifest and manifold though they be.
Nancy Reagan|TV started for me just as a means of keeping my husband Desi off the road. He'd been on tour with his band since he got out of the Army, and we were in our 11th year of marriage and wanted to have children.
Lisel Mueller, Alive Together|Now in the thriving season of lovewhen the bud relents into flower,your love turned absence has turned once more,and if my comforts fall soft as rainon her flutters, it is becauselove grows by what it remembers of love
Benazir Bhutto|Clearly it's not easy for women in modern society, no matter where they live. We still have to go the extra mile to prove that we are equal to men. we have to work longer hours and make more sacrifices. And we must emotionally protect ourselves from unfair, often vicious attacks made on us via the male members of our family.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn|I cannot believe that my generation may very well have been the last one to have sex education in schools that was truly the complete and total package. I mean what are we doing? Are we in the future, but acting like it's The Dark Ages?
Jennifer Touma, Moment of Impact: Harness the Explosive Power of Three to Maximize Your Mind, Life, and Business|Where excess lies, usually someone had to give something up for the other to get it.
Queen Wilma Malim|Just because I'm young, that doesn't mean I don't have a point.
Avina Celeste|If you hide your problems and never let yourself get help from yourself and others, those problems will always be lurking inside of you beneath the surface.
Lawrence Durrell, The Alexandria Quartet|And I saw her as a sad thirtieth child of Valentine that fell, not as Lucifer rebelling against God, but because she too passionately wanted to be united with him! All things in excess become sin.
Robert Graves, Claudius the God and His Wife Messalina|I have pondered on the causes of a life's shipwreck. I think that our lives are worse than the mind's quality would warrant. There are many who know virtue. We know the good, we apprehend it clearly. But we can't bring it to achievement.
Tyler Cowen, An Economist Gets Lunch: New Rules for Everyday Foodies|There ain't no point in making soup unless others eat it. Soup needs another mouth to taste it, another heart to be warmed by it.
Michael Vito Tosto|We all encounter random phenomena, arbitrary occurrences, chance meetings, and eerie coincidences. When we attach our own meaning to these events, we are feeding meaning into the random; we are choosing something arbitrary and assigning our own deeper purpose to it. The problem, though, is that we do this selectively.
J.G. Ballard|Maybe you are a poet and a dreamer, but don't you realize that those two species are extinct now?
Mehmet Murat ildan|If the universe doesn't care about us and if we're an accident in a remote corner of the universe, in some sense it makes us more precious. The meaning in our lives is provided by us; we provide our own meaning.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|If we're to be judged by our parents and grandparents, then we all may as well impale ourselves upon jagged bits of rock.
Phillips Brooks|Acceptance and tolerance and forgiveness, those are life-altering lessons.
R.D. Ronald, The Elephant Tree|Reflection comes between us and every other person and object in the world. An object or a person can be reflected in so many different ways. Yet the heart of an object or the essence of the heart can never be reflected. All faith and creativity is the hunger to cross over this frontier, it is the desire for pure and total encounter and belonging. Love is an affair between a reflection and its object.
Satya Nadella|I've always been into computers. When I was getting out of high school and forming my identity musically, all of it was really coming into the fold, computers and drum machines. It felt like, you know, I'm in the right place at the right time. I liked the collision.
Lysander Spooner|Slavery, if it can be legalized at all, can be legalized only by positive legislation. Natural law gives it no aid. Custom imparts to it no legal sanction.
Catherine Lowell, The Madwoman Upstairs|I realized that my life of late had consisted of far too much dialogue and not enough exposition. I imagined an angry, bespectacled English teacher slashing his pen through the transcript of my life, wondering how someone could possibly say so much and think so little.
Elaine Seat, Playbook for Your Extraordinary Life: A Practical Guide to a Remarkable Life|Working with people feels uncertain, and that's why it takes courage to engage. You can follow all the rules, have good intentions, and still get burned.
Alex Turner|When I was 11, I had an Ugly Sister birthday party. All my idea. Most girls want to be a fairy or a princess, but there I am with beauty spots and fur and fluorescent pink kiss-curls.
Paula Szuchman |Great Leaders develop through a never ending process of self-study, self-reflection, education, training, and experience
Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures|The Dean leaned toward an ear.“I was saying,” he said loudly, “that we didn’t know the meaning of the word ‘sex’ when we were young.”“That’s true. That’s very true,” said Poons. He stared reflectively at the flames. “Did we ever, mm, find out, do you remember?
Gugu Mona|Melville to Hawthorne: "In your stories, you seem to understand that the dramatic moments come not when a character must choose between right and wrong buy when he must choose between two wrongs.
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|Imagine if you were performing at your full potential, the lives you would change - including yours. Just imagine...
Doris Lessing, The Golden Notebook|Free women," said Anna, wryly. She added, with an anger new to Molly, so that she earned another quick scrutinizing glance from her friend: "They still define us in terms of relationships with men, even the best of them.
Whitney Barbetti, Ten Below Zero|Take this wine glass for example. If I had poured milk into it and told you it was wine, would you be upset when you took the first sip, expecting the bite of fermented grapes and getting milk instead?”“I like milk.”Everett fought a smile. “I do too. But I also like to know what’s coming. It all boils down to control.
Penny Kittle, Book Love: Developing Depth, Stamina, and Passion in Adolescent Readers|A reading appetite is quirky, singular, and essential
Rex Tillerson|My friends have said, 'Wait, you're pretty, and you sing? What do you mean you're interested in science?' I have to just hold my head and go, 'Do you hear yourself?' By no means should you ever limit yourself because of what others think or because of their perceptions of what someone looks like in a certain field.
Christy  Johnson, Breathless: Edition Two|Maybe love doesn't come from the heart. Maybe it's a psychic jolt that wakes you when you touch them, leaving you breathless.
Aleksandra Ninkovic|You remain so silent,as carried away,through mist of your thoughts,so dark and so deep,and even awake same as when asleep,waiting for enlightenment of a newborn day.I'm bound to your silence,to the core i'm bound,to delicate stillness,so cruel and so tender,that despite of danger,soul yearns to surrender,to that mesmerizing absence of the sound.I resign everything i once knew so clear,throwing in the wind fragments of my past,they are worth so little,they're nothing but dust,nothing to remember,and nothing to fear...
C.G. Jung|To say "I love you" one must know first how to say the "I".
AVA., you are safe here.|oh, the heartbreakingly beautifultender weight of being human.
A.W. Tozer, The Divine Conquest|[God says] Discipleship is not limited to what you can comprehend - it must transcend all comprehension. Plunge into the deep waters beyond your own comprehension, and I will help you to comprehend even as I do. Bewilderment is the true comprehension. Not to know where you are going is the true knowledge. My comprehension transcends yours.
John Green|Hazel has to realize that her mom was wrong when she said, “I won’t be a mother anymore.” The truth is, after Hazel dies (assuming she dies), her mom will still be her mom, just as my grandmother is still my grandmother even though she has died. As long as either person is still alive, that relationship survives. (It changes, but it survives.)
Tristan Sherwin, Love: Expressed|If at first you don’t succeed, then maybe you have the wrong idea of success, or you’re using the wrong standard of measuring it.
Richard K. Morgan, Altered Carbon|Like Bancroft, MacIntyre had been a man of power, and like all men of power, when he talked of prices worth paying, you could be sure of one thing. Someone else was paying.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Too often it’s about what stands before us, not what stands within us.
Louis Menand|You can’t observe historical events; you can’t question historical actors; you can’t even know most of what has not been written about. What has been written about therefore takes on an importance that may be spurious. A few lines in a memoir, a snatch of recorded conversation, a letter fortuitously preserved, an event noted in a diary: all become luminous with significance—even though they are merely the bits that have floated to the surface. The historian clings to them, while, somewhere below, the huge submerged wreck of the past sinks silently out of sight.
Siegfried Sassoon|Birth and death are the most singular events we experience - and the contemplation of death, as of birth, should be a thing of beauty, not ignobility.
Gray Scott|The hijab, or sikh turban, or Jewish skullcap are all explicit symbols, but they do not represent a threat or affront to others, and have no bearing on the competence, skills and intelligence of a person.
Helen Keller, My Religion|As selfishness and complaint pervert and cloud the mind, so sex with its joy clears and sharpens the vision.
Jane Urquhart, The Stone Carvers|When one embraces a moment of rapture from the past, either by trying to reclaim it or by refusing to let it go, how can its brightness not tarnish, turn grey with longing and sorrow, until the wild spell of the remembered interlude is lost altogether and the memory of sadness claims its rightful place in the mind? And what is it we expect from the sun-drenched past? There is no formula for re-entry, nothing we can do to enable reconstruction.
James Van Pelt|Writing fiction feels like an adventurous act, nudging aside reality a word at a time.
Debasish Mridha|All I wanted to do, ever, was be myself.
James Gleick|Every man is a genius, for God exists in all men.
G.H. Hardy, A Mathematician's Apology|The only person can love you in the world is Your mother (real)She forgets with in seconds the bad behavior you did wtih her, she comes backs again with love!
Amy Tan, The Joy Luck Club|You can't stay in the dark for too long. Something inside you starts to fade, and you become like a starving person, crazy-hungry for light.
Yukio Mishima|True beauty is something that attacks, overpowers, robs, and finally destroys.
Zack Love, Anissa's Redemption|But then, as I looked in the mirror, I became fixated on some hairs near my carotid artery that were still there. I pushed the blade deep against my neck to shave them off, and then blood squirted out.
VaZaki Nada|She walked with darkness dripping off her shoulders, I've seen ghosts brighter than her soul.
Roger Tory Peterson|Develop resilience and be brave. There are days when it is very discouraging. You have to develop personal resilience to environmental things that come along. If you let every single environmental challenge knock you off your game, it's going to be very, very hard.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|I am not important. If I take a break, no one dies. And this is A Good Thing.
Tycho Brahe|Our world faces a true planetary emergency. I know the phrase sounds shrill, and I know it's a challenge to the moral imagination.
Janet Evanovich, Hot Six|Wondering where Ranger was now, when I needed him. Why wasn’t he here, insisting on locking me up in a safe house? Now that my hamster’s cage was clean, I’d be happy to oblige.
China Miéville, Un Lun Dun|If you're brave enough to try, you might be able to catch a train from UnLondon to Parisn't, or No York, or Helsunki, or Lost Angeles, or Sans Francisco, or Hong Gone, or Romeless.
Nathan Myhrvold|If you had a really good - battery, it wouldn't matter that the sun goes down at night and the wind stops blowing sometimes. But at the moment, battery technology is nowhere near good enough to use at utility scale.
A.R. Von, Lady's Destiny|His eyes go wide while a gasp of wonder passes his lips. He turns his body fully toward us. His lips moving like a fish out of water, gasping for breath. He gives his head a shake and stutters out, “Mer—mermaids. There are fish with women’s bodies or—women with fish bodies sitting upon the rocks. I—I never knew...
Heather M. Orgeron, Boomerangers|I want to rip the rest of those buttons open and climb him like a monkey in a banana tree. Oh God, what I would do with his banana...
Tarryn Fisher, Mud Vein|That's why writers write—to say things loudly with ink. To give feet to thoughts; to make quiet, still feelings loudly heard.
John Irving, A Prayer for Owen Meany|IT (The country) IS HEADED TOWARD OVERSIMPLIFICATION. YOU WANT TO SEE A PRESIDENT OF THE FUTURE? TURN ON ANY TELEVISION ON ANY SUNDAY MORNING - FIND ONE OF THOSE HOLY ROLLERS: THAT'S HIM, THAT'S THE NEW MISTER PRESIDENT! AND DO YOU WANT TO SEE THE FUTURE OF ALL THOSE KIDS WHO ARE GOING TO FALL IN THE CRACKS OF THIS GREAT, BIG, SLOPPY SOCIETY OF OURS? I JUST MET HIM; HE'S A TALL, SKINNY, FIFTEEN-YEAR-OLD BOY NAMED "DICK." HE'S PRETTY SCARY. WHAT'S WRONG WITH HIM IS NOT UNLIKE WHAT'S WRONG WITH THE TV EVANGELIST - OUR FUTURE PRESIDENT. WHAT'S WRONG WITH BOTH OF THEM IS THAT THEY'RE SO SURE THEY'RE RIGHT! THAT'S PRETTY SCARY - THE FUTURE, I THINK, IS PRETTY SCARY.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|The political nature of man made it highly unlikely that a society designed to meet regularly would remain peaceable. "The way to make friends quarrel is to pit them in disputation under the public eye," Jefferson said.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Everyone gets forgotten because of Alzheimer's, ignored because of ignorance about oneself and replaced because of trying to stay in the same place.
Douglas Brinkley|At East Side Jews, we can take a risk because it isn't all about the rules. I started it to create a space for all those people who wouldn't go to temple because they were scared of getting the rules wrong.
Christian D. Larson|A positive mind is like a powerful stream of water that is gathering volume and force from hundreds of tributaries all along its course. The further on it goes the greater its power, until when it reaches its goal, that power is simply immense. A negative mind, however, would be something like a stream, that the further it flows the more divisions it makes, until, when it reaches its goal, instead of being one powerful stream, it has become a hundred, small, weak, shallow streams.
Richard Ford, The Granta Book of the American Short Story|Finally I do like best of all stories whose necessity is in the implied recognition that someplace out there there exists an urgency—a chaos—, an insanity, a misrule of some dire sort which can end life as we know it but for the fact that this very story is written, this order found, this style determined, the worst averted, and we are beneficiaries of that order by being readers.
Doe Zantamata|You cannot convince someone to see something that they do not want to see, no matter how much you know it would improve their lives. You have to love and accept them exactly as they are today. If you cannot do that, you have to let them go and find their own way, in their own time, if they ever choose to do so.Otherwise, you'll be giving them the power over your happiness, too.
Barack Obama|For alongside our famous individualism, there's another ingredient in the American saga- a belief that we're all connected as one people. If there's a child on the south side of Chicago who can't read, that matters to me- even if it's not my child. If there's a senior citizen somewhere who can't pay for their prescription drugs and has to choose between medicine and the rent, that makes my life poorer- even if it's not my grandparent. If there's an Arab-American family being rounded up without benefit of an attorney or due process, that that threatens my civil liberties. It is that fundamental belief- I am my brother’s keeper, I am my sister’s keeper- that makes this country work.
Tanya Masse|Not worried about yesterday. No sense worrying about tomorrow. Today, I conquer. Join me. #Namaste #CarpeDiem #Push
Harriet Martineau|It is the nature of every person to error, but only the fool perseveres in error.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|A revolution does not have to eat its children. In fact, it is those who are in power who could very well initiate revolutions. Let us not be old-fashioned and think only of armed uprisings of minorities as revolutions. Any movement that seeks to overhaul established attitudes is a revolution.
Kim Ha Campbell, Inner Peace Outer Abundance|Beliefs are our foundation and our guiding compass, navigating us through life.
Lisa Kleypas, Mine Till Midnight|All right," she said. "Give me the books that are kind to me, and to hell with the men who don't give a damn about me.
Pope Paul VI|She has always said that talking makes everyone feel better. He says talking is the equivalent of grooming. The tongue and fingers are governed by the same parts of the brain. He marvels at how close they can be some nights on the phone and how words really are the equal of touch. Bakelite pressed hard against his ear.She says it's not just the freedom from him and from their daughter. I feel some sort of opening. I saw things so clearly today.He thinks about the solitary figure in every religion, the monks, saints and shamans in every tradition who walk out into wilderness on their own and find revelation.It's what solitude does to a social animal he says.People talk of recognizing something greater than themselves when they're alone because we finally have to realize how helpless we are as individuals. There's a freedom, a sense of wonder in feeling for a moment that we don't have to please anyone or adjust to the needs of others. And there's a fear in realizing how small we are, how much those distant others normally insulate us from seeing the limits of our mostly incompetent bodies. When we're on our own we seek solutions and speculate and fictionalize because that's what we do when we're confronted with survival. That's revelation.Maybe she says, I'm just saying I'd like to eat less meat. We could have fish.
Evelyn Smith, The Summer of Secrets|The difference being that people fear us. When people fear you, you have power.
Theodore Roosevelt|Her face was as red as her hair. “What are you doing,” she cried. Devon put a question mark next to the sentence. “Editing your paper.” What did it look like he was doing?“You’re just cutting out stuff!”“What do you think editing is?
Reba McEntire|Be thankful for what you have; you'll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you don't have, you will never, ever have enough.
Katherine Rundell, The Wolf Wilder|No harm in listening. Alexei's a child, not a wizard. We don't lose control of our brains by listening.
Anthony Liccione|He's mad at me.""For what?""For not being like him."Eleanor looked dubious. "Has he been mad at you for the last sixteen years?""Basically.
Joan D. Chittister, Wisdom Distilled from the Daily: Living the Rule of St. Benedict Today|Friendship is the call out of isolation and selfishness in order to teach me how to love and how to serve. But without stability, friendship - real soul-searing friendship, the kind that makes us choose between domination and infatuation and possessiveness and dependence for growth and freedom and depth and responsibility and self-knowledge - is impossible.Stability is what enables us, in other words, to live totally in God and totally for others.
J.D. Robb, Calculated in Death|She broke off a piece of bacon and offered it to the cat who sat staring holes through her.“For him, this is makeup sex. That’s all you get,” she said when Galahad inhaled the bacon then affectionately butted his head against her calf.“Just FYI, if you let another man rub up against you, and I sniff it out, you won’t be able to buy me off with bacon.” He handed her the syrup pitcher so she could drown her French toast.“So noted.
S.A. Tawks, Misadventurous|Honestly, if I stay on this gruelling path, I'm going to end up as another suicide statistic.
Dean Koontz, Relentless|Always, the eye sees more than the mind can comprehend, and we go through life self-blinded to much that lies before us. We want a simple world, but we live in a magnificently complex one, and rather than open ourselves to it, we perceive the world through filters that make it less daunting.
Sunday Adelaja|Don’t waste time on employment, discover yourself today
Marci Shimoff, Chicken Soup for the Single's Soul (Chicken Soup for the Soul|After years of searching, I have found my soulmate, and it is myself. The bachelor is content. Oh, he still dates women from time to time, and he listens to the wedding marches sometimes too. But only because he likes them.
Reid Scott|I feel fortunate. I've really gotten to work with amazing talented people, and to learn from them, which is why I'm doing this. If I can work with the best director I'm going to do it.
Kamand Kojouri|We start a relationship with someone not only because of how great they are but how great they make us feel. And because they have granted us this extraordinary gift—a chance to experience love, joy, compassion, and security —it is our exclusive privilege to make them feel wonderful about themselves, especially during days when they, themselves, don't feel so wonderful.
Ray Bradbury, A Graveyard for Lunatics: Another Tale of Two Cities|Eblis said, "No man who thinks ill, will hear the truth despite a hundred signs.When one who fantasises is presented with reason his fantasies increase.When one talks to such a person, their words become the very cause of that person's fantasy. The crusader's sword is a tool for a thief.So the response to him is silence and peace; to talk with an idiot is insa
ABC|If you have life you have money but if you have money you don't have life,for life is like every precious thing you need
Homer, The Iliad|Why so much grief for me? No man will hurl me down to Death, against my fate. And fate? No one alive has ever escaped it, neither brave man nor coward, I tell you - it’s born with us the day that we are born.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Here is a good message from the ocean: You will be an ocean too if you let every river, every rain, every flood and every stream flow to you freely!
Michel Foucault, The Order of Things: An Archaeology of the Human Sciences|This book first arose out of a passage in Borges, out of the laughter that shattered, as I read the passage, all the familiar landmarks of my thought—our thought that bears the stamp of our age and our geography—breaking up all the ordered surfaces and all the planes with which we are accustomed to tame the wild profusion of existing things, and continuing long afterwards to disturb and threaten with collapse our age-old distinction between the Same and the Other. This passage quotes a ‘certain Chinese encyclopaedia’ in which it is written that ‘animals are divided into: (a) belonging to the Emperor, (b) embalmed, (c) tame, (d) suckling pigs, (e) sirens, (f) fabulous, (g) stray dogs, (h) included in the present classification, (i) frenzied, (j) innumerable, (k) drawn with a very fine camelhair brush, (l) et cetera, (m) having just broken the water pitcher, (n) that from a long way off look like flies’. In the wonderment of this taxonomy, the thing we apprehend in one great leap, the thing that, by means of the fable, is demonstrated as the exotic charm of another system of thought, is the limitation of our own, the stark impossibility of thinking that.
Rock Cowles|Regulated" rights are not rights. They are niceties and platitudes intended to keep the populace thinking their individual autonomy is respected by their government.
Robert Baden-Powell|Less make-up is better, and it's always better to let your natural beauty shine. Essentially, be happy with your appearance.
Henry Miller, Black Spring|Up on the Brooklyn Bridge a man is standing in agony, waiting to jump, or waiting to write a poem, or waiting for the blood to leave his vessels because if he advances another foot the pain of his love will kill him.
Kevin Bacon|Show me an actor who doesn't want to be famous, and I'll show you a liar. Later, you realise that there's more to it than just the acquisition of fame, and money and girls. But that is what drives them and was what drove me, initially.
Nora Roberts, The Reef|I'm not asking you for a second chance. I know better than that. But you've got no right to ask me to settle for sex then expect me to give up the one thing that's kept me going. I gave you up, now I'm taking what's left.”“You didn't give me up,” she tossed back. “You never wanted me.”“I never wanted anything the way I wanted you. I loved you.” He dragged her painfully to her toes. “I've always loved you. I cut my own heart out when I sent you away.
Tom Xavier, Dark Curses and Faerie Dreams|Of course, that’s how life is. A turn of events may seem very small at the time it’s happening, but you never really know, do you? How can you?
Friedrich Nietzsche, Human, All Too Human|Just as in the second part of a verse bad poets seek a thought to fit their rhyme, so in the second half of their lives people tend to become more anxious about finding actions, positions, relationships that fit those of their earlier lives, so that everything harmonizes quite well on the surface: but their lives are no longer ruled by a strong thought, and instead, in its place, comes the intention of finding a rhyme.
Frank Bruni|Since we never get everything we want or need from our families, we look for sufficiency in surrogates.
Jon Stewart, Earth (The Book): A Visitor's Guide to the Human Race|It's funny. When we were alive we spent much of our time staring up at the cosmos and wondering what was out there. We were obsessed with the moon and whether we could one day visit it. The day we finally walked on it was celebrated worldwide as perhaps man's greatest achievement. But it was while we were there, gathering rocks from the moon's desolate landscape, that we looked up and caught a glimpse of just how incredible our own planet was. Its singular astonishing beauty. We called her Mother Earth. Because she gave birth to us, and then we sucked her dry.
Alexander Schmemann, For the Life of the World: Sacraments and Orthodoxy|God (mentally on my knees), if I can just get through this night, I'll come to church. On Christmas. Every fifteen years. For the next fifteen years. So once.
Drew  Hayes, The Utterly Uninteresting and Unadventurous Tales of Fred, the Vampire Accountant|You’re a good man who happens to be a vampire. We aren’t human, but that doesn’t make us monsters.
George M.   Gilbert, Team Of One: We Believe|•	“…it is easy to read that this game is more than just a game, it is a culmination of a group of coaches and boys on a mission to not just experience, but rather to achieve something that only they believe is truly possible.
Pauline Seaport|[For the genuine believer] There are moments in life when God's pursuit of us seems like that of a persistent mosquito, constantly buzzing around our heads and causing us pain, and we are utterly powerless to shake him off.
Whittaker Chambers, Witness|Morrigan "What are guilt ferrets:"Atticus "They're bastards. They cling to your neck and tickle and bite and generally make you miserable, which is a pretty good trick for a metaphor." They were also impervious to logic, perhaps their most diabolical power.
Jonathan Talat Phillips, The Electric Jesus: The Healing Journey of a Contemporary Gnostic|The most 'authoritative' accounts of a historical Jesus come from the four canonical Gospels of the Bible. Note that these Gospels did not come into the Bible as original and authoritative from the authors themselves, but rather from the influence of early church fathers, especially the most influential of them all: Irenaeus of Lyon who lived in the middle of the second century. Many heretical gospels existed by that time, but Irenaeus considered only some of them for mystical reasons. He claimed only four in number; according to Romer, 'like the four zones of the world, the four winds, the four divisions of man's estate, and the four forms of the first living creatures-- the lion of Mark, the calf of Luke, the man of Matthew, the eagle of John.
Tarah Benner, The Defectors|Years ago you followed someonehere, in love with breathkissing the nape of your neck,back when it was easy to beat least two places at once.
Diana Wynne Jones, Archer's Goon|This book will prove the following ten facts:1. A Goon is a being who melts into the foreground and sticks there.2. Pigs have wings, making them hard to catch.3. All power corrupts, but we need electricity.4. When an irresistible force meets an immovable object, the result is a family fight.5. Music does not always sooth the troubled beast.6. An Englishman's home is his castle.7. The female of the species is more deadly than the male.8. One black eye deserves another.9. Space is the final frontier, and so is the sewage farm.10. It pays to increase your word power.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Pamper no temptations! Once you are the driver on the steer of your life, choose to knock down every obstacle and challenge on your way to fulfillment.
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|The ones who did it can always rationalize their actions and even forget what they did. They can turn away from things they don't want to see. But the surviving victims can never forget. They can’t turn away. Their memories are passed on from parent to child. That’s what the world is, after all: an endless battle of contrasting memories.
Jalaluddin Rumi|A craftsman pulled a reed from the reedbed,cut holes in it, and called it a human being.Since then, it's been wailing a tender agonyof parting, never mentioning the skillthat gave it life as a flute
Abdulrazak Gurnah, By the Sea|The men were smashing windows and aiming their weapons through them. The driver had opened the door and was shouting for the women and children to get out and run and hide. But Ilina realized in some vague way that he never managed to actually say the word "hide." He really said, "Women and children, get out, get out, get out! Run and..." The clerk's wife thought it was odd that he had stopped in the middle of a sentence, and even stranger that she herself knew the word, heard the word "hide" in her head when the driver stopped talking.
John Hughes|I'm a big hit at parties. Friends ask me to sing B-I-N-G-O all the time. I'm thinking, you know, of maybe putting out a Christmas album or something.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Green Gables|I don’t want to talk as much,’ she said, denting her chin thoughtfully with her forefinger. ‘It’s nicer to think dear, pretty thoughts and keep them in one’s heart, like treasures.
Tiger Woods|No matter how good you get you can always get better, and that's the exciting part.
Richard Dawkins, The Selfish Gene|I fully agree with all that you say on the advantages of H. Spencer's excellent expression of 'the survival of the fittest.' This, however, had not occurred to me till reading your letter. It is, however, a great objection to this term that it cannot be used as a substantive governing a verb; and that this is a real objection I infer from H. Spencer continually using the words, natural selection.(Letter to A. R. Wallace July 1866)
Katherine Mansfield, The Garden Party and Other Stories|Isn't life,' she stammered, 'isn't life--' But what life was she couldn't explain. No matter. He quite understood.'Isn't it, darling?' said Laurie.
R.S Grey|Who brings out the champion in you?Those that help you be the hero of your story, keep them close.
Ann-Marie MacDonald, The Way the Crow Flies|Memories leave a light in the eyes, just as plain as scars.
Carrie Brownstein|I could turn up the volume on their songs and that loudness matched all my panic and fear, anger and emotions that seemed up until that point to be uncontrollable, even amorphous.
Mark F. LaMoure|It only takes one person to change your life for the better: YOU. Develop yourself to be excellent for success, by working hard and smart. Make self-improvement for success your first objective.
Lao Tzu|He who acts, spoils; he who grasps, lets slip.
Mark Burnett|Until democracy in effective enthusiastic action fills the vacuum created by the power of modern inventions, we may expect the fascists to increase in power after the war both in the United States and in the world.
Louise Erdrich, Shadow Tag|Wherever the family was, these two dogs, both six-year-old shepherd mixes, took up their posts at the central coming-and-going point. Gil called them concierge dogs. And it's true, they were inquisitive and accommodating. But they were not fawning or overly playful. They were watchful and thoughtful. Irene thought they had gravitas. Weighty demeanors. She thought of them as diplomats. She had noticed that when Gil was about to lose his temper one of the dogs always appeared and did something to divert his attention. Sometimes they acted like fools, but it was brilliant acting. Once, when he was furious about a bill for the late fees for a lost video, one of the dogs had walked right up to Gil and lifted his leg over his shoe. Gil was shouting at Florian when the piss splattered down, and she'd felt a sudden jolt of pride in the dog.
David Hieatt, Do Purpose: Why Brands with a Purpose Do Better and Matter More|Great ideas often have no reference points.We have nothing to compare them to. They are original, and awkward. And so they are the most vulnerable to people trying to kill them. They do not conform to what exists, so they challenge us.
L.P. Donnelli, Back on Track|Mike stood in-line, waiting for the mealtime muck that passed for lunch at his school canteen. He knew he was getting close to the front now, as he tightly held his tray. Not just because he could see this as you might expect, but because he could smell Margery the school cook’s body odour. The children at the front were already holding their breath. You could see a line of pink faces close to him, to red, then purple closest to Margery. Only when they left at the end did they breathe for air and turn back to their normal colour again, like a deep sea diver after a long plunge. “Margery the Meal Murderer” was her name for most school kids.
Stephen Graham Jones, Ledfeather|He stood over her for as long as he could endure the cold, long enough for the boy tending the dead to pass twice on fingertips and toes. The boy's self-appointed mission was to keep all of their eyes closed, the dead. Otherwise he couldn't sleep, the boy. But he never did anyway, as far as the Agent could tell. Any hour, there he'd be, scuttling from body to body under his calf robe. Many nights when the Agent locked his door, it wasn't to keep the Piegan from stealing his tins and blankets, but to keep the boy's hands from covering his own eyes.
Debasish Mridha|Like the sun, a teacher enlightens a mind with his love, warmth, and light.
Mary Everest Boole|This may seem labouring the obvious, but in Japan one meets intelligent people who claim that ‘logic’ is something invented in the West to allow Westerners to win discussions. Indeed, the belief is widespread that the Japanese can as happily do without logic now as they supposedly have for centuries past.
Douglas Coupland, Highly Inappropriate Tales for Young People|The ingenious method of expressing every possible number using a set of ten symbols (each symbol having a place value and an absolute value) emerged in India. The idea seems so simple nowadays that its significance and profound importance is no longer appreciated ... The importance of this invention is more readily appreciated when one considers that it was beyod the two greatest men of antiquity, Archimedes and Apollonius.
Madeline Miller|The summer night was settling upon the neighborhood like a dark lace veil, casting dappled shadows on the roofs and sidewalks and lawns.
Anne Spollen, The Shape of Water|A full moon sprinkled the black ocean with diamonds, and she could imagine fairies dancing in the silver foam that laced the huge, dark waves.
P.D. James|What do you mean by sound government?'Good public order, no corruption in high places, freedom from fear and war and crime, a reasonably equitable distribution of wealth and resources, concern for the individual life.'Then we haven't got sound government.
Fred and George Weasley|Okay," said Harry, staring at it, "Pear Drop. Er – Licorice Wand. Fizzing Whizbee. Drooble's Best Blowing Gum. Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans… oh no, he doesn't like them, does he?… oh just open, can't you?" He said angrily. "I really need to see him, it's urgent!" The gargoyle remained immovable. Harry kicked it, achieving nothing but an excruciating pain in his big toe. "Chocolate frog!" he yelled angrily, standing on one leg. "Sugar Quill! Cockroach Cluster! The gargoyle sprang to life and jumped aside. Harry blinked.
Thich Nhat Hanh, Being Peace|The leaves that remain are only a very small part of the tea. The tea that goes into me is a much bigger part of the tea. It is the richest part.We are the same; our essence has gone into our children, our friends, and the entire universe. We have to find ourselves in those directions and not in the spent tea leaves.
Shigeru Miyamoto|It's time for me to do things I like so I will be happy, my wife will be happy, my friends will be happy. I just want to do something I'm proud of. It's time for me to change. I could sign with a company for 10 movies and I'm the king of video and so what?
Sarah Rees Brennan, Team Human|Doing some late-night home improvements, my man? (...) For what it's worth, I never had any use for that froufrou French shit, either." - Tegan
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|You are not your emotions and they are not who you are, only how you feel at the moment.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|All compliments are not created equal. Some may change the trajectory of a person’s life, while others fall on deaf ears. Is it well deserved or earned? People will remember you fondly when you have affirmed them in a positive way. Paying compliments creates good will, happy moments, and makes you more likable in return.
Rodney Cocks|Over the years I've really believed when you think you're in danger, you are probably not and when you have no idea, you probably are.
Al Pacino, Al Pacino|I don’t understand the hatred and fear of gays and bisexuals and lesbians…it’s a concept I honestly cannot grasp. To me, it’s not who you love…a man, a woman, what have you…it’s the fact that you love. That is all that truly matters.
Lauren F. Winner, Mudhouse Sabbath|But I am beginning to understand about the dignity and the art of wigs and the makeup. This small, everyday attentiveness of eyebrow pencils is perhaps a picture of the very sort of bodily care our embodied God would have us cultivate, weather in illness or wellness, whether our bodies are in the throes of ecstasy or the throes of pain.
Victoria E. Bynum|I DREAM OF A CHARCOAL CHALKY AFRICAI am as black as charcoalBut that is only my skin colorI don’t need to see hacked white bodiesTo know that we are the same on the insideI feel the same anguish and disgust for the innocentMurdered black South Africans during apartheidMurdered white South Africans post-apartheidWe might not be there to fight apartheid era atrocities But we are here now and must prevent post-apartheid atrocities Murdering innocent whites will not bring back murdered blacksI challenge you to search online nowGoogle ‘South African farm murders’And see if you can look at the gruesome picturesOf innocent children, women and menDo we need more people to be horribly hacked to death?Before we stop the divisive rhetoric of the extreme left?We made a mistake letting apartheid drag on so longBut must we repeat that mistake with post-apartheid massacres?Some of these murdered whites fought against apartheidThese murdered children didn’t even know about apartheidDon’t take away your eyes now!No, don’t you dare take your eyes off those pictures!The real apartheid criminals are rich and well protectedKilling these innocent people is not justiceIt is inhuman; it is cowardice Don’t look away and don’t hold back the tearsIt is not only a cry for white victimsIt is not only a cry for black victimsIt is a cry for a better South AfricaA cry for a richer, charcoal, chalky Africa
Dale Dauten|I've criticized President Bush for his failure to use his veto pen. There's plenty of blame to go around. The question is how to solve problems. It's not bailouts. What made America great? Free markets, free enterprise, manufacturing, job creation. That's how we're gonna do it, not by enlarging government.
Milan Kundera, Immortality|Living, there is no happiness in that. Living: carrying one’s painful self through the world.But being, being is happiness. Being: Becoming a fountain, a fountain on which the universe falls like warm rain.
Anthony Bourdain|I read that John Hughes script for 'Mr. Mom,' and I thought, 'This guy is a funny writer.' I went: 'You ought to stick around and direct this thing.' But he didn't; he left, and look what he became. A really legendary comedy director.
Meghan Ciana Doidge, I See Me|As far as I’d seen, most adults tried to pretend they didn’t have parents. Except my shrink, who’d tried to invite me for Christmas dinner last year. As if I wanted to be trapped next to a huge turkey carcass with twenty people I didn’t know. Twenty strangers who all knew exactly who I was.
Barry McCaffrey|Peace for us means the destruction of Israel. We are preparing for an all-out war, a war which will last for generations.
Andrew Young|Nothing is illegal if one hundred businessmen decide to do it. -Andrew Young, author, civil rights activist, US congressman, mayor, and UN ambassador (b. 1932)
Ellen Key|Where is the justice of political power if it executes the murderer and jails the plunderer, and then itself marches upon neighboring lands, killing thousands and pillaging the very hills?
Sunday Adelaja|A large salary does not make a person rich, it is a diligent hand that does.
Molly Harper, Nice Girls Don't Have Fangs|Wait, Richard Cheney, as in Dick Cheney? You're a vampire named Dick Cheney? Somehow, that makes you seem more evil.
Tom Hayes|When you honor your most authentic self-—your Spirit—you are allowing your Light to shine and touch the world. Living authentically, in its simplest terms, is living your Truth, the truth in your heart and soul. It's allowing yourself to be guided by Divine Truth and Wisdom, each and every day, and doing your Highest, most authentic work in the world. It's joyfully creating and living your Highest purpose!
Henry Taube|To pursue science is not to disparage the things of the spirit. In fact, to pursue science rightly is to furnish the framework on which the spirit may rise.
Ann Brashares, The Last Summer|That's how it is with want. As long as you lack something you yearn for it without cease. if only I could have that one thing, you tell yourself, all my problems would be solved. But once you get it, once the object of your desires is thrust into your hands, it begins to lose its charm. Other wants assert themselves, other desires make themselves felt, and bit by bit you discover that you're right back where you started.
Madelyn Alt, A Charmed Death|Lady of the silver moonEnchantress of the nightProtect me and mine within this circle fairly cast.Earth Mother, mother of the sleeping earth,Keep safe all who gather hereWithin the protective shelter of your arms.By the earth that is Her body,By the air that is Her breath,By the fire that is Her bright spirit,And by the living waters of Her womb,Our circle is cast,None shall come to harm here,From any forces,On any level.As we will,So shall it be done.As we will,So mote it be.
Jeanne Birdsall|Wind warns November’s done with. The blown leaves make bat-shapes, Web-winged and furious.
Adam West|Working for President Nixon was the most extraordinary professional experience of my life. He was endlessly fascinating: brilliant, visionary, kind, generous, warm, funny - and yes, a good man.
Cheryl Barker, Mother of the Bride: Refreshment and Wisdom for the Mother of the Bride|The first time you see your grown-up little miss looking back at you from a sea of white chiffon or beaded satin glory, indeed your heart will skip a beat. You’ll find yourself blinking back tears. That elusive someday has suddenly become now. Your little girl—your jewel—is going to be a bride.
Compton Gage|It were better that we were not at all, than that we should live still in wickedness, and to suffer, and not to know wherefore.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|A truly compassionate man gives a poor woman a portion of his meal before he eats, not after he has eaten.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|When we lay the soil of our hard lives open to the rain of grace and let joy penetrate our cracked and dry places, let joy soak into our broken skin and deep crevices, life grows. How can this not be the best thing for the world? For us?
Jedidiah Jenkins|For impact, tell your true story -challenges, victory, all. Build hope by helping others find themselves by your story.
Lev Grossman|The idea of some kind of objectively constant, universal literary value is seductive. It feels real. It feels like a stone cold fact that In Search of Lost Time, by Marcel Proust, is better than A Shore Thing, by Snooki. And it may be; Snooki definitely has more one-star reviews on Amazon. But if literary value is real, no one seems to be able to locate it or define it very well. We’re increasingly adrift in a grey void of aesthetic relativism.
P.A. Speers, Type 1 Sociopath - When Difficult People Are More Than Just Difficult People|The soul mate we marry can become an "ex," but the soul mates we have in our children will be ours forever, until the end of our life.
Michael Haneke|In this business, until you're known as a monster, you're not a star
Henry Johnson Jr|Perfect...as it was, it had to be, andlittle dreams were spinning madlyas a flock of birds in mid-flight, thesingle vision of a single moment, a singlemoment, frozen in time no more. No moredid he need, to understand thatit was better than any he couldtake, and call his own, it was Perfect...
Marianne Williamson, A Woman's Worth|When a woman rises up in glory, her energy is magnetic and her sense of possibility contagious.
Peter Conrad, Deviance and Medicalization: From Badness to Sickness|Public "facts" are not like pebbles on the beach, lying in the sun and waiting to be seen. They must instead be picked, polished, shaped and packaged. Finally ready for display they the bear the marks of their shapers.
Bo Sanchez|When your identity is found in Christ, your identity never changes. You are always a child of God.
Zora Neale Hurston, Their Eyes Were Watching God|Please God, please suh, don't let him love nobody else but me. Maybe Ah'm is uh fool, Lawd, lak dey say, but Lawd, Ah been so lonesome, and Ah been waitin', Jesus. Ah done waited uh long time.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Why do people go to church on Sundays? A question that is very complicated because I know what the answer is supposed to be but I do not really know the answer.. I think people go because it is a kind of tradition. I think some goes because someone told them if tgey do not they might go to hell. Maybe some go to look for a wife or husband ☺. Maybe some go to church to display their latest designer shoes or handbags. Some goes just to please their Pastor. Some people go to church because they love the music or the preaching. Some goes because of some social reasons and friendship. Some have it in their mind that they will experience the presence of God in the church. Some goes to church because of miracle. Some goes to church when they are expecting something maybe child, comfort, marriage, work etc.. Some felt it is an obligation to give God a day out of the seven days he createdLet me tell you that church is not there to entertain you, Ephesians 3:20... there are things going on in the church that some people barely know about.Ask yourself today why do I go to church. I am sure a sincere answer will help you.
Jeffrey Kluger|Mankind is like dogs, not gods - as long as you don't get mad they'll bite you - but stay mad and you'll never be bitten. Dogs don't respect humility and sorrow.
Shonda Rhimes, Year of Yes: How to Dance It Out, Stand In the Sun and Be Your Own Person|There is no list of rules. There is one rule. The rule is: there are no rules. Happiness comes from living as you need to, as you want to. As your inner voice tells you to. Happiness comes from being who you actually are instead of who you think you are supposed to be. Being traditional is not traditional anymore. It’s funny that we still think of it that way. Normalize your lives, people. You don’t want a baby? Don’t have one. I don’t want to get married? I won’t. You want to live alone? Enjoy it. You want to love someone? Love someone. Don’t apologize. Don’t explain. Don’t ever feel less than. When you feel the need to apologize or explain who you are, it means the voice in your head is telling you the wrong story. Wipe the slate clean. And rewrite it. No fairy tales. Be your own narrator. And go for a happy ending. One foot in front of the other. You will make it.
Colleen Houck, Tiger's Curse|Thrilled with the knowledge that she loved me, it took me a moment to realize that she was angry. I found her tantrum irresistible." #Ren
Susan C. Young|When you hit hard tough stuff, do you feel flattened because of it or rebound in a new direction to keep living, loving, moving, and growing? Improving your bounce-ability factor will help you rock your resilience to handle setbacks, adversity, and challenges with confidence.
Daniel Keyes, Flowers for Algernon|I am afraid. Not of life, or death, or nothingness, but of wasting it as if I had never been.
Hasimir Fenrig, Opposites Attract|But in that moment when my brother took the field, all that washed away, and everyone was proud... I looked up at my dad, and he was smiling. I looked at my mom, and she was smiling even though she was nervous about my brother getting hurt, which was strange because it was a VCR tape of an old game, and she knew he didn't get hurt.
Shannon L. Alder|It is not your beauty, success or money that should define you; neither should your church calling, your charitable contributions or talents. Humility is the cornerstone of character, by which God judges our truth worth, and wisdom is the door he opens when we use it.
Charles Babbage|I have a tremendous passion for fitness, I love challenges and I am a very driven guy.
Trevion Burns, Quiver|Do me a favor, Dallas. Tell me what games we're playing today so I can be sure to play along too.
|No matter how cold this world gets, please don't lose touch of morality and allow it to turn your heart cold.
C. JoyBell C.|There is something simply beautiful and simply innocent, in being human. It is just so innocent and beautiful. I love it.
Charles R. Swindoll|Peter must have thought, "Who am I compared to Mr. Faithfulness (John)?" But Jesus clarified the issue. John was responsible for John. Peter was responsible for Peter. And each had only one command to heed: "Follow Me." (John 21:20-22)
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|It was harder for the ones who were waiting, Annemarie knew. Less danger, perhaps, but more fear.
Ronald Reagan|God writes the Gospel not in the Bible alone, but also on trees, and in the flowers and clouds and stars.
Nicolas Cage|I'm a huge Muppets fan. Gigantic. I think they're genius. I think they're some of the best work out there and completely underrated, just because of how genius they are. I love that kind of humor. It's so innocent but brilliant.
Bethany Hamilton|Not life, but good life, is to be chiefly valued.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In marriage, the man and woman must complement each other.
Quetzal|Even when you find yourself alone and in a 'place' where you feel it has no roads, continue to walk and explore; because in the midst of the unknown lay treasures unreachable to those who chose to stay in their comfort Zone.
Gene Luen Yang|Science is not everything, but science is very beautiful.
Deyth Banger|All love is blind to reason, and maybe that's why some people are so strong.
Green Day|L'esercizio rende perfetti, ma nessuno è perfetto, quindi perché esercitarsi?
Cesar Nikko Caharian III|The scar on my chest, the beating of my heart, and the mountains that fostered my appreciation for the cold, hard, natural world—these were the few things that mattered.
RVM|When I compare my Life with others who are less fortunate, I feel so blessed and grateful that I immediately stop complaining and start Living with Joy and Gratitude.
Stephen King, It|(...) if that's waht has to be. No good friends. No bad friends. Only people you want, need to be with; people who build their houses in your heart.
Andrew Sean Greer, The Story of a Marriage|How remarkable we are in our ability to hide things from ourselves - our conscious minds only a small portion of our actual minds, jellyfish floating on a vast dark sea of knowing and deciding.
Søren Kierkegaard, The Sickness Unto Death: A Christian Psychological Exposition for Upbuilding and Awakening|Not an exact quote, more like an opinion, a thought. Dementors suck out happiness from people. The make people remember their worst moments in life. The way to defeat them / repel them is to cast a patronus charm, [incantation: expecto patronum. If my latin serves me right it means "I expect / I command my patron].The difficulty lies in casting the charm while those foul creatures make you feel terrible and the charm only works if you can conjure up a most happy memory.I suggest a new / additional interpretation of JK Rowling's idea:Demen - tors are your inner demons that make you feel terrible, things you did in your life, terrible losses you experienced (Harry hears his mother's screams) and negative emotions.Those inner demons TORment you and your soul. You can only escape those horrible impressions with an overwhelming positive force of imagination. Happy moments in your life, thoughts about friends, family, love and connection versus the horrible loneliness that your inner demons create.
Richelle E. Goodrich|Art is a captured emotion. When I say this I mean all artists, whether you are a photographer, a writer, or sculptor, you are trying to capture the way someone or something made you feel. As a story teller I am trying to captivate the audience and allow them to feel just a small portion of the emotion I am desperately trying to preserve.
Idowu Koyenikan, Wealth for All: Living a Life of Success at the Edge of Your Ability|The type of person you are is usually reflected in your business. To improve your business, first improve yourself.
Tupac Shakur|By all means, marry. If you get a good wife, you'll become happy; if you get a bad one, you'll become a philosopher.
Kouhei Kadono, Boogiepop at Dawn|Humans do not possess a single, focused will. In their hearts, they have countless bugs, buzzing in all directions. There are times when all these bugs pounce on the same food, but when they are focused on different desires, people take actions that can only be described as incoherent.
Graham Speechley|You can provide the conditions for the motivation of others and the leadership to help them find a way but they must have the intrinsic spark, the desire, to move, to overcome the inertia of the status quo and change things.
Kathleen McGowan, The Poet Prince|That the stars guide us, but do not compel us. It is our free will that determines the outcome of all things. God does impose his will on us, rather he makes it known and allows us to choose if we will follow it.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, An Intimate Collision: Encounters with Life and Jesus|If I were to be brutally honest with myself, how often is my journey actually a path designed to circumvent my journey?
Christina Engela, Space Sucks!|An idea was forming in his mind. It was only rudimentary, but in the circumstances, it could be called a plan. He loathed the alien for attacking them, without any provocation. He hated the way it was smashing up his ship – and all of them – with hardly any effort or regard for life at all. “How’s that message coming?”“Umm – they must be jamming us, sir – I can’t get through.
Brandon Sanderson, Words of Radiance|That's the big mistake a lot of people make when they wonder how soldiers can put their lives on the line day after day or how they can fight for something they may not believe in. Not everyone does. I've worked with soldiers on all sides of the political spectrum; I've met some who hated the army and others who wanted to make it a career. I've met geniuses and idiots, but when all is said and done,we do what we do for one another. For friendship. Not for country, not for patriotism, not because we're programmed killing machines, but because of the guy next to you. You fight for your friend, to keep him alive, and he fights for you, and everything about the army is built on this simple premise. 
Francis Bacon, The Essays|Read not to contradict and confute; nor to believe and take for granted; nor to find talk and discourse; but to weigh and consider. Some books are to be tasted, others to be swallowed, and some few to be chewed and digested: that is, some books are to be read only in parts, others to be read, but not curiously, and some few to be read wholly, and with diligence and attention.
Robin McKinley, Spindle's End|When they finished laughing they were on their way to being not just friends, but the dearest of friends, the sort of friends whose lives are shaped by the friendship.
Michael Billig, Banal Nationalism|I don't get it. Basketball is so supremely boring. I can't understand the point of watching ten giants running from one end of the field--court--to the other throwing an orange ball through a hoop in the air. I guess it's better than golf, but so is watching paint dry.
Geoffrey Rush|I've got high standards when it comes to boys. As my dad says, all girls should! I'm from the South - Tennessee, to be exact - and down there, we're all about southern hospitality. I know that if I like a guy, he better be nice, and above all, my dad has to approve of him!
Alan Moore, V for Vendetta|You were already in a prison. You've been in a prison all your life. Happiness is a prison, Evey. Happiness is the most insidious prison of all. Your lover lived in the penitentiary that we are all born into, and was forced to rake the dregs of that world for his living. He knew affection and tenderness but only briefly. Eventually, one of the other inmates stabbed him with a cutlass and he drowned upon his own blood. Is that it, Evey? Is that the happiness worth more than freedom? It's not an uncommon story, Evey. Many convicts meet with miserable ends. Your mother. Your father. Your lover. One by one, taken out behind the chemical sheds... and shot. All convicts, hunched and deformed by the smallness of their cells, the weight of their chains, the unfairness of their sentences. I didn't put you in a prison, Evey. I just showed you the bars.''You're wrong! It's just life, that's all! It's just how life is. It's what we've got to put up with. It's all we've got. What gives you the right to decide it's not good enough?''You're in a prison, Evey. You were born in a prison. You've been in a prison so long, you no longer believe there's a world outside. That's because you're afraid, Evey. You're afraid because you can feel freedom closing in upon you. You're afraid because freedom is terrifying. Don't back away from it, Evey. Part of you understands the truth even as part pretends not to. You were in a cell, Evey. They offered you a choice between the death of your principles and the death of your body. You said you'd rather die. You faced the fear of your own death and you were calm and still. The door of the cage is open, Evey. All that you feel is the wind from outside.
Tez Brooks, The Single Dad Detour: Directions for Fathering After Divorce|Her son seemed to be belatedly rebelling against all his celebrated accomplishments- as well as the responsibilities inherent in them, the obligations to own his talents.In that rebellion, she saw a young man who was confused and upset that his life wasn't stacking up to be what he and everyone around him had always assumed it would.
Annie Dillard, Teaching a Stone to Talk: Expeditions and Encounters|SilenceTHERE is a silence where hath been no sound,	 There is a silence where no sound may be,	 In the cold grave—under the deep, deep sea,	 Or in wide desert where no life is found,	 Which hath been mute, and still must sleep profound;	 No voice is hush'd—no life treads silently,	 But clouds and cloudy shadows wander free,	 That never spoke, over the idle ground:	 But in green ruins, in the desolate walls	 Of antique palaces, where Man hath been,	 Though the dun fox or wild hyæna calls,	 And owls, that flit continually between,	 Shriek to the echo, and the low winds moan—	 There the true Silence is, self-conscious and alone.
Jason Versey|When you maintain bitterness and contempt towards someone, you’re actually binding yourself to them. You’ve given them a foothold in your life with an emotional connection that is stronger than any prison cell. It’s a jail sentence of solitary anger and animosity. Forgiveness is the ONLY thing that breaks that emotional bond. It’s the key that sets you free. ~Jason Versey
Enda Kenny|Any time you end a relationship, and everyone has ended plenty in their life, it's always a tough thing and hard to get over.
Eric Chaisson, Epic of Evolution: Seven Ages of the Cosmos|Science is agnostic when it comes to God - not atheistic, as some people prefer to read that laden word wrongly - just agnostic.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Lectures to My Students|The author says the pastor who does not pray is a "mere official" who gets into his office by the necessity of the bread it provides.
Sarah Dessen, Along for the Ride|It all counts,' Adam said again. 'And the bottom line is, what defines you isn't how many times you crash, but the number of times you get back on the bike. As long as it's one more, you're all good.-pg 325 Along for the Ride
Mitchel Resnick|Computers let people avoid people, going out to explore. It's so different to just open a website instead of looking at a Picasso in a museum in Paris.
Alice Braga|Did Superman really want to save the world, or did he just feel like he had to? Would he much rather be a farmer? Maybe. Would he much rather be hanging out with his dad and his mom and his dog? Probably.
Charles Yost|We are not permitted to linger, even with what is most intimate. From images that are full, the spirit plunges on to others that suddenly must be filled; there are no lakes till eternity. Here, falling is best. To fall from the mastered emotion into the guessed-at, and onward.
Matt Rudd, William Walker's First Year of Marriage: A Horror Story|Zawinski: Sometimes. I end up doing all the sysadmin crap, which I can't stand-I've never liked it. I enjoy working on XScreenSaver because in some ways screen savers-the actual display modes rather than the XScreenSaver framework-are the perfect program because they almost always start from scratch and they do something pretty and there's never a version 2.0. There's very rarely a bug in a screen saver. It crashes-oh, there's a divide-by-zero and you fix that.
Jean Rhys, Good Morning, Midnight|I cherished her individuality, that spark of independence no child should lose to life's restrictions and parameters.
Henry Norris Russell|Hundreds of thousands of American servicemen and women are deployed across the world in the war on terror. By bringing hope to the oppressed, and delivering justice to the violent, they are making America more secure.
Marcia Sirota|Anyone who shames survivors of trauma and abuse for not healing, is a person who has no compassion for life's suffering
Lailah Gifty Akita|Life is sacred gift. There is nothing to lose, only joy.
Guillermo del Toro|These are just stories, you know. They are part of what we are, but they are not the real thing. All this year I’ve been thinking, What would White Raven do? And today, every time I thought it, I just didn’t care what White Raven would do. So today I’ve just done what I would do. I’ve just done what I think is right. I’m not going to stop making up stories. But I’m thinking now that they aren’t just for pretending to be someone else, someone more exciting, someone braver than you really are. They are not always jut a maze to get lost in so you can run away from life. They can just as well be maps to help you navigate.
Meg Cabot, Princess in Love|Metaphor is awkward, but emotion, by its nature, leaves you no more scalable approach.
Rob Sheffield, Love Is a Mix Tape|One of Renee's friends asked her, "Does your boyfriend wear glasses?" She said, "No, he wears a Walkman.
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|Be mindful of the thoughts and emotions you put out, they will only project back to you like a boomerang, no doubt!”Grampa Foster, See the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure
Sydney Pollack|If I want to make people moved or cry in a film, I figure out what the room looks like, what the people are wearing, what time of day it is, what the light is, how to photograph it, where to put the camera. It involves optics and costume design and set design and architecture.
Akiroq Brost|You can, and you will. If you're going to carry any belief, carry one that empowers you. Believe in your unlimited potential.
Elizabeth George|It takes a lot of grace and maturity to simply forgive, but a lot of healing takes place when you do.
Ori Hofmekler, The Warrior Diet|A robust regional food system that benefits eaters and farmers cannot be achieved in a marketplace that is controlled, top to bottom, by a few firms and that rewards only scale, not innovation, quality, or sustainability.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|You are the illusion, be anything you want to be!
Morris Raphael Cohen|Although I'm Australian, I find myself much more in sympathy with the Austrian version!
Robert Smith|The company of fools may first make us smile, but in the end we always feel melancholy.
Suze Orman|A wise woman knows how to summon her courage and do what is right, rather than what is easy.
Zephyr McIntyre|If politics left out the manipulation of money, I would perhaps view it more than a partisan traffic jam that never ends.
Jennifer Garner|Today I see beauty everywhere I go, in every face I see, in every single soul.
Charles Bukowski|I began to think vodka was my drink at last. It didn’t taste like anything, but it went straight down into my stomach like a sword swallowers’ sword and made me feel powerful and godlike.
Sarah Parish|The significance of the cherry blossom tree in Japanese culture goes back hundreds of years. In their country, the cherry blossom represents the fragility and the beauty of life. It's a reminder that life is almost overwhelmingly beautiful but that it is also tragically short.
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|When you want something and you don’t have it, it may be a cause of stress to you. However, if we reflect on how we came to have things that were not there originally, we can be excited, delighted, and grateful that we want something even before we have it. Seen from this perspective, wanting something—or more specifically, being able to want something while it is not there yet—is already a gift in itself. !is is why we offer gratitude.
Lailah Gifty Akita|When you wake up every morning, let thanksgiving be your first thought.
Ravi Zacharias, Jesus Among Other Gods: The Absolute Claims of the Christian Message|We are living in a time when sensitivities are at the surface, often vented with cutting words. Philosophically, you can believe anything so as you do not claim it a better way. Religiously, you can hold to anything, so long as you do not bring Jesus Christ into it. If a spiritual idea is eastern, it is granted critical immunity; if western, it is thoroughly criticized. Thus, a journalist can walk into a church and mock its carryings on, but he or she dare not do the same if the ceremony is from eastern fold. Such is the mood at the end of the twentieth century. A mood can be a dangerous state of mind, because it can crush reason under the weight of feeling. But that is precisely what I believe postmodernism best represents - a mood.
Fennel Hudson, A Writer's Year - Fennel's Journal - No. 3|I wasn’t born to fetch, or sit, or accept a beating. I’m here to be me, to write, and know my purpose.
A.Y.C.C|How can our words ever truly be our own? Since we started growing all we've been taught is to care how we represent our persona and how we should communicate appropriately and how we portrait ourselves as acceptable human beings. what we've been taught, thats everything. We didn't shape our own minds, so how can our words really be our own?
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Dear Ijeawele, or a Feminist Manifesto in Fifteen Suggestions|That a woman claims not to be feminist does not diminish the necessity of feminism. If anything, it makes us see the extent of the problem, the successful reach of patriarchy.
raja shakeel mushtaque|Many of us live the lives to follow others dreams, we rarely create and follow our own imaginations and dreams.
David Eddings, Crystal Gorge|People who grew up in major cities may wonder why the hell I would act like it's a big deal to be unaccompanied in New York City at that age. It's populated with both adults and children, it's a functioning metropolis, Kevin McCallister was only ten in Home Alone 2: Lost in New York, and that kid saved Christmas. Conversely, people from suburban areas act like my parents sent me wandering around the site of the Baby Jessica well, blindfolded and holding a flaming baton. So pick a side and prepare to judge me wither way!
Jean-Michel Jarre|I was only 16 when I was selected for 'Madrasapattinam.' I celebrated my 17th birthday on the set of the film. That was the first time I had travelled to India, and it was a rollercoaster ride. I soon fell in love with the country.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Secrets of a Noble Key Keeper|My fingers combed through my dark hair, short and straight, landing in choppy, uneven ends nearly level with my chin. The color reminded me of every evil character in any fairytale. It seemed all were characteristically black; black hair, black eyes, black clothing, black demeanors, and black intent. I never thought I was truly a villainous character, not like I knew my father to be, but I was his offspring and devoid of any princess-like characteristics, so that left only the wicked side of the story to play. In my dreams, though, I imagined myself more like Snow White―wavy, raven hair, a perfectly fair complexion, bathed in rose scents, and exhibiting a natural feminine grace that would dance musical circles around both Ginger and Elizabeth. No, I never hoped for such a thing to be real, but I dared to pretend it with perfect clarity in my dreams.
Jay Woodman|If you want to change something, whether in a relationship, work, or anywhere, identify and focus on the few most important bits, and don't throw in extras to mess it up.
Wole Soyinka|Many injuries and deaths can be prevented through an understanding of the dangers of power lines, electrical appliances, extension cords, and lightning.
Thich Nhat Hanh|Absence diminishes mediocre passions and increases great ones, as the wind extinguishes candles and fans fires.
Holly Black, Doll Bones|Adventuring turned out to be boring. Zach thought back to all the fantasy books he'd read where a team of questers traveled overland, and realized a few things. First he'd pictured himself with a loyal steed that would have done most of the walking, so he hadn't anticipated the blister forming on his left heel or the tiny pebble that seemed to have worked its way under his sock, so that even when he stripped off his sneaker he couldn't find it.He hadn't thought about how hot the sun would be either. When he put together his bunch of provisions, he never thought about bringing sunblock. Aragorn never wore sunblock. Taran never wore sunblock. Percy never wore sunblock. But despite all that precedent for going without, he was pretty sure his nose would be lobster-red the next time he looked in the mirror.He was thirsty, too, something that happened a lot in books, but his dry throat bothered him more than it had ever seemed to bother any character.And, unlike in books where random brigands and monsters jumped out just when things got unbearably dull, there was nothing to fight except for the clouds of gnats, several of which Zach was pretty sure he'd accidentally swallowed.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|Interestingly, being yourself allows others to be themselves. Even with crazy imperfections, being a bona fide genuine person is the best any of us can be—messy flaws and all!
Alex Grey|On Earth, men and women are taking the same risks. Why shouldn't we be taking the same risks in space?
Hugh Howey, Wool Omnibus|For the first time in his life, Michael understood why real soldiers coming back from real wars often had a hard time getting over the things they'd seen and done. And had done to them. If Michael had a soul, it was starting to leak out of his hopes.
Lance Conrad, The Price of Loyalty|Generally speaking, the key dimensions of corporate governance are strategy oversight, policy making, accountability, and monitoring.
William Shakespeare, The Taming of the Shrew|Fear no more the heat o' the sun,Nor the furious winter's rages;
Sigmund Freud, The Future of an Illusion|Our unfathomable evolutionary past paints a picture vastly more immense than any spiritual story could ever create because it is raw and real, violent, dirty and beautiful—and because of that—it's spectacular!
Jessica Khoury, Origin|It slowly dawns on me what it is, the sensation that has bridged the gap between how I saw the world yesterday and how I see it today. It compensates for my lost keenness and even makes everything around me a little brighter. Hope.
Lena Goldfinch, The Language of Souls|If it’s only a kiss you want, I can kiss you with my clothes on.” Katie O'Reilly to Captain Lord Blackthorn in "Titanic Rhasody.
Ted Rubin|The Internet has given us the illusion of intimacy. We read someone's books, articles, sermons, or watch their videos online, and we feel we know them, so why not share what we think is wrong? But that illusion of intimacy is just that – an illusion. It distracts us from the important principle of reaching out to them personally first, and making the sometimes difficult effort of keeping it private and saving the relationship.
John Angell James|take a strict view of their excrements, and, from the colour, the odour, the taste, the consistence, the crudeness or maturity of digestion, form a judgment of their thoughts and designs; because men are never so serious, thoughtful, and intent, as when they are at stool...
Wilferd Peterson|Walk with the dreamers, the believers, the courageous, the cheerful, the planners, the doers, the successful people with their heads in the clouds and their feet on the ground. Let their spirit ignite a fire within you to leave this world better than when you found it...
Terry Bradshaw|A good actor is someone who knows how to take the part and make it real and make it honest and be effective in it. If it's in a funny movie and, as long as they are cast in an appropriate way, humor will come from it.
Darren Main, The River of Wisdom: Reflections on Yoga, Meditation, and Mindful Living|Do numbers hold spiritual significance? Perhaps they do. For me, the most powerful numbers are two and six because when you multiply those numbers, you get the exact amount of square feet required to roll out a yoga mat. Even after years of practice, I’m continually astounded that all I really need to heal my body, open my heart, and still my chaotic mind is twelve square feet.
Robertson Davies, Fifth Business|Schoolmastering kept me busy by day and part of each night. I was an assistant housemaster, with a fine big room under the eaves of the main building, and a wretched kennel of a bedroom, and rights in a bathroom used by two or three other resident masters. I taught all day, but my wooden leg mercifully spared me from the nuisance of having to supervise sports after school. There were exercises to mark every night, but I soon gained a professional attitude towards these woeful explorations of the caves of ignorance and did not let them depress me. I liked the company of most of my colleagues, who were about equally divided among good men who were good teachers, awful men who were awful teachers, and the grotesques and misfits who drift into teaching and are so often the most educative influences a boy meets in school. If a boy can't have a good teacher, give him a psychological cripple or an exotic failure to cope with; don't just give him a bad, dull teacher. This is where the private schools score over state-run schools; they can accommodate a few cultured madmen on the staff without having to offer explanations.
Raymond E. Feist, Honored Enemy|It was something he had never quite understood about himself. He had seen thousands of men die in nearly ten years of war and could look on it at times with a near-total detachment, but an animal suffering - be it a horse or needra injured in battle, or the stag now dying - moved him deeply.
Scott B. Pruden|Sound waves, regardless of their frequency or intensity, can only be detected by the Mole Fly’s acute sense of smell—it is a little known fact that the Mole Fly’s auditory receptors do not, in fact, have a corresponding center in the brain designated for the purposes of processing sensory stimuli and so, these stimuli, instead of being siphoned out as noise, bypass the filters to be translated, oddly enough, by the part of the brain that processes smell. Consequently, the Mole Fly’s brain, in its inevitable confusion, understands sound as an aroma, rendering the boundary line between the auditory and olfactory sense indistinguishable.Sounds, thus, come in a variety of scents with an intensity proportional to its frequency. Sounds of shorter wavelength, for example, are particularly pungent. What results is a species of creature that cannot conceptualize the possibility that sound and smell are separate entities, despite its ability to discriminate between the exactitudes of pitch, timbre, tone, scent, and flavor to an alarming degree of precision. Yet, despite this ability to hyper-analyze, they lack the cognitive skill to laterally link successions of either sound or smell into a meaningful context, resulting in the equivalent of a data overflow.And this may be the most defining element of the Mole Fly’s behavior: a blatant disregard for the context of perception, in favor of analyzing those remote and diminutive properties that distinguish one element from another. While sensory continuity seems logical to their visual perception, as things are subject to change from moment-to-moment, such is not the case with their olfactory sense, as delays in sensing new smells are granted a degree of normality by the brain. Thus, the Mole Fly’s olfactory-auditory complex seems to be deprived of the sensory continuity otherwise afforded in the auditory senses of other species. And so, instead of sensing aromas and sounds continuously over a period of time—for example, instead of sensing them 24-30 times per second, as would be the case with their visual perception—they tend to process changes in sound and smell much more slowly, thereby preventing them from effectively plotting the variations thereof into an array or any kind of meaningful framework that would allow the information provided by their olfactory and auditory stimuli to be lasting in their usefulness.The Mole flies, themselves, being the structurally-obsessed and compulsive creatures that they are, in all their habitual collecting, organizing, and re-organizing of found objects into mammoth installations of optimal functional value, are remarkably easy to control, especially as they are given to a rather false and arbitrary sense of hierarchy, ascribing positions—that are otherwise trivial, yet necessarily mundane if only to obscure their true purpose—with an unfathomable amount of honor, to the logical extreme that the few chosen to serve in their most esteemed ranks are imbued with a kind of obligatory arrogance that begins in the pupal stages and extends indefinitely, as they are further nurtured well into adulthood by a society that infuses its heroes of middle management with an immeasurable sense of importance—a kind of celebrity status recognized by the masses as a living embodiment of their ideals. And yet, despite this culture of celebrity worship and vicarious living, all whims and impulses fall subservient, dropping humbly to the knees—yes, Mole Flies do, in fact, have knees!—before the grace of the merciful Queen, who is, in actuality, just a puppet dictator installed by the Melic papacy, using an old recycled Damsel fly-fishing lure. The dummy is crude, but convincing, as the Mole flies treat it as they would their true-born queen.
Randy Alcorn, Lord Foulgrin's Letters|I hope that's a good thing,' I said, thinking he might say I reminded him of a film star- then we'd actually have something in common. I was hoping for Anne Hathaway or Julia Roberts, and not the obvious Vivien Leigh. Even Angelina Jolie would have done, though I'd never quite forgiven her for stealing Brad's heart. Talking of Brad, was Sean starting to resemble him too? No, he could never be a Brad, a Matthew McConaughey maybe at a push, but never a Brad Pitt.
Frank E. Peretti, Piercing the Darkness|I am free. I am ransomed. I've never felt this way before, like a slave set free who was born a slave and never knew what freedom was like.
Zelda la Grange|One Accuracy about criticism is that you don't ask for it but it's given to you. How you deal with it? Says a lot about you. People may criticize you for many reasons. You can let it brake you or even make it elevate you. I always say; Know the limit of it, which one should be accepted and which one to be rejected.
George Orwell|The reason is obvious. You're my grandfather, okay. Like it or not, you're who you are and i'm who i am. And i'm here right now, so what are we going to do about it? -Adam Cayhall-
John A. Williams|Many governments have been founded upon the principle of the subordination and serfdom of certain classes of the same race; such were and are in violation of the laws of nature. Our system commits no such violation of nature’s laws. With us, all of the white race, however high or low, rich or poor, are equal in the eye of the law. Not so with the negro. Subordination is his place. He, by nature, or by the curse against Canaan, is fitted for that condition which he occupies in our system. The architect, in the construction of buildings, lays the foundation with the proper material-the granite; then comes the brick or the marble. The substratum of our society is made of the material fitted by nature for it, and by experience we know that it is best, not only for the superior, but for the inferior race, that it should be so. It is, indeed, in conformity with the ordinance of the Creator. It is not for us to inquire into the wisdom of His ordinances, or to question them.
Morrissey|Don't leave it all unsaid,somewhere in the wasteland of your head.
Michael Prelee, Milky Way Repo|Marla poked Duncan. He stepped forward. "Maybe I can help."Atomic Jack looked at him., his eyes glowed a sickening shade of radioactive orange. "I really don't see how." He slipped off his glove and his hand burst into small flames. The guy didn't yell though, or make out like he was in pain. He just grinned and showed a mouthful of orange teeth.
Omoakhuana Anthonia|Once a woman stands for a cause, the sounds of her stilettos echoes to the far ends of the earth that the world has no choice but to listen to her voice. Yes, she could be supple,flexible… but she is resilient. She is established.
Susan  Kay, Phantom|I could see why she felt attracted to Sam K. Barrows. Birds of a feather, or rather lizards of a scale.
Shannon L. Alder|Despite our disapproval with what God allows us to endure, he still remains the same God that is not interested in our convenience, as much as our character.
Martin Luther, Sermon on the Mount and the Magnificat|Have you ever wondered why you did not rapture and go to heaven the day you became a Christian? It is because God has work for you to do here on earth! Having gone to heaven, Jesus expects you to be his body on earth. You are his hands, his feet, his voice.
Barbara Ehrenreich, Living with a Wild God: A Nonbeliever's Search for the Truth about Everything|Their musical ability and performance seems to derive from the past collective experience and presents itself in the individual unconscious today. Through it we tap into something eternal and it is apparent even in how they approach their playing. Perhaps we relate to it because, of any other instrument, the cello has a range that matches the human voice.
Timothy Ferriss|'No one sits Baby in a corner,' one of the best lines in movie history.
William Arthur Ward|If you want a vision of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face - forever.
Banksy|You ask a lot of little kids today what they want to be when they grow up and they say "I want to be famous." You ask them for what reason and they don't know or care. I think Andy Warhol got it wrong: in the future so many people are going to become famous that one day everybody will end up being anonymous for fifteen minutes.
Meredith Jaeger, The Dressmaker's Dowry|He grieved too, Klara said, for the loss of a certain idea of himself.
Jael McHenry, The Kitchen Daughter|there is something intriguing about knowing how things are going to turn out, but being constantly surprised about how they'll get there.
Janna Graber|What I’ve learned from my travels is that people are more alike than they are different. Yes, I may have a different home or lifestyle than a mom living in Shanghai, but deep down we are still mothers who hope for the best in our children. I always find so much in common with those I meet on my travels – and that provides a genuine connection that cultural differences can’t erase.
Alex Ross Perry|On Friday evening Martin and Mona went to the United Artists Theatre to see a film already being mentioned for the Academy award. It had three stars, ran a hundred and ten minutes, and bored them both to petrifaction. (In brief, the award was in the bag.)The Case of the Seven of Calvary
Andy Serkis|In interior decorating, the pig's actually quite there. It's used in paint for the texture, but also for the glossiness. In sandpaper, bone glue is actually the glue between the sand and the paper. And then in paintbrushes, hairs are used because, apparently, they're very suitable for making paintbrushes because of their hard-wearing nature.
Pearl Zhu, Leadership Master: Five Digital Trends to Leap Leadership Maturity|It seems to be most leaders have more conventional wisdom, but creative leaders have better common sense.
James David Lewis-Williams, The Mind in the Cave: Consciousness and the Origins of Art|There were at least four contexts in which San shamans acquired insights into the spiritual world: – the trance dance, – special curing rituals, – viewing rock art, and – dreams.
Debasish Mridha|Let us love and respect each other as a friend, not stranger.
Katie Reus, Hunter Reborn|If for some reason she never regained her memories, she still didn't want to lose this male. Even the thought of that happening sent a shot of agony ricocheting through her.Larissa tore her lips back fromAiden's "I might never regain my memories," she blurted, needing to let him know."Then we'll make new ones.
Tracey M. Hook|My knight,” I said jokingly before I had a chance to stop myself. Too late I realized. ~Charlie~
Jorge Ramos|In every human society, there is an effort continually tending to confer on one part the height of power and happiness, and to reduce the other to the extreme of weakness and misery. The intent of good laws is to oppose this effort and to diffuse their influence universally and equally.
Tony Dovale|Rethink Your Success Mindset: With the right mindset, everything that you experience, along your journey towards success, is a blessing.
Anne McCaffrey, Dragonsinger|There's something wrong in not appreciating one's own special abilities, my girl. Find your own limitations, yes, but don't limit yourself with false modesty.
Jovan Savage|Remember You Attract What You Think, Keep Your Thoughts Focus On What You Want and You’ll Be Amazed..
Mark Twain, The $30,000 Bequest and Other Stories|But something held him, as the fatalist can always be held: by curiosity, pessimism, by sheer inertia.
C.G. Jung, Septem Sermones ad Mortuos|Stop allowing your outdated ideas to hinder your progress. Become open to new information that can refine, improve, and enhance your way of thinking. This will empower your way of living.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, A View from the Front Porch: Encounters with Life and Jesus|We have forfeited our calling for the simple reason that we’ve ignored the God who says that the ‘possible’ is never bound by the ‘probable,’ and instead we’ve dutifully heeded the god of fear that incessantly says the ‘possible’ is anything but ‘probable.
Pearl Zhu, Decision Master: The Art and Science of Decision Making|Where was Sam?It hit her full force then, the shocking realization. Was this how Sam felt? Was this how he’d been feeling since the beginning? All eyes on him? Everyone waiting for a decision? Even as people doubted and criticized and attacked?She wanted to be sick. She had been there for so much of it. But she hadn’t been the one. She hadn’t been the one making those choices.And now…she was.“I don’t know what to do,” Astrid said. “I don’t know.
Catherine LaRoche, Master of Love|...You bring out the truth in me, Callista, and make me whole. I need you to set me free and give me the courage to be as strong as you are. I love you...
Andrew John Wiles|He calculated the number of bricks in the wall, first in twos and then in tens and finally in sixteens. The numbers formed up and marched past his brain in terrified obedience. Division and multiplication were discovered. Algebra was invented and provided an interesting diversion for a minute or two. And then he felt the fog of numbers drift away, and looked up and saw the sparkling, distant mountains of calculus.
Sami Abouzid|Save me, I need you, life is sad without you
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You are backed by great power. Press onwards, you will succeed.
Leonard Cohen|Your faith was strong, but you needed proof...
Alan Powers|Although it was only a single instrument, each note had the peculiar echoed quality of a thousand harmonics voiced together. There was a whisper behind the strongest note and a shout beneath the softest, and they sang of far off places in long forgotten times. There were no words, but the images of ancient pride, noble heritage, and castles in the sand were imagined from the progression. This was the song that would be played at the birth of a nation, full of hope and promise of better days ahead. This was the song of the end of days with all love and longing lost beyond recall or desire. Farris could see this song playing at her wedding, or her funeral, as a herald of joy and sorrow. She found tears in her eyes and heard herself laugh, and she couldn’t say why she was doing either. Her skin was tense and covered with goosebumps, and she shivered with pleasure.
N.K. Jemisin, The Broken Kingdoms|A life of hospitality begins in worship, with a recognition of God's grace and generosity. Hospitality is not first a duty and responsibility; it is first a response of love and gratitude for God's love and welcome to us.
Irina Shayk|My goal is to make people feel passionately, if it's negative or positive, I did my job.
Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce|They ought to do away with divorce settlements. Instead, both parties should flip a coin. The winner gets to stay where he or she is and keep everything. The loser goes to Paraguay. That´s it.
Matshona Dhliwayo|One who conquers others is great, one who conquers the world is mighty, but one who conquers himself is divine.
Rachel Hawkins, Demonglass|It occurred to me that my cheek was probably right over his tattoo. Without thinking, I lifted my face and tugged at the neckline of his T-shirt. This time, the stark black-and-gold mark wasn't hidden. No need for that spell anymore, I guess. Still, I covered it with my palm. Archer's hands clutched reflexively on my waist. Our eyes met. "It doesn't burn this time," I whispered.His breathing was ragged. "Beg to differ, Mercer.
Mary Karr, Lit|We must plant our dreams in real earth. We must dirty our hands. It's the only way. Whether we dream of planting flower gardens or churches, ever dream needs a place in which to take root and grow. Every dream needs a home.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|Do you think it is a vain hope that one day man will find joy in noble deeds of light and mercy, rather than in the coarse pleasures he indulges in today -- gluttony, fornication, ostentation, boasting, and envious vying with his neighbor? I am certain this is not a vain hope and that the day will come soon.
James     Baldwin, The Fire Next Time|Anyway, I have long had a very definite tendency to tune out the moment I come anywhere near either a pulpit or a soapbox.
Mary Ann Shaffer, The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society|A favor is a friendly, gracious, kind, generous or obliging act that is freely granted. It is offered and not solicited.A promise is a declaration assuring that one will or will not do something. It is a vow to commit oneself by a promise to do or give. It is a pledge: to make a declaration assuring that something will or will not be done.When you assume and mistook favor for a promise, then misunderstanding comes in. Learn to distinguish clearly between a favor and a promise to avoid false expectations, blind hopes and deep disappointments.Never demand on favours given.Never impose on mistaken promises.Never put under pressure the people who have given you favor.Have a humble and grateful heart for both favors and promises fulfilled.
Tennessee Williams, Sweet Bird of Youth|... the serpent hissing between the lips of Envy is so huge, and so completely fills her wide-opened mouth that the muscles of her face are strained and contorted,...
Sunday Adelaja|The mandate is clear, God's nature must be reflected on the earth.
Maureen Brady, Beyond Survival: A Writing Journey for Healing Childhood Sexual Abuse|Power is confusing for us, perhaps even terrifying, because our relationship with it had an unfortunate beginning. Someone in a position of power over us used and abused us…It seems as if power were something to be wielded, always at someone’s expense, usually our own.
Murray Bail, Eucalyptus|Descriptions of dreams have a dubious place in storytelling. For these are dreams which have been imagined--'dreamed up', to be slotted in. A story can be made up. How can a dream be made up? By not rising of its own free will from the unconscious it sets a note of falsity, merely illustrating something 'dream-like', which may be why dream descriptions within stories seen curiously meaningless. To avoid glazing over, best then to turn the page quickly.
Jim Butcher, Grave Peril|Revenge is like sex, Mister Dresden. It's best when it comes on slow, quiet, until it all seems inexorable.
Radclyffe Hall|I hear the trees whispering sometimes. They don't talk to everyone. Or maybe they do, but not everyone listens. Do you hear them?
Kevin Smith|I have two luxuries to brood over in my walks, your loveliness and the hour of my death. O that I could have possession of them both in the same minute.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Barbed Arrows From the Quiver of C.H. Spurgeon|I'm a man. Why would you expect anything else? We're meant to be easy and predictable. You are woman. You possess what we seek. We cannot afford to confuse your minds if we are to attain what we seek. Therefore, we elect to be easy and predictable.
Kurt Cobain|Punk rock should mean freedom, liking and excepting anything that you like. Playing whatever you want. As sloppy as you want. As long as it's good and it has passion.
Gene Simmons|I was born alone, I'm gonna die alone. I have my own identity. I'm my own person, and no two people are the same.
Darrell Calkins, Re:|You may have noticed that the questions asked are better than the answers given. What do you expect? Perhaps we could submit these answers in a game and see if anyone could figure out what the hell the question was. “Ahh, how to be happy?
Kristin Hannah, Summer Island|As mothers and daughters, we are connected with one another. My mother is the bones of my spine, keeping me straight and true. She is my blood, making sure it runs rich and strong. She is the beating of my heart. I cannot now imagine a life without her.
Sherif A. El-Mawardy|The man who said, "Blessed is he that expecteth nothing, for he shall not be disappointed," put the eulogy quite inadequately and even falsely. The truth "Blessed is he that expecteth nothing, for he shall be gloriously surprised." The man who expects nothing sees redder roses than common men can see, and greener grass, and a more startling sun. Blessed is he that expecteth nothing, for he shall possess the cities and the mountains; blessed is the meek, for he shall inhereit the earth. Until we realize that things might not be we cannot realize that things are.
Colman McCarthy, All of One Peace: Essays on Nonviolence|With a few exceptions, the media have phrased the past five months as a contest of wills between Bush and Saddam Hussein, not as a moment of deragement between two armed madmen willing to order their young to slaughter each other. Analysis -endless analysis- has been offered about the two men's tactics, as if they were coaches preparing for the Super Bowl.
Nathan Lopes Cardozo, Foreword to A Damaged Mirror: A story of memory and redemption: Rabbi Nathan Lopes Cardozo discusses prophecy and memory|Do you know that you being here with that gun in your hand is more wondrous than the parting of the Red Sea? For someone like God, it would be easy to command the skies, the waters, the rocks. But to change a man’s heart, for a man to choose to come here and acknowledge his helplessness, now, that is the province of miracles.
Mark Tilbury, The Abattoir of Dreams|This book is like an engineering masterpiece, can't be bad ! No matter what it will always be the greatest of all.See this link for more information:jeffabbott.com.panic
Teresa Mummert, Perfect Lie|Okay, I've lied to him. But you saw how jealous he gets. It makes me feel like I have to. And I shouldn't defend my right to be friends with another guy.
Deep Roy|I put a lot of pressure on myself. I think something's not good enough, and I won't stop until I feel like I've made it. I'm never satisfied.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|Morality and righteousness is based on intent, love, and in giving; yet, how is it that we as humans have come to view the act of sex with a different set of arbitrary laws? Specifically pigeonholed as an act between man and women, and with righteousness based on an unsystematic number of people we have slept with; as a civilization we have come to bind society with a set of laws largely advantageous to a specific sex, with the minority heavily antagonized and chastised. The universe knows not what sexual morality is, only what is right and wrong. The same principles that dictate morals also command the virtues of sex. Is it with the right intent? Is it based on love? Is it based on giving?
Irvin D. Yalom, Momma and the Meaning of Life: Tales of Psychotherapy|Credinta, oricat de pasionata, de pura, de arzatoare, nu spune absolut nimic despre realitatea existentei lui Dumnezeu
Taylor Swift|In the future, I can imagine that we will genetically modify ourselves using the genes that have doubled our life span since we were chimpanzees.
Vince Lombardi Jr.|We don’t get a chance to do that many things, and every one should be really excellent. Because this is our life.
Mel Gibson|You can look at Bad Religion, and, really, almost everything I've ever done was an exercise in creativity. I've always had a desire to challenge and question authority, and that's where the fire inside comes from. I challenged authority out of a desire to make things better, not to be nihilistic about it.
Robert Jackall, Moral Mazes: The World of Corporate Managers|The manager comes to see all relationships with others by a strict utilitarian calculus and, insofar as he dares, breaks friendships and alliances accordingly.
Bill Bryson|The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints affirms her possession of divine authority for the use of the sacred name, Jesus Christ, as the essential part of her distinctive designation. In view of this exalted claim, it is pertinent to inquire as to what special or particular message the Church has to give to the world concerning the Redeemer and Savior of the race, and as to what she has to say in justification of her solemn affirmation, or in vindication of her exclusive name and title. As we proceed with our study, we shall find that among the specific teachings of the Church respecting...
Sam Kean, The Tale of the Dueling Neurosurgeons: The History of the Human Brain as Revealed by True Stories of Trauma, Madness, and Recovery|In fact, his travelogues spend amazingly little time discussing his blindness. Only one passage stands out for its frank discussion of his handicap and how it changed his worldview. In it, Holman was reminiscing about a few rendezvous from his past. Disarmingly, he admitted that he had no idea what his paramours looked like, or even whether they were homely. Moreover, he didn't care: by abandoning the standards of the sighted world, he argues, he could tap into a more divine and more authentic beauty. Hearing a woman's voice and feeling her caresses -- and then filling in what was missing with his own fancy -- gave him more pleasure than the mere sight of a women ever had, he said, a pleasure beyond reality. "Are there any who imagine," Holman asked, "that my loss of eyesight must necessarily deny me the enjoyment of such contemplation? How much more do I pity the mental darkness which could give rise to such an error.
George Yeoman Pocock|If you can’t fire your best friend or your brother, don’t hire them.
Robert Jackson Bennett, City of Stairs|Were the seeds of next things always there, in the circle of the year, and was that how the world worked its miracles?
Idries Shah, Caravan of Dreams|You will never reach Mecca, I fear: for you are on the road to Turkestan.
Harlan Coben, Shelter|Getting into a fight with a popular senior. Pissing off a school teacher and the local chief of police. Hanging with two major-league losers." She slapped my back. "Welcome to high school.
Francisco X. Stork, Marcelo in the Real World|Deception is the natural defence of the weak against the strong, and the South used it for many years against its conquerors; to-day it must be prepared to see its black proletariat turn that same two-edged weapon against itself. And how natural this is! The death of Denmark Vesey and Nat Turner proved long since to the Negro the present hopelessness of physical defence. Political defence is becoming less and less available, and economic defence is still only partially effective. But there is a patent defence at hand,—the defence of deception and flattery, of cajoling and lying. It is the same defence which peasants of the Middle Age used and which left its stamp on their character for centuries. To-day the young Negro of the South who would succeed cannot be frank and outspoken, honest and self-assertive, but rather he is daily tempted to be silent and wary, politic and sly; he must flatter and be pleasant, endure petty insults with a smile, shut his eyes to wrong; in too many cases he sees positive personal advantage in deception and lying. His real thoughts, his real aspirations, must be guarded in whispers; he must not criticise, he must not complain. Patience, humility, and adroitness must, in these growing black youth, replace impulse, manliness, and courage. With this sacrifice there is an economic opening, and perhaps peace and some prosperity. Without this there is riot, migration, or crime. Nor is this situation peculiar to the Southern United States, is it not rather the only method by which undeveloped races have gained the right to share modern culture? The price of culture is a Lie.
Paul Kyriazi, How to Live the James Bond Lifestyle: upgrade your life to that of 007|Your on the planet too. Why should James Bond have all the action, fun, money, and resort hotel living.
Nathan Daniels|I lay on my floor crying again… shaking. Searching for inner strength and coming up empty. My eyes burned and my mouth was dry as I sucked on air that seemed to keep getting thicker and harder to breathe. I tried to leave again, but ended up leaning my forehead against the door, feeling defeated and wishing the Grim Reaper would come for me in all his silky, black glory.
Emil M. Cioran, On the Heights of Despair|True confessions are written with tears only. But my tears would drown the world, as my inner fire would reduce it to ashes.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Respect is and not given, respect is earned.
Clare Vanderpool, Navigating Early|Wisdom holds a candle to experience, but you've got to take the candle and walk alone.
Richard  Holmes, Soldiers: A History Of Men In Battle|Their notion of training was to march the men up and down in parades and reviews: these were nice to look at and gave them the impression of military discipline and precision, but as a preparation for a modern war they had no value whatsoever.
Ronald Reagan|I have left orders to be awakened at any time during national emergency, even if I'm in a cabinet meeting.
Laura Kreitzer, Fallen Legion|The truth, as much as people acted like they wanted to hear it, was sometimes too cruel and harsh.
Kim Fielding, Good Bones| 'We're not... we haven't been writing poetry and sprinkling rose petals and tripping hand in hand under rainbows, Kay.' 'Just because you have Y chromosomes doesn't mean you can't tell each other how you feel, Dylan. Your penises won't fall off if you do.' 
Marco Rubio|Football ruled my life for years, morning, noon and night.
Alice Sebold, The Lovely Bones|Jon:'What are you doing up there? Why aren't you at the feast?'Tyrion: 'Too hot, too noisy, and I'd drunk too much wine', the dwarf told him. 'I learned long ago that it is considered rude to vomit on your brother.
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls:Life Lessons from Solo Moments in New York|For all the energy directed toward the stratagem of big city living, New Yorkers are never too distracted to respond to, and more often, proactively assist visitors. Tourists tracing the routes of subway maps with their fingers, squinting at street signs or staring at a slip of paper with confusion are typical recipients of our generosity. We know our city can be as challenging as it is fascinating, and we want visitors to have a good experience.
Silje Jensen|I always found it so ironic, how the people from the past would do anything to see what happened everywhere else in the world that they lost so much of their own life watching this little screen.
Charles Bukowski, Women|The place trembled with sound. I didn't need to do anything. They would do it all. But you had to be careful. Drunk as they were they could immediately detect any false gesture, any false word. You could never underestimate an audience. They had paid to get in; they had paid for drinks; they intended to get something and if you didn't give it to them they'd run you right into the ocean.
Magan Vernon, The Only One|I don’t want any other girl.” He shook his head and took a step closer, cupping my face in his hands. “I belong with you and you belong with me.
The Liberty Book|Jesus not only preached liberty, but has the authority to direct history toward its final victory.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|Change needs us. Change needs people who are willing to invest themselves and their time and their energy and all that they can in making it happen. And, remember, if we don’t quit; if we choose to walk the more difficult path; if we refuse to give up, no matter how long the road or how steep the climb; we will make change happen.
Agustin Castillo|Sometimes, when I hear people without experience of addiction blame addicts for their behaviour, I feel like saying to them: 'You simply don't understand - how can a child be held responsible for doing such a dreadful thing to himself?' But then again, at other times I have to acknowledge: it was done wilfully.
Jane Cousins, To Bedevil A Beauty|You can’t think of anything? Anything you might need a man for?”Berry blinked slowly, then gave him a wide smile. “Are you talking about sex? Because if you are, there are plenty of products on the market today that claim to be just as good as a man. Not to mention some of them come with rechargeable solar batteries… so good for the environment too.
Cedric Nye, Jango's Anthem|When the Wolf King carries the hammer, thus are the final days known. When the fox marries the raven, and the trumpets of battle are blown.
Dolen Perkins-Valdez, Wench|Fitzpatrick: Back when I was doing Perl-even for people that knew Perl really well-I would recommend MJD's Higher-Order Per!. The book is really fun in that it starts somewhat simple and you're like, "Yeah, yeah, I know what a closure is." And then it just continues to fuck with your head. By the end of the book, you're just blown away.
Michael Sullivan|I see using my other senses. I can smell the rain before it drops, but I can’t watch it fall. I can feel the sun on my face, but I can’t see it rise or set. I want to see the world like everyone else, to see the sun, the rain, the music. Oh I bet music looks beautiful.
Jim Jarmusch|Nothing is original. Steal from anywhere that resonates with inspiration or fuels your imagination. Devour old films, new films, music, books, paintings, photographs, poems, dreams, random conversations, architecture, bridges, street signs, trees, clouds, bodies of water, light and shadows. Select only things to steal from that speak directly to your soul. If you do this, your work (and theft) will be authentic. Authenticity is invaluable; originality is non-existent. And don’t bother concealing your thievery - celebrate it if you feel like it. In any case, always remember what Jean-Luc Godard said: “It’s not where you take things from - it’s where you take the
Arundhati Roy|We discount the physical, when, in fact, much of life is physical. People's personalities are partly formed by, or in response to, how they take up space; the physical mask has some relation, howsoever obscure, to the mental work happening underneath.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld|Peace, commerce and honest friendship with all nations; entangling alliances with none.
Coco J. Ginger|When we are in love, we are convinced nobody else will do. But as time goes, others do do, and often do do, much much better.
Meg Rosoff, What I Was|I'm a century old, an impossible age, and my brain has no anchor in the present. Instead it drifts, nearly always to the same shore. Today, as most days, it is 1962. The year I discovered love.
JOEL NYARANGI AKOYA|For one who is chosen to be among all the living, there is hope. For a living dog is better than a dead lion. While there is breath, there is hope. Even in hopeless situations, there is hope that the situation changes for the better.
LORINDA MONRREAL|In the 1970s, when Norman Sunshine won an Emmy for the graphics and title design he had created for one of Alan Shayne’s television productions, “Alan and I agreed it was not a good idea for us to be seen together at an industry event,” he remembers. “Alan, after all, was one of the very few homosexuals who had such a powerful, high profile job, and who lived openly with a man. Homophobia had its adherents and some ruthless climber up the executive ladder would certainly love an opportunity to use it… 'Better to be seen with a woman,’ we were advised by a very trusted friend, ‘Makes everyone more comfortable.
Darren Shan, Vampire Mountain|Students never appreciate their teachers while they are learning. It is only later, when they know more of the world, that they understand how indebted they are to those who instructed them. Good teachers expect no praise or love from the young. They wait for it, and in time, it comes.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|When you understand that through the power of conversion in solitude you can become great, so many things you’ve been wasting your time on will no longer interest you. You will even run away from some friends.
Steven Erikson, Deadhouse Gates|Words were numbers were codes were formulae. Words held secret maps, the measuring of paces, the patterns of mortal minds, of histories, of cities, of continents and warrens.
Nicholas Browne|I love people that read. I think it screams humility. When someone reads, they are essentially admitting they want more, that the world is not enough for them. They want more knowledge, more experience. Whatever this life is, they want more of it.
Christopher Dines, Mindfulness Burnout Prevention: An 8-Week Course for Professionals|To still your mind , first still your tongue.
Jay Bell, Kamikaze Boys|Just be careful. Passion is a bridge that connects love and hate. When you're standing in the middle of that bridge, don't let yourself get turned around. You've got to make sure you know which direction you're heading. Watch yourself.
Eve 6|Give them back! Give my tears back, right now——with interest!!
Seneca, The Stoic Philosophy of Seneca: Essays and Letters|As Lucretius says: 'Thus ever from himself doth each man flee.' But what does he gain if he does not escape from himself? He ever follows himself and weighs upon himself as his own most burdensome companion. And so we ought to understand that what we struggle with is the fault, not of the places, but of ourselves
Steven Erikson, Midnight Tides|As she gracefully descended down portico, the white gloved hand of the lady of the estate met the white-glove worn by a Negro footman, as a vast expanse of hoop skirt filled the carriage doorway. It was a skirt of fine white lawn with ruffles embroidered with little pink and blue flowers complete with green stems. The white trash girl looked on in amazement, involuntarily wincing at the thought of the long hours plantation slave seamstresses had devoted to decorating a dress that might only be worn a half dozen times and survive as many launderings.
Amit Kalantri|You cannot intimidate people with real bullets, but you can intimidate them with fake gun.
Bruce Pittman|Space offers extraordinary potential for commerce and adventure, for new innovations and new tests of will. As Americans, we can't help but reach for the stars. It's our nature. It's our destiny.
Dave Barry|As you get older; you've probably noticed that you tend to forget things. You'll be talking with somebody at a party, and you'll know that you know this person, but no matter how hard you try, you can't remember his or her name. This can be very embarassing, especially if he or she turns out to be your spouse.
Dalai Lama XIV, The Dalai Lama's Little Book of Inner Peace: The Essential Life and Teachings|From the Buddhist point of view, all living beings -- that is, beings with feelings, experiences, and sensations -- are considered equal. Human beings can live without eating meat. As human beings, I think that deep down our nature tends towards vegetarianism and leads us to do everything in our power to prevent harming other species.
Debasish Mridha|Give much, demand little.
Victoria Addino|Don't step backward toward nothing, step forward toward something, better awkward steps forward, than coward steps backward.
Anne Graham|For years we've been telling God to get out of our schools, to get out of our government and to get out of our lives. And being the gentleman He is, I believe He has calmly backed out. How can we expect God to give us His blessing and His protection if we demand He leave us alone?
Garth Davis|Journalism should be more like science. As far as possible, facts should be verifiable. If journalists want long-term credibility for their profession, they have to go in that direction. Have more respect for readers.
Mark Twain, The Adventures of Tom Sawyer|Tom said to himself that it was not such a hollow world, after all. He had discovered a great law of human action, without knowing it -- namely, that in order to make a man or a boy covet a thing, it is only necessary to make the thing difficult to attain. If he had been a great and wise philosopher, like the writer of this book, he would now have comprehended that Work consists of whatever a body is obliged to do, and that Play consists of whatever a body is not obliged to do. And this would help him to understand why constructing artificial flowers or performing on a tread-mill is work, while rolling ten-pins or climbing Mont Blanc is only amusement. There are wealthy gentlemen in England who drive four-horse passenger-coaches twenty or thirty miles on a daily line, in the summer, because the privilege costs them considerable money; but if they were offered wages for the service, that would turn it into work and then they would resign.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If your headlight is broken, stop travelling in the darkness! Either you travel with the light or sit tight wherever you are!
Criss Jami|Christ is our Friend; He is also the Righteous King. God is our Father; He is also the Sovereign Lord. Christianity can be said to be both a religion and a relationship. You may often hear the cliché that it is not a religion, but a relationship only - which, I believe, is a bit too vague a statement - 'religion' has long had different meanings and implications depending on who you ask or where you are coming from. Honestly, it is sometimes the case that Christians like to think they are too cool and free and up-close and personal with God to be like other religions. Perhaps that could be argued, that could be the case, as it is written thus: 'You are no longer a slave to sin, but God's child.' So we might very well assert that Christianity is not at all some stale philosophy centered around legalistic guilt and empty rule-keeping, as the modernists so commonly define religion; although by other definitions we might as well be boasting that it is 'The Religion' simply by claiming that it is too real and too special to be deemed 'just another religion'.
Harold Nicolson|I suspect that scientists are driven by the sense that the world out there - reality - contains a hidden order, and the scientist is trying to elucidate the hidden order in our reality. And that impulse is what the scientist shares with the mystic. The impulse to get to the bottom of things. To know how the world really works. To know the nature of things.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Here I Am|Let's go to bed. Those four words differentiate a marriage from every other kind of relationship. We aren't going to find a way to agree, but let's go to bed. Not because we want to, but because we have to. We hate each other right now, but let's go to bed. It's the only one we have. Let's go to our sides, but the sides of the same bed. Let's retreat into ourselves, but together. How many conversations had ended with those four words? How many fights?
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|And every book, you find, has its own social group--friends of its own it wants to introduce you to, like a party in the library that need never, ever end.
Graham Greene, The Ministry of Fear|For the canons of good society are, or should be, the same as the canons of art. Form is absolutely essential to it.
J.Y. Tacheva, How We Fall in Love: The Tale Scheherazade Didn't Tell|Her legs are two rivers, and the delta where they bleed into each other is the well of ecstasy.
Oscar Wilde|If you want to be a grocer, or a general, or a politician, or a judge, you will invariably become it; that is your punishment. If you never know what you want to be, if you live what some might call the dynamic life but what I will call the artistic life, if each day you are unsure of who you are and what you know you will never become anything, and that is your reward.
Walter Moers, Die Stadt der Träumenden Bücher|Es kommt nicht darauf an, wie eine Geschichte anfängt. Auch nicht darauf, wie sie aufhört. Sondern auf das, was dazwischen passiert.
Stephen Hawking|I would make this war as severe as possible, and show no symptoms of tiring till the South begs for mercy.
Richelle Mead, The Golden Lily|To photograph is to hold one's breath, when all faculties converge to capture fleeting reality. It's at that precise moment that mastering an image becomes a great physical and intellectual joy.
Os Guinness, The Call: Finding and Fulfilling the Central Purpose of Your Life|Calling resists privatization by insisting on the totality of faith. Calling resists politicization by demanding a tension with every human allegiance and association. Calling resists polarization by requiring an attitude toward, and action in, society that is inevitably transforming because it is constantly engaged. Grand Christian movements will rise and fall. Grand campaigns will be mounted and grand coalitions assembled. But all together such coordinated efforts will never match the influence of untold numbers of followers of Christ living out their callings faithfully across the vastness and complexity of modern society.
L.J. Smith|Tell Hugh," she whispered.Tell Hugh your freaking self! He's right here! And you're not going anywhere.
Alfred Lord Tennyson|I felt like an ugly duckling back in school. I was a complete tomboy with short hair. Never in my dreams did I imagine that I would walk the ramp with 6-inch heels. My friends can't believe that I'm an actor, because I was such an introvert in school.
Michael Leunig|During the holiday season, Christmas specifically, it can be hard to be away from family and friends.
Ernest Hemingway, Ernest Hemingway: A Literary Reference|There is seven-eights of it under water for every part that shows. Anything you know you can eliminate and it only strengthens your iceberg. It is the part that doesn't show. If a writer omits something because he does not know it then there is a hole in the story., 1958)
Whitney Wolfe|There's nothing wrong with taking yourself out of the dating pool. You don't need to be in a relationship because that's what society expects of you or because your grandmother thinks you need to be married by a certain date. Those days are over. Instead, take a step back and say, 'I'm OK alone.'
Dan Simmons|Who are you, Hockenberry, to thwart Fate and defy the Will of the Gods?I am me, Thomas Hockenberry. I am fed up with these power-addled thugs who call themselves gods.
Quinn Loftis, Beyond the Veil|If you have ever felt the world melt away when the woman you know is destined to be yours walks into the room; if you have felt your soul reach out to hers, finally making you feel whole; if you tremble when you touch her from sheer awe at being the one who has that right; if the darkness swallows you and you begin to suffocate at the thought of losing her, then you will have a small taste of what it is like to be bonded.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Environmentalists and secular humanists insist that humans will destroy the planet. Corporate capitalists and many religious fundamentalists have no regard for wildlife and nature. Ultimately, this dualistic battle is based on false premises. In fact, this planet is more powerful than the human species.
G.G. Silverman, Vegan Teenage Zombie Huntress|The zombies were like Canadians, in that they looked enough like real people at first, to fool you.
Erich Fromm|What is freedom as a human experience? Is the desire for freedom something inherent in human nature? Is it an identical experience regardless of what kind of culture a person lives in, or is it something different according to the degree of individualism reached in a particular society? Is freedom only the absence of external pressure or is it also the presence of something—and if so, of what? What are the social and economic factors in society that make for the striving for freedom? Can freedom become a burden, too heavy for man to bear, something he tries to escape from? Why then is it that freedom is for many a cherished goal and for others a threat?
Vasily Grossman, Life and Fate|The century of Einstein and Planck was also the century of Hitler. The Gestapo and the scientific renaissance were children of the same age. How humane the nineteenth century seemed, that century of naive physics, when compared with the twentieth century, the century that had killed his [Viktor's] mother. There is a terrible similarity between the principles of Fascism and those of contemporary physics.Fascism has rejected the concept of a separate individuality, the concept of "a man," and operates only with vast aggregates. Contemporary physics speaks of the greater or lesser probability of occurrences within this or that aggregate of individual particles. And are not the terrible mechanics of Fascism founded on the principle of quantum politics, of political probability?Fascism arrived at the idea of the liquidation of entire strata of the population, of entire nations and races, on the grounds that there was a greater probability of overt or covert opposition among these groupings than among others: the mechanics of probabilities and of human aggregates.But no! No! And again no! Fascism will perish for the very reason that it has applied to man the laws applicable to atoms and cobblestones!Man and Fascism cannot co-exist. If Fascism conquers, man will cease to exist and there will remain only man-like creatures that have undergone an internal transformation. But if man, man who is endowed with reason and kindness, should conquer, then Fascism must perish, and those who have submitted to it will once again become people.
Christopher Moore, Sacré Bleu: A Comedy d'Art|I like a girl with a substantial bottom,' said Renoir, drawing in the air the size bottom he preferred.
Debasish Mridha|Think of, at the moment of dying, is there will be any enemy for you? None! Everyone will be the best friend. So win all your enemies with your divine love when you are living.
Khaled Hosseini, And the Mountains Echoed|Nothing good came free. Even love. You paid for all things. And if you were poor, suffering was your currency.
Ruth Ahmed, When Ali Met Honour|Her voice was erudite, interesting; the voice of someone who straddled two cultures with a surety and style that I wished my boyfriend could find. She was smart, funny, and, above all, completely capable of controlling her life and what happened to it.
Madison Arnold|It is odd that the Bible says, ‘God created man,’ whereas it is the other way round: man has created God. It is odd that the Bible says, ‘The body is mortal, the soul is immortal,’ whereas even here the contrary is true: the body (its matter) is eternal; the soul (the form of the body) is transitory.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|One of the greatest things you can learn in life is to be compassionate, and true compassion includes compassion for yourself.
Dianne Feinstein|The rich man's dog gets more in the way of vaccination, medicine and medical care than do the workers upon whom the rich man's wealth is built.
Aragon|For J.-L.G., color does not exist simply to show us that a girl has blue eyes or that a certain gentleman is a member of the Legion of Honor. By necessity, a film by Godard that offers the possibility of color is going to show us something that could not be shown in black and white, a kind of voice that cannot resound ehen colors are mute.
Peter David, Sir Apropos of Nothing|All people are, at heart, egocentric. We exist at the center of our own little universes. We believe that we are living out our lives as best we can, and that we have our own sphere of influence which exists of both friends and enemies. They in turn have their own friends and enemies with whom they interact. That is a given. But we, each of us, tend to put ourselves ahead of others because we believe that we are significant. We must attend to our own needs, desires, wants, and aspirations, because each of us is our own greatest priority. No one else cares for us as much as we do, no one else can exist in our skin. We think we're important. It is where our sense of self-worth comes up, where our egos reside, where "we" are. And we believe that each of our lives means something.
Gracia Hunter|A man who becomes enchanted by the flower's fragrance stays only for a fleeting moment, but a man who comes because of love stays for a lifetime.
Stephanie Mbida|Life is like a one rung ladder, some days you can be on the top and bottom of the world at the same time
H. Leighton Dickson, Dragon of Ash & Stars: The Autobiography of a Night Dragon|He belongs to me, and I to him... without each-other, we are merely two lost pieces, empty, without purpose...
Heidi Betts, Knock Me for a Loop|It made him feel like less of a man. And given how much less of a man he’d felt the past several weeks, that was really saying something. He was surprised someone from the Man Club hadn’t come by to revoke his dick and balls.
Ingmar Bergman, The Seventh Seal|Having parked up at the entrance to the football ground I’d like my coffin to be taken from the hearse and carried around the mile and a half perimeter of the pitch in a fitting lap of honour. Then, after the lap of honour, I would like the undertakers to lift me out of my coffin, dress me in the home strip and sit with me in the Evans Halshaw Home Stand for a match against any team in the Essex and Suffolk Border League Division One. (From Undertaker's Question Time, 2016)
Robert A. Caro, The Path to Power|Jason (Elam, a Christian) is the kid in high school who gets along equally well with the jocks, the brains, the geeks, and the slackers, and influences their behavior.
Habeeb Akande|If you cannot do great things in life, make sure you do the small things in a great way.
Erich Fromm, Escape from Freedom|I believe, Messieurs, in loyalty---to one's friends and one's family and one's caste.
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|No matter how hard you try, you can’t please everyone”.
John Grisham, A Time to Kill|You are not wrong. You fought to protect your world. Isn't that good enough? After all, justice in this world is just a bunch of principles made by those with power to suit themselves. No one really thinks of others, you will lose everything if you cannot keep up. Only two kinds of people exist in this world—those who steal and those who are stolen from. So then, today, I just stole your future. That's all.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Strange, how we often hate the ones who save us and love the ones that are like poison.
Francis Bacon|Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter.
William Makepeace Thackeray, Vanity Fair|Revenge may be wicked, but it’s natural.
Petra Hermans|All of the people took it up and sung it over and over until it was wrung dry, and no further innovations of tone and tempo were conceivable. Then they hushed and ate barbecue.
Adam Grant|For women to achieve equal representation in leadership roles, it's important that they have the backing of men as well as women.
Nahoko Uehashi, Moribito: Guardian of the Spirit|I know what the world is like. Nobody does anything unless there's something in it for themselves. But there are some people who do more than they have to for what they get in return, and those people are kind right to the heart.
David Wolfe, Longevity Now: A Comprehensive Approach to Healthy Hormones, Detoxification, Super Immunity, Reversing Calcification, and Total Rejuvenation|Live healthy NOW, You won't regret it
Angie  Morgan|The troop whose captain is (apparently) not managing it, but whose girls manage themselves under the Scout laws, is the ideal troop.
Tang Qi, To the Sky Kingdom|Not realizing that I craved his warmth, his nearness, until he was gone.
Beverly S. Harless, One Night of Regrets: A Story of Restoration and Grace|When it comes to who will like your writing; the ones who will like it will like it because they can relate to the story or can find a piece of their own story hidden within - regardless of the mistakes. The ones who won't, never will - no matter what.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Beyond Good and Evil|July 4, the day we celebrate giving our political masters independence from conscience, morality, consequences for evil doing, and basic social and economic reality.The fireworks are the glowing tears of your children's incinerated futures.Cheer happy slaves - your only chains are your deluded joys. Cheer and sing, because for you, songs of death are easier than questions of life.
Kay Redfield Jamison, Night Falls Fast: Understanding Suicide|Looking at suicide—the sheer numbers, the pain leading up to it, and the suffering left behind—is harrowing. For every moment of exuberance in the science, or in the success of governments, there is a matching and terrible reality of the deaths themselves: the young deaths, the violent deaths, the unnecessary deaths 
Carrie Jones, Entice|You know, life fractures us all into little pieces. It harms us, but it's how we glue those fractures back together that make us stronger.
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|Friendship ... is born at the moment when one man says to another "What! You too? I thought that no one but myself . . .
Kendal Rob|Bette Davis lived long enough to hear the Kim Carnes song, 'Bette Davis Eyes'. The lyrics to that song were not very interesting. But the fact of the song was the proof of an acknowledgement that in the twentieth century we lived through an age of immense romantic personalities larger than life, yet models for it, too - for good or ill. Like twin moons, promising a struggle and an embrace, the Davis eyes would survive her - and us. Kim Carnes has hardly had a consistent career, but that one song - sluggish yet surging, druggy and dreamy - became an instant classic. It's like the sigh of the islanders when they behold their Kong. And I suspect it made the real eyes smile, whatever else was on their mind.
James Denton|In this life and death case, I felt Mrs. Schiavo should receive the fullest due process from our legal system.
Stephanie Mills|I believe that if man and woman cherish the same ideals and think alike, then the marriage can be complementary to each other's work instead of being a hindrance.
Lionel Suggs|People won't see Imagination in something that doesn't relate to their experience because of their own mental limitations. I want people to escape the expected and ordinary, to escape the regular expectations of a story, and truly step into a different world of literature.
danah boyd, It's Complicated: The Social Lives of Networked Teens|Teen "addiction" to social media is a new extension of typical human engagement. Their use of social media as their primary site of sociality is most often a byproduct of cultural dynamics that have nothing to do with technology, including parental restrictions and highly scheduled lives. Teens turn to, and are obsessed with whichever environment allows them to connect to friends. most teens aren't addicted to social media; if anything, they're addicted to each other.
Lauren Myracle, Bliss|There is a common language, a mode of consciousness, almost a secret sign which can be read and recognized by all who are similarly engaged. Such realizations help fend off the feeling of isolation which can dog the steps of those who seek the Grail.
Russell M. Nelson|To keep the heart unwrinkled, to be hopeful, kindly, cheerful, reverent that is to triumph over old age.
Fuyumi Soryo, Mars, Volume 15|We're all looking for a peaceful and safe place, but maybe there is no such place. But we keep going no matter what's waiting for us down the road. We don't stop living.
Catherine Greenfeder|That's how life is; we grow, we learn, and sometimes we change. And in every man, there is hope.
Aberjhani, The Wisdom of W.E.B. Du Bois|As life in general constituted much pain in the form of struggles against poverty, disease, ignorance, and emotional anguish, what more civilized way for people to alleviate the same than by giving themselves to one another as brothers and sisters in deed as well as in word? A society of people hoping to become politically superior needed first to become spiritually valid.
Angie karan|You are treading your path of greatness: now it must call up all your courage that there is no longer a path behind you!You are treading your path of greatness: no one shall steal after you here! Your foot itself has extinguished the path behind you, and above that path stands written: Impossibility.
Jacqueline Simon Gunn, In the Long Run: Reflections from the Road|We share that misfortune, reaper...
Mayur Ramgir|Money should not be the motivator in your life, it will only make you slave. Stand for values and you will die in honor.
Walter M. Miller Jr., A Canticle for Leibowitz|After the Guam conference ended, it was reported that Pope Gregory ceased to pray for peace in the world. Two special Masses were sung in the basilica: the Exsurge quare obdormis, Mass against the Heathen, and the Reminiscere, Mass in Time of War; then, the report says His Holiness retired to the mountains to meditate and pray for justice.
Shannon L. Alder|Wow," she said. "It's like you're teaching me something and being all wise.""You are not easy to get along with," Skulduggery said.
Jacky Fleming, The Trouble With Women|Schopenhauer said only men had the total objectivity necessary for genius, and that you only had to look at a woman’s shape to see that she wasn’t intended for much mental or physical work.
Joanna Davidson Politano, Lady Jayne Disappears|He himself set the example, throwing away, with a spectacular gesture, a gold watch, a gold cigarette case, and several golden sovereigns. Naturally, after witnessing this action, which brought home to me at any rate the shifting values in life and the knowledge that there are times when gold can be a liability instead of an asset
Alexander O. Montgomery|And thus I wonder about so many gay men I’ve met since, pillars of the community, out to everyone else but Mom, who still refer to their lovers as something between a roommate and a valet. Just who is being protected here, and who thinks queer is wrong?
Carl Sagan, Contact|How astonishing it is that language can almost mean, and frightening that it does not quite.
Deb Caletti, Stay|Gently Agatha touched her face in the mirror, glowing from inside. A face no one recognized because it was so happy.There could be no turning back now. The bread crumbs on the dark trail were gone. Instead, she had the truth to guide her. A truth greater than any 
Deborah Moggach|America must be the teacher of democracy, not the advertiser of the consumer society. It is unrealistic for the rest of the world to reach the American living standard.
Kamal Ravikant, Live Your Truth|Reach out, share your truth, tell someone, "This is who I am. This is what I stand for. Hold me to it." Often, we'll do far more for another than we will do for ourselves.
Robin Bielman, Blame it on the Kiss|He'd sacrifice even his sanity for her. If it came down to it, he'd let her break his heart.Because he loved her.
Gregory Maguire, Out of Oz|In spite of photographs taken in beer halls or nightclubs showing her cuddling up to some strapping, smirking youth, it seems that the romantic cliché was true: when she met Adolf Hitler, Eva Braun met her destiny
Dave Matthes, Sleepeth Not, the Bastard|The light from his torch painted the barren forest in shades of his own reflection, black-haired, gray-eyed and pale for want of a touch. He pulled his cloak close, unable to determine which made him more uncomfortable: the dreary woods or the new moon settling onto his heart like a cloud of moths.
Kalyan C. Kankanala, Pirates of Bollywood|When you go to sleep, where do you really go?
Sri Aurobindo|Even Diotima and Amheim were shy of using it without a modifier, for it is still possible to speak of having a great, noble, craven, daring, or debased soul, but to come right out with "my soul" is something one simply cannot bring oneself to do. It is distinctly anolder person's word, and this can only be understood by assuming that in the course of life people become more and more aware of something for which they urgently need a name they cannot find until they finally resort, reluctantly, to the name they had originally despised. How to describe it, then? Whether one is at rest or in motion, what matters is not what lies ahead, what one sees, hears, wants, takes, masters. It forms a horizon, a semicircle before one, but the ends of this semicircle are joined by a string, and the plane of this string goes right through·the middle of the world. In front, the face and hands look out of it; sensations and strivings run ahead of it, and no one doubts that whatever one does·is always reasonable, or at least passionate. In other words, outercircumstances call for us to act in a way everyone can understand; and if, in the toils of passion, we do something incomprehensible, that too is, in its own way, understandable.
Elizabeth Hawes, It's Still Spinach|Let's face it -- if I could scrap in a full-length bodysuit, I would.
Patti Smith|I was raised around a lot of artists, musicians, photographers, painters and people that were in theater. Just having the art-communal hippie experience as a child, there wasn't a clear line that was drawn. We celebrated creative experience and creative expression. We didn't try and curtail it and stunt any of that kind of growth.
Stanley Kubrick|Under the thinning fog the surf curled and creamed, almost without sound, like a thought trying to form inself on the edge of consciousness.
Edward L. Bernays, Propaganda|No serious sociologist any longer believes that the voice of the people expresses any divine or specially wise and lofty idea. The voice of the people expresses the mind of the people, and that mind is made up for it by the group leaders in whom it believes and by those persons who understand the manipulation of public opinion. It is composed of inherited prejudices and symbols and cliches and verbal formulas supplied to them by the leaders.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|As a poet there is something about joy I find hard to express, whereas every other emotion is rather simple. For instance, you never feel so bad that you can't describe how bad you feel, but joy on the other hand is far too divine for human language.
George Packer|This malignant persistence since September 11th is the biggest surprise of all. In previous decades, sneak attacks, stock-market crashes, and other great crises became hinges on which American history swung in dramatically new directions. But events on the same scale, or nearly so, no longer seem to have that power; moneyed interests may have become too entrenched, elites too self-seeking, institutions too feeble, and the public too polarized and passive for the country to be shocked into fundamental change.
L.J. Smith|People are supposed to care. It's good that people mean something to you, that you miss people when they're gone.
Miles Franklin, My Brilliant Career|I don't believe there is a God", I said fiercely, "and if there is, He's not the merciful being He's always depicted, or He wouldn't be always torturing me for His own amusement.
Laura Kreitzer, Key of Pearl|Her thoughts pulsated through him, frantic, desperate, pleading for him to stay behind.“I won’t—can’t,” he murmured. “If you’re going, so am I.”She exhaled a laborious sigh and flung her arms around his neck; her warm breath fanned over his skin as she tightened her grip. “If you die, Andrew, I’ll track you across multiple dimensions just to say I warned you,” she cautioned, voice tender.
Ken Puddicombe|What's the rush? Recognise that with the time at our disposal, there is only a limited number of good books you can read, a few really good movies worth seeing, and a finite number of hours, days, years to enjoy them!
Shannon Huffman Polson, North of Hope: A Daughter's Arctic Journey|There is no greater intimacy than sitting with someone traversing that tenuous boundary between worlds, sitting vigil with a spirit trembling on the border, reaching toward the new and releasing the old.
Clifford Cohen|When someone does a professional favor for you, send a handwritten note. You must send a written note to a mentor or sponsor when she helps you. Perhaps even a gift. And here’s a great tip from Archambeau: When you take someone’s advice, let her know it and how it worked out. So few people ever do that.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Dark Bites|You want to grab something here, Brycin?” he asked, bending over again. Um . . . yeah. Your ass.
Emmeline Pankhurst|The coolest thing, and I have it at home, is a huge Hulk Hogan, normal-sized pinball machine. When people come over they play it for hours. When you hit the bumpers and the bells ring it goes, 'Oh yeah!' The whole time you're playing this machine it's yelling and screaming at you, 'What you gonna do, brother?!' I think that's the coolest.
Robert Kiyosaki|My dad seemed comfortable with his decision to be a 'have-not,' but I knew that I wasn't.
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|Sir, I had rather be right than to be President.
Simon Van Booy, The Secret Lives of People in Love|When a person is loved, they are granted the strength of all seas.
Belle de Jour|In a world of twelve-years-olds in sexy boots and nans in sparkly mini-dresses, the surest way to tell the prostitute walking into a hotel at Heathrow is to look for the lady in the designer suit.
Chelsea Kane|It seems likely that many of the young who don't wait for others to call them artists, but simply announce that they are, don't have the patience to make art.
Sophie Page, To Marry a Prince|God, this is why I can never live with women. They go off into corners and think, maybe it’s this, maybe it’s that. Ask, woman. Ask.
Raphael Zernoff|Being more self-aware means welcoming more light into a dull life. After the light is let in to our self-perceptions, we immediately realise that it always has been there, yet we created an illusion of darkness.
Arthur Rackham|Like the sundial, my paint box counts no hours but sunny ones.
Linda Bender, Animal Wisdom: Learning from the Spiritual Lives of Animals|Most of us are used to thinking that “imaginary” is the opposite of “real.” That is, when we imagine things, we are just making them up. In the spiritual life, though, there are some realities that cannot manifest unless we begin by imagining them.
Selma Blair|The magic in performing as an entertaining ventriloquist happens when the characters come to life and the interaction between the separate personalities on stage becomes 'real.' Then don't forget that the act has to be funny, and to me, being funny and entertaining any given audience is more important than anything.
Lee Iacocca|God grants liberty only to those who love it, and are always ready to guard and defend it.
Abhijit V. Banerjee, Poor Economics: A Radical Rethinking of the Way to Fight Global Poverty|In my experience, the content strategist is a rare breed who's often willing and able to embrace whatever role is necessary to deliver on the promise of useful, useable content.
Anthony Liccione|When I doubt that I exist, I pinch myself.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Perhaps it's true that all men love their fathers, no matter how terrible the things they do to their sons: there is a part of us that remains forever in debt to those responsible for our existence.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|Beware some people are just talking to you to gain information to use against you. Be careful with what you say around others because it may not be understood the way you expected. There are those who are waiting for the opportunity to spread rumors. And, with only a few words your life has been turned into a soap opera.
Stefan Zweig, The Burning Secret and other stories|The strength of a love is always misjudged if we evaluate it by its immediate cause and not the stress that went before it, the dark and hollow space full of disappointment and loneliness that precedes all the great events in the heart's history.
Konstantin Stanislavski|When a mad man found some certain way to express his insanity in original way, he would get promoted to be called an Artist.... Wait, are you talking about me?
Honoré de Balzac, Père Goriot|Is there any instinct more deeply implanted in the heart of man than the pride of protection, a protection which is constantly exerted for a fragile and defenceless creature?
Joseph Campbell|A myth is something that has never happened, but is happening all the time.
Carlos Wallace, Life Is Not Complicated-You Are: Turning Your Biggest Disappointments Into Your Greatest Blessings|If you have the desire, passion and enthusiasm to do something, nothing in the world will stop you.
George Calleja, The Light|If one examines his life sincerely, one will understand whether he is truly living in ‘The Light’.
Drexel Deal, The Fight of My Life is Wrapped Up in My Father|Sam was staring at Claire with about the same amazement as his brother had shown. Claire didn’t seem to realize it, or else she was too preoccupied to think of it, but she was the second thunderbolt that had fallen on this long-hidebound household in as many days. First one of the hated race of doctors had been shoehorned in on them as the only thing that might get them out of an already nightmarish situation, and now this matter-of-fact slip of a girl had pushed into it of her own accord. They must have felt like the world was coming down around their ears.
Maureen Dowd|The sounds of silence are a dim recollection now, like mystery, privacy and paying attention to one thing — or one person — at a time.
Santosh Kalwar|Every beginning has an end and every end has a new beginning, don't worry, broken soul, life will one day come to an end. 
Franbunny Alice Viera|When we stop pursuing God`s purpose, our gifts and talent are misdirected.
Clyde Brion Davis, The Great American Novel|In the grounds of the château was a church said to date from the year 1000, and he went to look at it, but he had never really understood what people saw in old churches.
Jean-Yves Leloup, Compassion and Meditation: The Spiritual Dynamic between Buddhism and Christianity|If you are a Buddhist, inspire yourself by thinking of the bodhisattva. If you are a Christian, think of the Christ, who came not to be served by others but to serve them in joy, in peace, and in generosity. For these things, these are not mere words, but acts, which go all the way, right up to their last breath. Even their death is a gift, and resurrection is born from this kind of death. (157)
Tonny K. Brown|The man who has no imagination,has no wing
Chuck Klosterman, Sex, Drugs, and Cocoa Puffs: A Low Culture Manifesto|But whenever I meet dynamic, nonretarded Americans, I notice that they all seem to share a single unifying characteristic: the inability to experience the kind of mind-blowing, transcendent romantic relationship they perceive to be a normal part of living. And someone needs to take the fall for this. So instead of blaming no one for this (which is kind of cowardly) or blaming everyone (which is kind of meaningless), I'm going to blame John Cusack.
Salman Rushdie, The Satanic Verses|A book is a product of a pact with the Devil that inverts the Faustian contract, he'd told Allie. Dr Faustus sacrificed eternity in return for two dozen years of power; the writer agrees to the ruination of his life, and gains (but only if he's lucky) maybe not eternity, but posterity, at least. Either way (this was Jumpy's point) it's the Devil who wins.
Cat Clarke, Undone|There are four kinds of readers. The first is like the hourglass; and their reading being as the sand, it runs in and runs out, and leaves not a vestige behind. A second is like the sponge, which imbibes everything, and returns it in nearly the same state, only a little dirtier. A third is like a jelly bag, allowing all that is pure to pass away, and retaining only the refuse and dregs. And the fourth is like the slaves in the diamond mines of Golconda, who, casting aside all that is worthless, retain only pure gems.
Gail Carriger, Soulless|Great, Alexia thought, I have gone from soul sucker to electrical ground. The epithets just get sweeter and sweeter.
Linda Thompson|I hope that in this year to come, you make mistakes. Because if you are making mistakes, then you are making new things, trying new things, learning, living, pushing yourself, changing yourself, changing your world. You're doing things you've never done before, and more importantly, you're doing something.
Elizabeth Brooks|I have a horrid scar right under my left knee from you. Well, the absence of you. Seems appropriate. But I still miss you. My pillowcase smells like you, so I bury my face in it and breathe it in. Things feel empty. My couch, my living room, my heart. I see pictures of things. Silly things, beautiful things, and I want to share them with you. But alas, I cannot, I do not, I press the red button when you call.
Thomas Pierce, Hall of Small Mammals: Stories|Of the animals I saw, I could write volumes. All were wild; for the Great Race's mechanised culture had long since done away with domestic beasts, while food was wholly vegetable or synthetic.
Malti Bhojwani, Don't Think Of a Blue Ball|Whenever I feel ‘less of myself’, or as if I am not as productive as I can be, or abundance is not flowing into my life, or I am not laughing and smiling as much, or my relationships seem stuck and difficult, it is an indication that I am losing that connection. It is like being in a ‘bad service area’ where calls drop out.
Bijou Hunter, Damaged and the Cobra|I give her my best smile. Before the alien Armageddon happened, I was known for my smile. Not bragging too much, but I had to be careful never to smile while I drove. It had the capacity to blind oncoming traffic. But it has absolutely no effect on Ringer. She doesn't squint in its overwhelming luminescence. She doesn't even blink.
Jack Kornfield, A Path with Heart: A Guide Through the Perils and Promises of Spiritual Life|We seldom make logical mistakes, but often have mistaken logics.
Jim George, A Man After God's Own Heart Devotional|When your prayers aren’t answered immediately, sometimes God has a different—or better—plan.
B.A. Gabrielle|Wishful thinking isn't particularly bad. Without it, how would you paint happy ideas inside your mind? Don't be so cynical.
David Z. Albert|This human body is the greatest body in the universe, and a human being the greatest being. Man is higher than all animals, than all angels; none is greater than man. Even the Devas (gods) will have to come down again and attain to salvation through a human body. Man alone attains to perfection, not even the Devas.
Florence Nightingale|Do stuff. Be clenched, curious. Not waiting for inspiration's shove or society's kiss on your forehead.
William Shakespeare, Measure for Measure|And for Peter... well, sometimes cruelty is kindness in disguise. Sometimes pain is the best teacher. Sometimes it does you no harm to realize that there's a limit to what you can get away with.
Jennifer Frick-Ruppert, Spirit Quest|We judge one another by our outward actions, but in the motive underlying those actions our judgment may be widely at fault. Preoccupied by our own private interpretation of the matter, we can see only the one possible motive behind the action, so that our solution may be quite plausible, quite coherent, and quite wrong. - Dorothy L. Sayers, Introduction, Pg. 4
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|God never said that you will live an average or unfulfilled life. You and the people who programmed your mind ‘assumed’ your worth, ability and deservingness. You have the same brains and ability like the most successful ones have. Only the circumstances are different and I can assure you that your circumstances are not the worst.
Carl Rogers|Hearing has consequences. When I truly hear a person and the meanings that are important to him at that moment, hearing not simply his words, but him, and when I let him know that I have heard his own private personal meanings, many things happen. There is first of all a grateful look. He feels released. He wants to tell me more about his world. He surges forth in a new sense of freedom. He becomes more open to the process of change. I have often noticed that the more deeply I hear the meanings of the person, the more there is that happens. Almost always, when a person realize he has been deeply heard, his eyes moisten. I think in some real sense he is weeping for joy. It is as though he were saying, "Thank God, somebody heard me. Someone knows what it's like to be me.
Tara Kelly, Encore|If only I could	freeze this moment, this feeling, because right	now, nothing else mattered. I was f***ing flying.
Daphne du Maurier, Myself When Young|Tears flow and smiles fade to the same rhythm of life, to disappear together in the bottomless abyss.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|You release the pain of the past and press on. It's a new day, and God is doing a new thing. He wants to take you to a new place, to transform you into a new person.
Colleen Atwood|The reward is that you can actually create a world separate from reality with a story, actors, music, and camera design. When it works it can entertain, move people and teach us all.
Tony Kushner, Angels in America, Part Two: Perestroika|The best author is a dead author, because he's out of your way and you own the play. Take what he has given you and use it for what you need.
Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights|But you might as well bid a man struggling in the water, rest within arm's length of the shore! I must reach it first, and then I'll rest.
Sue Monk Kidd, The Secret Life of Bees|In flight from intellectual heaviness, [he] arrives at intelligent weightlessness. Every notion is flipped this way and that; the answer to every question is yes and no; the proliferating examples from all the arts...overwhelm the observations that they are designed to illustrate; the general impression in one of uncontrollable articulateness. [He] does not think his thoughts; he convenes them. There is not a sign of struggle anywhere.
Sri Mulyani Indrawati|Others have said it before me. If you don't have a seat at the table, you're probably on the menu. And so it is important that we have women in the United States Senate - strong women, women who are there to help advance an agenda that is important to women.
Wayne Gerard Trotman, Veterans of the Psychic Wars|The voice of love calls to you, my son.
Anthea Syrokou, Eventually Julie|You don't have to live in a mansion to be happy. All you need is to create the right space; something that says this is who you are, and you can always change who you are, just as you change your environment.
Alexandra Kleeman, Intimations: Stories|The devil sweeps people away by deceiving them, showing them a happy life only in the movies
Michael J. Behe|Random mutations much more easily debilitate genes than improve them, and that this is true even of the helpful mutations. Let me emphasize, our experience with malaria’s effects on humans (arguably our most highly studied genetic system) shows that most helpful mutations degrade genes. What’s more, as a group the mutations are incoherent, meaning that they are not adding up to some new system. They are just small changes - mostly degradative - in pre-existing, unrelated genes. The take-home lesson is that this is certainly not the kind of process we would expect to build the astonishingly elegant machinery of the cell. If random mutation plus selective pressure substantially trashes the human genome, why should we think that it would be a constructive force in the long term? There is no reason to think so.
Kaitlyn Greenidge, We Love You, Charlie Freeman|I missed my one true friend, my mother. She and I were close in a way I don't think many other mothers and daughters were. I slept beside her every night of my childhood: so near to her back, I could probably sketch the constellation of moles and freckles on her skin there. When I was a very little girl, every morning I would wake before her and arrange myself so that when she woke, we were eye-to-eye. I miss her, with a never-ending ache that I did not think was possible, that crowds out any other feeling and certainly all reason, and any good sense.
J.R. Ward, Lover Eternal|Clary- "How to Come Out to Your Parents," she read out loud. "LUKE. Don't be ridiculous. Simon's not gay, he's a vampire.
Erica Goros, The Daisy Chain|College was to teach me that I was one of life's journeymen, eager to excel but lacking the requisite gifts.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|He was nine years old; he was a child; he he knew his own soul, it was precious to him, he guarded it as the eyelid guards the eye, and without the key of love he let no one into his soul.
Janet Evanovich, Notorious Nineteen|Helpfiles are traditionally outnumbered by no-help files, which superficially resemble a helpfile in form but not in content because they don't actually tell you anything you don't already know, or they answer every question except the one you're asking, or you open them and a giant animated paper clip leaps out and cheerfully asks where you want to go today. And wikis are worse.
Lee Ellis, Leading With Honor: Leadership Lessons from the Hanoi Hilton|To guard our character with unwavering commitment, our best protection comes from being humbly aware of our vulnerability.
Susan B. Anthony|We are braver and wiser because they existed, those strong women and strong men... We are who we are because they were who they were. It's wise to know where you come from, who called your name.
Hanya Yanagihara|I was born to be married. I just feel comfortable there. I love the idea of being partnered for ever. I love my girlfriend, we've been best friends since I was 18. There's not a thing we haven't been through except for marriage... We've had talks about what we would name our kids since we were in our 20s.
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|I was delighted to see you again, and forgot for the moment that all happiness is fleeting.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|Assuming you are still lost in thought about when exactly you should forgive someone, well the time is NOW.
Petra Hermans|Why are we so afraid of silence? Teenagers cannot study without their records; they walk along the street with their transistors. Grownups are as bad if not worse; we turn on the TV or the radio the minute we come into the house or start the car. The pollution of noise in our cities is as destructive as the pollution of air. We show our fear of silence in our conversation: I wonder if the orally-minded Elizabethan's used "um" and "er" the way we do? And increasingly prevalent is what my husband calls an articulated pause: "You know." We interject "you know" meaninglessly into every sentence, in order that the flow of our speech should not be interrupted by such a terrifying thing as silence.
Toni Sorenson|Once you are aware that you have a weak spot you can begin to strengthen it, work on it, and finally turn it into a stronghold. But nothing can happen until you become aware.
Robert M. Drake|Maybe what this is. What we have, is something that will save us from ourselves.
Francis Bacon, The Advancement Of Learning|Is harmony one note that everybody is singing? Or is it a whole lot of notes that are in vibrational harmony with each other? when you give your attention to anything the Universe responds to it. When two of you are giving your attention to it, and there is no contradiction, it is a powerful vortex. That's why a gathering such as this can achieve a great deal as you come together in greater and greater harmony and take thought beyond that which it has been before.
Harley King|What was it Like?""What was what like?" he said, although he knew."Quick, I imagine. But you must have perceived something. A split second of vanishing awareness. A grasping at a shrinking light." "It was like being fucked in the brain.
William C. Hannan|Sometimes, all you can dois lie in bed,and hope to fall asleep beforeyou fall apart.
Kristin Walker, A Match Made in High School|And I’m sorry,” Big Earrings said, “But how is some course going to teach them how marriage works? I’ve been married three times, and I haven’t figured it out yet.” She snorted. “I figured out how to call a lawyer, though.
Jim George, A Husband After God's Own Heart|Our wives, our families, and our churches need godly men who have discernment--discernment to deal with life and life-issues on a spiritual level.
Alan Heathcock, Volt|No matter what you say, or how much you talk, someone isn’t really forgiven until you can stand beside them without wanting to slap them in the face.
Shel Silverstein|If you are a dreamer, come in,If you are a dreamer, a wisher, a liar,A hope-er, a pray-er, a magic bean buyer...If you're a pretender, come sit by my fireFor we have some flax-golden tales to spin. Come in!Come in!
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Patience is an unfailing remedy for friction in personal relations. Even if a person has never won a beauty contest, has no money in the bank, can't even change a flat tire, if he or she has inexhaustible patience, then we will find that life with such a person will never grow stale.
George R.R. Martin, Dreamsongs, Volume II|Under the blanket the outline of her body was slender and displayed a certain innocence, a precious quality far more significant than the elegance of her form. She seemed to radiate kindness and essential goodness, and Darby, trying to measure the value of her, told himself it was immeasurable.
G.H. Hardy, A Mathematician's Apology|A mathematician, like a painter or a poet, is a maker of patterns. If his patterns are more permanent than their, it is because they are made with ideas.
Rowan Speedwell, Illumination|I say that the true artist-seer, the heavenly fool who can and does produce beauty, is mainly dazzled to death by his own scruples, the blinding shapes and colors of his own sacred human consciousness.
Tom Brokaw, A Lucky Life Interrupted: A Memoir of Hope|According to accepted newspaper clichés, we all go down fighting. The other day I even read that an 18-month-old baby had died after a long battle with cancer. That has become the mandatory phrase for all who expire, disease-ridden. They battled valiantly; they lost. When I finally depart I hope somebody will write, instead, that I died after a long battle with life.
Penny Marshall|I figured out it was a social thing, what women were allowed to do. At a very young age, I decided I was not going to follow women's rules.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|...people will come to love their oppression, to adore the technologies that undo their capacities to think.
Bruce Sterling|I think people should have the legal right to hurt themselves without fearing that they're going to get locked up for doing so. But on a personal level, if someone I loved was hurting himself or herself in front of me, I would, of course, try to restrain them.
Robin Jarvis, The Oaken Throne|Yours is a true heart, Vespertilio. Beware of it, for it is surely too large for thy chest to contain.
Terry Spear, The Ancient Fae|You’ve never had someone you love snatched,” I shot back, annoyed by her ignorance. “Any sense of safety kind of bites it after that. You watch your back because no one else can.
Jessica Khoury, Origin|We are nothing without them, our scars and our blemishes. Take away our delusional smiles if you must, snatch away our illusory happiness if you must, but please leave us our flaws for we do not wish to exist without them.
Barbra Annino, Emerald Isle|He's throwing everything he can into the air on the chance that something might take flight. And we're the smallest, weakest bird.
Shia LaBeouf|There is no need to worry about mere size. We do not necessarily respect a fat man more than a thin man. Sir Isaac Newton was very much smaller than a hippopotamus, but we do not on that account value him less.
Jacqueline Simon Gunn|You should only fall in love with someonewhose arms are open, and strong enough to catch you.
Nikki Rowe|Be a woman of confidence, not cockiness. Know your boundaries, set no limits. Speak your kindness and turn your back to conformed groups. The only way to be a woman of change in this world, is to walk what you talk and set your own soul free first.
Donna Goddard, Love's Longing|More than nakedness,for there is no cover to take.The fire in your eyesis ringed with water; wide and cool.We are far from the brutal place,but you do not think so.You take my hand and disappear like you were never there, except that I am now somewhere else.
Bernard Cornwell, The Archer's Tale|You'll call me a damned Jew, a Christ murderer, a secret worshipper of pigs and a kidnapper of christian children.” This was all said cheerfully. “How absurd! Who would want to kidnap children, Christian or otherwise? Vile things. The only mercy of children is that they grow up, as my son has but then, tragically, they beget more children. We do not learn life's lessons.
Bill Goldberg|It's great to make your own choices, but there's a price to pay. I could've made more money or been more famous. I could be the current groovy guy.
Ryūnosuke Akutagawa, Hell Screen|Seasons of the heart. To get through what I must I'm often encased in ice and for months he chips away until he can see my face and after a while, I begin to thaw. As warmth and feeling returns, my emotions continue to build until my personality is set on fire. When he leaves, the fire dwindles until there is but a flicker. Then there is stillness and winter returns.
Derek Walcott, Ti-Jean and His Brothers|Truth and falsehood pass through the same lips and leave no mark, the devil does not cease to be the devil just because he may have spoken the truth.
Derric Yuh Ndim|The difference between successful and unsuccessful people isn’t really aboutresources that were available to them when they started out, Instead its their resourcefulness or personal initiative that makes the difference.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Neither the devil nor the world, nor even our own evil heart can compel us to sin. It must be by our own consent and will.
Rachel Caine, Midnight Alley|Sweet, sweet burn of sun and summer wind, and you my friend, my new fun thing, my summer fling.
Donald Miller, Searching for God Knows What|(The monks) approach was far less narcissistic and our tends to be. Their goal when reading Scripture was to see Christ in every verse, and not a mirror image of themselves.
Mario Vargas Llosa|In regard to the so-called social contract, I have often had occasion to protest that I haven't even seen the contract, much less been asked to consent to it. A valid contract requires voluntary offer, acceptance, and consideration. I've never received an offer from my rulers, so I certainly have not accepted one; and rather than consideration, I have received nothing but contempt from the rulers, who, notwithstanding the absence of any agreement, have indubitably threatened me with grave harm in the event that I fail to comply with their edicts.
Terry Brooks, The Elf Queen of Shannara|But, as Einstein once said, “For we convinced physicists, the distinction between past, present, and future is only an illusion, however persistent.”5
Becca Fitzpatrick, Hush, Hush|Humans are vulnerable, because they’re capable of being hurt.
Cecilia Grant, A Lady Awakened|He grinned. It was the sort of grin that Agnes supposed was called infectious but, then, so was measles.
Lili Simmons|This is actually something no one knows, but my mom was really the one who created the entire style for 'Teen Witch.' I'm dead serious.
William S. Burroughs, The Cat Inside|Did I ever tell you my pet peeve?'No,' I said.People who dress up their pets to look like Little Lord Fauntleroys or cowboys, clowns, ballerinas. As if it's not enough just to be a dog or cat or turtle.
Psyche Roxas-Mendoza|To forgive, you must love the world and everything in it. Anything less is hypocrisy.
Michael Joling|I was on a path, and I became determined to give it everything I had — no matter what.
John Updike, Rabbit, Run|Despair is so familiar to me; it could be banished by the sight of a beautiful mannekin in the window. It could be dispelled by the lights surrounding a tower. It would be lifted by the great ghostly shape of St. Patrick's coming into view. And then despair would come again. Meaningless, I almost said, aloud.
Claire Messud, The Woman Upstairs|Angry obsessive thoughts about another weaken your state of mind and well being. If you must have revenge, then take it by choosing to be happy and let them go forever.
Rosanna Pansino|I researched children's rights, divorce law, and parental kidnapping. Millions of children and parents are touched by the inadequacy of the legal system to deal with the human heart.
Michael Chrobak, Foundations of Faith|The deeper the feelings of unworthiness dug into his heart, the darker the room became. It spread from the outside in, growing darker and moreominous with each new thought. He feared it would swallow him whole.
Willie Nelson|The black market was a way of getting around government controls. It was a way of enabling the free market to work. It was a way of opening up, enabling people.
Neil Gaiman|Life is always going to be stranger than fiction, because fiction has to be convincing, and life doesn't.
Neal Shusterman, Dread Locks|On my fifteenth birthday, I came to realize that the expression spoiled rotten meant exactly that. We kids were the apples of our parents' eyes, and I, for one, was rotting from inside out.
The Velominati, The Rules: The Way of the Cycling Disciple|Enduring means accepting. Accepting things as they are and not as you would wish them to be, and then looking ahead, not behind.
Aditi Shankardass|The problem of chemotherapy of bacterial infections could be solved neither by the experimental medical research worker nor by the chemist alone, but only by the two together working in very close cooperation over many years.
Zinedine Zidane|I have very high standards for every part of life - my work, my relationships, food, love. I can't just pretend.
Periyar E.V. Ramasamy|He wasn’t the best coder or the most introspective human being, and you must know that it takes the best coder and the most human human to produce the best droid in this age. (Douglas Parsley
Kellyn Roth, The Dressmaker's Secret|I love Alice more than life itself, but I can't keep her hidden forever.
Joseph Whitson, As Glaciers Move: Selected Poems and Prose Presenting a Progression of Perceptions|In the face of a disaster, do you believe strongly enough in humanity to expend your life to save the lives of others you do not even know?
ngr|rational of whatever is happening all around came together in a train of light which, when it traverse in return, is the pervasive expression of one's own mind
Georgi Vladimov, Faithful Ruslan|What mattered were individual relationships, and a completely helpless gesture, an embrace, a tear, a word spoken to a dying man, could have value in itself. Proles, it suddenly occurred to him, had remained in this condition. They were not loyal to a party or a country or an idea, they were loyal to one another.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Lord of the Rings|They say the best things in life are free, and they are if you can afford them.
Joel Osteen|When I cook for my family on Christmas, I make feijoada, a South American dish of roasted and smoked meats like ham, pork, beef, lamb, and bacon - all served with black beans and rice. It's festive but different.
Michael Reagan|Since I stayed in a colony where either one was an engineer or a scientist, everybody thought I would be a scientist. This was the expectation everybody had apart from my parents. Honestly, I, too, wanted to be a scientist. I think it was the way Dad would explain us scientific theories and concepts that made the subject more intriguing.
Tony Bates|Every month I do a webcast for 55,000 people, and it's a great tool, great communication vehicle.
Leif Enger, Peace Like a River|Having kids - the responsibility of rearing good, kind, ethical, responsible human beings - is the biggest job anyone can embark on. As with any risk, you have to take a leap of faith and ask lots of wonderful people for their help and guidance. I thank God every day for giving me the opportunity to parent.
Georgette Heyer, These Old Shades|To have a viable civilization, people have to have a benign government, a semblance of education, spare time, imagination, and manners
Steven Wright|I don't feel that I'm explaining the world or teaching people anything. And I'm not trying to be a mirror, showing them what's really going on the world. All I'm trying to do is think of stuff that's funny, just like when I'm kidding around with my friends.
Lloyd Alexander|I did not come into this Army to serve one man, to serve a friend.
Jeff Buckley|Were there no contrariety of interests, nothing would be more simple and easy than to form and preserve free institutions. The right of suffrage alone would be a sufficient guarantee. It is the conflict of opposing interests which renders it the most difficult work of man.
Anna Banks, Of Poseidon|Basically, everyone thinks--knows--how sweet I am.Emma, you threw my sister through hurricane-proof glass.
E. B. White|Worry never climbed a hill  worry never paid a bill  Worry never dried a tear  worry never calmed a fear  Worry never darned a heel  worry never cooked a meal  It never led a horse to water  nor ever did a thing it "oughter."
David Agranoff, Amazing Punk Stories|Oh, "Tanstaafl." Means "There ain't no such thing as a free lunch." And isn't,' I added, pointing to a FREE LUNCH sign across room, 'or these drinks would cost half as much. Was reminding her that anything free costs twice as much in long run or turns out worthless.
Joe Gores|May the words come easy, the doubt be weak, and the coffee strong enough to eat through steel. (I don't drink coffee...but I understand most authors do, and they like it with a bit of fight in it.) Now, let us boot up, sit down, and accrue those daily page counts!
Lauren Beukes, Moxyland|Visibility limits your imagination of the ocean only as far as you can see, ten metres, fifteen at a stretch. But it's only in the utter black that you can feel the true scale, the volume and weight of that gaping unknowable drift between continents.
Jamie Zeppa, Beyond the Sky and the Earth: A Journey into Bhutan|This is my favorite part of the day. “Good morning, Class Two C,” I say. The entire class leaps up and sings out, “Good morning, miss!” Twenty-three faces are smiling at me. Sometimes they shout it with so much conviction that I laugh.
H.G. Wells, The Wonderful Visit|And that reminds me, Mama! I have just intercepted another of that puppy’s floral offerings to my sister. This billet was attached to it.” (Charles)
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead|Some girls had mothers who never called them beautiful but swore their love up and down. It's all the same, really. All bullshit.
Debasish Mridha|When you want to change the world, have you changed yourself lately?
Anne McCaffrey, Dragon Harper|Harper, treat your words with careFor they may cause joy or despairSing your songs of health and loveOf dragons flaming from above
Holly Hood, Prison of Paradise|If we became a pal to what scared us the most, we could find a simple way to ease all that bothered us, we would find peace, peace that we could live with.
Marissa Jaret Winokur|I would never recommend going on a crash diet. Drastically reducing your calorie intake can cause numerous problems, and your body will store fat because you have sent it into starvation mode. I eat every two hours to maintain my blood sugar levels.
Christopher Kremmer, The Carpet Wars: From Kabul to Baghdad: A Ten-Year Journey Along Ancient Trade Routes|From the pleasure podium of Ali Qapu, beyond the enhanced enclosure, the city spread itself towards the horizon. Ugly buildings are prohibited in Esfahan. They go to Tehran or stay in Mashhad. Planters vie with planners to outnumber buildings with trees. Attracting nightingales, blackbirds and orioles is considered as important as attracting people. Maples line the canals, reaching towards each other with branches linked. Beneath them, people meander, stroll and promenade. The Safavids' high standards generated a kind of architectural pole-vaulting competition in which beauty is the bar, and ever since the Persians have been imbuing the most mundane objects with design. Turquoise tiles ennoble even power stations.In the meadow in the middle of Naghshe Jahan, as lovers strolled or rode in horse-drawn traps, I lay on my back picking four-leafed clovers and looking at the sky. There was an intimacy about its grandeur, like having someone famous in your family. The life of centuries past was more alive here than anywhere else, its physical dimensions unchanged. Even the brutal mountains, folded in light and shadows beyond the square, stood back in awe of it. At three o'clock, the tiled domes soaked up the sunshine, transforming its invisible colours to their own hue, and the gushing fountains ventilated the breeze and passed it on to grateful Esfahanis. But above all was the soaring sky, captured by this snare of arches.(p378)
Melissa Marr, Graveminder|Do you remember those days? Back porch, sunshine, mason jars" - she paused at remembered sweetness - "we were so foolish then...thinking there was a big ol' world out there to conquer.
Sean Bean|I wrapped my Christmas presents early this year, but I used the wrong paper. See, the paper I used said 'Happy Birthday' on it. I didn't want to waste it so I just wrote 'Jesus' on it.
Wes Anderson|I was striving to be the most muscular man, and it got me into the movies. It got me everything that I have.
Katie Ganshert, Wildflowers from Winter|Heat in her birds of prey fingertips, smoke of gilded flowers in her aureate gorging hair.
Patrick Henry|Is life so dear, or peace so sweet, as to be purchased at the price of chains and slavery? Forbid it, Almighty God! I know not what course others may take; but as for me, give me liberty or give me death!
Kelley Armstrong, The Awakening|Simon whispered to me, “But is everything okay?”“No,” Tori said. “I kidnapped her and forced her to escape with me. I’ve been using her as a human shield against those guys with guns, and I was just about to strangle her and leave her body here to throw them off my trail. But then you showed up and foiled my evil plans. Lucky for you, though. You get to rescue poor little Chloe again and win her undying gratitude.”“Undying gratitude?” Simon looked at me. “Cool. Does that come with eternal servitude? If so, I like my eggs sunnyside up.”I smiled. “I’ll remember that.”***“Oh, right. You must be starving.” Simon reached into his pockets. “I can offer one bruised apple and one brown banana. Convenience stores aren’t the place to buy fruit, as I keep telling someone.”“Better than these. For you, anyway, Simon.” Derek passed a bar to Tori.“Because you aren’t supposed to have those, are you?” I said. “Which reminds me…” I took out the insulin. “Derek said it’s your backup.”“So my dark secret is out.”“I didn’t know it was a secret.”“Not really. Just not something I advertise.”...“Backup?” Tori said. “You mean he didn’t need that?”“Apparently not,” I murmured.Simon looked from her to me, confused, then understanding. “You guys thought…”“That if you didn’t get your medicine in the next twenty-four hours, you’d be dead?” I said. “Not exactly, but close. You know, the old ‘upping the ante with a fatal disease that needs medication’ twist. Apparently, it still works.”“Kind of a letdown, then, huh?”“No kidding. Here we were, expecting to find you minutes from death. Look at you, not even gasping.”“All right, then. Emergency medical situation, take two.”He leaped to his feet, staggered, keeled over, then lifted his head weakly.“Chloe? Is that you?” He coughed. “Do you have my insulin?”I placed it in his outstretched hand.“You saved my life,” he said. “How can I ever repay you?”“Undying servitude sounds good. I like my eggs scrambled.”He held up a piece of fruit. “Would you settle for a bruised apple?”I laughed.
Paul Hawken|It is clearly better that property should be private, but the use of it common; and the special business of the legislator is to create in men this benevolent disposition.
Mimi Kennedy|The building art is, in reality, always the spatial execution of spiritual decisions. It is bound to its times and manifests itself only in addressing vital tasks with the means of its times. A knowledge of the times, its tasks, and its means is the necessary precondition of work in the building art.
Stephen Tootle|Benjamin Franklin was a real tomcat, no woman was safe from his lightening bolt
Jen Turano, A Most Peculiar Circumstance|The second rule of improvisation is not only to say yes, but YES, AND. You are supposed to agree and then _add something of your own._ If I start a scene with 'I can't believe it's so hot in here,' and you just say, 'Yeah...' we're kind of at a stand-still. But if I say, 'I can't believe it's so hot in here,' and you say, 'What did you expect? We're in hell.' Or if I say, 'I can't believe it's so hot in here,' and you say, 'Yes, this can't be good for the wax figures.' Or if I say, 'I can't believe it's so hot in here,' and you say, 'I told you we shouldn't have crawled into this dog's mouth,' now we're getting somewhere.
Thomas Carlyle|Each religion, by the help of more or less myth, which it takes more or less seriously, proposes some method of fortifying the human soul and enabling it to make its peace with its destiny.
J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye|TO BE HAPPY WITH LIFE AND TO PROGRESS Choose a work 0f your likingChoose the friends you trust and can help in crisis Choose a Book that can enlighten you, and awaken your wisdomChoose a Job where you can do justice for the purpose you are assigned Ignore the people who manipulate the mattersIgnore the world when they do not realise your talentsIgnore the people acting as they possess great talentsHowever you are more successful when we try to listen to everyone to know the depth of ignorance in this world Never forget to live with new ideas and creativity this is what the world thinks as progress.Dr.T.V.Rao MD
John Steinbeck|You look at love, and especially woman, as something hostile, something against which you put up a defense, even if unsuccessfully. You feel that their power over you gives you a sensation of pleasurable torture, of pungent cruelty. This is a genuinely modern point of view.
Catherine Carrigan, Unlimited Intuition NOW|Just by asking for your one next step you can give yourself permission to be divinely led to the people, places and resources that will allow you to move forward.
Octavia E. Butler, Parable of the Sower|Our strongest gifts are usually those we are barely aware of possessing. They are a part of our God-given nature, with us from the moment we drew first breath, and we are no more conscious of having them them than we are of breathing.
Ross Wetzsteon, Republic of Dreams: Greenwich Village: The American Bohemia 1910-1960|There is only one thing left for you to do,” John Sloan advised one artist. “Pull off your socks and try with your feet.
Carine Roitfeld|If a person gets his attitude toward money straight, it will help straighten out almost every other area in his life.
Julian Assange|Every time we witness an injustice and do not act, we train our character to be passive in its presence and thereby eventually lose all ability to defend ourselves and those we love.
Edward Hirsch|When I taught at the University of Houston in the Creative Writing program, we required the poets to take workshops in fiction writing, and we required the fiction writers to take workshops in poetry.
Eugie Foster, The Storyteller's Wife|Know, Goodwife, that Faerie is shaped by storytellers. Their fantasies, their dreams give my realm life. We were dying, all of us, from the smallest nixie to highborn sidhe, for want of a storyteller.
Allison Schroeder|How well I walk my talk, and not talk my talk, determines the quality of my engagement, of all my experience with what is quite personally my God. I'm my greatest teacher, and within me, I have the power to push myself deeper and higher.
Phoebe Stone, The Boy on Cinnamon Street|I am told many children block out the memory of trauma. In fact, the healing process can only truly begin when we are willing to remember.
Stefan Molyneux|From time to time our national history has been marred by forgetfulness of the Jeffersonian principle that restraint is at the heart of liberty. In 1789 the Federalists adopted Alien and Sedition Acts in a shabby political effort to isolate the Republic from the world and to punish political criticism as seditious libel. In 1865 the Radical Republicans sought to snare private conscience in a web of oaths and affirmations of loyalty. Spokesmen for the South did service for the Nation in resisting the petty tyranny of distrustful vengeance. In the 1920's the Attorney General of the United States degraded his office by hunting political radicals as if they were Salem witches. The Nation's only gain from his efforts were the classic dissents of Holmes and Brandeis.In our own times, the old blunt instruments have again been put to work. The States have followed in the footsteps of the Federalists and have put Alien and Sedition Acts upon their statute books. An epidemic of loyalty oaths has spread across the Nation until no town or village seems to feel secure until its servants have purged themselves of all suspicion of non-conformity by swearing to their political cleanliness.Those who love the twilight speak as if public education must be training in conformity, and government support of science be public aid of caution.We have also seen a sharpening and refinement of abusive power. The legislative investigation, designed and often exercised for the achievement of high ends, has too frequently been used by the Nation and the States as a means for effecting the disgrace and degradation of private persons. Unscrupulous demagogues have used the power to investigate as tyrants of an earlier day used the bill of attainder.The architects of fear have converted a wholesome law against conspiracy into an instrument for making association a crime. Pretending to fear government they have asked government to outlaw private protest. They glorify "togetherness" when it is theirs, and call it conspiracy when it is that of others.In listing these abuses I do not mean to condemn our central effort to protect the Nation's security. The dangers that surround us have been very great, and many of our measures of vigilance have ample justification. Yet there are few among us who do not share a portion of the blame for not recognizing soon enough the dark tendency towards excess of caution.
Erik Larson, Dead Wake: The Last Crossing of the Lusitania|It's all right to drill your crew, but why not drill the passengers.
Donna Grant, Soul Scorched|See?” said Scout to Benne who tried to melt into the ground by becoming very flat. “See what happens when you don’t listen? When you go off and do whatever and you have no idea what you’re doing?”“Yes,” agreed Chisolm sternly, frowning at Benne.“Yes, it’s very clear what happens,” said Zap.“Yes,” agreed Zip. “You get a purple fire-breathing dragon that has no idea how to fly instead of a cynical mule.
APJ Abdul Kalam|If you Fail, never Give Up because FAIL means First Attempt In Learning!End is not the End, it meansEffort Never Dies!If you get No as an answer; remember NOmeans Next Opportunity!
Jessica Wildfire, Professor Gone Wild|For a few weeks you got up at six to compose short stories at the kitchen table with while Amanda slept in the other room. Then your night life started getting more interesting and complicated, and climbing out of bed became harder and harder. You were gathering experience for a novel. You went to parties with writers, cultivated a writerly persona. You wanted to be Dylan Thomas without the paunch. F. Scott Fitzgerald without the crack-up. You wanted to skip over the dull grind of actual creation.
Melyssa Winchester, A Light in the Dark|He felt the withering of something, the way risk was increasingly eliminated, replaced with a bland new world where the viewing of food preparation would be felt to be more than the reading of poetry; where excitement would come from paying for a soup made out of foraged grass. He had eaten soup made out of foraged grass in the camps; he preferred food.
Freddie Wong|I was obsessed with fashion when I was young. I thought fashion meant fashion design, and I thought I wanted to be a designer at some point.
Philip Seymour Hoffman|As a kid, I kind of spent my life being amazed by being tricked. I love being tricked. I still love it today.
Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical Uplifting Quotes and Poems|Great songs don't grow on trees, yet lots of songs have been written on great trees
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Christ needs people today who are made of martyr stuff! Dare to take a strong, uncompromised stand for Him.
Cyril Connolly|Before cruelly vilifying them from a great height, the mudslingers at newspapers and journals should bear in mind that all artistic endeavors were by and large a mixture of effort and imagination, the embodiment of a solitary endeavor, of a sometimes long-nurtured dream, when they were not a desperate bid to give life meaning.
Sade Andria Zabala, Coffee and Cigarettes|If you spend enough time with someone who doubts you, you can't help but believe them.
Valenciya Lyons, Life After Natalie|The day Cami nearly succeeded at her suicide attempt was the worst day of Kaci’s life. Cami was the only sister that she had, and she couldn’t imagine spending the rest of her life without her.
Geoffrey Canada|There is a science to managing high tech businesses, and it needs to be respected. One of them is that in technology businesses, leadership is temporary. It's constantly recycling. So the asset has limited lifetime.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Midnight Palace|White-crested waves crash on the shore. The masts sway violently, every which way. In the gray sky the gulls are circling like white flakes. Rain squalls blow past like gray slanting sails, and blue gaps open in the sky. The air brightens.	A cold silvery evening. The moon is overhead, and down below, in the water; and all around it-a wide frame of old, hammered, scaly silver. Etched on the silver-silent black fishing boats, tiny black needles of masts, little black men casting invisible lines into the silver. And the only sounds are the occasional plashing of an oar, the creaking of an oarlock, the springlike leap and flip-flop of a fish. ("The North")
Anna Kessel, Eat Sweat Play: How Sport Can Change Our Lives|Surely we want to get to a point where women can be strong and powerful and not sexy. Or only sexy when they feel like it, not as a requirement to getting media coverage or being valued.
Margo Jefferson|As the years pass, I find that writers who were once central to me aren't anymore. I revered Yeats's poetry in college. I respect it now and am still ravished by certain lines, but I don't go back to him again and again. I do go back to Emily Dickinson again and again.
Charles Lindbergh|I was bold in the pursuit of knowledge, never fearing to follow truth and reason to whatever results they led, and bearding every authority which stood in their way.
Hilary Mantel, Wolf Hall|The fate of peoples is made like this, two men in small rooms. Forget the coronations, the conclaves of cardinals, the pomp and processions. This is how the world changes: a counter pushed across a table, a pen stroke that alters the force of a phrase, a woman's sigh as she passes and leaves on the air a trail of orange flower or rose water; her hand pulling close the bed curtain, the discreet sigh of flesh against flesh.
Jacob Nordby|Who am I?" She whispered. Alex opened his mouth as if to correct her, but then he said, "You are my love.
JJM|The difference is,Now I cant call you anymore…I cant hear your calming voice,I cant hear your wordsThat made me always feel better,Now I am just all aloneIn this dark and cold room
Tony Cleaver|The Chinese ideograph for forbearance is a heart with a sword dangling over it, another instance of language's brilliant way of showing us something surprising and important fossilized inside the meaning of a word. Vulnerability is built into our hearts, which can be sliced open at any moment by some sudden shift in the arrangements, some pain, some horror, some hurt. We all know and instinctively fear this, so we protect our hearts by covering them against exposure. But this doesn't work. Covering the heart binds and suffocates it until, like a wound that has been kept dressed for too long, the heart starts to fester and becomes fetid. Eventually, without air, the heart is all but killed off, and there's no feeling, no experiencing at all.To practice forbearance is to appreciate and celebrate the heart's vulnerability, and to see that the slicing or piercing of the heart does not require defense; that the heart's vulnerability is a good thing, because wounds can make us more peaceful and more real—if, that is, we are willing to hang on to the leopard of our fear, the serpent of our grief, the boar of our shame without running away or being hurled off. Forbearance is simply holding on steadfastly with whatever it is that unexpectedly arises: not doing anything; not fixing anything (because doing and fixing can be a way to cover up the heart, to leap over the hurt and pain by occupying ourselves with schemes and plans to get rid of it.) Just holding on for hear life. Holding on with what comes is what makes life dear....Simply holding on this way may sound passive. Forbearance has a bad reputation in our culture, whose conventional wisdom tells us that we ought to solve problems, fix what's broken, grab what we want, speak out, shake things up, make things happen. And should none of this work out, then we are told we ought to move on, take a new tack, start something else. But this line of thinking only makes sense when we are attempting to gain external satisfaction. It doesn't take into account internal well-being; nor does it engage the deeper questions of who you really are and what makes you truly happy, questions that no one can ignore for long... Insofar as forbearance helps us to embrace transformative energy and allow its magic to work on us... forbearance isn't passive at all. It's a powerfully active spiritual force, (67-70).
Laura Kreitzer, Burning Falls|Just in case you’re wondering,” Gage says, breaking the silence, “this alliance of ours doesn’t mean I like you.”“Feeling’s mutual.” Julian tosses him a disdainful look.
RVM|Do it because you WANT to, not just because you HAVE to. When you do what you want, you create an Unstoppable POWER.
Nalini Singh, Angels' Blood|But I didn't know about the other story.""What other story?”"About how you and Adrian Ivashkov are—""No, whatever you heard it’s not true.""But it was really romantic""Then it’s definitely not true.
Michael Shermer, Why People Believe Weird Things: Pseudoscience, Superstition, and Other Confusions of Our Time|[The laws of logic] were placed in our minds by the Creator during the act of creation. We speak because God has spoken. God is not the author of confusion, irrationality, or the absurd. Furthermore, his words are meant to be understood by his creatures, and a necessary condition for his creature's understanding of those words is that they are intelligible and not irrational.
Alice Waters|Cleaning is my favorite way to relax. I clear things out and get rid of the stuff I don't need. When the food pantry and the refrigerator are organized, I feel less stressed.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|For every God-given goal, He gives grace to accomplish it.
Jonathan Kellerman, Breakdown|I was always a good girl. I was a straight-A student, top of my class. I did as I was told. I was polite to my elders. I was good to my siblings. I went to church. It was very easy to hide how very bad I was becoming from my family, from everyone. Being good is the best way to be bad.
Ayi Kwei Armah, The Beautyful Ones Are Not Yet Born|Emotion is the unseen transported on the unseen effecting everything".
Nihaarika Singh|If Life was like a movie, then I'd replay it again and again to relive my happiest memories.
Joseph J. Ellis, Revolutionary Summer: The Birth of American Independence|The body of Christ is about doing life together, and by doing life together sin is revealed.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|What we don't often realize is that the rebirth and collapse of grand things do not begin with grand things at all, like the things we see, but with the small, like the things we are - in the things we do - in the things we say.
Douglas Woolf, Wall to Wall|Pulling out onto the highway I noticed a stone pillar commemorating the Donner Party. They were a true testament to the American spirit, push forward at all costs and eat the dead when necessary. Wasn’t that the American dream in a nutshell.
Finn Murphy, The Long Haul: A Trucker's Tales of Life on the Road|His people had hogs there till the bottom fell out of hogs. The bottom was always falling out of something in America far as I could see. So it was with the world, restless, kind of brutal. Always going on. Not waiting for no man.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca|The basic fact about human existence is not that it is a tragedy, but that it is a bore. It is not so much a war as an endless standing in line.
Piotr Ryczko, A Child Made to Order|She knew half of the correspondents had broken under the excruciating pressure. And the other half who said they had made it, simply lied. She also knew there was a good chance she would too. But it was still worth it. Because if Viola wanted anything approaching a deeper meaning, she knew it existed in moments filled with injustice and cruelty. That’s where true human nature lay for her. Not because of the ferocity itself but because of what came with it, true human heart and compassion.
Cassie Mae, True Love and Magic Tricks|Mr. Townsend quirks a brow at the other man, and when our boss walks away he sticks his tongue out to his back. I push my hair over my shoulder and look this man over a bit closer. His dark hair reaches his shoulders and falls in soft waves around his face. He has a strong jaw lined with stubble and high cheekbones under his impossibly dark eyes. His perfect teeth are framed beautifully with full lips and a dark goatee, which only highlight the voluptuous color of his mouth.He’s wearing a dark blue button up shirt that fits loosely around his arms and chest, but the fitted dark jeans show off the chiseled lines of his thighs. He pushes his chair back slightly and stands, extending his large hand toward me. “I’m Reid. Reid Townsend.”He’s tall, about 6’0”, with a smile right out of a toothpaste commercial, and when I take his hand (surely with a stupid look on my face) it’s rough from heavy use. “Nice to meet you. I’m Danielle Delaney,” I reply. “You can call me Dani… Or anything you’d like except DD, um, in high school some people called me Double D’s because of that name and because I have big boobs—” I cut off abruptly with a slightly choked sound, feeling the blood rush over my chest, face and ears. I’ve never blurted something like that before in my life, and I especially have never blurted anything because I’m standing in front of a beautiful guy—I’m the player, not the played.
Patrick  Hall, Blades in the Dark: The Guardians of Siva|my world is different from all of you because ,you all wanna rule your circle and i wanna rule all the circles
Drew  Hayes, The Utterly Uninteresting and Unadventurous Tales of Fred, the Vampire Accountant|Vampire strength might not let me lift cars, but I will tear up some shrubbery all day long.
Wendell Berry, Jayber Crow|I found you in the whispers of the shadow... luring me out into the light. Swallowed by the song and richness of the breath dancing in depth and perception wide. Heart within your eyes, soul in your word, I found home upon the essence of you.
Ewan McGregor|You could argue that 'Sweeney Todd' was romantic, if you looked closely at it, but it didn't impart that to its audiences. But it's large, and it's melodramatic, and it's a style I like to work in periodically.
Hank Quense, Moxie's Problem|But this bus was a bit too full. The driver only appeared to control the glass and metal around him. In reality, he was at the nose of a travelling paroxysm.
Robert T. Kiyosaki|It's not what you say out of your mouth that determines your life, it's what you whisper to yourself that has the most power!
Alexander Hamilton|There is a part of me that still wants to go out and grab a backpack and unplug - not take a cellphone or even a camera and just get out there and experience the world and travel. I have yet to do that, but someday I hope.
Muhammad "Mice" Misrad|If you live to fail, then you fail to live.
Debasish Mridha|Read,not to believe, contradict or complement, but to understand.
Lynda Meyers, Letters From the Ledge|An editor should tell the author his writing is better than it is. Not a lot better, a little better.
Joshua Mcnutt, The Licen Sepulcher|These things sensibly affected Theseus, who, thinking it but just not to disregard, but rather partake of, the sufferings of his fellow citizens, offered himself for one without any lot. All else were struck with admiration for the nobleness and with love for the goodness of the act.
Dominic Monaghan|I love anywhere new and different. That's the fun of travel. I've always loved driving through Spain, France and Italy - sometimes in an Alfa Spider.
Tucker Elliot, The Rainy Season|The only thing I knew for sure is I hadn’t slept in ten years. Not really. I’d been fighting my own monster since nine months after 9/11. I had regrets. I had pain that I still can’t find words to describe. But sooner or later you have to make a choice. Maybe fate or luck or God had a plan for me in Jakarta that was greater than an educational leadership conference, a few papers and a book deal. If Vietnam was for Dad, then maybe Jakarta was for me. Indira says I shouldn’t discount that it was Allah’s plan. The way I see it, Allah’s plan is what started my war.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|When we pay attention to sensations in our bodies, we can feel that love is the energetic opposite of fear.
Lindsey Vonn|I'm not one of those writers I learned about who get up in the morning, put a piece of paper in their typewriter machine and start writing. That I've never understood.
Brené Brown, Rising Strong|Our silence about grief serves no one. We can't heal if we can't grieve; we can't forgive if we can't grieve. We run from grief because loss scares us, yet our hearts reach toward grief because the broken parts want to mend.
Richard Branson|Basically, when I get home I just do emails for around three hours, which stinks. I have a thing about getting into your inbox every night before going to bed. I'm usually working from my laptop or my phone, desperately trying to get my inbox to zero before I fall asleep.
Hope Bradford|If dreams were wine, you'd be a sot.
Sameh Elsayed|Complaining from lack of food doesn't always affect my emotions. complaining from lack of knowledge, passion, creative ideas and happiness always does.
Sara Craven, Dark Summer Dawn|Dear God, Lisa, give me back my peace of mind!
Gina Barreca|To make others less happy is a crime. To make ourselves unhappy is where all crime starts. We must try to contribute joy to the world. That is true no matter what our problems, our health, our circumstances. We must try. I didn't always know this, and am happy I lived long enough to find it out.
Siri Hustvedt, A Plea for Eros: Essays|It appears that time has turned that young woman, who imagined herself a romantic heroine, into something of a comic character, but I remain fond of her. We are relatives, after all.
Elizabeth Langston, I Wish|If I seem better than you, you like me more. If you feel you have no chance with me, you like me more.
Don DeLillo, White Noise: Text and Criticism|This digital revolutionary still believes in most of the lovely deep ideals that energized our work so many years ago. At the core was a sweet faith in human nature. If we empowered individuals, we believed, more good than harm would result.The way the internet has gone sour since then is truly perverse. The central faith of the web's early design has been superseded by a different faith in the centrality of imaginary entities epitomized by the idea that the internet as a whole is coming alive and turning into a superhuman creature. The designs guided by this new, perverse kind of faith put people back in the shadows. The fad for anonymity has undone the great opening-of-everyone's-windows of the 1990s. While that reversal has empowered sadists to a degree, the worst effect is a degradation of ordinary people.
Jamie Farrell, Smittened|I am so not kissing you tonight,” she informed him.He chuckled softly. And if she thought his smile wasdangerous, his chuckle should’ve been classified as a biologicalweapon. Sin in a sound wave.“But now you’re thinking about what it would be like, ain’tyou?” he said.“Only my stupid parts.
William Shakespeare, Richard III|The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars/ But in ourselves.
Amy Kuivalainen, Cry of the Firebird|You don’t let many people behind that wall of yours do you?” “No I don’t because basically people are shit. They have let me down over and over so now I choose them very carefully.”“You have let Yvan in,” he pointed out. “Yvan’s different.
Kylie Gilmore, The Opposite of Wild|Maybe Duke was just the kind of person you don’t keep in your life, but the kind of person that changes your life forever.
Jimmy Carter|By nature, I really am a fairly bouncy and sunny individual.
Robert J. Randisi|You see, I believe that you cannot be taught to 'write.' You can be taught grammar and punctuation, but you cannot be taught to be a writer. That has to come from within.
James Rozoff|Death is the night sky, the background against which the fleeting fireworks of life are displayed, an empty stage upon which the drama of life is played.
Joyce Banda|President Obama and Democrats won a mandate to move us forward with jobs, healthcare reform, equality, and nation building here at home.
Jeff Hardy|My parents realized the dangers of raising a daughter in a social, political, and legal climate that was growing increasingly oppressive toward women and girls. Although they fled to London when I was just three weeks old, the challenges facing women's rights in Iran became ingrained in my social consciousness.
Deirdre-Elizabeth Parker, The Fugitive's Doctor|If a drug dealer falls in West Baltimore and no one is there to hear him, does he make a sound?
Bil Keane|Experience burned into me the conviction that access to education ought to be based on how much you are willing to learn and how hard you are willing to work, not on how many dollars your family has in their bank account.
Evan Wright, Generation Kill: Devil Dogs, Iceman, Captain America, and the New Face of American War|It struck me that such analyses had it backward. It’s the American public for whom the Iraq War is often no more real than a video game. Five years into this war, I am not always confident most Americans fully appreciate the caliber of the people fighting for them, the sacrifices they have made, and the sacrifices they continue to make. After the Vietnam War ended, the onus of shame largely fell on the veterans. This time around, if shame is to be had when the Iraq conflict ends - and all indications are there will be plenty of it - the veterans are the last people in America to deserve it. When it comes to apportioning shame my vote goes to the American people who sent them to war in a surge of emotion but quickly lost the will to either win it or end it. The young troops I profiled in Generation Kill, as well as the other men and women in uniform I’ve encountered in combat zones throughout Iraq and Afghanistan, are among the finest people of their generation. We misuse them at our own peril.
Noor Iskandar|If all else fails, we then factor (fall) into our equation. And pray hard, someone factors (catching us) into theirs.
Angeline Trevena|I just slept for fifteen hours straight. Yes, writing a musical is THAT exhausting!
Kimberly Novosel, Loved|I didn’t answer. We were not buddies. We could not chat about the proximity of our offices, or football, or forgiveness.
Barry López, About This Life|It is, I think, the rarest of leisure, hard work mixed with hard pleasure, to refine one's time of deep thought or light regard into the utterly self-absorbed and equally and abundantly outward-seeking shape of the personal essay -- a story comprised of found fact, of analyzed emotion, of fictive memory.
Haruki Murakami, Blind Willow, Sleeping Woman|For now she need not think of anybody. She could be herself, by herself. And that was what now she often felt the need of - to think; well not even to think. To be silent; to be alone. All the being and the doing, expansive, glittering, vocal, evaporated; and one shrunk, with a sense of solemnity, to being oneself, a wedge-shaped core of darkness, something invisible to others... and this self having shed its attachments was free for the strangest adventures.
Anjum Choudhary|They say this soul hunting will cost me my sanity,i say i'd go insane if i stop.
Touaxia Vang|Laugh it off, Life gets better.
Muhammad Danish Adeel|Sincerity is nothing to express, it appears over the period. Just try to hold and wait....
Ethan Luck|I think there is no difference between love and infatuation. If it works out, we call it love; if it doesn’t, we shrug our shoulders and say it was infatuation. It’s a hindsight word.
Barack Obama|The great error consists in supposing that poetry is an unnatural form of language. We should all like to speak poetry at the moment when we truly live, and if we do not speak it, it is because we have an impediment in our speech. It is not song that is the narrow or artificial thing, it is conversation that is a broken and stammering attempt at song. When we see men in a spiritual extravaganza, like Cyrano de Bergerac, speaking in rhyme, it is not our language disguised or distorted, but our language rounded and made whole.
Aravind Adiga|The Mahabharata declares, 'What is here is nowhere else; what is not here, is nowhere.
Rosamund Lupton, Sister|But grief is the ultimate unrequited love. However hard and long we love someone who has died, they can never love us back. At least that is how it feels...
George W. Bush|For every fatal shooting, there were roughly three non-fatal shootings. And, folks, this is unacceptable in America.
Adam Johnson|I’d like to be remembered as someone who used their ability as a novelist or as a dramatist to say the things he felt needed to be said about the society while being as entertaining as possible. Because if you don’t entertain, nobody’s listening.
Sean Harshey|...Bad behavior is bipartisan, but the Left seems to have an instinct for violence. This makes perfect sense for a worldview with revolutionary underpinnings....But yet, they claim oppression due to their inability to control the words and minds of others. That is why the Left is a threat to both freedom and democracy: Because at the end of the day, they don't really believe in either.
Tagawa Shun'ei, Living Yogācāra: An Introduction to Consciousness-Only Buddhism|The forms of the central and surrounding deities... should not be protruding like a clay statue or cast image, yet neither should they be flat like a painting. In contrast, they should be apparent, yet not truly existent, like a rainbow in the sky or the reflection of the moon in a lake. They should appear as though conjured up by a magician. Clear appearance involves fixing the mind one-pointedly on these forms with a sense of vividness, nakedness, lucidity, and clarity.
Karina Halle, Sins & Needles|That’s the thing about love — it’s full of possibilities. It can lead you down so many different paths. Sure, for some of us, it can lead to sadness and regret. But, for others, well, for others it can lead them to the greatest future they could’ve ever hoped for. Love is the most possible thing in the world.
Bridget English|Everyone has the same amount of hours per day, it’s not that you don’t have enough time, it’s that you don’t have a clear focus
Ludwig von Mises, Planning for Freedom, and Sixteen Other Essays and Addresses: Ludwig Von Mises. Also, the Essential Von Mises|We economists don't know much, but we do know how to create a shortage. If you want to create a shortage of tomatoes, for example, just pass a law that retailers can't sell tomatoes for more than two cents per pound. Instantly you'll have a tomato shortage. It's the same with oil or gas.
Avijeet Das|How are you going do your writings? How can the others understand you through words describing places, sensations, thoughts, feelings, hope, love, separations on a maze of phrases and paragraphs cemented with your ability to 'knit' your story? Maybe, 'how' is more relevant to provide for your readers a consistent path to build a story from the beginning to the end than 'what' and 'why'. Of course, you are not going to dismiss them. These ones – 'what' and 'why' –, they are pretty damn good too.
Irvin D. Yalom, The Spinoza Problem|In a completely rational society, the best of us would be teachers and the rest of us would have to settle for something else.
Walter Cronkite|Let's make it simple: Government control means uniformity, regulation, fees, inspection, and yes, compliance.
Bill Watterson|When life gives you lemons, chunk it right back.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|Time weighs down on you like an old, ambiguous dream. You keep on moving, trying to sleep through it. But even if you go to the ends of the earth, you won't be able to escape it. Still, you have to go there- to the edge of the world. There's something you can't do unless you get there.
Eric R. Bates|If you aren't in over your head, how do you know how tall you are?
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupāda, Bhagavad-Gita As It Is|Sometimes we need to look at everything going wrong in our lives and admit to ourselves, "I am the only common denominator here.
Susana Martinez|In inner-city, low-income communities of color, there's such a high correlation in terms of educational quality and success.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|I didn’t know what I would do. There was no way I could survive. I stared at my damp tent ceiling, feeling the frigid air against me, the frozen ground against my bottom, so cold my bare skin burned. I needed to get to the next trail-town, Mammoth Lakes. There was no one here to save me now.
Victor Kahn|I love those moments where I can completely get lost in a dream. It's a time when my present moment is built around fantasy. This life is perfect and the troubles I have become powerless because I'm meticulously constructing a time and space that feeds me soulfully. Call me a dreamer, but when opportunity comes, I'm not afraid to take it. That's creating. That's manifesting. That's real.
Sherab Gyatso Alex, What's What|The sutras liken reincarnation to the relationship between teachers and students. A singing teacher teaches students how to sing. His students learn techniques and benefit from direct experiential advice from their teacher. But the teacher doesn't remove a song from his throat and insert it into a student's mouth. Similarly, reincarnation is a continuity of everything we have learnt, like lighting one candle from another, or a face and its reflection in a mirror.
Chris Lear, Running with the Buffaloes: A Season Inside with Mark Wetmore, Adam Goucher, and the University of Colorado Men's Cross-Country Team|In a sport that demands compulsion, sometimes the hardest task is having the confidence to rest.
Bram Bertels|We all have different beliefs, ways of worshipping, and ideas about religion. I believe it is a very personal subject, and so everyone should respect each other's beliefs. I simply live my life, and if someone is uncomfortable with who I am or what I believe in, then I have found that I am better off not having them in my life. --Kristen Adams
Elizabeth Kostova, The Swan Thieves|Evidently, a given object took no particular amount of time to draw; instead the artist took the time, or didn’t take it, at pleasure. And,similarly, things themselves possessed no fixed and intrinsic amount of interest; instead things were interesting as long as you had attention to give them. How long does it take to draw a baseball mitt? As much time as you care to give it. Not an infinite amount of time, but more time than you first imagined. For many days, so long as you want to keep drawing that mitt, and studying that mitt, there will always be a new and finer layer of distinctions to draw out and lay in. Your attention discovers—seems thereby to produce—an array of interesting features in any object, like a lamp.
Domenico Dolce|I've realized as well after five years of being on the road that if I'm going to four or five months of my life to something even if I'm overpaid, it's four or five months of my life away from home, away from my son, away from family and friends. I better believe in it on some level even if it's a big movie.
Kelly McCullough, Codespell|By the way, I have a bone to pick with you." Esperetta"Only one?" Velkan"At the moment." Esperetta"Then I can't wait to hear it." Velkan"'Bram' and 'Stoker'?" Esperetta"It was fitting, I thought." Velkan
Paul Silway|Then the green man’s face grew even blacker, the red beard so red it seemed to crackle and sparkle like fir twigs on the fire; the mouth contracted to an arrow-like point before it opened to inquire in the sweetest, gentlest tones.
Gloria Steinem|Writing is the only thing that when I do it, I don't feel I should be doing something else.
Paula Stokes, Liars, Inc.|The truth doesn't get you very far on the streets, or in a group home, or even in high school. That's probably why the idea of Liars, Inc. appealed to me. Everybody lies. You might as well get paid for it.
Nancy Gibbs, The Presidents Club: Inside the World's Most Exclusive Fraternity|Mammals require three essentials in life, identity, stimulation, and security, and by far the most important of these three psychological cornerstones is identity.
Robert Aickman, The Wine-Dark Sea|Enchanted islands are hard to understand,' he said. 'I've always thought that. It worried me even as a child. The trouble is that you can never be sure where the enchantment begins and where it ends.
Margo T. Rose, The Words|You know that I love you quite a lot --But sometimes... not. Sometimes not.I don't know why.I guess IJust hate you sometimes,Because sometimes I even hate myself,And she loves you.
Rowan Atkinson|If I were to look in the United States or in Europe, in some of the garages, you would have a Bentley or two Bentleys or a high-end Mercedes, and you may find a Smart also in that same garage because that person thinks it's a fun extra car to have. He may have four cars but also have a Smart because he thinks it is cute.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Passion makes you good, but pride stops you to get better.
Rick Riordan, The Lost Hero|Holy mother!""Hmph. More like holy father. I'd think you'd know the difference."-Hephaetus
RScorp|When you start to promise yourself, that means you are living!
John Rawls, Justice as Fairness: A Restatement|We've heard many people say and have often said ourselves that justice is doing one's own work and not meddling with what isn't one's own ... Then, it turns out that this doing one's own work-provided that it comes to be in a certain way-is justice.
Brian Holguin|I've never subscribed to the "words can never hurt me" point of view. Because if words can't hurt, then neither can they help or heal or inspire. Yes, words can brutalize. They can shame and scar. But people must be free to say them anyway. We protect free speech not because words are harmless, but because they are powerful.
Ophelia Lovibond|If you want to wear long hair or wear that dress, as long as you're not hurting yourself or anybody else, I say do it. If you want to go out and have a romantic, sexy affair, do it.
Mike  Norton, Fighting For Redemption|In the emerging world of ethnic conflict and civilizational clash, Western belief in the universality of Western culture suffers three problems: it is false; it is immoral; and it is dangerous.
Lawren Leo, Love's Shadow: Nine Crooked Paths|Most people live their lives laying prostrate before a false god, waiting for a cue to rise. There are no cues, only decisions. Shall I have dessert? Shall I have the best of the wine? Shall I love the person next to me? They can all be brought to your table. Rise, I say, rise and look within to the truth, to the light, and tell it your decision.
Niger Innis|History repeats itself, and that's one of the things that's wrong with history.
Pope Benedict XVI|I asked long ago,'What must I do to be saved?' The Scripture answered, 'Keep the commandments, believe, hope, love.' I was early warned against laying, as the Papists do, too much stress on outward works, or on a faith without works, which as it does not include, so it will never lead to true hope or charity.
Kahlil Gibran, The Madman|My friend, I am not what I seem. Seeming is but a garment I wear-a care-woven garment that protects me from thy questionings and thee from my negligence. The “I” in me, my friend, dwells in the house of silence, and therein it shall remain for ever more, unperceived, unapproachable. I would not have thee believe in what I say nor trust in what I do-for my words are naught but thy own thoughts in sound and my deeds thy own hopes in action. When thou sayest, “The wind bloweth eastward,” I say, “Aye it doth blow eastward”; for I would not have thee know that my mind doth not dwell upon the wind but upon the sea. Thou canst not understand my seafaring thoughts, nor would I have thee understand. I would be at sea alone. When it is day with thee, my friend, it is night with me; yet even then I speak of the noontide that dances upon the hills and of the purple shadow that steals its way across the valley; for thou canst not hear the songs of my darkness nor see my wings beating against the stars-and I fain would not have thee hear or see. I would be with night alone. When thou ascendest to thy Heaven I descend to my Hell-even then thou callest to me across the unbridgeable gulf, “My companion, my comrade,” and I call back to thee, “My comrade, my companion”-for I would not have thee see my Hell. The flame would burn thy eyesight and the smoke would crowd thy nostrils. And I love my Hell too well to have thee visit it. I would be in Hell alone. Thou lovest Truth and Beauty and Righteousness; and I for thy sake say it is well and seemly to love these things. But in my heart I laughed at thy love. Yet I would not have thee see my laughter. I would laugh alone. My friend, thou art good and cautious and wise; nay, thou art perfect-and I, too, speak with thee wisely and cautiously. And yet I am mad. But I mask my madness. I would be mad alone. My friend, thou art not my friend, but how shall I make thee understand? My path is not thy path, yet together we walk, hand in hand.
Plato|In the face of love, everyone is equal. Let everyone have the freedom to love and to pursue their happiness. I am Tsai Ing-wen, and I support marriage equality.
Michael McCafferty|The customers perception is your reality. What they think about your products , MATTER. If you dont put your customers perception first, THE GAME IS OVER.
Liz Braswell, Once Upon a Dream|Hatred is increased by being reciprocated, and can on the other hand be destroyed by love.
Shannon L. Alder|It takes a hell of a lot of courage to walk into your own story, but to be the hero of your own life you have to rescue yourself.
Gustaf Stromberg|Memory is that element in our consciousness that connects the past with the present. If we had no memory, there would be only one moment of our life, the moment we call now, and we would never consciously recognize more than this single moment.
James Fitzjames Stephen|Democracy is a cry of war; it is the ﬂag of the party of numbers placed below raised against those above. A ﬂag sometimes raised in the name of the rights of men, but sometimes in the name of crude passions; sometimes raised against the most iniquitous usurpations but also sometimes against legitimate superiority.
Barbara Kingsolver, Animal Dreams|She was tremendously fond of Ralph. Not hounded by love the way some women were. With Crighton she had been teased endlessly by the idea of it, but with Ralph it was more straightforward. Again not love, more like the feelings you would have for a favorite dog (and, no, she would never have said such a thing to him. Some people, a lot of people, didn't understand how attached one could be to a dog.)
Anuradha Bhattacharyya, The Road Taken|I always feel that one should be loved passionately, not as a matter of course.
Dada Bhagwan|Those who are in vyavahar (worldly interactions), and who are indeed conducting themselves in the vyavahar; are known as worldly people [sansaari]. And ‘Siddha’ (absolutely enlightened Ones without a body) are not in the worldly conduct whatsoever. Therefore, they are known as the ‘non-worldly’ people [asansaari]! Then there are those who are in the worldly life and yet whose conduct is not in the worldly life at all; such ‘Gnani Purush (the enlightened ones)’ are called, ‘non-worldly’ (asansaari).
Wes Adamson|Even after Sonja graduated secondary school at the top of her class and matriculated to the city university biology department, their parents found more to love in Natasha. Sonja's gifts were too complex to be understood, and therefore less desirable.
|If you consistently surround yourself with winners, winning would become the only option in all your endeavors.
Richie Norton|WE MAY FEEL...BUT WE DON'TWe may feel the need to change employment, but we don’t.We may feel the need to start a specific project, but we don’t.We may feel the need to pursue higher education, but we don’tWe may feel the need to heal a broken relationship, but we don’t.We may feel the need to work to improve our spiritual lives, but we don’t.We may feel the need to take steps toward a healthier physical or emotional life for ourselves and/or our family, but again, we don’t.(This list could likely go on for eternity.)The desire for progression is innate, but the problem we face is that the actual act of progression is also a choice.Without embracing our inherent need for progress, for positive growth and/or change, we’ll still go on living....But at what cost?
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|The life I am experiencing, good or bad, is the collective result of the choices I have made, knowingly or unknowingly. When I accept this, I acknowledge that I have the power to create my destiny.
Hedy Lamarr|Every girl would like to marry a rich husband. I did twice. But what divides girls into two groups is this question - do you first think of money and then love, or vice versa?
David Nicholls|I was the female lead in a romantic comedy. It's a little indie film that we shot in China called 'America Town,' starring Daniel Henney and Bill Paxton. I actually had to speak Chinese in the film. It was funny because I found out I was doing the film and then a week later, I was in Shanghai.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Until you realize who you are, you will not be able to start living the life you are intended to live
Joe   Bennett, A Land of Two Halves|Just for a moment there was an unusual feeling of bliss. Strange word, he thought. It's one of those words that describe something that does not make a noise but, if it did make a noise, would sound just like that. Bliss. It's like the sound of a soft meringue melting gently on a warm plate.
Warren Bennis|I wasn't going to great schools, because my parents didn't believe in public education. They wanted the education to be influenced by their religion, so I was going to these halfway education-slash-Christian schools that were like pop-up shop-style education.
Donna Liu|Time flies by so fast, I wish I can go back
Charles Kingsley, The Water Babies|Did not learned men, too, hold, till within the last twenty-five years, that a flying dragon was an impossible monster? And do we not now know that there are hundreds of them found fossil up and down the world? People call them Pterodactyles: but that is only because they are ashamed to call them flying dragons, after denying so long that flying dragons could exist.
Andrew Ashling, The Invisible Hands - Part 1: Gambit|I do not believe that gifts, whether of mind or character, can be weighed like sugar and butter
Thomas C. Oden, John Wesley's Scriptural Christianity: A Plain Exposition of His Teaching on Christian Doctrine|Grace works ahead of us to draw us toward faith, to begin its work in us. Even the first fragile intuition of conviction of sin, the first intimation of our need of God, is the work of preparing, prevening grace, which draws us gradually toward wishing to please God. Grace is working quietly at the point of our desiring, bringing us in time to despair over our own unrighteousness, challenging our perverse dispositions, so that our distorted wills cease gradually to resist the gift of God.
J.M. Stewart, The Playboy's Baby|Unable to help himself, he offered her a smile and stared into those eyes as he tapped his mouth. “I think you missed.
Michael Bassey Johnson|The life of a writer is directed by a mad impulsive muse, that can tell them to cancel all their storyline: a creative divergent devil.
Erle Stanley Gardner, The Knife Slipped|As a divorced man, I can say from experience that there may come a time when a couple decides it is best to live separate lives: where you have different dreams and are no longer willing to make sacrifices to achieve the other’s goal.
Ingrid Betancourt, Even Silence Has an End: My Six Years of Captivity in the Colombian Jungle|The business of reading and interpreting the Bible in South Afria is a tricky one! The Bible is everywhere and in the hands of many, including the pain inflictors. ~ Mogomme Alpheus Masoga
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Live life so well that, even if you die, the empty seats behind you will tell the story that, "yea, this soul did what God sent him/her to do". Give life and hope into your family, village, community, country, continent and the world at large. You can do it!
E. Jamie, The Betrayal|The loud rasp of leather yanked through Carson’s belt loops sent her attention to his torso.“What are you doing?” London’s panicked gaze shot to his face.“I don’t have a collar on me.”“I am wholly disinterested in being collared.”“One weekend, London.” He grasped one of her hips with his free hand. “If you’re disappointed at any time, you can walk. I’ll never speak of it again. Our work together will go unaffected. No one—and I mean no one—but us will know.”“Would you put that in writing?” Her eyes filled with mischief.Priceless. London lured him toward a lightning storm. He could play. Hell, nothing appealed in the moment more than a weekend playing with London. Yes, this is what he wanted. Now he needed to know if she was willing.“I’ll do one better.” He snaked the belt around her waist until the leather rested against her hips.“I’m not a notch on a belt.”“You could never be a notch, London Chantelle. You’re the whole belt, sugar.”Her face softened, and the playfulness in her eyes died. He recognized the deliberation behind them, the wonder if she’d be safe, here and at work. London needn’t have worried. She might get scared, but mutual satisfaction was the only way his brand of sexual fulfillment worked.“Say yes or no.” He pressed his torso to her corseted body, the last space between her body and his obliterated. “But say yes.”“What will happen if I say yes?”“What you want. What you’ve probably always wanted.”Her eyes misted with a surprising vulnerability. “Yes.
Greg Austin|Every major player is working on this technology of artificial intelligence. As of now, it's benign... but I would say that the day is not far off when artificial intelligence as applied to cyber warfare becomes a threat to everybody.
Mira Grant, Blackout|Given a choice between life and death, choose life. Given a choice between right and wrong, choose what's right. And given a choice between a terrible truth and a beautiful lie, choose the truth every time.
Mihail Sebastian, For Two Thousand Years|No, no, my friend. You are kind, and you mean well, but you can never understand these things as I do. You've never been oppressed.
Red Garnier, Claimed by Him|Something tells me there’s more than one shaman in Vegas who performs weddings. I think we’re better off intercepting them at the fight.”“But they could be getting married right now!” Ivy protested, falling into a double-time step to keep up with his pace.“Lucky we’re in Vegas, then. They have quickie divorces to go with their quickie weddings.
Wallace Stegner, Where the Bluebird Sings to the Lemonade Springs|It is not an unusual life curve for Westerners - to live i n and be shaped by the bigness, sparseness, space clarity & hopefulness of the West, to go away for study and enlargement and the perspective that distance and dissatisfaction can give, and then to return to what pleases the sight and enlists the loyalty and demands the commitment.
Patrick W. Corrigan|Etta, it could be everything, it could be nothing, what you’re making up. You shouldn’t let that bother you.
Christopher Paolini, Inheritance|Death, he had come to believe, was a corrosive thing, and the more he was around it , the more it gnawed away at who he was.
Simon Mainwaring|I would suggest that you only take advice from those people who have a lot of experience and who you trust as well. Also, be extremely conservative with your investments.
Kate Mara|Having a Christian worldview shapes my decision-making with respect to all aspects of my life. I always respect people in public life who are principled, and those principles have to be connected to something. And my faith is what serves as the anchor and directs my actions.
Deb Caletti, Honey, Baby, Sweetheart|When she came back minutes later with a great, fat, skinned rabbit, Po had built a fire. The flames cast orange light on the horses and on himself. "It was the least I could do," Po said, drily, "and I see you've already skinned the hare. I'm beginning to think I won't have much responsibility as we travel through the forest together.""Does it other you? You're welcome to do the hunting yourself. Perhaps I can stay by the fire and mend your socks, and scream if I hear strange noises.
Terry Spear, Dragon Fae|It's worth noting here that dragons are magical creatures. It's also worth following that up with a big, fat, duh.
Steven D. Levitt, SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling, Patriotic Prostitutes And Why Suicide Bombers Should Buy Life Insurance|The test of a progressive policy is not private but public, not just rising income and consumption for individuals, but widening the opportunities and what Amartya Sen calls the 'capabilities' of all through collective action. But that means, it must mean, public non-profit initiative, even if only in redistributing private accumulation. Public decisions aimed at collective social improvement from which all human lives should gain. That is the basis of progressive policy—not maximising economic growth and personal incomes. Nowhere will this be more important than in tackling the greatest problem facing us this century, the environmental crisis. Whatever ideological logo we choose for it, it will mean a major shift away from the free market and towards public action, a bigger shift than the British government has yet envisaged. And, given the acuteness of the economic crisis, probably a fairly rapid shift. Time is not on our side.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Be anxious for no thing, be concerned about the state of your soul and that of your children, be concerned about God's work in the world; these are genuine concern but when it comes to the things in your life.....be not anxious. If God is for us who can be against us?
Hannah Arendt|People sell their soul in such small quantities - a seemingly trivial compromise here, a rationalization of a minor evil there - that they don't realize what they're doing until it is too late.
@hg47, Daughter Moon|Prayers should be for preventing war, not fighting it.
Orhan Pamuk, The Museum of Innocence|The man went to the controls, looking up at me, flaring his nostrils to my actions. His voice was like a voice under water. “We’ll see what becomes of your rebellious nature when you lose your memories, Rei Lin.” He punched a few buttons and turned the knob on the wall to the right.
Franz Kafka|[Jem] looked from Will to Tessa and raised his silvery eyebrows. "A miracle," he said. "You got him to speak.""Just to shout at me, really," said Tessa. "Not quite loaves and fishes.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|To fall down is to face the weakness of my humanity, test the mettle of my character, and push the limits of my strength. Therefore, falling down will tell me who I am far more clearly than most things I might learn when I’m standing up.
Kenneth Scott Latourette|Christ shared our experience; he suffered as we suffer; he died as we shall die, and for forty days in the desert he underwent the struggle between good and evil.
Auliq Ice|To a materialist life is nothing but a complex self-sustaining pattern, easily disrupted and gone when destroyed.
David Wroblewski, The Story of Edgar Sawtelle|Edgar, there's a difference between missing him and wanting nothing to change," she said. "They aren't the same things at all. And we can't do anything about either one. Things always change. Things would be changing right now if your father were alive, Edgar. That's just life. You can fight it or you accept it. The only difference is, if you accept it, you can get to do other things. If you fight it, you're stuck in the same spot forever. Does that make sense?"But aren't some changes worth fighting?"You know that's true."So how do you know which is which?"I don't know a way to tell for sure," she said. "You ask, 'Why am I really fighting this?' If the answer is 'Because I'm scared of what things will be like,' then, most times, you're fighting for the wrong reason."And if that's not the answer?"Then you dig in your heels and you fight and fight and fight. But you have to be absolutely sure you can handle a different kind of change, because in the end, things will change anyway, just not that way. In fact, if you get into a fight like that, it pretty much guarantees things are going to change.
Virginia Woolf, Mrs. Dalloway|Clarissa had a theory in those days - they had heaps of theories, always theories, as young people have. It was to explain the feeling they had of dissatisfaction; not knowing people; not being known. For how could they know each other? You met every day; then not for six months, or years. It was unsatisfactory, they agreed, how little one knew people.
Robert M. Drake|Ill love you with every little bit of everything that has ever consumed me and I will forever love you and forever find you in every life time and so on. Until the stars die out and the universe leaps but even then, my love will remain.
Thomas Wyatt, Selected Poems|Because I'm a monster, like my father before me and his father before him, and so on. There is no help for me.
Abhijit Naskar|Entertain, but also, give the viewer something to think about.
Megan Smolenyak, Hey, America, Your Roots Are Showing|Nothing is clear now. Something must be the matter with my way of viewing things. I have no middle view. Either I fix on a detail and see it as thought it were magnified -- a leaf with all its veins perceived, the fine hairs on a man's hands -- or else the world recedes and becomes blurred, artificial, indefinite, an abstract painting of a world. The darkening sky is hugely blue, gashed with rose, blood, flame from the volcano or wound or flower of the lowering sun. The wavering green, the sea of grass, piercingly bright. Black tree trunks, contorted, arching over the river.
Benjamin Franklin|Give me a lever long enough and a fulcrum on which to place it, and I shall move the world.
Harold Ramis|A psychologist said to me, there are only two important questions you have to ask yourself. What do you really feel? And, what do you really want? If you can answer those two, you probably can leave your neuroses behind you.
Jan Karon, Home to Holly Springs|In World War One, they called it shell shock. Second time around, they called it battle fatigue. After 'Nam, it was post-traumatic stress disorder.
Maria Gregory|You can't do it alone. Two things joined to a third thing are joined to each other. A is united to B and C is united to B. Therefore, A and C are united.
Jenkin Lloyd Jones|I think we need to do some deep soul searching about what's important in our lives and renew our spirit and our spiritual thinking, whether it's through faith-based religion or just through loving nature or helping your fellow man.
A.J. Beirens, Gesels van een imaginaire god|From history books you should at best believe just the punctuation. The rest is uncertain, incomplete, distorted, exaggerated or even fabricated.
Hank Moody|Parents, don’t invest in your child's teaching; invest in your child's learning.
Audrey Niffenegger, Her Fearful Symmetry|One day I'll work out what it is you are saying, my lad, and then you'll be in trouble.
Margaret George, The Memoirs of Cleopatra|But marrying within one's own family can get monotonous. One has heard all the same family stories, knows all the jokes and all the same recipes. No novelty.
Alice Bag|I don’t want to accidentally end up looking back on my life to find that I’m ashamed of myself, I want to live a life I can be proud of.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring|Against delay. Against the way that seems easier. Against refusal of the burden that is laid on me. Against - well, if it must be said, against trust in the strength and truth of Men.
Meena Sarine|Life makes two promises, one, it promises to be good, and two, it promises to be bad. Cherish the good and be strong during the bad.
Rhonda Byrnes|But of course, the universe does not conspire to put you in one place rather than another.
E. B. White|The way humor's usually used in horror, it's as a pressure-release valve; without it, the drama would escalate out of all control almost immediately.
Aberjhani, The River of Winged Dreams|There is no question of doing is purely on our own. But we must act. Grace is opposed to earning, not to effort. And it is well-directed, decisive, and sustained effort that is the key to the keys of the kingdom and to the life of restful power in ministry and life that those keys open to us.
Karen Jones Gowen, Farm Girl|Answering the question 'How would you like to smell?' by saying 'I'd rather I didn't' is also no longer acceptable. It's not playing the game. Men are expected to put some cash into the cosmetic pot too - it's seen as almost un-feminist not to. What a uniquely capitalist response to that gender inequality: women have been forced by convention for generations - millennia - to spend money on expensive clothes and agonising shoes, to daub themselves with reality-concealing slap, to smell expensively inhuman, to self-mutilate in pursuit of eternal youth; and this, quite rightly, has come to be deemed unfair. But how do we end this hell? We make men do it too. Well done everyone.
Hyperionova|Memories: some can be sucker punching, others carry you forward; some stay with you forever, others you forget on your own. You can’t really know which ones you’ll survive if you don’t stay on the battlefield, bad times shooting at you like bullets. But if you’re lucky, you’ll have plenty of good times to shield you.
J. R. R. Tolkien|I guess, to tell you the truth, I've never had much of a desire to grow facial hair. I think I've managed to play quarterback just fine without a mustache.
Richelle Mead, The Ruby Circle|We don't really have a song or anything." I pondered that for a second. "I guess we've failed as a couple in that regard."She scoffed. "If that's our biggest failing, then I think we're doing okay.
Marcia Angell|There is a measure needing courage to adopt and enforce it, which I believe to be of virtue sufficient to redeem the nation in this its darkest hour: one only; I know of no other to which we may rationally trust for relief from impending dangers without and within.
Allen Ginsberg|It doesn’t matter,” said Adrian, smiling. He rested a hand on my shoulder. “Some things are worth the trouble.
Mary Jane Hathaway, Persuasion, Captain Wentworth and Cracklin' Cornbread|Lucy gripped her chilled glass of orange and raspberry juice. When Rebecca talked about Austen, she’d mostly mentioned Mr. Darcy or Mr. Knightley. She hadn’t really thought of the doe-eyed, pale-skinned heroines. 	On the screen, Anne Elliot walked down a long hallway, glancing just once at covered paintings, her mouth a grim line. Lucy thought Jane Austen would start the story with the romance, or the loss of it, but instead the tale seemed to begin with Anne’s home, and having to make difficult decisions. Maybe this writer from over two hundred years ago knew how everything important met at the intersection of family, home, love, and loss. This was something Lucy understood with every fiber of her being.
Pericles, The Funeral Oration of Pericles|Make up your minds that happiness depends on being free, and freedom depends on being courageous.
Kamand Kojouri|Nothing belongs to itself anymore. These trees are yours because you once looked at them. These streets are yours because you once traversed them. These coffee shops and bookshops, these cafés and bars, their sole owner is you. They gave themselves so willingly, surrendering to your perfume. You sang with the birds and they stopped to listen to you. You smiled at the sheepish stars and they fell into your hair. The sun and moon, the sea and mountain, they have all left from heartbreak. Nothing belongs to itself anymore. You once spoke to Him, and then God became yours. He sits with us in darkness now to plot how to make you ours.” K.K.
Kate Morton, The House at Riverton|No matter who you are or where you are, instinct tells you to go home
Nikki Rowe|The only cure to all this madness; is too dream, far and wide, if possibility doesn't knock, create a damn door. If the shoe doesn't fit, don't make it. If the journey your travelling seems to far fetched and wild beyond your imagination; continue on it, great things come to the risk takers. And last but not least, live today; here, right now, you'll thank your future self for it later.
Mary Ruefle|I have become an orchidwashed in on the salt white beach.Memory,what can I make of it nowthat might please you-this life, already wastedand still strewn with miracles?
Melissa Stein|Phrases such as "I'm beside myself," "I was frightened to pieces," "I feel lost," "I feel like part of me is missing," originated from a sense of soul loss.
Richard Paul Evans, The Walk|There's a problem with marrying up. You always worry that someday they'll see through you and leave. Or, worse yet, someone better will come along and take her. In my case, it wasn't someone. And it wasn't something better.
Virginia Postrel|Unfortunately, in some parts of the country, some kids are taught at an early age that being different is somehow bad or wrong or worthy of ridicule.
Bernie Sanders|My parents had three kids right after the Second World War, and we were all sort of sickly. Then I had a fourth sibling, with very serious asthma. The medical bills... So my parents always struggled.
Victor Hugo, The Toilers of the Sea|Could any State on Earth Immortall be,Venice by Her rare Goverment is She;Venice Great Neptunes Minion, still a Mayd,Though by the warrlikst Potentats assayed;Yet She retaines Her Virgin-waters pure,Nor any Forren mixtures can endure;Though, Syren-like on Shore and Sea, Her FaceEnchants all those whom once She doth embrace,Nor is ther any can Her bewty prizeBut he who hath beheld her with his Eyes:Those following Leaves display, if well observed,How she long Her Maydenhead preserved,How for sound prudence She still bore the Bell;Whence may be drawn this high-fetchd parallel,Venus and Venice are Great Queens in their degree,Venus is Queen of Love, Venice of Policie.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|A person experiments in life and reflects upon those events in order to discover how to lead a meaningful life. We conduct a quest searching for the source our essential being. What we seek is inside us waiting for us to discover. Until we realize the vital inner source that provides direction for our life, all our efforts are in vain. The ego with its craving and fearful protection strategies is what prevents us from perceiving the transparency of the world in which we belong. When we cease clinging to the past and no longer daydream of the future and unreservedly accept whatever is occurring while sacrificing ourselves in service of other people our sense of self vanishes and we exist only as conscious and nonjudgmental witnesses of reality.
Honore de Balzac|When I was growing up, you didn't know there was a women's national team. Now girls grow up dreaming of playing for Canada.
J.C. Whitfield|Terror is an artery. Running unfailing channels of bloodied thoroughfares by dint of the wilds beyond our knowing. Fluctuations and murmurs are audible within the splintered leeway of our preserve as a consequence of interstices modeled in such brutality. This appended artery offers no direction; idle and at times desultory. Bloodstained tracks and avenues guide casualties. Terror, like death, is not complicated, nor is it simple. It is but routine—natural. To call it otherwise is to parsimoniously say that birth is effortless, hurricanes are facile, and earthquakes are meek when they are a lot more.Myths, parables, and allegories lie in the construct of terror. Kings have fallen and succeeded in the yarns of terror. Simple men have been turned into heroes due to terror. Villains have been great orchestrators in the art of terror, allowing sole individuals and denizens to feel their makings. A soul never needed God to feel terror. The most nihilistic can undergo such a dreadful emotion. Animals are perfect examples of this. They are well-equipped creations to the world of terror and death, holding no cognizance to deity or creator.Terror is quite exclusive as it is a function of the mind, conducted by the intersections and throughways of nerves and bounded to that alone. Although it approaches with university, like hunger or sickness, it is selfish by fashion and segregating in nature. But death is quite opposite… death is all embracing. Disregarded and glossed over, it is never reserved or inaudible, especially if you listen hard enough.Death transmits a signal that can be discerned if you listen hard enough. Frail in birthing, the airing is not limited to the clairvoyant, though they are a standard audience. The most simple-minded can hear this. But they choose to ignore it for whatever grounds. Even in the obviousness of it when it comes in dream, awaking its public in night terrors and cold sweats, it should be heeded.In lurk of dark uncertainties the signal should be adhered in this societal horrific caprice.Death is a declaration waiting to broadcast the haunting awareness of our own deterrence.And within these pages is its proclamation.
Dada Bhagwan|During anger, the parmanus (subatomic particles) are fiery and fierce and during greed, there are parmanus (subatomic particles) of attraction towards money.
-Lekshmi SP|Love is just a word for him,where she means a world to him!
Josh Turner|If you find it in your heart to care for somebody else, you will have succeeded.
Howard Schultz|I've always maintained - a captain is only as good as his team. It is not about my leadership, it is not about me.
Danny Thomas|To these ideals which were instilled in me when I was a youth, I attribute in a large degree the success that was mine on the bicycle tracks of the world.
Rohan B. Rebello|The more you resist, the stronger you get.
C.S. Lewis|I do not think there is a demonstrative proof (like Euclid) of Christianity, nor of the existence of matter, nor of the good will and honesty of my best and oldest friends. I think all three are (except perhaps the second) far more probable than the alternatives. The case for Christianity in general is well given by Chesterton…As to why God doesn't make it demonstratively clear; are we sure that He is even interested in the kind of Theism which would be a compelled logical assent to a conclusive argument? Are we interested in it in personal matters? I demand from my friend trust in my good faith which is certain without demonstrative proof. It wouldn't be confidence at all if he waited for rigorous proof. Hang it all, the very fairy-tales embody the truth. Othello believed in Desdemona's innocence when it was proved: but that was too late. Lear believed in Cordelia's love when it was proved: but that was too late. 'His praise is lost who stays till all commend.' The magnanimity, the generosity which will trust on a reasonable probability, is required of us. But supposing one believed and was wrong after all? Why, then you would have paid the universe a compliment it doesn't deserve. Your error would even so be more interesting and important than the reality. And yet how could that be? How could an idiotic universe have produced creatures whose mere dreams are so much stronger, better, subtler than itself?
Jean Dujardin|It's so funny because I listen to songs that I recorded that I didn't really know anything about at the time. Later on I'm starting to feel the songs. Sing them first, feel them later.
Moffat Machingura, Life Capsules|Confidently step into the future, knowing that God has got you this far as a promise that He is able to get you beyond.
Fiona Apple|I believe the stars are the headlights of angels driving from heaven to save usto save us...Won't you look at the sky?They're driving from heaven into our eyes. And though final words are so hard to devise, I promise that I'll always remember your pretty eyes.
Chris Matakas, My Mastery: Continued Education Through Jiu Jitsu|If Jiu Jitsu does not make you a better father, son, mother, daughter, wife or husband, you are missing the point. If Jiu Jitsu does not leave you viewing strangers in a kinder light, you are missing the point. If you are not better equipped to deal with the vicissitudes of life due to your training, then you are not really training.
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, The Illusion of "Truth": The Real Jesus Behind the Grand Myth|Had the common man in (first century) Palestine thought about it at all, he would have considered the world flat, with land riding on and surrounded by water below and above. Keeping water up there was the “firmament” – a great, canopy-like dome not too far beyond where birds could fly. Indeed, the firmament had gates for the sun and moon to go through, and through which water fell as rain from the waters above.
Neil Gaiman, Coraline|It is not flesh and blood, but heart which makes us fathers and sons.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Choose your counsel, company and companions wisely: beware seeking wise words of advice from a fool or expecting informed opinions or decisions from the ignorant.
Harlan Coben|Thank you... fantasy football draft, for letting me know that even in my fantasies, I am bad at sports.
Kameron Hurley, The Geek Feminist Revolution|I spent a great deal of my ilfe trying to be quiet and nice and not piss anyone off. I was misereable. It served no purpose. And they still came for me. It made me even easier to dismiss, to overlook, to assume I was just somebody else everybody could roll over and spout off ridiculously sexist, racist crap without dissent.But nodding and smiling gets old. It makes it easier for people to box you up and ship you off, I'm only really alive when I'm pissing people off anyway
George R.R. Martin, A Feast for Crows|Men come and go. They lie, or die, or leave you. A mountain is not a man, though, and a stone is a mountain's daughter. I trust myself, and I trust my mules. I won't fall.
Martin Luther King Jr.|The question is not if we will be extremists, but what kind of extremists we will be. The nation and the world are in dire need of creative extremists.
Brian Jacques, The Legend of Luke|Sometimes friends do go from us-it will happen more and more as you grow up, Chugg. But if you really love your friends, they're never really gone. Somewhere they're watching over you and they're always there inside your heart.-Martin
Howard Tayler, Emperor Pius Dei|... we [can] catch fish and just throw them back... it [doesn't] seem to hurt the fish much past a cut lip. But then... one [may] swallow the hook...[it'd be] a goner, whether we tried to pull it out or just cut the line. Because once you've swallowed the hook, there's no losing it. Me, I've swallowed it big time. 
Debasish Mridha|If you cultivate inner peace, flowers of happiness will grow in your garden to spread the fragrance of peace all over the world.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|That's the life, she said to me, as we watched a puppy chase its own tail. That's what I want to be next.I had laughed. you would wind up as a cat, I told her. They don't need anyone else.I need you, she replied.Well, I said. Maybe I'll come back as catnip.
Steven Hall, The Raw Shark Texts|Myth Number 4: Social Media Is the Shiny New Thing. Two Years from Now, That Bubble Will Burst Yes, it is the shiny new thing. No, two years from now, that bubble will not burst. There is no bubble. What social media represents is an evolution in the field of communications, just as the Internet and mobility before it. The tools will change, the platforms will evolve, but the way in which people communicate with other people through digital networks and electronic devices has been fundamentally transformed through the development of social media. We did not grow tired of the telephone, of the...
Sue Detweiler, 9 Traits of a Life-Giving Mom: Replacing My Worst with God's Best|We all need role models in different seasons, people we look to who bring encouragement for the journey. Every role model but One will fail. If we get up-close we will see that each one is imperfect, except the One perfect lamb who was crucified for our sins. He was the scapegoat. He was the rejected One.
Graham Greene, Journey Without Maps|I had been afraid of the primitive, had wanted it broken gently, but here it came on us in a breath, as we stumbled up through the dung and the cramped and stinking huts to our lampless sleeping place among the rats. It was the worst one need fear, and it was bearable because it was inescapable.
Elizabeth Scott, Living Dead Girl|I thought living dead girls couldn't feel pain, thought I was emptied out but I'm not, I'm not.
Rohit Sharma|Sometimes, I love to fight with you…Because, we end up loving each other more.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With self-discipline, self-determination and self-endurance you can achieve the goal.
William Bartram|When we realize we can make a buck cleaning up the environment, it will be done!
William Shakespeare|Travellers ne'er did lie,Though fools at home condemn 'em.-Antonio
Swami Satchidananda|When you win and the other fellow loses, what do you see? A losing face. There is great joy in losing and making the other person win and have a happy face. Who will be the happiest person? The one who brings happiness to others.
Tucker Elliot, The Day Before 9/11|We could never go back to how things were on the day before 9/11, but maybe I could go back to who I was.
Damien Keown, Buddhism: A Very Short Introduction|By learning to observe without becoming involved, the pattern of stimulus-response which underlies most human behaviour can be broken. Little by little the realisation dawns that one is free to choose how to react in all situations … The grip of long-standing habits is weakened and replaced with a new sense of freedom.
Jacqueline Simon Gunn|when you make mistakes,take your time to make corrections;that which helps in building up your INTELLIGIENCE but when you compromise in making corrections,you may end up being a FAILURE
Debatrayee Banerjee, A Whispering Leaf. . .|Solitude that throws the honest rays of perfect euphoria; Solitude that makes me breathe in the real me; Solitude I call it - my abode, my self made haven; Solitude I call it - the sanguine face of Loneliness.
Ciara|Life is not a solo act. It's a huge collaboration, and we all need to assemble around us the people who care about us and support us in times of strife.
Marie Sexton, Promises|Jared was completely gone now, holding his stomach and laughing so hard that tears were running down his face. Matt turned on him and snapped, "It's not funny," which only made Jared laugh harder."Any of you guys strict about top or bottom?" Angelo asked, "'Cause if so, you'll screw it all up-""Literally," Cole said."And we'll have to start all over." Angelo turned to Matt. "If you got a strong preference you better say so now.""Lay it all out, so to speak," Cole said."On the table." Angelo said."For all to see.""Zach does like to watch," Angelo said, winking at me, and I was relieved that with the direction the conversation was going, nobody took him seriously."Then it's settled!" Cole said. "Who's going where with whom first? Zach, I think you're up." He winked at me. "Or you soon will be.""Oh dear God," Mat moaned, hanging his head. "I knew I shouldn't have come.""Don't worry about it a bit," Cole said. "I'm sure Zach can coax at least one more out of you."Jared laughed so hard, I was amazed he managed to stay in his chair.
J.R.R. Tolkien|I wish Merry was here," he heard himself saying, and quick thoughts raced through his mind, even as he watched the enemy come charging to the assault. "Well, well, now at any rate I understand poor Denethor a little better. We might die together, Merry and I, and since die we must, why not? Well, as he is not here, I hope he'll find an easier end. But now I must do my best.
Compton Gage|You are judged many times more by what you do in groups than for what you do as individuals. If one thousand of you participate in the murder of one child, then one thousand of you are a thousand times guilty.
Winston S. Churchill|Man has no individual i. But there are, instead, hundreds and thousands of separate small "i"s, very often entirely unknown to one another, never coming into contact, or, on the contrary, hostile to each other, mutually exclusive and incompatible. Each minute, each moment, man is saying or thinking, "i". And each time his i is different. just now it was a thought, now it is a desire, now a sensation, now another thought, and so on, endlessly. Man is a plurality. Man's name is legion.
Elizabeth George Speare, The Witch of Blackbird Pond|I have the time and the heart to fall and feel in love, but I am scared that I cannot certainly tell the difference between a slut and a beloved anymore.
Lex Luger|Sister is probably the most competitive relationship within the family, but once the sisters are grown, it becomes the strongest relationship.
Laura Kreitzer, Burning Falls|Her mum is leaning against the wall, arms crossed, when Summer exits. “Gage left from here a few minutes ago,” she says, tone neutral. “His hair was ruffled.” She gestures with her hand above her head.The haze Gage left Summer in vanishes. She frowns.Her mum sighs and steps forward. Smooths her daughter’s hair. “If he hurts you,” she says in a mild tone, “I’ll kill him.
Esha Gupta|Mama was my greatest teacher, a teacher of compassion, love and fearlessness. If love is sweet as a flower, then my mother is that sweet flower of love.
Louise Penny, Bury Your Dead|And Beauvoir knew then the man was a saint. He's been touched by any number of medical men and women. All healers, all well intentioned, some kind, some rough. All made it clear they wanted him to live, but none had made him feel that his life was precious, was worth saving, was worth something.
Stephen Covey|A man who becomes conscious of the responsibility he bears toward a human being who affectionately waits for him, or to an unfinished work, will never be able to throw away his life. He knows the 'why' for his existence, and will be able to bear almost any 'how.'
Helen Russell, The Year of Living Danishly: My Twelve Months Unearthing the Secrets of the World's Happiest Country|To think, or not to think...This is the true question.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|Whoever hates, harm.
Chinua Achebe, The Education of a British-Protected Child: Essays|...looking back, has this journalism experience been a nightmare for you?''Not entirely.''Did you enjoy any of it?''I liked going to the library,' he says. 'I think I prefer books to people -- primary sources scare me.
Kurt Student|I demand for the unmarried mother, as a sacred channel of life, the same reverence and respect as for the married mother; for Maternity is a cosmic thing and once it has come to pass, our conversation must not be permitted to blaspheme it.
Xiaolu Guo, A Concise Chinese-English Dictionary for Lovers|The loneliness comes to me in certain hours everyday, like a visitor. Like a friend you never expected, a friend you never really want to be with, but he always visit you and love you somehow,
Cory Gardner|I cry at anything remotely touching - smile at me warmly and I'm off... television also does it, everything from 'X-Factor' to cereal commercials. I cry when I am tired. I also cry when I laugh.
Lenore Kandel, Collected Poems of Lenore Kandel|Bedtime is daytime, and we come into bloom after midnight.
Ray Stone, The Trojan Towers|What a slacker. Just because daddy paid for his college education, he thinks he can avoid dying for his country." -- Willie "Drafted
Muriel Barbery, The Life of Elves|The time of man is coming, and of this I am certain: neither death, nor life, nor the spirits, nor the present, nor the future, nor the stars, nor the abyss, nor any creature: nothing will keep from love those who live in our land, and by our land. The time of man is coming─men who will know the nobility of forests and the grace of trees, men who will know how to contemplate and heal and, lastly, how to love.
Anna Kavan, Asylum Piece|All at once I feel desperate, outraged. Why am I alone doomed to spend nights of torment, with an unseen jailer, when all the rest of the world sleeps peacefully? By what laws have I been tried and condemned, without my knowledge, and to such a heavy sentence, too, when I do not even know of what or by whom I have been indicted? A wild impulse comes to me to protest, to demand a hearing, to refuse to submit any longer to such injustice. But to whom can one appeal when one does not even know where to find the judge? How can one ever hope to prove one’s innocence when there is no means of knowing of what one has been accused? No, there’s no justice for people like us in the world: all that we can do is to suffer as bravely as possible and put our oppressors to shame.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Princess|On a Tuesday they were we, and by Friday they were dead and they buried them in the courtyard side by side, oh, my love, and they buried them dies by side" breaking away from Gideon with some reluctance, Sophie, rose to her feet and dusted off her dress. "Please forgive me, my dear Mr. Lightwood-I mean Gideon- but I must go murder the cook. I shall be directly back.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|We are all different. Don’t judge, understand instead.
Darnell Lamont Walker|America seemed like a place for honest people. The United States of America. The land of the free and the home of the brave. The most righteous, politically correct and awesomest country in the world. It even says "in god we trust" on the dollar bills. God bless America.
Sereda Aleta Dailey, The Magnificent Weight Loss System|That's it! Stretch way beyond your perceived limitations..Go for yours like you own it already, because you truly do.
Matt Perman, What's Best Next: How the Gospel Transforms the Way You Get Things Done|Don’t be attached to outcomes.Enjoy your experiences for whatthey are, what you have gainedand what you have learned.
Terry Jones|What really alarms me about President Bush's 'War on Terrorism' is the grammar. How do you wage war on an abstract noun? How is 'Terrorism' going to surrender? It's well known, in philological circles, that it's very hard for abstract nouns to surrender.
Gavhi Theron|Three ways to Change: First is behaving Positively, Second is behaving Positively and the Third is stop being Negative."- Gavhi Theron.P
Mariam Thalos, Facebook and Philosophy: What's on Your Mind?|Although it might seem as though anonymity, invisibility, and other such distancing factors grant us the freedom to engage in more authentic forms of self-expression than we're usually permitted, [John] Suler warns against the temptation to regard disinhibition as "revealing of an underlying 'rue self." He suggests instead that the inhibited self and disinhibited self are simply different *sides* of the *same* person. So Suler challenges the intuitive notion that whatever inhibits us thereby diminishes the authenticity of our self-expression.
N. E. Conneely, Witch for Hire|Elron: These were happy woods. The entire place was happy from the house to the gardens to the woods. But this one little garden had something extra. It was excited. Something odd for plants and trees. They were prone to joy, happiness, sorrow and tranquility but not something as active as excitement. Someone had spent a lot of time here and a bit of their personality had seeped into the place. That someone was excited about life and probably young. Strange. Few youth of any race knew enough to transmit their feelings. The trees whispered about a person, moving and bending with change. The plants gossiped about tenderness shown them but the air breathed words of rage and despair in my ear. The plants didn't know gender but I got the impression of a woman, a young woman. The altar indicated she was a witch. A good witch.
Michael Pollan, The Omnivore's Dilemma: A Natural History of Four Meals|Disquite SonnetI wish that I could find the words to tellYou were it hurts; nothing breaking my skinSlices whispering in my brain like hellLeaking suggestions of a morose grinCannot collect my thoughts long enough toShare them in an understandable waySo I lock my lips firmly and walk throughLife, searching for the perfect words to sayTrapped in my head, I seek to be let outGrasping connections with those who might knowWhat it feels like, alone in a crowd, doubtFilling my body with reasons to goFace to face, I might not find the right phraseBut I hope someone hears me anyway
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|The question is: will I get used to a menu with kilojoules instead of calories? I mean, I don’t think anyone even knows how many kilojoules are in a calorie. I had to break out a whiteboard this morning and do calculus just to figure out how many calories were in a glass of water Down Under.
Marion Zimmer Bradley, The Door Through Space|By and large, the kind of science fiction which makes tomorrow's headlines as near as this morning's coffee has enlarged popular awareness of the modern, miraculous world of science we live in. It has helped generations of young people feel at age with a changing 
