Thomas Ligotti, The Nightmare Factory|The only sound is the audible record of her thrusts as she becomes wetter. Her beautiful voice echoing in his head, they share the sounds of their amorous flesh moving in unbridled rhythm.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|He made a sound like a choked laughed before he reached out and pulled her into her arms. She was aware of Luke watching them from the window, but she shut her eyes resolutely and buried her face against Jace's shoulder. He smelled of salt and blood, and only when his mouth came close to her ear did she understand what he was saying, and it was the simplest litany of all: her name, just her name.
Thomas S. Monson, Pathways To Perfection: Discourses Of Thomas S. Monson|The fall of one regime does not bring in a utopia. Rather, it opens the way for hard work and long efforts to build more just social, economic,and political relationships and the eradication of other forms of injustices and oppression.
Kamand Kojouri|Do not give them a candle to light the way, teach them how to make fire instead. That is the meaning of enlightenment.
Ama H. Vanniarachchy|Mother was a beautiful young woman; the house was too plain, too small to contain her. I watched her; for the first time I understood that she had an inner life that didn't have anything to do with me or my brothers and sisters.
Nicole Krauss, The History of Love|So many words get lost. They leave the mouth and lose their courage, wandering aimlessly until they are swept into the gutter like dead leaves. On rainy days, you can hear their chorus rushing past: IwasabeautifulgirlPleasedon’tgoItoobelievemybodyismadeofglass-I’veneverlovedanyoneIthinkofmyselfasfunnyForgiveme….There was a time when it wasn’t uncommon to use a piece of string to guide words that otherwise might falter on the way to their destinations. Shy people carried a little bunch of string in their pockets, but people considered loudmouths had no less need for it, since those used to being overheard by everyone were often at a loss for how to make themselves heard by someone. The physical distance between two people using a string was often small; sometimes the smaller the distance, the greater the need for the string.	The practice of attaching cups to the ends of string came much later. Some say it is related to the irrepressible urge to press shells to our ears, to hear the still-surviving echo of the world’s first expression. Others say it was started by a man who held the end of a string that was unraveled across the ocean by a girl who left for America.When the world grew bigger, and there wasn’t enough string to keep the things people wanted to say from disappearing into the vastness, the telephone was invented.Sometimes no length of string is long enough to say the thing that needs to be said. In such cases all the string can do, in whatever its form, is conduct a person’s silence.
Rudy Giuliani|The one thing that unites all human beings, regardless of age, gender, religion or ethnic background, is that we all believe we are above-average drivers.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|They scattered with no melody, no harmony, no rhythm to hold them. If music was emotion and emotion came from thought, then this was the scream of chaos, of the irrational, of the helpless, of man’s self-abdication.
Gugu Mona|The fact had become as invisible to him as someone on Earth thinking about being held to a spinning celestial object by nothing more than mass, shielded from the fusion reaction of the sun by only distance and air.
Yasmin Mogahed, Reclaim Your Heart: Personal Insights on Breaking Free from Life's Shackles|I believe that the victims and their families should start lodging civil actions for negligence against the politicians. Allowing treasonous murderers into our countries, at the tragic cost to our citizens is worthy of a court action. And as soon as the first judgment goes in favour of the plaintiff, that will change the immigration policies overnight, because, as we know, money is the only thing that talks.
Mary Doria Russell, The Sparrow|The mountain trees that grew between the pines were a brilliant blaze of fall colors, like fire against the emerald green of the pines, firs and pruces. And it was, as I'd told myself long ago, the year's last passionate love affair before it grew old and died from the frosty bite of winter.
Joy Reidenberg|If you don't understand how the world works, then everything is a mystery to you. If everything is magical and mysterious, then you really don't work on logic anymore. Then, everything is all about belief.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|A humanitarian seldom makes a good lover. For a lover’s world revolves around their lover, while a humanitarian’s world revolves around the world.
Anna Gavalda, Someone I Loved|Life is stronger than you are, even when you deny it, even when you neglect it, even when you refuse to admit it.
Becky G|It's not about being rich, but everyone back home has a pool. And I was a total water baby. My mom couldn't get me out - she'd put my dinner plate at the end of the pool, and I'd eat my meals in the water.
R.A.Delmonico|Following imprinting, valuations become locally coherent, as the consumer attempts to reconcile future decisions of a "similar kind" with the initial one. This creates an illusion of order, because consumers' coherent responses to subsequent changes in conditions disguise the arbitrary nature of the initial, foundation choice.
Nikki Rowe|It wasn't exactly love at first sight, but it was deeper than that. A sense of belonging to a place I never knew I wanted but somehow always needed. It was a home that carried a heartbeat.
A.A. Milne, When We Were Very Young|It is not important how successful you are, the only thing that matters is how good a person you are...
Jess Lowe|When I die, I want to be remembered for what I did, not what I could've done
Anuradha Bhattacharyya, One Word|What common people call beauty is essentially nature. The moment nature abandons you, your beauty is lost forever.
Hiroko Sakai|yes, i have dated Salvador Dali guy when i was a high school girl. he was a great lover. but i had to dump him because he stole my inspiration of bent clock*~* .... who cares...
Chuck Klosterman, The Visible Man|The trouble with space is, there's so much of it.An ocean of blackness without any shore.A neverending nothing.And here, all alone in the million billion miles of midnight, is one solitary moving speck. A fragile parcel filled with sleeping people and their dreams.
Nutan Bajracharya|A scale can tell what a body weighs, but not its value.
Winston Churchill|Failure is only postponed success as long as courage "coaches" ambition. The habit of persistence is the habit of victory.
Paul Arden|It does not take much strength to do things, but it requires a great deal of strength to decide what to do.
Virginia Woolf, A Writer's Diary|Never forget that once upon a time, in an unguarded moment, you recognized yourself as a friend.
Barbara Blatner, The Still Position: A Verse Memoir of My Mother's Death|...I pluck every day from my sweater or chair, red hairs...strands of significance, traces of you in my life ...
Chuck Palahniuk, Invisible Monsters|My mom says, "Do you know what the AIDS memorial quilt is all about?"Jump to how much I hate my brother at this moment.I bought this fabric because I thought it would make a nice panel for Shane," Mom says. "We just ran into some problems with what to sew on it."Give me amnesia.Flash.Give me new parents.Flash.Your mother didn't want to step on any toes," Dad says. He twists a drumstick off and starts scraping the meat onto a plate. "With gay stuff you have to be so careful since everything means something in secret code. I mean, we didn't want to give people the wrong idea."My Mom leans over to scoop yams onto my plate, and says, "Your father wanted a black border, but black on a field of blue would mean Shane was excited by leather sex, you know, bondage and discipline, sado and masochism." She says, "Really, those panels are to help the people left behind."Strangers are going to see us and see Shane's name," my dad says. "We didn't want them thinking things."The dishes all start their slow clockwise march around the table. The stuffing. The olives. The cranberry sauce. "I wanted pink triangles but all the panels have pink triangles," my mom says. "It's the Nazi symbol for homosexuals." She says,"Your father suggested black triangles, but that would mean Shane was a lesbian. It looks like female pubic hair. The black triangle does."My father says, "Then I wanted a green border, but it turns out that would mean Shane was a male prostitute."My mom says, "We almost chose a red border, but that would mean fisting. Brown would mean either scat or rimming, we couldn't figure which."Yellow," my father says, "means watersports."A lighter shade of blue," Mom says, "would mean just regular oral sex."Regular white," my father says, "would mean anal. White could also mean Shane was excited by men wearing underwear." He says, "I can't remember which."My mother passes me the quilted chicken with the rolls still warm inside.We're supposed to sit and eat with Shane dead all over the table in front of us.Finally we just gave up," my mom says, "and I made a nice tablecloth out of the material."Between the yams and the stuffing, Dad looks down at his plate and says, "Do you know about rimming?"I know it isn't table talk.And fisting?" my mom asks.I say, I know. I don't mention Manus and his vocational porno magazines.We sit there, all of us around a blue shroud with the turkey more like a big dead baked animal than ever, the stuffing chock full of organs you can still recognize, the heart and gizzard and liver, the gravy thick with cooked fat and blood. The flower centerpiece could be a casket spray.Would you pass the butter, please?" my mother says. To my father she says, "Do you know what felching is?
Dashiell Hammett, The Thin Man|She stared at him dully and said: “I don’t like crooks, and even if I did, I wouldn’t like crooks that are stool-pigeons, and if I liked crooks that are stool-pigeons, I still wouldn’t like you.” She turned to the outer door.
Caroline George, The Vestige|Our surroundings fade and we exist in unison, two people who once shared cups of coffee, unprecedentedly ourselves in a changing world.
Hazrat Ali Ibn Abu-Talib A.S|When the world pushes you to your knees, you're in the perfect position to pray
Mother Teresa|Love is not patronizing and charity isn't about pity, it is about love. Charity and love are the same -- with charity you give love, so don't just give money but reach out your hand instead.
Phil Kaye|The reading of good books could soothe human stupidity, the problem is that human stupidity does not like to read.
Matshona Dhliwayo|We all come into the world rocks, but the enlightened leave it diamonds.
Wheeler Scott, Snow|I was laughing and he was too, and there we were, tangled up together in the water and sunshine. In a good kind of way.
Alex Rosa, Tryst|Sounds like this ability stuff went okay with Shane after all. I had no idea that he would react like that,” Noah said.“Yeah, well, it helps when he wants to rip Nessa’s clothes off,” I said grinning.“Hey, I might just let him. He is pretty hot,” Nessa joked.-Noah, Cora and Nessa
Dishika Zaman Tasnim|The poor are not allowed to own thoughts, he told his young son.
H.L. Mencken|No matter how happily a woman may be married, it always pleases her to discover that there is a nice man who wishes that she were not.
Marie Lu, Champion|Money is the most important thing in the world, you know. Money can buy you happiness, and I don't care what anyone else thinks.
Michael Marshall, The Straw Men|Doing things for yourself (self-preservation) are ok in in small doses and when necessary but over-burdening you life with your own self will weaken your heart, soul connectivity with others
S.A. Tawks, The Spirit of Pessimism|You've got to try and not let it keep you down. Sure, let it hurt but don't let it harm you.
Oliver Stone|However, I must say that I am very happy to see that we have such a positive result for our first referendum in our history and that gives me more confidence in Taiwan's democracy.
Abraham Lincoln|Parliament of the country is the repository of the sovereign will of the people, and its successful functioning is a joint responsibility of both the government and the Opposition.
Robert Englund|If you use your imagination, you can look at any actress and see her nude... I hope to make you use your imagination.
Antonin Scalia|Creativity is not merely the innocent spontaneity of our youth and childhood; it must also be married to the passion of the adult human being, which is a passion to live beyond one's death.
Anatole France|I exercised my mental muscles in the library, and lo and behold, I transformed myself from a casual reader into a focused one. So it was more than just free books, but also free space and a culture that reinforced settling down, deep reading, thinking, imagining, and exploring with my mind. I am no doubt a writer today because I had a place to go as a kid, where I knew stories were essential, and where everybody also reveled in the wonder within books.
Gayle Forman, Where She Went|In the calculus of feelings, you never really know how one person's absence will affect you more than another's.
Katherine McIntyre, Scrying for Summer|Despite the cold chill, she burned inside with a hunger she didn’t want to dismiss. Not tonight.
Tom Vilsack|For many years, Myanmar's leadership was largely shut out from the world of international diplomacy.
Roman Payne, The Wanderess|The comedy in our lives was those first few weeks we lived together in Paris: Our bodies desired one another, our souls opened for one another. We experienced all of the happiness and anguish of first love. Those first few weeks in Paris, we barely touched lips; yet the few times we did, it had the force of a collision of stars.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann|Few tears are just the memoirs of indication, what you will go through in near future...
Leo Tolstoy, After the Ball|We take comfort in the notion of an unbridgeable gulf between good and evil, but maybe we should understand, as Zimbardo's work suggested, that evil is incremental - something we are all capable of, given the right circumstances.
Zainab Omaki, Side Babies: Contemporary Women In Africa|The feeling, all encompassing, safe and warm like a blanket permanently draped over her shoulders, follows her around. She takes it into the shower, to meals with her mother and sister, to work as she reads out the news script, her voice never faltering.
James Patterson, First Love|- What day is it?- It's today, - squeaked Piglet.- My favorite day, - said Pooh. ("Winnie-the Pooh", A.A. Milne)
Robert T. Pennock, Tower of Babel: The Evidence Against the New Creationism|It has been said at various points in history that the current sum of humanknowledge is but a fraction of that which was once known, yet now is lost.Likewise, it is argued with simple mathematics that any sum of knowledge wemay yet accrue must always equate to virtually nothing when compared to theinfinity of what is. Apparently our's is a fate of perpetual ignorance. What then is truly lost in the course of human events?(attrib: 'R.I.B. Ushguriud', Note On The Text)
Charles Dickens, Bleak House|Very strange things comes to our knowledge in families, miss; bless your heart, what you would think to be phenomenons, quite ... Aye, and even in gen-teel families, in high families, in great families ... and you have no idea ... what games goes on!
Genereux Philip|GOD IS MY PROVIDER I BRAG DIFFERENT, THROUGH HIM ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE.
Sanober  Khan, Turquoise Silence|it was the kind of moonthat I would want to send back to my ancestorsand gift to my descendantsso they know that I too,have been bruised...by beauty.
Prince Akwarandu|My talent is that I do not appreciate money in the waythe world appreciates money.The Religion Of The Blue CircleReligious Leader Petra Cecilia Maria HermansNovember 16, 2016
Max Lucado|Truth is, we don’t get grace. But it sure can get us.
Eileen Cook, Unraveling Isobel|The mother was holding a baby, had a stroller with what looked like twin girls around three, and had a five-year-old boy who was running around the shelves with a finger shoved up his nose. I considered warning him that if he fell, he would poke his brain out, but it struck me that losing intelligence was not something he was worried about.
Lorrie Moore, Anagrams|This is why a woman makes things up: Because when she dies, those lives she never got to are all going down with her. All those possibilities will just site there like a bunch of school kids with their hands raised and uncalled on--each knowing, really knowing, the answer.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Mr Winckler clapped his hands together. “Evil, as personified by me. Meet the new Dark Lord. But you can call me Albert.
Fredrik Backman|Rune never said anything about it. But to anyone who had known him a long time, it was as if he grew a few centimetres shorter in the years that followed. As if he sort of crumpled with a deep sigh and never really breathed properly again.
Peter Ellis|Life is not about receiving. It is about giving, knowing that someone might learn, understand or grow that little bit from the experience
Jignesh Ahir, Rudra - Ek Nava Yug Ni Sharuaat|His guilt swelled up, churning like a paddle wheel in his stomach. He wanted desperately to flee. How do you escape something that comes from inside? The revenant, he knew, searched for him.
Delicious David, Dark Desires: II Gay Erotic Poems|One must speak in such a way that although someone else, or many others, or an infinite number of people have said it before, it seems as though you said it first.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|In a decadent society the will to believe, to resist, to contend, to fight, to struggle is gone. In place of this will to resist, there is the desire to conform, to drift, to follow, to yield, and not give up.
Edward Hirsch|I don't think poetry will die, but I think that poetry does demand a certain kind of attention to language. It does demand a certain space in order to read it, and I think that space is somewhat threatened by the lack of attention that people have and the amount of time that they give to things.
Glen Duncan|My father instilled in me an attitude that you couldn't really enjoy yourself unless you had done something to deserve it. So, my childhood was spent working on farms or local shops or, when I got older, in banks.
Catherynne M. Valente, In the Cities of Coin and Spice|I realize now, I was learning how to walk as well. I haven’t mastered the steps, I fall too. But im on my path, my path... and one day that path... will take me to her.
Fridik Erlings|The church trembled and the hail hammered the roof, but his words glided in the air, joyful and bright like the birds at the cliffs. They floated freely around one another without colliding and the wind carried them high up into heaven.
Jaclyn Moriarty, The Cracks in the Kingdom|How about we meet at midnight tomorrow and try this. I close my eyes, believe in you, and there you'll be.
J.D. Salinger, Franny and Zooey|It's everybody, I mean. Everything everybody does is so — I don't know — not wrong, or even mean, or even stupid necessarily. But just so tiny and meaningless and — sad-making. And the worst part is, if you go bohemian or something crazy like that, you're conforming just as much only in a different way.
Erik Pevernagie|Your first love is like your first language. No matter how many other languages you speak, you can never be as good as in your first.
Galileo Galilei|Ayurveda is a sister philosophy to yoga. It is the science of life or longevity and it teaches about the power and the cycles of nature, as well as the elements.
Lydia Michaels, La Vie en Rose: Life in Pink|We normally know we're getting older, when the only thing we want for our birthday, is not to be reminded; unless you're a cancer survivor, then we love being reminded!
Frances Hardinge, The Lie Tree|Yeah... they tell you to work from the inside, which is perhaps their greatest deception of all...
Paul Bamikole|We can pull down a nation if we can make them believe that education is not important. If they believe that it is important and begin to act on their belief, then there is nothing anyone can do stop them.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|The war for the Narmada valley is not just some exotic tribal war, or a remote rural war or even an exclusively Indian war. Its a war for the rivers and the mountains and the forests of the world. All sorts of warriors from all over the world, anyone who wishes to enlist, will be honored and welcomed. Every kind of warrior will be needed. Doctors, lawyers, teachers, judges, journalists, students, sportsmen, painters, actors, singers, lovers . . . The borders are open, folks! Come on in.
Carlos Wallace|What a beautiful country this must have been once, when you could hop in a coupe and buy a bag of burgers and drive, drive, drive, stopping to swim in a river or sleep in a grove of trees without worrying about intaking mutagens or having the militia arrest you and send you to the Everglades for eternity.
Vinnie Fisher, The Best Investment: A Better You|If you know something to be trueSay it onceThose who can, will receive itOnly the foolish believe they can justify a truth to a court of foolsHonor the truthFor even before a just judgeA lie can be proven to be credibleOn the other handTruth will never require a woman or man's justificationIt can stand aloneBe torn and ridiculed and even stillIt will remain True
Sheena Kamal, The Lost Ones|Diamond heists, romance & intrigue feature in Stella di Mare.
J.R.R. Tolkien|A great dread fell on him, as if he was awaiting the pronouncement of some doom that he had long foreseen and vainly hoped might after all never be spoken. An overwhelming longing to rest and remain at peace by Bilbo's side in Rivendell filled all his heart. At last with an effort he spoke, and wondered to hear his own words, as if some other will was using his small voice. "I will take the Ring," he said, "though I do not know the way.
Michelle Tea, Valencia|Those who are critical don’t like being criticized, and those who are insensitive have a deficiency in their senses.
Sivaprakash Sidhu|If you want to do something great, remember someone out there trying already to get that, I want you to be that some one.
Travis Bradberry|I work with a group of actors, and whenever one of us has an audition, we all get together, and we all work together on it. I think it takes us back to our film school days, our drama school days, us just working together and figuring it out because somebody else is going to see something in the material that you won't see.
Gayle Forman, Just One Year|The concept of Free Will makes no sense unless associated, somehow or the other, with Absolute Determinism; it is just as a man cannot walk without gravity arresting and spurring his pace simultaneously.
A. R. Rahman|It's one thing I like about America - they respect the sportsman. They put them up on a pedestal. They don't try to knock them down. And that's a great thing, to be respected by the whole country. It's so patriotic!
Mehmet Murat ildan|To reach your target quicker, don’t lose your time by looking back!
Sherwood Anderson, Winesburg, Ohio|He wanted most of all the people of his own mind, people with whom he could really talk, people he could harangue and scold by the hour, servants, you see, to his fancy. Among these people he was always self-confident and bold. They might talk, to be sure, and even have opinions of their own, but always he talked last and best. He was like a writer busy among the figures of his brain, a kind of tiny blue-eyed king he was, in a six-dollar room facing Washington Square in the city of New York.
W. Somerset Maugham, The Painted Veil|He lies to himself. If Eugenides talked in his sleep, he'd lie then, too.
Joanne Fluke, Lemon Meringue Pie Murder|Make sure you wear something appropriate, dear. You never know who you’ll run into and it’s always smart to look your best.
Louis C. K.|Creative risk taking is essential to success in any goal where the stakes are high. Thoughtless risks are destructive, of course, but perhaps even more wasteful is thoughtless caution which prompts inaction and promotes failure to seize opportunity.
William P. Leahy|I work in a strange business, and 'trust' is a word that's not even in the vocabulary.
Rodman Philbrick, The Last Book in the Universe|I believe that we have the ability to change our lives using our imaginations. Imagination is a muscle—the more you use it, the stronger it gets.
Rohvannyn Shaw|One challenge at a time, I try to turn into the face of fear and tell it “you are not my master, you are the product of my self and I am your master.” I look into the monster’s eyes until it disappears. Then I am free.
Anne Ursu, The Real Boy|This was not [him]. It was a thing, with all the [him]-ness gone from it. Death takes the person and leaves his shell behind, like a hollowed-out tree.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|At first, they'll only dislike what you say, but the more correct you start sounding the more they'll dislike you.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If you don’t reach out to me when I am in distress, do you want to celebrate my success?
Barton Gellman|The National Security Agency has broken privacy rules or overstepped its legal authority thousands of times each year since Congress granted the agency broad new powers in 2008, according to an internal audit and other top-secret documents.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|You don’t need to see yourself through the delusional eyes of the society. It’s the society that needs to see you, through your eyes.
James S.A. Corey, Leviathan Wakes|Your eyes having a nervous breakdown? Do you not know what to do? Well-guess what!” He stomps to the left of the recruit, pushing the recruit’s head into his until their cheeks meld together. He points out in front of them both. “I don’t care if some monkey is rippin’ your eyeballs out with rusty nails! YOU STARE UP FRONT AT ATTENTION! RIGHT THERE! IS THAT CLEAR!
Scott Stabile|when you hate others, you hate yourself.when you hate yourself, you hate others.when you love others, you love yourself.when you love yourself, you love others.there is no separation.
Wes Jackson, Becoming Native to This Place|An important ethical function of identity politics, in this context, is to highlight that obstacles to the self-development of individuals, and to the formation and exercise of their agency, emerge in complex cultural and psychic forms, as well as through more familiar kinds of socio-economic inequality.
Madeleine Roux, House of Furies|You are ruin and chaos to them, but you are lovely to my eye.''You're brave or daft, then,' she said, quite rightly. 'Chaos and ruin. Where does that leave me, then?
James Hollis, Under Saturn's Shadow: The Wounding and Healing of Men|To leave the comforts of home, the mother world, one must have some place to go. Admittedly, the rites of passage of traditional cultures were to initiate the youth into a simpler society, a more homogenous culture than ours. As well, their interest lay not in the individuation of the person but in the integration of the unformed person into the collective definition of tribal masculinity. Still, take away such psychically charged images of identity, take away the wisdom of the elders, take away the community of men, and one has the modern world.
Richard Adams, Watership Down|My heart has joined the Thousand, for my friend stopped running today.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Think positive, Act positive.
Terry Pratchett, Wintersmith|Och, my potion is boiling. I need to say good night and keep an eye on the pot. Ye canna overboil newt's eyeballs.
Tina Seelig, What I Wish I Knew When I Was 20|You think an idea's bad but to others, it's a brilliant idea. Instead of thinking that an idea is bad, look at it differently and the final outcome of this "bad" idea will shock you. Rules should be followed. It is a tradition to know what can and can't be done. But innovation doesn't require the boundaries rules provide. It is when you stop following that you start having unexpected fun.
Sigmund Freud, The Interpretation of Dreams|Properly speaking, the unconscious is the real psychic; its inner nature is just as unknown to us as the reality of the external world, and it is just as imperfectly reported to us through the data of consciousness as is the external world through the indications of our sensory organs.
Lord Hailsham|I write against the religion because if women want to live like human beings, they will have to live outside the religion and Islamic law.
Lee Thompson|...people change, even good people, if they get the wrong thing in their head. And not everything is always what it looks like and sometimes just because one person looks weak, they might be very strong, and another person might look like a spooky freak but he might be one of the kindest people you'd ever meet. And I guess I learned that time is slippery...We have to enjoy every second, love with all our hearts, all we can, while we can.
Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner|In the end, the world always wins. That's just the way of things.
Joseph Campbell|Human life itself may be almost pure chaos, but the work of the artist is to take these handfuls of confusion and disparate things, things that seem to be irreconcilable, and put them together in a frame to give them some kind of shape and meaning.
Alysha Speer|On a second note, though, I have something to say about pain. There are lots of kinds of pain. Pain of smashing your fingers in a car door, pains of loosing a baby, pain of failing a test. But in their own little ways, these pains are all agonizing. Which is sad, and yet, happy, if you really think about it. If we never lost our car keys, or stepped in gum, or had a bad hair day, what kind of people would we be? In a word? Boring. We wouldn't be passionate; we wouldn't know it was exciting to get pregnant, or score an A on a final. So that's why, today at least, I am grateful for pain. Because it's part of what makes me the whacky, goofy, jaded, person that I am. Peace.
Nikki Rowe|My name is CRPS, or so they say But I actually go by; a few different names. I was once called causalgia, nearly 150 years ago And then I had a new name It was RSD, apparently so. I went by that name because the burn lived inside of me.Now I am called CRPS, because I have so much to say I struggle to be free. I don't have one symptom and this is where I change, I attack the home of where I live; with shooting/burning pains. Depression fills the mind of the body I belong, it starts to speak harsh to self, negativity growing strong.Then I start to annoy them; with the issues with sensitivity, You'd think the pain enough; but no, it wants to make you aware of its trembling disability. I silently make my move; but the screams are loud and clear, Because I enter your physical reality and you can't disappear. I confuse your thoughts; I contain apart of your memory, I cover your perspective, the fog makes it sometimes unbearable to see. I play with your temperature levels, I make you nervous all the time - I take away your independance and take away your pride.I stay with you by the day & I remind you by the night, I am an awful journey and you will struggle with this fight. Then there's a side to me; not many understand, I have the ability to heal and you can be my friend. Help yourself find the strength to fight me with all you have, because eventually I'll get tired of making you grow mad. It will take some time; remember I mainly live inside your brain,Curing me is hard work but I promise you, You can beat me if you feed love to my pain. Find the strength to carry on and feed the fears with light; hold on to the seat because, like I said, it's going to be a fight. But I hope to meet you, when your healthy and healed, & you will silenty say to me - I did this, I am cured is this real? That day could possibly come; closer than I want- After all I am a disease and im fighting for my spot. I won't deny from my medical angle, I am close to losing the " incurable " battle.
William Makepeace Thackeray, Vanity Fair|A woman with fair opportunities, and without an absolute hump, may marry WHOM SHE LIKES.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, The Problem with Forever|So that the smile was not so much an attitude to be taken to life as the nature of the cruelty of life, a cruelty we cannot even choose to avoid, since it is human existence.
Terry Eagleton, The Meaning of Life|In the pragmatist, streetwise climate of advanced postmodern capitalism, with its scepticism of big pictures and grand narratives, its hard-nosed disenchantment with the metaphysical, 'life' is one among a whole series of discredited totalities. We are invited to think small rather than big – ironically, at just the point when some of those out to destroy Western civilization are doing exactly the opposite. In the conflict between Western capitalism and radical Islam, a paucity of belief squares up to an excess of it. The West finds itself faced with a full-blooded metaphysical onslaught at just the historical point that it has, so to speak, philosophically disarmed. As far as belief goes, postmodernism prefers to travel light: it has beliefs, to be sure, but it does not have faith.
Ivanka Trump|I love to eat cucumber sticks with yogurt. It's a great snack to have at home, especially when I'm having house guests.
Vironika Tugaleva|Fear echoes your self-defined limitations, not your actual ones. To change your self-image, you must face what scares you.
Brian S. Wesbury|When freedom prevails, the ingenuity and inventiveness of people creates incredible wealth. This is the source of the natural improvement of the human condition.
Shannon L. Alder|When your heart knows the truth, it never forgets.
Tijan, Fallen Crest Public|Mom!" he cried out. She shrugged. You're not a virgin, and I'm promoting her pleasure as well. The girl will enjoy it a lot more. They don't always, you know." She scanned the rest of the table. "I'm sure you two bucks think you're the stud for all those does," she remembered me and amended,"well maybe just you and Logan, but I'm telling you. Girls fake it eighty percent of the time."That opened a whole new channel of adoration from Logan. He wanted to know it all.The rest of the conversation was a question and answer forum from Logan while Mark looked ready to throw up. I even caught Mason listening intently to her. He told me later that he'd be stupid to pass up information like that.
Martin Scorsese|After all there isn't way out, there isn't security.(Film Hidden)
Kate Morton, The Forgotten Garden|I know now that all people hunger for a noble, unsullied past, that as sure as the black nationalist dreams of a sublime Africa before the white man's corruption, so did Thomas Jefferson dream of an idyllic Britain before the Normans, so do all of us dream of some other time when things were so simple. I know now that that hunger is a retreat from the knotty present into myth and that what ultimately awaits those who retreat into fairy tales, who seek refuge in the mad pursuit to be made great again, in the image of greatness that never was, is tragedy.
Tryon Edwards|Both the man of science and the man of action live always at the edge of mystery, surrounded by it.
Shubham Raj|Everything that looks like a loss may be an extraordinary, successful life waiting to explode.
Difin Davis|I am working far away from my family and every day I dreams about returning home and be with them. Is there an end for my dream or else, is it a continuous dream?".
Katherine Schwarzenegger|There are certain expectations that are put on you as a child actor, but mainly it's just turn up and say your lines with a lot of energy and a cute smile.
Paula Wall, If I Were a Man, I'd Marry Me|His smiles were hard won, but when they came, they were well worth it. They lit up his face like summer sunshine. The rest of the time, and far more frequently, he seemed lost in winter. And when he laughed, he was a different person.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Be merry, because it confuses your enemies; happy, because it annoys them; cheerful, because it angers them; and joyful, because it kills them.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Love is total surrender, total acceptance and total commitment.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Always be truthful and you will have fewer visits from regret, guilt or fear.
Hiroshi Sakurazaka, All You Need Is Kill 2|If I lived, she died, and I'd never find someone like her again. If she lived, I would have to die. No matter how many times I ran it through my head, there didn't seem to be another way out. One of us had to die and Rita didn't want to talk it through. She was going to let our skill decide.
Amanda Quick, Quicksilver|It takes people a long time to learn the difference between talent and genius, especially ambitious young men and women.
Kathleen E. Woodiwiss, The Wolf and the Dove|This explains so much," she said, clucking her tongue in mother-hen fashion. "You're compensating for this withered appendage."Withered appendage? What the devil was she talking about? He shook his head, trying to clear it. Colin's dire predictions of shriveled twigs and dried currants rattled in his skull. Wide awake now, he fought to sit up, wrestling the sheets."Listen, you. I don't know what sort of liberties you've taken while I was insensible, or just what your spinster imagination prepared you to see. But I'll have you know, that water was damned cold."She blinked at him. "I'm referring to your leg.""Oh." His leg. That withered appendage
Johnny Knoxville|Before I was famous, when I was just working in Gilbert's Lodge, everything was moving in slow motion.
Veronica Roth, Divergent|The dark war consciousness and pride have seized upon the weak, with great cynicisms and glib, soulless intellects, that grind away like robotic gears at what they despise and can never understand.
Anne Rice, Blood And Gold|Memo﻿ry was a curse, yes, he thought, but it was also the greatest gift. Because if you lost memory you lost everything.
Tamora Pierce, Alanna: The First Adventure|Alanna didn't approve of lying, but in a pinch a lie was sometimes better than the truth.
M.H. Rakib|A human who learns, and practices the art of love as does divinity, is no longer human.
Jeremy Corbyn|If the leadership can't win a debate, then we should show true leadership and implement the democratic will of our party.
Paul Newham|Amusement and annoyance are, perhaps, both forms of denial.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|If mediocrity is your benchmark, you always sit on the bench!
Chelsea Pitcher, The S-Word|Today, Chanel sells nothing other than its griffe; the griffe is an absolute symbol for 'fashion' which, having become historical, is now able to sell this history better than it could sell fashion. Chanel's lasting success proves that fashion has become self-referential: the fetish of the mere name shows how it has begun to revolve around itself. The House of Chanel produces what Coco most abhorred: a thing of the past, dead. The visible, outwardly displayed griffe has become the opposite of individualized style: instead it confirms the latent uniform collectivity, which had always defined Chanel-wear; in the end, it signifies membership of an expensive club. The Chanel woman does not want to display her own taste, she wants to belong. In order to be certain, she is laden with Chanel signs and accessories, like amulets to protect against the evil eye; on the pocket, on the belt, on the dress buttons, on the watch, on costume jewelry, proudly stand the initials of the founder of the house, to which she knows she belongs.
Marian Keyes, Watermelon|I forced myself to stop thinking about it. I went to the room in my brain where all my thoughts about Adam lived and disconnected the electricity and boarded up all the doors and windows, so nothing could get out.Obviously it was very unsightly. There were bound to be complaints from the neighboring thoughts. But I had no choice.
Graham Greene, The Quiet American|If the one who is to get us the news is in chains, the news may get to us but with chains!
Keira D. Skye, Bite!|Nico looked very tall and thin wearing a opaque black sweatshirt hoodie and dark inked skinny jeans. His outer physical structure was handsome and gaunt, straight jet black hair razored and clipped in angles, a few purple highlights, and his white skin toned the color of alabaster. She had always liked the slender salamander type. He totally looked punk rock tonight, and that made him look absolutely awesome! A curtain of fog parted in front of him, giving him even more of the illusion as if he was part of a rock band at a rock band concert. Katty now saw Nico with exaggerated clarity. Nico Rocket looked so freakin' hot! He looked so good-looking at times, especially within the dark scenes of rolling fog and a pitchy darkness. She randomly wondered what he looked like before he was bit and turned into a Vampire. Had he been a Renaissance geek just like her? Before she could really examine him and fantasize of what he must have looked like before turning into a Vampire, the fog closed in all around him again, surrounding him with a ring of solitary imprisonment. He now lurked as a shadow among the shadows, disappearing into the illusion of gray’s. She didn't like him for not showing up on time, but all had been forgiven as soon as she had seen him all dressed up in his Gothic best. So what if he didn't believe in punctuality? His hotness sure made up for the rest! Through the fog, she saw his bright red eyes pierce through the heaviness of the darkness. He then broke free from the fog, leaving a trail of the thickened smoke lingering far behind, and wide.
Pamela Clare, Extreme Exposure|The sound of her voice was so pretty, it almost disguised the ugliness of her words.
Nancy Arroyo Ruffin|A writer flirts with schizophrenia, nurtures synesthesia, and embraces obsessive-compulsive disorder. Your art feeds on you, your soul, and, yes, to a degree, your sanity. Writing novels worth reading will bugger up your mind, jeopardize your relationships, and distend your life. You have been warned.
Lee Soo Man|If I dream by myself, it's merely a dream. But if we all dream together, that's the start of a new future.
Karl Wiggins, Self-Publishing In the Eye of the Storm|By living, thinking, even dreaming the story in one continuous process, ideas came faster and faster. Sometimes the typewriter keys would fly so fast that I wondered if my fingers could keep up with them. And at the finish of the story I often had to take a few days off as my fingertips were too sore to begin work on the next book.
Thomas Hillgrove|Ladies should also remember that gentlemen look more to the effect of a dress in setting off the figure and countenance of a lady than to its cost. Very few gentlemen have any idea the value of ladies' dresses. This is a subject for female criticism. Beauty of person and elegance of manners in women will always command more admiration from the opposite sex than beauty, elegance or costliness of clothing."The Scholars' Companion and Ball Room Vade MecumThomas Hillgrove, 1857
Arthur Schopenhauer|It will generally be found that as soon the terrors of live reach the point where they outweigh the terrors of death, a man will put an end to his life.
Quinn Loftis, Prince of Wolves|Her take is that I'm just a late bloomer - that I'm taking forever to ruin my life, she's running out of patience.
Tyra Banks|Paris is one of the most beautiful places in all the world. Unfortunately, I was so homesick I couldn't appreciate its beauty.
Angelos Michalopoulos, The man who has only one truth in him|Neither wit nor beauty nor riches can conquer misery, only kindness can.
Karishma Magvani|One day I hope to hear "this is the world we live in" used in a positive light.
M.D. Elster, Four Kings|When one finds oneself in the kind of strange, unsettling circumstances as I presently find myself, it is only natural, after all, to have a few, unusual, vivid dreams.
Thomas S. Monson, Pathways To Perfection: Discourses Of Thomas S. Monson|Some are young people who don't know who they are, what they can be or even want to be. They are afraid, but they don't know of what. They are angry, but they don't know at whom. They are rejected and they don't know why. All they want is to be somebody. 
Evangeline Duran Fuentes, Cry on Hallow's Eve|As Roran watched, the man's arms, neck, and chest shriveled, and his bones appeared in sharp relief-from the bowlike curve of his collarbones to the hollow saddle of his hips, where his stomach hung like an empty waterskin. His lips puckered and drew back farther than they were intended to over his yellow teeth, baring them in a grisly snarl, while his eyeballs deflated as if they were engorged ticks being squished empty of blood, and the surrounding flesh sank inward.
Compton Gage, Devil's Inception|Slightly higher density polarized negative entities", regardless of their actual metaphoric names. What's in a name... a rose still has thorns!
Douglas Wilson|We are like fruitflies, measuring everything in terms of our own lifespan. But since our lifespans are so short, our perspective is entirely wrong.God, who inhabits eternity, sees things differently. He knows that our lives are just a mist. We should trust Him. It was not that long ago that Jesus came and it will not be that long before He returns.
Vincent Lowry|To be the master of tomorrow's dreams, you must first be the servant of today's planning.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Our culture will stand in roaring ovations for the illusionists, escape artists, and magicians. Deception is everything opposite the truth.
Sunday Adelaja|They might think you are being delusional for dreaming big, but so did a lot people think about most great individuals before their greatness.
James Patterson, Confessions of a Murder Suspect|I found lines that mirrored an ache and longing I had so often felt when the beauty around my woods cathedral was too intense, when the need to grasp and keep loveliness left me with a sense of desolate frustration.
Patrick Duffy|I wake up very early in the morning. I like to start in the dark, and I never work at night, because my brain is evaporated by 4 P.M.
Charlotte Eriksson|I think it's obvious if you're wanted here or not.""Daemon," hissed Dee, her cheeks red. She turned to me, tears in her eyes. "He's not being serious.""Are you being serious, Daemon?" Ash turned in his lap, head cocked to the side.My heart was already pounding in my chest when his eyes met mine. His were sheltered. "Actually I was being serious." He leaned over the table, staring up at me through thick lashes. "You're not wanted here."Dee spoke again, but I was beyond hearing. My face felt like it was on fire. People around us were starting to stare. One of the Thompson boys was smirking while the other looked as though he wanted to crawl underneath the table for me. The rest of the kids at the table were staring at their plates. One of them snickered.I'd never been more humiliated in my life.
Queen Latifah|True happiness consists not in the multitude of friends, but in the worth and choice.
Kate Atkinson, Case Histories|...after all, she had birthed us alone, diapered and fed us, helped us with homework, kissed and hugged us, poured her love into us. That she might not actually know us seemed the humblest thing a mother could admit.
Karin Slaughter, Unseen|He didn't blame James for falling in love with her, she was a radiant, deserving woman. He knew, however, that love only did one thing. It got in the way.
Nicko Widjaja|It is not very often that an opportunity comes knocking. But when it does, you better be bathed and dressed and ready to answer its call.
Brandon Sanderson, Firefight|Don’t do anything stupid.""Don’t worry," I whispered over the line, "I’m an expert on stupid.""You’re...""Like, I can spot stupidity, because I know it so well. The way an exterminator knows bugs really well, and can spot where they’ve been? I’m like that. A stupidinator.""Never say that word again," Prof said.
Shannon  Mullen, See What Flowers|While a psychiatric diagnosis can serve a purpose in treatment plans, it should not become a tool to discredit a person's disclosure of abuse.
Amber Tamblyn|I always felt different as a kid, and the Kinks were like, 'Yeah, we're the Kinks.' Celebrate your difference; don't be afraid of your sense of humor, or your personality, or who you are. It emboldened me.
William Carlos Williams|Danse Russe If I when my wife is sleeping and the baby and Kathleen are sleeping and the sun is a flame-white disc in silken mists above shining trees,-- if I in my north room dance naked, grotesquely before my mirror waving my shirt round my head and singing softly to myself: "I am lonely, lonely. I was born to be lonely, I am best so!" If I admire my arms, my face, my shoulders, flanks, buttocks against the yellow drawn shades,-- Who shall say I am not the happy genius of my household?
Charlotte Huang, Going Geek|When I said confront, I meant that you need to confront the reality of your situation. You've made certain choices over your time here, and only you know why you made them. All of that, all of those decisions, have led you to where you are now.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|You can either choose to walk in light and love, or run in fear and darkness. But with the latter, you're more likely to fall.
Pulkit Patel|Power is the ability to control people or things. So, unless you learn to control your own self first, how would you be able to influence anybody else? Now, doesn’t that apply to all of us?
Nomthandazo Tsembeni|Giving up doesn't make you a quiter, a loser or a failure.It makes you wise enough to stop holding on to what refuses to be held.Hence i say, letting go hurts,but holding on to what is no longer therehurts even more.
Fernando Pessoa|everything is absurd.1 man spends his life earning money which he then saves even though he has no children 2 leave it 2. another puts all his efforts into becoming famous so that he'll b remembered once dead, yet he doesn't believe in a survival of the soul that would give him knowledge of that fame. yet another wears himself out looking 4 things he doesn't even like.
Joshua Waitzkin|Surround yourself with people who take their work seriously, but not themselves, those who work hard and play hard.
Rossana Condoleo|We are just a certain quantity of cells, all of us!
Peter Gray|Schooling that children are forced to endure—in which the subject matter is imposed by others and the “learning” is motivated by extrinsic rewards and punishments rather than by the children’s true interests—turns learning from a joyful activity into a chore, to be avoided whenever possible. Coercive schooling, which tragically is the norm in our society, suppresses curiosity and overrides children’s natural ways of learning. It also promotes anxiety, depression and feelings of helplessness that all too often reach pathological levels.
Angel Rosa|If it wasn't for the devil, we wouldn't be here, would we?
Mark Twain, Diaries of Adam & Eve|After all these years, I see that I was mistaken about Eve in the beginning; it is better to live outside the Garden with her than inside it without her.
Marcel Proust|We do not receive wisdom, we must discover it for ourselves, after a journey through the wilderness which no one else can make for us, which no one else can spare us, for our wisdom is the point of view from which we come at last to regard the world. The lives that you admire, the attitudes that seem noble to you, have not been shaped by paterfamilias or a schoolmaster, they have sprung from very different beginnings, having been influenced by everything evil or commonplace that prevailed round about them. They represent a struggle and a victory. I can see that picture of what we were at an earlier stage may not be recognisable and cannot, certainly, be pleasing to contemplate in later life. But we must not repudiate it, for it is a proof that we have really lived, that it is in accordance with the laws of life and of the mind that we have, from the common elements of life, of the life of studios, of artistic groups—assuming one is a painter—extracted something that transcends them.
Brandy Nacole, Deep in the Hollow|Off Spruce, there was a little known trail. A savage gulley wound through acreage of older residential homes that met up with Green Rock Drive. A natural bouquet gust of wind assaulted me. The domestic and native encroached on each other in a battle for dominance at the edges of the cramped path's undergrowth. The tangy scent of wild onion and sagebrush intermingled with the verdant odor of wild geranium, blue flax, columbine and creeping pussytoes. The wild weeds spiced up the encroaching grass turf and the tamed floral honeysuckle vines and lilac bushes.
Franz Kafka|Other people can’t cause us to be impatient unless we let them do so. In other words, others don’t make us impatient. We make ourselves impatient, through our expectations and demands, fixated attachments and stuckness.
Leonardo da Vinci|That which can be lost cannot be deemed riches. Virtue is our true wealth and the true reward of its possessor; it cannot be lost, it never deserts us until life leaves us. Hold property and external riches with fear; they often leave their possessor scorned and mocked at for having lost them.
Compton Gage|Wherefore is light given to him that is in misery, And life unto the bitter in soul; Which long for death, but it cometh not; And dig for it more than for hid treasures; Which rejoice exceedingly, and are glad, when they can find the grave?
Jon Huertas|The notion that every well educated person would have a mastery of at least the basic elements of the humanities, sciences, and social sciences is a far cry from the specialized education that most students today receive, particularly in the research universities.
Jeff Goodell|Americans don't pay much attention to environmental issues, because they aren't sexy. I mean, cleaning up coal plants and reining in outlaw frackers is hugely important work, but it doesn't get anybody's pulse racing.
Peter Conrad|We have to reappropriate the concept of laicite (secularism) so we can explain to our young pupils that whatever their faith, they belong to this idea, and they're not excluded. Secularism is not something against them; it protects them.
K. Martin Beckner, Chips of Red Paint|All night the earth and the heavens followed their usual arrangements. Stars passed: an immense tide hung over them. A silent sea raced back with the sun, its wave turn-over small, delicate and comfortless. The most glorious of all stars hung above the sun's threshold and went out. An hour later the sun governed the earth again, mist-chasing, flower-opening, bird-rousing, ghost-driving, spirit-shepherding back out the various gates of sleep.
Nadia Hashimi|Now Christianity proposes a completely different account of how history comes to a climax and what precisely constitutes the new order of the ages—which helps to explain why so many of modernity’s avatars, from Diderot to Christopher Hitchens, have specially targeted Christianity. On the Christian reading, history reached its highpoint when a young first-century Jewish rabbi, having been put to death on a brutal Roman instrument of torture, was raised from the dead through the power of the God of Israel. The state-sponsored murder of Jesus, who had dared to speak and act in the name of Israel’s God, represented the world’s resistance to the Creator. It was the moment when cruelty, hatred, violence, and corruption—symbolized in the Bible as the watery chaos—spent itself on Jesus. The resurrection, therefore, showed forth the victory of the divine love over those dark powers. St. Paul can say, “I am certain that neither death nor life, neither angels nor principalities, nor any other creature can separate us from the love of God,” precisely because he lived on the far side of the resurrection.
Clay Shirky, Here Comes Everybody: The Power of Organizing Without Organizations|And next time we hear someone saying something like, 'We are pursuing this strategy because other strategies, when we had considered them, we concluded that, in terms of overall effectiveness, they were not sound strategies, which is why we enacted the one we are now embarked upon, which our enemies would like to see us fail, due to they hate freedom,' we will wait to see if the anchorperson cracks up, or chokes back a sob of disgust, and if he or she does not, we'll feel a bit insane, and therefore less confident, and therefore more passive.
Robert Musil, The Man Without Qualities: Vol. 1|When you’re young you prefer the vulgar months, the fullness of the seasons. As you grow older you learn to like the in-between times, the months that can’t make up their minds. Perhaps it’s a way of admitting that things can’t ever bear the same certainty again.
Liezi, Lieh-tzu: A Taoist Guide to Practical Living|A person with a mind is bound to be filled with conceptions. These conceptions prevent him from knowing things directly, so a person with a mind shall never really know.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|You can’t expect to be who God wanted you to be if you don’t improve on upon your talents, abilities, and actions to the peak of the potentials you carry.
Imaj, Harlow|Question: You’re 21-years-old, a young adult writing mature adult literary fiction. Imaj: Yes, I feel creativity is an ageless thing.
Mary Tornyenyor( From Sam)|Everything that informs us of something useful that we didn't already know is a potential signal. If it matters and deserves a response, its potential is actualized.
Jawwad Zafar|In this avaricious world, even a beggar needs money in his bowl, to be heard.
Erin Gruwell|I've become a professional failure - in order to pay the mortgage I have to remain unemployed. Luckily, a disaster always seems to befall me at exactly the right moment.
M.E. Kerr, Am I Blue?: Coming Out from the Silence|Strangers take a long time to become acquainted, particularly when they are from the same family.
James Altucher, The Rich Employee|If you don’t give yourself permission to create a new world, chances are nobody else will.
Asper Blurry, Train to the Edge of the Moon|A man is nothing without dreams. A man is called idiot while he dreams. Whatever he does, he'll be judged and thrown away from the circle of clowns. And yet he needs acceptance and security from sick society, which is discriminatory far too often. But a man is blinded by other people opinions. He wants to fly and they say, “You moron, you can't do that, it's forbidden, it's stupid.” And a man gives up on his dreams.
Pete Townshend|The thing is that when you find true love it lives on, No matter if you two seperate but the love stays alive, broken, gasping for breath, love and affection, but in agony, waiting for everything to end.
Chris Brown|Marvin Gaye is an inspiration to me. He was one of the first Motown musicians that my mom and dad introduced me to, and I always thought it would be a good idea if I was ever an artist, and now I am, to make a record called 'Marvin Gaye.'
Toni Bernhard|There is a lot more in him than you guess, and a deal more than he has any idea of himself. You may (possibly) all live to thank me yet.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|She said that everyone has some evil inside them, and the first step to loving anyone is to recognize the same evil inside ourselves,so we're able to forgive them.
Jill Shalvis|There was a time when I thought I loved my first wife more than life itself. But now I hate her guts. I do. How do you explain that? What happened to that love? What happened to it, is what I'd like to know. I wish someone could tell me.
baeconandeggs, Animae Sine Amore Immortales|I chose to make your wish come true because I saw through your heart, Yeol. I know how it feels to be so profoundly lonely. I know rejection, I know pain. I know what it’s like to be trapped in an immortal life without love. But you know, Chanyeol; that even if I was a star, I’d still love you.
Justin Cartwright|Most of my younger Native American friends are not in any way looking for sympathy, and they're not looking to lay guilt on anybody. They have their dignity, and they do what they do.
Gideon Levy, The Punishment of Gaza|I'm so patriotic, I think every British kid should have a chance to grow up to be our head of state.
Debasish Mridha|It is hard to think differently. To change your world, change your thoughts.
Walter Chrysler|What is opportunity, and when does it knock? It never knocks. You can wait a whole lifetime, listening, hoping, and you will hear no knocking. None at all. You are opportunity, and you must knock on the door leading to your destiny. You prepare yourself to recognize opportunity, to pursue and seize opportunity as you develop the strength of your personality, and build a self-image with which you are able to live -- with your self-respect alive and growing.
Patrick Rothfuss|When you're 14, anything with a sword and a dragon is pretty cool. But when you're 21 and you've read 2,000 fantasy novels, you start to realize that some of those books, well, they weren't really good. OK, let's be honest. A lot of them were crap.
Terence McKenna|The monkey body has carried us to this moment of release, but we are coming more and more to exist in a world made by the human imagination.
Abhijit Naskar|I and motherland are one. My name is Million, because for millions do I love and suffer agonies.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Your ears hear much,but your heart hears more.Your eyes see much,but your mind sees more.Your toungue says much,but your soul says more.Your feet travel much,but your imagination travels more.Your hands do much,but your mind does more.
Gian Kumar|Knowing the self is the biggest truth. If we find the truth within, we have found God.
Andrea Portes, Hick|I realize thirty is just a number, that you're only as old as you feel and all that. I also realize that in the grand scheme of things, thirty is still young. But it's not that young.
Alfred Marshall|ECONOMICS IS HAUNTED by more fallacies than any other study known to man. This is no accident. The inherent difficulties of the subject would be great enough in any case, but they are multiplied a thousandfold by a factor that is insignificant in, say, physics, mathematics or medicine—the special pleading of selfish interests.
Jamie  Holzheimer|He was still experimenting with kissing girls even though he said he'd rather be kissing boys. That's exactly what he said. I didn't know exactly what to think about that, but Dante was going to be Dante and if I was going to be his friend, I would just have to learn to be okay with it.
Ajay Chandan|There is a glimmer of metal that wavers between his thighs. He turns to face me. The balls of his large gauge nipple rings catch my eye as they glint in the light of the room. But, it is the tintinabular rings below that cause my eyes to descend to his shining metallic beacon of love. I feel my jaw slightly drop open and a small puff of air escapes over my lips. I am wildly transfixed. What is that? What will he do with it? I nervously wonder without a solution. He moves toward me with the sound of pockets full of change, and I know my life will never be the same.
Dorien Kelly, The Last Bride in Ballymuir|And no chick fucking either, unless we both agree to it, of course." Turner pauses and scowls. "Though I can't imagine sharing you with anyone. Makes me fucking sick to my stomach.
Joanna Russ|Minority art, vernacular art, is marginal art. Only on the margins does growth occur.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|If your daily life seems poor, do not blame it; blame yourself, tell yourself that you are not poet enough to call forth its riches; for to the creator there is no poverty and no poor indifferent place.
Edna St. Vincent Millay|They say when you are missing someone that they are probably feeling the same, but I don't think it's possible for you to miss me as much as I'm missing you right now
Hadewijch, Hadewijch: The Complete Works|It is a fanatical notion that we interfere with the Holy Spirit if we make any preparation for prayer. The theological deficit in that assumption is that the Holy Spirit would not have us reason or use foresight or imagination or fit language. It assumes incorrectly that the only part of us that the Spirit wishes to work through is emotive impulsivity and spontaneous feeling-flow. It assumes incorrectly that the Holy Spirit does not also work through discipline, reason, reflection, and organization.
Pat Brown|You have multiple intelligence agencies. They all ultimately report to the director of national intelligence but, you know, it never comes in neat packages. So you have to make judgments on what you have, and it's not easy to do.
Samuel Rutherford, The Letters of Samuel Rutherford|If you knew particularly what to do, it were not a spiritual exercise.
M. Scott Peck, The Road Less Traveled: A New Psychology of Love, Traditional Values, and Spiritual Growth|Maybe being a good parent is about improvisation and spontaneity. Maybe it's about genuinely being with your kid. Sometimes though, it is also about being able to catch sick in yours hands.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We get angry when others hurt us, both by what they say and what they do. We get angry when we don’t get our own way or our plans and dreams are frustrated. Anger may arise in an instant, erupting like a volcano and raining destruction on everyone in sight. Often, anger simmers just below the surface, sometimes for a lifetime. Like a corrosive acid, this kind of anger eats away at our bodies and souls, yet we may not even be aware of its presence.
Iain Banks|As long as a film stays unmade, the book is entirely yours, it belongs to the writer. As soon as you make it into a film, suddenly more people see it than have ever read the book.
Victoria Osteen|One question that often comes up is why, in this age of blogs and tweets and instant digital communication of all kinds, it still takes so long to publish a book.
Travis Scott|Living my life socially means there is a swagger to how I dress, walk; it's not about being 'cool,' it's just being me - that's understanding your place and your center - that's what swagger is, and I guess that's where the soul comes from.
DeWitt Clinton|One in 200 stars has habitable Earth-like planets surrounding it - in the galaxy, half a billion stars have Earth-like planets going around them - that's huge, half a billion. So when we look at the night sky, it makes sense that someone is looking back at us.
Lewis Carroll, Alice in Wonderland|The rancid odor mixed with the dust, death, and confusion as they awaited those who could clean up the mess and make death official.
Nigel Hamilton|California is a very important state. As goes California, so goes the nation. We need to have strong leadership. Someone who can hit the ground running.
Ada Calhoun, Wedding Toasts I'll Never Give|As married people, we dwell on a spectrum between happy and unhappy, in love and out of love, and we move back and forth on that line decade by decade, year by year, week by week, even hour by hour.
Edward Tufte|In computing, turning the obvious into the useful is a living definition of the word 'frustration'.
Atom Yang, Red Envelope|Once you go white, nothing else seems right!
Niklaus Wirth|I like to be loved by my children, and I quite like the 'Guardian' hating me. I like it when I read they want me to die painfully. Then I think I've really got under their skin. It's like annoying a teacher. Once they've shown signs of weakness, you really can go for them.
Suman Pokhrel|What is stealing?When is it excusable? When is it a crime?' Thomas looked uncomfortable as he read. Christian perked up. Belle saw Christian listening with interest and looked down at her shoes. 'An action becomes stealing when one of two conditions are met. First, when there is harm to the victim. Second, when the act is done for personal gain.' Thomas looked up and smiled. He seemed happy with where the speech was going, and Belle breathed a sigh of relief. Christian's face had gone white. He stood frozen in his spot. Belle smiled as if to say that things were different with him. That stealing was different in their world. She was torn between excitement for Thomas and embarasment for Christian. 'If both these criteria are met, there is no question where society stands. When of two criteria is in question, society begins to debate. For example, is it wrong when someone takes something that has been thrown away? Perhaps not, since there is no detriment to the victim. Is it wrong when someone takes a loaf of bread to feed a starving baby or taxes the rich to help the poor? Perhaps not, since the motive is unselfish.' Victoria wasn't even looking at Thomas anymore. She was glaring at Belle. She looked like she was about to lunge at her. Belle signaled to her that perhaps she should take notes. But Victoria wasn't used to preparing rebuttals without advanced notice.'When neither of the criteria is met, however, I propose that there is no crime against ethics. Is it wrong to take a syringe from a drug addict? Of course not.
Nora Roberts, Black Hills|Do you know how many ways love can hit you? So it makes you happy, or miserable? It makes you sick in the belly or hurt in the heart. It makes everything brighter and sharper, or it blurs all the edges. It makes you feel like a king or a fool. Every way love can hit you, it's hit me when it comes to you
Debasish Mridha|A writer draws a road map where readers walks with their love, joy, anger, tears, and dismay. Every story, every poem, has different meanings for every reader.
Ophelia London, Kissing Her Crush|Luke snapped awake to see the gray-haired woman looking at him while adjusting her glasses. She smiled like he was something to eat. "There aren't many good shots of you when Natalie was on your lap. She's either leaning over you, or you're at her neck like Bela Lugosi. Though there's one really good part at the end ---
Joshua Caleb|Knowledge is a Bed of Roses; for Every Beautiful Flower, there are a Dozen Thorns to Match
Emily Oster|The ultimate end of human acts is eudaimonia, happiness in the sense of living well, which all men desire; all acts are but different means chosen to arrive at it.
Ethan Day, Life in Fusion|Don’t do it gurl,” he said with a wink. “You need to pretend like that phone is your best friend’s husband’s dick now drop it.
Jonathan Gash, Jade Woman|In either case, there was very much the same solemnity of demeanour on the part of the spectators, as befitted a people among whom religion and law were almost identical, and in whose character both were so thoroughly interfused, that the mildest and severest acts of public discipline were alike made venerable and awful.
Nick Harkaway, The Gone-Away World|i dream nights and girls like tigers,claws and teeth on both.
Anaïs Nin|How naive Lore had been, despite being the daughter of a father no one spoke of, despite the strange, incomplete conversations at her mother’s deathbed; how again and again she was caught up short by the discovery that other people had stories they didn’t tell, or told stories that weren’t entirely true. How mostly you got odd chunks torn from the whole, impossible truly to understand in their damaged form.
Alexander Pope, An Essay on Criticism|A little learning is a dangerous thing.Drink deep, or taste not the Pierian Spring;There shallow draughts intoxicate the brain,and drinking largely sobers us again.
Margery Allingham, Death of a Ghost|Downtown, a dress for Meg- I do it every time I kill a man.
Shailee J-N|I hope your heart feels better. I hope your mind is set right.I hope your love is connected to others, and you don't feel so lost and locked up.I hope everything is okay for you. And by okay, I mean greater than ever.
Tim Keel, Intuitive Leadership: Embracing a Paradigm of Narrative, Metaphor, and Chaos|Further, in the modern story, reality is that which is observable, measurable, and repeatable - the kinds of phenomena available, accessible, and verifiable to the five senses. Thus, reality comes to equal the scientific method. It should come as no surprise that in such a world the life of the spirit is ignored or marginalized (as well as a great many other nonmaterial things.) This view of life subsequently birthed in human beings a ravenous materialism as matters of the soul were ignored or reinterpreted within this tightly controlled version of reality. When the life of the spirit is ignored, people will seek to feed the hunger of a neglected soul with the only nourishment available: in our context, the consumptive acquisition of material goods.
Emmuska Orczy, El Dorado: Further Adventures of the Scarlet Pimpernel|Dear heart,” he murmured, “do not look on me with those dear, scared eyes of yours. If there is aught that puzzles you in what I said, try and trust me a little longer. Remember, I must save the Dauphin at all costs; mine honor is bound with his safety. What happens to me after that matters but little, yet I wish to live for your dear sake.
Molly Ringle, Underworld's Daughter|No, her I brought back because..." Niko lifted his chin toward the moon. "She's magical.""I get that, if by 'magical' you mean 'hot.'""I also mean magical.
Edgar Rice Burroughs, The Son of Tarzan|The technology is the independent variable, the social system the dependent variable. Social, systems are therefore determined by systems of technology; as the latter change, so do the former.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|If you fall into the category of people who want to make a great use of their existence, you need to ask yourself these two questions; “what am I doing now”?; “Where is it taking me to?
Tennessee Williams, Sweet Bird of Youth|Answers were always important, but they were seldom easy.
Eric Hoffer, The True Believer: Thoughts on the Nature of Mass Movements|Jesus was not a Christian, nor was Marx a Marxist.
Mark Twight, Kiss or Kill: Confessions of a Serial Climber|There is risk, known and unknown, in all aspects of life. We often consider the loss of life the only serious risk. Unless we are genuinely aware, we calculate the danger arising from our own physical and emotional states and from external conditions based on incomplete information. If we believe we can manage those risks, we accept them. Whether these choices are born of delusion or reality comes out in the end.
Sam Kean|There's not a lot of positive role models of women in newspapers and magazines. I think it puts pressure on girls. They think that the image put out, it's the way you have to look.
Orhan Pamuk|We read novels because we want to see the world through other experiences, other beings, other eyes, other cultures.
Ramon Ravenswood, Twilight Zone Encounters|Sentinels of treesbreathe life into bodies of earthly fleshAs their mighty arms reach to the starswe join in their quest for Helios’s mighty powerLike sentinels, we seek our placein the forest of nature’s gentle breath
Joel Furches, Christ-Centered Apologetics: Sharing the Gospel with Evidence|If I have a theological virtue, it is curiosity or inquisitiveness.
Bethany Brookbank, Write like no one is reading|People think "monsters" are born without origin. But it is the monsters that have the greatest stories to tell...
Archna Mohan|She doesn't know any other way to express her love, it always flowed like a river inside her. Don't judge her for the way she love .Like an artist she carves each relation in her life wholeheartedly. Now its an art work , you might not like her art but don't doubt her love which created that.
Faith Baldwin, Evening Star|A man's capable of understanding anything - how the ether vibrates, and what's going on in the sun - but how any other man can blow his nose differently from him, that he's incapable of understanding.
John L. Parker Jr.|And then there's the perverse joy of subtly working in references to marathon training in daily life, say at the post office or while waiting outside my first-graders' classrooms at the end of the school day.
Annie Leibovitz|And this, our life, exempt from public haunt, finds tongues in trees, books in the running brooks, sermons in stones, and good in everything.
Trent Reznor, Nine Inch Nails Lyrics|And where colours likeA rainbow dance alive, asWisdom’s arrows rain downAnd ages come to pass.
Adolf Hitler, Mein Kampf|It is more difficult to undermine faith than knowledge, love succumbs to change less than to respect, hatred is more durable than aversion, and at all times the driving force of the most important changes in this world has been found less in a scientific knowledge animating the masses, but rather in a fanaticism dominating them and in a hysteria which drove them forward.
Philip G. Zimbardo|Time perspective is one of the most powerful influences on all of human behavior. We're trying to show how people become biased to being exclusively past-, present- or future-oriented.
M.F. Moonzajer|We are all bounded with each other on the basis of our beliefs and values; when we question those values, we are certainly left alone, away from our families, friends and the dear one. And that is a cost benefit analysis we all make and we keep satisfying ourselves with the status quo of situations.
Richard Dahlstrom, The Colors of Hope: Becoming People of Mercy, Justice, and Love|When Jesus was wrapping up his days on earth, he didn't tell us to go to church. He didn't tell us to engage in a spiritualized version of channel surfing, as we hop from place to place in search of just the right programming to entertain us. He told us to get out and actually do the stuff he'd already been doing, painting the hope of God's reign on the canvas of God's world. He told us we're artists.
Philip Larkin, Philip Larkin: Letters to Monica|Often one spends weeks trying to write a poem out of the conscious mind that never comes to anything - these are sort of 'ideal' poems that one feels ought to be written, but don't because (I fancy) they lack the vital spark of self-interest. A 'real' poem is a pleasure to write.
Jordan Carl Curtis|Nature, not content with denying him the ability to think, has endowed him with the ability to write.
Shannon L. Alder|Through the grace shown to us in the gospel, there is something distinctly Christlike about a mother's love for her child.
L.M. Fields|I never talk back. I listen and always remember your every word, so come pen or mouse, never forget that I will treasure your thoughts forever. Yours truly, Paper.
Nora Roberts, Tribute|Oh, God. God, isn't that perfect? He's Dad. He's Dad with a layer of nerd. Solid, steady, chipping away so patiently, you don't even know you've had your shields hacked down until you're defenseless. It's the type." "You're not in love with a type, you're in love with a man," Penny corrected. "Or you're not.
George Saunders|Sadly, peaks and valleys are a part of life. You are resilient and you will come out of this stronger than you ever thought possible. Trust me—I know. It’s crucial to remain positive and optimistic.
Linus Torvalds|Once you understand that Goliath is much weaker than you think he is, and David has superior technology, then you say: why do we tell the story the way we do? It becomes, actually, a far more meaningful and important story in its retelling than in the kind of unsophisticated way we've done it for, I think, too long.
Ewan McGregor|My husband's a pediatrician, so he and I talk about parenting all the time. You can't raise children who have more shame resilience than you do.
Peter James West|If you were given the chance to be reborn after your death, buy you could only come back as a squirrel, would you complain?
Brandi Salazar, Spring Cleaning|He had to get inside. It was essential that he know everything, the routes she took, her schedule, and the lay of the land. The silver moon glowed overhead, mocking him. Somewhere in the trees an owl hooted its laughter at his failure. Randy--from Spring Cleaning--Coming Summer 2012
Jurgen Klopp|As an actor, I trust my ear.
W.J. Cameron|Action disconcerts us, partly because of our physical incompetence, but mainly because it offends our moral sensibility. We consider it immoral to act. It seems to us that every thought is debased when expressed in words, which transform the thought into the property of others, making it understandable to anyone who can understand it.
Friedrich A. Hayek, The Road to Serfdom|Armed with the new right to sell their products back to host societies, they can bleed both producing and buying populations at the same time. That is why under new international "free trade" agreements private corporations and businesses have increasingly demanded that governments deregulate and lower taxes so that they are not obliged to pay the cost of sustaining the life of host-societies or their environments.
Matt Litton, The Mockingbird Parables: Transforming Lives through the Power of Story|While pity shows a lack of respect for other human beings, compassion has its roots in a deep respect for others. Pity is an emotion; compassion is a connection. Compassion sees the other as equal. Compassion happens when we care for another person enough to make his or her problems our own.
Bryan Burrough, Public Enemies: America's Greatest Crime Wave and the Birth of the FBI, 1933-34|Clarence Hurt was driving, and he got lost. “Does anyone know where the Post Office Building is?” Hurt asked at one point. “I can tell you,” Karpis said. “How do you know where it is?” asked Clyde Tolson, who sat in the backseat with Hoover. “We were thinking of robbing it,” Karpis said.
Joe Namath|Lets have faith that right makes might; and in that faith let us, to the end, dare to do our duty as we understand it.
Jodi Lynn Anderson, My Diary from the Edge of the World|We don't know where Millie went, and we don't know if we'll see her again, but there's no reason not to hope. We don't know the answers, and maybe that's a nice thing.
Debasish Mridha|Either you will drive your life toward success, or life will drive you into the ditch.
Theodora Goss, Red as Blood and White as Bone|Fairy tales are another kind of Bible, for those who know how to read them.
Kristen Stewart|Julianne Moore and Michael Keaton began in 1980s soap operas and 1970s sitcoms, respectively, such ancient history by show business standards that you need carbon dating to measure their careers.
Eddie Muller, Dark City: The Lost World of Film Noir|Far from being a pack of baying butchers,critics sometimes have a perverse habit of tending to the sick and wounded on the cinematic field of battle, rushing in where angels fear to tread, even when the patient is clearly without a pulse.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|People can only perceive you through their own vibration, not through your vibration. Your vibration certainly influences theirs, though they are the primary creators of their reality and they perceive an aspect of you into existence that is unique to their reality. Any energy spent worrying about what other people think about you is wasted energy due to all the simultaneous, co-existing realities which you have no control over. What you do have control over are your thoughts and your own vibration. And through this control, you can train your mind to create the most uplifting reality possible. When you do so, the people not in vibrational alignment with your reality will either unconsciously raise their vibration to meet you or simply fall away because they no longer match the vibration necessary to exist in your deliberately created reality.
Alain de Botton, The Art of Travel|When someone says you can't, look at where they are sitting. Perhaps they meant they can't.
Harrish Sairaman|Assumptions can be dangerous, JUST ASK!!
Corita Kent|Whenever I'd go to restaurants, the main chef came out and was cooking for me, and he's asking me how the food is. I get, like, VIP service, so it's weird.
Neal Shusterman, Bruiser|People play small for lots of reasons, but at the core of them all is fear. Playing small means playing safe—avoiding risk, failure, criticism, and the list goes on. But just imagine how incredibly different the world would be if everyone committed to playing big—taking on audacious goals, trying to make a meaningful difference, being all they could possibly be.
Marilyn Fullen-Collins|It just be life, that's all. Ain't nothin' happened to you, ain't happened to most women whether they care to admit it or not. You strong, Babygirl. You a woman. You gotta be.
Charlotte Fallowfield, Until We Collide|He reached for her hand. She jerked her head up, eyes wide. “Stay,” he repeated. “I could use the company.” She hesitated. A rueful smile pulled at his lips. “I promise I won’t try to kiss you again…tonight.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Human, All Too Human|Love's cruel notion. - Every great love brings with it the cruel idea of killingthe object of that love, so that he may be removed once and for all fromthe wicked game of change: for love dreads change more than it doesdestruction.
Brandon Boyd|When thinking about the future, it is fashionable to be pessimistic. Yet the evidence unequivocally belies such pessimism. Over the past centuries, humanity's lot has improved dramatically - in the developed world, where it is rather obvious, but also in the developing world, where life expectancy has more than doubled in the past 100 years.
Vita Sackville-West|Oh! why was I born with a different face? why was I not born like the rest of my race? when  I look,each one starts! when I speak, I offend; then Im silent & passive & lose every friend. Then  my verse I dishonour, my pictures despise, my person degrade & my temper chastise; and the pen is my terror, the pencil my shame; all my talents I bury, and dead is my fame. Im either too low or too highly prized; when elate I m envy'd, when meek Im despis'd
David D. Burns|I didn't learn to read until I was almost 14 years old. Reading out loud for me was a nightmare because I would mispronounce words or reconstruct things that weren't even there. That's when one of my teachers discovered I had a learning disability called dyslexia. Once I got help, I read very well!
G.K. Chesterton|Another case for the dumbness of reading, however, is that books do not contain answers, but rather pose more questions. And asking questions makes you look dumber, not sma
C.S. Lakin, Conundrum|There is indeed a great deal of futility amongst the human race which we do not commonly see, for it all forms part of our illusion; but let a man be much annoyed by something that others do, so that he is separated from them and has to leave them, and looks back at what they are doing, and he'll see at once all manner of whimsical absurdities that he had not noticed before; and Ramon Alonzo in the shade of his oak, waiting for the noon to go by, grew very contemptuous of the attitude that the world took up towards shadows.
Unarine Ramaru|If you're brighter than a lightning bug, don't show your ass
William Kean Seymour, The Cats of Rome: New and Selected Poems|He liked to read with the silence and the golden color of the whiskey as his companions. He liked food, people, talk, but reading was an inexhaustible pleasure. What the joys of music were to others, words on a page were to him.
James Thurber|It is better to do one's own duty, however defective it may be, than to follow the duty of another, however well one may perform it. He who does his duty as his own nature reveals it, never sins.
Jalaluddin Rumi, The Book of Love: Poems of Ecstasy and Longing|Sometimes when I remember we aren't the same person, it shocks me.
Nicola Yoon, Everything, Everything|Is it always like that?" I ask, breathless. “No,” he says. “It's never like that.” I hear the wonder in his voice. And just like that, everything changes.
Vianka Van Bokkem|What do we do while we wait for my parents to find Jersey?” She let him go, took a step back.“We live a normal life.”The words left his lips without emotion or meaning, because at this point he knew there was no such thing as a normal life for him. Deep in his heart, he was still a vampire.
Isaac Marion, The Burning World|Mozart,” Julie says in a bitter chuckle, staring at the speaker. “It’s supposed to be the pinnacle of art, right? This transcendent human achievement? And we use it for background noise in bathrooms. We literally shit on it.
Avijeet Das|You wake up in the morning, then go for a jog, pump up the dumb-bell, and take a shower! Put on fresh and clean clothes and get out of your apartment fast! The day is yours for the taking! Carpe Diem!
Shashi Tharoor|I enjoy repartee and frequently engage in devil's advocacy. In short, when I talk to friends, I do not guard every word that I say because I think that I know they know that my commitment to equality and justice is real, and they would not twist my words or misinterpret what I am saying to them.
E.B. White|I am pessimistic about the human race because it is too ingenious for its own good. Our approach to nature is to beat it into submission. We would stand a better chance of survival if we accommodated ourselves to this planet and viewed it appreciatively, instead of skeptically and dictatorially.
Ahmed Zewail|Regardless of the nature of their crime or any rehabilitation that may have occurred, these ex-felons cannot participate in the decision-making process of this great Nation.
Summer Altice|There is no greater glory than love, nor any greater punishment than jealousy.
Lauren Graham, Talking as Fast as I Can: From Gilmore Girls to Gilmore Girls, and Everything in Between|What with your phone and the Xbox and the taxi TV and that music player you wear on your arm and the headphones that look like donuts on your ears, doesn’t it make life so much smaller? If absolutely everything important is only happening on such a small screen, isn’t that a shame? Especially when the world is so overwhelmingly large and surprising? Are you missing too much? You can’t imagine it now, but you’ll look like me one day, even though you’ll feel just the same as you do now. You’ll catch a glimpse of yourself in the mirror and think how quickly it’s all gone, and I wonder if all the time you used watching those families whose lives are filmed for the television, and making those cartoons of yourselves with panting dog tongues, and chasing after that terrible Pokémon fellow…well, will it feel like time well spent?
D.J. MacHale, The Blood|If I weren't already dead, I'd have to kill myself just so I could roll over in my grave.
Adam Driver|To repay evils with kindness is the religion I was taught to practise, and this will forever be my rule.
Vijaya Gowrisankar|The pull of lingering dreams, the strong, bitter tasteof morning coffee, the ticking clock, and horn of awaiting busform a powerful combination to kick-start the day
Parker J. Palmer|How easily we get trapped in that which is not essential - in looking good, winning at competition, gathering power and wealth - when simply being alive is the gift beyond measure.
Rebecca Solnit, Hope in the Dark|The term 'politics of prefiguration' has long been used to describe the idea that if you embody what you aspire to, you have already succeeded. That is to say, if your activism is already democratic, peaceful, creative, then in one small corner of the world these things have triumphed. Activism, in this model, is not only a toolbox to change things but a home in which to take up residence and live according to your beliefs, even if it's a temporary and local place...
Lea R. Caguinguin|LIFE LESSONSIf you plant honesty, you will reap trust* If you plant goodness, you will reap friends* If you plant humility, you will reap greatness* If you plant perseverance, you will reap contentment* If you plant consideration, you will reap perspective* If you plant hard work, you will reap success* If you plant forgiveness, you will reap reconciliation* If you plant faith in God, you will reap a harvestSo, be careful what you plant now; it will determine what you will reap later.
Megha Khare, Write like no one is reading 2|Like so many colours, like so many flavours, like so many fragrance, English grammar should be a personal choice.
Dauglas Dauglas, Roses in the Rainbow|Want something true?- I killed god... ...Hahaha, look your face... you started believing me... whaterver to be honest god is the world best Illusion in this world "Matrix".
Hillary Clinton|There is a sense that things, if you keep positive and optimistic about what can be done, do work out.
Jason E. Hodges, Your Words Will Sharpen|I am a poem in progresswith no clear beginning or endingjust a middleuntended, unintended,unfinished, hanging therelike the breath before a question
Deyth Banger, All As None and More|Why is it that we want what we don't have, yet we can't see what we do have?
Leon Trotksy|You are pitiful, isolated individuals! You are bankrupts. Your role is played out. Go where you belong from now on – into the dustbin of history!
Nora Roberts, Bed of Roses|Do you want to fix it?""I just said I was in love with her. Why wouldn't I want to fix it?""You want to know how?""Goddamn it, Del." He drank again. "Yes, since you're so fucking smart. How do I fix it?""Crawl."Jack blew out a breath. "I can do that".
Darrell Calkins, Re:|There is an actual and palpable hierarchy of emotional, mental and physiological intensity that corresponds to the actual capacities and limitations of human beings. In other words, there does exist a real and definable scale of suffering, and of joy.
Brownell Landrum, Repercussions: DUET stories Volume IV - Adult Version|If you could dream about anything you want, what would it be?
Jon Kabat-Zinn, Wherever You Go, There You Are|For if you keep my commandments you shall receive of his fulness, and be glorified in me as I am in the Father; therefore, I say unto you, you shall receive grace for grace" (D&C 93:19–20). And then a few verses later the Lord says: And truth is knowledge of things as they are, and as they were, and as they are to come; And whatsoever is more or less than this is the spirit of that wicked one who was a liar from the beginning. The Spirit of truth is of God. I am the Spirit of truth, and John bore record of me, saying: He received a fulness of truth, yea, even of all truth; And no man receiveth...
Ron Baratono|There’s a reason we’ll all end up with just a handful of true friends in our life. These are the people that have taken the time to look at our heart, so despite any flaws they're forever in our lives.
Edna St. Vincent Millay, Collected Poems|After all, my erstwhile dear,My no longer cherished,Need we say it was not love,Just because it perished?
Nocturnus Libertus|Prostitution is not a profession, it is the result of sexism and gender oppression.
Dorothy Allison, Skin: Talking about Sex, Class and Literature|I wanted to start over completely, to begin again as new people with nothing of the past left over. I wanted to run away from who we had been seen to be, who we had been... It's the first thing I think of when trouble comes - the geographic solution. Change your name, leave town, disappear, make yourself over. What hides behind that impulse is the conviction that the life you have lived, the person you are, is valueless, better off abandoned, that running away is easier than trying to change things, that change itself is not possible.
Joan Rivers|I feel like I'm doing what I love. If I can get out, shoot, film and climb, and be with my friends and family, I'm happy. It doesn't take a lot. I don't need to climb huge mountains. I have a deep connection with wilderness and the environment, and I'm thankful for that.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Even though it may look like the wicked is gaining ground, God is still in control. We need to pray for our nations, pray for others, pray for forgiveness and mercy over people. We need to love no matter who we are talking to, whether they are Atheist, Moslems, Lesbians, Homosexuals or Pagans. We need to love them and share the love of God with them and not judge and see if we can rebuild our broken nations.
Erik Pevernagie|When we stay locked up in the spectrum of unsolved life stories and keep hiding in an arcane prism, life remains a mystery behind perpetual tensions and a journey in a world beyond appearances. (“Une femme peut en cacher une autre")
L.H. Cosway|No one has ever made me feel like this, no one. So much regret, so much loss, and so much desire all swirled together in my muddled brain. In my muddled heart.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett|If love came easy, it wouldn't mean half so much.
Mark Strand|I took off my sweatshirt and dropped it on the grass and set off around the track. As soon as I started running, the world changed. The bodies spread out across the green of the football field were parts of a scene remembered, not one real at this moment. The secret of effort is to keep on, I told myself. Not for the world would I have stopped then, and yet nothing- not even if I had been turned handsome as a reward for finishing- could have made up for the curious pain of the effort.
Janice  Thompson, Fools Rush In|He flashed the warmest smile I'd ever seen, and my heart felt comforted. Maybe D.J. saw my insecurities, my fears. Maybe he knew God still had a lot of work to do in my life before I'd be good girlfriend material.Or maybe, just maybe, he saw beyond all that and simply wanted to flirt with the wedding coordinator instead of rehearse for the big night.I did my best to relax...and let him.
Lawrence Clark Powell|To achieve lasting literature, fictional or factual, a writer needs perceptive vision, absorptive capacity, and creative strength.
Victor Hugo, The Toilers of the Sea|In joined hands there is still some token of hope, in the clinched fist none.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|I expect what you're not aware of would fill several books, Dursely.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Purple Hibiscus|First time since I come to Am'rica, I not with husband or Rekha or in restaurant or store or car or apartment. I's all alone and I loves it. First time I feel everything not borrow. What I mean by that? When I with the husband, I seeing everything through his eyes - moon, sun, sky, tree, parking lot, store, everything. If he feeling sun too hot, I feeling upset. If he cursing the cold, I angry with snow. My brains not thinking my own thoughts.
Leo Tolstoy|We are all travelers in the wilderness of this world, and the best we can find in our travels is an honest friend.
Alison Malee|Ah, kindness. What a simple way to tell another struggling soul that there is love to be found in the world.
John Fowles, The Magus|In our age it is not sex that raises its ugly head, but love.
Iain M. Banks, The Hydrogen Sonata|Everyone reads, everyone hears things discussed. Consequently, if you do not listen to Theology, that will not mean that you have no ideas about God. It will mean that you have a lot of wrong ones--bad, muddled, out-of-date ideas.
Josiah Bancroft, Senlin Ascends|All men are bores. Surely no one will prove himself so great a bore as to contradict me in this. . . . The gods were bored, and so they created man. Adam was bored because he was alone, and so Eve was created. Thus boredom entered the world, and increased in proportion to the increase of population. Adam was bored alone; then Adam and Eve were bored together; then Adam and Eve and Cain and Abel were bored en famille; then the population of the world increased, and the peoples were bored en masse. To divert themselves they conceived the idea of constructing a tower high enough to reach the heavens. This idea is itself as boring as the tower was high, and constitutes a terrible proof of how boredom gained the upper hand.
Hank  Edwards, Destiny's Bastard|Psychiatrist and Auschwitz survivor, Viktor Frankl, stated, "...man is by no means merely a product of heredity and environment. There is a third element: decision. Man ultimately decides for himself!
David W. Earle|Chaos limits the free-flow of love and becomes a roadblock to what family members want most and sadly, it becomes the normal for the family.
Thomas Merton|If you want to identify me, ask me not where I live, or what I like to eat, or how I comb my hair, but ask me what I am living for, in detail, ask me what I think is keeping me from living fully for the thing I want to live for.
Walter Benjamin, The Arcades Project|As long as there is still one beggar around, there will still be myth.
Ruta Sepetys, Salt to the Sea|All the little duckies with their heads in the waterHeads in the waterAll the little duckies with their heads in the waterOh, such sweet little duckies.
Hope Barrett, Somebody Get Me A Hammer!!|I went home and tried to sleep, but couldn't, so I stared up at the moon, watching how it's trailing edge faded into darkness, so close to being full, but not quite there. A pregnant moon, Grandma called it. Full almost to bursting, and ready to give birth to something unthinkable.
Benyamin Cohen, My Jesus Year: A Rabbi's Son Wanders the Bible Belt in Search of His Own Faith|If your freedom means immorality, the cross will cry over your freedom.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Lust for possession and greed has ravaged the soul of humanity like a great cancer, metastasizing throughout society in the form of a nouveau post-human, consumer hedonism.
Katrina Kaif|The thing that surprised me the most is just how much money women that weren't rich were paying for their hair. When you're in a beauty parlor in Harlem next to abandoned buildings and somebody's paying five grand for a weave, that's a bit much.
Jennifer L. Armentrout|This much I know already: When Tommy and the Big Brains, in whispered, wry asides, talk about Project 88715, they call it something else. They call it the "Adam Project.
Beverly Engel, The Right to Innocence|As you recover, you will feel more conscious of your surroundings. Freed from the ‘fog’ of your pain, fear, and confusion, you will awaken and see the world revealed as never before. You will begin to observe things, especially yourself. You will be aware of what you do and why you do it. You will begin to observe your own behavior and attitudes.
John Dewey Speech 1917|Well we're waiting here in Allentown,For the Pennsylvania we never found,For the promises our teachers gave,If we worked hard,If we behaved...So the graduations hang on the wall,But they never really helped us at all,No they never taught us what was real,Iron and coke,And chromium steel,And we're waiting here in Allentown...But they've taken all the coal from the ground,And the union people crawled away...
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper|Your words are powerful so what you say goes a long way to either establish or destroy you; this is why you should say things that God has said concerning you, not things that situations or circumstances say.
Stan Goff, Full Spectrum Disorder: The Military in the New American Century|The demand for equality has two sources; one of them is among the noblest, the other is the basest, of human emotions. The noble source is the desire for fair play. But the other source is the hatred of superiority. At the present moment it would be very unrealistic to overlook the importance of the latter.
Peter S. Beagle, The Last Unicorn|I think that love is stronger than habits or circumstances. I think it is possible to keep yourself for someone for a long time, and still remember why you were waiting when she comes at last.... I would enter your sleep if I could, and guard you there, and slay the thing that hounds you, as I would if it had the courage to face me in fair daylight. But I cannot come in unless you dream of me.
Bill Keller|Well, one thing, you got to stand in a courtroom and listen to a judge sentencing you to 25 years in prison before you realize that freedom of expression can no longer be taken for granted.
Gregory Maguire, Out of Oz|But so often, before words can rise to the mind to imply the ineffable, the ineffable has effed off.
John Fowles, The Tree|We lack trust in the present, this moment, this actual seeing, because our culture tells us to trust only the reported back, the publicly framed, the edited, the thing set in the clearly artistic or the clearly scientific angle of perspective. One of the deepest lessons we have to learn is that nature, of its nature, resists this. It waits to be seen otherwise, in its individual presentness and from our individual presentness.
Robert Reich|I love tattoos. And mine symbolise who I really am. I have a Samurai on my left arm. At a subconscious level, I connect to this warrior and model myself on his discipline, skills and honour. There is also a tribal tattoo and a Chinese symbol of faith. I have seen a lot of people getting tattoos just because it's a trend.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|An invisible, yet active current of mental energy, underscores any book as well as any other form of artistic creation. A creative burst of psychological energy ignites any creative project. The emotional energy that underlies the artistic work propels it forward endowing it with articulation, texture, rhythm, and movement. When the expressive energy of the artist flags, the work comes to a stopping point and it takes on its final composition.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|Speculation does not determine prices; it has to accept the prices that are determined in the market. I ts efforts are directed to correctly estimating future price-situations, and to acting accordingly. The influence of speculation cannot alter the average level of prices over a given period; what it can do is to diminish the gap between the highest and the lowest prices.
Victoria Erickson|People are so stupid. They think they've got the whole puzzle figured out, but they're really so far off.
Sara Sheridan, On Starlit Seas|She understood about the comfort you can get from a small separate world, whether it's a theatre or a basketball team or the inside of a book.
John Wiswell|The language I learned was pretty, full of passivity and silence. I had no proper language for the issues of blood and anger, yet much of what went on when I was a child made me angry. There were no words a nice girl could use to describe anger; her options were to remain silent or to use indiscreet language, the kind that curls in a room like smoke and soon disappears. We girls were taught to speak safely and to bandage our anger with polite, pretty words. We might talk about the anger only in questions and sighs, unable to curse, yell or break windows in the beautiful garden.
N. K. Jemisin|And Mother does not hate her; actually, she fears Damaya. Is there a difference? Maybe.
Carlos Wallace, Life Is Not Complicated-You Are: Turning Your Biggest Disappointments Into Your Greatest Blessings|To lead is a privilege, not an entitlement. It doesn't make you better than anyone; it helps you bring out the best in everyone. Accolades don't inspire a leader's vision; they've set their sights on the success of others. Leaders bypass shortsightedness and focus on the big picture. Leaders who always stand righteously never stand alone.
Richard Baxter, The Saints' Everlasting Rest|what a silly, frail, and forward pieces are the best of men (647)!
Mike D|How many Republicans does it take to change a light bulb? Three. One to mix the martinis, one to change the light bulb, and one to reminisce about how good the old one was.
Gladys Mitchell, A Speedy Death|Look here, Mrs. Bradley," he said. "I feel a pretty frightful bounder telling you all this about the poor girl, but I think some woman ought to know about it. On Wednesday night, yes, last night, Eleanor came into my bedroom at about half-past twelve and--and wanted to stay there! I thought it was a ghost at first. I had terrible difficulty in getting rid of her. In fact, I had to get out of bed and shove her outside and lock the door. Choice, isn't it?"..."Of course you will lock your door tonight," she said."You bet I shall," Bertie said fervently, "and nothing short of the house catching fire is going to persuade me to open it.
Brenda Sutton Rose|The place cast a spell on me, a lovely spell that seduced me one one breath at a time.
George Gordon Byron|I will keep no further journal of that same hesternal torch‐light ; and, to prevent me from returning, like a dog, to the vomit of memory, I tear out the remaining leaves of this volume...
Charles Spurgeon|Advancement and promotion in Mystic Masonry is not dependent on favor; it cannot be given till it has been earned and the candidate has stored in himself the power to rise, any more than a pistol can be fired till it has been loaded.
Billy Collins|I'm pretty much all for poetry in public places - poetry on buses, poetry on subways, on billboards, on cereal boxes.
Elfriede Jelinek, The Piano Teacher|Language is power, life and the instrument of culture, the instrument of domination and liberation.
Maliheh Sadat Razavi|Don't name our stupidity, ignorance, stupid rules and lack of skills DESTINY!
Carter G. Woodson|Religion was quite a thing in our house - we were Baptists. Some Sundays I went to church three times. If there was a talk on missionary work in the afternoon, I could be there all bloody day. But religion took its first big knock after Dad died.
R.S. Belcher, The Six-Gun Tarot|He was half a politician, and like most of his kind he was an insecure man.
Jean Hanff Korelitz, Admission|All these years, her sole objective had been to keep still and hope no one would ever know. She had been a mistress of stillness. She had mastered the simulation of peace without a wisp of real peace, like a nun from a silent order who was screaming inside her head, or a yogi racked with pain. How she had managed to fool anyone, let alone everyone, mystified her (how obtuse people were!) and, oddly, made her extraordinarily bitter. Because the price of her gift for evasion was to have no one, not one person, who understood how horrible she felt. All the time. Absolutely all the time.
Gugu Mona|Working with women is such a rewarding experience because as you interact with them, you realize that although they face various struggles, women have one goal, to see the world change for the better.
Nalini Singh, Archangel's Kiss|Sometimes … I think parents work so hard to keep us from making their mistakes, they won’t allow us to make our own.
Eleesha, The Soul Whisperer : A Trilogy of Soul Awakening, Revelations & Insights|As a Father, I willingly nurture & protect the Soul's of all those - I love.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Rich just needs a more expensive shoe, but poor just needs a shoe!
Andrew T. Walker|So when we say to ourselves, or to others, 'You should obey God,' what we mean is 'We want what God deserves (your obedience) and we want what is best for you (your obedience).
Martin Filler|Truly great architecture always transcends its stated function, sometimes in unanticipated ways.
Richard M. Daley|You can be in excellent physical shape, with low cholesterol, a healthy body weight and good overall physical fitness - but that doesn't necessarily mean you're healthy.
Nicholas Eames, Kings of the Wyld|How do I look?" he asked.Barret grinned. "Old."Moog glanced over appraisingly. "Tired."Gabriel snorted a laugh. "Fuck you guys.
Heath Ledger|If you see the magic in a fairy tale, you can face the future.
John Berger, Ways of Seeing|Not in the flight of ideas, but only in action is freedom. Make up your mind and come out into the tempest of the living.
J.K. Coi, In Bed with the Competition|But you just got laid. Very well, I might add. Isn’t that enough to tide you over for a while?”“Maybe for a woman. But if a man doesn’t use the goods, they shrivel up—”She rolled her eyes.“—and now that I’ve realized what I’ve been missing, and you’ve done such a great job getting me back up on the horse, for which I’m immensely grateful, then I think I’m ready to spread my wings.” He motioned to the wing spreading area. His groin. “This really shouldn’t go to waste, now, should it?
Albert Einstein|If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things.
Sarah Mayberry, Burning Up|(Rude Scrabble)You played this game with your parents?" he asked skeptically.Yep. And Mom always won, the dirty bitch. I guess being older she'd been around more than me and Carrie," Sophie said, extracting replacement tiles from the box. "Although I don't know what Dad's excuse was. lack of imagination, I guess. Your turn.
Marc Bolan|If you're stuck you could always double up with me at my place. It's the size of a postage stamp, but the roses are the size of poodles. So it sort of evens out." -Austin
Robin Sacredfire|I take from the poor and give to the rich. They just happen to be the same individuals. Poor and stupid before they learn from me and pay with their time and money, but rich and successful after they do. The truly miserable, however, don't know how poor they are, and I want nothing from them.
Lucy Knisley, Relish: My Life in the Kitchen|Anything good on the trucks?""Some beautiful lake salmon, fresh asparagus, and new potatoes.""New enough their skin is peeling?""Yes.""I know what we're going to do today!" Lou felt the excitement surge. This was why she loved cooking: getting amazing fresh ingredients and making something extraordinary. Luella's traditional French menu didn't leave much room for creativity, so the daily special had become Lou's canvas, where she was limited only by her imagination and whims."We'll keep it a simple spring dinner. Roast the potatoes in butter, salt, and pepper. Maybe some thyme or tarragon, too. We'll top the salmon fillets with hollandaise and roast the asparagus.
Lola Stark, Tattered Love|Look, I know you’re a guy—” “Damn straight.” “And there’s some man rule that you’ve got to be all macho—” “Rule number three, actually.” Both of her eyebrows shot up. “Would you just let me finish before I make you cry and break rule number three.
Trombone Shorty|I've never hosted a party in my life, not even my own birthday party. I'd feel really uncomfortable saying, 'Hey everybody, let's celebrate me!' But I'm not antisocial. I don't hate people.
Donna Goddard, Waldmeer|There is a depth to life which only comes from our connection to other people. However, we have to find it without becoming a prisoner.
Melissa Darnell, Crave|To hear them laugh was to hear that everything was all right, but to see them laugh was to see otherwise
Douglas Bond|Good writers don’t moralize, nor do they preach, but they do create longing for the true and the beautiful, and that is why you must write with Christ at the center of your reason for writing. That does not mean that every book must be a retelling of Luke’s gospel, however, every worthy book written by a Christian will direct readers away from self, and sin, and put them on a quest for God and his gospel. Create longing for these things.
Pablo|If a problem can be solved, there is nothing to worry about. If it can't be solved, well you can always buy chocolate :)
Wallace Stegner, Angle of Repose|That night she wrote a hasty sketch and showed it to Oliver. "It's all right," he said. "But I'd take out that stuff about Olympian mountains and the Stygian caverns of the mine. That's about used up, I should think.
John Christopher, The Prince in Waiting|Even if it is nonsense, it is often useful to know what kind of nonsense men believe.
Toi Thomas, Giovanni's Angel|History has been written, but it has not always been right or complete.
James Gleick, Chaos: Making a New Science|The fractal structure nature has devised works so efficiently that, in most tissue, no cell is ever more than three or four cells away from a blood vessel. Yet the vessels and blood take up little space, no more than about five percent of the body.
Paul Bamikole|I am suprised to a mad extent that people who claim to be intelligent and truth seeking go to church, hear their religious leaders say something, and without vetting it to a reasonable extent swallow it hook and all. Now the church has moved from speaking truth to power but has now aced her game by canvassing for politicians who have no business with God or his people. "by the use of simple propaganda even the most spiritual among us can be sold for the price of an orange," and the church is already falling into this snare. Without sentiments my prayers has been that God should raise us leaders who will futher his enterprise, leaders who will put God and the masses first. So it does not matter if it is Buhari or Jonathan, after all God used Cyrus who was a full blooded gentile(Isaiah 45 verses 1-8) to futher His cause. I strongly urge Nigerians to continue in their prayers for this Jerusalem. Left to some of our religious leaders they will even go the extent of helping God to decide who gets the votes. Let's not allow ourselves to be blinded by the curtains of religion and politics. And instead of using social media to spread bad blood and create feuds, let's encourage and spread the message of peace. Come the D day, we will go out there, vote (at least we have that right), and leave the rest to God. I am a Patriot
Scott Lynch, The Lies of Locke Lamora|Ender didn't like fighting. He didn't like Peter's kind, the strong against the weak, and he didn't like his own kind either, the smart against the stupid.
Ryan Lilly|A degree helps to a degree, but your work is largely what you create it to be.
Nicholas Eames, Kings of the Wyld|Despite this, his prejudice against helmets remained unchanged. You had your pride, Ganelon had told him once, or you had nothing.
Sharon Olds|When two people are in love, they are parrallel lines. That intersect. Together but seperate. Infinity.
Sam Harris|What we do in every other area of our lives (other than religion), is, rather than respect somebody's beliefs, we evaluate their reasons.
Robin Wall Kimmerer, Braiding Sweetgrass: Indigenous Wisdom, Scientific Knowledge, and the Teachings of Plants|when someone dumps you, it's heartbreaking and insulting and horrible, sure, but being the one who breaks up is almost as bad.
discovered pages|Nobody can be more clownish, more clumsy and sententiously in bad taste than Herman Melville.
Bernie Sanders, The Speech: A Historic Filibuster on Corporate Greed and the Decline of Our Middle Class|Valkyrie smiled patiently. "I like how you do your make-up. Do you use a brush, or just dip your head in the bucket?
Terry Pratchett, Reaper Man|Insanity is a disease, and it is highly contagious.
Atul Gawande, Being Mortal: Medicine and What Matters in the End|...I realized that my father, of all these men, was the most obstinate, helplessly bonded to his better instincts and their excessive demands. I only then understood that he had quit his job not merely because he was fearful of what awaited us down the line should we agree like the others to be relocated, but because, for better or worse, when he was bullied by superior forces that he deemed corrupt it was his nature not to yield--in this instance, to resist either running away to Canada, as my mother urged our doing, or bowing to a government directive that was patently unjust. There were two types of strong men: those like Uncle Monty And Abe Steinheim, remorseless about their making money, and those like my father, ruthlessly obedient to their idea of fair play.
Amy Andrews, Seduced by the Baron|...everyone knows that road, the one leading out of town into a deep green expanse of pastures and old farmhouses, which at first makes it seem like you're entering a fairy tale, something sweet and old fashioned and lost in time. But, like all fairy tales, the beginning is always beautiful, a ruse to draw you into something you aren't anticipating.
Vincent van Gogh, The Letters of Vincent van Gogh|And the memories of all we have loved stay and come back to us in the evening of our life. They are not dead but sleep, and it is well to gather a treasure of them.
Kourtney Kardashian|My mom fed us a lot of processed food when we were kids, like chicken fingers, grilled cheese sandwiches and quesadillas. I make those treats for my family, too, but I use organic cheeses and whole wheat bread and tortillas.
Lee  Goff, A Rage Like Thunder|This is a grave. There is no honor here in broken tools and old bones, only in the deeds of our children.
|Instead of regretting the person you were yesterday, strive to become a better person today and a much better person tomorrow. Everything that you wish you could become, you can still become. Persist and persevere until success becomes a reality in your life.
Richelle Mead, Spirit Bound|Well, you've finally got a license to kill. It's about time.
Nadia Bolz-Weber, Pastrix: The Cranky, Beautiful Faith of a Sinner & Saint|Of course, Mary Magdalene would have very little tolerance for the Christian platitudes and vapid optimism that seem to swirl around these kinds of tragic events. Those platitudes are tempting, but they're nothing but luxuries for people who've never had demons (or at least have never admitted to them). But equally, she would reject nihilism, or the idea that there is no real meaning in life or death - ideas present in so much of postmodernity. Those ideas, too, are luxuries, but they are for those who have never been freed from demons.
Michelle Madow, Timeless|From mirror to mirror — this is what I happen to dream of — the totality of things, the whole, the entire universe, divine wisdom could concentrate their luminous rays into a single mirror. Or perhaps the knowledge of everything is buried in the soul, and a system of mirrors that would multiply my image would then reveal to me the soul of the universe, which is hidden in mine.
Friedrich Schiller|A man who makes a mistake, can learn from it.A man that makes the same mistake again, has never made a mistake in the first place.
Diana Peterfreund, Rites of Spring (Break)|But thats their image of us so we stay tense, holding our breath, hoping we wont be found out. - about being gay from the film Love My Life
Bernard Beckett, Lullaby|Are you a Christian? she said.I answered:I am a Christian, I am a Jew, I am a Catholic, I am Muslim. I am each and everyone of you my child, look into the mirror and you will see me,as i see you..
Christie Craig, Shut Up and Kiss Me|Love meant hope. Without love, life held no promise.
Akshay Vasu|Are you going to dance with me tonight?" I ask."Hell, yeah.""Colin never wanted to dance with me.""I'm not Colin, querida, and never will be.""Good. I've got you, Alex. I realize it's all I need and I'm ready to share it with the world."Inside the club, Alex immediately heads for the dance floor with me. I ignore the gawking stares from Fairfield students from my side of town as I pull Alex close to me and we move as one to the beat.We move together as if we've been a couple forever, every movement in sync with each other. For the first time I'm not afraid of what people think of me and Alex together. Next year, in college, it won't matter who came from what side of town.
|The only competition that matters the most, is competing to become better than your best old self.
Keith O'Brien|The process of making natural history films is to try to prevent the animal knowing you are there, so you get glimpses of a non-human world, and that is a transporting thing.
Larissa Ione, Reaver|You'll let me put a total stranger's piss hose in my mouth while my knees scream in agony on the hard floor? Right here in from of everyone? Gosh, such a hard thing to pass up. But you know, I'd rather eat Ebola pudding than let your sad little dick near me." She wiggled her fingers as she slipped past him. "Toodles" Oh, he needed to tap that.
Stefan Molyneux|Always remember: When government accepts responsibility for people, then people no longer take responsibility for themselves.
bell hooks|Knowing how to be solitary is central to the art of loving. When we can be alone, we can be with others without using them as a means of escape.
Hermann Hesse, The Fairy Tales of Hermann Hesse|He found it so easy and so pleasant to cry that he didn’t try to stop for a while, until he realized he was forcing his sobs a little, exaggerating their depth with unnecessary shudders.…The whole point of crying is to quit before you coined it up. The whole point of grief itself was to cut it out while it was still honest, while it still meant something. Because the thing was so easily corrupted
Kristian Goldmund Aumann|The Internet was always destined to be...The framework for its invention has always existed so to one day provide a vehicle for Critical Mass Consciousness. Through its speed and convenience, the Internet has the power for global and indeed universal transformation. Critical Mass Consciousness can work with the Law of Attraction to actualize an abundant global paradigm for all. Naturally, there is also an opportunity for misuse. How this medium is used on a personal and mass level will determine this culture’s past and future karma…You’re at page ten but I understand the entire evolution. In reality, it’s already over. It’s a dream. Remember? You’re living a dream. It’s very complicated to hold the dream and live the dream. You are learning the art of juggling the dream and the world of dreams.”-Kuan Yin (from "Critical Mass Consciousness: Kuan Yin Speaks on Humanity's Evolutionary Potential
TammyJo Eckhart, At Her Feet: Powering Your Femdom Relationship|The critic said, but don't you feel awkward about biting the hand that feeds you? I said no, I enjoy just gnawing it up to the shoulder.
Terry Tempest Williams, When Women Were Birds: Fifty-four Variations on Voice|I am a woman with wings,' I once wrote and will revise these words again. 'I am a woman with wings dancing with other women with wings.' In a voiced community, we all flourish.
Ludwig Wittgenstein, Culture and Value|With one kiss, my life had been altered. It would follow a different path now. One where a woman owned my heart.
John Ridley|Gay marriage will be universally accepted in time. But if I may be so bold as to say to gays and lesbians, don't wait for that time to arrive. Just as my father and his generation did not 'wait' for their civil rights, nor should you. The toothpaste ain't going back in the tube. The tide has turned.
Deyth Banger|I guess we'll just sit around here and casually die, then.
Kate  Madison, Spilled Perfume: A Memoir|You will touch this joy and you will suddenly know it is what you were looking for your whole life, but you were afraid to even acknowledge the absence because the hunger for it was so encompassing.
David Shields|I played a ton of team sports growing up, and team wins are just incredibly gratifying.
Richard Bach|I have fallen in love with the imagination. And if you fall in love with the imagination, you understand that it is a free spirit. It will go anywhere, and it can do anything.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Because tragedy happened to you, it gives you a greater sense of oneness with others who experience tragedy. Because we have been comforted through the Word of God, we in turn may be able to comfort others.
Felicity Brandon, Submission at The Tower: The Depths of Desire|Nolan,” she said. “I’m…” Scared. Say it. Tell him the truth. But her mouth remained still against his. She couldn’t tell him how badly she wanted to pull him close, because then she may not let go. She couldn’t tell him how terrified she was that she’d get lost again to another man. He cupped her face, silently coaxing her to finish her sentence. “You’re what, love?”Her eyes met his. “I’m broken.
Joe Vitale|I looked at this man and thought: Oh, how we are going to hurt each other.
Veronica Lake|Solidarity is an attitude of resistance, I suppose, or it should be.
Catherine Crowe, The Gentlewomen of Evil: An Anthology of Rare Supernatural Stories from the Pens of Victorian Ladies|I knew, of course, that I should be well paid for my services, but I would gladly have accepted half the sum I expected if I could have had it that night, for our little treasury was wholly exhausted, and we had not sixpence to purchase a breakfast for the following day. When the great hall door shut upon me, and I found myself on the pavement, with all the luxury and splendour on one side, and I and my desolation on the other, the contrast struck me cruelly, for I too, had been rich, and dwelt in illuminated palaces, and had a train of liveried servants at my command, and sweet music had echoed through my halls. I felt desperate, and drawing my hat over my eyes I began pacing the square, forming wild plans for the relief or escape from my misery. ("The Italian's Story")
Henry Beston|The lake and the mountains have become my landscape, my real world.
William Shakespeare, Othello|My particular grief Is of so flood-gate and o'erbearing nature That it engluts and swallows other sorrows, And it is still itself.
Lois McMaster Bujold, Paladin of Souls|One had heard and read a great deal about death, and even seen a little of it, and knew by heart the thousand commonplaces of religion and poetry which seemed to deaden one's senses and veil the horror. Society being immortal, could put on immortality at will. Adams being mortal, felt only the mortality. Death took features altogether new to him, in these rich and sensuous surroundings. Nature enjoyed it, played with it, the horror added to her charm, she liked the torture, and smothered her victim with caresses. Never had one seen her so winning. The hot Italian summer brooded outside, over the market-place and the picturesque peasants, and, in the singular color of the Tuscan atmosphere, the hills and vineyards of the Apennines seemed bursting with mid-summer blood. The sick-room itself glowed with the Italian joy of life; friends filled it; no harsh northern lights pierced the soft shadows; even the dying women shared the sense of the Italian summer, the soft, velvet air, the humor, the courage, the sensual fulness of Nature and man. She faced death, as women mostly do, bravely and even gaily, racked slowly to unconsciousness, but yielding only to violence, as a soldier sabred in battle. For many thousands of years, on these hills and plains, Nature had gone on sabring men and women with the same air of sensual pleasure.
Ray Bradbury, The Martian Chronicles|They began by controlling books of cartoons and then detective books and, of course, films, one way or another, one group or another, political bias, religious prejudice, union pressure; there was always a minority afraid of something, and a great majority afraid of the dark, afraid of the future, afraid of the past, afraid of the present, afraid of themselves and shadows of themselves.
Kimberly Kinrade, Bits of You & Pieces of Me|Haunted by demons of the past, hounded by demons not yet met, the nevermore and evermore left her little peace.” ~A Tale of Two Women
Søren Kierkegaard|Philosophy cannot and should not give us an account of faith, but should understand itself and know just what it has indeed to offer, without taking anything away, least of all cheating people out of something by making them think it is nothing.
Hyeonseo Lee, The Girl with Seven Names: A North Korean Defector’s Story|When the wind likes a path, the weeds around that path will tremble all day long!
Walter Kaufmann|Success is no proof of virtue. In the case of a book, quick acclaim is presumptive evidence of a lack of substance and originality.
E. Lockhart, Real Live Boyfriends: Yes. Boyfriends, Plural. If My Life Weren't Complicated, I Wouldn't Be Ruby Oliver|Maybe a friend is someone who wants your updates. Even if they're boring. Or sad. Or annoyingly cutesy. A friend says "Sign me up for your boring crap, yes indeed"--because he likes you anyways. He'll tolerate your junk
Erin O'Riordan, Cut|Happiness, to me, was no different than Mom's paprikalaced domino bars: something that looked sweet until you took a bite, and then made you want to vomit.
Parul Wadhwa, The Masquerade|Setting the remains of a freshly erupted volcano, I walk.
Ashley Earley, The Darkest Light|I can feel that I'm in a dream, but I can't wake myself up.
Czesław Miłosz|Logically, when Maestro Gott some years ago, after an especially cruel critic had compared him to "a zombie who causes acute depression to innocent radio listeners", decided to stop performing in protest, the situation was considered so grave that the Minister of Culture himself went to console the deeply insulted star.
Dianne Harman Coyote in Provence|Wil ate without enthusiasm. His bacon tasted like nothing. Like a dead animal, fried. His eggs, aborted chickens.
Vineet Raj Kapoor|To make your Opinion Count,you have to do something morethan just making Money.
Anthony Bourdain, Medium Raw: A Bloody Valentine to the World of Food and the People Who Cook|There was something sort of bleak about her tone, rather as if she had swallowed an east wind. This I took to be due to the fact that she probably hadn't breakfasted. It's only after a bit of breakfast that I'm able to regard the world with that sunny cheeriness which makes a fellow the universal favourite. I'm never much of a lad till I've engulfed an egg or two and a beaker of coffee."I suppose you haven't breakfasted?""I have not yet breakfasted.""Won't you have an egg or something? Or a sausage or something? Or something?""No, thank you."She spoke as if she belonged to an anti-sausage league or a league for the suppression of eggs. There was a bit of silence.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann|Walter Lucas, you’re going to marry me. And you’re getting epically laid as soon as we get home.
Mark Waid, Daredevil, Volume 7|While my father was out boozing, she'd read to me by the stub of a candle, a thread of soot twisting upwards from its pinched, meager flame. By her voice alone, she could raise up the old stories from the bones of their words and--lilting between shades of comedy and melodrama--turn the dreary space around me into a stage for my wildest imaginings.
Benjamin Franklin|Fear not death for the sooner we die, the longer we shall be immortal.
Ezra Taft Benson|I would say that my role model, as far as just somebody leading by example, which to me is what a great youth counselor does - they are there to talk to and lead by example - would be my mom, but she wasn't a youth counselor. She was a teacher, and she is a good person and definitely one of the biggest influences in my life.
Bill Willingham, Fables, Vol. 18: Cubs in Toyland|I could help you,” I said. “Counseling, drugs, a religious advisor, a girlfriend.
Christopher Marlowe, Doctor Faustus|If the enemy of my enemy is my friend, then a friend of my enemy, is my enemy.
rainbowbrook, Kissing Is the Easy Part|Normally I'd have given up by now, but he was so cute I decided that he was entitled to be difficult. I mean, I may get distracted sometimes, but I always saved a special space at the back of my mind for Sean, like the Presidential Suit at Ritz Carlton. Throughout the first two years of high school, I let him stay there in peace, undisturbed by my meaningless flings which came and went in the hotel lobby.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|It has been noted that actions speak louder than words. Truth is, I have found that during many situations in life, words are just noise... and actions are the ONLY things that speak.
Lucy Robinson, The Greatest Love Story of All Time|Her stomach lurches. She fancies him sooo much - she is powerless to resist. How can she possibly? She knows it's wrong: he has a girlfriend - he lives with her, for goodness' sake - and what they're doing is unfair, cruel. She is not sure what he's said to his girlfriend to wangle a night away and she doesn't want to know. She would hate it if it was done to her - she has never seen herself as the kind of girl who would steal another woman's man. She and Anna have always been most disapproving about women who do that, arguing through college and beyond that there are plenty of available men out there, that it is quite unnecessary to go for those already spoken for. But she has liked Simon since day one, and he is the one who initiated this whole thing. He is the one who blew her away with a clandestine kiss just a week ago, who asked if he could come back and stay at hers afterwards; he is the one who doubtless made unconvincing excuses when he returned home the next day. And it only took that single night to open this Pandora's box of mutual passion, being together was far, far better than it should have been, were it only a one-night stand. Karen senses that he really likes her.
Melissa Aragon, Unexpectedly Out of Focus|*****WARNING: ADULT CONTENT INTENDED FOR A MATURE AUDIENCE******“Her pussy juices welled into the cunt as Larry continued to pound it hard and fast, his dick making a sloshing sound in the pussy. As he fucked her like a whore, he felt his cock starting to explode.“I’m coming, I'm coming!
Hannah Arendt|Economics is mostly how humans rationalize who gets what and why. It's how we instantiate our preferences about status, privileges, and power.
Milan Kundera, The Book of Laughter and Forgetting|A mismatched outfit, a slightly defective denture, an exquisite mediocrity of the soul-those are the details that make a woman real, alive. The women you see on posters or in fashion magazines-the ones all the women try to imitate nowadays-how can they be attractive? They have no reality of their own; they're just the sum of a set of abstract rules. They aren't born of human bodies; they hatch ready-made from the computers." ~The Book of Laughter and Forgetting
Unarine Ramaru|I was eight years old and scared, and had no idea what was going on
|True love starts from you to you. So stop waiting on others to fulfill the emptiness in your heart. People for the most part can only bring pleasure in your life, but never happiness.
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|Women are women…How can they ignore their bodies, their looks, and above all, their dresses!
Jeaniene Frost, This Side of the Grave|You’re not going to let her do this, are you?” Bones snorted. “Let her? Mate, if you think you can control a woman, you must be single—-and a thousand pounds says she beats your arse.
Jackson Pearce, As You Wish|All I've learned in today's Shakespeare class is: Sometimes you have to fall in love with the wrong person just so you can find the right person. A more useful lesson would've been: Sometimes the right person doesn't love you back. Or sometimes the right person is gay. Or sometimes you just aren't the right person.Thanks for nothing, Shakespeare.
Courtney Summers, This is Not a Test|I am so sad. I am so sad it makes me heavier than the sum of my parts. I shift, restless, but it doesn’t help. It’s like—time. All this time in here is on me, has its hooks in me. Maybe if I sleep more, I’ll wake up and I’ll feel different, but I can’t. The storm is really happening now and it makes the room feel emptier. Makes me feel emptier.
Tahereh Mafi|I am so much happier when I am doing the things that make me me, and that's living by my standards and doing the things I love, using my talents, however random they are, to share with other people. That's what makes me happy.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Rilke's Book of Hours: Love Poems to God|I am too alone in the world, and yet not alone enoughto make every moment holy.I am too tiny in this world, and not tiny enoughjust to lie before you like a thing,shrewd and secretive.I want my own will, and I want simply to be with my will,as it goes toward action;and in those quiet, sometimes hardly moving times,when something is coming near,I want to be with those who know secret thingsor else alone.I want to be a mirror for your whole body,and I never want to be blind, or to be too oldto hold up your heavy and swaying picture.I want to unfold.I don’t want to stay folded anywhere,because where I am folded, there I am a lie.and I want my grasp of things to betrue before you. I want to describe myselflike a painting that I looked atclosely for a long time,like a saying that I finally understood,like the pitcher I use every day,like the face of my mother,like a shipthat carried methrough the wildest storm of all.
Robert James Waller, The Bridges of Madison County|It's clear to me now that I have been moving toward you and you toward me for a long time. Though neither of us was aware of the other before we met, there was a kind of mindless certainty bumming blithely along beneath our ignorance that ensured we would come together. Like two solitary birds flying the great prairies by celestial reckoning, all of these years and lifetimes we have been moving toward one another.
Sophie Kinsella|A lot of comedies are based on the reaction shot. You have one person doing something stupid and one person is generally the straight man, and the laughs generally come on the reaction of the straight man to the funny thing the other person has done.
William Zinsser, On Writing Well: The Classic Guide to Writing Nonfiction|Don't annoy your readers by over-explaining--by telling them something they already know or can figure out. Try not to use words like "surprisingly," "predictably" and "of course," which put a value on a fact before the reader encounters the fact. Trust your material.
Cristin Harber, Garrison's Creed|I want no part of you? Explain that." Because right that second, he wanted every part of her. Preferably naked.
Stetson Kennedy|I have lots of friends who are straight, privileged white guys, and I'm totally okay with them. I think they should have equal rights, just like he rest of us." Christa laughed again. Her eyes crinkled up, as though she actually thought I was funny. "As long as they don't flaunt it, right?
Zig Ziglar|Excellence, then, is a state concerned with choice, lying in a mean, relative to us, this being determined by reason and in the way in which the man of practical wisdom would determine it.
Zen Cho, Spirits Abroad|Magic ran in the family. Even her mother's second cousin, who was adopted, did small spells on the side. She sold these from a stall in Kota Bharu. Her main wares were various types of fruit fried in batter, but if you bought five pisang or cempedak goreng, she threw in a jampi for free.
Delano Johnson, Words That Changed the World|I looked at an angel today, but the angel could not see me. The angel was more amazing than beautiful, like the best forgotten dream.
Albert Camus|If the only significant history of human thought were to be written, it would have to be the history of its successive regrets and its impotences.
james joule|After the knowledge of, and obedience to, the will of God, the next aim must be to know something of His wisdom, power and goodness as evidenced by His handiwork.
Nana Awere Damoah, Sebitically Speaking|It may be the character of his mind, to be always in singular need of occupation. That may be, in part, natural to it; in part, the result of affliction. The less it was occupied with healthy things, the more it would be in danger of turning in the unhealthy direction. He may have observed himself, and made the discovery.
Tess Gerritsen, The Silent Girl|With every year that I grow older, I also draw closer to (my loved ones) to the day when we will once again be together. So I march through the deepening shadows, serene and unafraid, because I know that at the end of my journey they will be waiting for me.
Brie Larson|We often forgive those who bore us, but we cannot forgive those whom we bore.
Christopher Scotton, The Secret Wisdom of the Earth|For Arthur, words gathered in waterfall thoughts that spilled off the page into the pools of imaginaton collecting in his head.
Mark F. LaMoure|You get a: "Can Do Attitude," by practicing to be excellent. Since you earn success by being determined, higher willpower is earned too. Raise yourself to excellence.
Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical Uplifting Quotes and Poems|Ambition is the necessary spur of a great mind to great action; when acting upon a weak mind it impels it to absurdity, or sours it with discontent.
Wes Adamson|Trying to think more outside the box is like taking a picture with a camera, the more you do it, the more you learn about different positions and angles. The more you take pictures, the more you learn that you can change the camera distance range or change the speeds, and different amounts of light let in. Likewise, the camera speed is the same as allowing yourself time for outside ideas and thoughts to flow.
Laura Lee Guhrke|Webs of deceit were not only tangled, they were also very lonely.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Your personal development is your personal responsibility. No one can study or acquire knowledge for you. There are things only you can do, to bring the change or the results you require to make progress in life.
Raymond Kelly|I think that if Republicans are given the reins of leadership in the House or Senate or both, we will have to govern in a way - at least put forward solutions whether or not the president goes along with them or not, that deal with these long-term challenges.
Allie Burke, Violet Midnight|She smiled at him, and he stopped breathing.
Thiruvalluvar, Thirukkural|To solve a problem, you need to remove the cause, not the symptom.
Charles Bukowski, Ham on Rye|Here, fire turns into water;Here, the dancing of the rain declares the sun.There's no opposition in existence, no contradiction;Everything supports everything else.
Joseph von Eichendorff, Aus dem Leben eines Taugenichts|And the world suddenly appeared to me as such an awfully large place, with I so totally alone in it that I could have cried from the bottom of my heart.
George Eliot, O May I Join the Choir Invisible! And Other Favourite Poems|O may I join the choir invisibleOf those immortal dead who live againIn minds made better by their presence; liveIn pulses stirred to generosity,In deeds of daring rectitude...
Henry Ward Beecher|You know, there's a place we all inhabit, but we don't much think about it, we're scarcely conscious of it, and it lasts for less than a minute a day. It's in the morning, for most of us. It's that time, those few seconds when we're coming out of sleep but we're not really awake yet. For those few seconds we're something more primitive than what we are about to become. We have just slept the sleep of our most distant ancestors, and something of them and their world still clings to us. For those few moments we are unformed, uncivilized. We are not the people we know as ourselves, but creatures more in tune with a tree than a keyboard. We are untitled, unnamed, natural, suspended between was and will be, the tadpole before the frog, the worm before the butterfly. We are, for a few brief moments, anything and everything we could be.
Andrew Davidson, The Gargoyle|You are mine,I am yours; you may be sure of this. You've been locked inside my heart, the key has been thrown away; within it, you must always stay. 
Jim Jarmusch|Steal from anywhere that resonates with inspiration or fuels your imagination. Devour old films, new film, music, books, paintings, photographs, poems, dreams, random conversations, architecture, bridges, street signs, trees, clouds, bodies of water, light and shadows. Select only things to steal from that speak directly to your soul.
Aishah Madadiy, Bits of Heaven|When you are in love, it means that the person you love is of great personal, selfish importance to you and to your life.
Debasish Mridha|We live our lives with hope, intentions, and actions. Without hope, there will be no intention. Without intention, there will be no action.
Pseudonymous Bosch|Everyone’s got secrets, Jem. It’s what makes people interesting.
Dorothy Parker|It costs me never a stab nor squirm / To tread by chance upon a worm. / Aha, my little dear, / I say, Your clan will pay me back one day.
Nabil N. Jamal|To be free to roam our own consciousness and be responsible for ourselves, a letting go process is required. We have to let go of how others define us; what damaging messages remain from childhood; how others define our relationship with the creator; and what expectations they may have for us.
Robert Penn Warren, Selected Poems, 1923-1975|Just because an impressive storm doesn’t touch you, you must not find it beautiful! Lend an ear to the voices of those which are under the storm!
Herbie Hancock|In complete darkness, it is only knowledge and wisdom that separates us.
Celeste Ng, Everything I Never Told You|He can guess, but he won't ever know, not really. What it was like, what she was thinking, everything she'd never told him.
Harriet Evans, Happily Ever After|When you walk alone, when everybody is against you, if you are sure with your ideas, walk strongly and proudly as if there is an army of angels by your side! ~
Robin Bielman, Falling for Her Bachelor|Lane tipped his head nearer so their foreheads gently touched. "I want you more than I've wanted anything in my life," he said, his voice low and husky. "More than I thought it was possible to want.
Drishti Bablani, Uns|Habits are hard to let go, especially if they are human beings.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|Each day, speak as if someone may be listening in and act as if someone could be watching. Do not say it if you do not mean it or know it to be true. Do not do anything privately that would shame you publicly. Good judgment should not cease simply because you think no one will ever know. Everything performed in the darkness is always revealed in the light. The Universe has an uncanny way of laying your life bare. Make sure you can deal with what may eventually be revealed.
John Lennon|The more I see, the less I know for sure.
Will Self|If students get a sound education in the history, social effects and psychological biases of technology, they may grow to be adults who use technology rather than be used by it.
Toni Morrison, Paradise|What have you talked about then?” Alec didn’t like how jealous he sounded, but it couldn’t be helped. Ever since Charlie had come home he didn’t know how to feel about her. It was impossible to just wipe out all the love he’d carried for her for so many years, every time he looked at his sons he saw her in them. He had tried to move on, he had moved on, but a part of him would always love her. Everything he had learnt about being a man, a lover, a true friend, a father; all these things he had learnt with her right by his side. She had made him her constant in a world where she had never known true stability, and he had loved her all the more for it. But just as it was impossible to stop loving her, the same could be said when it came to hating her. He f*** ing hated her. He loved her with the same intensity of hating her.
Carrie Ann Ryan, Enforcer's Redemption|A sharp and familiar pang pierced his heart, rattled around his ribs, and then settled in his stomach like a rotting, dead weight. He took a swig of his Jack on the rocks, the burn not quite dulling the ache that had haunted him for two decades. God, he missed Anna. Enforcer's Redemption
Mark Moran|in principle and reality, libraries are life-enhancing palaces of wonder
Lin Yutang|If you can spend a perfectly useless afternoon in a perfectly useless manner, you have learned how to live
Stephen Richards|A man can be knocked down a thousand times and can still get back up, but when he puts himself down he has defeated himself more than a million others could have done.
Ron Johnson|When medical students focus on helping others, they're able to weather the slings and arrows of long hours and devastating health outcomes: they know their colleagues and patients are depending on them.
Charles Dickens, The Pickwick Papers|Someone needs to buy a radio station, then play nothing but audio books, with a different genre of book played at set times. That way we can always have something new to read, no matter where we are.
George F. Kennan|To be 'for animals' is not to be 'against humanity.' To require others to treat animals justly, as their rights require, is not to ask for anything more nor less in their case than in the case of any human to whom just treatment is due. The animal rights movement is a part of, not opposed to, the human rights movement. Attempts to dismiss it as anti human are mere rhetoric.
M.F. Moonzajer|A leader is heard, a great leader is listened too.
Dani Shapiro, Devotion: A Memoir|Not crazy in a 'let's paint the kitchen bright red!' sort of way. But crazy in a 'gas oven, toothpaste sandwich, I am God' sort of way. Gone were the days when she would stand on the deck lighting lemon-scented candles without then having to eat the wax.p28
Thomas Menino|The main prank that we play with props is for people's birthdays. The special effects people will put a little explosive in the cake so it blows up in their face - that's always fun to play on a guest star, or one of the trainees or someone who's new.
Katharine Hepburn, Me|We are taught you must blame your father, your sisters, your brothers, the school, the teachers - but never blame yourself. It's never your fault. But it's always your fault, because if you wanted to change you're the one who has got to change.
Saffron Aldridge|In the morning, before I leave the house, I say five things I love about myself, like 'You have really pretty eyes.' That way I can go out into the world with that little bit of extra confidence.
Gudjon Bergmann, Living in the Spirit of Yoga: Take Yoga Off the Mat and Into Your Everyday Life|Gandhi is an example of a man who grew from being self-centered as he was learning to become a lawyer in England, to becoming more family- and social oriented in South-Africa, where he led a reformation of Indian rights, to becoming determined in helping his nation recover from British rule at which he succeeded in the end with the help of a great many people. At the end of his life Gandhi was increasingly focused on a larger picture, encasing the whole world in his vision of a peaceful future.
Albert Camus, The Myth of Sisyphus and Other Essays|You live in a deranged age - more deranged than usual, because despite great scientific and technological advances, man has not the faintest idea of who he is or what he is doing.
Elizabeth George|For Foucauld and the Little Brothers, life in the desert was not a flight from the world but rather a school of love and prayer to learn to enter more deeply into humanity. Their goal was to shout the gospel not so much with their mouths as with their lives.
Brondt Kamffer, The Scion of Abacus, Part 4|What is perfect, anyway? The absence of perfection and the existence of human nature in place of something we want to do or we don’t want to do, is an excuse, not an exoneration.
Virginia Woolf, The Waves|Something now leaves me; something goes from me to meet that figure who is coming, and assures me that I know him before I see who it is. How curiously one is changed by the addition, even at a distance, of a friend. How useful an office one's friends perform when they recall us. Yet how painful to be recalled, to be mitigated, to have one's self adulterated, mixed up, become part of another. As he approaches I become not myself but Neville mixed with somebody - with whom? - with Bernard? Yes, it is Bernard, and it is to Bernard that I shall put the question, Who am I?
Erik Tomblin, The Space Between|She felt the essence of herself pulled finer and smaller like those streams of spun glass that pull and stretch till there remains but a glimmering illusion. Neither falling nor breaking, the stream spins finer. She felt herself very small and ecstatic. Alabama was in love.
Suzanne Collins, Catching Fire|Since I’ve been home I’ve been trying hard to mend my relationship with my mother. Asking her to do things for me instead of brushing aside any offer of help, as I did for years out of anger. Letting her handle all the money I won. Returning her hugs instead of tolerating them. My time in the arena made me realize how I needed to stop punishing her for something she couldn’t help, specifically the crushing depression she fell into after my father’s death. Because sometimes things happen to people and they’re not equipped to deal with them.
David Andrew Weir|In Einstein's equation, time is a river. It speeds up, meanders, and slows down. The new wrinkle is it can have whirlpools and fork into two rivers. So, if the river of time can be bent into a pretzel, create whirlpools and fork into two rivers, then time travel cannot be ruled out.
Tim Relf, Stag|Maybe this is who I really am.Not a loner, exactly.But someone who can be alone.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, What Is Love? - A Collection of Poems|I thought it was love, but it wasn't. It was a need to be the right girl for him. I just couldn't understand why I wasn't good enough, or how he could marry her.
V.C. Andrews, Heart Song|It seemed unreasonable, unfair, that a woman so young and beautiful should be so exhausted. Of course, it was neither unreasonable nor unfair. Exhaustion pays no mind to age and beauty. Like rain and earthquakes and hail and floods.
August Wilson|Confront the dark parts of yourself, and work to banish them with illumination and forgiveness. Your willingness to wrestle with your demons will cause your angels to sing.
John Madden|Since I was a little girl, I have witnessed the strength and courage that energized my mother, who left every sorrow and pain in the past, who would work unyieldingly to obtain her goals, who was the great warrior from whom I learned all the values that are today fundamental pillars of my every day.
Stephen Richards|Contrary to what you may think, when O’Sah told me about kytaen, that I’d be meeting one, I didn’t picture a pet or a lackey to follow me. I didn’t think of a prisoner. I… I pictured an ally, a friend, OK?
Rochelle Distelheim|NO MUSE IS GOOD MUSETo be an Artist you need talent, as well as a wifewho washes the socks and the children,and returns phone calls and library books and types.In other words, the reason there are so many moreMen Geniuses than Women Geniuses is not Genius.It is because Hemingway never joined the P.T.A.And Arthur Rubinstein ignored Halloween.Do you think Portnoy's creator sits through children's theatermatinees--on Saturdays?Or that Norman Mailer faced 'driver's ed' failure,chicken pox or chipped teeth?Fitzgerald's night was so tender because the fenderhis teen-ager dented happened when Papa was at a story conference.Since Picasso does the painting, Mrs. Picasso did the toilet training.And if Saul Bellow, National Book Award winner, invited thirty-threefor Thanksgiving Day dinner, I'll bet he had help.I'm sure Henry Moore was never a Cub Scout leader,and Leonard Bernstein never instructed a tricyclerOn becoming a bicycler just before he conducted.Tell me again my anatomy is not necessarily my destiny,tell me my hang-up is a personal and not a universal quandary,and I'll tell you no muse is a good museunless she also helps with the laundry.
William J. Clinton|America is best when we come together with clear leadership, expertise, and the political will to take on difficult challenges and get things done. No one should ever doubt the strength and resilience of our country and our democracy.
Stephen King, The Dark Tower|Do they see the lethal insanity of a race to the brink of oblivion, and then over the edge? Apparently not. If they did, surely they wouldn't be racing to begin with. Or is it a simple failure of imagination? One doesn't like to think such a rudimentary failing could bring about the end, yet...
Frank Close, The Infinity Puzzle: Quantum Field Theory and the Hunt for an Orderly Universe|The fine structure constant is undoubtedly the most fundamental pure (dimensionless) number in all of physics. It relates the basic constants of electromagnetism (the charge of the electron), relativity (the speed of light), and quantum mechanics (Planck's constant).
Conrad Rudolph|[Medieval] Art was not just a static element in society, or even one which interacted with the various social groups. It was not simply something which was made to decorate or to instruct — or even to overawe and dominate. Rather, it was that and more. It was potentially controversial in ways both similar and dissimilar to its couterpart today. It was something which could by its force of attraction not only form the basis for the economy of a particular way of life, it could also come to change that way of life in ways counter to the original intent. Along with this and because of this, art carried a host of implications, both social and moral, which had to be justified. Indeed, it is from the two related and basic elements of justification and function — claim and reality — that Bernard approaches the question of art in the Apologia.
Mark Forsyth, The Unknown Unknown: Bookshops and the Delight of Not Getting What You Wanted|Why are things beautiful? I don´t know. That´s a good question. Isn´t it pleasing when you ask a question of a person, a teacher, or a speaker, and he or she says, That´s a good question? Don´t you feel good when that happens?
Alfred Eisenstaedt|Stories come in all different kinds." Hester scooted closer, clearly enjoying the subject at hand. "There's tales, which are light and fluffy. Good for a smile on a sad day. Then you got yarns, which are showy-yarns reveal more about the teller than the story. After that there's myths, which are stories made up by whole groups of people. And last of all, there's legends." She raised a mysterious eyebrow. "Legends are different from the rest on account no one knows where they start. Folks don't tell legends; they repeat them. Over and over again through history.
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|Wit, after all, is the unfailing symptom of intelligence.
Terry Goodkind, Confessor|Nicci looked up at Kahlan. “Knives are not my talent.” “It’s not hard,” Kahlan said as she pressed the handle into Nicci’s hand. “When the time is right, just stick the pointed end somewhere important in someone you really don’t like.
G. Gordon Liddy|History could pass for a scarlet text, its jot and title graven red in human blood.
Crystal Evans|In a world of insanity, nothing is sacred. It's an insane world, nothing is sacred.
Martina Boone, Persuasion|Barrie wanted to fall into him, her lost to his found, her need to his want. Kissing was like the physical form of magic, all potential and the sense that anything might happen. When she was kissing Eight, she felt like she could fly.
Rick Yancey, The 5th Wave|I raise my face to his, ready for the crush of his lips against mine, wanting to share more than these nervous breaths.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness|There are two kinds of idiots - those who don't take action because they have received a threat, and those who think they are taking action because they have issued a threat.
Adrienne Rich, On Lies, Secrets, and Silence: Selected Prose, 1966-1978|In a world dominated by violent and passive-aggressive men, and by male institutions dispensing violence, it is extraordinary to note how often women are represented as the perpetrators of violence, most of all when we are simply fighting in self-defense or for our children, or when we collectively attempt to change the institutions that are making war on us and our children.
Lynda Miller, The Sparrow and the Vixens Three|Some of you might know me as Meg Lacey, but Lynda Miller is my real name. Of course, I am usually called Lynn and only Lynda by my father when I was in trouble.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|This world, the eternally imperfect, the eternal and imperfect image of a contradiction – an intoxicating joy to its imperfect creator – that is what I once thought the world.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|...don't act like I didn't for you.I did. Hard. And for a long time.So please, forgive me if now that we're over, I'm exhausted.
Howard Jacobson, The Finkler Question|After I nodded, she continued. “We can no longer express with words our emotional states, our revelations, our transformations. Words fail. We are in the very beginning stages of what might take years or even decades of transition. The human race is developing a Universal Language. The practices that will assist humanity—and assist you—in reaching this higher communication will include all the things I'll share with you: vocal exploration, meditation, and energetic practices such as chi gong and yoga. Through these techniques, you are going to completely overhaul your nervous system and your energetic makeup to allow the emergence of this language within you.
Colleen Boyd, Swamp Angel|We all fight monsters, she knew. There was no shame in losing.
M.T. Anderson|What is this life! you cry out. Only silence answers, and it is eloquent. Shining eyes open in the darkness, the eyes of that face, smiling too much and too long. Without a word, that smile coerces from you an old question: Was it all so useless? The smile pushes up at its edges, too rigid to be real. You cannot look away as it widens past all natural proportion. There is nothing left but that big smile. It is the last thing you see: a great gaping mouth like the entrance to a carnival ride. Then: the sense of being swallowed. That is the story; that is the plot of our lives.
John Connolly, The Burning Soul|When one encounters enough strangeness, then what is strange ultimately becomes familiar.The mind can accommodate itself to almost anything, given time: pain, grief, loss, even the possibility that the dead talk to the living.
Sharon Sant, Runners|Sadie gave her head an exaggerated scratch. ‘Don’t come too close if you know what’s good for you, these nits are on steroids.
Lurlene McDaniel, Don't Die, My Love|If there's no chocolate in Heaven, I'm not going.
Katie Kacvinsky, Awaken|Nothing could convince Aunt Nelly to let Vlad stay home for the duration of the school year, which just goes to prove that parents and guardians don't care if they're sending you to face bloodthirsty monsters, so long as you get a B in English.
Ann Gimpel, Earth's Blood|I don't really know who I am , and I don't know when to stop, so if I see a great big threatening button that should never ever be touched I just want to do this!
Judith Olney|Besides its content and methods, the cuisine devised by squaws and hillbilly women, as well as slave women, had another thing in common, which was the belief that you made do with whatever you could lay hands on--pigs' entrails, turnip tops, cowpeas, terrapins, catfish--anything that didn't bite you first.
Mayowa Ajisafe, Eagle Success|Nothing is Impossible. The word "impossible" itself reads "I'm Possible"!
Paul Howsley, The Year of the Badgers|Your hate is poison, Vincenzo. It eats you from the inside out. You must find it in your heart to let go. Then, and only then, will you find the peace you seek. Only then will you be forgiven.
Abhishek Kumar, Stardust Family - We Are One!|And that was my homecoming. It was fine, I guess. Getting back feels like your first breath after nearly drowning. Even if it hurts, it's good.
Debasish Mridha|To be a success, follow your love but not the process.
François Magendie|My life hasn't been perfect, yet I've never wasted my time envying anyone else. If something wasn't the best it could be - I made it better.
Robin Epstein, God Is in the Pancakes|Scratch a female inmate, I've discovered, and you'll usually find a girl whose mother had terrible taste in men.
Robert Hobkirk, Blind Date: Ten Short Stories|She ordered white wine, and I ordered Schweppes tonic water without the booze. The drinks came, and I took a hit.The first thing she said was, “I don’t know how you can drink that stuff straight?”“You mean without the liquor to kill the taste?”“Yeah, it’s so bitter.”“That’s what I like about it. It’s bitter like me. We match.”“You mean you’re a grumpy old man?”“Right. Can’t help it. That’s what happens when you get old.”“Well, I’m an optimist.”“I’m an optimist too, just a grumpy optimist.
George Gordon Byron|When the green woods laugh with the voice of joy, And the dimpling stream runs laughing by; When the air does laugh with our merry wit, And the green hill laughs with the noise of it.
Dave Matthes, Sleepeth Not, the Bastard|Plans never go as planned, ever; that’s just how life is. People spend way too much time dreaming about a future they should be having more nightmares warning them against. But that doesn't mean you should let those bad dreams scare you away; all those nightmares want is respect. If you give them that, they’ll give you the space you need. Unless, of course, they’re the type of nightmares that have an appetite, then you’re fucked.
Emma Daley|I went out to the hazel woodbecause a fire was in my headcut and peeled a hazel wandand hooked a berry to a threadand when white moths were on the wingand moth-like stars were flickering outI dropped the berry in a stream,and caught a little silver trout....(Song of Wandering Aengus)
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Every new morning brings new strength, new hope and new vision.
Sunday Adelaja|Friends, since when has irresponsibility become a Nigerian factor?
Byron Edgington|I don't want truth, Palmer; I want smoke!" Captain Ahearn: Waiting For Willie Pete
Diane Vaughan, Uncoupling: Turning Points in Intimate Relationships|She paused a moment."Pepino, shall I tell all our dear friends our little secret?" she said. "If you say 'no,' I shan't. But, please, Pepino--"Pepino, however, had been instructed to say 'yes,' and accordingly did so.
Ally Condie, Reached|Some people think the stars must look closer from up here. They don't. When you're up here, you realize how distant they really are—how impossible to reach.
Stephanie Seymour|Sometimes your friends are your lovers, or have been at one time.
Chelsea Handler|Anyone who knows me, and most of my fans, know that I have a sense of humor.
Terry Johnson, Plays 1: Insignificance / Unsuitable for Adults / Cries from the Mammal House|Knowledge isn't truth. It's just mindless agreement. You agree with me, I agree with someone else - we all have knowledge. We haven't come any closer to the truth. You can never understand anything by agreeing, by making definitions. Only by turning over the possibilities. That's called thinking. If I say "I know", I stop thinking. As long as I keep thinking, I come to understand. That way, I might approach some truth.
Napoleon Hill, You Can Work Your Own Miracles|Fortune definitely frowns upon all ill-gotten wealth, and often causes it to mysteriously evaporate.
Thorstein Veblen|The theories of the social sciences do not consist of “laws” in the sense of empirical rules about the behavior of objects definable in physical terms. All that the theory of the social sciences attempts is to provide a technique of reasoning which assists us in connecting individual facts, but which, like logic or mathematics, is not about the facts. It can, therefore, and this is the second point, never be verified or falsified by reference to facts.
Carol A Brown|special" knowledge gives them a sense of power, control, status and/or monetary gain. For some, the need to belong is so powerfulthat they choose to ignore the fact that the power they think are wielding actually controls, manipulates, and abuses them.
F.C. Malby, Take Me to the Castle|Cowan son of Branieucc, you're the only one of my people that I know for sure still lives.
John Perez|I'm a responsible soul. But anyone who has the chance to spend time with me can see I'm still 22 years old. I love talking about clothes and guys and shoes and makeup. Plus, I'm obsessed with anything Hello Kitty!
Jessa Crispin, Why I Am Not a Feminist: A Feminist Manifesto|It is our entire culture, the way it runs on money, rewards inhumanity, encourages disconnection and isolation, causes great inequality and suffering, that's the enemy. That is the only enemy worth fighting.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|What I’ve learned is there’s a scientifically proven phenomenon that’s attached to gratitude, and that if you consciously take note of what is good in your life, quantifiable benefits happen.
Aditya Bhaskara|It make me upset, whenever i look back and think of old days, it bring me so many memories, i have done lots of mistakes,I made lots of people sad, but I have got a lot of great memories too, i had so many amazing days and wounderful memories but i also know which those days are over. i don't think i will let my self ever do so much terrible things, i want to change myself in a better shape, a better an understandable person, i want to be a good person, i want to love all humans beyond any condition, i believe they are all my brothers and sisters, no matter if they have different religions or they don't have any religion at all, i will keep loving them even if some of them hurt me, i will not allow myself to hurt them back cause i want to be a better person and i want to stay human, cause i believe we should not hurt each other even if they did, we should not do it back. Let's stay human.
Joan Rivers, Enter Talking|People say it is not the key to happiness, but I have always figured if you have enough money you can have a key made.
G.K. Chesterton|Fairy tales were not my escape from reality as a child; rather, they were my reality -- for mine was a world in which good and evil were not abstract concepts, and like fairy-tale heroines, no magic would save me unless I had the wit and heart and courage to use it widely.
Michael Oechsle|Heavens is here 'neath the mountain walls,In the song of the wind and the waterfalls,In the watchful stars that blanket the nightAnd the music of birds before the dawn light.Heaven is here in our mountain keep.In the silence and dim of the forest deep,From the chestnut tall as the mightiest mast,To the laurel flowers in the shadow it casts.Heaven is here on theses mountains high, In ancient stone castles that challenge the sky,In the thunder and flash that ring from their fightAnd the meadows made gold by the day's final light.
Daniel Abraham, The Dragon's Path|They were rather handsome, had been educated in one of the first private seminaries in town,
Siri Hustvedt, A Plea for Eros: Essays|It is true that I suffered in a difficult and stupid love affair and that I worked at one bad job after another to try to keep myself going. Nevertheless, I remember that time as extraordinary, and I wouldn't trade it for anything. I don't even wish now that I had more money. And had I been asked if I was suffering at the time, I would have said a defiant no.
Mother Teresa|A typical submissive lives to serve. She likely grew up believing that service to the people you care for is how you express your love for them. It had little or nothing to do with relationship dynamics, sex, kink, or anything anywhere near that complicated. It is a simple, sweet principle of love: If you care for someone, you do nice things for that person. It makes you feel better, it makes him feel better, and it makes the world - or at least your little corner of it - a better place for a time.
Ben Bernanke|Given the extent of the exposures of major banks around the world to A.I.G., and in light of the extreme fragility of the system, there was a significant risk that A.I.G.'s failure could have sparked a global banking panic.
Brooks Jensen, Letting Go of the Camera: Essays on Photography and the Creative Life|What pricks me is the discovery of this equivalence. In front of the photograph of my mother as a child, I tell myself: She is going to die: I shudder… over a catastrophe which has already occurred. Whether or not the subject is already dead, every photograph is this catastrophe.
Karl Ove Knausgård|There is a sort of light surrounding Abel, something pure and strong radiates from him no matter where he is or what he's doing. Sometimes Cain thinks he possesses a soul without shadows. That's what people want to be close to. But if so, it's not like a child's, for a child's soul is delicate, its flickering flame needs no more than the opening of a door onto the world to blow it out. Nothing can destroy Abel's light. In his presence one never feels wicked, only foolish. That darkness which in solitude can seem so powerful, occasionally even intoxicating, seems risible in his company.
Jack Kerouac, Maggie Cassidy|Never dreaming, was I, poor Jack Duluoz, that the soul is dead. That from Heaven grace descends . . . No Doctor Pisspot Poorpail to tell me; no example inside my first and only skin. That love is the heritage, and cousin to death. That the only love can only be the first love, the only death the last, the only life within, and the only word . . . choked forever.
Quoleena Sbrocca, The Crossing Hour|Karma and manifestation work 24/7 to balance the scales. Do justice, in due time.
Bill Hicks|The old agility was still present and the passion was undeniable, but it was the wobbling of the gut, the puffing of the cheeks and the profuse sweating that lent the performance its true magic.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|The secret is in absolutely refusing to let the river beat you down. If I had to, I'd measure my progress in inches. One more inch I've swum—one less inch to swim. Once you know the secret, then nobody's river can bring you down.
Bohumil Hrabal, Too Loud a Solitude|I am now quite cured of seeking pleasure in society, be it country or town. A sensible man ought to find sufficient company in himself.
Ben Yagoda, The Art of Fact: A Historical Anthology of Literary Journalism|The working people of the Flint area hated this rag, but it was our only daily so you read it. Everyone called it the "Flint Urinal." Editorially, the paper had historically been on the wrong side of every major social and political issue of the twentieth century -- "the wrong side" meaning: whatever side the union workers were on, the Urinal took the opposite position.
Dave Barry, I'll Mature When I'm Dead: Dave Barry's Amazing Tales of Adulthood|In the imposition of a unitary and homogeneous popular culture, disseminated now throughout the world by the spread of Western technology and communications, is to be found one of the central features of modernity's distinctive way of achieving the priority of the one over the many. Homogeneity derives from the creation of an undifferentiated social or other reality...It is not therefore the priority of the many that distinguishes modernity from other cultures, but the shape the priority of the one takes in practice. Thus both the ancient and modern eras, in so far as they can be distinguished in the way often attempted, share in a tendency to elevate the one over the many: to enslave the many to the heteronomous rule of the one. The pathos of the modern condition is that, after rejecting what it rightly sees to be the oppressive forms of unity deriving from the past, it has itself succumbed to various false universals that replicate or even exacerbate the bondage from which it had hoped to free itself.
Tom McCarthy|It sounds so trite but in relationships, you have to communicate.
Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights|No mountain of doom, Just foothills of Ferninand.Towers of fire and glory as far as one can see.
Kendare Blake, Anna Dressed in Blood|Anna's eyes soften, and the stubborn tears begin to recede. The way she stands, the way she breathes, I know she wants to come closer. New knowledge fills up the air between us and neither of us wants to breathe it in.
Brian McGreevy, Hemlock Grove|A man need not be ashamed of moist eyes when he gazes on the face of some loved one who is far away. It's human. It shows a kindly heart, an impressionable mind!("The Doomed Man")
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Sometimes life touches one person with a bouquet and another with a thorn bush, But the first may find a wasp in the flowers, and the second may discover roses among the thorns.
Thomas Jefferson, Writings: Autobiography/Notes on the State of Virginia/Public & Private Papers/Addresses/Letters|Religion is regarded by the common people as true, by the wise as false, and by rulers as useful.
Sachin Panwar|Sometimes,just do what your mind tells you to do.Just don't care about people.Because,neither you can afford loosing that time nor people will care after sometime.So just be who you are.
Suzanne Collins, Gregor and the Code of Claw|In theory, sure, Gregor could still go home. Pack up his three-year-old sister, Boots, get his mom out of the hospital, where she was recovering from the plague, and have his bat, Ares, fly them back up to the laudry room of their appartment building in New York City. Ares, his bond, who saved his life numerous times and who had had nothing but suffering since he had met Gregor. He tried to imagine the parting. "Well, Ares, it's been great. I'm heading home now. I know by leaving I'm completely dooming to annihilation everbody who's helped me down here, but I'm really not up for this whole war thing anymore. So, fly you high, you know?" Like that would ever happen.
Elizabeth Scott, The Unwritten Rule|I know who I want to be with, and it isn't her.- Ryan
Matshona Dhliwayo|Learn from the ocean; when it rises, it carries more than itself along with it.
Catherine Lacey, The Answers|It was grotesque and eerie, too strange of a dream.
Patricia Highsmith, Deep Water|What matters is the need to move from the rigidity of national stereotypes towards something more truly human; what matters is to discover the riches of human hearts and souls; what matters is the human content of poetry and science, the universal charm and beauty of architecture; what matters is the magnanimity of a nation's leaders and historical figures. only by exalting what is truly human, only by fusing the national with what is universally human, can try dignity - and true freedom - be achieved.It is the struggle for freedom of thought and expression, the struggle for a peasant's freedom to sow what he wants to sow, for everyone's freedom to enjoy the fruits of their own work - this is the true struggle for national dignity.The only real triumph of national freedom is one that brings about the triumph of all human freedom.For small nations and large nations alike, this is the only way forward.And it goes without saying that the Russians too - as well as Armenians, Georgians, Kazakhs, Kalmyks and Uzbeks - must understand that it is precisely through renouncing the idea of their own national superiority that they can truly affirm the grandeur and dignity of their own people, of their own literature and science.
Charlotte Eriksson|You'd better make friends with Time, because sooner or later it will catch up with you.
Tilar J. Mazzeo|Bad habit, lunch. A banana and a water biscuit is all any sane healthy man should need in the middle of the day.
James          Anderson, The Never-Open Desert Diner|Mr. Welper, of the few certainties I've come across in life, one of them is that when a person says money is no object, the opposite is most likely true. Money is the only object—or will be.
Friedrich Nietzsche, On Truth and Untruth: Selected Writings|Well, I want novels,' said Tessa. 'Or poetry. Books are for reading, not for turning oneself into livestock.' Will's eyes glittered. 'I think we may have a cope of Alice's Adventures in Wonderland about somewhere.' Tessa wrinkled her nose. 'Oh, that's for little children, isn't it?' she said. "I never liked it much-seemed like so much nonsense.' Will's eyes were very blue. 'There's plenty of sense in nonsense sometimes, if you wish to look for it.
Rabih Alameddine, An Unnecessary Woman|And I look right into his eyes, right into him as far as I can see, because I want him to hear me, I want him to hear me with everything I mean and feel and say.
Wahida Clark, Justify My Thug|Like they say, the game is chess, it damn sure ain't checkers. Every move I make is so that I can conquer and destroy.
Alexandra Elle|When you are truly stunning, gorgeous and beautiful, you won’t have to prove that to anyone visually.
Lauren Willig, The Ashford Affair|I mean to tell you, the Law's notion of justice is more cold-blooded than any outlaw I ever knew. And I mean 'outlaw,' not criminal. 'Criminal' doesn't distinguish between guys like men and the guys who own the banks and insurance companies and stock markets, who own the factories and coal mines and oil fields, who own the goddamn Law. I once said to John that being an outlaw was about the only way left for a man to hold on to his self-respect, and he said Ain't that the sad truth. The girls laughed along with us because they knew it wasn't a joke.... John got the publicity because he loved it ... he carried on like the whole thing was an adventure movie and he was Douglas Fairbanks. He wanted to to be a 'star.' That's how he was. Not me. I never even liked having my picture taken. All I ever wanted was to show the bastards who own the law that it didn't mean they owned me.
Beryl Markham, West with the Night|(Quoting her friend Tom Black on an amateur hunter's injury:)"Lion, rifles -- and stupidity.
Shannon L. Alder|Pressure has the power to create a diamond, but it has to be the "right" pressure.
Nursultan Nazarbayev|The question I asked Georges has now become a general one - You, who thought you were superfluous, who thought there was no place for you in society, not only are you not superfluous, you are needed and so those who were beggars become givers.
Brian Jay Jones, Jim Henson: The Biography|It is our responsibility to keep telling these tales--to tell them in a way that they teach and entertain and give meaning to our lives,' he [Jim] said later. 'This is not merely an obligation, it's something we must do because we love doing it.
Stephen Markley, Tales of Iceland or "Running with the Huldufólk in the Permanent Daylight"|That we leave our homes, that we step through our doors to the world, that we travel our whole lives not because we want to collect exotic T-shirts, not because we want to consume foreign adventure the same Western way we consume plastic and Styrofoam and LCD TVs and iPads, but because it has the power to renew us—not the guarantee, not the promise, just the possibility. Because there are places our imaginations can never construct for us, and there are people who we will never meet but we could and we might. It reminds us that there is always reason to begin again.
Winston S. Churchill|When the eagles are silent, the parrots begin to jabber.
Mary Balogh, A Secret Affair|Dealing with one who feels smarter than you,let him assume that you ain't smarter than him.
Mehmet Murat ildan|I smile thinly, to make it clear that this will happen when hell turns into a family friendly summer resort.
Larry Page|I use technology for communication, but I don't have a Blackberry or an iPhone. I use an outdated cell phone, but I'm fine with it.
Juvenal, The Satyrs Of Decimus Junius Juvenalis And Of Aulus Persius Flaccus|Besides what endless brawls by wives are bred,The curtain lecture makes a mournful bed.
Alan Moore|I was a very self-righteous 15-25 year old. Anyway, I wake up every morning and thank God I'm not a kid anymore.
Frank E. Peretti, The Oath|Barefoot, exhausted and bloody, Harris Borden turned and left the underground prison that had been his home for the past twelve years and walked out into the Nevada desert.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Disparate from animals, human beings are constantly interpreting who we are. The mental rhythm of the human mind is a stream of thought that is constantly in motion. The development of conscious awareness is a lifetime process of interpreting the external world by employing the tools of observation, memory, and imagination; supplemented by rational thoughts, meditative reflections, intuition, and freelance conjure. Every day we can consciously work to alter our being or remain mentally stagnant.
Tony Robbins|If we have to use force, it is because we are America. We are the indispensable nation. We stand tall. We see further into the future.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|She spent a great deal of time staring into space, oppressed by the sense that she was waiting. But waiting for what? She did not know. Surely someone would call, someone must be needing her. Yet each day proceeded like the one before. Nothing intense, nothing desperate, ever happened. Time did not move. The home, the city, the nation, and life itself were eternal; still she had a foreboding that one day, without warning and without pity, all the dear, important things would be destroyed.
Kristin Hannah, The Nightingale|She had tried to be loved by him; more important, she had tried to keep loving him, but in the end, one was impossible as the other.
Nicola Yoon|The clock chimed five. It sounded almost celebratory as they stood there, hands clasped between them like the meeting of continents. Colton’s mouth was soft and warm, sunlight on silk. Danny was swallowing light. It dived down inside of him until he imagined it bursting out of every pore.
Michele Jennae, CHARGE! The Patchwork Rhino|If we don’t communicate, we certainly can’t get much done and if we don’t communicate authentically, what we get done is less effective.
John Flanagan|Minho snickered and leaned back in his chair. “Man, you are one butt-load of sunshine, let me tell you.
Rick Riordan, The Sea of Monsters|Bianca, camp is cool! It's got a pegasus stable and a sword-fighting arena and… I mean, what do you get by joining the Hunters?"To begin with," Zoe said, "immortality."I stared at her, then at Artemis. "She's kidding, right?"Zoe rarely kids about anything," Artemis said. "My Hunters follow me on my adventures. They are my maidservants, my companions, my sisters-in-arms. Once they swear loyalty to me, they are indeed immortal… unless they fall in battle, which is unlikely. Or break their oath."What oath?" I said.To foreswear romantic love forever," Artemis said. To never grow up, never get married. To be a maiden eternally."Like you?"The goddess nodded.I tried to imagine what she was saying. Being immortal. Hanging out with only middle-school girls forever. I couldn't get my mind around it.
Eugene Taylor, Shadow Culture: Psychology and Spirituality in America|Where are we as a modern civilization if our educational institutions conspire to train only a fraction of our capacities? and if this is all they can really do, then why not acknowledge that fact openly and give legitimacy to the other alternative forms of education that do cultivate those neglected dimensions of personality, instead of pretending that anything lying outside the standards set by the Wester analytic tradition is either inferior, anti-intellectual, or diabolic? (p. 293-294)
Isaac Asimov, Second Foundation|In all the known history of Mankind, advances have been made primarily in physical technology; in the capacity of handling the inanimate world about Man. Control of self and society has been left to to chance or to the vague gropings of intuitive ethical systems based on inspiration and emotion. As a result no culture of greater stability than about fifty-five percent has ever existed, and these only as the result of great human misery.
Kate Forsyth BITTER GREENS|All the queens of my acquaintance have children, some three, some seven, and some as many as twelve; and my queen has not one. I feel ill-used." So he made up his mind to be cross with his wife about it. But she bore it all like a good patient queen as she was.
Carl Friedrich Bahrdt, The Edict of Religion, a Comedy, and the Story and Diary of My Imprisonment|...though the Elders are connected to the Great Spirit, they are still only elves.
Scott Hahn|We are created for the sake of love. When we experience love in family life, it is heavenly, but it is still only an image of the greater glory we hope to behold in heaven.
John F. MacArthur Jr., Alone With God|No spiritual exercise is such a blending of complexity and simplicity. It is the simplest form of speech that infant lips can try, yet the sublimest strains that reach the Majesty on high. It is as appropriate to the aged philosopher as to the little child. It is the ejaculation of a moment and the attitude of a lifetime. It is the expression of the rest of faith and of the fight of faith. It is an agony and an ecstasy. It is submissive and yet importunate. In the one moment it lays hold of God and binds the devil. It can be focused on a single objective and it can roam the world. It can be abject confession and rapt adoration.
Stan Getz|The best scientists and explorers have the attributes of kids! They ask question and have a sense of wonder. They have curiosity. 'Who, what, where, why, when, and how!' They never stop asking questions, and I never stop asking questions, just like a five year old.
Lal Bahadur Shastri|As I came to power peacefully, so shall I keep it.
Emily Sarduy|Each Inspirational Messenger who was and has been acknowledged in the history books was done so because of the way they chose to live. Their life had a core message that was central to their years, whether they exemplified and expressed whenever they took a step in the world.
Diane Setterfield|Though my appetite for food grew frail, my hunger for books was constant.
Dan Quayle|You are a child of the sun, you come from the sun, and that is something true with the Earth also... your relationship with the Earth is so deep, and the Earth is in you and this is something not very difficult, much less difficult then philosophy.
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross|The most important part of the process of mourning is regularly reciting kaddish in a synagogue. Kaddish is a doxology, which Jewish tradition has mandated children to recite daily in a synagogue during the year of mourning for a deceased parent and then on the anniversary of his or her death thereafter.
Kirstie Alley|It's funny. No matter how hard you try, you can't close your heart forever. And the minute you open it up, you never know what's going to come in. But when it does, you just have to go for it! Because if you don't, there's not point in being here.
Holly Black|I laughed uneasily. “Jeez, you guys make it sound like I was on the brink of death or something. I just fainted.” (Sabina)
David Sedaris, Me Talk Pretty One Day|Stupid arbitrary shit means it will take a movie star to die and a hemophiliac teenager to die before ordinary people start to mobilize, start to feel that the disease needs to be stopped. Tens of thousands of people will die before drugs are made and drugs are approved. What a horrible feeling that is, to know that if the disease had primarily affected PTA presidents, or priests, or white teenage girls, the epidemic would have been ended years earlier, and tens of thousands, if not hundreds of thousands, of lives would have been saved
Mary Oliver, Evidence: Poems|God is a strange and mysterious master, and I no doubt am a strange and mysterious servant, but from this day forward I am His. I am forever changed, by my own choice, and I wonder if He is too.
Donna Cummins, Rain of Terror|He laughed, the sound so sweet to her ears because he rarely seemed to do it. "I think it's time I got you fed." He reached a hand down, palmed her ass before squeezing possessively. "Then I plan to eat you. Slowly.
Shannon A. Thompson, Minutes Before Sunset|Identity was everything, but it seemed I never had one. (Jessica)
F. Sionil José, In Search of the Word: Selected Essays|We write from life and call it literature, and literature lives because we are in it.
Tony Attwood|If parents had children who were good sleepers, they assumed this was due to their good parenting, not good luck. They followed the rules, and the rules had been proven to work. Celeste must therefore not be following the rules. And you could never prove it to them! They would die smug in their beds.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|He'd grown eager to hand off his things, as if the weight of his possessions kept him tethered to this earth, and by giving them away, he could snip those strings.
Aslaug Magnusdottir|I was eager to see what Swedish design had to offer and get a sense of its fashion culture, and Altewai Saome was the perfect introduction.
Denis John George, The '3-3-3' Enigma: An Invitation To Consciously Create Your Reality|Immature people want quick fixes; they are the all or nothing thinkers. Evolving adults know that lasting change means being committed to the small daily steps over the long-term, deliberate journey.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Essays|When we are young, we spend much time and pains in filling our note-books with all definitions of Religion, Love, Poetry, Politics, Art, in the hope that, in the course of a few years, we shall have condensed into our encyclopaedia the net value of all the theories at which the world has yet arrived. But year after year our tables get no completeness, and at last we discover that our curve is a parabola, whose arcs will never meet.
Haruki Murakami|I want to remember warming your two a.m. bottle, clipping your locks, watching you be baptized, bathing you in the big porcelain sink… how I often laid you against my chest and felt the cradlesong of your tiny breaths as you fell asleep . . .
R.A. Salvatore, Passage to Dawn|All my life, I have been searching for a home," the drow said quietly. "All my life, I have been wanting more than that which was offered to me, more than Menzoberranzan, more than friends who stood beside me out of personal gain. I always thought home would be a place, and indeed it is, but not in any physical sense. It is a place in here," Drizzt said, putting a hand to his heart and turning back to look upon his companions. "It is a feeling given by true friends.I know this now, and know that I am home.""But ye're off to Carradoon," Cattie-brie said softly."And so're we!" Bruenor bellowed.Drizzt smiled at them, laughed aloud. "If circumstances will not allow me to remain at home," the ranger said firmly, "then I will simply take my home with me!
Abhijit Naskar, Principia Humanitas|One good, compassionate and caring Self is a thousand times greater than all the fanciful, imaginary supernatural entities in the world.
John Piper, The Passion of Jesus Christ|We are not as Christ-centered and cross-cherishing as we should be, because we do not ponder the truth that everything good, and everything bad that God turns for the good, was purchased by the sufferings of Christ.
Steven Wolff|No matter what... don't give up. Don't stop believing in yourself and in what you can do, because you are strong and you are capable. Prove them wrong! Don't let them win! Remember when you are at your lowest low - there's only one way to go now... and that is UP!
Manoj Arora, Dream On|Don't try to preserve your energy. Rather, think of a worthwhile purpose in life and burn yourself up.... for that's what is satisfying and fulfilling.
Eudora Welty, On Writing|We do need to bring to our writing, over and over again, all the abundance we possess. To be able, to be ready, to enter into the minds and hearts of our own people, all of them, to comprehend them (us) and then to make characters and plots in stories that in honesty and with honesty reveal them (ourselves) to us, in whatever situation we live through in our own times: this is the continuing job, and it's no harder now than it ever was, I suppose. Every writer, like everybody else, thinks he's living through the crisis of the ages. To write honestly and with all our powers is the least we can do, and the most
Octavia E. Butler|One of my favorite writers is Chekhov. I love his attitude toward the world. Just accept things for what they are. Don't judge. Be moral as you tell your story, but have no moral at the end. Just look at it.
Debasish Mridha|Your path should be lighted with love and trust, your purpose should be clear, and your goal should be the light post.
Henri-Frédéric Amiel|Because everyone is guilty for everyone else. For all the 'wee ones,' because there are little children and big children. All people are 'wee ones.' And I'll go for all of them, because there must be someone who will go for all of them.
Roman Payne|When I met a truly beautiful girl, I would tell her that if she spent the night with me, I would write a novel or a story about her. This usually worked; and if her name was to be in the title of the story, it almost always worked. Then, later, when we'd passed a night of delicious love-making together, after she’d gone and I’d felt that feeling of happiness mixed with sorrow, I sometimes would write a book or story about her. Sometimes her character, her way about herself, her love-making, it sometimes marked me so heavily that I couldn't go on in life and be happy unless I wrote a book or a story about that woman, the happy and sad memory of that woman. That was the only way to keep her, and to say goodbye to her without her ever leaving.
Gil Asakawa, Being Japanese American: A JA Sourcebook for Nikkei, Hapa . . . and Their Friends|There is another system, more beaded than weather or murder, that is moving up into the province. As Les leaves the chair to investigate his son’s crying a thousand zombies form an alliterative fog around Lake Scugog and beyond, mouthing the words Helen, hello, help. This fog predominates the region; however, other systems compete, bursting and winding with vowels braiding into dipthongs so long that they dissipate across a thousand panting lips. In the suburbs of Barrie, for instance, an alliteration that began with the wail of a cat in heat picked up the consonant “Guh” from a fisherman caught in surprise on Lake Simcoe. The echoing coves of the lake added a sort of meter, and by the time these sounds arrived in Gravenhurst, the people there were certain that a musical was blaring from speakers in the woods. All across the province, zombies, like extras in a crowd scene, imitate a thousand conversations. They open and close their mouths on things and sound is a heavy carpet of mumbling, a pre-production monstrosity. In minutes the Pontypool fog will march on the town of Sunderland and over the barriers south of Lindsay.
Criss Jami|...And maybe one day you will wake up as an infant in a completely different universe, and your entire life thus far was just one big dream.
Nikki Gemmell, The Bride Stripped Bare|An emptiness rules at its core, a rottenness, a silence when one of you retires to bed without saying good night, when you eat together without conversation, when the phone's passed wordlessly to the other. An emptiness when every night you lie in the double bed, restlessly awake, astounded at how closely hate can nudge against love, can wind around it sinuously like a cat. An emptiness when you realize that the loneliest you've ever been is within a marriage, as a wife.
m.k dindoyal|When we sacrifice our own well-being in the hopes that our sacrifice will help someone else, we just get two people who are living sub-optimal lives. Here's the truth: Getting sick does not help those who are suffering of illness. Being sad does nothing to pull someone out of their own depression. And being hungry doesn't feed the starving. The universe simply doesn't work that way.
Donna Labermeier|If expecting something in return is your reason for giving, you are really not giving- you're swapping. If you receive something in return for your gift, what you receive is a bonus - not a repayment of a debt.
Simone de Beauvoir, Memoirs of a Dutiful Daughter|Nell looks at the label and comes to."Oh, I'd never wear it. I like to buy things on a cost-per-wear basis. This dress would probably work out at like...thirty pounds a wear. No. I couldn't.""You don't ever do something just because it makes you feel good?" The assistant shrugs. "Mademoiselle, you need to spend more time in Paris.
Simone de Beauvoir, The Second Sex|[Woman] is simply what man decrees; thus she is called "the sex," by which is meant that she appears essentially to the male as a sexual being. For him she is sex -- absolute sex, no less. She is defined and differentiated with reference to man and not he with reference to her; she is incidental, the inessential as opposed to the essential. He is the Subject, he is the Absolute -- she is the Other.
Kim Thúy, Ru|I identify myself in language, but only by losing myself in it like an object. What is realised in my history is not the past definite of what was, since it is no more, or even the present perfect of what has been in what I am, but the future anterior of what I shall have been for what I am in the process of becoming.
René Sterne|True politics cannot take a single step without first paying homage to morals, and while politics itself is a difficult art, its combination with morals is no art at all; for morals cuts the Gordian knot which politics cannot solve as soon as the two are in conflict.
Bodhisattva Tokmay Sangpo|If the Internal enemy of hatred is not tamed, when one tries to tame external enemies, they increase. Therefore, it is a practice of the wise to tame themselves by means of the forces of love and compassion.
Hideki Tojo|Success can make you go one of two ways. It can make you a prima donna - or it can smooth the edges, take away the insecurities, let the nice things come out.
Ludwig von Mises, Economic Freedom and Interventionism|In the market economy the consumers are supreme. Consumers determine, by theirbuying or abstention from buying, what should be produced, by whom and how, ofwhat quality and in what quantity. The entrepreneurs, capitalists, and landowners whofail to satisfy in the best possible and cheapest way the most urgent of the not yetsatisfied wishes of the consumers are forced to go out of business and forfeit theirpreferred position. In business offices and in laboratories the keenest minds are busyfructifying the most complex achievements of scientific research for the production ofever better implements and gadgets for people who have no inkling of the scientifictheories that make the fabrication of such things possible. The bigger an enterprise is,the more it is forced to adjust its production activities to the changing whims andfancies of the masses, its masters. The fundamental principle of capitalism is massproduction to supply the masses. It is the patronage of the masses that makesenterprises grow into bigness. The common man is supreme in the market economy.He is the customer “who is always right.
Khadija Rupa|So every time I lose one of my shoes and my brother looks at me angrily thinking I’m trying to catch a prince with a lost shoe, or mistakenly cuts myself and the whole world around me thinks I’m trying to attract a vampire, I just laugh sounding like a complete stranger to them. And to everyone like them. I know I don’t need to be a Cinderella. Or an Isabella. I already own things, all things, every single thing, which I love and proudly dream to own. They're just not here…not in this world. And that definitely doesn’t mean, I lost them.
Robin Sloan, Mr. Penumbra's 24-Hour Bookstore|Walking the stacks in a library, dragging your fingers across the spines -- it's hard not to feel the presence of sleeping spirits.
Hilaire Belloc|For no one, in our long decline,So dusty, spiteful and divided,Had quite such pleasant friends as mine,Or loved them half as much as I did.
Arthur C. Clarke|If Jack had followed him instead of trying to reclaim his car, he would undoubtedly have voiced his disappointment that they were not yet shooting laser cannons. Frankly, Richard thought dodging the police’s bullets would be problematic enough.
C.S. Lewis|Humanity does not pass through phases as a train passes through stations: being alive, it has the privilege of always moving yet never leaving anything behind. Whatever we have been, in some sort we are still.
Loren Weisman|But the answer isn't just to intimidate people into consuming more 'serious' news; it is to push so-called serious outlets into learning to present important information in ways that can properly engage audiences. It is too easy to claim that serious things must be, and can almost afford to be, a bit boring. The challenge is to transcend the current dichotomy between those outlets that offer thoughtful but impotent instruction on the one hand and those that provide sensationalism stripped of responsibility on the other.
Elizabeth Wurtzel, Prozac Nation|And she keeps saying, how can you do this to me? And i want to scream, what do you mean, how can I do this to you? Aren't we confusing our pronouns here? The question, really, is How could I do this to myself?
Brian Francis Slattery, Liberation: Being the Adventures of the Slick Six After the Collapse of the United States of America|He tans into burning while the opening fanfare to "Peaches en Regalia" flows over him, the bugle call for a hippie army that marched at the peak of the American parabola, that moment when physics held its breath to allow levitation, a small reward before the descent. The hippies knew it then, Maggot Boy Johnson thinks; they couldn't build it into words but they could feel it; a floating in the stomach as history shifted direction. They stopped, hey, what's that sound, and knew that the spiny skyscrapers reflected in the river, the chasms of concrete, the wide streets and sidewalks, the power lines cutting into the hills and mountains above missile silos, the highways drawing lines across the blank plains under enormous skies, the pupil of God's eye, would be the ruins that their grandchildren wandered among, the reminders that once there was always water in the faucet, there was electricity all the time, and America was prying off the shackles of its past. The vision opened up to them and winked out again, and those it blinded staggered through their lives unable to see anything else, while the rest of them wondered if they had only dreamed it.
William Barrett, Irrational Man: A Study in Existential Philosophy|One could even argue that we have a duty to create and pass on stories about choice because once a person knows such stories, they can’t be taken away from him. He may lose his possessions, his home, his loved ones, but if he holds on to a story about choice, he retains the ability to practice choice.
Jack Campbell, Courageous|Seek not that your sons and your daughters should not see visions, should not dream dreams; seek that they should see true visions, that they should dream noble dreams. Such out-going of the imagination is one with aspiration, and will do more to elevate above what is low and vile than all possible inculcations of morality.
Rachel Nicole Wagner, Yesterday's Coffee|Whenever I find myself growing grim about the mouth; whenever it is a damp, drizzly November in my soul; whenever i find myself involuntarily pausing before coffin warehouses, and bringing up the rear of every funeral I meet... I quietly take to the ship. There is nothing surprising in this. If they but knew it, almost all men in their degree, some time or other, cherish very nearly the same feelings towards the ocean with me.
C. JoyBell C.|Don’t be adamant; don’t make up your mind about all the things that don’t even have anything at all to do with you. Don’t be too quick to define right and wrong. Life has a way of putting the adamant person into the very situations they’ve made up their minds about, in order to change those very decisions. So, unless you want the things that you judge in others to happen to you, you’d better live and let live.
Hillary Clinton|What I'm asking for is hard. It's easier to be cynical; to accept that change isn't possible, and politics is hopeless, and to believe that our voices and actions don't matter. But if we give up now, then we forsake a better future.
Magneto|If you're using half your concentration to look normal, then you're only half paying attention to whatever else you're doing.
Felicia Day, You're Never Weird on the Internet|I don't give a fuck, God sent me to piss the world off.
Bruce-Novoa, Only the Good Times|For him I was like the land, something to care for...well, he loved to make things grow. But he resembled the land more than me. He needed constant cultivation, or the fruit turned wild.
William Samuel Johnson|Man is not a machine that can be remodelled for quite other purposes as occasion demands, in the hope that it will go on functioning as regularly as before but in a quite different way. He carries his whole history with him; in his very structure is written the history of mankind.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If your heart is pure, you block any harm.
Max Brooks, The Zombie Survival Guide: Complete Protection from the Living Dead|It might have been my human side clamoring for blood, or my alien side looking for a chance to exercise strategic dominance over a lesser life form. Either way, I was going to win.
Torquato Tasso|We can bring positive energy into our daily lives by smiling more, talking to strangers in line, replacing handshakes with hugs, and calling our friends just to tell them we love them.
John Keats, The Complete Poems|O that our dreamings all, of sleep or wake, Would all their colours from the sunset take.
A.E. Via|That’s cool, Leo.” Johnson was damn near standing on top of him as he spoke, but he’d be damned if he was going to back up.“So just talking would be nice…would you like to come over to my place tonight for a glass of wine?”“Not even if Jesus was pouring it,” Day responded quickly. He heard God let out a loud laugh and it made him turn up the corner of his mouth at the sound of it. God rarely laughed—hell the man rarely smiled—but somehow, Day could make him do both.
Mimi Novic, The Silence Between the Sighs|Happiness cannot be owned.It is in living in the spiritual experience of living every breath, that lets us taste a moment of it.
J.S. Watts, Years Ago You Coloured Me|the flicker of a memoryis all we can cling tofor our cherished ghostsFrom "Cat Paws on a Windscreen
Charles Bukowski|I'm thankful because I'm still alive. I'm thankful because I lived the mantra, Only The Strong Survive. I'm thankful because I have Chris Ann. And that has made all the difference. And it always will.It always gets better. I told you so...
Josie Loren|Writing in a journal reminds you of your goals and of your learning in life. It offers a place where you can hold a deliberate, thoughtful conversation with yourself.
Faith Baldwin, Many Windows, Seasons of the Heart|I have learned over a period of time to be almost unconsciously grateful--as a child is--for a sunny day, blue water, flowers in a vase, a tree turning red. I have learned to be glad at dawn and when the sky is dark. Only children and a few spiritually evolved people are born to feel gratitude as naturally as they breathe, without even thinking. Most of us come to it step by painful step, to discover that gratitude is a form of acceptance.
Tullian Tchividjian|By looking at the Bible as if it were fundamentally about us, we totally miss the Point–like the two on the road to Emmaus. As Luke 24 shows, it's possible to read the Bible, study the Bible, and memorize large portions of the Bible, while missing the whole point of the Bible. It's entirely possible, in other words, to read the stories and miss the Story.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Recently I am so much in to numbers, equations & scientific facts! I learned how to link logic to reason, and to be honest sometimes I couldn't, simply because logic is not stander defined, it defers from one to another (it is the science of reasoning), that made me think deeply about life, what is the real reason behind all the unbelievable stories in my life, how can I discover the logic behind what is happening behind the scene! Then it hit me, I discovered that everything is supernaturally working in harmony to serve me at the end, no matter how hard it felt ! I was granted hope in different ways, only in the mysterious equations of love that any logic or reasons can be found, Because of the only logic I found I am able to be alive now! Amazing how God love us, yet we are so blind to see it, because we accept blessings as a given right!
Padma Lakshmi, Love, Loss, and What We Ate: A Memoir|Divorce is a process, not an event. It takes months to unfold, a barrage of emotional ups and downs as denial is replaced by grief, grief by anger, and anger gradually eases into acceptance.
Del Close|A year or so ago I went through all the people in my life and asked myself: does this person inspire me, genuinely love me and support me unconditionally? I wanted nothing but positive influences in my life.
Max Barry, Lexicon|People resist a census, but give them a profile page and they'll spend all day telling you who they are.
W. Bruce Cameron|I think one of the things that people tend to forget is that poets do write out of life. It isn't some set piece that then gets put up on the shelf, but that the impetus, the real instigation for poetry is everything that's happening around us.
Robert Reich|I think it is important to ask ourselves as citizens, not as Democrats attacking the administration, but as citizens, whether a world power can really provide global leadership on the basis of fear and anxiety?
June Casagrande, Grammar Snobs Are Great Big Meanies: A Guide to Language for Fun and Spite|As you can see, the hyphen is a nasty, tricky, evil little mark that gets its kicks igniting arguments in newsrooms and trying to make everyone in the English-speaking world look like an idiot - it's the Bill Maher of punctuation.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Great journey, great joy.
Thomm Quackenbush, Pagan Standard Times: Essays on the Craft|Water generates electricity and hence if we waste water, we will be in the dark world.
Walter Isaacson, American Sketches: Great Leaders, Creative Thinkers, and Heroes of a Hurricane|Think about it! God is all-knowing but you're not His only child. You're not His end all and be all. Ezra, you're good, but you ain't all that, sweetie.
Domonique Bertolucci|Remember, however bad thingsmight be right now, this momentwill pass and your life will continueto be a good one.
Leah Braemel, Slow Ride Home|Day after day, week after week; writing great fiction takes time, emotion, skill and effort.
Ingrid Newkirk|The only kind of seafood I trust is the fish stick, a totally featureless fish that doesn't have eyeballs or fins.
C.S. Lewis, A Grief Observed|We were promised sufferings. They were part of the program. We were even told, 'Blessed are they that mourn,' and I accept it. I've got nothing that I hadn't bargained for. Of course it is different when the thing happens to oneself, not to others, and in reality, not imagination.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|For aspirants upon the spiritual path, each manifestation provides clues as to what needs to be released or cleared in order to continue to ascend.
Jeff Foxworthy|My philosophy has always been, 'do what you love and the money will follow.'
Karla Perry, Back to the Future: Rebuilding America's Stability|I have my gun and my bible under my pillow, having to fight physically and spiritually is a foregone conclusion, I will kill whoever comes to kill me, no mercy.
Sweety Shinde, Arjun: Without a Doubt|Ask yourself if I'm capable of contradictions, Draupadi.Some missions succeed only by their spectacular failure. - Krishn
Voltaire, Candide|Remember, you see in any situation what you expect to see.
Denise Levertov|I’ve seen daggers pierce the chest,Children dying in the road,Crawling things hooked and baited,Rapists bound and then castrated,Villains singed in public square.Yet none these sights did make me cringeLike when my Love cut all her hair.
Blaise Cendrars, Moravagine|For action, whatever its immediate purpose, also implies relief at doing something, anything, and the joy of exertion. This is the optimism that is inherent in, and proper and indispensable to action, for without it nothing would ever be undertaken. It in no way suppresses the critical sense or clouds the judgment. On the contrary this optimism sharpens the wits, it creates a certain perspective and, at the last moment, lets in a ray of perpendicular light which illuminates all one's previous calculations, cuts and shuffles them and deals you the card of success, the winning number.
George Eliot, Felix Holt: The Radical|There is much pain that is quite noiseless; and vibrations that make human agonies are often a mere whisper in the roar of hurrying existence. There are glances of hatred that stab and raise no cry of murder; robberies that leave man or woman forever beggared of peace and joy, yet kept secret by the sufferer—committed to no sound except that of low moans in the night, seen in no writing except that made on the face by the slow months of suppressed anguish and early morning tears. Many an inherited sorrow that has marred a life has been breathed into no human ear.
David Lagercrantz, Fall of Man in Wilmslow|Me, I trust people who show you what freaks they are. It's the ones who blend in that ya gotta watch out for.
C. JoyBell C.|There are two things that may happen to a person: the first is that you become so soft that no one and nothing can break you, and the second is that you become so hard that nothing and no one can break you. Either way you go, the path will be very painful. But herein is the great sadness of it all: that anyone must try to become something that cannot be broken (whether the soft or the hard). Why must we be born into a world where we must spend our lives struggling to become unbreakable?
Jorge Luis Borges, Discusión|Knowing your limits, and that there is a limit to getting what you want, comes from a sense of self-respect instilled in you from an early age. It takes guts to stand up in the face of what you really want, but you have to know in your heart that if you make the wrong choice you won't be able to live with yourself for the rest of your life. There is only one person who matters at that point and that's YOU. If you give in to such pressures, you strip away your self-respect, your personal ethics and your standards - the very things that create the fiber that will hold you together for the rest of your life.
Trish Kaye Lleone, Finding Anna: A Memoir: The True Story of Child Sexual Abuse|She will always be etched in my being, like thread sewn through the fibers of my very soul.
Richard Wright, Bigger Thomas|I had written a book of short stories which was published under the title of "Uncle Tom's Children". When the review of that book began to appear, I realized that I had made an awful naive mistake. I found that I had written a book which even bankers' daughters could read and weep over and feel good about. I swore to myself that if I ever wrote another book, no one would weep over it; that it would be so hard and deep that they would have to face it without the consolation of tears.
Len Deighton|She was dry, dry inside like a ten-thousand-year-old tomb, with the last of her life barely dampening the dirt underneath.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|When bridges seem to give way, we fall into Christ's safe arms, true bridge, and not into hopelessness. It is safe to trust! We can be too weak to go on because His strength is made perfect in utter brokenness and nail-pierced hands help up. It is safe to trust! We can give thanks in everything because there's a good God leading, working all things into good. It is safe to trust! The million bridges behind us may seem flattened to the earthly eye, but all bridges ultimately hold, fastened by nails. It is safe to trust.
Philip Schultz, Failure|When I was last in Paris I was dirt poor, hiding from the Vietnam War. One night, in an old church, I considered taking my life. I didn't know how to be so young and not belong anywhere, stuck among so many perplexing melodies.
Joyce Meyer, Wake Up to the Word: 365 Devotions to Inspire You Each Day|As I look back, in many instances, I simply followed the natural course of things. And great things happened, mostly. But over time I realized they weren't necessarily great things for me. They were maybe someone else's great things, and I was both taking up the space that was meant for them and not standing in my own space, like wearing someone else's shoes, leaving them barefoot.
Justin Bieber|After all is said that can be said upon the liquor traffic, its influence is degrading upon the individual, the family, politics and business, and upon everything that you touch in this old world.
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, Essence of Reality: A Clear Awareness of How Life Works|If you find that you “disagree” with something I’ve written, then you missed the point!!
Patricia Cornwell, Body of Evidence|I don’t know why you’re enjoying this so much.”“Because I am a connoisseur of fine irony. ’Tis a bit like fine wine, but has a better bite.
George A. Sheehan|Dr. King's leadership reaffirmed the promise of our democracy: that everyday people, working together, have the power to change our government and our institutions for the better.
Howard Schultz, Pour Your Heart Into It: How Starbucks Built a Company One Cup at a Time|Liberalism is the ideology of Western suicide. When once this initial and final sentence is understood, everything about liberalism - the beliefs, emotions and values associated with it, the nature of its enchantment, its practical record, its future - falls into place.
Gail Porter|I am responsible. Although I may not be able to prevent the worst from happening, I am responsible for my attitude toward the inevitable misfortunes that darken life.
Rachel Vincent, Alpha|When I was a child, all problems had ended with a single word from my father. A smile from him was sunshine, his scowl a bolt of thunder. He was smart, and generous, and honorable without fail. He could exile a trespasser, check my math homework, and fix the leaky bathroom sink, all before dinner. For the longest time, I thought he was invincible. Above the petty problems that plagued normal people.And now he was gone.
Steve Martin, Born Standing Up: A Comic's Life|Teachers knew every one of the students, their secrets, their grades, their home situations. And all the students knew the teachers. It was like teachers were people who finally were the most popular at school.
Mensah Oteh|Appreciation generates energy, like thankfulness creates increase.
Kathy Baldock, Walking the Bridgeless Canyon: Repairing the Breach Between the Church and the LGBT Community|The Church says that the Earth is flat, but I know that it is round. For I have seen the shadow of the earth on the moon and I have more faith in the Shadow than in the Church.
Bryan Larrick|You don't turn a river by abruptly trying to get it to change direction. You don't have that much power. No matter how strong you are. The river will just overwhelm you and obstinately carry on pretty much as before. You can't make it change direction overnight. No one can. On the contrary, you have to start by flowing with it
Válgame, Zori 2ª Parte|For you, a comet, under a blue sky, leaves trail of color,For you, a star, dreams of being able to kiss you, dream to hear your voiceFor you, full moon, keep vigil for you, my girl, keep vigil for you, my love.
Charlotte Stein, Power Play|Adam has the most engaging smile and I realize, this is a private smile reserved just for me . . . like he’s waited his whole life for just one smile.
Christopher Boucher|So go ahead. Do it—open the book. See? You see me, right? And I see you. See? I am reading your face, your eyes, your lips. I know the sufferdust on your brow. I can see you reading and I can tell, too, when you are here, when you’re absent, what you’ve read and how it affects you. There is no more hiding. I see your chords—your fractures, your cold gifts, where and when you’ve hurt people and why. It’s all right there—your stories are written right there on your face!
Dora Okeyo, Fire|I think you should ignore Sara Teasdale (she’s a bit of a moper, to be honest.). 	Take Christina Rossetti’s advice and be fire.
William Law|If I were dying, my last words would be: Have faith and pursue the unknown end.
George Bernard Shaw, Pygmalion|Life is Most Important in Life is The Most important Truth in Life. Any word, thought, or action that disagrees must be a lie.
Israelmore Ayivor|Good bye" is a good gift when you wave it at me because I refuse to follow a bad advice you gave. Wave it at me and I will show you the door.
Julian Assange|Perhaps I seek certain utopian things, space for human honour and respect, landscapes not yet offended, planets that do not exist yet, dreamed landscapes.
Douglas Coupland|The astounding variety of foods on offer in the modern supermarket obscures the fact that the actual number of species in the modern diet is shrinking. For reasons of economics, the food industry prefers to tease its myriad processed offerings from a tiny group of plant species, corn and soybeans chief among them.
Curtis Tyrone Jones|We have tried to run from our love, but our souls crave this magic.
Kevin Costner|When I make a film I'm away from home for two to three months. So I want my kids to look at my films one day and say, I love his movies, I love his choices-because he loved them.
Rachitha Cabral|You create your future in the Present, use your Now well, for a better Tomorrow!
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you on the wrong path, change and travel on right direction.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|People always start with vigor, deep aspirations and inspirations, but things that happen as we journey and our reactions towards such things, fantasies and realities, determine the real robustness of our staying power and what distinctive thing we are able to do in reality with our vigor, aspirations and inspirations in the end!
RVM|Today’s happiness depends on yesterday’s choice, just as today’s choice will determine tomorrow’s happiness.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|Anxiety and depression, and the physical symptoms they cause, are merely distractions and smokescreens to “protect” you from dangers, which are usually, imaginary.
Mary Oliver, Swan: Poems and Prose Poems|In your handsThe dog, the donkey, surely they know	They are alive.Who would argue otherwise?But now, after years of consideration,	I am getting beyond that.What about the sunflowers? What about	The tulips, and the pines?Listen, all you have to do is start and	There’ll be no stopping.What about mountains? What about water	Slipping over rocks?And speaking of stones, what about	The little ones you can Hold in your hands, their heartbeats	So secret, so hidden it may take yearsBefore, finally, you hear them?
Stephen Richards|Thrill me, chill me I went in search of money and success, all I got was a bellyful of excess! Now that I've realigned myself I’m on my tip-toes because life is sweet! I'm overwhelmed with gratitude for all the blessings that are manifesting in my life … neat!
Walter Isaacson, Steve Jobs|Trying hard and working hard is its own reward. It feeds the soul. It affirms your will and your power. And it radiates from you, lighting the way for all those who see you.
Jerry Goldsmith|There is no music that can't be used politically, but the motives behind the creation of that music can be non-political.
Kevin Hooyman|Be sure not to turn your life into a series of tasks which must always be performed... I know it can seem appealing to live in a state accomplishing things, always succeeding, always getting things done. But consider this. A whole life lost. A sacrifice to your fragile sense of order.
William Golding, Lord of the Flies|I think women are foolish to pretend they are equal to men, they are far superior and always have been.
M.F. Moonzajer, A moment with God ; Poetry|You’re too important to just … die.” He shakes his head. He won’t even look at me—his eyes keep shifting across myface, to the wall behind me or the ceiling above me, to everything but me. I am too stunned to be angry.“I’m not important. Everyone will do just fine without me,” I say.“Who cares about everyone? What about me?
Melissa Etheridge|I've seen so many people - loved ones and colleagues - who jump from one diet to the next, one exercise regimen to the next . I was trying to figure out what were some of the basic things that each of us can build into a lifestyle for good, instead of bouncing from one thing to the next.
Virginia Woolf, The Waves|Waves of hands, hesitations at street corners, someone dropping a cigarette into the gutter-all are stories. But which is the true story? That I do not know. Hence I keep my phrases hung like clothes in a cupboard, waiting for some one to wear them. Thus waiting, thus speculating, making this note and then an· other I do not cling to life. I shall be brushed like a bee from a sunflower. My philosophy, always accumulating, welling up moment by moment, runs like quicksilver a dozen ways at once.
Evy Michaels|The need has to be defined by an Individual. If the basic need of quenching thirst can be met by a glass of water, everything beyond that is indulgence. Ego makes organizations sell products and services that deviate from servicing the needs to making higher profits. The further away you get from fulfilling a need and into making people believe that they need to buy a certain product or services as a necessity, the more tension builds into the system.
Madeleine L'Engle, Love Letters|Pray all you like, ask anything you want, but don’t forget that he never promised he’d say yes. He never guaranteed us anything. Not anything at all. Except one thing. Just one thing . . . . That he cares . . . That is all. Nothing else.
John Wooden|If you want to be more productive, then start at the start: get there on time. Whether it is a meeting, a flight, an appointment or a date, it's important to ensure you are there when you say you will be there. This may feel like an old-fashioned tip to give, but it has served me well for five decades in business.
Dixie Waters|Love is about dreams, don't go to sleep expecting them, make them a reality.
Godfrey Winn|There is only one difference between a long life and a good dinner: that, in the dinner, the sweets come last.
Ernestine Rose|We must provide all kinds of freedom, personal and economic, to all Iraqis. I will fight for that.
Louis L'Amour, The Proving Trail|Now, tomorrow Miss Laurie McCrae and me, we have an appointment with a sky pilot who will make it proper for us to travel in double harness.
Albert Camus, Resistance, Rebellion and Death: Essays|To create today is to create dangerously. Any publication is an act, and that act exposes one to the passions of an age that forgives nothing.
Julie Kagawa, The Immortal Rules|You don't dwell on what you've lost, you just move on."-Allison
Louis E. Boone|You will be a failure, until you impress the subconscious with the conviction you are a success. This is done by making an affirmation which 'clicks.'
Elizabeth    Newton, Furry Friends|I don't know if you've ever been covered head to toe in prickle bush, but let me tell you, it's not a pleasant experience, as I'm sure you can imagine.
Bertrand Russell, The Basic Writings of Bertrand Russell: 1903-1959|A machine is more blameless, more sinless even than any animal. It has no intentions whatsoever but our own.
Gudjon Bergmann, The Meditating Psychiatrist Who Tried to Kill Himself|Your fundamental assumption is wrong. You think you are this vehicle. This naked ape. Homo sapiens. I tell you, you are no more human than a driver is the car he is driving. You would never go to a junkyard to look for the driver would you?
Hans Christian Andersen, The Snow Queen|Your Heart, Your Mind, Your Creator! Your Soul Will Follow.
Tucker Elliot, The Rainy Season|There are two things a combat deployment offers which all of us strongly desire. The first, being purpose. Every morning we woke up and knew why we were there. It is immediate and unavoidable. Although, it is extreme and unpleasant, there is a comfort in that purpose. The second, is simplicity. We have one goal. There are relatively simple rules on how to accomplish it, and we understand that just about everything will go wrong. Pretty simple.
Emil M. Cioran|I felt a pang -- a strange and inexplicable pang that I had never felt before. It was homesickness. Now, even more than I had earlier when I'd first glimpsed it, I longed to be transported into that quiet little landscape, to walk up the path, to take a key from my pocket and open the cottage door, to sit down by the fireplace, to wrap my arms around myself, and to stay there forever and ever.
Alahdal A. Hussein|Successfult people are two types; those who are meant to be, and those who try so hard and be. If you are not the first, be the second or try harder.
Hudson Taylor, A Retrospect|If your callswere measures of Time,a day would last a centuryand in between us would beAn Eternity.
Vicki Feaver|Sharing one umbrella,We have to hold each other,Round the waist to keep together,You ask me why I'm smiling-It's because I'm thinking,I want it to rain forever.
Urbain Le Verrier|When you lose reasoning you forget humanity,When you forget laughter you lose Divinity. Munindra Misra
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Princess|Lord, you're Irish," said Will. "Can you make things that don't have potatoes in them? We had an Irish cook once when I was a boy. Potato pie, potato custard, potatoes with potato sauce...
Duane G. Carey|When you have the chance to play a Champions League final, you have to win it.
Laura Kreitzer, Fallen Legion|If you decide to war with us, you will fail and suffer an eternity of misery,” he informed, his tone steady and cold. “Is that explicit enough?”“Oh, don’t be so dramatic,” I said cheerfully, getting in touch with my inner smartass.
Maya Angelou|I speak to the Black experience, but I am always talking about the human condition--about what we can endure, dream, fail at and survive.
Hans Zimmer|If somebody tells you a rule, break it. That's the only thing to move things forward.
Rachael Wade, Declaration|I hoped Tia was different. Easier to manage for people like me, who didn’t naturally jive with the little tykes. I’d only met her for a few seconds, so I had no idea what I was in for, here. All I knew was this wasn’t my element, and her father had just compared me to a pregnant woman.Wasn’t there something wrong with this picture?
Emma Raveling, Breaking Measures|The texture of her skin was phantom silk, not human., not blood-warm, but dizzyingly hot anyway.
Murad S. Shah|Challenges and Changes are part of Life, accept them and move on.
Christopher Henry Dawson, Understanding Europe|...the more widely we extend the range of education, the more necessary it is to provide some principle of cohesion to counterbalance the centrifugal tendencies of specialization and utilitarianism.
Maurice Sendak|Writing is my passion. Words are the way to know ecstasy. Without them life is barren. The poet insists, language is a body of suffering and when you take up language you take up the suffering too. All my life I have been suffering for words. Words have been the source of the pain and the way to heal. Struck as a child for talking, for speaking out of turn, for being out of my place. Struck as a grown woman for not knowing when to shut up, for not being willing to sacrifice words for desire. Struck by writing a book that disrupts. There are many ways to be hit. Pain is the price we pay to speak the truth.
varun bhat|The reasons you are kept in this body is because God want to kill your way of thinking . Before the transformation of your body your mind has to be transformed.That is why the bride is not conformed,she not taking an existing form,but she is transported to the form of her actual mind to the form of the mind of Christ. She will not be conformed to a system ,to this world but she will be transform to the renewal of the mind .
Virginia Woolf, Street Haunting|We are asking if thought can be aware of itself. That is rather a complex question, and requires very careful observation. Thought has created wars through nationalism, through sectarian religions. Thought has created all this; God has not created the hierarchy of the church--the pope, all the robes, all the rituals, the swinging of the incense, the candles. All that paraphernalia that goes on in a cathedral or in a church is put together by thought, copied, some of it, from the ancient Egyptians, from the ancient Hindus, and Hebrews. It is all thought. So "God" is created by thought.
Jim C. Hines, The Prosekiller Chronicles: Rise of the Spider Goddess -- An Annotated Novel|Sometimes ideas flow from my mind in a raging river of stringed sentences; I can scarcely scribble on the page fast enough to keep up with the mental current. Sometimes, however, beavers move in and dam the whole thing up.
Cecelia Ahern, The Time of My Life|You are not responsible for the murderous rampage of an alien psycho, okay?
Samuel Johnson|I begin my reign with profound emotion at the honour of accepting the Crown, aware of the responsibility it entails and with the greatest hope for the future of Spain.
Bette Davis|Our business in life is not to get ahead of others, but to get ahead of ourselves.
Osho, Bliss: Living beyond happiness and misery|THE CONSCIOUSNESS IS THE ATMAN, THE SOUL.The first meaning is: in this world, only consciousness is yours. The word atman means: that which is your own. Regardless of how much the rest may appear to you as your own, it is alien. All of that which you otherwise claim as yours – friends, loved ones, family, wealth, fame, high position, a great empire – it is all a deception. Because one day death will snatch it all away from you. So death is the criterion for determining who is your own and who is the stranger. That which death can separate you from, know that it didn’t belong to you, and that which it can’t, was indeed your own.
Gail Simmons|It's a good thing that beauty is only skin deep, or I'd be rotten to the core.
Sunday Adelaja|When the economy of a country is based fundamentally on the principles of truth and honesty, that nation experiences economic stability.
Erik Valeur, The Seventh Child|Like space, the soul is not an expression of eternal constancy but of constant change, and this motion has but one purpose: to continue forward, on the narrow ledge, in the absurd hope that you can escape the Darkness.
Elizabeth Thornton|Jamaica is more than just the 'brand' the world recognizes so well; it's a place of pride for the people who live here, its educational institutions, its sports achievements, its science and technology growth.
Max Brooks, World War Z: An Oral History of the Zombie War|As a general rule...people ask for advice only in order not to follow it; or if they do follow it, in order to have someone to blame for giving it.
Nayan Chanda, Brother Enemy: The War After The War|Either that information was not believed or inexplicably never passed on to the regional military command. When the attack finally came, Vienamese civilians were defenseless.
Ray Bradbury, The Illustrated Man|We get called dishonoring for pointing out the garbage in the church, yet nobody ever seems to think it's dishonoring that somebody put the garbage there in the first place.
Rita Golden Gelman, Tales of a Female Nomad: Living at Large in the World|But I'm not running away. I'm running toward... toward adventure, toward discovery, toward diversity. And while I was in Mexico I discovered something intruiging: Once I leave the U.S., I am not bound by the rules of my culture. And when I am a foreigner in another country, I am exempt from the local rules. This extraordinary situation means that there are no rules in my life. I am free to live by the standards and ideals and rules I create for myself.
Jessye Norman|I have two or three guys that I'm really close to. We have a great friendship, and I think that helps our songwriting relationship. It's hard to start... with new people and cover the ground that I've covered with those guys.
Pope Benedict XVI|When I got my first television set, I stopped caring so much about having close relationships.
Richelle E. Goodrich|All truth starts out as a wish; hence, reality is born from fairytale."from—"My Aquarius
Carlo M. Cipolla|Men are pigs, darling. I really have every sympathy for women that they actually have to choose one of these arrogant, stupid morons to settle down with and marry.
Duop Chak Wuol|What are you worried about, Burke?""You, me, fall, friends, college, life. Nothing big.
Ross Perlin|Unlike old-fashioned Britain, where Tony Blair recruited Lord Levy to encourage his 'Friends of Israel' to donate their money to a party that was just about to launch a criminal war, in America Alan Greenspan provided his president with an astonishing economic boom. It seems that the prosperous conditions at home divert the attention from the disastrous war in Iraq.Greenspan is not an amateur economist, he knew what he was doing. He knew very well that as long as Americans were doing well, buying and selling homes, his President would be able to continue implementing the 'Wolfowitz doctrine' and PNAC philosophy, destroying the 'bad Arabs' in the name of 'democracy', 'liberalism', 'ethics', and even 'women's rights'.
Laura Whitcomb, A Certain Slant of Light|Closing your eyes isn't going to change anything. Nothing's going to disappear just because you can't see what's going on. In fact, things will even be worse the next time you open your eyes.
SkullDuggery Pleasant|I am as you say a "skeleton" and i have been for quite a while
George Saunders, Tenth of December|Then I wondered if that was what this was, like a Brokeback Mountain thing. We’d sleep in the same bed for a year, and finally we’d do it, but we’d never talk about it, ever, and then Ben would get married and I’d be killed in Texas.Probably not, but you can never be too careful with these things.
Lactantius|Before 9/11 there were weak procedures, willingness, and mechanisms for communicating among agencies for foreign intelligence and the FBI with its focus on law enforcement. The domestic-vs.-foreign barrier has been solved by the reforms after 9/11 that established the DNI.
Brian Weiss|I am convinced that it is not the fear of death, of our lives ending that haunts our sleep so much as the fear... that as far as the world is concerned, we might as well never have lived.
Mary Pope Osborne, My Secret War: The World War II Diary of Madeline Beck, Long Island, New York 1941|When you prepare, regularly work hard, create value, help others get what they want, and persevere... the life of your dreams is INEVITABLE.
Blaise Pascal, Pensées|...let us consider the holes in our own bodies and into what these congenital wounds open. Under the skin of man is a wondrous jungle where veins like lush tropical growths hang along over-ripe organs and weed-like entrails writhe in squirming tangles of red and yellow. In this jungle, flitting from rock-gray lungs to golden intestines, from liver to lights and back to liver again, lives a bird called the soul.
Cormac McCarthy, Blood Meridian, or the Evening Redness in the West|Deployed upon that plain they moved in a constant elision, ordained agents of the actual dividing out the world which they encountered and leaving what had been and what would never be alike extinguished on the ground behind them.
Terence McKenna, Food of the Gods: The Search for the Original Tree of Knowledge|If the ego is not regularly and repeatedly dissolved in the unbounded hyperspace of the Transcendent Other, there will always be slow drift away from the sense of self as part of nature’s larger whole. The ultimate consequence of this drift is the fatal ennui that now permeates Western Civilization.
Heather Fleener, Broken|That is not what I was saying, you crazy twit!""Cut it out! You do not to play the I'm-so-dark-and twisty-I deserve-to-be-punished card.
Deepak Chopra|Guilt is just as powerful, but its influence is positive, while shame's is destructive. Shame erodes our courage and fuels disengagement.
Jacob Bronowski, The Ascent of Man|It has an unhappy effect upon the human understanding and temper, for a man to be compelled in his gravest investigation of an argument, to consider, not what is true, but what is convenient.
R.E. Butler, A Flash of Fang|All I've ever wanted was a place to belong, and someone to belong to.
Napz Cherub Pellazo|Start with yourself, strive for continuous improvement, perfection doesn't happen right away
Larissa MacFarquhar, Strangers Drowning: Grappling with Impossible Idealism, Drastic Choices, and the Overpowering Urge to Help|Many of us feel alone and assaulted by the meaninglessness of what we are doing. But, at such times, we are doing; the problem is not a lack of activity with a point, but rather questions about the point of the activity.
Stephen Richards|If there is something you think you can do well, perfect the action.
Andy Harper|Happiness should be like filling a bucket with things that make you happy, you should take your bucket cut the bottom out and constantly fill it and never stop because the happiness should be in the act of filling the bucket, not the bucket being filled.
Mother Teresa|The moment passed — but the darkness is so dark, and the pain is so painful. – But I accept whatever He gives and I give whatever He takes.
Terry Eagelton|How shall man measure Progress there where the dark-faced Josie lies? How many heartfuls of sorrow s hall balance a bushel of wheat? How hard a thing is life to the lowly, and yet how human and real! And all this life and love and strife and failure, -- is it the twilight of nightfall or the flush of some faint-dawning day?
Joseph Joubert|I like working with south Indian directors because they are very disciplined. They visualize their entire story and screenplay in their heads even before they start shooting, which I respect. They finish their work on time. Being a disciplinarian myself, this suits my style.
Carmen Electra|If you don't have a valentine, hang out with your girlfriends, don't go looking for someone. When it's right, they'll come to you.
Lailah Gifty Akita|There is always a hope for the living.Life is worth living, no matter what situation you may have encounter.No situations is permanent.
Phil Dourado, The 60 Second Leader: Everything You Need to Know about Leadership, in One Minute Bites|One of life's contradictions: how human beings were at once entirely resilient and impossibly fragile. One decision could stay with you forever, and yet you could live through almost anything.
John Cheever, Falconer|He crushes his lips to mine. My face is already wet from tears, but the kiss isn’t sweet and romantic. At that moment, it feels like a kiss of life or death. It is carnal and harsh. I will never forget this kiss.
Margaret Way, A Lesson in Loving|She was no intellectual, but men were scrupulous about avoiding intellectual women unless they had the sense to keep it well hidden.
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|We always seek to find the enemy when in reality, the enemy is really us".
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|A man's life is of more value than a woman's. It has larger issues, wider scope, greater ambitions. Our lives revolve in curves of emotions. It is upon lines of intellect that a man's life progresses. I have just learnt this, and much else with it, from Lord Goring. And I will not spoil your life for you, nor see you spoil it as a sacrifice to me, a useless sacrifice.
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|It didn't matter what I wore, or how much sleep I'd had or not had, he always looked at me as if his world began and ended with me.
Tanna Marie Angers, Forbidden|Love being the only flower that opens and reaches for the light. Light will always come, because it longs to be reached for, and darkness is put away.
S.L. Ross|Vampires don't tan. Without UV protection, we get sunburned, heal, and just repeat the process over and over.” — Spade, First Drop of Crimson by Jeaniene Frost
Gina Lake, What about Now?: Reminders for Being in the Moment|...the human being to lack that second skin we call egoism has not yet been born, it lasts much longer than the other one, that bleeds so readily.
Francis Chan, Erasing Hell: What God Said about Eternity, and the Things We've Made Up|Jesus didn't speak of hell so that we could study, debate and write books about it. He gave us these passages so that we would live holy lives. Jesus evidently hates it when we tear into our brothers or sisters with demeaning words, words that fail to honor the people around us as the beautiful image-bearing creatures that they are.
David Levithan, Wide Awake|If you think you’re good people, and if you are, how would you know? Is it something you always knew? Or was it something you found? Some people are naturally good at it […]. Is it worth trying to be something you’re not? Just because it’s right?
Lisa See, Snow Flower and the Secret Fan|But there was more to it than that. As the Amazing Maurice said, it was just a story about people and rats. And the difficult part of it was deciding who the people were, and who were the rats.
Ian Leslie, Curious: The Desire to Know and Why Your Future Depends On It|Ignorance as a deliberate choice, can be used to reinforce prejudice and discrimination.
Melissa C. Water, Lady Injury|Even now, every job I get, I worry that it will be my last. I think becoming a washed-up hag is sort of my destiny. So if you see a wrinkled old bitch wearing a tattered fur and chain-smoking in an off-Broadway back alley...that’s just me. Starting four years from now.
Jack London|The proper function of man is to live, not to exist. I shall not waste my days in trying to prolong them. I shall use my time.
Tania Kindersley, Goodbye Johnny Thunders|There's no point in arguing and loving someone who doesn't want to be with you and doesn't want to keep you in his life.. the real person will try harder to reach out and work for the best and what's supposed to be done to their relationship.. but things are not so good this time, it's time to try letting go.
Morgan Matson, Amy & Roger's Epic Detour|Summer in Pittsburgh had a way of hating you, had a way of beating you down, getting into your bones and thoughts. Only the strongest survived the humidity of Pittsburgh summers, until winter came on and brought with it a test of a different sort, to see who was strong enough to make it to summer. All weather in Pittsburgh had an attitude, forced you to submit to it. Dared you to survive.
Immanuel Kant|Our critique is not opposed to the *dogmatic procedure* of reason in its pure knowledge as science (for science must always be dogmatic, that is, derive its proof from secure *a priori* principles), but only to *dogmatism*, that is, to the presumption that it is possible to make any progress with pure (philosophical) knowledge from concepts according to principles, such as reason has long been in the habit of using, without first inquiring in what way, and by what right, it has come to posses them. Dogmatism is therefore the dogmatic procedure of pure reason, *without a preceding critique of its own powers*; and our opposition to this is not intended to defend that loquacious shallowness which arrogates to itself the name of popularity, much less that skepticism which makes short work of the whole of metaphysics. On the contrary, our critique is meant to form a necessary preparation in support of metaphysics as a thorough science, which must necessarily be carried out dogmatically and strictly systematically, so as to satisfy all the demands, no so much of the public at large, as of the Schools. This is an indispensable demand for it has undertaken to carry out its work entirely *a priori*, and thus to carry it out to the complete satisfaction of speculative reason. In the execution of this plan, as traced out by the critique, that is, in a future system of metaphysics, we shall have to follow the strict method of the celebrated Wolff, the greatest of all dogmatic philosophers. He was the first to give an example (and by his example initiated, in Germany, that spirit of thoroughness which is not yet extinct) of how the secure course of a science could be attained only through the lawful establishment of principles, the clear determination of concepts, the attempt at strictness of proof and avoidance of taking bold leaps in our inferences. He was therefore most eminently qualified to give metaphysics the dignity of a science, if it had only occurred to him to prepare his field in advance by criticism of the organ, that is, of pure reason itself―an omission due not so much to himself as to the dogmatic mentality of his age, about which the philosophers of his own, as well as of all previous times, have no right to reproach one another. Those who reject both the method of Wolff and the procedure of the critique of pure reason can have no other aim but to shake off the fetters of *science* altogether, and thus to change work into play, certainty into opinion and philosophy into philodoxy."  ―from_Critique of Pure Reason_. Preface to the Second Edition. Translated, edited, and with an Introduction by Marcus Weigelt, based on the translation by Max Müller, pp. 28-29
Jack Campbell, The Dragons of Dorcastle|My fate is a prison. It's the only one of us who didn't need to inhabit one. I took your responsibility for those souls for you, even though their deaths are your fault. You should be forced to feel what it's like for someone to be imprisoned.
Temitope Owosela Tim North Golden Phoenix|Cinders patter, falling with the snow. We creep infinitesimally northward through the dirty chaos of a world in the process of making itself. Praise then Creation unfinished!
Elizabeth A. Reeves, How [Not] to Kiss a Prince|Poor Amy. I could tell she was suffering. Poor Thing. Life was so tough for the rich, beautiful and magical.
George R.R. Martin, A Dance with Dragons|The here, the now and the individual have always been the special concern of the saint, the artist, the poet and -- from time immemorial--the woman.
Walt Shiel, Pilots and Normal People|I’d always hated cocktail parties. And this one was worse than most. Overdressed pseudo–people smiled plastic smiles, told one–upmanship stories with phony self–deprecation, then half–listened with painted–on sincerity to the one–upmanship rebuttals. Mannequins. Robots. Androids. Pseudo–people laboring in the vineyards of pseudo–intellectualism to gather the bitter grapes of self–aggrandizement.
Richard Dawkins|I was all-state in four sports in New Jersey, but sometimes I couldn't get served at a restaurant two blocks from my high school. There were no job opportunities then... the only thing a black youth could aspire to be was a bellboy or a pullman or an elevator operator, or, maybe, a teacher. There was a time when all we had was black baseball.
Amy Bloom, Away|Everyone has two memories. The one you can tell and the one that is stuck to the underside of that, the dark, tarry smear of what happened.
Sigmund Freud|Our possibilities of happiness are already restricted by our constitution. Unhappiness is much less difficult to experience. We are threatened with suffering from three directions: from our own body, which is doomed to decay and dissolution and which cannot even do without pain and anxiety as warning signals; from the external world, which may rage against us with overwhelming and merciless forces of destruction; and finally from our relations to other men. The suffering which comes from this last source is perhaps more painful to us than any other.
Chris Matakas, My Mastery: Learning to Live through Jiu Jitsu|Serve no one with your gift, but all.
Steven Pinker, How the Mind Works|Many textbooks point out that no animal has evolved wheels and cite the fact as an example of how evolution is often incapable of finding the optimal solution to an engineering problem. But it is not a good example at all. Even if nature could have evolved a moose on wheels, it surely would have opted not to. Wheels are good only in a world with roads and rails. They bog down in any terrain that is soft, slippery, steep, or uneven. Legs are better. Wheels have to roll along an unbroken supporting ridge, but legs can be placed on a series of separate footholds, an extreme example being a ladder. Legs can also be placed to minimize lurching and to step over obstacles. Even today, when it seems as if the world has become a parking lot, only about half of the earth's land is accessible to vehicles with wheels or tracks, but most of the earth's land is accessible to vehicles with feet: animals, the vehicles designed by natural selection.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|May the resurrection power of Christ, awake in us a greater spiritual force and strength, so that we can passionately pursue our God-given dreams.
J. Kenner, Heated|His voice goads me and then I register the perfect rhythm he is creating in my tightly wound body. One, two, and then three fingers fill me, his hand rocking flawlessly against my quivering clitoris as he fucks me. Slowly at first and then the tempo increases as Shaw builds the pace. Before I know it I am panting as the sensations consume me. Eyes shut tight, I feel myself grinding against what feels like the palm of his hand or maybe his wrist, loving the friction it creates as Shaw penetrates me over and over again.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Choose a leader who will invest in building bridges, not walls. Books, not weapons. Morality, not corruption. Intellectualism and wisdom, not ignorance.
Shannon Drury, The Radical Housewife: Redefining Family Values for the 21st Century|The outrageous madonna/whore duality that we mock in Women’s Studies 101 has its subtle, and very insidious, expression in the good/bad mother paradigm that we grapple with every day of our lives.
V.C. Andrews, Misty|A child isn’t born bitter. I point no fingers as to who tainted the clean, pure pool of my childhood. Let’s just say that when I realized that I didn’t want to grow up, the damage was already done. Knowing that being grown up was no swell place to be means that you are grown up enough to notice. And you can’t go back from there. You have to forge another route, draw your own map.
Parker J. Palmer, A Hidden Wholeness: The Journey Toward an Undivided Life|Like a wild animal, the soul is tough, resilient, resourceful, savvy, and self-sufficient: it knows how to survive in hard places. I learned about these qualities during my bouts with depression. In that deadly darkness, the faculties I had always depended on collapsed. My intellect was useless; my emotions were dead; my will was impotent; my ego was shattered. But from time to time, deep in the thickets of my inner wilderness, I could sense the presence of something that knew how to stay alive even when the rest of me wanted to die. That something was my tough and tenacious soul.
Luella Christie, Onyx Fox|A year ago I would’ve been taken in by his chivalry, but now I knew what laid behind the façade: a frog waiting to bite me where it hurt the most given half the chance.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love is ill-mannered; it can knock on your heart early, stay late, and leave without saying goodbye.
Michele Richard, Mocked by Destiny|The army don’t teach enlisted men how to fly,” I said, trying to hold onto my dignity. “We gotta do that for ourselves.
Sara  Humphreys, Vampire Trouble|Sleep, Maya," he murmured softly. "Sleep, my love, and I promise that I will come looking for you.
Wayne Gerard Trotman, Veterans of the Psychic Wars|Perhaps, in a few people, I have seen what can be described as a struggle with death, and it can be distressing to behold. But for the vast majority of people death is gentle, tender.
Bobby Moynihan|I mean, that's a sad day in America when you're recalled because you did what you said you were going to do, and the public voted you in to do that.
Steven Magee|A state which savagely represses or persecutes sections of its people cannot in my view be regarded as observing the rule of law, even if the transport of the persecuted minority to the concentration camp or the compulsory exposure of female children on the mountainside is the subject of detailed laws duly enacted and scrupulously observed.
Tim Butcher, Blood River: A Journey to Africa's Broken Heart|Uncle said, "If love would save him, wouldn't no harm come to him.
Mildred Aldrich, A Hilltop on the Marne|I am counting on nothing but the facts about me. So come on, Future. I've my back against the past. Anyway, as you see, it is too late to argue. I've crossed the Rubicon, and can return only when I have built a new bridge.
Chuck Close|Because I never plan anything out ahead of time, I'm always in the process of learning about my characters. Without a biographical sketch to guide me, I discover things about my heroines as the stories unfold. Only in 'Body Double' did I discover that Maura's mother was a serial killer.
Rikky Bhartia, Me "N" Her - A Strange Feeling|You see, there is a major downfall to living in a tourist town. You guessed it, the constant turnover of new people. You cannot really connect with anyone because no one is ever here for more than two weeks every year, if they comeback at all. The intruders never thought about what happens once they leave. ~ Stella
John Maiorana (Giovanni)|When a honest man speaks, he says only what he believes to be true; and for the liar, it is correspondingly indispensable that he considers his statements to be false. For the bullshitter, however, all these bets are off: he is neither on the side of the true nor on the side of the false. His eye is not on the facts at all, as the eyes of the honest man and of the liar are, except insofar as they may be pertinent to his interest in getting away with what he says. He does not care whether the things he says describe reality correctly. He just picks them out, or makes them up, to suit his purpose.
Charles Eames|Eventually Everything Connects - all the Pain, the Struggle & the People.
Jose Mourinho|All morality consists in a system of rules, and the essence of all morality is to be sought for in the respect which the individual acquires for these rules.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|Did you know that the center of a Protostar (the star in the middle of a nebula) is called a Nuclear Furnace? So you can call that the star's "heart." The heart of a star is a furnace. Not much unlike the human heart.
Anne Jane Gone Lopez|She was losing it. Needing to harden, hating that she was out of control and sloppy, she punched the leather. He needed to apologize. He needed to stop the fucking car and kiss her. She had to slap him. Eve didn’t realize how badly she’d been craving this man.
Woody Guthrie|As I went walking I saw a sign thereAnd on the sign it said "No Trespassing."But on the other side it didn't say nothing,That side was made for you and me.This land is your land, this land is my landFrom California to the New York islandFrom the Redwood forest to the Gulf Stream watersThis land was made for you and me.
Ken Wilson, A Letter to My Congregation: An evangelical pastor's path to embracing people who are gay, lesbian and transgender in the company of Jesus|On the eve of our marriage, there might have been good reason to really ask, “What is marriage?” Is it the impression and expectation that this man can make me happy—can be a savior that helps me forget the tragedy of my parents’ failed relationship as well as my own as his child? What is certain is that marriage was not to be a commitment or covenant.
Kuno Becker|My wife knows that I thrive on independence, and whatever girls live with me must know that, too. They must realize I have a certain respect for my wife and love for my children, and my work comes pretty much ahead of all that.
Christopher Boucher, How to Keep Your Volkswagen Alive: A Novel|I wish I could have shown you that engineheart- the system of pieces and parts that moved us forward, that moves us forward still. One day, a few weeks after my son’s death, I took the bolt off the casing and opened it up. Just to see how it worked. Opening that heart was like the opening the first page of a book- there were characters (me, the Memory of My Father), there was rhythm and chronology, I saw, in the images, old roads I’d forgotten- and scenes from stories where the VW was just a newborn. I do know that it held a true translation: miles to words, words to notes, notes to time. It was the HEART that converted the pedestrian song of Northampton to something meaningful, and it did so via some sort of fusion: the turtle that howls a bluegrass tune at the edge of Bow Lake becomes a warning in the VW heart…and that’s just the beginning- the first heart layer. It will take years and years of study, and the energy of every single living thing, to understand the tiny minds and roads in the subsequent layers, the mechanics at work to make every single heartmoment turn together… The point is, this WAS always the way it was supposed to be. Even I could see that the Volkswagen heart was wired for travel-genetically coded. His pages were already written-as are mine and yours. Yes, yours too! I am looking into your eyes right now and I am reading your life, and I am excited/sorry for what the road holds for you. It’s going to be amazing/really difficult. You’ll love/loathe every minute of it!
Arthur Drews|There are congregations on nearly every corner. I'm not sure we need more churches. What we need is a church. I say one church is better than fifty. I have tried to remove the plural form churches from my vocabulary, training myself to think of the church as Christ did, and as the early Christians did. The metaphors for her are always singular – a body, a bride. I heard one gospel preacher say it like this, as he really wound up and broke a sweat: "We've got to unite ourselves as one body. Because Jesus is coming back, and he's coming back for a bride not a harem.
James Russell Lingerfelt, The Mason Jar|So we went for a stroll in Alumni Park, a grassy lawn in front of Pepperdine that overlooks the coast. Deer trickle down from the hills and rocky bluffs to graze there. The coral trees rise like watchtowers over a pond where fresh water reeds grow, providing a small refuge for ducks and wild birds. At night, a full moon leaves a trail on the ocean’s black waters, and the constant coastal breeze disturbs the tree limbs, sending their leaves into a continuous stirring.
Richelle E. Goodrich, The Tarishe Curse|Smile wide to receive many smiles in return. But if you want a good laugh, smirk like a wicked, little imp and watch the range of expressions you're flashed.
Robert Jordan, Towers of Midnight|Where your attention goes, your time goes
George Washington Sears, Woodcraft and Camping|A city finds its life through the humans who inhabit it. When they go, what is truly left? Just silent stones, witnesses to the history but mute in its telling, remaining thus while slowly turning to rubble. It saddens me that life’s moments are thus lost, that one cannot experience the past in the same rich vibrancy as the present. You live the moments and then relegate them to memory, now just two-dimensional shadows, pictures without depth, stripped of their purest emotion, their tactile connections no longer accessible. You try to recall, but can bring back only a fraction of the event lived. The rest is gone, never to be as full and complete as it was in that one place at that one time. That was what I thought as I studied these stone remains; that all the tangible things experienced here abide somewhere in time, but can never again be wholly re-animated, now just ghosts imbedded in the crumbling walls and in the fading memories of those who once lived here.
Emily Martin|The persistence of this imagery calls to mind what Ludwik Fleck termed 'the self-contained' nature of scientific thought. As he described it, 'the interaction between what is already known, what remains to be learned, and those who are to apprehend it, go to ensure harmony within the system. But at the same time they also preserve the harmony of illusions, which is quite secure within the confines of a given thought style.
Erin Kellison, Until Dawn|Apparently, she was going to visit an evil witch with a scary poet vampire.
Ben Platt|At her birthday, my seven-year-old daughter will say that she wants these big cakes and certain expensive toys as presents, and I can't say no to her. It would just break my heart. But when I was little, for birthdays we just played outside and we were happy if we got any cake.
Linda F. Radke|Remain humble in your journey as an author and your audience will embrace you. Remain grateful for every publicity opportunity that comes your way, and the media will embrace you.
Ramana Pemmaraju|I hate to hate you, but what else have you left me with!
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Never judge someone's character based on the words of another. Instead, study the motives behind the words of the person casting the bad judgment.
Lemony Snicket, The End|You may believe that you are responsible for what you do, but not for what you think. The truth is that you are responsible for what you think, because it is only at this level that you can exercise choice. What you do comes from what you think. 
Alan Moore, Watchmen|In an era of stress and anxiety, when the present seems unstable and the future unlikely, the natural response is to retreat and withdraw from reality, taking recourse either in fantasies of the future or in modified visions of a half-imagines past
Juanes|Initially, it was the unpractical in fashion that brought me to design my own line. I felt that it was much more attractive to cut clothes with respect for the living, three-dimensional body rather than to cover the body with decorative ideas.
Jasz  Gill|If you want to protect your pride, you don't need people to like you!
Jiddu Krishnamurti, Freedom from the Known|Poverty becomes a marvellously beautiful thing when the mindis free of society. One must become poor inwardly for then there isno seeking, no asking, no desire, no - nothing! It is only this inwardpoverty that can see the truth of a life in which there is no conflict at all
Ray Bradbury, Dandelion Wine|and sleeping put an end to summer, 1928,
Amara Lakhous, Clash of Civilizations Over an Elevator in Piazza Vittorio|Furniture or gold can be taken away from you, but knowledge and a new language can easily be taken from one place to the other, and nobody can take them away from you.
Janet Fitch, White Oleander|Men... No matter how unappealing, each of them imagines he is somehow worthy.
Dean Rusk|Those who give themselves to prayer should in a special manner have always a devotion to St. Joseph; for I know not how any man can think of the Queen of the angels, during the time that she suffered so much with the Infant Jesus, without giving thanks to St. Joseph for the services he rendered them then.
D.J. Niko, The Oracle|Always remember that the people are not fighting for ideas, nor for what is in men’s minds. The people fight and accept the sacrifices demanded by the struggle in order to gain material advantages, to live better and in peace, to benefit from progress, and for the better future of their children. National liberation, the struggle against colonialism, the construction of peace, progress and independence are hollow words devoid of any significance unless they can be translated into a real improvement of living conditions.
Tony Dungy|No one wanted me to be a conscientious objector. My parents certainly didn't want it. My teacher and mentor, Joe Brearley, didn't want it. My friends didn't want it. I was alone.
Dee Henderson, The Healer|The sun appeared over the hillside. "I'm tired, Tom.""It's okay to go home,' he choked. "Hold my hand?"His arms tightened around her and his fingers interlaced with hers. She closed her eyes against the brightness. "I love you.""I love you too," he whispered. Jennifer died feeling the warmth of the rising sun
Junot Díaz, This Is How You Lose Her|Something must have happened, your mother speculated. In her mind a woman with no child could only be explained by vast untrammeled calamity. Maybe she just doesn't like children.Nobody likes children, Yunior, your mother assured you. That doesn't mean you don't have them.
Ashleigh Z., Under The Cypress Tree|I just can’t do it anymore. It’s too painful. It doesn't mean I’m over you, it means I’m not going to waste the rest of my life being haunted by your memory.
Darshana Suresh, Howling at the Moon|The lonely? Where's that from?Sadness' best friend. Sadness broughtit along and I couldn't turn it away, soI let it multiply in my pulse instead.
Eric Samuel Timm, Static Jedi: The Art of Hearing God Through the Noise|If we want to know our God-given gifts, we must know the giver.
Jayne Bauling, Thai Triangle|If she had learnt any lesson today it was that men were stupid, helpless creatures made needlessly cruel by their terror of showing their feelings.
George Eliot, Adam Bede|I have more enemies than I deserve," I said. "I am fighting a losing battle, me against the world. The next century is at stake. Time is running out and my optimism is sorely strained.""Yeah?" he said. "I was young once too.
George Dardess, Meeting Islam: A Guide for Christians|The Qu'ran is God's song, not ours, not even Muhammad's. To allow such a song to pass through one's body, however imperfectly, is to discover that the instrument is transformed by the music.
Abed Yaman|The drawback of stealing a thing, is that one never knows how wonderful the thing that one steals is.
Megan Rivers, A Fateful Melody: A Fictional Memoir|That mountain of courage I had been building inside me for the past several months began crumbling, tumbling down, and gaining speed like an avalanche.
Wally Lamb, The Hour I First Believed|Look, don't just stare at the pages," I used to tell my students. "Become the characters. Live inside the book.
Joan Collins|I'm relieved that after all these years of doing atrocity work, I still cry my eyes out every time I read the paper in the morning. It's surprising, actually.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|We can only predict the future ecological changes, by emergence of the past into the present.
|It is very sad how some people pray to God to take away their pain and sufferings, but then turn around and consciously inflict pain on others.
Sue Richardson, Creative Responses to Child Sexual Abuse: Challenges and Dilemmas|from: The Portrayal of Child Sexual Assault in Introductory Psychology Textbooks - Elizabeth J. Letourneau, Tonya C. LewisOne of the central questions surrounding the debate on memories of CSA is how often false or repressed memories actually occur. The APA working group (Alpert et al., 1996) and other experts (e.g., Loftus, 1993a) noted that no reliable method can distinguish between accurate and inaccurate memories. Therefore, no one can determine the prevalence of false or repressed memories. Nevertheless, six texts (30%) implied that false memories occur frequently (see Table 1). Of these, three included the opinionated suggestion that a "witch hunt" may be occurring in which innocent parents are routinely accused of, and then severely punished for, CSA. Two texts suggested that false memories of CSA must occur because an entire support group (the FMSF) has been formed for falsely accused parents. These authors apparently failed to consider that some members of the FMSF may actually have sexually assaulted children but are motivated to appear innocent. (85)
Michael J. Sullivan, Age of Swords|That's the thing about hatred, it can become rancid, and it'll turn into poison if you keep it bottled too long. Hatred will eat through any container and seep into the groundwater of a soul. Revenge is never enough to expel it because it keeps bubbling up anew. What you don't realize–can't really–is that by that time, it's all you are. You don't have the hate in you. The hate is you. When that wine is consumed, you won't ever be able to rid yourself of it. Can't vomit it up or spit it out. It'd be as impossible as escaping yourself.
Dee Williams|When we fulfill any need of the human body, it gives us pleasure. To breathe gives us much pleasure.
Gugu Mona|Where the human knowledge ends, God's wisdom and power begins to manifest in abundance.
Neil Gaiman, Preludes & Nocturnes|CHORONZON "I am anti-life, the beast of judgement. I am the dark at the end of everything. The end of universes, Gods, worlds... of everything. And what will you be then, Dreamlord?"MORPHEUS "I am hope.
