Abhijit Naskar, Wise Mating: A Treatise on Monogamy|Sex is only a tool in love, not love itself.
Graham Swift, Mothering Sunday|And books, she knew by then, were one of the necessities, the rocks of her life.
Kamand Kojouri|I was mistaken when I said you live in my heart. How absurd I was when you live in my fingertips so that everything I touch is you. How foolish I was when you live in my toes so that everywhere I go there's you. How senseless of me to say you live in my heart when you breathe in my lungs, walk on my mind, and drink in my mouth. I came to pen another poem for you, but even every unwritten poem is you.
William  Perry, The End of an Era: Life in Old Eaglehawk and Bendigo|Mr Arblaster first built his factory in 1884. It burnt down the following year. It was rebuilt in 1886 and was destroyed by an explosion during 1887 when eight lives were lost. The factory was once more rebuilt but blew up in 1888 when a lad was killed. It was built again, but on 11 December 1890 was once more wrecked by an explosion.
Frances Hodgson Burnett, The Secret Garden|One of the new things people began to find out in the last century was that thoughts--just mere thoughts--are as powerful as electric batteries--as good for one as sunlight is, or as bad for one as poison. To let a sad thought or a bad one get into your mind is as dangerous as letting a scarlet fever germ get into your body. If you let it stay there after it has got in you may never get over it as long as you live.
Arthur Symons, Spiritual Adventures|On the phone, it's about as intimate as it can get. The person's right in your ear. You got to be careful on the phone. You can leave yourself wide open
Shannon L. Alder|Often what people don't say or leave out, tells the real story.
Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical Uplifting Quotes and Poems|In the big scheme of things, it’s the little things that matter
Doris Lessing|Rigid, the skeleton of habit alone upholds the human frame.
J.M. Darhower, Sempre: Redemption|To succeed in your mission, you must have single-minded devotion to your goal
Mike  Norton|Mastering the art of seduction gives one a great power, and like any power, it's to be wielded with responsibility; a man who wields the art of seduction without a sense of responsibility and restraint is a walking proximity bomb of viral epidemics, needless procreation, heartbroken families, and shattered dreams.
C.E. Murphy, Hands of Flame|All thinking things fear. Sentience, perhaps, is facing that fear and conquering it rather than succumbing. A tiger will drown in a tar pit, but a man who can clear his thoughts may survive.
Monica Hesse, Girl in the Blue Coat|Tow best friends meeting on the street to say so many things at once: I betrayed you, I love you, I want to save you, I'm sorry. All around Europe, people are dying by the hundreds of thousands. And here, in my city, the Nazis slaughtered a family because of events that started with love and jealousy and a slip of the tongue.
Walt Whitman|O the joy of my spirit--it is uncaged--it darts like lightning!It is not enough to have this globe or a certain time,I will have thousands of globes and all time.
|The more I inspire others to search and discover their true positive purpose on earth, the more meaningful my state of existence becomes.
Katie Douglas|Each drop hits the pavement;A soft, incoherent shatter below.Here I stand in torturous observanceOf this strange disappearing act.
David Mitchell, Ghostwritten|Go on, my dear," urges the snake. "Take one. Hear it? 'Pluck me,' it's saying. That big, shiny red one. 'Pluck me, pluck me now and pluck me hard.' You know you wan
Meriwether Lewis|I am not a coward, but I am so strong. So hard to die.
Kenneth A. Bruffee, Collaborative Learning: Higher Education, Interdependence, and the Authority of Knowledge|Knowledge is a social construct, a consensus among the members of a community of knowledgeable peers.
Rein Scott, Reborn|Now give me some advice about how to take full advantage of this city. I’m always looking to improve my odds.”“Just what I’d expect from a horny actuary.”“I’m serious.”Carlos reflected for a moment on the problem at hand. He actually had never needed or tried to take full advantage of the city in order to meet women, but he thought about all of his friends who regularly did. His face lit up as he thought of some helpful advice: “Get into the arts.”“The arts?”“Yeah.”“But I’m not artistic.”“It doesn’t matter. Many women are into the arts. Theater. Painting. Dance. They love that stuff.”“You want me to get into dance? Earthquakes have better rhythm than me…And can you really picture me in those tights?”“Take an art history class. Learn photography. Get involved in a play or an independent film production. Get artsy, Sammy. I’m telling you, the senoritas dig that stuff.”“Really?”“Yeah. You need to sign up for a bunch of artistic activities. But you can’t let on that it’s all just a pretext to meet women. You have to take a real interest in the subject or they’ll quickly sniff out your game.”“I don’t know…It’s all so foreign to me…I don’t know the first thing about being artistic.”“Heeb, this is the time to expand your horizons. And you’re in the perfect city to do it. New York is all about reinventing yourself. Get out of your comfort zones. Become more of a Renaissance man. That’s much more interesting to women.
Sarah Palin|Common sense tells us that the government's attempts to solve large problems more often create new ones. Common sense also tells us that a top-down, one-size-fits-all plan will not improve the workings of a nationwide health-care system that accounts for one-sixth of our economy.
Nigel Hamilton|Just before my 16th birthday, Natalie Dormer said to me, 'As soon as you turn 16, you're going to work adult hours. People will try take advantage of you, so it's important not to be a pushover.'
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|Suddenly, the giant, three-headed dog that guards the entrance to the Underworld appears next to her—sans two of its heads—and sits down. As a child, we had a neighbor with a Great Dane, and I know they’re about three feet tall at the shoulder. Allow another twelve inches for their T-Rex-sized heads, and you’ve got a dog that this woman could throw a saddle on and ride like a pony.
Gabrielle Hamilton, Blood, Bones, and Butter: The Inadvertent Education of a Reluctant Chef|I was firmly in the out-of-sight-out-of-mind camp, and had cogent, unflinchingly honest declarations I frequently made about losing a shared context, and sentimentalism, and the general faint hearted ness of most people-but I knew there were people in the world who remained friends, for life, with bunk mates from sleepaway camp, and this was that group of people.
Ettore Scola|...because there's a secret order. The books, you can't place them random. The other day I put Cervantes next to Tolstoj.And I thought, if close to Anna Karenina we have Don Quixote, sure the latter will do his best to save her.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Medicinal Spirit, Inside MirrorTherapy becomes a harmony, and that harmony is built on levels,No one knows how to upscale another, for it has to come from the inside grails,Striking inflicts at the mirror and hatred to the being of creator,Causes hate in mirror too and abused flesh to the author,Changes come from its prudence and rationalism liberation,Not its pardon,A mirror is but a substance of a conscious,But identity says "let me fly" when journeying from the subconscious to the conscious.
Q-Tip|You can't plan success with a creative field. So I enjoy it while it's here, and I know it won't be forever. Maybe one day I'll have to go back to flipping burgers, but for now I'm going to enjoy the cool things.
Howard Schultz, Onward: How Starbucks Fought for Its Life without Losing Its Soul|To a man, a woman is fun to be with … until she gains weight. To a woman, a man is fun to live with … until he loses his job.
Kingfisher Pink, The Whole Beast|Should one find themselves with a proclivity towards savagery – be it discovered through self-diagnosis, the observations of friends and kind strangers, or via legal decree – one should take particular caution before ordering the steak tartare.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you meditate on the Holy Scriptures, you mind shall me on the Jesus Christ, the Saviour,
Ernest Vincent Wright, Gadsby|In the beginning of all things, wisdom and knowledge were with the animals, for Tirawa, the One Above, did not speak directly to man. He sent certain animals to tell men that he showed himself through the beast, and that from them, and from the stars and the sun and moon should man learn.. all things tell of Tirawa. What is life? It is the flash of a firefly in the night. It is the breath of a buffalo in the wintertime. It is the little shadow which runs across the grass and loses itself in the sunset.
Clifford Cohen|You can do anything…but before you can do anything, you have to do something.
Anthony Browne|When I was a boy, I was a worrier, and so was my son, Joe. I used to tell him that worrying meant he had an imagination and that one day he'd be pleased.
Sheryl Sandberg, Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead|Women need to shift from thinking "I'm not ready to do that" to thinking "I want to do that- and I'll learn by doing it.
Graham Kerr, Flash of Silver: ...the Leap That Changed My World|I think modern education over-emphasizes the intellect. I suppose that comes from the scientific trend of the times. You cannot obtain a useful citizen if you only develop his intellect. We take children from their parents because these cannot give them an intellectual training. So far, good. But we fail to give them that training in character which parents alone can give. Home influence, as Grace Aguilar conceived it " where has it gone? It strikes me that this is a grave danger for the future. We are rearing up a brood of crafty egoists, a generation whose earliest recollections are those of getting something for nothing from the State.I am inclined to trace our present social unrest to this over-valuation of the intellect. It hardens the heart and blights all generous impulses. What is going to replace the home, Mr. Keith?
Israelmore Ayivor|If you fear to know the cost, the value will definitely be lost. Focus your attentions on the product, not the price.
Amit Kalantri|Show some mercy to your 'time', don't always waste it.
Abraham Hicks|To vibrate that positive feeling to manifest the thing or the situation we desire, we have to feel it in the present, as if we are already in it. When we are feeling it, we are ‘being’ who we need to be to ‘do’ the action s it would require so we can ‘have’ what we desire.
Elizabeth Warren|We all have a responsibility, and since I've been so wonderfully blessed, I really want to share and to make life at least a little better. So every chance I get to share the gospel or uplift people, I will take full advantage of that opportunity.
Santosh Adbhut Kumar|If you have a problem with me, it is OK, because Mullah Omar does too.
Scott   Parker, My Favorite Letter Is H|With homework, school prepares students for overtime. With reports, it prepares them for payday.
Robin Bielman, Worth the Risk|But baby, you started this.” The hand on her hip tugged her closer, her inner thighs brushing against the smooth fabric pulled taut over his long legs.She tugged at the fingers on her hip, wriggling at the same time, desperate to escape. “And now I’m ending it.”“I’ll decide where it ends,” he said.
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|Plainly, she is quite besotted by him,... a girl, a young girl, and she is falling in love for the first time in her life. ...little Kitty Howard at a loss, stumbling in her speech, blushing like a rose, thinking of someone else and not herself is to see a girl become a woman.
Dave Shepp|I believe that there is potential in everyone, and that everyone is capable of reaching their goals and dreams with the right focus, dedication and discipline.
Dennis Lehane, A Drink Before the War|It’s impossible to park on Tremont or even idle there for more than 30 seconds. A platoon of meter maids, imported from the female Hitler Youth shortly after the fall of Berlin, roam the street, at least two to a block, pit bull faces on top of fire hydrant bodies, just waiting for someone stupid enough to stall traffic on their street.
Joyce Meyer|Hope is favorable and confident expectation; it's an expectant attitude that something good is going to happen and things will work out, no matter what situation we're facing.
Harper Lee|The upper management team had informed me that an employee that worked for me was a poor performer and would be terminated soon. This employee was clearly displaying mental health issues that were causing problems in the workplace. When I followed the company procedures and reported this to human resources, their response was to inform me that my contract would not be renewed and I would be immediately fired if anyone complained about me. This was my introduction to how mental health issues are handled in the USA.
Hayley Solich|Hold everything in this world lightly. Tight enough to show love, but loose enough to easily let go.
Biz Stone, Things a Little Bird Told Me: Confessions of the Creative Mind|At least half the job of CEO is communication - because of human nature. People fear what they don't know. If the board wasn't hearing that things were going well, they assumed that things must be going badly.
Ari Folman|Memory is dynamic, it's alive.
Amit Kalantri|Check the history, more people died for freedom than love, people need freedom before they need love.
Théophile Gautier, The Cross of Berny or Irene's Lovers|Le hasard, c'est peut-être le pseudonyme de Dieu quand il ne veut pas signer.
Elizabeth Goudge, Green Dolphin Street|Nothing living should ever be treated with contempt. Whatever it is that lives, a man, a tree, or a bird, should be touched gently, because the time is short. Civilization is another word for respect for life...
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Your values, as guiding principles, will influence your attitude towards yourself, life, other people, work and even challenges or success itself. Your values are a product of your beliefs.
Harold E. Varmus|The biggest lesson from Africa was that life's joys come mostly from relationships and friendships, not from material things. I saw time and again how much fun Africans had with their families and friends and on the sports fields; they laughed all the time.
Suze Orman|Too many people measure how successful they are by how much money they make or the people that they associate with. In my opinion, true success should be measured by how happy you are.
Nicola Yoon, The Sun Is Also a Star|Don't you think it's weird how dating profiles emphasize listings of your favorite TV shows, movies, and books? It's as if you are supposed to define yourself by how you distract yourself. It's like impersonating a person--this is what I do instead of engaging with other people.
Najwa Zebian|The way we envision the stars is by imagining they're attached to a giant invisible sphere surrounding the earth. It is a total fiction, really - just a construction we came up with to help us get our heads around the complexity of it all ... The ecliptic, put simply is the plane of the earth's orbit around the sun. But since we all live here on earth, we observe the sun to be moving along this plane instead. Why? Because what would be the point of looking at things from the perspective of the sun? That's no use to anyone ... Ergo, it's an imaginary circle, as it's only a part of our human construction of the cosmos.
Anita R. Sneed-Carter|Many may have stopped believing in you, but God hasn't.
Deyth Banger|If you can do it, why you won't do it???If you have chance why you won't use it?
John Ralston Saul, The Unconscious Civilization|This country would not be a land of opportunity, America could not be America, if the people were shackled with government monopolies.
Michael S. Kimmel, Guyland: The Perilous World Where Boys Become Men|Single parents - both women and men - can play as critical a role as the traditional two-parent family, and gay and lesbian parents can, and do, raise happy, resilient children. When it comes to family life, form is not merely as important as content. Feeling loved and supported, nurtured and safe, is far more critical than the 'package' it comes in.
Christina Engela, Black Sunrise|Language death is like no other form of disappearance. When people die, they leave signs of their presence in the world, in the form of their dwelling places, burial mounds, and artefacts - in a word, their archaeology. But spoken language leaves no archaeology. When a language dies, which has never been recorded, it is as if it has never been.
Kaya McLaren, How I Came to Sparkle Again|The world around me was oblivious, but for once, I felt absolute
Konstantin Tsiolkovsky|Coal mines, like a hard life, have seen the best diamonds of innovation, more than any jewel factory.
Rex Hunt|I am not a 'defender' of the September 11 attacks, but simply pointing out that if U.S. foreign policy results in massive death and destruction abroad, we cannot feign innocence when some of that destruction is returned.
Susan Ee, Angelfall|When a man in purple and screaming pink stares at you, you know it's time to change your appearance.
Richard Wright, Black Boy|At the age of twelve, before I had had one full year of formal schooling, I had a conception of life that no experience would ever erase, a predilection for what was real that no argument could ever gainsay, a sense of the world that was mine and mine alone, a notion as to what life meant that no education could ever alter, a conviction that the meaning of living came only when one was struggling to wring a meaning out of meaningless suffering.
Charles Bukowski|unless the sun inside you is burning your gut, don't do it
Dale Pendell, Pharmako/Poeia: Plant Powers, Poisons, and Herbcraft|It may have been quixotic, but it was magnificent.
James Hauenstein|Realize in life that you will have your ups and downs. You can't have those wonderful up moments without the downs. If everything stayed the same all the time, that would be depressing.
Johanna Lindsey, Once a Princess|This may be a thing you neither want nor need," she said. "But I'd rather you have it, wishing didn't, than not have it and wish you did.
John Burroughs|It doesn't occur to me that I don't drive a cool car until I hang out with Jon Hamm, who picks me up in what looks like a Transformer, and I think, 'Oh, that's what movie stars are driving. I guess I'm not a movie star.'
Dean Cavanagh|Nobody seems to know which came first; egg or chicken – except of course for agents of the Time Saving Agency – who can find out anything about, well – anything. The only trouble is, they aren’t talking – however, you can take it from me – they know. The answer to these and other puzzles are kept safe and secure behind fire-walls and thick security doors secured with, er – time-locks, where one could possibly find answers to many other troubling questions, and not all of them necessarily relating to chickens.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Sweep your mind and clean your heart, for these are the very places where things that make or mar our entire journey of life and living dwell! Sweep your mind and clean your heart, then you shall be free to be free and indeed have a true freedom! Sweep your mind and clean your heart, so you may have a clean mind and heart to be clean! Sweep your mind and clean your heart for not all things deserve a place in your heart and body! Sweep your mind and clean your heart, for in the end, so many things living in your heart and mind may never matter as part of the matters of your lifetime and life which really matter! Clean your heart and sweep your mind for certain people and things are in there only to disturb you for all the moments they shall continue to live there! Sweep your mind and clean your heart, for your body deserves nothing, but a clean mind and a clean heart daily for a daily fresh and refreshed body! Sweep your mind and clean your heart for there are so many toxic substances in our minds and hearts which we ponder over and over every day that weaken not just our hearts and minds every day, but our entire daily life and living! Sweep your mind and clean your heart for certain things deserve to live permanently in our hearts and minds so as to enable us live and leave distinctive footprints, and certain things deserve to leave our hearts and minds so that we can have a safe journey of life, and live and leave distinctive footprints in our journey of life!
Ally Carter, Heist Society|Do you understand any of this?" he said, pointing to the lines and symbols that covered the massive screens."Some people understand the value of an education."Hale stretched and crossed his legs, the settled his arm around Kat's shoulders."That's sweet, Kat. Maybe later I'll buy you a university. And an ice cream.""I'd settle for the ice cream.""Deal.
Malcolm Gladwell, David and Goliath: Underdogs, Misfits, and the Art of Battling Giants|Meredith,' interposed Celia, 'makes one of his women, Emilia in England, say that poetry is like talking on tiptoe; like animals in cages, always going to one end and back again.
Toni Braxton|There's definitely an old school element to my music, but I also think it's modern.
Idries Shah, Caravan of Dreams|Life: sometimes the man on the saddle, sometimes the saddle on the man.
Erin Hunter|This will not be the end of the clans as long as I have breath in my body"~jayfeather
Miley Cyrus|As a brother and sister, our tastes were pretty different growing up. He liked a lot of early hip hop. My dad didn't understand it and would try to talk him out of it.
Mordred|There is so much that is still silent between Jaja and me. Perhaps we will talk more with time, or perhaps we never will be able to say it all, to clothe things in words, things that have long been naked.
Bailey Cunningham|Ohlen stood and walked around the clearing, examining the ground as he went. "I see only one set of tracks..." his voice trailed off as he knelt, inspecting the footprints more closely. "I've seen these before. This is the cru’gan.”Ahmahn came over and bent down beside his friend. "Him? Do you mean the scarred one that has Mirra?""Either that or a ferocious rabbit wearing cru'gan boots," Ohlen said sardonically.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Any day God removes His hand from you, you are finished. Your hope and trust is only in Him. Your confidence, your strength, your power and your life is in God. There is no better life without Him. Look around the world and you will understand me.
Morrissey|This world, I am afraid, is designed for crashing bores.
Jenna Rutland, Just for Appearances|I said nothing in my texts. You came up with your own conclusions and you were mad thinking about me being with someone else…’’ “Stop,’’ he said, his jaw tightening. “Touching another man…’’ “Stop it.’’ “Sleeping…’’ He ran to me and grabbed my shoulders, shaking me once, not hard, but enough to make me stop. “Quit it,’’ he whispered, his voice deep and dark.
Marc Chagall|Art, like morality, consists in drawing the line somewhere.
Henry Adams, The Education of Henry Adams|The chief wonder of education is that it does not ruin everybody concerned in it, teachers and taught.
Elie Wiesel, Night|She wanted to reach up to the night and dig her fingers into it, beg it to stay just a little bit longer.
Saim .A. Cheeda|When the Earth basks in the Sun's brilliance, you'll find me there with my arms spread wide and my face with a smile.
Robert Hass, Human Wishes|But usually not. Usually she thinks of the path to his house, whether deer had eaten the tops of the fiddleheads, why they don't eat the peppermint saprophytes sprouting along the creek; or she visualizes the approach to the cabin, its large windows, the fuchsias in front of it where Anna's hummingbirds always hover with dirty green plumage and jeweled throats. Sometimes she thinks about her dream, the one in which her mother wakes up with no hands. The cabin smells of oil paint, but also of pine. The painter's touch is sexual and not sexual, as she herself is....When the memory of that time came to her, it was touched by strangeness because it formed no pattern with the other events in her life. It lay in her memory like one piece of broken tile, salmon-coloured or the deep green of wet leaves, beautiful in itself but unusable in the design she was making
Larry Dossey, Reinventing Medicine: Beyond Mind-Body to a New Era of Healing|Eventually it became clear that our emotions, attitudes, and thoughts profoundly affect our bodies, sometimes to the degree of life or death. Soon mind-body effects were recognized to have positive as well as negative impacts on the body. This realization came largely from research on the placebo effect—the beneficial results of suggestion, expectation, and positive thinking.
Maria Flynn|I trust the Universe Implicitly, therefore my experience is happening FOR me and not TO me. I trust the Universe. I trust the process.
Khaled Hosseini, A Thousand Splendid Suns|During Xtha-cka Zhi-ga The-the, the Killer of Flowers Moon. I will wade across the river of the blackfish, the otter, the beaver. I will climb the bank where the willow never dies.
A.L. Jackson, Come to Me Quietly|She now saw that she wanted a boy to do more than follow her in blind devotion. She wanted a boy to challenge her, to tell her about things she'd never thought of, to show her new points of view.
Connor Franta, A Work in Progress|It allows you to be yourself, good and bad. And it's a two-way street: you give and take equally.
Bauvard, Some Inspiration for the Overenthusiastic|Without humor, we’d all be what we’re laughing at. Without arrogance, we’d be humiliated to admit we already are.
Jess C. Scott, The Other Side of Life|That’s sad. How plastic and artificial life has become. It gets harder and harder to find something…real.” Nin interlocked his fingers, and stretched out his arms. “Real love, real friends, real body parts…
Jeanette Coron|If someone puts you through hell, don’t be mad or bitter about it, because the thing that will free you from that hell is forgiveness.
David K. Storrs|Wait," Charlotte said. "I'd like to say something, if I may, Papa." He nodded, and Charlotte stood. Her siblings were still looking very grave. She hoped they were in the proper frame of mind to hear what she had to say, especially Branwell. "I have been thinking a great deal about ... My stories." She nodded significantly to them, willing them to understand that she was not talking about writing so much as about crossing over. "Papa was very wise when he called my writing a childish habit, and I think he understands that, for me, its a dangerous one as well."  The small square of paper that had caused such consternation lay in front of her on the table. Now she took it up and held it out, looking at each if her siblings in turn. "Emily. Anne. Branwell." She ripped the paper in half. Emily gasped. " I am renouncing my invented worlds and all who live there. If any of you are in the grip if a similar childish habit"- she raised an eyebrow at her brother - "I challenge you to do the same.
Maria Dahvana Headley, Unnatural Creatures|Are you going to let me be eaten?' Billy Beecham looks stunned.'Don't you know that sometimes Beast collectors get collected?' I ask him.'But you're a virgin.''Virgins were never sacrifices,' I say. "Not to this kind of Beast. Virgin are collaborators.
Michael Crichton, The Andromeda Strain|It was, of course, another test. Everything in human life was a test. That was why they all looked so stressed out.
Angela Carter, Nights at the Circus|These characters depend to such a high degree on their own sense of integrity that for them, victory has nothing to do with happiness. It has more to do with a settling within oneself, a movement inward that makes them whole. Their reward is not happiness...what James's characters gain is self-respect.
ehddah|Perhaps I had inadvertently brushed up against the Buddhist axiom, that enlightenment is the ultimate disappointment.
Nathan W. Morris|Every time you borrow money, you're robbing your future self.
Thomas Ades, Thomas Adès: Full of Noises: Conversations with Tom Service|Plenty of masterpieces are just one cliché after another, Mozart for example, but that's quite natural, because if you think about it, two clichés that have never met each other before can beget the most original and profound effect.
Stacy Schiff, Cleopatra: A Life|History existed to be retold, with more panache but not necessarily greater accuracy.
Michael Salter, Organised Sexual Abuse|Blaming therapy, social work and other caring professions for the confabulation of testimony of 'satanic ritual abuse' legitimated a programme of political and social action designed to contest the gains made by the women's movement and the child protection movement. In efforts to characterise social workers and therapists as hysterical zealots, 'satanic ritual abuse' was, quite literally, 'made fun of': it became the subject of scorn and ridicule as interest groups sought to discredit testimony of sexual abuse as a whole. The groundswell of support that such efforts gained amongst journalists, academics and the public suggests that the pleasures of disbelief found resonance far beyond the confines of social movements for people accused of sexual abuse. These pleasures were legitimised by a pseudo-scientific vocabulary of 'false memories' and 'moral panic' but as Daly (1999:219-20) points out 'the ultimate goal of ideology is to present itself in neutral, value-free terms as the very horizon of objectivity and to dismiss challenges to its order as the "merely ideological"'. The media spotlight has moved on and social movements for people accused of sexual abuse have lost considerable momentum. However, their rhetoric continues to reverberate throughout the echo chamber of online and 'old' media. Intimations of collusion between feminists and Christians in the concoction of 'satanic ritual abuse' continue to mobilise 'progressive' as well as 'conservative' sympathies for men accused of serious sexual offences and against the needs of victimised women and children. This chapter argues that, underlying the invocation of often contradictory rationalising tropes (ranging from calls for more scientific 'objectivity' in sexual abuse investigations to emotional descriptions of 'happy families' rent asunder by false allegations) is a collective and largely unarticulated pleasure; the catharthic release of sentiments and views about children and women that had otherwise become shameful in the aftermath of second wave feminism. It seems that, behind the veneer of public concern about child sexual abuse, traditional views about the incredibility of women's and children's testimony persist. 'Satanic ritual abuse has served as a lens through which these views have been rearticulated and reasserted at the very time that evidence of widespread and serious child sexual abuse has been consolidating. p60
William Shakespeare|There are, basically, three kinds of people: the unsuccessful, the temporarily successful, and those who become and remain successful. The difference is character.
Nicholas Kaufmann, Dying Is My Business|Everything has an advantage and disadvantage but, choose an option that will bring you back to the track. Even if you see a poor man on the street choose an option that will left you up, but don't just choose, apply action.
Evelyn Waugh, Scoop|Ah well, to the journalist every country is rich.
Olivia Cunning, Rock Hard|Sed paused in his song, feeling ridiculous for singing it to her while they made love.“Baby, you realize this song is about Trey’s dead dog, don’t you?
Angelica Hopes|The more success a person has in life, the greater the danger of fornication can become.
Gail Giles, Shattering Glass|His moods changed minute to minute, and Jan could change him quicker than anyone. The more he loved her the more mixed up he got. He was such a beautiful man, but so unstable.
John Green, Paper Towns|God didn't create the fear, fear created the God.God didn't create humans, Humans created the God because of their fear.
Huey Freeman The Boondocks|The truth is Christmas evolved from the Roman holiday Saturnalia, a winter festival where men gave gifts to each other. They also would get drunk, have sex with each other and beat their wives
Pazaria Smith|The only point in creating something is to watch it die. Like a story that must come to a climax, what I have done will not be fulfilled until the end has arrived.
Thomas A. Edison|After a lifetime of working, raising families, and contributing to the success of this nation in countless other ways, senior citizens deserve to retire with dignity.
Tia Williams, The Perfect Find|Nothing lasts forever. That is the only truth we are guaranteed in life. When someone says they will love you forever, what does that really mean? Then again, what really is love? I think that’s why we’re here. For each of us to discover what love means to us.
Robin Sacredfire|To those that don't believe I'm worth more than what they think of other authors, to hell with them. Call me arrogant and call the police of politeness on me if you wish, because I won't stop until anyone that thinks that is erased from history. I will not only become immortal, but annihilate the memory of the ignorant from the face of the earth. My work will persist in the battles against the stupid and for thousands of years after I'm gone.
Cynthia Hand, Boundless|She shrugs."Men""Men.""If we can send one man to the moon, why can't we send them all there?
Kellie Elmore|Mr. Thorton love Margaret! Why, Margraret would never think of him, I'm sure! Such a thing has never entered her head." "Entering her heart would do.
Bob Proctor|The only limits in our life are those we impose on ourselves." - Bob Proctor
Andy Rooney, Andy Rooney: 60 Years of Wisdom and Wit|. . to cook well and with imagination you have to be in a cheerful and contented frame of mind, and thus inclined to be generous.
Mikhail Gorbachev|When it comes to 'Glee,' I feel like I've been in a relationship, and now I can mingle a bit.
Gabriel García Márquez, The General in His Labyrinth|Iturbide exclaimed: "Don't frighten me, General!""Don't be frightened," said the General in a calm voice. "Go to Mexico, even if they kill you or even if you die. And go now while you're still young, because one day it will be too late, and then you won't feel at home here or there. You'll feel like a stranger everywhere, and that's worse than being dead." He looked him straight in the eye, placed his open hand on his own chest, and concluded:"Just look at me.
George Saunders, Tenth of December|One of pleasures of parenting, future reader: parent can positively influence kid, make moment kid will remember for rest of life, moment that alters his/her trajectory, opens up his/her heart + mind.
Barbara Kingsolver, The Lacuna|This is what it means to be alone: everyone is connected to everyone else, their bodies are a bright liquid life flowing around you, sharing a single heart that drives them to move all together. If the shark comes they will all escape, and leave you to be eaten.
Holly Hurd, Venture Mom: From Idea to Income in Just 12 Weeks|The most important step in the whole process was to just sit down and do it. My hobby has become a second career. Who knew?-Jamie Beck, Romance Novelist
Flannery O'Connor, The Violent Bear It Away|There is no alternative to action, and that requires faith. The issue is how we are to mold for ourselves a belief system that is worthy of life.
Tao Lin, Taipei|On average, since the urge to kill myself isn't so strong that I actually kill myself, the world is worth living in.
John Romaniello|I eat egg whites a lot. Aside from that, I eat everything. I try to avoid too much oily food, but I do eat carbs. I have to have a balanced diet.
Stephen Richards|Openness is also an acceptance that just as you have the inherent right to create your life as you see fit, so others have the same right with their own lives, even if their design differs from yours greatly.
Anne Deavere Smith|Like language, I think any who have not acquired spirituality by a certain age are doomed to be never fluent and you are likely to mimic the one that surrounds you.
Daniel H. Wilson|We all have our ways of handling fear and managing trying; jumping in or climbing down, a direct approach or a delay, joyful or miserable, a spirit of adventure, or God help me, get this thing over with.
Christopher Moore, The Stupidest Angel: A Heartwarming Tale of Christmas Terror|In 2011, Mark Brooks, a consultant to online-dating companies, published the results of an industry survey titled “How Has Internet Dating Changed Society?” The survey responses, from 39 executives, produced the following conclusions:“Internet dating has made people more disposable.”“Internet dating may be partly responsible for a rise in the divorce rates.”“Low quality, unhappy and unsatisfying marriages are being destroyed as people drift to Internet dating sites.”“The market is hugely more efficient … People expect to—and this will be increasingly the case over time—access people anywhere, anytime, based on complex search requests … Such a feeling of access affects our pursuit of love … the whole world (versus, say, the city we live in) will, increasingly, feel like the market for our partner(s). Our pickiness will probably increase.”“Above all, Internet dating has helped people of all ages realize that there’s no need to settle for a mediocre relationship.”From "A Million First DatesHow online romance is threatening monogamy" in January/February 2013
A.E. Housman, A Shropshire Lad|In my own shire, if I was sadHomely comforters I had:The earth, because my heart was sore,Sorrowed for the son she bore;And standing hills, long to remain,Shared their short-lived comrade's pain.And bound for the same bourn as I,On every road I wandered by,Trod beside me, close and dear,The beautiful and death-struck year:Whether in the woodland brownI heard the beechnut rustle down,And saw the purple crocus paleFlower about the autumn dale;Or littering far the fields of MayLady-smocks a-bleaching lay,And like a skylit water stoodThe bluebells in the azured wood. Yonder, lightening other loads,The season range the country roads,But here in London streets I kenNo such helpmates, only men;And these are not in plight to bear,If they would, another's care.They have enough as 'tis: I seeIn many an eye that measures meThe mortal sickness of a mindToo unhappy to be kind.Undone with misery, all they canIs to hate their fellow man;And till they drop they needs must stillLook at you and wish you ill.
Max Hawthorne, Kronos Rising: After 65 Million Years, the World's Greatest Predator Is Back.|In fact, “talent” is as common as mud; what’s rare is the motivation to sit down and actually do something with one’s talent, the discipline to do it regularly, and the persistence to stick with it until it’s finished.
Tony Federico, Paleo Grilling: A Modern Caveman's Guide to Cooking with Fire|Arguably the greatest technological triumph of the century has been the public-health system, which is sophisticated preventive and investigative medicine organized around mostly low- and medium-tech equipment; ... fully half of us are alive today because of the improvements.
James S.A. Corey, Cibola Burn|The sex,” he said. “I just wanted to make sure that we were okay. That things were all right between us.”“Well,” she said, “orgasm does release a lot of oxytocin, so I’m probably more fond of you than before.
David Lynch, Catching the Big Fish: Meditation, Consciousness, and Creativity|I love going into another world, and I love mysteries. So I don't really like to know very much ahead of time. I like the feeling of dicovery.
John Banville, The Sea|Life, authentic life, is supposed to be all struggle, unflagging action and affirmation, but when I look back I see that the greater part of my energies was always given over to the simple search for shelter, for comfort, for, yes, I admit it, for cosiness. This is a surprising, not to say a shocking, realization. Before, I saw myself as something of a buccaneer, facing all-comers with a cutlass in my teeth, but now I am compelled to acknowledge that this was a delusion. To be concealed, protected, guarded, that is all I have truly wanted, to burrow down into a place of womby warmth and cower there, hidden from the sky’s indifferent gaze and the harsh air’s damagings. That is why the past is just such a retreat for me, I go there eagerly, rubbing my hands and shaking off the cold present and the colder future. And yet, what existence, really, does it have, the past? After all, it is only what the present was, once, the present that is gone, no more than that. And yet.
Robert Higgs|Consider intentions carefully. Karma gives a damn about ego, awards allegiance to none, and its justice is truly blind.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you don’t want to regret your life later, then begin to invest your time, begin to measure your life. Measure your life by the products and by the results you produce!
Gail Carriger, Heartless|To express oneself fluently involves more than simply speaking the language properly. It includes inflection, voice, posture, gestures, and clothing. All of these elements add up to an individual’s personal expression. They are the elements of style.
James W. Mercer, The Tsunami That Reshaped America|If such things were not so dangerous one would laugh. But one recognizes the technique. Such propaganda always begins with words, but soon it proceeds to deeds. When there are no facts to support lies, facts must be made.
Stephen Kinzer|I have some wonderful suits in my closet, a lovely car, some refined watches.
|Your dream is always counting on you not to ever lose hope, because its survival depends on your thoughts.
Al Franken|I love Stephen Colbert and Jon Stewart because they're bringing irony back into American humor, which is a delicious treat. The entire Colbert persona of being extreme right-wing when he's not at all is highly amusing. He does it so well, but sometimes a little too well. My wife is convinced he's completely that way.
Laura Kasischke, White Bird in a Blizzard|I can feel them. The babies. They're not crawling all over me. They're not vomiting in my hair or shrieking. They're doing perfectly normal baby things, and I'm keeping them alive. But I resent them. Their constancy, their intrusion on my relationship and my free time and my naps and my imagination and my heart. They've come too soon, and I can't do any of what I had planned. All I can do is survive.
Kamand Kojouri|Tell me where the swans go in the winterI need to know if the mute ones can sing.Tell me why stars fall from the skyI need to know if it is luck they bring.Tell me why feathers land near youI need to know if you've injured your wing.Now, tell me where you end, my angelFor I no longer know where I begin.
Sarah Parcak|I never feel more alone than when I'm traveling. Alone and, to some extent, helpless. The world expects a certain level of competence and can be merciless when this expectation is unmet.
Brenda Joyce, An Impossible Attraction|A garden did not need people in order to be alive and natural. The flowers might have died, and the last leaves might be falling, but the space was still redolent with the odors of life. It contained a thousand reassurances that no matter what one person’s strife, the seasons continued their cycle.
Ford Madox Ford, No More Parades|Who can protect themselves from betrayal? The day your brother wakes up and plans to do you dirty, there's no defense against that.
Nathaniel Kahn|I know I should feel anger at my father for certain things. But since he died when I was 11, I never got to that point.
Sunday Adelaja|Life without knowing your destiny leads to “rat races”, depression and frustration, and attempt to commit suicide
Colleen Hoover|Sometimes two people have to fall apart, to realize how much they need to fall back together.
Kazuo Ishiguro, The Remains of the Day|For a great many people, the evening is the most enjoyable part of the day. Perhaps, then, there is something to his advice that I should cease looking back so much, that I should adopt a more positive outlook and try to make the best of what remains of my day. After all, what can we ever gain in forever looking back and blaming ourselves if our lives have not turned out quite as we might have wished?
Carolyn Wheat, How to Write Killer Fiction|Writing the middle of a novel is a lot like driving through Texas. You think it's never going to end, and the scenery looks the same.
Jean Sasson, Growing Up bin Laden: Osama's Wife and Son Take Us Inside Their Secret World|the underlying struggle - between worlds of plenty and worlds of want; between the modern and the ancient; between those who embrace our teeming, colliding, irksome diversity, while still insisting on a set of values that binds us together, and those who would seek, under whatever flag or slogan or sacred text, a certainty and simplification that justifies cruelty toward those not like us...
John Steinbeck|...“Maybe it’s like this, Max--you know how, when you are working on a long and ordered piece, all sorts of bright and lovely ideas and images intrude. They have no place in what you are writing, and so if you are young, you write them in a notebook for future use. And you never use them because they are sparkling and alive like colored pebbles on a wave-washed shore. It’s impossible not to fill your pockets with them. But when you get home, they are dry and colorless. I’d like to pin down a few while they are still wet.”...'John Steinbeck
Cory Booker|That I am not a member of any Christian church is true; but I have never denied the truth of the Scriptures, and I have never spoken with intentional disrespect of religion in general, or of any denomination of Christians in particular.
Gwen Bistrow|..the guests milled back and forth: men stood with their heads together, discussing politics and crops, their stiff white shirts puffed and ruffled, their voices rising and falling in steadfast opinions as women of fair whispered to one another and laughed behind silk fans, occasionally calling out gaily to pull another into their ring of white shoulder flounced with satin as house niggers dipped and weaved all around them bearing trays of syllabub and sack, almost invisible as the shadows they cast
Henri Nouwen|In solitude we discover that community is not a common ideology, but a response to a common call.
Eileen Granfors, Some Rivers End on the Day of the Dead|pencils racing across paper, a sound I like." Marisol
Ernest Hemingway, A Farewell to Arms|Maybe...you'll fall in love with me all over again.""Hell," I said, "I love you enough now. What do you want to do? Ruin me?""Yes. I want to ruin you.""Good," I said. "That's what I want too.
Judith Miller|History is, strictly speaking, the study of questions; the study of answers belongs to anthropology and sociology.
Emily Giffin, Something Borrowed|I noticed the plants growing around me. Tall with leaves like arrowheads. Blossoms with three white petals. I knelt down in the water, my fingers digging into the soft mud, and I pulled up handfuls of the roots. Small, bluish tubers that don’t look like much but boiled or baked are as good as any potato. “Katniss,” I said aloud. It’s the plant I was named for. And I heard my father’s voice joking, “As long as you can find yourself, you’ll never starve.
Abhijit Naskar|If history has shown anything, it is that where there is a God, there is an institution trying to lock up that God in its lifeless structure of orthodoxy, in order to have authority over people and sell tickets to the Kingdom of that God. Thus emerged all the pompous lies about the extraterrestrial Kingdom of God or Heaven.
James Comey|Technology is huge; I wanted to learn about it. People might say that's odd, but I think it's odd if artists aren't interested in the world around them. I'm always chasing that.
Amit Kalantri|Forgotten hero was never the real hero, real hero can not be forgotten.
Stephen Hawking, A Brief History of Time|If time travel is possible, where are the tourists from the future?
Fennel Hudson, A Writer's Year - Fennel's Journal - No. 3|I needed some space to lay myself out, so that I could decide which pieces I wanted to pick up.
Anonymous|I won't say ours was a tough school  but we had our own coroner. We used to write essays like "What I'm Going to Be if I Grow Up."
Emmanuelle de Maupassant, The Gentlemen's Club|Girls barely budding open their legs to make a living, alongside the toothless and rancid of breath; hair thick with lice, they all find customers if the price is right, against the wall or on sheets well-soiled. Their holes cost but a shilling. Skins grow thick and claws sharp.
Lauren Oliver, Pandemonium|There was a loud shuffling above. A line of redcoats took their position at the edge of the ravine and aimed down at the rebels.	"Present!" the British officer screamed to his men.	"Present!" yelled the American officer. His men brought the butts of their muskets up to their shoulders and sighted down the long barrels, ready to shoot and kill.	I pressed my face into the earth, unable to plan a course of escape. My mind would not be mastered and thought only of the wretched, lying, foul, silly girl who was the cause of everything.	I thought of Isabel and I missed her.	"FIRE!
Brand Blanshard, The Nature Of Thought|...reality is a system, completely ordered and fully intelligible, with which thought in its advance is more and more identifying itself. We may look at the growth of knowledge … as an attempt by our mind to return to union with things as they are in their ordered wholeness…. and if we take this view, our notion of truth is marked out for us. Truth is the approximation of thought to reality … Its measure is the distance thought has travelled … toward that intelligible system … The degree of truth of a particular proposition is to be judged in the first instance by its coherence with experience as a whole, ultimately by its coherence with that further whole, all comprehensive and fully articulated, in which thought can come to rest.
Ahmed Mostafa|Once upon a time, I wish I had sneezed. The end.
Gift Gugu Mona|When you surround yourself with dramatic people, your life will be driven by drama instead of destiny.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Vision|I believe that if you can't agree with how they think, then it's better to learn from their difference.
Michael Patrick King|When real people fall down in life, they get right back up and keep on walking.
Irvine Welsh, Filth|Oh fair enough are sky and plain,But I know fairer far:Those are as beautiful againThat in the water are;The pools and rivers wash so cleanThe trees and clouds and air,The like on earth was never seen,And oh that I were there.These are the thoughts I often thinkAs I stand gazing downIn act upon the cressy brinkTo strip and dive and drown;But in the golden-sanded brooksAnd azure meres I spyA silly lad that longs and looks And wishes he were I.
Madeleine L'Engle, Walking on Water: Reflections on Faith and Art|Ragnor [was] always happy to see chaos, but not be involved in it.
Jennie Garth|When I was in my early to mid-teens, that was a very heavy diet of science fiction and fantasy, so those were the kinds of books I tended to imagine writing someday, or even began to try to write.
Julian Barnes, Talking It Over|If you remember your past too well you start blaming your present for it. Look what they did to me, that's what caused me to be like this, it's not my fault. Permit me to correct you: it probably is your fault. And kindly spare me the details.
Sunday Adelaja|God wants the church to become an authority to bring order, righteousness and purity to the country
Stefanie Weisman, The Secrets of Top Students: Tips, Tools, and Techniques for Acing High School and College|Susie: Hi Calvin! Aren't you excited about going to school? Look at all these great school supplies I got! I love having new notebooks and stuff!Calvin:All I've got to say is they're not making me learn any foreign languages. If English is good enough for me, then by golly, it's good enough for the rest of the world! Everyone should just speak English or shut up, that's what I say!Susie: You should maybe check the chemical content of your breakfast cereal.
Dan Krokos, The Planet Thieves|I don’t for a moment think I am any braver or better than anybody else. This is how I attempt to explain what gives me the strength to do what I do; when that thunderbolt of an idea first hit me and inspired me to row across oceans, it filled me with a sense of purpose so strong that it overcame my fears. Even when boredom, frustration, fatigue or despair threatened to overwhelm me, it was that powerful sense of purpose that kept me going.
Aristotle|We must consider also whether soul is divisible or is without parts, and whether it is everywhere homogeneous or not; and if not homogeneous, whether its various forms are different specifically or generically; up to the present time those who have discussed and investigated soul seem to have confined themselves to the human soul. We must be careful not to ignore the question whether soul can be defined in a single account, as is the case with animal, or whether we must not give a separate account of each sort of it, as we do for horse, dog, man, god (in the latter case the universal, animal—and so too every other common predicate—is either nothing or posterior). Further, if what exists is not a plurality of souls, but a plurality of parts of one soul, which ought we to investigate first, the whole soul or its parts? It is also a difficult problem to decide which of these parts are in nature distinct from one another. Again, which ought we to investigate first, these parts or their functions, mind or thinking, the faculty or the act of sensation, and so on? If the investigation of the functions precedes that of the parts, the further question suggests itself: ought we not before either to consider the correlative objects, e.g. of sense or thought? It seems not only useful for the discovery of the causes of the incidental proprieties of substances to be acquainted with the essential nature of those substances (as in mathematics it is useful for the understanding of the property of the equality of the interior angles of a triangle to two right angles to know the essential nature of the straight and the curved or of the line and (the plane) but also conversely, for the knowledge of the essential nature of a substance is largely promoted by an acquaintance with its properties: for, when we are able to give an account conformable to experience of all or most of the properties of a substance, we shall be in the most favourable position to say something worth saying about the essential nature of that subject: in all demonstration a definition of the essence is required as a starting point, so that definitions which do not enable us to discover the incidental properties, or which fail to facilitate even a conjecture about them, must obviously, one and all, be dialectical and futile." —from_On the Soul: Book I_
Max Lucado, 3:16: The Numbers of Hope|We will never be cleansed until we confess we are dirty. And we will never be able to wash the feet of those who have hurt us until we allow Jesus, the one we have hurt, to wash ours.
John M. Keller, Abracadabrantesque|We had traveled far and long to get here but were still the same still-born, unreconstructed people who had once met on this landscape that began somewhere not too far south of the south and ended all the way up in the northernmost extremes of the north, and every soul begotten upon this land was a bastard child of that interminable human equation: colonizer and colony, slave and master, rapist and victim, and any pledge to loyalty and patriotism was an oath to both parts of this equation—we were the seconds obliviously turned up on the old, unregenerate battlefield, here to fight in history’s redundant, never-ending duel, always carrying someone else’s sword and flag in the name of the myth.
George Carlin, Brain Droppings|If your kid needs a role model and you ain't it, you're both fucked.
Tom Chatfield|I love driving cars, looking at them, cleaning and washing and shining them. I clean 'em inside and outside. I'm very touchy about cars. I don't want anybody leaning on them or closing the door too hard, know what I mean?
György Lukács|We are children of chaos, and the deep structure of change is decay. At root, there is only corruption, and the unstemmable tide of chaos. Gone is purpose; all that is left is direction. This is the bleakness we have to accept as we peer deeply and dispassionately into the heart of the Universe.
Buzz Osborne|In America there are two classes of travel - first class, and with children.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|Erosion of corruption is ambition of a nation. Sow the revolution or go for contribution; if not, opt corroboration.
Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures|There's nowhere that life feels more eternal, your dimwit youth more important, than Paris.
Rashid Johnson|If you look at the game and everything, it's not quite like looking at an animated film, because that's total character. This, this is really movement, but it's got funny little things if you look for the humor. They're actually getting to the character.
E. Lockhart, We Were Liars|When blood dripped on my bare feet or poured over the book I was reading, he was kind.
khushboo suneja|If you had the ability to make things right, you would have kept them from going wrong in the first place. That's the problem. You don't have the ability, as we all are. It is only the grace of God that can make amends for your mistakes.
Tom Landry|I am the wealthiest man, not just in Europe, but in the whole world. I collect emotions. I am wealthy in that the people of Russia have twice entrusted me with the leadership of a great nation such as Russia - I believe that is my greatest wealth.
Melina Marchetta, The Piper's Son|Play me something that makes me feel;This soul inside me is made of steel.Brain is breathing, but heart’s not beatingAnd, babe, I need you to make things real.Walk inside me without silence,Kill the past and change the tense.Empty gnawing and the ache is soaring;Take me places that make more sense.
Debasish Mridha|Don't talk, just listen, and feel with all your heart.
Mahatma Gandhi|Truth is beautiful, without doubt; but so are lies.
Anne Lamott, Grace (Eventually): Thoughts on Faith|I used to think that eighty was a very old age. Now I am ninety. I do not think this any more. As long as you are able to admire and to love, you are young.
Preeth Nambiar, The Solitary Shores|Love has a meaning beyond all that we see and experience. To reach a stage where we realise this and do not expect anything for our love, we will need to undergo a number of experiences that will purify ourselves into the highest level where we find love inside everything we see and in anything we do. We are the embodiment of love, the very essence of universal love.
Thomas à Kempis, The Imitation of Christ|Learned arguments do not make a man holy and righteous, whereas a good life makes him dear to God.
Jon Acuff|In the school of success, information is the greatest asset. The more you read, the more you discover, the more you discover, the more you recover and the better your life become.
Nick Vujicic, Give Me A Hug : 8 Life Lessons From Nick Your Kids Cannot Miss|Thanks for being the kind of person who likes to pick up a book. That's a genuinely great thing. I met a librarian recently who said she doesn't read because books are her job and when she goes home, she just wants to switch off. I think we can agree that that's creepy as hell.
B. Justin Shier, Zero Sight|I spilled my cup of coffee straight onto my crotch. Superior heat retention has its drawbacks. I grimaced as the scalding liquid reached ground zero, but as I did my best to angle my jeans away from the Resnick family's last hope, my seatmate decided to dispose of her hoodie.I juggled two pressing needs:1) Protect the nethers.2) Leer
John Locke|We were born to die and we die to live. As seedlings of God, we barely blossom on earth; we fully flower in heaven.
May Sarton, Selected Poems|It is time I came back to my real lifeAfter this voyage to an island with no name,Where I lay down at sunrise drunk with light.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|I don't have much interest in building mystery. Mystery bores me. It chores me. I know what happens and so do you. It's the machinations that wheel us there that aggravate, perplex, interest, and astound me.
S.T. Rogers, A Wonderful World: The End of Times|You hunt and catch your own food. Am I correct?""We are fierce predators of the night," DeChevue said proudly.Edwin tried again, "You hunt and gather your own food?"DeChevue still didn't get it. "Yes, M'sieur. We hunt, proudly.""You know, there is a special name for people who have to catch and kill everything they eat.""And that name has been the terror of the night from the dawn of man. Which name would you like? I can supply many. Nosferatu? Das Vampire?""Peasant," Edwin said. "A person who has to provide all his own food is a peasant. How is it that you have lived all this time and are still ignorant of the division of labor?"DeChevue's mouth opened and closed several times. Each time he seemed on the verge of saying something, yet each time words failed him.
Rick Moody, Demonology: Stories|If we define optimism broadly as the tendency to maintain a positive outlook, then realistic optimism is the tendency to maintain a positive outlook within the constraints of the available "measurable phenomena situated in the physical and social world" (DeGrandpre, 2000, p. 733). With respect to fuzzy meaning, realistic optimism involves enhancing and focusing on the favorable aspects of our experiences. Examples include being lenient in our evaluation of past events, actively appreciating the positive aspects of our current situation, and routinely emphasizing possible opportunities for the future. With respect to fuzzy knowledge, realistic optimism involves hoping, aspiring, and searching for positive experiences while acknowledging what we do not know and accepting what we cannot know.
David Eddings, Crystal Gorge|Why do some trees stay green while others change their color?”“Certain trees need to show off, dear. I’m sure that my big brother could explain why it happens. Dahlaine loves to explain things, and he can be very tedious about it. I prefer simpler answers. The trees are sad because summer’s almost over.
Eyden I., Woman's Book: Only For Men|Maybe women forget days, but they always remember moments.
Santosh Kalwar, Quote Me Everyday|Have you ever seen the stars in the night? See them closely, they will tell you, how to be open, how to love and how to shine and twinkle without any differences and jealousy of other stars.
Christopher Isherwood, A Single Man|George smiles to himself, with entire self-satisfaction. Yes, I am crazy, he thinks. That is my secret; my strength.
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|Two-thirds of all preachers, doctors and lawyers are hanging on to the coat tails of progress, shouting, whoa! while a good many of the rest are busy strewing banana peels along the line of march.
Miguel Ruiz, The Four Agreements: A Practical Guide to Personal Freedom|Prayer for LoveThank You, Creator of the Universe for the gift of Life you have given me,Thank You for giving me everything that I have ever needed,Thank You for the opportunity to experience this beautiful body and this wonderful mind,Thank You for living inside me with all Your Love and Your pure and boundless Spirit,with Your warm and radiating Light.Thank You for using my words, for using my eyes, for using my heart to share your love wherever I go.I love You just the way you are and because I am your creation, I love myself just the way I am.Help me to keep the Love and the Peace in my Heart and to make that Love a new way of life, that I may live in Love the rest of my life.Amen.
Thomas Kretschmann|Seeing Michelle Obama's bright color choices, and how she made people smile and reinforced Obama's platforms of hope and change, was inspiring.
Ehsan Sehgal|The hatred is not a feeling; it is a poisoning disease of mental and heart. One should eliminate before it outbreaks since it undermines the prestige, pride and national image.
Will Rogers|I don't want to play golf. When I hit a ball, I want someone else to go chase it.
Eileen Anglin|Love, positivity and gratitude are the most essential ingredients to a happy and fulfilled life.
Hans Jürgen Eysenck, Decline and Fall of the Freudian Empire|what is new in his theories is not true, and what is true in his theories is not new.
Emma Winters, Equal Parts|No being has the right to say to another, "Do this, or I will hurt you".
Debasish Mridha|Education should enable a student to think rationally, critically, and ultimately to understand, accept, and adapt with new and old ideas.
Gene Wolfe, The Claw of the Conciliator|Instead,she's as stillas a leaf-littered pond,dark water evaporating,waiting desperately for rain.
Ray Bradbury|And strange were the tales of the pond in the meadow,And eager we listened with eyes opened wideTo Those tales often told by poor Mary the widow,Who lived in a cottage the meadow beside.Play not, my dear boys, near the pond in the meadow,The mermaid is waiting to pull you beneath;Climb not for a bird’s nest, the bough it may sliver,And the mermaid will drag you to darkness and death.
Swarnakanthi Rajapakse, The Master's Daughter|Our innocent kids undergo much trouble. Not only do the children of high caste families look down upon our children calling them low caste brats, but even some teachers ridicule them. They beat our children for no reason.
Celeste Ng, Everything I Never Told You|When a long, long time later, he stares down at the silent blue marble of the earth and thinks of his sister, as he will at every important moment of his life. He doesn't know this yet, but he senses it deep down in his core. So much will happen, he thinks, that I would want to tell you.
Brian  Mills, A Lighter Me: Bariatric Surgery|If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change. -Wayne Dyer
Steven Aitchison|I often choose to be alone, but I never feel lonely.
Dennis Prager, Think a Second Time|Once, during the drinking phase, Wendy had accused him of desiring his own destruction but not possessing the necessary moral fiber to support a full-blown deathwish. So he manufactured ways in which other people could do it, lopping a piece at a time off himself and their family.
Simone de Beauvoir, The Second Sex|In truth, to go for a walk with one's eyes open is enough to demonstrate that humanity is divided into two classes of individuals whose clothes, faces, bodies, smiles, gaits, interests, and occupations are manifestly different. Perhaps these differences are superficial, perhaps they are destined to disappear. What is certain is that right now they do most obviously exist.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Adventure of the Greek Interpreter|My dear Watson," said [Sherlock Holmes], "I cannot agree with those who rank modesty among the virtues. To the logician all things should be seen exactly as they are, and to underestimate one's self is as much a departure from truth as to exaggerate one's own powers.
Henry Adams, The Education of Henry Adams|When death comes you do not stay for one minute in the place it has visited. Many things arrive after death-sadness, questions, and policemen- and none of these can be answered when your papers are not in order.
P.D. James, The Private Patient|The city which lay below was a charnel house built on multi-layered bones centuries older than those which lay beneath the cities of Hamburg or Dresden. Was this knowledge part of the mystery it held for her, a mystery felt most strongly on a bell-chimed Sunday on her solitary exploration of its hidden alleys and squares? Time had fascinated her from childhood, its apparent power to move at different speeds, the dissolution it wrought on minds and bodies, her sense that each moment, all moments past and those to come, were fused into an illusory present which with every breath became the unalterable, indestructible past. In the City of London these moments were caught and solidified in stone and brick, in churches and monuments and in bridges which spanned the grey-brown ever-flowing Thames. She would walk out in spring or summer as early as six o'clock, double-locking the front door behind her, stepping into a silence more profound and mysterious than the absence of noise. Sometimes in this solitary perambulation it seenmed that her own footsteps were muted, as if some part of her were afraid to waken the dead who had walked thse streets and had known the same silence.
Michael A. Rockwell|Dreams are meant to be realized, not broken.
Thomas Jefferson, Letters of Thomas Jefferson|There's a difference between playing and playing games. The former is an act of joy, the latter — an act.
Sara Wolf, Lovely Vicious|How did you find me? If you hacked into the Club’s computer to look up my appointments - "“Whoa, I think you overestimate me, shitlord. Last time I checked all I did was be in the wrong place at the right time. I saw you and had to - ”“Stalk me.”“ - delicately approach you. In a sideways manner. From behind. Without being seen at all. For ten minutes.
R. Y.S. Perez, I Hope You Fall in Love: Poetry Collection|Rather than condemning people for their wrong deeds, love and pray for them because everyone has their shortcomings
Mike Quigley|If Ralph Nader runs, President Bush is going to be re-elected, and if Ralph Nader doesn't run, President Bush is going to be re-elected. We're going to run on the president's strong and principled leadership and his positive agenda for a second term.
Helen  Bell, Shadowless: Book 1 of the Ilmaen Quartet|For all I know, the guy is Dracula.
Leigh Bardugo, Wonder Woman: Warbringer|Human courage was different from Amazon bravery. She saw that now. For all the suspicion and derision she'd heard from her mother and her sisters about the mortal world, Diana couldn't help but admire the people with whom she traveled. Their lives were violent, precarious, fragile, but they fought for them anyway, and held to the hope that their brief stay on this earth might count for something. That faith was worth preserving.
Stephen Herfst, Zed|And then, anger gave way to pure and simple job satisfaction. I mean, when I looked at a dead zombie head on a spike, I thought, "Hey, I did that. Picasso would have been proud. Especially how I rearranged that eye
Che Guevara|Love is anterior to life, posterior to death, initial of creation, and the exponent of breath.
Luigina Sgarro|If we could imagine, while we live them, to what mundane moments nostalgia manages to stick itself...
Bradley Wiggins|When I got out of coaching, I had taught a class at the University of California, an extension class on football for fans. I was looking for tools. I was showing them films. I was going to write a textbook. Trip Hawkins came to me about making it a game for computers.
Maria V. Snyder, Magic Study|Another relative?" Valek asked.A broad smile stretched Moon Man's lips. "Yes. I am her mother's uncle's wife'sthird cousin."--Valek and Moon Man
Jim Harrison|When 'Apollo 13' appeared as an opportunity and I began to tackle that in as authentic a way as I possibly could, I really became enthralled by the philosophical side of space travel and why we need to explore - what it means to us here on Earth - all of those things. I became a huge proponent.
Karen Marie Moning, Faefever|Really, Sage? A date?"I sighed. "Yes, Adrian. A date."A real date. Not, like, doing homework together," he added. "I mean like where you go out to a movie or something. And a movie that's not part of a school assignment. Or about something boring.""A real date." I figured I wouldn't give him the specifics on the Shakespheare play."What's the lucky guy's name?""Brayden."There was a pause. "Brayden? That his real name?""Why are you asking if everything's real? You think I'd make any of this up?""No, no," Adrian assured me. "That what's so ynbelievable about it. Is he cute?"I glanced at the clock. It was time for me to meet my study group. "Gee, maybe I should just send you a picture to review?""Yes, please. And a full background check and life history.""I have to go. Why do you care so much anyway?" I finally asked in exasperation.His answer took a long time, which was uncharacteristic.
Bharath Mamidoju|To me love is like a environment that affords everyone’s growth, today I will not hold onto those who love me, when I experience true love I can be blamable for the right environment for the people to progress in their lives.
Jandy Nelson, The Sky Is Everywhere|I always thought of it like you said, that all the strings inside him broke. But there are a thousand ways to look at it: maybe the strings break, or maybe our ships sink, or maybe we’re grass—our roots so interdependent that no one is dead as long as someone is alive. We don’t suffer from a shortage of metaphors, is what I mean. But you have to be careful which metaphor you choose, because it matters. If you choose the strings, then you’re imagining a world in which you can become irreparably broken. If you choose the grass, you’re saying that we are all infinitely interconnected, that we can use these root systems not only to understand one another but to become one another. The metaphors have implications. Do you know what I mean?
Sri Jibankrishna or Diamond|hapIf you're brighter than a lightning bug, don't show your ass
William Nicholson, Shadowlands|HARRINGTON: And God hears your prayer, doesn't he? We hear Joy's getting better....LEWIS: That's not why I pray, Harry. I pray because I can't help myself. I pray because I'm helpless. I pray because the need flows out of me, waking and sleeping. It doesn't change God, it changes me.
Henry Anatole Grunwald|My kids are just waiting for me at home. I'm their father. They're wondering, 'When's Daddy coming home?'
Shinichi Suzuki, Nurtured by Love: The Classic Approach to Talent Education|Everyone makes mistakes, but only a person with integrity owns up to them.
Sunday Adelaja|Unfortunately, people don’t know how they are created and live making grave mistakes, losing their peace, destroying their mentality and failing to fulfill their callings
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Self-Reliance|Dan Ariely, author of Predictably Irrational, a book that offers an entertaining and engaging overview of behavioral economics.
مُضر آل أحميّد|Freedom is the backbone of Islam, and it is guaranteed for all humans. Whether you are a Muslim, Christian, Jew, agnostic or an atheist; one is free to believe in what they want. Other people have no religious obligation to impose their beliefs on you; in fact, they have an obligation NOT to.
Craig S. Keener, Gift & Giver: The Holy Spirit for Today|The Bible explains that Satan is real, nurses a serious grudge and has impressive power. But having been created, he has limitations. He can never be equal to God in anything."--Kristine McGuire, An Insider's Guide to Spiritual Warfare, Chapter 3, "Know Your Enemy.
E.M. Forster, The Celestial Omnibus and other Stories|In their silence they continued both to protect me and to punish me. The memory of that night was now the only tie between us, eclipsing everything else.
Kruthika Swaminathan|Disasters are called natural, as if nature were the executioner and not the victim
Jim Brown|My brother and I have matching tattoos on our arms. It says, 'Humility is strength,' in Portuguese and Italian, because my genius brother taught English in both Italy and Brazil.
Edward John Trelawny, Adventures of a Younger Son|Let me, however, although no verbal critic, protest against the profanation of the word friend. In this my history I must be honest, make a distinction between the oriental diamond and its worthless imitation of paste, and separate the grain from the chaff — gossamer words, that weigh nothing, from substantial realities heavier than gold.
Jamsetji Tata|We do not claim to be more unselfish, more generous or more philanthropic than other people. But we think we started on sound and straightforward business principles, considering the interests of the shareholders our own, and the health and welfare of the employees, the sure foundation of our success.
Emma Watson|Yes, I am scared of prison. It's the last thing if you are after building up a business over 38 years and you are approaching your 66th birthday and you never owed a man a penny and you feel hard done by and you try to protect yourself and your family and go to prison - if that is the society we are living in, I am happy to accept that.
Maggie Gyllenhaal|I got this idea about being afraid to let go of something and being afraid of sinking into a state of almost anesthesia, where you have to trust other people. Just the paranoia of it all. And it seemed to suit the frenetic track. So I just wrote it out and, you know, said it.
Baylee Crush, Test Drive: Part 2|Make no mistake, I will romance you, Kane Dalton, just not now. Right now I need to fuck you.Fuck you hard, and soft, and then do it all over again." Avery ran his nose over Kane's ear and back into his hair, breathing him in as if Kane were his only life source. "Take off my jeans. Touch me. Ineed to feel your hands on me. I crave your touch. Please.
Henryk Sienkiewicz, In Desert and Wilderness|They did not, however, infect the air as the Sudanese sun dried them up like mummies; all had the hue of gray parchment, and were so much alike that the bodies of the Europeans, Egyptians, and negroes could not be distinguished from each other.
Cammie McGovern, Neighborhood Watch|The sound of her breathing reminded me, as it so often did, of how vulnerable she was. And how vulnerable we were because of how much we loved her. The fear - that something could happen to her at any moment, something I'd be helpless to stop - had become so omnipresent in my life that I sometimes pictured it growing, like a third arm, out of the center of my chest.
Chris Hedges|A revolution is not a dinner party, or writing an essay, or painting a picture, or doing embroidery; it cannot be so refined, so leisurely and gentle, so temperate, kind, courteous, restrained and magnanimous. A revolution is an insurrection, an act of violence by which one class overthrows another.
Jitendra Anne|Its better you make suffer yourself instead of making others to suffer , it's justified.
Chandler Burr, You or Someone Like You|Howard adores Sam's looks. He loves the strong cut of jaw made satin with thickening peach fuzz, loses himself in the green eyes. Howard stares at them like a lover, but always obliquely. (Sometimes we watch our son from a distance. "I wonder what he's thinking," Howard will say.)
Unknown|If you want to leave your footprints on the sands of time, be sure you’re wearing work shoes.
Jared Diamond, Guns, Germs, and Steel: The Fates of Human Societies|Twelve thousand years ago, everybody on earth was a hunter-gatherer; now almost all of us are farmers or else are fed by farmers. The spread of farming from those few sites of origin usually did not occur as a result of the hunter-gatherers' elsewhere adopting farming; hunter-gatherers tend to be conservative.... Instead, farming spread mainly through farmers' outbreeding hunters, developing more potent technology, and then killing the hunters or driving them off of all lands suitable for agriculture.
Stephen Richards|You have two voices: the one you speak with and the one you think with. While the former is the one others hear, of greater importance is the one you hear.
Jodi Picoult|If you're changing the world, you're working on important things. You're excited to get up in the morning.
Robert Clifton Storey Jr|Life crumples me like paper,Tight, smashed, discarded. But crumpled paper soon unfolds, Opening slowly, sharing what was once hidden inside,Allowing my story to be revealed.
Waleed Uz Zaman Khan|One day I was thinking about my past,It was really impossible to lose because the every moment in past was Mind blowing. <3
Michael A. Smith, Spiritual Warfare A Survival Guide To Daily Living|don't make the mistake of not following your dreams as most do,but plan out your day and except change
Deeanne Gist, A Bride Most Begrudging|Look. Isn't he beautiful?"Drew's expression softened. "Ah, Nellie. He's bald, pink, and has no teeth. What's so beautiful about that?"Nellie's laugh tinkled out like musical chimes while she covered the babe back up.
Julie   Johnson, The Someday Girl|People are always waiting around for that magical person who’ll walk into their life and fix them, who’ll offer up some vital piece they’ve been missing and make them complete. They spend years trying to fit their broken edges against another person’s and call themselves whole and healed. The only problem with this, of course, is that expecting anyone else to fix you is an unequivocal disaster.You can't wait for a man to come around and put you back together. You have to put yourself back together first, and become the kind of woman who deserves a good man.
Roman Payne|The season was waning fastOur nights were growing cold at lastI took her to bed with silk and song,'Lay still, my love, I won’t be long...I must prepare my body for passion.''O, your body you give, but all else you ration.''It is because of these dreams of a sylvan scene...A bleeding nymph to leave me serene...I have dreams of a trembling wench.''You have dreams,' she said, 'that cannot be quenched.''Our passion,' said I, 'should never be feared...As our longing for love can never be cured...Our want is our way and our way is our will...We have the love, my love, that no one can kill.''If night is your love, then in dreams you’ll fulfill...This love, our love, that no one can kill.'Yet want is my way, and my way is my will,Thus I killed my love with a sleeping pill.
Eugene O'Neill|The greatest destroyer of peace is abortion because if a mother can kill her own child, what is left for me to kill you and you to kill me? There is nothing between.
Jimmy Kimmel|I've always liked older women. One sad thing about being my age is that there are no older women. I used to amuse my mother's friends even at five or six with witty turns of phrase. Somehow, I just knew how to be funny.
Jes Dory, Isle|What do you mean 'has to be?' and what are you smiling at?" I stopped contributing to this ridiculous dance. I grabbed the teapot and began to fill it with water in the sink. Suddenly I felt the slight weight of his body against my back and the corner of his mouth brushed against my ear. "How human you are," he whispered.
Thomas Jefferson, Letters of Thomas Jefferson|Peace may be hard to achieve, but is possible with small yet essential steps that are guided by courage and sufficient commitment.
Foz Meadows|Mocho was a Spanish word that meant maimed or referred to something that had been lopped off like a stump. To call Homer el mocho was, essentially, to call him "Stumpy" or "the maimed one." It doesn't sound particularly flattering, but among Spanish speakers the giving of nicknames is tantamount to a declaration of love. Things that would sound insulting outright in English were tokens of deep affection when said in Spanish.
A. N. Wilson|The hardest thing about being in this business is just being able to be yourself. People act like there's this one set of rules to follow to be a pop star and I think, 'Well, you say I'm a pop star, so maybe that's not true.'
Harold Wilson|If we eat any food, or drink any beverage, we must recite a blessing over them before and after.
Vannary Rang|Touch Me, but not with your hands.
Christina Engela|I know there are many people who don't like me for different reasons cause they feel hurted by me, i am sorry that they feel like that but they need to understand which i am not trying to hurt them or anyone else, i am just trying to do what is right thing, i try to encourage my fellow human to love each others unconditionally cause i do believe we are all each other brothers and sisters and i am trying to ask them to stop following those religious leaders, politics leaders and others which are spreading hate and violence or trying to stand a group of people against other groups which i believe most religious and politics leaders are busy doing that, most important i am asking my brothers and sisters to refuse pick up guns and go war cause God does not allow us to take away someone life but he asked us to resepect the life of others and to love each others uncoditionally so let's love our brothers and sisters like how God want us to do and let's live according God's principle which most important is love.
Alan Shepard|Earth does not need you, you need the earth. To save yourself, save the earth.
Laurie Halse Anderson, The Impossible Knife of Memory|You create silent enemies by revealing how much God had blessed you. There are people who are unhappy about your success and your big dreams are just too heavy for them to bear, so they will try to break you into pieces. Extinguishers of dreams are everywhere, and you can decode them by their nosy attitude towards your affairs. That is why its pertinent to keep few friends, talk less about yourself, and focus on other things pretending as if you don't exist. It doesn't make you faded or out of life, but the chances of getting your prospects destroyed will be very slim.
Kij Johnson, The Man Who Bridged the Mist|In recent months, the emotional aspect has become as necessary to me as the physical. It amuses me, this strange quirk of mine. I want my little captive to love me, to care about me. I want to be more than just the monster of her nightmares.
Ben Nicholson|At this present time, matter is still the best way to think of architecture, but I'm not so sure for very long. The computer is radicalizing the way we think about our world.
Gore Vidal|Ultimately, totalitarianism is the only sort of politics that can truly serve the sky-god's purpose. Any movement of a liberal nature endangers his authority and that of his delegates on earth. One God, one King, one Pope, one master in the factory, one father-leader in the family at home.
Dante Alighieri|This is Nimrod, because of whose vile plan the world no longer speaks a single tongue.
Paash|Carol looked at her. "How do you become a poet?""By feeling things - too much, I suppose," Therese answered conscientiously.
Tim Tharp, The Spectacular Now|As for the fact that Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle apeared to be going their different ways when they were usually inseparable, these things happened as people got older--Ron and Hermione, Harry reflected sadly, were living proof.
Brian Cox, Forces of Nature|There are three known planets in the PSR B1257 system, which have been named Draugr, Poltergeist and Phobetor. Poltergeist was the first to be discovered. I know, I was curious about their names as well. Poletrgeist means "pounding ghost". The draugr are the unded in Norse legends who live in their graves. And Phobetor is the personification of nightmares, and the son of Nyx, Greek goddess of the night.Astronomers are goths.
Willie Nelson, The Tao of Willie: A Guide to the Happiness in Your Heart [With Headphones]|I don't remember Moses writing, 'Thou shalt not kill.. unless you think you have a good reason.
Rajasaraswathii, A Diary to win|If you are capable,then you should not be inactive.
Adam Grant|Respect... is appreciation of the separateness of the other person, of the ways in which he or she is unique.
David Brower|The wild places are where we began. When they end, so do we.
Goitsemang Sandra Mvula|There's no such thing as having something to fall back on in life, there's passion, talent, skills, compassion and purpose. Choice is a prerequisite
Ilchi Lee, LifeParticle Meditation: A Practical Guide to Healing and Transformation|You can encounter the great life within you when you recover the zero point. When you encounter that great life, all limits created by the thoughts and emotions vanish and infinite creativity springs forth.
Avery Flynn, Bang|She rose to her feet, lining her body up with his and closing the gap between them. "What if I need help in a different way?"	"Darlin', I'm a full-service kind of helper." His hand dropped to her left hips, sending a jolt of awareness straight to her clit. "You tell me what ache is building and I'll relieve it." His other hand fell to her right hip and he pulled her close. "Tell me where it itches and I'll scratch it." His cock, hard and thick, pressed against her, letting lose a wave of desire that threatened to overwhelm her. "Show me where it hurts and I'll kiss it better." 	"You make a lot of promises," she managed to get out...	"And I'll deliver on every single one." He dipped his head lower, letting his lips brush across hers. "You can count on it.
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|I just saved your fucking life, Mom...It's like, if you--people of a certain age--would make some effort to just stay in touch with sort of basic, modern-day events, then your kids wouldn't have to take these drastic measures.
Stephen P. Hinshaw, Origins of the Human Mind|...we are a narrative, storytelling species. Revealing our own histories, and understanding those of others can really help us appreciate the humanity in all of our fellow individuals.
Imania Margria|The things I do are known to the world, but why I do them is my secret alone.
Clare Boothe Luce|Write in such a way as that you can be readily understood by both the young and the old, by men as well as women, even by children.
Bertrand Russell, A History of Western Philosophy|Linnaeus and Cuvier have been my two gods, though in very different ways, but they were mere schoolboys to old Aristotle.
Sarah Bessey, Jesus Feminist: An Invitation to Revisit the Bible’s View of Women|Rest in your God-breathed worth. Stop holding your breath, hiding your gifts, ducking your head, dulling your roar, distracting your soul, stilling your hands, quieting your voice, and satiating your hunger with the lesser things of this world.
Sid Vicious|We girls aren't supposed to fall for the good boys.We are supposed to like a bit of grit in our oyster.That's how you get a pearl, after all.
Chris Matakas|white middle-upper class guys in highly educated families have a unique burden placed on us to be the hero of every story that we tell. I don’t think it’s merely that we’re self-centered and arrogant, but that we feel like we’re supposed to be in charge, and if we’re not the hero of the story, we’ve somehow failed in our life duty.group
S.J. Watson, Before I Go to Sleep|With him everything is a test, affection is measured, that given weighed against that which has been received, and the balance, more often than not, disappointing him.
Lori Lesko|O, treacherous Death! You can't be forgiven for vanquishing my creator to the dust...
Jason Krumbine, Just Dial 911 for Assistance|Sometimes Harry thought the deepest split in his personality wasn't anything to do with his dark side; rather it was the divide between the altruistic and forgiving Abstract Reasoning Harry, versus the frustrated and angry Harry In The Moment.
Sanford I. Weill|I loved fairy tales when I was a kid. Grimm. The grimmer the better. I loved gruesome gothic tales and, in that respect, I liked Bible stories, because to me they were very gothic.
Anna Jean Ouellette|Why would you waste a second of your life, when that's one less second you get to live?
Wisława Szymborska|I listened long to your story,Listened but could not hear.When you chose to walk that path so overgrown,I remained alone with my fear.Cold silence covers the distance,Stretches from shore to shore.I follow in my mind your far-off journeying,But I will walk that path no more.
Dean C. Moore, Karma Chameleon|When people did stupid things around him, that was usually the last thing they did.
Olaotan Fawehinmi, The Soldier Within|Success, Bill Gates said, is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose.Same goes for good looking people. Beauty reduces the consciousness that it takes more to catch the heart of the right partner.We often think being good at one thing is all we need to succeed, but hey, success is less of what you are good at, but more of what you are good for.Of what use is beauty with no brains, culture without character, knowledge that does not impact, or skill that does not add value?For any seemingly "good" thing to last, great attention we must pay to the unseen intrinsic component that sustains it.
merlin8thomas|GOD PUNISHES NOT FOR WORLD TO LAUGH,I AM NOT A EMOTIONLESS PAPER OF GRAPH,EVEN I AM NOT THE WORLD'S STAFF,DON'T ANGRY THINKING ME A CALF.
Umberto Eco, The Prague Cemetery|It started long before this, when stars were mere particles in swirling clouds of dust. And every event since has conspired to bring us together.
Alone Together Why We Expect More from Technology and Less from Each Other|Pete says that his online marriage is an essential part of his "life mix." I ask him about this expression. I have never heard it before. Pete explains that the life mix is the mash-up of what you have on- and offline. Now, we ask not of our satisfactions in life but in our life mix. We have moved from multitasking to multi-lifing.
Gino Segrè, Ordinary Geniuses: Max Delbruck, George Gamow, and the Origins of Genomics andBig Bang Cosmology|Some individuals have the courage to make it, even feel the need to do so; for them the quest is a necessity, not an option. Most people setting out on such journeys are never heard from again, but part of the romance of any field lies in keeping the dream alive, in not settling for what is familiar and comfortable.
Isaac Asimov, The Caves of Steel|I cannot read God's mind, however I can read God's Word.
Kevin Hearne, Trapped|Life is not interested in good and evil. Don Quixote was constantly choosing between good and evil, but then he was choosing in his dream state. He was mad. He entered reality only when he was so busy trying to cope with people that he had no time to distinguish between good and evil. Since people exist only in life, they must devote their time simply to being alive. Life is motion, and motion is concerned with what makes man move—which is ambition, power, pleasure. What time a man can devote to morality, he must take by force from the motion of which he is a part. He is compelled to make choices between good and evil sooner or later, because moral conscience demands that from him in order that he can live with himself tomorrow. His moral conscience is the curse he had to accept from the gods in order to gain from them the right to dream.
Pedro Okoro, Crushing the Devil: Your Guide to Spiritual Warfare and Victory in Christ|I too was pinched off from a piece of clay, I too modeled by omnipotence and flankedby things too wonderful for me
Sarah Hall, The Electric Michelangelo|Do you prefer fermented or distilled?This is a trick question. It doesn’t matter how much you like wine, because wine is social and writing is anti-social. This is a writer’s interview, writing is a lonely job, and spirits are the lubricant of the lonely. You might say all drinking is supposed to be social but there’s a difference, at one in the morning while you’re hunched over your computer, between opening up a bottle of Chardonnay and pouring two-fingers of bourbon into a tumbler. A gin martini, of course, splits the difference nicely, keeping you from feeling like a deadline reporter with a smoldering cigarette while still reminding you that your job is to be interesting for a living. Anyone who suggests you can make a martini with vodka, by the way, is probably in need of electroconvulsive therapy.
Shawn Lukas|We still talk in terms of conquest,” she observed. “We still haven’t become mature enough to think of ourselves as only a tiny part of a vast and incredible universe.” Without hesitating, she delivered her final blow: “I think we’re challenged as mankind has never been challenged before, to prove our maturity and our mastery, not of nature, but of ourselves.
Robert Holdstock, The Hollowing|I’m glad your self-righteousness has given you some exercise, but you forget: we are not such a tidy, reasonable, and humane race. Our thoughts don’t stand in grammatical rows, our hearts don’t draw equations, our consciences don’t have the benefit of historians whispering the answers to us.
Sam Harris, Waking Up: A Guide to Spirituality Without Religion|I found one observation that is people are just stuck in technology and they just want to sit next to the computer and work hard on the internet or whatever it may be and so the mind started to dominate them. Just think if all humans just want to sit next to the computer then what will happen, comfort zone demands more comfort zone. The more we lessen physical activity, more will be the frustrations and agitations, it's time to act physically more and more, our physical dimension is more powerful than psychological dimension, just work upon it by doing yoga or other intense activities, if we do these #intense activities "consciously" then the mind will work the way we want it. The act could be anything like having a cup of tea, having a drink of water, playing chess, walking, talking, listening, all these activities should come to the place in tune with #consciousness.
Robert Louis Stevenson|Within my heart a garden grows,wild with violets and fragrant rose.Bright daffodils line the narrow path,my footsteps silent as I pass.Sweet tulips nod their heads in rest;I kneel in prayer to seek God's best.For round my garden a fence stands firmto guard my heart so I can learnwho should enter, and who should waiton the other side of my locked gate.I clasp the key around my neckand wonder if the time is yet.If I unlocked the gate today, would you come in? Or run away?
Kenneth Eade, Beyond All Recognition|We had won the war, but when the insurgency reared its ugly head, we lost everything we had gained.
Scarlett Avery|When you succumb to obedience, in an erotic sense, you are not giving away a part of yourself, but seeking something new, something other, within yourself.
Robert Dykstra, She Never Said Good-Bye|The goal with hostages is to gradually lower expectations; in nonhostage crises, it's to lower emotions.
Laura Anderson Kurk, Perfect Glass|Thanet is having a moment,” I said, leaning forward so Quinn could see him.“What’s wrong, man?” Quinn said. “Were you not aware high school dances suck? That they always have sucked and they will continue sucking as long as the world turns?
Dave Matthes, Paradise City|I feel no nostalgia for our childhood: it was full of violence. Every sort of thing happened, at home and outside, every day, but I don't recall having ever thought that the life we had there was particularly bad. Life was like that, that's all, we grew up with the duty to make it difficult for others before they made it difficult for us.
Federico Chini, The Sea Of Forgotten Memories|Writing is like sculpturing words out of a block of imagination. Sentences chisel the story, then characters make it their own.
Nenia Campbell, Fearscape|People only picked the pretty, sweet-smelling flowers. The ones with thorns were left alone.
Subodh Gupta, Stress Management a Holistic Approach|When Life Sucks, Get an awesome blowjob from her.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|I agree that dreaming in not a crime, so I can dream as big as I can.
Ilze Falb, Thinkilzing|Do you want to know why I don't like the so-called connoisseurs of arts? I hate hypocrisy. I'll give you an example: if the movie is colored and tells us about two friends who sit in the pool, fart into the water, get out of the pool and fart into each other's face it will be thrash, a lack of a culture and a third-rate comedy. But if the movie is black-and-white and tells us about two friends who cross the desert and peeing on each other, shit on the sand, and then they eat each other's shit, and on top of that they fucking each other's ass it will be a brilliant art house movie.
CV|Point of view." I never got that phrase, point of view; doesn’t everyone have a point in their view? If not thenthey don’t have a view on a certain topic they are just indifferent. Anyone who has a view certainly cares enough to have apoint!
Melody Carlson|I grew up watching a lot of stuff, like 'Teen Titans.'
Judith-Victoria Douglas, Ariel's Cottage|We might feel that we must demonstrate explicitly when we’re upset, or not upset. This perceived need may stem from our family of origin, from how we learned to be heard when a simple “no” wasn’t enough. We may have learned to mask certain feelings, or portray feelings that weren’t ours. But as adults we each need to learn to state our personal truth without having to prove it or shout it.
Akshay Vasu|To think I actually talked to the boy who nearly got you killed," Ivy mutters, shuddering with disgust. "I'm so sorry I did.""It's okay. You didn't know," I reassure her as we take a seat on some pool chairs."But you told me before what his appearance was. I should have recognized him!""It's fine, Ivy. Even if you did your best to avoid him, he would've found way to hit on you eventually."Ivy wrinkles her nose at the unfamiliar language. " 'Hit on'? What does that mean?""Flirting. Or, for Dunstan, more like a procedure. He's been hitting on any pretty girl he sees ever since he and Melanie broke up. I don't know if he's doing this to make her jealous or what, but it's really annoying."I look back up to see Ivy go rigid. For some reason she looks classically surprised; her hand is over her mouth, and the rosy blush is back with a vengeance,"Ivy? You okay?"Ivy removes her hand, muttering something so quietly I can't hear it."Sorry?""You called me pretty." The moment those words are said, Ivy stares down at her feet as her face gets brighter."Well, yeah," I murmur, my face hot. "You really are beautiful tonight, Ivy.
J.R. Ward, Dark Lover|Whoa. Fangs. She had fangs.She leaned in, prodded them a little. Eating with those puppies was going to take some getting used to, she thought.On impulse, she brought up her hands, turned her fingers into claws. Hissed.Cool.
Susan Wiggs, The Apple Orchard|You know that when a police officer refuses to produce formal identification on request, they are probably engaging in some form of corruption.
Abe Musaibli|Better to say nothing at all, rather than something you'll regret.
Aristotle|A good director creates an environment, which gives the actor the encouragement to fly.
T. Scott McLeod, All That Is Unspoken|What America is, to me, is a guy doesn't want to buy, you let him not buy, you respect his not buying. A guy has a crazy notion different from your crazy notion, you pat him on the back and say, Hey pal, nice crazy notion, let's go have a beer. America, to me, should be shouting all the time, a bunch of shouting voices, most of them wrong, some of them nuts, but please, not just one droning glamorous reasonable voice.
Charles de Lint, Dreams Underfoot|Do the other kids make fun of you? For how you talk?''Sometimes.''So why don't you do something about it? You could learn to talk differently, you know.'But this is my voice. How would you be able to tell when I was talking?
Richard Stallman|Good luck is when opportunity meets preparation, while bad luck is when lack of preparation meets reality.
|If you are going to think about your problems, by all means let your thoughts focus on the solutions to them. Worrying and crying have never solved a single problem on earth.
Arnold Schwarzenegger, Total Recall: My Unbelievably True Life Story|We had a strict routine that nothing could change: we'd get up at six, and it would be my job or Meinhard's to get milk from the farm door. When w were a little older and starting to play sports, exercises were added to the chores, and we had to earn our breakfast by doing sit-ups. In the afternoon, we'd finish our homework and chores, and my father would make us practice soccer no matter how bad the weather was.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Holy God, Holy words.
Mary J. Blige|I'm not gonna be broke, like my mom was broke, my uncles were broke, my sisters didn't have money, my cousins on down.
Terry Pratchett, Mort|Ankh-Morpork had dallied with many forms of government and had ended up with that form of democracy known as One Man, One Vote. The Patrician was the Man; he had the Vote.
Rozsika Parker, The Subversive Stitch: Embroidery and the Making of the Feminine|Kate Walker´s attitude is characteristic of contemporary feminists' determination not to reject femininity but to empty the term of its negative connotations, to reclaim and refashion the category: "I have never worried that embroidery's association with femininity, sweetness, passivity and obedience may subvert my work's feminist intention. Femininity and sweetness are part of women's strength. Passivity and obedience, moreover, are the very opposites of the qualities necessary to make a sustained effort in needlework. What's required are physical and mental skills, fine aesthetic judgement in colour, texture and composition; patient during long training: and assertive individuality of design (and consequence disobedience of aesthetic convention). Quiet strength need not be mistaken for useless vulnerability".
Doug "Ten" Rose|Enjoy, smile... wild... peace.
Terry Pratchett, Wintersmith|The problem, simply put, is that we cannot choose everything simultaneously. So we live in danger of becoming paralyzed by indecision, terrified that every choice might be the wrong choice.
Louis Zamperini, Devil at My Heels|The cause of all trouble, the root of all sorrow, the dread of every man lies in this one small word—sin. It has crippled the nature of man . . .It has caused man to be caught in the devil’s trap.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|1. Given the choice of anyone in the world, whom would you want as a dinner guest?2. Would you like to be famous? In what way?3. Before making a telephone call, do you ever rehearse what you are going to say? Why?4. What would constitute a “perfect” day for you?5. When did you last sing to yourself? To someone else?6. If you were able to live to the age of 90 and retain either the mind or body of a 30-year-old for the last 60 years of your life, which would you want?7. Do you have a secret hunch about how you will die?8. Name three things you and your partner appear to have in common.9. For what in your life do you feel most grateful?10. If you could change anything about the way you were raised, what would it be?11. Take four minutes and tell your partner your life story in as much detail as possible.12. If you could wake up tomorrow having gained any one quality or ability, what would it be?13. If a crystal ball could tell you the truth about yourself, your life, the future or anything else, what would you want to know?14. Is there something that you’ve dreamed of doing for a long time? Why haven’t you done it?15. What is the greatest accomplishment of your life?16. What do you value most in a friendship?17. What is your most treasured memory?18. What is your most terrible memory?19. If you knew that in one year you would die suddenly, would you change anything about the way you are now living? Why?20. What does friendship mean to you?21. What roles do love and affection play in your life?22. Alternate sharing something you consider a positive characteristic of your partner. Share a total of five items.23. How close and warm is your family? Do you feel your childhood was happier than most other people’s?24. How do you feel about your relationship with your mother?25. Make three true “we” statements each. For instance, “We are both in this room feeling ... “26. Complete this sentence: “I wish I had someone with whom I could share ... “27. If you were going to become a close friend with your partner, please share what would be important for him or her to know.28. Tell your partner what you like about them; be very honest this time, saying things that you might not say to someone you’ve just met.29. Share with your partner an embarrassing moment in your life.30. When did you last cry in front of another person? By yourself?31. Tell your partner something that you like about them already.32. What, if anything, is too serious to be joked about?33. If you were to die this evening with no opportunity to communicate with anyone, what would you most regret not having told someone? Why haven’t you told them yet?34. Your house, containing everything you own, catches fire. After saving your loved ones and pets, you have time to safely make a final dash to save any one item. What would it be? Why?35. Of all the people in your family, whose death would you find most disturbing? Why?36. Share a personal problem and ask your partner’s advice on how he or she might handle it. Also, ask your partner to reflect back to you how you seem to be feeling about the problem you have chosen.
John Buchan|While the world wasn't build for the humans, we were built for the world
Pope Francis|May God save the country, for it is evident that the people will not.
Maureen Johnson, Madness Underneath, The|You can't curl up on the sofa and deny life forever. Life is always going to be a series of ouch-making moments, and the question was, was I going to go all fetal-position or was I going to woman up?
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|One of the best guides to how to be self-loving is to give ourselves the love we are often dreaming about receiving from others. There was a time when I felt lousy about my over-forty body, saw myself as too fat, too this, or too that. Yet I fantasized about finding a lover who would give me the gift of being loved as I am. It is silly, isn't it, that I would dream of someone else offering to me the acceptance and affirmation I was withholding from myself. This was a moment when the maxim "You can never love anybody if you are unable to love yourself" made clear sense. And I add, "Do not expect to receive the love from someone else you do not give yourself.
Sena Jeter Naslund, Four Spirits|If you remembered somebody was as real as yourself, how could you kill anybody?
Felicia Day, You're Never Weird on the Internet|To call the place an anthill would be like calling the Versailles Palace a single-family home. Earthen ramparts rose almost to the tops of the surrounding trees--a hundred feet at least. The circumference could have accommodated a Roman hippodrome. A steady stream of soldiers and drones swarmed in and out of the mound. Some carried fallen trees. One, inexplicably, was dragging a 1967 Chevy Impala.
W.H. Auden, The Dyer's Hand|A child's reading is guided by pleasure, but his pleasure is undifferentiated; he cannot distinguish, for example, between aesthetic pleasure and the pleasures of learning or daydreaming. In adolescence we realize that there are different kinds of pleasure, some of which cannot be enjoyed simultaneously, but we need help from others in defining them. Whether it be a matter of taste in food or taste in literature, the adolescent looks for a mentor in whose authority he can believe. He eats or reads what his mentor recommends and, inevitably, there are occasions when he has to deceive himself a little; he has to pretend that he enjoys olives or War and Peace a little more than he actually does. Between the ages of twenty and forty we are engaged in the process of discovering who we are, which involves learning the difference between accidental limitations which it is our duty to outgrow and the necessary limitations of our nature beyond which we cannot trespass with impunity. Few of us can learn this without making mistakes, without trying to become a little more of a universal man than we are permitted to be. It is during this period that a writer can most easily be led astray by another writer or by some ideology. When someone between twenty and forty says, apropos of a work of art, 'I know what I like,'he is really saying 'I have no taste of my own but accept the taste of my cultural milieu', because, between twenty and forty, the surest sign that a man has a genuine taste of his own is that he is uncertain of it. After forty, if we have not lost our authentic selves altogether, pleasure can again become what it was when we were children, the proper guide to what we should read.
Karen Finneyfrock, The Sweet Revenge of Celia Door|DYING IS NOT HOTBy Celia the DarkCool is no longer cool because cool is now hot,and school isn't school if you are skipping.Then the neighborhood is school and John,the creepy dropout guy is teaching.And it isn't cool because the cool kids stay in school,where the other cool kids tell them them how hot they areand they wouldn't want to miss a dance for cutting.Kids who skip school were never cool or hot butalready dumped into the trashcan with leftover lunch pizza,bruised into a locker, asking their parents for extra lunch moneyso they can smoke and act like they never cared anyway.And skipping school's not cool but it is schoolbecause that's where they learn what the uncool learnabout life and dying.
Pope Francis|He who has health, has hope; and he who has hope, has everything.
Elliot Richardson|Hitler never abandoned the cloak of legality; he recognized the enormous psychological value of having the law on his side. Instead, he turned the law inside out and made illegality legal.
Debasish Mridha|The deeper you love, the deeper you can feel, and the deeper you will understand love.
Laurence Overmire|There is no nobler profession, nor no greater calling, than to be among those unheralded many who gave and give their lives to the preservation of human knowledge, passed with commitment and care from one generation to the next.
Kourtney Kardashian|There's no one else I would rather have as my manager than my mom because I know that she has our best interests at heart. Sometimes, it's hard to separate manager mode from mom mode. I think as our manager, my mom will get more emotional about situations than she would if she was just our manager.
Donald Pillai|We should associate only with positive, focused people who we can learn from and who will not drain our valuable energy with complaining and uninspiring attitudes. When we develop and maintain relationships with those who are committed to constant improvement and the pursuit of the best that life has to offer, we will have plenty of company on our path to the top of whatever mountain we seek to climb.
Knut Hamsun, Mysteries|I can't even make up a rhyme about an umbrella, let alone death and life and eternal peace.
Roland Barthes, The Language of Fashion|I would certainly rather the industry not go broke, but if that's what it takes for everyone to acquire some values and lose that sense of entitlement, maybe a little belt-tightening wouldn't be so tragic.
Cleon Lee, Theory of Attraction|In a dark layer of Esme's memory there was a kiss. Vividly she recalled Mihai in the snow, naked and fanged. That kiss had conjured ancient passions a god had tried to erase, and Esme remembered the pressure of it and even knew the flavor of that black river. But it belonged to someone else. Tom's kiss, by contrast, wasn't passionate.Esme didn't even have time to close her eyes and tilt her face up to meet it, and it landed crooked and only half on her lips. It was clumsy and it ended quickly. And it was hers.
Melina Marchetta, On the Jellicoe Road|What's with what you're wearing?" Griggs asks while we stand outside waiting for the others."It's pretty hideous, isn't it?" I say."Don't force me to look at it," he says. "It's see-through."That kills conversation for a couple of seconds.
Janis Joplin|I don't think your personal life has anything to do with your professional life. They are separate things. Whatever is happening at home shouldn't be carried to work. Everyone has his/her own journey. Some revel in the fact that they derive that from personal contentment, and others draw it from extreme sorrow.
Roland Barthes|As soon as someone dies, frenzied construction of the future (shifting furniture, etc.): futuromania.
Terry Pratchett, Carpe Jugulum|And sin, young man, is when you treat people like things.
Jeff Nichols|I come from a much freer kind of performance thing, where I rely on my own improv and my own sense of humor.
Tracy Brogan, My Kind of You|Life had a way of shifting under her feet like quicksand and she had learned to just make the best of it. Like Gigi always said, ‘when God closes a door, he shoves you out the window.
Anthony P. Mauro, Sr.|Some of us think with our heads, others with our hearts. Though neither is good or bad, it seems that one solves problems while the other adds to them.
Marianne Williamson, A Return to Love: Reflections on the Principles of "A Course in Miracles"|In the Christic tradition, this is the meaning of  'becoming as a little child.'  Little children don't think they know what things mean, in fact, they know they don't know.  They ask someone older and wiser to explain things to them.  We're like children who don't know but think we do.  We're meant to shine.  Look at small children.  They're all so unique before they start trying to be, because they demonstrate the power of genuine humility.  This is also the explanation of 'beginner's luck.' When we go into a situation not knowing the rules, we don't pretend to know how to figure anything out, and we don't know yet what there is to be afraid of.  This releases the mind to create from its own higher power."  
Michael J. Marx, Ethics & Risk Management for Christian Coaches|Nevertheless, the Holy Spirit brings peace to your mind and heart as you uncover and make the right choice and align yourself with professional, ethical standards.
Anaïs Nin|If you do not breathe through writing, if you do not cry out in writing, or sing in writing, then don't write, because our culture has no use for it.
Rob Sheffield|That Jim Morrison song gets it all wrong. People are strange when you’re a stranger, but it’s not because they ignore you—it’s when they notice you and smile, that’s when you realize you’re alone out here. Their kindness is what makes you notice how weak you are. That’s when you know it’s not the city’s fault, it’s yours. These people are in the same strange town, but they’re not letting the strangeness eat them up and turn them into robots. That’s just you.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Speak well of the sun, but know that it can harm you;when enraged, it is pitiless. Speak well of the ocean, but know that it can injure you; when angry, it is merciless. Speak well of the wind, but know that it can wound you; when provoked, it is ruthless.
Henry Petroski|Property is intended to serve life, and no matter how much we surround it with rights and respect, it has no personal being. It is part of the earth man walks on. It is not man.
Naomi Long Madgett|I am alone. My heart beats only for myself. The strikers mean nothing to me. I have nothing in common with the mob, nor with individuals. I am a cold person. In the war I did not feel I was part of my company. We all lay in the same mud and waited for the same death. But I could think only about my own life and death. I would step over corpses and it oftened saddened me that I could feel no pain.
Virginia Woolf|To whom can I expose the urgency of my own passion?…There is nobody—here among these grey arches, and moaning pigeons, and cheerful games and tradition and emulation, all so skilfully organised to prevent feeling alone.
Roman Payne|Scent is such a powerful tool of attraction, that if a woman has this tool perfectly tuned, she needs no other. I will forgive her a large nose, a cleft lip, even crossed-eyes; and I’ll bathe in the jouissance of her intoxicating odour.
Human Angels, We are human angels|Rules come from the mind and judgment.Values come from the heart,because of this,love has no rules,love only has values.
Michelle M. Pillow, Portrait of His Obsession|He knew for certain that she belonged forever in his arms, just as he knew she didn’t realize it yet.
J. Michael Straczynski|One ever feels his twoness - an American, a Negro; two souls, two thoughts, two unreconciled strivings; two warring ideals in one dark body, whose dogged strength alone keeps it from being torn asunder.
Bernard Kelvin Clive, 52 Seconds: Simplified Motivation - Words to Inspire|Don't count your blessings, let your blessings count! EnjoyLife!
F. Scott Fitzgerald, Tender Is the Night|He was in love with every pretty woman he saw now, their forms at a distance, their shadows on the walls.
Paul Walker|In truth, I am a single mother. But I don't feel alone at all in parenting my daughter. Krishna has a whole other side of her family who loves her, too. And so Krishna is parented by me, but also by her grandmother and aunts and cousins and uncles and friends.
Epicurus|Advance, and never halt, for advancing is perfection. Advance and do not fear the thorns in the path, for they draw only corrupt blood.
Caroline Mitchell, Paranormal Intruder|Extolling the virtues of conservation of energy, Churchill advised, "Never stand when you can sit, and never sit when you can lie down.
Al Franken|Where there is little or no public opinion, there is likely to be bad government, which sooner or later becomes autocratic government.
Cordelia Fine, Testosterone Rex: Myths of Sex, Science, and Society|Here’s another example that some overworked mothers might find inspiring. We saw in Chapter 2 that being the one who producesthe sperm doesn’t dictate, by universal principle, that parenting is out of the portfolio. However, in the case of the rat (as with mostmammals), the balance of trade-offs make it more adaptive for males to leave parenting to the mothers. This might tempt us to take it forgranted that males, by virtue of their sex, therefore lack the capacity to care for pups. We might well assume that, through sexual selection, they lost or never acquired the biological capacity to parent: that it isn’t “in” their genes, hormones, or neural circuits. That it isn’t in their male nature. But bear in mind that one reliable feature of a male rat’s developmental system is a female rat that does the child care. So what happens when a scientist, under controlled laboratory conditions, simulates a first-wave feminist rodent movement by placing males in cages with pups but no females? Before too long you will see the male “mothering” the infant, in much the same way that females do. Feminism: 1. Sexual selection: nil.
J. Raymond|Don't fall in love with me. Not unless you're ready for a God damn fight. I don't do fragility, or friction and fairy tales. I want you to be irrational because I'm irrational. Be bold. Speak your mind. I want your wildfires and obscenities. I want your passion and priorities. Protect what's yours. I'll defend what's ours. Let us fight against routines and bad habits, and anything typical. And don't you dare quit. Not on us, not on yourself. God help the person who threatens us. Forgive me when I let you down, but don't overlook it, or allow it. We're all insecure about something. Show me yours. We're all terrified sometimes. Turn to me. People come in and out of my life so often and easily that I just look for a love that stays. I don't mind your blemishes or scars, I have a few of my own. Don't be another flash in the pan. Falling for me will be easy. Staying with me will be impossible. But you deserve a love that most people don't believe in anymore.
David Mitchell, The Bone Clocks|.....it's hard to describe a psychosoteric battle at close quarters..... Think of those tennis-ball firing machines, but loaded with hand-grenades trapped in a shipping container, on a ship caught in a force-ten gale.
Kenneth Oppel, Skybreaker|Say no to everything, so you can say yes to the one thing.
Edward Royle|Logically, this kind of atheism did not prove that there was no God.... On the contrary, Southwell was typical in placing the onus probandi on those who affirmed the existence of God and Holyoake regarded himself as an atheist only in his inability to believe what the churches would have him believe. They were content to show that the Christian concept of the supernatural was meaningless, that the arguments in its favor were illogical, and that the mysteries of the universe, insofar as they were explicable, could be accounted for in material terms.
Virgil, The Aeneid|This is all. It's been very rare to have known you, very strange and wonderful. But this wouldn't do - and wouldn't last.
Bo Bennett|Happiness lies so far from man, but he must begin by daring to will it.
Rachel Cusk, Outline|I felt that I could swim for miles, out into the ocean: a desire for freedom, an impulse to move, tugged at me as though it were a thread fastened to my chest. It was an impulse I knew well, and I had learned that it was not the summons from a larger world I used to believe it to be. It was simply a desire to escape from what I had.
S.J. Watson, Before I Go to Sleep|I closed my eyes and abandoned myself to my grief. It felt better, somehow, to be helpless. I didn't feel ashamed.
Terry Pratchett, Jingo|Why are our people going out there,” said Mr. Boggis of the Thieves’ Guild."Because they are showing a brisk pioneering spirit and seeking wealth and … additional wealth in a new land,” said Lord Vetinari.“What’s in it for the Klatchians?” said Lord Downey.“Oh, they’ve gone out there because they are a bunch of unprincipled opportunists always ready to grab something for northern,” said Lord Vetinari.“A mastery summation, if I may say so, my lord,” said Mr. Burleigh. The Patrician looked down again at his notes. “Oh, I do beg your pardon, I seem to have read those last to sentences in the wrong order…
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Before you go to live the life you are being forced by others to live, remember they'll never be there to share your challenges and emotions that come with it together with you!
Chris Colfer, The Wishing Spell|Right now, we're living in an ugly chapter of our lives, but books always get better!
Debasish Mridha|Life has no destination, it is a journey to see the beauty.
Ted Scheu|I'm pretty sure my parents arepretending they are sick.I know because I taught them bothto do that little trick. You blow your nose and hold your headand claim your brain is breaking.And so, a pro like me would knowmy folks are clearly faking.A little thing I learned in schoolconvinced me I am right.My parents are supposed to meetmy principal tonight.
Meg Cabot, All-American Girl|Being brave is when you have to do something because you know it is right, but at the same time, you are afraid to do it, because it might hurt or whatever. But you do it anyway.
Drew  Hayes, NPCs|Oh sure, everyone else charges monsters and it's brave, I do it once and I'm a madman.
Erica Chilson, Dexter|He was hurting, and I hurt with him. We had never been able to maintain any level of detachment from each other’s suffering, and wedidn’t now.
Susan Beth Pfeffer, Life As We Knew It|The Christmas after Mom & Dad split up, they both went crazy buying us presents. Matt, Jonny, and I were showered with gifts at home and at Dads apartment. I thought that was great. I was all in favor of my love being paid for with presents. This year all I got was a diary and a secondhand watch. Okay, I know this is corny, but this really is what Christmas is all about.
Cindy Margolis|I also became close to nature, and am now able to appreciate the beauty with which this world is endowed.
Swami Dhyan Giten, Presence - Working from Within. The Psychology of Being|Spontaneity in the therapeutic work arises when the therapist can allow creative and authentic impulses to arise from moment to moment from the inner being, from the meditative quality within, from the inner emptiness, from the capacity to surrender to life. Then the therapist becomes less of a technician and more of an artist in the therapeutic work. It is then when the therapist and client meets in awareness without any barrier between.
Sunday Adelaja|I know you're the only pistol champion we have, but I'd rather they no see enough of you to hit. You're also the only wife I have...""You're so sweet.'"...at the moment.
Anita Philmar|And you are?”She fluttered her hand over her face andbrushed a wisp of light brown hair from her brow.The governor calls me Kitty. It’d probably be best if you did, too.”What an alluring name? It makes me think of a cat with its lips covered by a luscious coat of cream.”Jack stared at Kitty’s mouth, and his tongue tingled at the idea of tasting her rich, flavorful lust.She giggled and wove her hand through the crook in his arm. The soft swell of her breast bumped against his arm. “Oh, you’re naughty, but I love the alluring image.”Then, I hope you’ll let me have a taste later.”He didn’t crowd her but allowed her to step back.She led him across the entranceway to a door on the other side.Remember she’s a princess.
Tonya Hurley, Ghostgirl|She was a dead girl having the worst panic attack shed ever had. Not because she was afraid of dying, but because she knew that she would never live again.
George C. Wolfe, The Colored Museum|Play hard. Play, play, play like your life depends on it. Because it does.
W. Somerset Maugham, Of Human Bondage|He accepted the deformity which had made life so hard for him; he knew that it had warped his character, but no he saw also that by reason of it he had acquired that power of introspection which had given him so much delight. Without it he would never have had his keen appreciation of beauty, his passion for art and literature, and his interest in the varied spectacle of life. […] Then he saw that normal was the rarest thing in the world. Everyone had some defect of body or of mind […] The only reasonable thing was to accept the good of men and be patient with their faults.
Chalene Johnson, PUSH: 30 Days to Turbocharged Habits, a Bangin' Body, and the Life You Deserve!|... a practical problem can only be solved by action itself. When your practical problem is how to earn a living, a book on how to make friends and influence people cannot solve it, though it may suggest things to do. Nothing short of the doing solves the problem. It is solved only by earning a living.
Ludwig Feuerbach, Lectures on the Essence of Religion|Christianity set itself the goal of fulfilling man’s unattainable desires, but for that very reason ignored his attainable desires. By promising man eternal life, it deprived him of temporal life, by teaching him to trust in God’s help it took away his trust in his own powers; by giving him faith in a better life in heaven, it destroyed his faith in a better life on earth and his striving to attain such a life. Christianity gave man what his imagination desires, but for that very reason failed to give him what he really and truly desires.
Elizabeth George|To be God's people, to love Him fervently with whole hearts, is our sole desire.
Libba Bray, A Great and Terrible Beauty|We're each of us our own chiaroscuro, our own bit of illusion trying to emerge into something solid, something real. We've got to forgive ourselves that. I must remember to forgive myself. Because there's an awful lot of gray to work with. No one can live in the light all the time.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|Be sure to ask for help, and vent or brag on your progress along the way.
Christopher Moore, Lamb: The Gospel According to Biff, Christ's Childhood Pal|She gathered a circle of children around her and commenced singing 'For Those Who Peril on the Sea' over their little heads. But no, 'safety from storms' wasn't enough for her. God had to keep them from being blown up too. She set about ordering the poor things to pray for their parents every night- who knew what the German soldiers might do to them? Then she said to be especially good little boys and girls so Mama and Daddy could look down on them from heaven and BE PROUD OF THEM...she had those children crying and sobbing fit to die.I was too shocked to move, but no, not Elizabeth. No, quick as an adder's tongue, she had ahold of Adelaide's arm and told her to SHUT UP.'Let me go!' Adelaide cried. 'I am speaking the Word of God!'Elizabeth, she got a look on her that would turn the devil to stone, and then she slapped Adelaide right across the face!
|There is a big difference between a materialistic person and a sophisticated individual. If you want to become a well-refined person, then you have to focus on positively shaping your mental attitude.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Write it in your heart, that you live life to the fullness.
Stewart Liff|Reading off a page is like looking down at a landscape from a balloon – your eye "sees" the story as well as reads it, its layout, its paragraphs and structure, and "remembers" what it just read because it's still there, on the page, simultaneously. If you want to, you can reread any line instantly; or linger; or speed up; or optically "flinch." Reading a series of tweets is more like looking through a narrow window from a train speeding through a landscape full of tunnels and bands of light and dark. Each tweet erases its predecessor.
Paul C. Nagel, John Quincy Adams: A Public Life, a Private Life|I am a tourist of the emotions, visiting only the most well-worn spots. It is romantic, that is, a distortion, to imagine whole lives from the barest observation.
Jeanette Winterson, Written on the Body|Sometimes I think of you and I feel giddy. Memory makes me lightheaded, drunk on champagne. All the things we did. And if anyone has said this was the price I would have agreed to pay it. That surprises me; that with the hurt and the mess comes a shift of recognition. It was worth it. Love is worth it.
John Muir, My First Summer in the Sierra|We are now in the mountains and they are in us, kindling enthusiasm, making every nerve quiver, filling every pore and cell of us.
Sadiqua Hamdan, Happy Am I. Holy Am I. Healthy Am I.|The name Aziza is of Arabic origin and means precious. I call her Sitti, the Arabic village word for my grandmother. Although Sitti stands true to her name, someone is always telling her she isn’t precious. As she grows into womanhood, Sitti hides from her thoughts, her voice, and her own shadow. She doesn’t want to draw attention to herself, not even from the rays of sun that bless the entire land. But no one looks at an olive tree and asks it why it hides its fruit. It blossoms when it’s ready and under the right conditions. As Sitti grows up, it did not occur to her that this could be the case for herself.
Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce|So many events and moments that seemed insignificant add up. I remember how for the last Valentine´s Day, N gave flowers but no card. In restaurants, he looked off into the middle distance while my hand would creep across the table to hold his. He would always let go first. I realize I can´t remember his last spontaneous gesture of affection.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With discipline, dedication and diligence, you will achieve the goal.
Charlotte Munro, The Lockharts|..., imagine a loamy earth that starts with genocide, then adds a mix of further disease, wars, hurricanes, murder, great fires, dueling, insurrection and slavery, just to name a few of the many instances of tragedy. What dark seed would take root in such a disturbed and twisted soil?
Dada Bhagwan|What grave liability one incurs when one calls a virtuous woman, a whore! It will ruin his countless lives to come. There is no liability if one calls a whore a virtuous woman!
Saurabh Sharma|The more you give, the more you get.
James Howard Kunstler|A rat race is for rats. We're not rats. We're human beings. Reject the insidious pressures in society that would blunt your critical faculties to all that is happening around you, that would caution silence in the face of injustice lest you jeopardise your chances of promotion and self-advancement.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Vision|A life without a vision is like a kite let loose; it is directed by the forces that be, never giving even the slightest of resistance to life's pressures, eventually ending up far away from home (that comfortable place).
Gérard de Nerval, Aurélia|Sleep occupies a third of our life. It is the consolation to the woes of our days or the woe of their pleasures; but I have never found that sleep was a rest. After a swoon of a few minutes a new life begins, freed from conditions of time and space, and doubtless like the life which awaits us after death. Who knows whether there does not exist a link between these two existences, and whether it is not possible for the soul now to bind them together?
Veronica Roth, Insurgent|Grief is not as heavy as guilt, but it takes more away from you.
Arrigo Boito|When I saw you I fell in love, and you smiled because you knew.
Austin Kleon, Show Your Work!: 10 Ways to Share Your Creativity and Get Discovered|Pablo Picasso was notorious for sucking the energy out of the people he met. His granddaughter Marina claimed that he squeezed people like one of his tubes of oil paints. You's have a great time hanging out all day with Picasso, and then you's go home nervous and exhausted, and Picasso would go back to his studio and paint all night, using the energy he'd sucked out of you.
Florence King, Confessions of a Failed Southern Lady|Rick feels almost the way he used to halfway through his third drink, his favorite moment, the way he wishes all moments in life could feel: heightened with the sense that anything could happen at any moment--that being alive is important, because just when you least expect it, you might receive exactly what you least expect.
Jean Lorrain, Monsieur De Phocas|in every pleasure, cruelty has its place...
Ray Bradbury, The October Country|A school bell that sounds annoying at 8:00am sounds exciting at 4:00pm ....it is a matter of time , you will get there.
Nandhiji, Mastery of Consciousness: Awaken the Inner Prophet: Liberate Yourself with Yogic Wisdom.|As we discard a limited mind and a life of limitation to step into the grandness of vastness, we realize infinity itself to be the Guru and all that we do as grace. As we traverse through consciousness that is the Guru, we become the Guru and each thought of ours is perfect in the now, as scriptures. Consciousness is the Guru, the wisdom.
Ikechukwu Izuakor|Until pains are endured, depressions surmounted, mockeries ignored and goliaths conquered, destiny might not be achieved
Nikki Rowe|Keep your head up and heart open. And make "Thank You" your mantra of life!
Amit Kalantri|Contemplating, thinking hard, I don't make judgement but i have decided
J.K. Rowling|Writing for me is a kind of compulsion, so I don't think anyone could havemade me do it, or prevented me from doing it.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Christmas is like candy; it slowly melts in your mouth sweetening every taste bud, making you wish it could last forever.
Blaise Pascal, Pensées|He no longer loves the person whom he loved ten years ago. I quite believe it. She is no longer the same, nor is he. He was young, and she also; she is quite different. He would perhaps love her yet, if she were what she was then.
Henry Miller|In the beginning there was nothing, and then god created "me".
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The spirit of divinity lives in you. The power is unlock by faith, hope and courage.
Debasish Mridha|The view from above is always beautiful. Strive to go there, but never forget to be kind.
Lisa Kessler, Night Walker|She brought her hand to his chest. His chiseled musclesresponded to her touch, and a moan escaped her as he clutched hertighter. Calisto’s fingers slid through her hair, and her lips parted, hertongue tasting him, tangling with his until her knees buckled.Dear God, this man could kiss.
Daniel Wallace, The Kings and Queens of Roam|There were some people, it seemed, who were incapable of being pleasant about anything. Of course, the cars that such people drove tended to be difficult as well. Nice cars have nice drivers; bad cars have bad drivers. A person's gearbox revealed everything that you could want to know about that person, thought Mr J.L.B. Matekoni.
Daniel H. Wilson, Robogenesis|The fears we keep alive, will be a recurring haunt until it dies, or we do.
Karl Marx|Skeptical scrutiny is the means, in both science and religion, by which deep thoughts can be winnowed from deep nonsense.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Not just in America. When I left my primary school, my father said, 'Son, you are now a man,' then he gave me a scented candle and told me how babies are made." Vik fought to keep his lips from twitching.
Grace Paley|The only thing you should have to do is find work you love to do. And I can't imagine living without having loved a person. A man, in my case. It could be a woman, but whatever. I think, what I always tell kids when they get out of class and ask, 'What should I do now?' I always say, 'Keep a low overhead. You're not going to make a lot of money.' And the next thing I say: 'Don't live with a person who doesn't respect your work.' That's the most important thing—that's more important than the money thing. I think those two things are very valuable pieces of information.
Olivia Colman|'Priced to sell' - just the phrase makes me smile. When a dealer says all the items in his booth are priced to sell, he means he's tagged them as aggressively as he can to get you to buy them. Don't worry, though, I still haggle. You have to. That's the point of a flea market.
Dean Cole, UNCUT: Gay Erotic Stories|Just because everyone CAN publish a book these days, doesn't mean everyone SHOULD. The world doesn't need 1000 knock-offs of 50 Shades of Grey. I'm not so sure the world even needed ONE 50 Shades of Grey.
Chelsea Peretti|When I look at relationships, my own and others, I see a wide range of reasons for people to be together and ways in which they are together. I see ways in which a relationship - which means something that exists between two or more people - for the most part reinforces people's separateness as individual entities.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Soared Over Fairyland and Cut the Moon in Two|All money is imaginary," answered the Calcatrix simply. "Money is magic everyone agrees to pretend is not magic. Observe! You treat it like magic, wield it like magic, fear it like magic! Why should a body with more small circles of copper or silver or gold than anyone else have an easy life full of treats every day and sleeping in and other people bowing down? The little circles can't get up and fight a battle or make a supper so splendid you get full just by looking at it or build a house of a thousand gables. They can do those things because everyone agrees to give them power. If everyone agreed to stop giving power to pretty metals and started giving it to thumbnails or mushroom caps or roof shingles or first kisses or tears or hours or puffin feathers, those little circles would just lay there tarnishing in the rain and not making anyone bow their noses down to the ground or stick them up in the air.
Gena Showalter, Oh My Goth|There are two kinds of people,’ she’d said. ‘Those who coast through life like ducks in a row, following one after the other, and those who ride the waves.’” Tears spilled down my cheeks, and my voice cracked. “‘Ride the waves, baby, and live. Live.
Mensah Oteh, Wisdom Keys In Words: A collection of the Inspirational words that will change your life|Fail faster, but (more importantly) fail intelligently.
Debasish Mridha|Love everyone; trust everyone. You might get hurt, but don’t fear because a lover has no fear.
John Dryden, Four Plays by Dryden: The Conquest of Granada parts 1 and 2, Marriage-a-la-Mode, and The Assignation|Thus like a Captive in an Isle confin'd,Man walks at large, a Pris'ner of the Mind
George Lakoff|Fighting is found everywhere in the animal kingdom and nowhere so much as among human animals. Animals fight to get what they want--food, sex, territory, control, etc.--because there are other animals who want the same thing or who want to stop them from getting it. The same is true of human animals, except that we have developed more sophisticated techniques for getting our way. Being "rational animals," we have institutionalized our fighting in a number of ways, one of them being war. Even though we have over the ages institutionalized physical conflict and have employed many of our finest minds to develop more effective means of carrying it out, its basic structure remains essentially unchanged. In fights between brute animals, scientists have observed the practices of issuing challenges for the sake of intimidation, of establishing and defending territory, attacking, defending, counterattacking, retreating, and surrendering. Human fighting involves the same practices. Part of being a rational animal, however, involves getting what you want without subjecting yourself to the dangers of actual physical conflict. As a result, we humans have evolved the social institution of verbal argument. We have arguments all the time in order to try to get what we want, and sometimes these "degenerate" into physical violence.
Bob Proctor|Your purpose explains what you are doing with your life. Your vision explains how you are living your purpose. Your goals enable you to realize your vision." - Bob Proctor
Andrena Sawyer|Meaningless! Meaningless!”says the Teacher.“Utterly meaningless!Everything is meaningless.”What do people gain from all their laborsat which they toil under the sun?Generations come and generations go,but the earth remains forever.The sun rises and the sun sets,and hurries back to where it rises.The wind blows to the southand turns to the north;round and round it goes,ever returning on its course.All streams flow into the sea,yet the sea is never full.To the place the streams come from,there they return again.All things are wearisome,more than one can say.The eye never has enough of seeing,nor the ear its fill of hearing.What has been will be again,what has been done will be done again;there is nothing new under the sun.Is there anything of which one can say,“Look! This is something new”?It was here already, long ago;it was here before our time.No one remembers the former generations,and even those yet to comewill not be rememberedby those who follow them.
Linda Howard, Blood Born|Chloe said the first thing that popped into her head., "I don't sleep with dead guys..."Luca gave her an amused look. "Good. I'm not dead. Never have been.... I'm immortal.
Ya'ira Somerville|You are you, no one else is you, you are the right you, and the right you, is the you that you love.
Janne Teller, Nothing|If you can't imagine it, think clumsy silence. Think bits and pieces of floating despair. And drowning in a train.
Yasinthan|If you like or dislike something about them, Say it to their face.
D.T. Suzuki, The Training of the Zen Buddhist Monk|We think that if we just meditated enough or jogged enough or ate perfect food, everything would be perfect. But from the point of view of someone who is awake, that’s death. Seeking security or perfection, rejoicing in feeling confirmed and whole, self contained and comfortable, is some kind of death. It doesn’t have any fresh air. There’s no room for something to come in and interrupt all that. We are killing the moment by controlling our experience.
Cressida Cowell|I wanted to be a King who would found a New World, not in some misty country far across the seas, but right here, right now, at home.
Irenaeus of Lyons, Against Heresies 2|For it is not needful, to use a common proverb, that one should drink up the ocean who wishes to learn that its water is salt.
Hayden Thorne, Mimi Attacks|Look, if I were straight, you'd be grandparents before your time. You should be relieved that I'm gay. Aren't you grateful?
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|I know, I'm an idiot!" Leo moaned. "A brilliant idiot, but still an idiot.
Louise Bourgeois|And what’s the use of talking, if you already know that others don’t feel what you feel?
Patricia Briggs, Night Broken|Are you the same woman I brought here, Sasha? You're like a kid at Christmastime."--Monroe"You would be, too, if someone fulfilled your most secret fantasies."--Sasha
Carl Icahn|My father told me, never have partners.
Catherine Crowe, The Night Side of Nature|It will seem to many persons very inconsistent with their ideas of the dignity of a spirit that they should appear and act in the manner I have described, and shall describe further; and I have heard it objected that we cannot suppose God would permit the dead to return merely to frighten the living, and that it is showing Him little reverence to imagine He would suffer them to come on such trifling errands, or demean themselves in so undignified a fashion. But God permits men of all degrees of wickedness, and of every kind of absurdity, to exist, and to harass and disturb the earth, whilst they expose themselves to its obloquy or its ridicule.
Nuno Roque|I can certainly identify with The Villain. A Villain is someone who has a past, who is strongly opinionated, fearless, doesn't get intimated by anything, and went beyond suffering. It's an empowerment figure.
Shannon L. Alder|Sometimes, we expect life to work a certain way and when it doesn’t we blame others or see it as a sign, rather than face the pain of the choices we should or shouldn’t have made. Real healing won’t begin until we stop saying, “God prevented this or that.” Often in our attempt to protect ourselves from pain, we leave things to fate and don’t take chances. Or, we don’t work hard enough to keep the blessings we are given. Maybe, we didn't recognize a blessing, until it was too late. Often, it is the lies we tell ourselves that keeps us stuck in a delusion of not being responsible for our lives. We leave it all up to God. The truth is we are not leaves blowing toward our destiny without any control. To believe this is to take away our freedom of choice and that of others. The final stage of grief is acceptance. This can’t be reached through always believing God willed the outcomes in our lives, despite our inaction or actions. To think so is to take the easy escape from our accountability. Sometimes, God has nothing to do with it. Sometimes, we just screwed up and guarded our heart from accepting it, by putting our outcome on God as the reason it turned out the way it did. Faith is a beautiful thing, but without work we can give into a mysticism of destiny that really doesn't teach us lessons or consequences for our actions. Life then becomes a distorted delusion of no accountability with God always to blame for battles we walked away from, won or loss.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Fell Beneath Fairyland and Led the Revels There|Stand at the crossroads if you will, but if you'll not choose, I'll move on without you
Pamela Druckerman, French Children Don't Throw Food|Behavior isn't something someone "has." Rather, it emerges from the interaction of a person's biology, past experiences, and immediate context.
Margery Allingham, Dancers in Mourning|When Mr. William Faraday sat down to write his memoirs after fifty-eight years of blameless inactivity he found the work of inscribing the history of his life almost as tedious as living it had been, and so, possessing a natural invention coupled with a gift for locating the easier path, he began to prevaricate a little upon the second page, working his way up to downright lying on the sixth and subsequent folios.
Manuel Newton-Management Consultant and Poet MA M.Com LLB ICWA FIBAM FIMM etc http elsela-newtonsboo|If thou has passion for faith thou dost preach Regard for God whose mercy thou beseechLove for the soil out of which thou art bornWhy dost thou slay thy brethren, held in scorn?The land on which I was born is not mineThat giveth bread and roof is mine and thineAnd few yards of soil for grave benignWe are sons of this lovely earth divine
George Washington|The task of the government is not only to pour honey into a cup, but sometimes to give bitter medicine.
Michael Schumacher|If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of car payments.
Paul Hollywood|When I think, where did I laugh the most, where did I eat the most, where did I just feel good all the time, I would say making the Bond movie 'Die Another Day.' To be part of such an iconic franchise and to travel to exotic places - that was the most fun I ever had.
DeAngelo Williams|It is clear I was never the Pretty Girl. I had my two front teeth knocked out when I was 10 and didn't fix them until I was 19. I have a crooked smile and a nose that looks like it's been broken 12 times but never has been. My nose was always red, so people called me Rudolph. My whole face is off-center.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|It’s amazing how we can hurt others, especially those close to us . . .subtle and not-so-subtle ways in which wives belittle husbands and vice versa.
Brittany Williams|In life we have our trophy people. These are the ones we work hard for, we are proud of. We want to show them off to our family, our friends, we want them on our arm at company functions. We take pictures with them to let everyone know we feel like a winner and we are happy.Then you have your participation ribbons, the ribbons you get just for simply showing up. You didn't have to earn it, it was just given to you. These things usually end up in a drawer somewhere, maybe you pick them up again when you are bored and say "that was a fun night, I wonder if they are still handing out these things?" but you don't tell people about it, nothing to be proud of.
Louis Sachar, Holes|Now you be careful in the real world" said Armpit " Not everyone is as nice as us.
Debasish Mridha|To be a great success, you must do two things without fear: love and share.
Joseph Pascucci|The longer I travel and the more people I meet, the more apparent it becomes that certain people will come and go in your life in order to fill a need. Not as a messiah, not as a savior, but as a light that shines to illuminate the path you are on, to show you what needs to be seen at that point in time. It is entirely up to you to open your eyes and allow yourself to see it. Some will be dim, others will shine bright. A select few will burn like the sun and make you feel a gravity so great that you have no choice but to change the course you are on.You don’t get to pick and choose who it might be and you don’t get to decide how much impact they will have. All you can do is open yourself up to the possibility when it comes, give what you can while it’s there, and be grateful when it leaves. Because life is too short to not burn like the sun. Anything else is a death sentence.
Stephenie Meyer, The Twilight Saga: The Official Illustrated Guide|You ate my dog, you undead freak!”Hey! Watch the slander. I hear the acceptable term is ‘corporeallychallenged’ now. No need to be rude.
James Madison, The Constitution of the United States of America|A well-regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed.
Flannery O'Connor, Mystery and Manners: Occasional Prose|There is a great tendency today to want everybody to write just the way everybody else does, to see and to show the same things in the same way to the same middling audience. But the writer, in order best to use the talents he has been given, has to write at his own intellectual level. For him to do anything else is to bury his talents. This doesn't mean that, within his limitations, he shouldn't try to reach as many people as possible, but it does mean that he must not lower his standards to do so.
Brandy Norwood|Growing up, my birthday was always Confederate Memorial Day. It helped to create this profound sense of awareness about the Civil War and the 100 years between the Civil War and the civil rights movement and my parents' then-illegal and interracial marriage.
Julia Wills, Fleeced!|Don't you remember what your grandfather used to say? That thing about pots and people?""That pots were like people," Alex replied flatly, thinking back to his grandfather carrying a tray of wet freshly thrown clay pots across the studio in ancient Athens. "He said you couldn't tell how well they'd turn out until they'd been fired in the kiln.""Well then?""Well then, what?" muttered Alex. "Some pots shatter in the heat, Aries. I should know. I was the one who had to sweep them up every evening. Sometimes it's better not to go near the fire.""Well, that's the spirit I must say!" huffed Aries. "Thank you very much!
Carrie Newcomer, A Permeable Life: Poems & Essays|Durzo cleared his throat. "I've got bad news... Life being unfair and all that...""Oh, great. What is it?" [replied Kylar]"Luc Graesin? Kid you died on the wheel to save?""It was more for Logan than for Luc, but what about Luc?""Hanged himself," Durzo said...."Are you joking? After what I did for him? That asshole!
Mahatma Gandhi|Truth can be stated in a thousand different ways, yet each one can be true.
Orhan Pamuk|Universe doesn't even know that you exist, so relax!
Sunday Adelaja|When a complex is acquired, personal development is stopped and the person even being an adult, sometimes behaves in a childish and immature way
Jonathan Anthony Burkett|For what is faith, except a perspective on life seen through the belief that there is a purpose, there is hope, there are miracles, there is something better coming and there is a loving God.
Charlotte Eriksson, Another Vagabond Lost To Love: Berlin Stories on Leaving & Arriving|It’s the beating of my heart.  The way I lie awake, playing with shadows slowly climbing up my wall. The gentle moonlight slipping through my window and the sound of a lonely car somewhere far away, where I long to be too, I think. It’s the way I thought my restless wandering was over, that I’d found whatever I thought I had found, or wanted, or needed, and I started to collect my belongings. Build a home. Safe behind the comfort of these four walls and a closed door. Because as much as I tried or pretended or imagined myself as a part of all the people out there,I was still the one locking the door every night.Turning off the phone and blowing out the candles so no one knew I was home. ’cause I was never really well around the expectations of my personalityand I wanted to keep to myself. and because I haven’t been very impressed lately. By people, or places.Or the way someone said he loved me and then slowly changed his mind.
Sara Wolf, Lovely Vicious|I would love to slap you right now, but I’m currently wielding a nine pound ball and I’m afraid that would be called murder.
E. Lockhart, The Treasure Map of Boys: Noel, Jackson, Finn, Hutch, Gideon—and me, Ruby Oliver|I know they're not getting divorced or anything, but when your parents argue it makes the whole universe seem like it's tipping, like everything could change if they got mad enough at each other, like the world isn't a safe place.And of course, that's true, isn't it? The world is not a safe place.
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|Souls cross ages like clouds cross skies, an' tho' a cloud's shape nor hue nor size don't stay the same, it's still a cloud an' so is a soul. Who can say where the cloud's blowed from or who the soul'll be 'morrow? Only Sonmi the east an' the west an' the compass an' the atlas, yay, only the atlas o' clouds.
Robert Jackson Bennett, City of Stairs|If sexual physiology provides the pattern for our experience of the world, what is woman's basic metaphor? It is mystery, the hidden. Karen Horney speaks of a girl's inability to see her genitals and a boy's ability to see his as the source of "the greater subjectivity of women as compared with the greater objectivity of men." To rephrase this with my different emphasis: men's delusional certitude that objectivity is possible is based on the visibility of their genitals. Second, this certitude is a defensive swerve from the anxiety-inducing invisibility of the womb. Women tend to be more realistic and less obsessional because of their toleration for ambiguity which they learn from their inability to learn about their own bodies. Women accept limited knowledge as their natural condition, a great human truth that a man may take a lifetime to reach.The female body’s unbearable hiddenness applies to all aspects men’s dealings with women. What does it look like in there? Did she have an orgasm? Is it really my child? Who was my real father? Mystery surrounds women’s sexuality. This mystery is the main reason for the imprisonment man has imposed on women. Only by confining his wife in a locked harem guarded by eunuchs could he be certain that her son was also his.
From Dream Away song from The Man Who Loved Cat Dancing|I watched, hoping she wouldn't come out too broke. It's all you can do for people sometimes, no matter how much you love them.
Elizabeth Bowen|It seems like everything sleeps in winter, but it's really a time of renewal and reflection.
Terry Pratchett, The Fifth Elephant|One Saturday morning walking to the farmers' market with my lover she tells me she needs to look like a man on the street. She hates binding her breasts. Hates having breasts, hates not passing. I press her. I ask her, but what do you feel like when you're naked in bed with me? Do you like your body then? She is quiet. Later she tells me she had a dream. Her mother brought home a bottle of medicine from the hospital for her. The doctor says she has to take it. The medicine is testosterone.On Shabbat I remember to pray for enough space inside of me to hold all the darkness of the night and all the sunlight of the day. I pray for enough space for transformations as miraculous as the shift from day to night.Later when that lover has changed his name and an ex-boyfriend has come out to me as a lesbian I go to visit my best friend's sister-turned-brother-turned-sister-again and she tells me about the blessing of having many names and using them all at once.
S. Cisneros|My mother says when I get older my dusty hair will settle and my blouse will learn to stay clean, but I have decided not to grow up tame like the others who lay their necks on the threshold waiting for the ball and chain.In the movies there is always one with red lips who is beautiful and cruel. She is the one who drives the men crazy and laughs them all away. Her power is her own. She will not give it away. I have begun my own quiet war. Simple. Sure. I am the one who leaves the table like a man, without putting back the chair or picking up the plate.
David Cook|If you can't do anything about it, laugh like hell.
Carrie Ann Ryan, Prowled Darkness|What am I?" she asked ..."You are mine," he answered roughly, his forehead still on hers.
Ernst Wurdack|Dresden’s not gone,” I said. I touched a hand lightly to my brow. “He’s here.” I touched Will’s bare chest, on the left side. “Here. Without him, without what he’s done over the years, you and I would never have been able to pull this off.”“No,” he agreed. “Probably not. Definitely not.”“There are a lot of people he’s taught. Trained. Defended. And he’s been an example. No single one of us can ever be what he was. But together, maybe we can.
Leah Braemel, Slow Ride Home|If seizures can't stop me, nothing can.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|The positive vibrations of unregulated joy, peace, happiness and tranquility is freedom.
Joseph Barbera|I'm probably a bit romantic about it, but I think we humans miss having contact with fire. We need it.
Henri Cartier-Bresson, Henri Cartier-Bresson: The Mind's Eye: Writings on Photography and Photographers|I see myself forever and ever as the ridiculous [person], the lonely soul, the wanderer, the restless frustrated artist, the [person] in love with love, always in search of the absolute, always seeking the unattainable.
Dan Brown|My desire to be a physician had a lot to do with that sense of medicine as a ministry of healing, not just a science. And not even just a science and an art, but also a calling, also a ministry.
Anyaele Sam Chiyson, The Sagacity of Sage|It`s Okay to Play or Work Alone in the Information Age But If We Must Make Headway in this Transformation Age, Collaboration is the Way to Go.
Veronica Roth, The Son|But the king was frowning. "I expected you a month ago."Aedion actually had the nerve to shrug. "Apologies. The Staghorns were slammed with a final winter storm. I left when I could."Every person in the hall held their breath.
Rob Liano|If not love, what?
Nike Thaddeus|Be persistent, be persistent, they say. But please, do not mistake being a pest for being persistent.
Emma Goldman|Anytime someone says your God is ugly and you release your God and join their God, there is no hope for your freedom until you once more believe in your own concept of the 'deity.'
Taylor Swift|Good night, and good luck.
V.S. Carnes|She’d said she loved him. She'd put that impossible, unimaginably beautiful gift in his hands and he’d thrown it back at her. To save her. To save himself.
Jack Dangermond|I want to have all that scientific information that we're building be used in designing the future so that people who make geographic decisions - and here it's not just land-use planners, but it's everyone: foresters, transportation engineers, people who buy a house - can analyze all of these information layers and design a future.
Jordan Hoechlin|I've been toldThat it's not enough toWish for dreams, that IHave to work themInto reality.
Virginia Woolf, Orlando|There were mountains; there were valleys; there were streams. She climbed the mountains; roamed the valleys; sat on the banks of streams.....when, from the mountain-top, she beheld, far off, across the Sea of Marmara the plains of Greece, and made out (her eyes were admirable) the Acropolis with a white streak or two which must, she thought, be the Parthenon, her soul expanded with her eyeballs, and she prayed she might share the majesty of the hills, know the serenity of the plains, etc. etc., as all such believers do.
Umberto Eco, How to Travel with a Salmon and Other Essays|The taxi driver is someone who spends all day driving in city traffic (an activity that provokes either heart attack or delirium), in constant conflict with other human drivers. Consequently, he is nervous and hates every anthropomorphic creature.
Richard Branson, Losing My Virginity: How I've Survived, Had Fun, and Made a Fortune Doing Business My Way|I don’t believe it can be taught as if it were a recipe. There aren’t ingredients and techniques that will guarantee success. Parameters exist that, if followed, will ensure a business can continue, but you cannot clearly define our business success and then bottle it as you would a perfume. It’s not that simple: to be successful, you have to be out there, you have to hit the ground running; and, if you have a good team round you and more than your fair share of luck, you might make something happen. But you certainly can’t guarantee it just by following someone else’s formula. Business is a fluid, changing substance.
Mohamed Latiff Mohamed, Confrontation|During the Japanese invasion, bombs had fallen from the sky and people could run for cover. Now, they exploded in the middle of the road, or in the fields while people were playing soccer.
Mary Balogh, Simply Magic|There is nothing worse, is there," she said, "than a past that has never been fully dealt with. One can convince oneself, that it is all safely in the past and forgotten about, but the very fact that we can tell ourselves that it is forgotten proves that it is not.
Claire Cook, Must Love Dogs|I just figured that was the life I picked, so I had to make the most of it.
Colleen Hoover, Slammed|Does he treat you with respect at all times? That's the first question. The second question is, if he is the exact same person twenty years from now that he is today, would you still want to marry him? And finally, does he inspire to be a better person? You find someone you can answer yes to all three, then you've found a good man.
Scott Stabile|A great giftwe can giveto ourselvesis a willingnessto love everyone,no matter what.This frees us completely from the toxicjustificationswe use to hate.
Ron Currie Jr., Flimsy Little Plastic Miracles|In the depth of our heart, we already know that we are perfect as we are. In the depth of our inner being, we already know that life is perfect as it is.
Nicki Elson, Hans & Greta: a Twisted Fairy Tale Novella|Time is like a zombie. It moves slow, but all of a sudden 'BOO! Got your brains!
Kathryn Schulz, Being Wrong: Adventures in the Margin of Error|Reliance on other people's knowledge. . . . buys us all a lot of time. It also buys us, in essence, many billions of prosthetic brains.
Carrie Ann Ryan, An Immortal's Song|Sitting in a bar for hours on end wouldn’t help matters, but Tristan Archer figured he might as well try it out. It may take him far longer to get drunk than it would if he were human, yet he figured he’d give it a go. After the hellish few months he’d had, he would try anything at this point.He ran a hand through his short, auburn hair that tended to look brown in the bar’s lighting and sighed. He shouldn’t have accepted his friend Levi’s invitation to dinner and drinks at Dante’s Circle in the human realm. He should have rejected the offer and gone back to the thousand other things he had to do within the fae realm and inside the Conclave.Tristan wasn’t just any fae. He was a nine-hundred-year-old fae prince with responsibilities that lay heavily on his shoulders. He was also a Conclave member, where he helped govern every paranormal realm in existence with another fae member and two others from each race. That was how he’d become friends with Levi, a wizard and prince in his own right.So here he was, in Dante’s Circle, a bar owned and named after a royal blue dragon; the meeting place of seven women and their mates with a history he couldn’t immediately comprehend.Of course, it was because one of those women that he’d rather be in the fae realm instead of the dark bar with oak paneling and photos on the walls that spoke of generations of memories and connections. He’d been here a few times in the past, always on the outside of the circle of lightning-struck woman and their mates, but never fully excluded.They’d welcomed Tristan into their fold, even if they didn’t understand why it hurt him so to be that close to what he couldn’t have.Or maybe they understood all too well. After all, one of their own was the reason for his confusion, his torture. The object of his desire.“If you keep glowering at her over in the corner, you’ll end up scaring her more than she already is,” Seth said from his side.Tristan closed his eyes and took a deep breath, immediately regretting the action as soon as he did. The man next to him smelled of the sea. And hope. His heart ached and his dick filled.Seth Oceanus was a merman, a friend, and his mate.His true half.Or at least one of them.Not that he or Seth could do anything about it when the other part of their triad didn’t feel the same way.
Nutan Bajracharya|​"But you can thank God the Lord for His inconceivable goodness, which can be recognized daily and hourly throughout your entire existence, if only you honestly try! Your whole life shall therefore become a thanksgiving!
Amit Kalantri|Dance was her style, dance was her fashion.
Don A. Martinez, Dinétah Dragon|As Ariel recounted the events of her dream, two magnificent, batlike wings grew from the backs of her shoulders, stretched as if preparing to fly, then retreated back into their host. The sound heard when the wings disappear is the giggling of Alanna, who watched the event much the same way I did, in rapt wonder.
Neil Gaiman|It’s not that they’re small, the fair folk. Especially not the queen of them all, Mab of the flashing eyes and the slow smile with lips that can conjure your heart under the hills for a hundred years. It’s not that they’re small. It’s that we’re so far away.
Charlie English|You're the one who doesn't understand, I've been standing on the edge with you for years.
Steven James, Story|The gifts of the Master are these: freedom, life, hope, new direction, transformation, and intimacy with God. If the cross was the end of the story, we would have no hope. But the cross isn't the end. Jesus didn't escape from death; he conquered it and opened the way to heaven for all who will dare to believe. The truth of this moment, if we let it sweep over us, is stunning. It means Jesus really is who he claimed to be, we are really as lost as he said we are, and he really is the only way for us to intimately and spiritually connect with God again.
Judith Lewis Herman, Trauma and Recovery: The Aftermath of Violence - From Domestic Abuse to Political Terror|The scars from mental cruelty can be as deep and long-lasting as wounds from punches or slaps but are often not asobvious. In fact, even among women who have experienced violence from a partner, half or more report that the man’s emotional abuse is what is causing them the greatest harm.
David Eagleman, Pink Floyd|Got us a full moon too coming tomorrow night. Just make things a whole lot worse. All we need.- Why is that?- What’s that, Marshal?- The full moon. You think it makes people crazy?- I know it does.- Found a wrinkle in one of the pages and used his index finger to smooth it out.- How come?- Well, you think about it—the moon affects the tide, right?- Sure.- Has some sort of magnet effect or something on water.- I’ll buy that.- Human brain,- Trey said, - is over fifty percent water.- No kidding?- No kidding. You figure ol’ Mr. Moon can jerk the ocean around, think what it can do to the head.
Shannon L. Alder|Live a good life. If there are gods and they are just, then they will not care how devout you have been, but will welcome you based on the virtues you have lived by. If there are gods, but unjust, then you should not want to worship them. If there are no gods, then you will be gone, but will have lived a noble life that will live on in the memories of your loved ones.
Alan Redpath|Spread out your petition before God  and then say  "Thy will  not mine  be done." The sweetest lesson I have learned in God's school is to let the Lord choose for me.
Alex Flinn, Beastly|If God gave it to me," we say "it's mine. I can do what I want with it." No. The truth is that it is ours to thank Him for and ours to offer back to Him, ours to relinquish, ours to lose, ours to let go of - if we want to find our true selves, if we want real Life, if our hearts are set on glory.
Jessica Valenti|Marriage has a unique place because it speaks of an absolute faithfulness, a covenant between radically different persons, male and female; and so it echoes the absolute covenant of God with his chosen, a covenant between radically different partners.
Lindsay J. Pryor, Blood Roses|She exhaled curtly. ‘I’m a serryn. That’s all you see. I’m just something to be tortured, slain or sold off as a commodity. That’s hardly the most appealing of traits.’  ‘Tell your eyes that. Because you really shouldn’t look at me the way you do. No serryn has looked at me like that.
Diana Peterfreund, For Darkness Shows the Stars|Where it MattersBeing with you today is worth all the broken hearts of yesterday. In a flash, all of the stumbling blocks of relationships gone wrong have become the stepping stones to our perfect love. We fit. I now understand the feeling I used to think was pain that came along with love was actually the discomfort from being in a place I didn’t fit. Thank you for being you… for sharing your love with me… for inspiring me to accept myself… for helping me see the unique beauty in imperfection… for showing me that love is something you do; something not just to be said, but also to be shown.I am not perfect; neither are you. I love that!Our love is perfect. And even though we may not be, our love creates a bridge that spans over our imperfections and joins us where it matters.I love you!
Anne Bishop|Why?"He stopped pacing and looked at her as if she'd just asked him to count every leaf on every tree in the Old Place. "Because... you're you.
Anonymous|You see, I’m a juggler with words myself.
J.Adam Snyder|Successful people compete against themselves, not against other people.
Auliq Ice|Oh, there were many here who were justly shot by unjust men.
Lemony Snicket, The Austere Academy|There are only three possible endings —aren't there? — to any story: revenge, tragedy or forgiveness. That’s it. All stories end like that.
Maya Angelou|That's what you want to do? Then nothing beats a trial but a failure. Give it everything you've got. I've told you many times, 'Cant do is like Dont Care.' Neither of them have a home.
Stewart O'Nan, West of Sunset|He didn't like to fly--the noise and vibration gave him a headache--but, as with anything new, he was excited by the strangeness of it. The disjuncture intrigued him: stepping through a door in one place, sitting still for a few hours, then stepping out a thousand miles away. It seemed to him a very American mode of travel, even more so than the car, not simply going farther faster, but eliminating any temporal experience of the journey, skipping over whole sections of the country, the sole focus on arriving, with the help of expensive and arcane technologies, at one's destination, except of course, when one didn't--a thought brought on by his own instinctive disbelief and the bumpiness of the flight.
Alisha Ashton|My idea of a great night is just stayin’ home, reading or playing video games. I’m about as boring as they come, Sorena. I ain’t ever been into stress or drama or excitement. Shit, I’d kill for a nap most days.
Karl Marx|Go on, get out! Last words are for fools who haven't said enough!
Coretta Scott King|Indeed, the Muslims have all the social evils of the Hindus and something more. That something more is the compulsory system of purdah for Muslim women. These burka women walking in the streets is one of the most hideous sights one can witness in India.
Javier Marías, Los enamoramientos|The price we paid was the price men have always paid for achieving a paradise in this life--we went soft, we lost our edge.
M.K. Clinton, Showstoppers|If you can be content with who you are, how you look and then try every day to make a difference to someone else, then it leads to a wonderful life. It’s a shame more humans can’t grasp that fact.” - M.K. Clinton
Rob Bell|When we deny the spiritual dimension to our existence, we end up living like animals. And when we deny the physical, sexual dimension to our existence, we end up living like angels. And both ways are destructive, because God made us human.
Carl Bernstein, All the President's Men|The invariable question, asked only half-mockingly of reporters by editors at the Post (and then up the hierarchical line of editors) was 'What have you done for me today?' Yesterday was for the history books, not newspapers.-- Carl Bernstein, Bob Woodward
Mario Quintana|No one knows if I'm dying to laugh or to crySo my verse hasthis almost imperceptible thrillLife is sad, the world is crazy!Not worth killing yourself for itNot for anyoneFor no loveLife goes on, indifferently!
Dương Thu Hương, Paradise of the Blind|A rich man loves to work, a poor man loves to eat.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Your brand is the value and magic that's not in your bottle, body or box. It's the inspiration, incense, intent and impact before, within and beyond.
Matthew Pearl, The Dante Club| 'Pity without rigor would be cowardly egotism, mere sentimentality.' 
Brian D. McLaren, Why Did Jesus, Moses, the Buddha, and Mohammed Cross the Road?: Christian Identity in a Multi-Faith World|I have no doubt that Jesus would actually practice the neighborliness he preached rather than following our example of religious supremacy, hostility, fear, isolation, misinformation, exclusion, or demonization.
levi paul taylor|if a corner is possibly aheadbreathe slowly and preparewhat is in front of this turn can benot only across but upthis in turn should allow a better vision above and beyond,at the same time to turn and peer backto where we have come to and from where ..lt
Khali Raymond, Ghanport's Finest|I have to hurt other people in order to get what I want, I don’t have a choice but to. In life, you gotta do the right things for the wrong reasons. Or the wrong things for the right reasons.
Sara Baume, A Line Made by Walking|You can't dance to paintings. This is something Ben said, during one of our White Cube conversations, back when I was still wrong about him. He said it even though, at the time, he was desperately trying to be a painter. He said it because it was true and not because it was something either of us wanted to hear.
Reformation Thought|For Luther, it (faith) is an undeviating, trusting outlook appointment life, a constant stance of the trustworthiness of the promises of God.
Toni Aleo, Overtime|Jordie and I tried to have sex in the kitchen and almost caught it on fir. I was cleaning smoke and burned shit off my brand-new stove all afternoon."Lacey's face twisted in confusion and she sputtered with laughter. "Do I even want to know how this happened?"Kacey grinned. "He threw my shirt on the stove, and I had forgotten to shut it off. Boom! Flames, fire
Sukant Ratnakar, Open The Windows: To the World around You|It felt real, seeing his friend like that. It was like a gift. He wasn’t into spiritual bullshit, but damn. "Damn. That Mouse had become his friend was a gift, but a curse as well. If he’d left that whole situation alone, would Mouse — would James — have had a better life? A different outcome?
Daleen Van Tonder|On Paper*some call it poetrybut it is just painon paper_____________________rassool jibraeel snyman (c) 2015"The Poetic Assassin
Gayle Greeno|In difficult times bring to mind my words and the sound of my voice. In that way, I shall always be present for you.
Aristotle|Patience, grasshopper," said Maia. "Good things come to those who wait.""I always thought that was 'Good things come to those who do the wave,'" said Simon. "No wonder I've been so confused all my life.
Joseph Campbell|If you don't have dreams, you don't have a life.
Ransom Riggs, Miss Peregrine’s Home for Peculiar Children|Stars, too, were time travelers. How many of those ancient points of light were the last echoes of suns now dead? How many had been born but their light not yet come this far? If all the suns but ours collapsed tonight, how many lifetimes would it take us to realize we were alone? I had always known the sky was full of mysteries—but not until now had I realized how full of them the earth was.
G.S. Jennsen, Vertigo|If humanity is annihilated because we were too busy squabbling with one another to manage a proper stand, we probably deserve the annihilation.
Clarice Lispector|Beyond thought I reach a state. I refuse to divide it up into words - and what I cannot and do not want to express ends up being the most secret of my secrets. I know that I'm scared of the moments in which I don't use thought and that's a momentary state that is difficult to reach, and which, entirely secret, no longer uses words with which thoughts are produce. Is not using words to lose your identity? is it getting lost in the harmful essential shadows?
Debasish Mridha|The currency of a happy life is not money, but it is pure love.
Donald Rumsfeld|Teachers are always trying to inspire people to do better, to learn, to grow. That's what we do, and we're proud of the success we've had here doing that, and it's something we'll certainly continue to do.
Aleister Crowley, The Vision and the Voice: With Commentary and Other Papers|I cling unto the burning Æthyr like Lucifer that fell through the Abyss, and by the fury of his flight kindled the air. And I am Belial, for having seen the Rose upon thy breast, I have denied God.And I am Satan! I am Satan! I am cast out upon a burning crag! And the sea boils about the desolation thereof. And already the vultures gather, and feast upon my flesh.
C. Elizabeth|Though sorrow may impede my heart,It is of great love to have known you.
Christie Brinkley|I don't find the technology threatening. A lot of people my age, my generation, find it difficult to immerse themselves. But I would never preclude the idea of using any technology if I thought it suited the end result.
Joan Rivers|I can trust in Jesus. And this Gospel that we preach does work. So those who are hurting and suffering today, hang in there. The sun will shine again.
Arundhati Roy|Capitalism has run its course, and we shall have to look for other ideals than the ones that capitalism has encouraged.
Magic Johnson|When you think about the NASCAR brand, it resonates everywhere. They have the No. 1 sports brand.
Simon Mainwaring|Governments take too long to get things done and there are far too many varied interests at stake. If you were starting a business today and needed a partner, you would never choose a large bureaucratic institution like the government.
Katharine Graham|Pastry is different from cooking because you have to consider the chemistry, beauty and flavor. It's not just sugar and eggs thrown together. I tell my pastry chefs to be in tune for all of this. You have to be challenged by using secret or unusual ingredients.
H.M. Forester, Game of Aeons|You can serve God and man in no more effective way than by getting rich; that is, if you get rich by the creative method and not by the competitive one.” – Wallace D. Wattles
William Makepeace Thackeray, Vanity Fair|Just because you have stolen someone's heart, luckily owned and occupied as a home, doesn't give you the audacity to enforce hurtful policies.
Carl R. Rogers, A Way of Being|I can't tell you how many times in my life I have been told that I have “control issues”. Historically, this statement has brought me annoyance—the kind of irritation that can only be described as a self-protective reaction to having my behaviours labelled for exactly what they were. Needless to say, these accusations would make me defensive. I'd pull my armour tighter and get out my weapons—anything to protect myself from the truth.I realized, one day, that there were only a few things I could control, and a whole lot of things that I couldn't. I realized that trying to control everything around me was a recipe for failure, because it simply wasn't possible.I wish I could tell you that I "let go" then—that it was a lovely, beautiful spiritual moment, and now I'm all better. But that isn't true. Because, for me, seeking to control things which can't be controlled isn't a random tick or flaw. It's a stage of communication in the language of my own mind. If I don't listen to the first whispers that tell me I've repressed some emotion or neglected to process some event—then, stage two starts. Every piece of dirt on the floor, every chewing noise, every unexpected obstacle... they all become intolerable.So, I have two choices when this happens. I can allow my desire to control the outside world to turn into trying to control it. Or, I can allow myself to hear what is being said to me—to interpret this strange language that I speak to myself in and respond with compassion.Do I consistently do the wise thing first? No. I forget. And then I remember, somewhere in the middle of neurotically scrubbing a wall. But I remember faster now than I did before, and sometimes I really am able to respond quickly.It's a journey. I'm not perfect. But I am doing the right thing, and I get better at it every time I have the chance to practice. That's what learning and letting go really is—a practice. It's never over. And it never is, and never will be, perfect.
Marcel Proust, The Captive & The Fugitive|The marquee scrolling across our minds trying to reinterpret life reads: "God-Against-Us." This becomes the dominant lens through which our flesh interprets life. We no longer give our loving Father the benefit of the doubt. Instead, we view every event as conclusive proof that God is against us.
E. Stanley Jones, The Unshakable Kingdom and the Unchanging Person|Once I used my powers. Now I feel like a dancing instructor, reminding the queen whom she is dancing with at this hour and with which foot she should begin.''Be thankful,' Gavin advised with a laugh, 'that so far the music is still being played and everyone is trying to dance in harmony.
Alan Bradley, The Weed That Strings the Hangman's Bag|I am often thought of as being remarkably bright, and yet my brains, more often than not, are busily devising new and interesting ways of bringing my enemies to sudden, gagging, writhing, agonizing death.
Sarah MacLean, Eleven Scandals to Start to Win a Duke's Heart|I thought he'd pick me, I know he has kids, but when it came down to it, I really thought he'd pick me."Tears rolled down her face and her nose ran. She sniffed."I know I'm selfish""You're human""I wanted him to abandon his children
Shannon L. Alder|No one would have guessed that the jagged pieces of our soul fit the puzzle in this box. We were considered the left over remnants that had no place, except the picture we wanted to create together.
Eckhart Tolle, The Power of Now: A Guide to Spiritual Enlightenment|You are awareness, disguised as a person.
Robin Sacredfire|Most people think that money and love aren’t related topics. But allow me explain this to you in a realistic way. When someone criticizes you but doesn’t see your value, this person is trying to bargain your happiness. When someone doesn’t invest in a relationship, but instead complains about her needs and wants, this person is overpricing herself. When a woman invests more in her outer beautify than inner beauty, she is focusing on her brand, and not quality. When the cost of a relationship exceeds the quality of what you get, you are being cheated. And there’s no such thing as cost for quality, because very often the nicest people you find are also the easiest to hang out with, and the kindest. They make you feel like your life is easy despite any challenges along the way, and that you haven’t lost anything but instead gained a lot. When someone adds value to your life, well then, that person proves to be a great investment. And great investments are worth a lifetime. They require little to be maintained but give you plenty in return. You should never let go a good opportunity, in love and wealth. And if you’re smart enough to understand this, you can be in a fantastic relationship and wealthy at the same time. If you can’t, you probably undervalued yourself.
Philip José Farmer|Imagination is like a muscle. I found out that the more I wrote, the bigger it got.
Marie Rutkoski, The Winner's Kiss|He told himself a story. Not at first. At first, there wasn’t time for thoughts that came in the shape of words. His head was blessedly empty of stories then. War was coming. It was upon him. Arin had been born in the year of the god of death, and he was finally glad of it. He surrendered himself to his god, who smiled and came close. Stories will get you killed, he murmured in Arin’s ear. Now, you just listen. Listen to me.
Emmanuelle de Maupassant, The Gentlemen's Club|She remained in this attitude, clearly inviting him to touch her. Taking a position of advantage, he rested his right hand on her buttock. He considered a moment then raised his arm and brought his palm upon her, delivering a sharp spank. He felt the acuteness of it on his own skin. He gave her another, watching his hand in the mirror opposite, as it made contact. The slap caused her to flinch, but her heard her sigh also: the timbre of which was now familiar to him. He paused, allowing the sensation of the sting to sink in before giving her more. She remained folded over for him, eager for more of his burning smacks upon her flesh. The peach of her cheeks rippled each time under the impact of his blows.
Ellen DeGeneres|My goal is to get another 30 years out of this business. So I need to figure out the fuel to do that. And so far, I think it's respect and quality and company, not celebrity or box office or stardom. It's not a sprinter's approach. It's more like a long-distance thing. You can stick around a lot longer if you kind of slow-play it.
William Feather|Books open your mind, broaden your mind, and strengthen you as nothing else can.
Sarah J. Maas, Heir of Fire|You don't need none of that," she said. "You need headology.
Lily Graham, The Postcard|We live in a very entertaining world, but the sad fact is that so much of that entertainment is fruitless and empty. Only building nothing but failure and sadness.
Tracy Kidder, Strength in What Remains: A Journey of Remembrance and Forgiveness|He would come to feel that history, even more than memory, distorts the present of the past by focusing on big events and making one forget that most people living in the present are otherwise preoccupied, that for them omens often don't exist.
Dr. Dre|I'm a black Catholic raised in Decatur, Georgia, which was very gang-infested. Then, I went to an all-white private high school and excelled in sports and wrote poetry, then played football at the University of Georgia, minoring in drama.
Susan Abulhawa, Mornings in Jenin|We're all born with the greatest treasures we'll ever have in life. One of those treasures is your mind, another is your heart.
Douglas Boren|Let your feet Take you places, let them remind you of the beauty your eyes can't see.
Holly Black, The Coldest Girl in Coldtown|I'm going to take off your gag. And if you try to bite me or grab me or anything, I'll hit you with this thing as hard as I can as many times as I can. Understood?
Yevgeny Zamyatin, We|You're mortal, and only a mortal can afford to be romantic. When we conquered death, we murdered love.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Let discernment be your trustee, and mistakes your teacher.
J.R.R. Tolkien|The world is changing: I feel it in the water, I feel it in the earth, and I smell it in the air.
Wylie Dufresne|It wasn't the traditional cooking most people do. For me, as a young chef, Thanksgiving meant going to work in the kitchen at places like Gotham, JoJo and Jean-Georges.
Keith Steinbaum, The Poe Consequence|He tried to get drunk, “to forget about life for awhile,” as that oldBilly Joel song once said, but the scotch couldn't anesthetize his painand provide a retreat from the reality of his latest failures.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper|Yes, all you need do is to change your orientation and have faith in the Lord Jesus Christ that He can make you whole, change your status, and add value to your destiny.
Deyth Banger|To live in this world "Real World", you should be FUCKING nerd.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|If you think of evil things, you are likely to do evil things and that will never pay you a pesewa. Think of good things and do good always!
Immanuel Kant, Perpetual Peace|Without man and his potential for moral progress, the whole of reality would be a mere wilderness, a thing in vain, and have no final purpose.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets|Harry: "Have you…" he began. "I mean, who … has anyone you known ever died?" "Yes," said Luna simply, "my mother. She was a quite extraordinary witch, you know, but she did like to experiment and one of her spells went rather badly wrong one day. I was nine." "I’m sorry," Harry mumbled. "Yes, it was rather horrible," said Luna conversationally. "I still feel very sad about it sometimes. But I’ve still got Dad. And anyway, it’s not as though I’ll never see Mum again, is it?" "Er – isn’t it?" said Harry uncertainly. She shook her head in disbelief. "Oh, come on. You heard them, just behind the veil, didn’t you?" " You mean…" "In that room in the archway. They were just lurking out of sight, that’s all, you heard them.
Sarah Ockler, Twenty Boy Summer|It was years ago now, on a warm summer night,When the boy came out of the sea.His skin was blue and his hair was white,And he was in love with me.He was wild and true, and right then I knewThat he was in love with me.In our ship we sailed for years on the ocean,Unfettered and totally free.And he gave all his days to his endless devotion,For he was in love with me.I called it a phase and made endless delays,Though he was in love with me.One day the waves swept him right off the shipAnd dropped him into the blue.As his skin turned to water, his hair into fish,He asked if I loved him too.Too late I called through the wind and the water,'I was always in love with you.'I was always in love with you.
Simone Weil|No," said Jacob, "I don't mean to say that this life is just a party, any kind of party. It is a wedding, the most important kind of party, full of joy, fear, hope, and ignorance. And at this party there are enough places and parts for everyone, and if no one can play every part, yet everyone can come to the party, everyone can come to the wedding feast, and anyone who does not know that he is at a wedding feast just does not see what is in front of him. He might as well be dead if he does not know that the world is a wedding.
Henry James, Selected letters|I don't know why we live—the gift of life comes to us from I don't know what source or for what purpose; but I believe we can go on living for the reason that (always of course up to a certain point) life is the most valuable thing we know anything about and it is therefore presumptively a great mistake to surrender it while there is any yet left in the cup. In other words consciousness is an illimitable power, and though at times it may seem to be all consciousness of misery, yet in the way it propagates itself from wave to wave, so that we never cease to feel, though at moments we appear to, try to, pray to, there is something that holds one in one's place, makes it a standpoint in the universe which it is probably good not to forsake. You are right in your consciousness that we are all echoes and reverberations of the same, and you are noble when your interest and pity as to everything that surrounds you, appears to have a sustaining and harmonizing power. Only don't, I beseech you, generalize too much in these sympathies and tendernesses—remember that every life is a special problem which is not yours but another's, and content yourself with the terrible algebra of your own. Don't melt too much into the universe, but be as solid and dense and fixed as you can. We all live together, and those of us who love and know, live so most. We help each other—even unconsciously, each in our own effort, we lighten the effort of others, we contribute to the sum of success, make it possible for others to live. Sorrow comes in great waves—no one can know that better than you—but it rolls over us, and though it may almost smother us it leaves us on the spot and we know that if it is strong we are stronger, inasmuch as it passes and we remain. It wears us, uses us, but we wear it and use it in return; and it is blind, whereas we after a manner see …
Cuthbert Soup, A Whole Nother Story|Yes you are right," said Pavel. "We will succeed simply because we are the best in all of world. We will get LVR by using incredible intelligence." Leon showed he was in full agreement by screaming and hitting himself repeatedly on the head.
Marilynne Robinson, When I Was a Child I Read Books|I love the writers of my thousand books. It pleases me to think how astonished old Homer, whoever he was, would be to find his epics on the shelf of such an unimaginable being as myself, in the middle of an unrumored continent. I love the large minority of the writers on my shelves who have struggled with words and thoughts and, by my lights, have lost the struggle. All together they are my community, the creators of the very idea of books, poetry, and extended narratives, and of the amazing human conversation that has taken place across the millennia, through weal and woe, over the heads of interest and utility.
George Orwell, 1984|We breathe in our first language, and swim in our second.
Tommy Cooper|It's strange, isn't it. You stand in the middle of a library and go 'aaaaagghhhh' and everyone just stares at you. But you do the same thing on an aeroplane, and everyone joins in.
Nassim Nicholas Taleb|What appeals to me? There are things, points of view, uses of the language, habits of dress, ways of thought and believing that came to me from my grandparents and came to them from theirs. Things that are of good use in any situation, no matter what the future may hold.
Auguste Piccard|As to rocket ships flying between America and Europe, I believe it is worth seriously trying for. Thirty years ago persons who were developing flying were laughed at as mad, and that scorn hindered aviation. Now we heap similar ridicule upon stratoplane or rocket ships for trans-Atlantic flights. (1933)[Predicting high-altitude jet aircraft for routine long-distance travel.]
Holly Hood|Trust, you give it and you take it away. You believe it with everything you have in you, you allow your heart to trust somebody else. I trusted very few in life, but sometimes you just needed to give in and fight the urge to flee.
Jill Shalvis, Accidentally on Purpose|On and off the field, you're my hardest fall, Zoe. No one ever compared. No one ever will.
Albert Einstein|One of the strongest motives that lead men to art and science is escape from everyday life with its painful crudity and hopeless dreariness, from the fetters of one's own ever-shifting desires. A finely tempered nature longs to escape from the personal life into the world of objective perception and thought.
Bartlett Sher|One of the things that Dostoevsky talks about is that no character is too high to fall and no character is too low to be redeemed. 'Crime and Punishment' began with a person going out and consciously becoming a cold-blooded murderer, and it took 800 pages and an epilogue before the person finally asked for forgiveness.
John Willis Zumwalt, Passion for the Heart of God|The holy stone looked for all the world like a small iron pineapple, its surface divided into squares by deep grooves, a tarnished silver-steel handle or lever held tight to the side. In ancient times the pineapple was ever the symbol of welcome, though the church used the objects in a different way. Apparently, each theological student of good family and destined for high office was given one on beginning their training and forbidden from pulling the lever on pain of excommunication. A test of obedience they called it. A test of curiosity I called it. Clearly the church wanted bishops who lacked the imagination for exploration and questioning.
Mark Goldblatt|This is a test. This is only a test. If this was my actual life I'd be famous, rich, and thin.
Tina Fey|Okay, sense of humor: plus one. Being able to laugh at yourself: plus one. Being able to laugh at other people without being mean: plus one. Vanity: minus one.
Frank Sonnenberg, Follow Your Conscience: Make a Difference in Your Life & in the Lives of Others|If someone lied to you, and you positively know this is true, you may find delight in telling them they are the most honest person you know; continue flattering them, giving them the most wonderful compliments, including how you're so thankful to have such an honest person in such a deceptive world. But, then again, this may very well make you a liar too.
Belsebuub, Gazing into the Eternal: Reflections upon a Deeper Purpose to Living|The spiritual work builds upon awareness, increases consciousness, transforms it, merges it with the divine, and this is how to reach true spirituality in life.
Virginia Toole|I heard that I am your biggest disappointment,yet, in my heart, I know and feel that I am the greatest version of myself ever and celebrate myself each and every day
All Time Low|I earned my place,With the tidal waves.I can't escape this feeling,That something ain't right.I called my nameAs I crashed the gates,Still I can't escape this feelingThat something ain't right.
Richelle Mead, Spirit Bound|When trees burn, they leave the smell of heartbreak in the air.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|With fame, you can't trust everybody. You can't depend on them being there for you as a person. They will only be there because of what you've got you as a person. They will only be there because of what you've got and what you can bring to their life. It's not a relationship-it's a leech.
David Bayles, Art and Fear: Observations on the Perils (and Rewards) of Artmaking|There are no lines in nature, only areas of colour, one against another.
Phyllis Diller|Grace is in garments, in movements, in manners; beauty in the nude, and in forms. This is true of bodies; but when we speak of feelings, beauty is in their spirituality, and grace in their moderation.
Coretta Scott King|I think we will have full marriage rights in Colorado. But in 1992, there was a very hateful Amendment 2 that basically made it legal for any institution to deny gays and lesbians access, whether it's hospitals or restaurants or employment. Anybody could fire you or not let you in a restaurant because you were gay.
Sintia Astarina, Taman Pasir|....hurts like love, I guess. There's always room for more.
Renata Adler, Speedboat|People who are less happy, I find, are always consoling those who are more.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Use and Misuse of Children|Although they probably know that some children were used and some children are used as miners, most adults are ignorant of the chocolate industry’s use of minors.
Rodney Richards|Now is much better then was, and if and when aren't as great as now - yet.
Sheri S. Tepper|No sentimentality, no romance, no false hope, no self-petting lies, merely that which is!
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|You cannot do anything unless you allow your passion to motivate you. People may tell you, "you can do it", "you can make it" "it's possible" but when you tell yourself always " I can't make it", it's your choice that rules everything!
RJ Blizzard|A young homosexual friend recently said, "It's no secret that you, that one, has such-and-such color hair, is yea high, weighs thus and so, and so on, but when you keep one part of yourself secret, that becomes the most important part of you."And that is true, I think; it may be the most important truth of all.
J.D. Robb, Promises in Death|Roarke: The bodies of the three men were found floating in the Chattahoochee River.Eve: I think it'd be embarrassing to be dead in the Hoochie-Coochie River.Roarke: ChattahoocheeEve: What's the difference?Roarke: Quite a bit, I'd think.
Phil Lesh, Searching for the Sound: My Life with the Grateful Dead|It's a mystery. A man's at odds to know his mind cause his mind is aught he has to know it with. He can know his heart, but he dont want to. Rightly so. Best not to look in there. It aint the heart of a creature that is bound in the way that God has set for it. You can find meanness in the least of creatures, but when God made man the devil was at his elbow. A creature that can do anything. Make a machine. And a machine to make the machine. And evil that can run itself a thousand years, no need to tend it.
Penelope Ward, Stepbrother Dearest|This was a different kind of a kiss, not one that leads to something, but a hard, painful one.It was a goodbye kiss.
Priya Ardis, Ever My Merlin|I don't care how wonderful heaven is, I won't be content waiting thirty years for you.
Kim Cormack, Enlightenment|The days that passed had begun to melt together into weeks and months, creating a twisted mosaic of memories in her mind. Her dreams travelled a tortuous path between what had actually happened, and what could have been.
Ellen G. White|Death, they say, acquits us of all obligations.
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|Well, He had known what love was-a sharp pang, a fierce experience, in the midst of whose flames he was struggling! but, through that furnace he would fight his way out into the serenity of middle age,-all the richer and more human for having known this great passion.
Paul Erdős|Instead of concentrating just on finding good answers to questions, it's more important to learn how to find good questions!
C.S. Lewis, An Experiment in Criticism|In great literature, I become a thousand different men but still remain myself.
Gene Edward Veith Jr.|The doctrine of vocation deals with how God works through human beings to bestow His gifts. God gives us this day our daily bread by means of the farmer the banker, the cooks, And the lady at the check-out counter. He creates new life – the most amazing miracle of all – by means of mothers and fathers. He protects us by means of the police officers, firemen, and our military. He creates. Through artists. He heals by working through doctors, nurses, and others whom He has gifted, equipped, and called to the medical professions.
Hubert Martin|It was a burden on all her muscles. A hollow deeper than her bones. She braced herself though, she knew why Atlas stood so tall.
Tracy Kidder|Outside, the afternoon sun was an orange sliver on an icy horizon.
Dina L. Sleiman, Dauntless|It's been said that people see what they want to see. For that exact reason, look for the good in people, rather than the bad.
Mike Birbiglia, Sleepwalk with Me|The first category is always the man of the present, the second the man of the future. The first preserve the world and people it, the second move the world and lead it to its goal.
Nadja Sam|Our planet is about ... billions of years old. So far, the earliest finds of modern human skeletons come from Africa, which date to nearly 200,000 years ago. We have made such an advanced technological progress, but here we are today, still condemning women based on their sexuality and celebrate it every year. This very 'social' movement is the enemy of women and humanity in general for it is feeding the labels, categorizations, divisions, and inequalities for somewhat 100 years now.Since its inception somewhere in the early 1900s, women were finally given(external) 'rights' allowing us to work and even vote. There used to be and quite outrageously still is a huge inequality in the functions/roles of men and women in homes, workplaces and in civil society. Women were then seen as inferior and still are today, mainly because economic achievement has become one of the most important foundation and determinant in the worthiness/value of an individual."Womens day" pretends to celebrate women but the opposite is true. Through its systematized, preplanned and preconstructed feminist surrogate, women have been slowly but steadily stripped off a secure, nurturing sacred and honoured image as wives, mothers, but above all as procreating human beings representing life and its backbone, are turned into cheap, brainless, sexual objects and hostages of the economy.And whenever the tyranny of materialism and capitalism ends, and we the people as a whole recognize the inherent, deep rootedness and nature of human beings, will the female sex be liberated from feminism.
Gregory Maguire, Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West|You could say that Elphaba brought us together,' said Boq softly. 'I'm closer to her and so I'm closer to you.'Galinda seemed to give up. She leaned her head back on the velvet cushions of the swing and said, 'Boq, you know despite myself I think you're a little sweet. You're a little sweet and you're a little charming and you're a little maddening and you're a little habit-forming.'Boq held his breath.But you're little!' she concluded. 'You're a Munchkin, for god's sake!'He kissed her, he kissed her, he kissed her, little by little by little.
Dee Williams|You must learn that nobody can control everything in the flow of life,” said Dart. “Control is something we all strive for—but you will find, as you become more experienced with magic, that you gain more control over yourself by releasing your need to control life.
Dorothy L. Sayers, Catholic Tales and Christian Songs|Here be dragons to be slain, here be rich rewards to gain;If we perish in the seeking, why, how small a thing is death!
Clement Attlee|The single most exciting thing you encounter in government is competence, because it's so rare.
Ashish Bhardwaj|His soul was swimming in the maelstrom to keep her swim in the peaceful end!" ~ AB
B.A. Paris, Behind Closed Doors|I cry even harder, thinking of how it could have been, of how I thought it would be. For the first time, I want to give up, to die, because suddenly everything is too much and there is no solution in sight.
Richard King, Orientalism and Religion: Post-Colonial Theory, India and the Mystic East|The very fact that 'the mystical' is seen as irrelevant to issues of social and political authority itself reflects contemporary, secularized notions of and attitudes toward power. The separation of the mystical from the political is itself a political decision!
Jamie Farrell, Matched|I knew in that instant that i needed to get to know her spirit, feel that fire, dive into that passion-and i didn’t even know anything about her other than the fact that she was my teammate’s sister and her name was Myla
Frances Hodgson Burnett, A Little Princess|Never did she find anything so difficult as to keep herself from losing her temper when she was suddenly disturbed while absorbed in a book. People who are fond of books know the feeling of irritation which sweeps over them at such a moment. The temptation to be unreasonable and snappish is one not easy to manage."It makes me feel as if something had hit me," Sara had told Ermengarde once in confidence. "And as if I want to hit back. I have to remember things quickly to keep from saying something ill-tempered.
C. JoyBell C.|They say that people are innately afraid of those who need them, they say that people are afraid of "clingy-ness", afraid of attachment, afraid of being needed by another. But I beg to disagree. I believe that people, when looking at someone who is needy of them, see themselves and see their own fears and they go away because they can't handle those fears; it's their own neediness that they're afraid of! They're afraid to want and to need, because they're afraid of loss and of losing, so when they see these things in another, that's when they run away. Nobody is actually running away from other people; everybody is really running away from themselves!
Marcus Samuelsson|The good thing about working alone is I get a lot done and I can experiment more. The bad thing is I miss out on the gregarious, social way that most musicians work.
Jacques Charles|Nothing will ever equal that moment of joyous excitement which filled my whole being when I felt myself flying away from the earth. It was not mere pleasure; it was perfect bliss. Escaped from the frightful torments of persecution and of calumny, I felt that I was answering all in rising abov
Bianca McCormick-Johnson, "I'm G.O.O.D.":|Today, do what you talked about doing yesterday.
Katie Reus, Saved by Darkness|As long as they were together, they could face anything. For the first time in a long time, she didn’t feel alone—and she knew he didn’t either.
Susan Sontag|Do stuff. be clenched, curious. Not waiting for inspiration's shove or society's kiss on your forehead. Pay attention. It's all about paying attention. attention is vitality. It connects you with others. It makes you eager. stay eager.
Debasish Mridha|Every morning, appreciate the golden glowing sun for giving you life. Every evening, appreciate yourself for making the world a little more joyful with your lovely presence.
Jenny Lundquist, The Charming Life of Izzy Malone|I have certainly heard of the Subtle Art of Shutting Up, but I can't say I've practiced it all that much. I greatly prefer the underappreciated genius of Speaking My Mind. I figure if someone doesn't like what I have to say, they shouldn't put their ears in close proximity to my mouth.
Wendell Phillips|What gunpowder did for war, the printing press has done for the mind.
William Hazlitt|On the simplest level, telecommuting makes it harder for people to have the kinds of informal interactions that are crucial to the way knowledge moves through an organization. The role that hallway chat plays in driving new ideas has become a cliche of business writing, but that doesn't make it less true.
Brigid Kemmerer, Storm|The stars were only sparks of the fire which devoured us. Should that fire die out one day, there would be nothing left in the sky but dead stars, dead eyes.
Tanmaya Guru|Its ok to be different, the climate is not the same in every mind
Ruby Wax|The mentally ill frighten and embarrass us. And so we marginalize the people who most need our acceptance. What mental health needs is more sunlight, more candor, more unashamed conversation.
David Levithan, Another Day|Maybe this is what alone really is — finding out how tiny your world is, and not knowing how to get anywhere else.
Jeanne Darst, Fiction Ruined My Family|(backpacker having conversation with Lizzie the Australian main character)Backpacker: 'What's the drinking age in Australia?''eighteen''is that enforced'Lizzie thought for a second before answering seriously, 'yes, they make us drink
Elisabeth Elliot, Through Gates of Splendor|God withholds blessing only in wisdom, never in spite or aloofness.
William James|The world's shortest sermon: "When in doubt... don't!"
Rachel Cohn, Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist|I don't see why ogling same-sex kissing should be the exclusive domain of frat boys whacking off to lesbian action, that's so sexist. Feminism should be all inclusive- it should be about sexual liberation, equal pay for equal work, and the fundamental girl right of boy2boy appreciation.
Terry Pratchett, Wyrd Sisters|The calendar of the Theocracy of Muntab counts down, not up. No-one knows why, but it might not be a good idea to hang around and find out.
Julie Ann Dawson|You can, of course, write to inspire others… but most importantly, you must write to inspire yourself.
Angela Y. Davis|In seeking to understand this gendered difference in the perception of prisoners, it should be kept in mind that as the prison emerged and evolved as the major form of public punishment, women continued to be routinely subjected to forms of punishment that have not been acknowledged as such. For example, women have been incarcerated in psychiatric institutions in greater proportions than in prisons. 79 Studies indicating that women have been even more likely to end up in mental facilities than men suggest that while jails and prisons have been dominant institutions for the control of men, mental institutions have served a similar purpose for women. That deviant men have been constructed as criminal, while deviant women have been constructed as insane. Regimes that reflect this assumption continue to inform the women’s prison. Psychiatric drugs continue to be distributed far more extensively to imprisoned women than to their male counterparts.
Ann Druyan|Science has carried us to the gateway to the universe. And yet our conception of our surroundings remains the disproportionate view of the still-small child. We are spiritually and culturally paralyzed, unable to face the vastness, to embrace our lack of centrality and find our actual place in the fabric of nature. We batter this planet as if we had someplace else to go. That we even do science is a hopeful glimmer of mental health. However, it's not enough merely to accept these insights intellectually while we cling to a spiritual ideology that is not only rootless in nature but also, in many ways, contemptuous of what is natural.
Seja Majeed, The Forgotten Tale of Larsa|For years I've been searching for a homeland, finally I found it in you..
Karl Marx, Eleven Theses on Feuerbach|Instead of sniping at her like Mrs. Mi, Mrs. Ting let my mother do all sorts of things she wanted, like reading novels: before, reading a book without a Marxist cover would bring down a rain of criticism about being a bourgeois intellectual.
Philip Levine|I believed even then that if I could transform my experience into poetry I would give it the value and dignity it did not begin to possess on its own. I thought too that if I could write about it I could come to understand it; I believed that if I could understand my life—or at least the part my work played in it—I could embrace it with some degree of joy, an element conspicuously missing from my life.
Dada Bhagwan|By doing actions, one will not attain Liberation [Moksha]; through understanding leads one to Liberation. The fruit (effect) of action is the worldly life [sansaar].
Ilsa J. Bick, Monsters|Readers love fantasy, but we need horror. Smart horror. Truthful horror. Horror that helps us make sense of a cruelly senseless world.
Adrian Tan|Do not waste the vast majority of your life doing something you hate so that you can spend the small remainder sliver of your life in modest comfort. You may never reach that end anyway.Resist the temptation to get a job. Instead, play. Find something you enjoy doing. Do it. Over and over again. You will become good at it for two reasons: you like it, and you do it often. Soon, that will have value in itself.
Audrey Niffenegger, The Time Traveler's Wife|Don't you think it's better to be extremely happy for a short while, even if you lose it, than to be just okay for your whole life?
Melanie  Crowder, A Nearer Moon|You’ll see,” Mother assured her. “The fish will be just as friendly and the waves just as fresh in the new world the door makers find for us.
Tanya Thistleton, Just and Equitable|Every success and failure of any relationship is two-sided. No matter how thin, the pancake always has two sides. Yes, I blew my marriages. And so did they.
Reba McEntire|A careful inspection showed them that, even if they succeeded in righting it by themselves, the cart would travel no longer. The axles were in a hopeless state, and the missing wheel was shattered into pieces.
Judy Blume|My only advice is to stay aware, listen carefully, and yell for help if you need it.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|Make sure everyone, who works with you or for you, feels the need to tell others about the incredible experience.
Terence McKenna|We have to create culture, don't watch TV, don't read magazines, don't even listen to NPR. Create your own roadshow. The nexus of space and time where you are now is the most immediate sector of your universe, and if you're worrying about Michael Jackson or Bill Clinton or somebody else, then you are disempowered, you're giving it all away to icons, icons which are maintained by an electronic media so that you want to dress like X or have lips like Y. This is shit-brained, this kind of thinking. That is all cultural diversion, and what is real is you and your friends and your associations, your highs, your orgasms, your hopes, your plans, your fears. And we are told 'no', we're unimportant, we're peripheral. 'Get a degree, get a job, get a this, get a that.' And then you're a player, you don't want to even play in that game. You want to reclaim your mind and get it out of the hands of the cultural engineers who want to turn you into a half-baked moron consuming all this trash that's being manufactured out of the bones of a dying world.
Kaori Ozaki, Immortal Rain, Vol. 1|Look. If I touch you with this hand, I can remember touching you, but I can't prove I ever did. If reality is nothing more than what is in our mind...then what is the difference between this world and a dream?
Peter S. Beagle, The Last Unicorn|My son, your ineptitude is so vast, your incompetence so profound, that I am certain you are inhabited by greater power than I have ever known.
Tom Robbins, Jitterbug Perfume|George Bush made a mistake when he referred to the Saddam Hussein regime as 'evil.' Every liberal and leftist knows how to titter at such black-and-white moral absolutism. What the president should have done, in the unlikely event that he wanted the support of America's peace-mongers, was to describe a confrontation with Saddam as the 'lesser evil.' This is a term the Left can appreciate. Indeed, 'lesser evil' is part of the essential tactical rhetoric of today's Left, and has been deployed to excuse or overlook the sins of liberal Democrats, from President Clinton's bombing of Sudan to Madeleine Albright's veto of an international rescue for Rwanda when she was U.S. ambassador to the United Nations. Among those longing for nuance, moral relativism—the willingness to use the term evil, when combined with a willingness to make accommodations with it—is the smart thing: so much more sophisticated than 'cowboy' language.
Debasish Mridha|If everyone practices the power of their love, there will be happiness and no war.
Elliott Abrams|The right to life is guaranteed to all Americans in the Declaration of Independence, and ensuring this is upheld is the Constitutional duty of all members of Congress.
Melanie Cusick-Jones, Hope's Daughter|Oh! I know what I wanted to tell you – you’ll never guess who Thomas is chasing after now…”Hmmm, never guess or can’t be bothered to guess – it was a hard call. I yawned again, glancing at the bed, which was inviting me to clamber back inside and pull the sheet over my head. So tempting, but not practical.
Jennifer E. Smith, The Geography of You and Me|...and it struck her as the truest form of kindness, the most basic sort of love: to be worried about the one who was worrying about you.
Ezra Stiles|Without freedom of the press, there can be no representative government.
Frank Sonnenberg, BookSmart: Hundreds of real-world lessons for success and happiness|Our scars are like the rings in a tree trunk, showing its progress through life. How we heal and move forward through adversity . . . that is what makes the difference.
Anthony Lane, Nobody's Perfect: Writings from The New Yorker|And, instead of pelting these babbling idiots with their own freshly toasted marshmallows, everyone else sitting around the fire is often nodding and smiling and looking solemny thoughtful.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Happiness: The Power of Meditation|The simple act of being completely attentive & present to another person is an act of love, and it fosters unshakeable well-being.
Renata Tebaldi|My mother asked me what I wanted for my birthday, so I said I wanted to read poetry with her.
Daniel C. Dennett, Darwin's Dangerous Idea: Evolution and the Meanings of Life|One reader of an early draft of this chapter complained at this point, saying that by treating the hypothesis of God as just one more scientific hypothesis, to be evaluated by the standards of science in particular and rational thought in general, Dawkins and I are ignoring the very widespread claim by believers in God that their faith is quite beyond reason, not a matter to which such mundane methods of testing applies. It is not just unsympathetic, he claimed, but strictly unwarranted for me simply to assume that the scientific method continues to apply with full force in this domain of truth.Very well, let's consider the objection. I doubt that the defender of religion will find it attractive, once we explore it carefully.The philosopher Ronaldo de Souza once memorably described philosophical theology as "intellectual tennis without a net," and I readily allow that I have indeed been assuming without comment or question up to now that the net of rational judgement was up. But we can lower it if you really want to.It's your serve.Whatever you serve, suppose I return service rudely as follows: "What you say implies that God is a ham sandwich wrapped in tin foil. That's not much of a God to worship!". If you then volley back, demanding to know how I can logically justify my claim that your serve has such a preposterous implication, I will reply: "oh, do you want the net up for my returns, but not for your serves?Either way the net stays up, or it stays down. If the net is down there are no rules and anybody can say anything, a mug's game if there ever was one. I have been giving you the benefit of the assumption that you would not waste your own time or mine by playing with the net down.
Ivan Figueroa-Otero|The road to the heart is not a long, linear path, but this turning. There is no race or competition, just me and God going deeper, carving a canyon to the soul.
Emma Forrest, Your Voice in My Head|In other words, it was a struggle with himself. And the product of that struggle: anger, bitterness, resentment, envy or transformation, aspiration, hope, decency..the product of that struggle is the quality of your life and the nature of your soul.
Lord Byron|Being an actor, imitating to the point of inhabiting the lives of others, may simply be a way of continuing to do what I learned to do as a boy - to travel, mentally and physically.
Haruki Murakami, Blind Willow, Sleeping Woman|I love you enough to tell you the truth whether you want to hear it or not, but what you do afterward is your choice alone.
Philip Pullman|I write almost always in the third person, and I don't think the narrator is male or female anyway. They're both, and young and old, and wise and silly, and sceptical and credulous, and innocent and experienced, all at once. Narrators are not even human - they're sprites.
Doris Kearns Goodwin|I liked the military life. They teach you self-sufficiency early on. I always say that I learned most of what I know about leadership in the Marine Corps. Certain basic principles stay with you - sometimes consciously, mostly unconsciously.
Steven D. Levitt, Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything|There are three basic flavours of incentive: economic, social and moral.
Loung Ung|He will be someone who is defined, first and always, by what he is missing.
Kenneth Eade, HOA Wire|There are not so many murders in this township, I think to myself, and not so few policemen, that a killing should be treated like an old woman who has lost her cat.
Susan Griffin, A Chorus of Stones: The Private Life of War|What was it like then to witness the transformation wrought by this construction? A geometric idea of precision suddenly imposed on a landscape, lived on and in for centuries. The land itself like a body submitted to military discipline. Or like a mind, tutored along certain acceptable pathways, so that finally all that lies outside certain avenues of thought begins to assume an air of unreality.The land of course is still there. Only now it has receded into the background. It is what you see in your peripheral vision as you speed down the highway. The complexity of it, the intricate presence of it, has been reduced now to a single word, jungle. If once you breathed its breath or slept surrounded by its dark or wakened with its light, you no longer remember. You tell yourself life has improved. The jungle is in the past. To enter it is to stray from the path, or to be pulled down into some unknown depth. It is an exotic place, intriguing but also unpredictable, uncontrolled, threatening the well-paved order of existence.
George Harrison|We believe that every single child has boundless promise, no matter who they are, where they come from, or how much money their parents have. We've got to remember that. We believe that each of these young people is a vital part of the great American story.
Irene Joliot-Curie|Disruption is a critical element of the evolution of technology - from the positive and negative aspects of disruption a typical pattern emerges, as new technologies come to market and subsequently take hold.
Karen V. Wasylowski|Tell me, Mr. Bennet, how can we amuse you during your visit? Do you hunt?” Lady Catherine was spooning her turtle soup, blowing delicately to cool it.“I am certain an animal would sooner die of laughter than gunshot wound if I even made the attempt.
William Shakespeare, Measure for Measure|So much anger in here. So much hate. So much to take out on someone. This time it's going to count. She's adrift in the middle of the Pacific Ocean, three hundred kilometers from land. She's alone. She has nothing to eat. It doesn't matter. None of it matters. She's alive; that alone gives her the upper hand.
Jane McGonigal|Grown-ups and children are not readily encouraged to unearth the power of words. Adults are repeatedly assured a picture is worth a thousand of them, while the playground response to almost any verbal taunt is 'Sticks and stones may break my bones, but words will never hurt me.' I don't beg so much as command to differ.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|Most organized religions often succeed in enslaving the soul through useless traditions, prejudices and ideological divisions. Yet, true spiritual enlightenment and everlasting freedom can only be found in the perfect wisdom that LOVE is the truest most fundamental foundation of every faith which should, inevitably, lead every seeker down the path to the most profound introspective spiritual understanding one could ever know...we are all one.
T.J. Klune, Bear, Otter, and the Kid|If you're a boy, any display of sensitivity is gay. Compassion is gay. Crying is supergay. Reading is usually gay. Certain songs and types of music are gay. 'Enola Gay' would certainly be thought gay. Love songs are gay. Love itself is incredibly gay, as are any other heartfelt emotions. Singing is gay, but chanting is not gay. Wanking contests are not gay. Neither is all-male cuddling during specially designated periods in football matches, or communal bathing thereafter. (I didn't invent the rules of gay - I'm just telling you what they are.)
Dan Jenkins|I'm interested in Linux because of the technology, and Linux wasn't started as any kind of rebellion against the 'evil Microsoft empire.'
Joshua Foer|I've always felt that what I have going for me is not my imagination, because everyone has an imagination. What I have is a relentlessly controlled imagination. What looks like wild invention is actually quite carefully calculated.
Sheila Jeffreys|Until the sixteenth century, men—priests, academics, judges, merchants, princes, and many others—wore skirts, or robes. For men, the skirt was a 'sign of leisure and a symbol of dignity,' writes Quentin Bell. This is still true for men in high positions. After all, can you imagine the Pope, or Professor Dumbledore, wearing trousers? Have you ever seen a depiction of God wearing pants?
Al Gore|Our young people are patriots and heroes whom we can be proud of before the world; that they have a large contingent of such trustworthy young people is a great blessing for the Workers' Party of Korea and a source of pride for Korea, and this assures the great strength of our dignified state and its bright future.
Laura Anderson Kurk, Perfect Glass|I worried I would miss it, and I knew, from losing Wyatt, that things happen the moment the soul is released. Wyatt had been there in the school, watching me, making sure I survived. Souls linger…they do. They linger a bit before they turn toward eternity. It could be that no matter how perfect their future will be, the past still tugs for a moment.
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|They are the humans, who are uniquely adorned with the priceless characteristic of empathizing. They are the humans who shed tears full of purity and piety, when they see even a complete stranger in pain and misery. They are the humans who come together to save a kid in the neighborhood when he is trapped under the wreckage of his fallen home, regardless of caste, creed and religion.
Jess Rothenberg, The Catastrophic History of You and Me|What they had wasn't ordinary, or subject to the ordinary rules of relationships and breakups. They belonged to each other totally, and always would, and that was that. But maybe everyone felt that way? Until the moment they realized they were just like everyone else, and everything they'd thought was real shattered apart.
Ralph Steadman|People who are humble about their own nature are moral realists. Moral realists are aware that we are all built from “crooked timber”— from Immanuel Kant’s famous line, “Out of the crooked timber of humanity, no straight thing was ever made.
Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum|I learned a long time ago that some people would rather die than forgive. It's a strange truth, but forgiveness is a painful and difficult process. It's not something that happens overnight. It's an evolution of the heart.
Dhanush|Growing up, I had an insane crush on Neil Tennant of the Pet Shop Boys.
Debolina Bhawal|The only thing we can try to do is to influence the direction scientists are taking. Since we might soon be able to engineer our desires too, perhaps the real questions facing us is not 'What do we want to become?', but "What do we want to want?' Those who are not spooked by this question probably haven't given it enough thought.
P.T. Patrick|So many powerful, inspirational, insightful, hopeful and connected speeches today. It's been a joy to feel the energy of the women's marches all over the country and world. Feeling optimistic and energized.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban|Happiness can be found, even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light.
Deepak Chopra, The Way of the Wizard: Twenty Spiritual Lessons for Creating the Life You Want|The basis of everything in the wizards' world rests upon the insight "All this is myself." Therefore, in accepting the world as it is, the wizard views everything in the light of self-acceptance, which is the light of love.
Sravani Saha Nakhro|Life is real. life is earnest, and the grave is not its goal.
Tammara Webber, Breakable|Fred, George, Harry, and Ron were the only ones who knew that the angel on top of the tree was actually a garden gnome that had bitten Fred on the ankle as he pulled up carrots for Christmas dinner. Stupefied, painted gold, stuffed into a miniature tutu and with small wings glued to its back, it glowered down at them all, the ugliest angel Harry had ever seen, with a large bald head like a potato and rather hairy feet.
Frank Herbert, Dune|Good things don’t happen in bulk, they take ample time. You have to have patience.
Derrick Rose|Don't force your kids into sports. I never was. To this day, my dad has never asked me to go play golf. I ask him. It's the child's desire to play that matters, not the parent's desire to have the child play. Fun. Keep it fun.
Anita Shreve, Sea Glass|Poverty, her mother has written, makes you clever, and Honora knows that this is true.
Erin Kellison, Lay Me Down|He was wearing a gleaming cream-coloured linen suit, and a Panama hat. The weirdest thing about this was that he was not the most outlandish-looking person in the room by a long way. Not that Little Miss Dresses-Like-Bogart over here has a right to complain
Rory MacLean|I was told at first that being different was a bad thing. Everywhere I went, it was just, 'You're too different'... And it turned out that being different was the best thing that ever happened to my career. It is why people travel to my shows. It's why people want to hear my story and buy my book.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|The revealed and mystic literature of mankind bears ample testimony to the fact that religious experience has been too enduring and dominant in the history of mankind to be rejected as mere illusion. There seems to be no reason, then, to accept the normal level of human experience as fact and reject its other levels as mystical and emotional.
Anthon St. Maarten, Divine Living: The Essential Guide To Your True Destiny|I can pretty much guarantee that you will at some point find yourself doing something that at one point you swore you'd never do. You'll do it for the sake of getting high, either directly or indirectly. Trust me. It will happen. You might think you know yourself better than anyone, but you have yet to become acquainted with your addiction. It will introduce itself in ways that you never thought were possible.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|Rummaging in our souls, we often dig up something that ought to have lain there unnoticed. 
Jim George, A Husband After God's Own Heart|Thanks be to God that, even though at times we may “forget” Him, He never forgets us.
Doris Kearns Goodwin|There was really no friendship in modeling, though a certain amount of warmth comes from running into models you know on shoots, because you end up in so many unfamiliar places, from Alaska to Africa.
Amy Jackson|When Arizona became a state, the federal government granted our founders nearly 11 million acres of state land. Every time we sell a piece of that land, proceeds go into the Land Trust where the money is invested and earns interest.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|She would put her “naïve American optimism” toward making herself indispensable to him, and she’d win him. Because naïve American optimism beat out English cynicism any day.
Francesca Zappia, Made You Up|Is this what Principal Fontana meant by the phrase 'well-rounded'?It’s fucking spherical, Catamounts.
Tabare Vazquez|The bill would ban human cloning, and any attempts at human cloning, for both reproductive purposes and medical research. Also forbidden is the importing of cloned embryos or products made from them.
Arianna Huffington|We determine whether a book is for boys or girls long before the reader gets a chance to decide: we package them with soldiers and ballet slippers on their covers, war machines and glittering gowns.
Juliet Winters Carpenter, The Fall of Language in the Age of English|Danes express their strongest feelings in conjunction with food. That became clear to me the first time I was out visiting friends with Moritz. When I took a third helping of cookies, he looked straight at me."Keep on taking until you're ashamed of yourself," he said.I wasn't confident about my Danish, but I understood what he meant. I helped myself three more times. Without taking my eyes off him. The room disappeared, the people we were visiting disappeared, I didn't taste the cookies. Only Moritz existed."I'm still not ashamed," I said.I helped myself three more times. Then he grabbed the platter and put it out of my reach. I had won. The first of a long series of small, important victories over him and Danish manners.
Diane Setterfield, The Thirteenth Tale|Art, its completeness, its formedness, its finishedness, had no power to console. Words, on the other hand, were a lifeline.
Clarence Stein|The Earth reminded us of a Christmas tree ornament hanging in the blackness of space. As we got farther and farther away it diminished in size. Finally it shrank to the size of a marble, the most beautiful marble you can imagine.
Ayelet Waldman|Abortion is defended today as a means of ensuring the equality and independence of women, and as a solution to the problems of single parenting, child abuse, and the feminization of poverty.
Alton Thompson|Christmas is never over, unless you want it to be.
Joan Collins|All of my work is influenced by fairy tales, and I hope my work shows Hans Christian Anderson's influence.
Jane Austen, Persuasion|I do not think I ever opened a book in my life which had not something to say upon woman's inconstancy. Songs and proverbs, all talk of woman's fickleness. But perhaps you will say, these were all written by men.""Perhaps I shall. Yes, yes, if you please, no reference to examples in books. Men have had every advantage of us in telling their own story. Education has been theirs in so much higher a degree; the pen has been in their hands. I will not allow books to prove anything.
Leo Tolstoy|Some painters transform the sun into a yellow spot, others transform a yellow spot into the sun.
Arlie Corday, Cinderella Shoots the Moon|You get out of hell one step at a time." -- Abbie Sullivan, "Cinderella Shoots the Moon.
Peggy Lampman, Simmer and Smoke: A Southern Tale of Grit and Spice|You must welcome bounty whenever it comes, hunti man. It is often inconvenient. But if you insist on accepting it only when it suits your schedule, you will find yourself very poor.
Kelly Moran, Winter's Path|I'll never get to hear her say, 'I love you, Mommy,' like other parents take for granted.
Luke Evans|When I'm wearing too-high heels and swaying my hips, I do that Sharon Stone kind of thing - she has the sexiest walk, a New York cool thing that throws you back.
Tom Robbins, Another Roadside Attraction|Hardly a pure science, history is closer to animal husbandry than it is to mathematics in that it involves selective breeding. The principal difference between the husbandryman and the historian is that the former breeds sheep or cows or such and the latter breeds (assumed) facts. The husbandryman uses his skills to enrich the future, the historian uses his to enrich the past. Both are usually up to their ankles in bullshit.
Christopher Paolini, Inheritance|He's acting as foolish as a kitten... but then, everyone's entitled to a little foolishness once in a while.
Sapkowski, Andrzej|You thought?" The landsknecht glanced at him piteously. "With what, I wonder? If you swallowed a cockroach with your soap, dolt, you'd have more intelligence in your guts than in your head.
Max Lucado, In the Eye of the Storm and the Applause of Heaven Two Inspirational Classics in One Volume|So many people who hear of my adventure tell me they wish they could do what I'm doing. They admire me and think I have courage. They wish they could do something equally as daring in their own life. I think they give me too much credit. I'm living out the consequences of my decisions, that's all. My priorities powered this adventure. The same propellant rests inside each of them.
Robert Edison Fulton Jr., One Man Caravan|But wherever there is man, there must be some sort of route
William Ellery Channing|Reading is the royal road to intellectual eminence...Truly good books are more than mines to those who can understand them. They are the breathings of the great souls of past times. Genius is not embalmed in them, but lives in them perpetually.
Barbara Delinsky, Sweet Salt Air|Aim high, hit high.
Michael Moorcock, The Knight of the Swords|Therefore it seemed a dreadful injustice that these wise races should perish at the hands of creatures who were still little more than animals. It was as if vultures feasted on and squabbled over the paralyzed body of the youthful poet who could only stare at them with puzzled eyes as they slowly robbed him of an exquisite existence they would never appreciate, never know they were taking.
John Wooden|Faith moves mountains, but you have to keep pushing while you are praying.
Elizabeth Lucye Robillard|Hate and love were both conceived in fear, perhaps that was why they were nearly the same thing, but only one was steeped in hope.
Francis William Bourdillon|The night has a thousand eyes,And the day but one; Yet the light of the bright world dies With the dying sun. The mind has a thousand eyes, And the heart but one: Yet the light of a whole life dies When love is done.
Jincy Willett, Jenny and the Jaws of Life: Short Stories|But Andrew was right about one thing. Human beings need to tell stories. Historically, it's the quickest way we have for transmitting useful information to other members of our species. Stories are not simply nice things to have; they are essential survival tools. And yes, the stories we tell ourselves are just as important as the stories we tell other people.
Roshan Sharma|In any moment of time, you have three paths to choose from. You stand for something, you stand against something, or you drop both, and walk with your inner truth.
Nate Holland|I am just enjoying what cricket has given me. In sports, it's obviously really important for all of us to remain fit - and health is wealth, so health comes with the sport.
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|Someone. Everyone. Anyone. No-one. One. One can't be everyone, but there isn't more than one everyone, at the same time. And at the same time no-one can't be someone, but anyone can be one, and also anyone can be a no-one. To sum up - everyone is someone, and any-one becomes a no-one if you divide the one part long enough by every part of every-one, so in conclusion, I have no idea what I’m talking about, basically.
George W. Bush|A passion for politics stems usually from an insatiable need, either for power, or for friendship and adulation, or a combination of both.
Ravi Shankar|I'm very loyal to my south fans and the industry there. So, it's hard for me leave all the love, respect, and admiration and shift base here. I'm a Mumbai girl and have lived here for most of my life. At the same time, I've spent 10 years of my life in the South and feel like a south Indian at heart.
Robin Sacredfire|People always get exactly what they believe to deserve, despite the fact that they may be unhappy with what they have. We are 100% responsible for our destiny, and I would dare to say 200%, because we do create the conditions for the future we end up attracting to our lives. But, the challenge is in learning to see it, and noticing how we do this. Therefore, there's really nothing to regret about life.
Russell Simmons|Mostly I want to talk positive; I wanna talk about a bunch of great kids that I coached and made me look good and the university that I've seen grow from a cow college, which it was, only 12,000 people, and when I came here, we weren't at Pennsylvania State University, we were at Penn State College.
Daniel L. Everett, Don't Sleep, There are Snakes: Life and Language in the Amazonian Jungle|The full measure of a culture embraces both the actions of a people and the quality of their aspirations, the nature of the metaphors that propel their lives. And no description of a people can be complete without reference to the character of their homeland, the ecological and geographical matrix in which they have determined to live out their destiny. Just as a landscape defines character, culture springs from a spirit of place.
Marty Rubin|Everybody calls me "Marty." I never know what to call myself.
Ashleigh Brilliant|My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I'm right.
C. JoyBell C.|The shame and the downfall of a modern materialistic society is her inability to treasure, care for, admire, adore, cherish, value, revere, respect, uphold, uplift, protect, shield, defend, safeguard, treasure and love her children. I praise all the cultures of this world that naturally harbor and actively manifest these instincts. If a nation or if a population of people fails to recognize the excellent value and distinction of the lives of her children and is defective enough to have lost the capability of expressing and acting upon these instincts then there is nothing that can save that nation or those people. The prosperity of a people is not measured in banks, financial markets, economy and the death of its humanity is evident not through the loss of life but in the loss of love for its children.
Barry Williams|Don't threaten me with love, baby. Let's just go walking in the rain.
Carl Sagan, Cosmos|Part of the resistance to Darwin and Wallace derives from our difficulty in imagining the passage of the millennia, much less the aeons. What does seventy million years mean to beings who live only one-millionth as long? We are like butterflies who flutter for a day and think it is forever.
Mark Sisson, Primal Blueprint 21-Day Total Body Transformation: A Step-by-Step, Gene Reprogramming Action Plan|Our ancestors, who were able to survive and reproduce under unimaginably harsh environmental circumstances, refined and perfected the human genetic recipe.
Cindy C. Bennett, Rapunzel Untangled|At the end of the week, you told me that you were going on a long trip, but someday you would come back and marry me.”Arianna giggled. “Did I really say that?” she asked, mortified at her bold younger self.“Yes, but I suppose it doesn’t count if you don’t remember. Oh yeah, not to mention the fact you told two of the butlers, three maids, and your favorite cook you wanted to marry them also
Laura Smith|The next morning, I woke up to hear Becky moaning and rustling around in her bed covers.“I’m so itchy!” she cried.“So scratch!” I said, groggily, but suddenly, I felt itchy too. So, I started scratching my legs. They felt better until I stopped scratching. Then, it started to burn. I threw back the covers and saw that my legs were covered in red bumps.“My legs!” I yelled.Becky looked over at me. Then, she pulled back her covers. Her legs were even worse. She gasped.“Mom!” I cried.Mom came in. She was ready for work, wearing her dress shirt and gym shorts. She only had to dress up the top half of her body in case she had to use her webcam to talk to her boss.“What is it?” she asked.“Look!” I said, showing her our legs.“Oh no! That’s poison ivy!” she cried, “Where were you guys playing yesterday?” “The woods,” I said.“You must have been sitting in it,” she said.- The Castle Park Kids
Ambrose Bierce|I came into this environment where there was so much love, so much positive energy. I never heard my parents say, 'We have adopted kids.' The minute my sister Linda and I landed in Sweden, we were their kids.
Ayaan Hirsi Ali, Infidel|Infuriatingly stupid analysts - especially people who called themselves Arabists, yet who seemed to know next to nothing about the reality of the Islamic world - wrote reams of commentary [after 9/11]. Their articles were all about Islam saving Aristotle and the zero, which medieval Muslim scholars had done more than eight hundred years ago; about Islam being a religion of peace and tolerance, not the slightest bit violent. These were fairy tales, nothing to do with the real world I knew.
Napoleon Bonaparte|Well, look at what people are doing for returned veterans now. The wounded warriors. They're working hard to make the wounded veterans feel that they are loved and welcomed home, unlike Vietnam. It was not a very kind, gentle world then. I think we are kinder and gentler.
Amy Lane, Chase in Shadow|The library door was thick and none of the ordinary sounds that might have reminded them, might have held them back, could reach them. They were beyond the present, outside time, with no memories and no future,
William J. Bennett|Happiness is like a cat. If you try to coax it or call it, it will avoid you. It will never come. But if you pay no attention to it and go about your business, you'll find it rubbing up against your legs and jumping into your lap.
Karl Pearson, The Grammar of Science|… scientific thought does not mean thought about scientific subjects with long names. There are no scientific subjects. The subject of science is the human universe; that is to say, everything that is, or has been, or may be related to man.
Dong Dong|The key to success is to keep growing in all areas of life - mental, emotional, spiritual, as well as physical.
Elijah Parish Lovejoy|The olive branch has been consecrated to peace, palm branches to victory, the laurel to conquest and poetry, the myrtle to love and pleasure, the cypress to mourning, and the willow to despondency.
Paulo Coelho, Warrior of the Light|We spend so long trying to be what other people want,that when we look in the mirror,we see a stranger.
Ash Krafton, Bleeding Hearts|Raymond continued circling me, and I looked back at him. “Anyway, I know Lilith hates your guts, and she would have killed you yesterday if you hadn’t managed to escape.”He stopped and stepped closer, I didn’t back away. His gaze traveled the length of my body and fixed on my face, he seemed to like what he saw. I barely kept myself from flinching. “If I were king, things would be different. I could make you my queen.” Eew. I left my face blank, and raised an eyebrow. “Thanks for the offer, but no thanks. I’m not really into necrophilia.
Francis of Assisi|We should always look upon ourselves as God's servants, placed in God's world, to do his work; and accordingly labour faithfully for him; not with a design to grow rich and great, but to glorify God, and do all the good we possibly can.
Himanshu Chhabra|It was the happiest moment of my life, though I didn't know it.
David Petraeus|Authenticity is everything! You have to wake up every day and look in the mirror, and you want to be proud of the person who's looking back at you. And you can only do that if you're being honest with yourself and being a person of high character. You have an opportunity every single day to write that story of your life.
Jeanette Winterson, Gut Symmetries|Material possessions do not last, but memories last forever.
Laurie Nadel, Dr. Laurie Nadel's Sixth Sense: Unlocking Your Ultimate Mind Power|When in doubt, reinforce your self-trust.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Nature|I don't think I'll ever grow old and say, "What was I thinking eating all those fruits and vegetables?
Vladimir Nabokov|But after all we are not children, not illiterate juvenile delinquents, not English public school boys who after a night of homosexual romps have to endure the paradox of reading the Ancients in expurgated versions.
A.P.J. Abdul Kalam, Indomitable Spirit|When learning is purposeful, creativity blossoms. When creativity blossoms, thinking emanates. When thinking emanates, knowledge is fully lit. When knowledge is lit, economy flourishes.
Neal Stephenson, Zodiac|Were it not Folly, Spider-like to spinThe Thread of present Life away to win-What? for ourselves, who know not if we shallBreathe out the very Breath we now breathe in!
Stephen Richards, Be First: Achieve Every Dream|Just like a sailor who knows before reaching land that it is nearing, life too gives certain signals which indicate how closer you are to manifesting.
Clive Barker|I really should be studying now, but you're much more important to me than a .50 calibre machine gun.
Karen  Gibbs, A Gallery of Scrapbook Creations|Recipe for friendship:2 cups of TRUST, 1 dash of CARING, 2 cups of UNDERSTANDING, 2 spoonfuls of SHARED SECRETS, 1 cup of MUTUAL AFFECTION, 1 spoonful of CRAZY, and a whole bag of FUN
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|To persist with a goal, you must treasure the dream more than the costs of sacrifice to attain it.
Tom Wolfe, The Bonfire of the Vanities|In New York, the buildings are like mountains in some ways, but they are only alive because of the people living in them. Real mountains are alive all over.
Charles Baxter|If you want to see the consequences of ideas, write a story. If you want to see the consequences of belief, write a story in which somebody is acting on the ideas or beliefs that she has. 
Cole McCade, A Second Chance at Paris|He was a Parisian,’ he said. ‘You can never be sure what Parisians believe in – beyond Paris of course.
Seraphim Rose, Genesis, Creation, and Early Man: The Orthodox Christian Vision|I would urge us to be not too certain of our accustomed ways of looking at Genesis, and to open ourselves to the wisdom of the God-bearing men of the past who have devoted so much intellectual effort to understanding the text of Genesis as it was meant to be understood. These Holy Fathers are our key to understanding Genesis.
Charbel Tadros|Knowledge, degrees and diplomas are not for everyone, but wisdom is. True wisdom is in being happy doing what you do best no matter how trivial it may seem as long as it is beneficial to you and to those around you.
Nanamoli Thera|If you can find no way of getting the Notes duplicated, why not try the Ministry of Cultural Affairs, who might be sympathetic (provided they do not actually read them)? I must, however, confess to a rooted dislike—perhaps you share it?—of seeking the help of Official (particularly Government) Bodies. Whenever anyone addresses me in his official capacity, I am at once filled with a desire to attack the Official Body he represents. I have every sympathy with the Irishman who, on being fined five shillings for Contempt of Court, asked the Magistrate to make it ten shillings; 'Five shillings' he explained 'do not adequately express the Contempt I have for this Court'. I am quite unable to identify myself with any organized body or cause (even if it is a body of opposition or a lost cause). I am a born blackleg. I thoroughly approve of E. M. Forster's declaration, 'If I had to choose between betraying my country and betraying my friend, I hope I should have the guts to betray my country'. For me, there is no doubt that the very small word in the centre of the blank canvas at the end of 'The Artist at Work' is solitaire, not solidaire.
Jim Lynch, The Highest Tide|In that shrinking moment he discovered that he had never hated anyone until now. It was a feeling as pure as love, but dispassionate and icily rational.
Shailene Woodley|I always loved family holidays, and I had this vision and dream as a little girl of having a big family of my own.
Sarah Addison Allen, The Sugar Queen|Nothing is as tedious as the limping days,When snowdrifts yearly cover all the ways,And ennui, sour fruit of incurious gloom,Assumes control of fate’s immortal loom
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|All human beings desire to be in a better space and a better place. We all want a peaceful and prosperous life for ourselves and our families. When you don't manage your emotions in high stress, high-pressure situations, you get the opposite of what you want. The domino affect impacts how you live, eat and provide for your family. Is it worth it? Never. Control your emotions. Manage your choices. Your life is depending on it.
Sirio Maccioni|Celebrity, to me, is not a thing to seek.
Deyth Banger, The Life Of One Kid|Nearly everyday life leans over and says, ‘Come on down!’ But standing at the bottom looking up, it’s finally dawned on me that it’s not these invitations that have dug this hole. Rather, it’s the fact that I accepted them.
Ortega y Gasset|He had not the benefit of existentialist terminology; but what he felt was a very clear case of the anxiety of freedom - that is, the realization that one is free and the realization that being free is a situation of terror
A.H. Septimius|If we act in clean way, we shall clear the city of any dirt.
Abhysheq Shukla, Feelings Undefined: The Charm of the Unsaid|Life is about the moments you create,that you can keep with you forever.After everything is over,That is what we have or what we are left with.
Theodore Roethke|Dark, dark my light, and darker my desire.My soul, like some heat-maddened summer fly,Keeps buzzing at the sill. Which I is I?
Julie   Johnson, The Monday Girl|I read once that the best thing that can happen to a woman is to get her heart broken. Before that, she has no real sense of herself. No real sense of pain, because only in love does she know what it’s like to find the one thing that gives her breath and then to lose it. After that she knows she can survive. No matter what relationships come and go, she can count on herself to pull through, and although it hurts, the break is necessary.
Titanic|Where to, Miss?To the stars.
Hugh Ross|To doubt God is to doubt one's own conscience, and in consequence, it would be to doubt everything; and then what is life for?
David Gilmour|I got hold of a copy of the video that showed how Saddam Hussein had actually confirmed himself in power. This snuff-movie opens with a plenary session of the Ba'ath Party central committee: perhaps a hundred men. Suddenly the doors are locked and Saddam, in the chair, announces a special session. Into the room is dragged an obviously broken man, who begins to emit a robotic confession of treason and subversion, that he sobs has been instigated by Syrian and other agents. As the (literally) extorted confession unfolds, names begin to be named. Once a fellow-conspirator is identified, guards come to his seat and haul him from the room. The reclining Saddam, meanwhile, lights a large cigar and contentedly scans his dossiers. The sickness of fear in the room is such that men begin to crack up and weep, rising to their feet to shout hysterical praise, even love, for the leader. Inexorably, though, the cull continues, and faces and bodies go slack as their owners are pinioned and led away. When it is over, about half the committee members are left, moaning with relief and heaving with ardent love for the boss. (In an accompanying sequel, which I have not seen, they were apparently required to go into the yard outside and shoot the other half, thus sealing the pact with Saddam. I am not sure that even Beria or Himmler would have had the nerve and ingenuity and cruelty to come up with that.)
Idries Shah, Reflections|The stupidest man I ever met had a favourite saying. It was: 'What do you think I am, stupid, or something?
Nityananda Das, Divine Union|I wanted to bathe in plum juice, rediscover my body and adorn it in kiwi circles.
Paul Valéry|Follow the path of your aroused thought, and you will soon meet this infernal inscription: There is nothing so beautiful as that which does not exist.
Jessica Valenti, Full Frontal Feminism|What’s the worst possible thing you can call a woman? Don’t hold back, now.You’re probably thinking of words like slut, whore, bitch, cunt (I told you not to hold back!), skank.Okay, now, what are the worst things you can call a guy? Fag, girl, bitch, pussy. I’ve even heard the term “mangina.”Notice anything? The worst thing you can call a girl is a girl. The worst thing you can call a guy is a girl. Being a woman is the ultimate insult. Now tell me that’s not royally fucked up.
Seal|You know, I think the greatest gift in the world is a good employee, you know, or people who can do your work for you and do it well the way you'd like to have it done. And I've always been able to surround myself with really good people.
David Brion Davis, Inhuman Bondage: The Rise and Fall of Slavery in the New World|It was the mission of the Confederacy, ordinary whites were told, to carry out God’s design for an inferior and dependent race. Slaveholders claimed that owning slaves always entailed a duty and a burden — a duty and burden that defined the moral superiority of the South. And this duty and burden was respected by millions of nonslaveholding whites, who were prepared to defend it with their lives. That, perhaps, was the ultimate meaning of a “slave society.
Alice Paul|During my pre-college years, I went on many trips with my father into the oil fields to visit their operations. On Saturday mornings, I often went with him to visit the company shop. I puttered around the machine, electronics, and automobile shops while he carried on his business.
Mahmoud Darwish|I believe in the power of poetry, which gives me reasons to look ahead and identify a glint of light.
David Cronenberg|I have no rules. For me, it's a full, full experience to make a movie. It takes a lot of time, and I want there to be a lot of stuff in it. You're looking for every shot in the movie to have resonance and want it to be something you can see a second time, and then I'd like it to be something you can see 10 years later, and it becomes a different movie, because you're a different person. So that means I want it to be deep, not in a pretentious way, but I guess I can say I am pretentious in that I pretend. I have aspirations that the movie should trigger off a lot of complex responses.
Zoe Forward, The Way You Bite|We can’t do this on so many levels,” she whispered. But I don’t care." Vee, The Way You Bite
Tom McDonough, The Situationists and the City: A Reader|We are bored in the city, to still discover mysteries on the signs along the street, latest state of humor and poetry, requires getting damned tired...Gilles Ivain (aka Ivan Chtcheglov)
Babe Ruth|You can't put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get.
Annie Fisher, The Greater Picture|He was always worrying about me – even when we were kids. If I scraped my knee or fell off my bike, he was the first one to help me up and make sure Mom got a Band-Aid.” “I remember.” I smile. “He was the quintessential big brother.” “He was. But that’s just it – he’s not here to protect me anymore, Anna. And you don’t have to be, either. I know I let stuff get crazy. I didn’t mean to be like that – it just kind of happened. You couldn’t have changed that. I – it was something I had to go through myself.” My throat tightens. “I felt like I let him down,” I say. “All that stuff with smoking and Johan and Jake – I didn’t take care of you. I couldn’t even keep that one simple promise.” “Anna, my brother died. There’s no way you could protect me from that. It’s up to me, now. I let him down. I let me down.
Mehmet Murat ildan|This is our Country, there is nobody else who is going to come from outside to defend us. We need to wake up and defend ourselves to make this Country a beautiful and better Country for all of us.
Stephanie Pearl-McPhee, Knitting Rules!: The Yarn Harlot Unravels the Mysteries of Swatching, Stashing, Ribbing & Rolling to Free Your Inner Knitter|Sweaters need to be imagined, dreamed over.
Lea Michele, Brunette Ambition|We live in a world of self-deprecation, and while it’s healthy to make fun of ourselves from time to time, it bothers me when I see women of all ages belittling their accomplishments because they don’t want to appear boastful or overconfident. You don’t see a lot of guys out there underplaying their strengths or making light of what they’re good at, so why should women? While I get that there’s a fine line between owning your accomplishments and reciting every line of your résumé, there is absolutely no shame in being proud of what you’ve managed to achieve! Own it!
Robert C. Solomon, No Excuses: Existentialism and the Meaning of Life|We choose our friends on the basis of, among other things, our conception of ourselves. That's not to say that friendship is narcissistic, it doesn't follow that we choose people 'like ourselves'; in fact we might choose people very different than ourselves. For example, if I'm not very intelligent, and I'm concerned about my lack of intelligence, I might take up with an extremely intelligent woman, precisely in order to have her intelligence, in some sense, radiate onto me.The idea is that in friendship what we do is we pick people who are going to reinforce, in some sense, our own conception of ourselves. So if I think of myself as intelligent, or I want to think of myself as intelligent, whether or not I pick a partner who is also intelligent, what is going to be essential is that it's going to be a partner who somehow expands my notion of my own intelligence, either by telling me all the time, perhaps, how intelligent I am, or maybe by always contradicting me in such a way that I can prove my intelligence with her or him.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|A Christian’s citizenship may be in heaven, but he has obligations as a citizen of earth. Both living with Christ and going to be with Him in death are greatly to be desired.
Jerome Hart, Argonaut Letters|Even if you enter the dirty water, stay neat like a white swan!
Ehsan Sehgal|What is the hardest, but best thing in life? Love <3
Charlie Higson, The Enemy|IF YOU WISH TO BRING PEACE UPON YOUR OWN, YOU MUST FIGHT THOSE WHO WISH FOR THE SAME PEACE.
Derek Landy, Death Bringer|Valkyrie patted Fletcher’s arm. “Don’t worry,” she said. “If the bad man comes, I’ll protect you.”“If the bad man comes,” Fletcher responded, “I’ll bravely give out a high-pitched scream to distract him. I may even bravely faint, to give him a false sense of security. That will be your signal to strike.”“We make a great team.”“Just don’t forget to stand in front of me the whole time,” he said.
Debasish Mridha|Wealth is the byproduct of thoughts. To be wealthy, think of wealth.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|As all historians know, the past is a great darkness, and filled with echoes. Voices may reach us from it; but what they say to us is imbued with the obscurity of the matrix out of which they come; and try as we may, we cannot always decipher them precisely in the clearer light of our day.
Irina Binder, Fluturi|- Te iubesc atat de mult, mi-a zis incet. Daca as putea , ti-as lua toate tristetile si toate durerile.- Cu anumite dureri traiesti toata viata. Nici macar Dumnezeu nu te scapa de ele. Le porti in suflet toata viata, de parca soarta ar vrea sa nu te lase niciodata sa uiti ca ai fost ranit.
Flynn Meaney, The Boy Recession|Veeva should count her blessings. Three years ago it was cocaine and a year ago it was crack and lemme tell you, that stuff you got to have. You do anything for that high." He laughed again, savoring his memories. "Where do you think the furniture went? Up my nose, that’s where. She finally had me carted out of here screaming like an insane man. Spent some time in Bellevue with little sparkly bugs coming out my orifices. Compared to that being a drunk is practically a sensible existence.
Thea Gonzales, Falling Petals: A Story About First Chances|If a man, having lashed two hulls together, is crossing a river, and an empty boat happens along and bumps into him, no matter how hot-tempered the man may be, he will not get angry. But if there should be someone in the other boat, then he will shout out to haul this way or veer that. If his first shout is unheeded, he will shout again, and if that is not heard, he will shout a third time, this time with a torrent of curses following. In the first instance, he wasn't angry; now in the second he is. Earlier he faced emptiness, now he faces occupancy. If a man could succeed in making himself empty, and in that way wander through the world, then who could do him harm?
M.E. Thomas, Confessions of a Sociopath: A Life Spent Hiding in Plain Sight|When you grow up as a girl, it is like there are faint chalk lines traced approximately three inches around your entire body at all times, drawn by society and often religion and family and particularly other women, who somehow feel invested in how you behave, as if your actions reflect directly on all womanhood.
Melanie Shankle, Nobody's Cuter Than You: A Memoir about the Beauty of Friendship|Because that's what friends do. They speak the truth when you've lost your way, pick you up and brush you off , tell you that you're going to make it to the other side, and cheer you on until you get there.
John Paul Warren|Men of God are not just born, they are formed
Patti Roberts, The Angels Are Here|Whatever. I know that when a monster is chasing you. You take your high-heeled shoes off. I’ve learned that … And you never, ever dangle your legs over the edge of the bed at night … And clowns, well, you get rid of them right away; they are just way too freaky. If the monster doesn’t get you, the clown sure will.
Veronica Roth, Insurgent|I think we cry to release the animal parts of us without losing our humanity. Becauseinside me is a beast that snarls, and growls, and strains toward freedom, toward Tobias, and, aboveall, toward life. And as hard as I try, I cannot kill it.
Sara Sheridan|To write a good book, you must read one book for each page of the book you are about to write.
Rodolfo Costa, Advice My Parents Gave Me: and Other Lessons I Learned from My Mistakes|Do not empower your negative thoughts by giving them “legs” so they can run around your mind, creating worries,frustrations, and anxiety in your life.
Lailah Gifty Akita|My journey in life, my footprints in the world.
Stephenie Meyer, New Moon|Only you could be more important than what I wanted...what I needed. What I want and what I need is to be with you, and I know I'll never be strong enough to leave again.
Heidi Hayes Jacobs|The Washington Redskin fan base represents honor, represents respect, represents pride.
Brandon Mull, A World Without Heroes|My father once admonished me to master the laws that govern fine writing until I could weave my words into worlds. If ever I accomplish that feat, I will sign my name to the tale.
Pearl Zhu, Change Insight: Change as an Ongoing Capability to Fuel Digital Transformation|Organizational maturity is not just about technical excellence or process efficiency, but also about business effectiveness, agility, innovation intelligence, and people-centricity.
Nancy Gibbs|I believe we all want the same thing - it doesn't matter who you are or where you're living. We all want to be healthy, happy, to live in peace and prosper. That's what I connect to.
Thomas,  Lynne|Show your love by giving your spouse incredible admiration and encouragement. - A Love Forever, Creating An Amazing Marriage.
Jorge Luis Borges, In Praise of Darkness|We are our memory,we are that chimerical museum of shifting shapes,that pile of broken mirrors.
Ashly Lorenzana|Never do anything that you can't admit doing, because if you are that ashamed of whatever it is, it's probably wrong.
Hermann Hesse|I believe in the salvation of humanity, in the future of cyanide...
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|Only poets and philosophers see the world as it really is, for only to them is it given to live without illusions. To see clearly is to not act.
Kami Garcia, Beautiful Creatures|You climbed into my window in the middle of the night. So, either you're some kind of Vampire or some kind of Perv. Which is it?
Clive Veroni, Spin: How Politics Has the Power to Turn Marketing on Its Head|My name had become a brand. (I have mixed emotions about that part of our (Christian media) industry, for sure.)
Emil M. Cioran|He gasped in despair while he wrote to her knowing everything is going to end.He: Why did you ruin my image in front of your mother and family though I wasn't the bad guy?She replied Coldly: I acted childish and took revenge, I wanted to end this relation.He kept asking all that she accused him of.She kept admitting false allegations, something kept breaking inside him.Silence kept creeping into him, sorrow enveloped his soul and tears fell of his eyes for he knew all had ended.
Paulo Coelho, Veronika Decides to Die|Oddly enough I never used to suffer from depression on cold, gray, cloudy days like this. I felt as if nature was in harmony with me, that it reflected my soul.
Mario Vargas Llosa, The Temptation of the Impossible: Victor Hugo and "Les Miserables"|Fictions exist because of this fact. Because we have only one life, and our desires and fantasies demand a thousand lives. Because the abyss between what we are and what we would like to be has to be bridged somehow. That was why fictions were born: so that, through living this vicarious, transient, precarious, but also passionate and fascinating life that fiction transports us to, we can incorporate the impossible into the possible and our existence can be both reality and unreality, history and fable, concrete life and marvellous adventure.
Emma Watson|That's how hearts get broken, you know. When you believe in promises.
Kristen Ashley, Fire Inside|With women, it’s about the slow soak, babe. Assholes pour shit on the surface and women keep goin’ not even knowin’ that shit is soakin’ in. Then one day, out of fuckin’ nowhere, that acid has burned deep in a way it leaves a wound that will never heal. Wipe that shit away, Lanie. Don’t let it soak in. He doesn’t know me. He cannot make that call about me.
Charlotte Brontë|Keep exploring, you will discover new path.
Kristen Clark|When we believe we can, we do – even when it seems all odds are against us.
Steven Redhead, Keys to Creating Your Reality|Don't be a creation of circumstances, create your dreams, take full control of your destiny.
Arthur C. Clarke, Rama II|No, look, there's a blue box. It's bigger on the inside than it is on the outside. It can go anywhere in time and space and sometimes even where it's meant to go. And when it turns up, there's a bloke in it called The Doctor and there will be stuff wrong and he will do his best to sort it out and he will probably succeed 'cause he's awesome. Now sit down, shut up, and watch 'Blink'.
Debasish Mridha|Learn by reading, listening, observing, imitating, and emulating.
Kent Alan Robinson, UnSend: Email, text, and social media disasters...and how to avoid them|An organization's proprietary, internal information is constrained only by an understanding that stake-holders will keep organizational matters within the organization.
David Cameron|You know the fairy-tale drill, especially from the Disney versions: the heroines endure awful stuff in rites of passage that lead to a joyous resolution of, usually, marriage to a prince. 'Into the Woods' follows that template, then asks, 'What happens after Happy Ever After?'
Paul Gosar|I look forward to taking on issues regarding the Constitution, intellectual property, terrorism, and other legal and regulatory reforms.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Duino Elegies|Friedrich Nietzsche, who famously gave us the ‘God is dead’ phrase was interested in the sources of morality. He warned that the emergence of something (whether an organ, a legal institution, or a religious ritual) is never to be confused with its acquired purpose: ‘Anything in existence, having somehow come about, is continually interpreted anew, requisitioned anew, transformed and redirected to a new purpose.’	This is a liberating thought, which teaches us to never hold the history of something against its possible applications. Even if computers started out as calculators, that doesn’t prevent us from playing games on them. (47) (quoting Nietzsche, the Genealogy of Morals)
Laurell K. Hamilton, Guilty Pleasures|Don't you even think of holding back, or I'll...I'll tell Spade you let me get away from you," she improvised."And that I got mugged," she added for good measure.Cries of "Mon Dieu!" and "That's not fair!" echoed immediately from the two vampires."I'm a crazy human female, you know I'll do it," Denise warned them
Sara Evans, Softly and Tenderly|The Lord gives us a spirit of hope and a feeling of comfort and confidence that we can overcome the obstacles we face. He has shown the way to gain strength during our struggles. With His assistance, we have the ability to succeed. Listen to His words of counsel and comfort: 'Fear not, little children, for you are mine, and I have overcome the world and none of them that my Father hath given me shall be lost.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Whatever your passion, make sure you hold unto a philosophy that is bigger and greater than you.
Roman Payne|I’ve only been to jail a few times, but in several different countries, at that. No, I've only been to jail a few times. But I still claim the ability to write a "serious" novel.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, What Is Love? - A Collection of Poems|I tell her that the best thing to do when you fall is to get up,And she is up, so she's moving in the right direction.
Swami Dhyan Giten, Presence - Working from Within. The Psychology of Being|I had a day when I was busy in the world, where the activity created a turmoil on the surface of my consciousness like waves on the surface of the ocean, which made it difficult to see through the waves to the inner silence. It reminded me that we need to develop both the capacity to use the mind when engaged in activity and social relations, and to be able to let go of the activity and to come in contact with the deep inner silence. The relationship between being active in the world and in social relations and the inner silence is like the relationship between the waves on the surface of the ocean and the deep inner silence on the bottom of the ocean.
China Miéville, Kraken|Of all the skills necessary for her work, what she was perhaps worst at was being polite to inanimate things.
Zach Cregger|The more we learn, the more we will be confronted with decisions that we've never had to make before about life, about death, about parenting.
Stephan Attia|Self as such was not normal ..will be like the Justice, which lost its wings !! Both are rivals for the same man ..
TemitOpe Ibrahim|To be fearless, you must simply fear less.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|They never had a better computer. They never had better lights. They never had better communication apparatus. They never had the finest tools. They never had the best transport system. They never had a perfect comfort. They never had all people loving them and their works. They never had all the financial resources. They never had the best garments. They never had the best and the most of all things. They never had all that they needed but they had ideas. They had a vision. Their hearts were filled with reasons to move. Their minds were pregnant with great thoughts and they wanted to prove what was in them. They took bold steps in wisdom and they were able to do distinctive things with what they had, and they left distinctive marks on minds before they left.
Marcia Willett, A Summer in the Country|Don't try to fight depression and fear with violent physical or mental exercise. But don't give into them either. Just think. Oh, here they are again, and look past them, as if you were looking over someone's shoulder at something beyond. Fix your mind on what's be
Justin Huntly McCarthy, The Dryad|She looked at the girl in the mirror and the girl in the mirror looked back at her. I will be brave, thought Coraline. No, I am brave.
Alejandro Cremades, The Art of Startup Fundraising|Don’t expect investors to be throwing millions on the table for you to go off and buy a bigger house, get a new car, party half the week away, and generally upgrade your lifestyle.
Sarah Ockler, The Book of Broken Hearts|I’ve watched you for a very long time now. And in this time, I’ve come to discover just as I first suspected. We are perfect for one another.
Widad Akreyi, The Viking's Kurdish Love: A True Story of Zoroastrians' Fight for Survival, Years 988-1003|The world is a huge space, but the space that will take you in - and itdoesn't have to be very big - is nowhere to be found. You seek a voice, but what doyou get? Silence. You look for silence, but guess what? All you hear over and overand over is the voice of this omen. And sometimes this prophetic voice pushes asecret switch hidden deep inside your brain.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Learn to accept life in toto. A perfect life is only in the dream world. This, my dear, with all it's heartaches, is it. Our world.
Guy Gavriel Kay, Tigana|Bright star of Eanna, forgive me the manner of this, but you are the harbor of my soul’s journeying.
Piet Hein|One of the problems with climate change, global warming and global air pollution is that it may change the frequency and intensity of electrical storm activity. Too much lightning activity may cause excessive mating, aggression, fatigue, illness and disease to occur. Too little may turn off the animal and plant breeding cycles.
Michael  Grant, Plague|She still held back her tears, as if subjecting herself to some terrible endurance test.
Thomas Jefferson|I am for freedom of religion, and against all maneuvers to bring about a legal ascendency of one sect over another.
Ashley Earley, Alone in Paris|One of his hands move away from my face to flatten against my back, pulling me closer to him as he deepens the kiss. He parts my lips under his as my mind seems to sign quietly in content. I kiss him back as fiercely as he kisses me, unable to control the infatuation that rushes through me - feeling almost like fireworks. Not so careful anymore.Little shivers of urgency shoot through me. I push off the window, pressing closer to him. The rush of sensation that is coursing through me feels like I've drunk a gallon of coffee. It feels like an electric buzz is flooding between us.
Jalaluddin Rumi|If it is bread that you seek, you will have bread. If it is the soul you seek, you will find the soul. If you understand this secret, you know you are that which you seek.
Douglas Wynne, Steel Breeze|It seemed to him that there was a scarlet thread running through the fabric of life, one that joined events across the years, piercing human hearts and plunging underground, only to reemerge without warning, a thread connecting lives and sometimes dates.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Peace does not mean an absence of conflict, because opposition, polarity and conflict are natural and universal laws.
Richard Paul Evans, The Four Doors|You are thinking of failure as the enemy of success. But it isn't at all. You can be discouraged by failure-or you can learn from it. So go ahead and make mistakes. Make all you can. Because, remember, that's where you will find success.
Lorrie Moore|A short story is a love affair, a novel is a marriage. A short story is a photograph; a novel is a film.
Terry Eagleton, Why Marx Was Right|After all, if you do not resist the apparently inevitable, you will never know how inevitable the inevitable was.
Shauna Granger, Earth|Shayna thinking about Jensen:" ....From my first glance I knew he was atleast three or four inches taller than me and I could tell his lightweight sweater hid a well muscled chest and arms, but lean, not meaty. I was aware of an excess of saliva in my mouth and forced myself to swallow, trying not to blush when I heard Jodi snicker quietly next to me.
Emily aka xXxWhitelipsxXx|I felt a numb shock as I drove home anxious to get my chocolate flowers and wondering how my mother arranged to get them delivered to me at the exact time of her passing as promised. I arrived home to a note on my door to go to the neighbor on the right. I knocked at the door and the grouchy older man answered. Without saying a word, he went to his refrigerator, opened it and said, "I think these are for you."He handed me the large bouquet of fruits all cut out like flowers and dipped in chocolate."It looks like chocolate flowers." he said with a grin, adding "I had a few, and they were great!" I held my delivery. I opened the small envelope and read the card: Dear Jori, We appreciate you showing us homes and although it has been months, we thought of you and wanted to do something nice for you today. I hope you remember us. The Johnsons This was a previous client who was a pastor. He never knew I had a mother who had cancer nor did I ever mention the conversation about the chocolate flowers. It had been several months since I had heard from this couple who were considering purchasing a home. I called the client, whom I haven't spoken to in such a long time. I was confused and wanted to know what made them decide to send me chocolate flowers, and why that day, of all days? He said it was his wife's idea to do something nice for someone and they agreed it on it being me. Mrs. Johnson thought of the chocolate flowers.
faamin|If a sperm can give the berth to a human. Definitely sperm is powerful energy. So never waste it and burn this energy inside your body then see the difference.Science doesn't know more than 0.000% about the universe.Science is not even able to measure the strength of trust,true love,feelings and all.If science is everything then why we are not able to find our real life problem with science.We can't find our true match with the help of science.I have proved it that inner science is more powerful than outer science.
Philip Pullman|To be sure, there's a warm passion behind what you say. But if you give in to that passion, friends, you're doing what I always warned you agin: you're a placing the satisfaction of your own feelings above the work you have to do... Don't you worry that John Faa's heart is too soft to strike a blow when the time comes. And the time will come under judgement. Not under passion.
Pico Iyer|I've had a good life, full of more success and happiness than I ever expected.
Evander Holyfield|With age, you see people fail more. You see yourself fail more. How do you keep that fearlessness of a kid? You keep going. Luckily, I'm not afraid to make a fool of myself.
Cornell Woolrich, Night and Fear: A Centenary Collection of Stories by Cornell Woolrich|You haven't any right to expect your friends to be larger than yourself, larger than life. Just take them as they are, cut down to average size, and be glad you have them. To drink with, laugh with, borrow money from, lend money to, stay away from their special girls as you want them to stay away from yours, and above all, never break your word to, once it's been given.And that is all the obligation you have, all you have the right to expect.("New York Blues")
Jason Versey, A Walk with Prudence|She would have given up every Gathering from now until she went to join StarClan, if only she could have been sure that her sister was safe.
Michael Bassey Johnson, Trials Of A Damsel|Young girls are like helpless children in the hands of amorous men, whatever is said to them is true and whatever manipulation on their bodies seems like love to them, sooner or later, they come back to their senses, but the scars are not dead inasmuch as her spoiler lives.
David Levithan, Two Boys Kissing|We always underestimated our own participation in magic. That is, we thought of magic as something that existed with or without us. But that’s not true. Things are not magical because they’ve been conjured for us by some outside force. They are magical because we create them, and then deem them so. Ryan and Avery will say the first moment they spoke, the first moment they danced, was magical. But they were the ones—no one else, nothing else—who gave it the magic. We know. We were there. Ryan opened himself to it. Avery opened himself to it. And the act of opening was all they needed. That is the magic.
M.L Rapier|When you act without feeling, that's the living death.
George Foster, Amazing Peace-PI|Feelings are involuntary reactions, so God does not say, "Feel joy." He says, "Rejoice!" It's a choice.
Harry Whitewolf, Route Number 11: Argentina, Angels & Alcohol|The problem with the 11:11 Phenomenon is getting anybody interested in it that hasn't experienced it themselves. Other phenomena, such as U.F.Os or crop circles, are able to be seen. We can debate them. But seeing and being guided by 11:11 is hard to convey to those uninitiated in its ways.
Lois McMaster Bujold, The Curse of Chalion|I need words that mean more than they mean, words not just with height and width, but depth and weight and, and other dimensions that I cannot even name.
Marjane Satrapi|Experience can never be undone, or knowledge unlearned.
Yeonmi Park, In Order to Live: A North Korean Girl's Journey to Freedom|Along my journey I have seen the horrors that humans can inflict on one another, but I've also witnessed acts of tenderness and kindness and sacrifice in the worst imaginable circumstances. I know that it is possible to lose part of your humanity in order to survive. But I also know that the spark of human dignity is never completely extinguished, and that given the oxygen of freedom and the power of love, it can grow again.
Wilkie Collins, No Name|Men, being accustomed to act on reflection themselves, are a great deal too apt to believe that women act on reflection, too. Women do nothing of the sort. They act on impulse; and, in nine cases out of ten, they are heartily sorry for it afterward.
Jennifer Echols, Endless Summer|I wanted to remind you that you do not allow me to deliver boats, as I have been known to crash them.
Louise Rennison, A Midsummer Tights Dream|Boys are found everywhere- on top of, underneath, inside of, climbing on, swinging from, running around or jumping to. Mothers love them, little girls hate them, older sisters and brothers tolerated them, adults ignore them and Heaven protects them. A boy is Truth with dirt on its face, Beauty with a cut on its finger, Wisdom with bubble gum in its hair and the Hope of the future with a frog in its pocket. A boy is a magical creature- you can lock out of your workshop, but you can't lock him out of your heart. You can get him out of your study, but you can't get him out of your mind. Might as well give up- he is your captor, your jailor, your boss and your master- a freckled-faced, pint-sized, cat-chasing bundle of noise. But when you come home at night with only the shattered pieces of your hopes and dreams, he can mend them like new with two magic words- 'Hi, Dad!
John Crowley, Little, Big|God, he thought, her eyes are so bright, flashing, deep, full of promise, all those things eyes are in books but never are in life, and she was his.
