Geetanjali Mukherjee, Anyone Can Get An A+: How To Beat Procrastination, Reduce Stress and Improve Your Grades|Start anywhere, with whatever is in front of you. The key is to begin - and to trust that as long as you’re putting one foot in front of the other, eventually you'll get to where you need to, or at the very least, much farther than you had initially imagined.
Shirley Kamisky|Healing is not about moving on or “getting over it,” it’s about learning to make peace with our pain and finding purpose in our lives again.
Lucy Larcom|Smile, smile, smile at your mind as often as possible. Your smiling will considerably reduce your mind's tearing tension.
David Nicholls|Over-familiar, the music has become a kind of audio-Valium, background music rather than something I listen to actively and attentively. A gin and tonic after a long day. A shame, I think, because while each note remains the same, I used to hear them differently. It used to sound better.
Lotte Roy, Lotus-eating Japan: Who is this man I hardly know?|The games we have become familiar, and striven to compete. Yet the subtlety of gaining position is harder to achieve. We can never fully embrace that moment of success...from the outset it is a male-dominated leaning we sadly fail to address. No matter how we try, we cannot assimilate. On principle we are not one of them.
Pete Rose|My every birthday wish was, 'I want to someday be on TV.'
Robert Winston|I lived in Italy for two months when I was in college. And I traveled to Paris. I traveled to Egypt. I traveled to Spain. I just would travel a lot. I remember going to Paris and saying, speaking French, 'I would like some chicken and some fries.' And just the chicken and fries was, oh my gosh, just so amazing. I became intrigued and inspired.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Believe, believe.
Simone de Beauvoir, The Second Sex|The relation of woman to husband, of of daughter to father, of sister to brother, is a relation of vassalage.
Bill Bryson, Notes from a Small Island|By the time I had finished my coffee and returned to the streets, the rain had temporarily abated, but the streets were full of vast puddles where the drains where unable to cope with the volume of water. Correct me if I'm wrong, but you would think that if one nation ought by now to have mastered the science of drainage, Britain would be it.
Ari Gold, The Gold Standard: Rules to Rule By|Unless you're in an early seventies-era Eagles cover band, a founding member of a religious cult, or sleeping under a bridge in Seattle, lose the beard and get a haircut. Power doesn't have time for any form of hirsute hipster self expression.
Andrew Wommack, A Better Way to Pray|Don’t limit your relationship with God. Walk and talk with Him all day, every day!
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|Mr. Nakata, this world is a terribly violent place. And nobody can escape the violence. Please keep that in mind. You can't be too cautious. The same holds true for cats and human beings.
Kate Forsyth, The Beast's Garden|If we want a better world, we must never cease to think about what kind of world we want... and we must not be afraid to do whatever it takes to make the world the way it should be. It is not enough just to talk. We must act!
Sunday Adelaja|Each one of us also can become an image or likeness of God if we, like Jesus, the firstborn, give our bodies to him
Chloe Thurlow, A Girl's Adventure|After making love there is nothing like making love, slowly, idly, like walking without a destination, or swimming in a warm sea.
Anthony Trollope, He Knew He Was Right|Romance is very pretty in novels, but the romance of a life is always a melancholy matter. They are most happy who have no story to tell.
Augusten Burroughs, Dry|Part of me felt deep compassion. And another part felt like, You fucker.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|A servant who serves excellently from his whole heart with due courage and humility is never a servant, but a master of his work!
Stephanie Witter, Patch Up|Lions and tigers, bitches and bears, oh my.
Linda Howard, Mr. Perfect|... As could the sarcasm in her voice. "yes, she's bleeding to deat Lu upstairs, but i thought I'd avoid telling you right away, because I like to draw the suspense out.
Ann McElhinney, Gosnell: The Untold Story of America’s Most Prolific Serial Killer|No sport, watching horror movie with friends in bright room.Try that alone at night without light with mirror above screen!
Herbert Spencer, The Right To Ignore The State|The political superstition is still holding sway over the hearts and minds of the masses, but the true lovers of liberty will have no more to do with it. Instead, they believe with Stirner that man has as much liberty as he is willing to take. Anarchism therefore stands for direct action, the open defiance of, and resistance to, all laws and restrictions, economic, social, and moral. But defiance and resistance are illegal. Therein lies the salvation of man. Everything illegal necessitates integrity, self-reliance, and courage. In short, it calls for free, independent spirits, for "men who are men, and who have a bone in their backs which you cannot pass your hand through.
Karen Salmansohn|I pray to start my day and finish it in prayer. I'm just thankful for everything, all the blessings in my life, trying to stay that way. I think that's the best way to start your day and finish your day. It keeps everything in perspective.
C.P. Smith, A Reason to Breathe|Soon, Liv,” he mutters between impatient kisses when we come up for air. “I want you in my bed. Underneath me, on top of me, bent over…fuck, we’re going to invent new ways for me to have you. ~Vince
Margaret Wise Brown|I don't think I'm essentially interested in children's books. I'm interested in writing, and in pictures. I'm interested in people and in children because they are people.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Smartass Disciple: If you are really a master, then make me see miracles!Master of Stupidity: Go to sleep and dream, then wake up thirty years later!
Sara Loo|The more challenges life deals us, the more scars experiences give us, the higher we go, the better we get.
Peprah Boasiako|People today are quick to bite the hand that fed them yesterday, turn around and cry hungry tomorrow.
William Faulkner, Mosquitoes|In Europe, being an artist is a form of behavior; in America, being an artist is an excuse for a form of behavior.
Neil Gaiman, Coraline|When the sum of our faith and humility is sufficient, it reaches a type of spiritual critical mass and hope is fostered and grows. A willing heart emerges which generates the ability for us to submit to the process of recovery.
Sophie Oak, Beast|A year ago,' I said, 'you wouldn’t have asked this of me.''A year ago,' he answered, 'you wouldn’t have hesitated to drink.' I crossed to the desk and tossed it down.
C.S. Lewis|Education without values, as useful as it is, seems rather to make man a more clever devil.
Amanda Bouchet, Breath of Fire|It wasn’t supposed to be this way. Griffin asked me to take a chance. On him. On trust. On love. I did, and look where it got me. That my misery is my own damn fault doesn’t escape me. It just makes it worse.
Natalya Vorobyova, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|What we are trying to do at Virgin is not to have one enormous company in one sector under one banner, but to have two hundred or even three hundred separate companies. Each company can stand on its own feet and, in that way, although we've got a brand that links them, if we were to have another tragedy such as that of 11 September - which hurt the airline industry - it would not bring the whole group crashing down.
Saleem Sharma|If he's not real, you'll know. Men have never washed a rented car.
Mark Evanier|He was my age and in my imagination he was a fireman, not the kind that actually fights fires but the kind who travels the country shirtless posing for calendars.
Anthony Liccione|The past, has been erased; the present, forgiven; and the future, redeemed.
Ade Bozzay|I feel sorry for Rick Astley, one day he is going to die and nobody will know about it for weeks because nobody will want to click the link.
Shakira|When I make a movie, I don't break it down and analyze it. I could but it would get in the way of doing a job - on instinct based on all the research we did going in. you want to trust yourself and your director and your acting partners in the circumstances you're shooting. I don't like to have any kind of overview.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|New dreams are like new wines; they grow sweeter over time. With patience, you will be able to climb your spiritual, financial, academic, marital and social ladders in Jesus' name!
Sebastian Coe|I'm a runner from sports. I've been a runner, but I wasn't a cross-country runner or anything like that. I played a lot of soccer growing up.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|For the Christian, all is not hopeless unless his affections are centered on the things of this world.
Aldous Huxley, Crome Yellow|It was all extremely symbolic; but then, if you choose to think so, nothing in this world is not symbolical.
Nostradamus|Nationalist, anti-European, anti-immigrant, anti-Muslim public political figures, seem a worrying picture of a possible European future. We could still fall back into pre-Europe... and it worries me.
Mohammed Sekouty|We can lose the roll, we can lose position, but we can constantly strive to win the moment.
Chris Lutz|If your position or job is on the liability side of the balance sheet, you can be looked at as a risk rather than an asset to your employer. Another reason to be an entrepreneur." - Chris Lutz, Modular Career Design
David Duchovny|I can't understand why someone wouldn't have a degree of sympathy for people that had to flee their country, travel to try and find their home somewhere, and nobody wants them. How could you not be a little bit sympathetic?
Robertson Davies, Fifth Business|In later life I have been sometimes praised, sometimes mocked, for my way of pointing out the mythical elements that seem to me to underlie our apparently ordinary lives. Certainly that cast of mind had some of its origin in our pit, which had much the character of a Protestant Hell. I was probably the most entranced listener to a sermon the Reverend Andrew Bowyer preached about Gehenna, the hateful valley outside the walls of Jerusalem, where outcasts lived, and where their flickering fires, seen from the city walls, may have given rise to the idea of a hell of perpetual burning. He liked to make his hearers jump, now and then, and he said that our gravel pit was much the same sort of place as Gehenna. My elders thought this far-fetched, but I saw no reason then why hell should not have, so to speak, visible branch establishments throughout the earth, and I have visited quite a few of them since.
Oscar Wilde|Even in democratic society, we don't have good answers how to balance the need for security on one hand and the protection of free speech on the other in our digital networks.
Ryan Brü, Gangbangers|Revenge sex is not something we seek, but once in your mouth… it can be liberating if you just swallow.
Amy Lane|Faced with our addiction to oil, what does our leadership say? Get more o
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Discouragement, fear, and depression—three villains who lurk in the dark.They slip inside souls with a blindfold and goals to shatter your dreams and extinguish your spark.Their tactics are highly effective.They crush a great many each day.And under their spell it is easy to dwellOn fiascoes and failures that end in dismay.The heart and the mind are left heavy.The last speck of will is erased.And nothing stays on when these villains are gonebut a mouthful of bile with the bitterest taste.Alas! You must conquer the scoundrels!Elude, dodge, and keep them at bay!To feel fear slink in, boring under your skin,is a sign that his brothers are well on their way.So reach for your weapons against them!Take hope and hard work in each hand!Strap faith on your hips and a prayer on your lipsand show those debasers how firmly you stand!Discouragement, fear and depression—the truth should be known of these cads.They’re empty and weak; it is your strength they seek.Deny them and life is your wish in the bag.
Michelle Tea, Valencia|She was just so sad. Her whole face hung with it, like sadness was her personal gravity.
Donald Barthelme, Sixty Stories|Oh, man, ‘the nursery,’ ” Dominic said, “what a hell-hole. If I had kids I’d give them the nicest room in the house.”“You do have kids,” his kid said.“Oh, yeah, well, right, you know what I mean.
A. J. Foyt|I'd always rather be working - and you know what? My kids would rather me be working. If I stay at home, I'll only buy another car or spend their money.
Sara Sheridan|Like good reading skills, good writing skills require immersion and imaginative engagement.
Manoj Arora, From the Rat Race to Financial Freedom|You don't have to be like most people around you, because most people never become truly rich and wealthy.
Debasish Mridha|I am not me, I am not a human being.I am empty. Infinite emptiness dwells in me.I am the spirit.Emptiness is me.
Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl|We were born in the '70s, back when twins were rare, a bit magical: cousins of the unicorn, siblings of the elves.
Upton Sinclair, The Jungle|Was it permitted to believe that there was nowhere upon the earth, or above the earth, a heaven for hogs, where they were requited for all this suffering? Each one of these hogs was a separate creature. Some were white hogs, some were black; some were brown, some were spotted; some were old, some young; some were long and lean, some were monstrous. And each of them had an individuality of his own, a will of his own, a hope and a heart's desire; each was full of self- confidence, of self-importance, and a sense of dignity. And trusting and strong in faith he had gone about his business, the while a black shadow hung over him and a horrid Fate waited in his pathway. Now suddenly it had swooped upon him, and had seized him by the leg. Relentless, remorseless, it was; all his protests, his screams, were nothing to it— it did its cruel will with him, as if his wishes, his feelings, had simply no existence at all; it cut his throat and watched him gasp out his life. And now was one to believe that there was nowhere a god of hogs, to whom this hog personality was precious, to whom these hog squeals and agonies had a meaning? Who would take this hog into his arms and comfort him, reward him for his work well done, and show him the meaning of his sacrifice?
Afton Rorvik, Storm Sisters: Friends Though All Seasons|When storms come, we naturally want to run. What might happen in your friendship if you learned instead to stay put when storm hit?
litymunshi|until one face the worst ,do not get test the best.other way having best already ,may have different worse flow in life. we never get to know truth
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Life Together: The Classic Exploration of Christian Community|Many persons seek community because they are afraid of loneliness...those who take refuge in community while fleeing from themselves are misuing it to indulge in empty talk and distraction, no matter how spiritual this idle talk and distraction may appear...it is precisely such misuse of community that creates deadly isolation of human beings.
Frederick Reines|The house has to please everyone, contrary to the work of art which does not. The work is a private matter for the artist. The house is not.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|Art is a collaboration between God and the artist, and the less the artist does, the better.
Banana Yoshimoto, The Lake|Everything in life has some good in it. And when something awful happens, the goodness stands out even more--it's sad, but that's the truth.
David Hewson, Macbeth|Tomorrow and tomorrow come creeping in and always will. We're fools trapped in a mechanism of our own unconscious making. Shadows strutting and fretting for one brief hour upon a stage, then heard no more. I'll weep an ocean in my heart, if the world would give me time. But not now.
Lisa Kleypas, Devil in Winter|He looked like a fallen angel, replete with all the dangerous male beauty that Lucifer could devise.
Katherine McIntyre, Hunting for Spring|He was going to hurt the people he hated, but inside he didn't feel any real sense of satisfaction. He hated them all the more for having made him feel so small, so petty and mean, which was all he felt just then. But it wasn't enough to stop him.
Françoise Gilot, Life with Picasso|He told me that from now on, everything I did and everything he did was of the utmost importance: any word spoken, the slightest gesture, would take on a meaning, and everything that happened between us would change us continually. 'For that reason,'he said,'I wish I were able to suspend time at this moment and keep things exactly at this point, because I feel this instant is a true beginning. We have a definite but unknown quantity of experience at our disposal. As soon as the hourglass is turned, the sand will begin to run out and once it starts, it cannot stop until it's all gone. That's why I wish I could hold it back at the start. We should make a minimum of gestures, pronounce a minimum of words, even see each other as seldom as possible, if that would prolong things. We don't know how much of everything we have ahead of us so we have to take the greatest precautions not to destroy the beauty of what we have. Everything exists in limited quantity-especially happiness. If a love is to come into being, it is all written down somewhere, and also its duration and content. If you could arrive at the complete intensity the first day, it would be ended the first day. And so if it's something you want so much that you'd like to have it prolonged in time, you must be extremely careful not to make the slightest excessive demand that might prevent it from developing to the greatest extent over the longest period...If the wings of the butterfly are to keep their sheen, you mustn't touch them. We mustn't abuse something which is to bring light into both our lives. Everything else in my life only weighs me down and shuts out the light. This thing wih you seems like a window that is opening up. I want it to remain open...
Deepak Chopra, The Third Jesus: The Christ We Cannot Ignore|Chopra concludes his work with, "Your goal and mine isn't to imitate Jesus. It is to become part of him----or, as he said, to abide in him.
Cass McCombs|I think as a filmmaker one should make all kinds of films. It is not that one should make only one kind of film. I love to see romantic films; I loved watching 'Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge,' 'Kuch Kuch Hota Hai.' If I make such films, I will make it with my yardstick, according to my parameters.
Jerry Greenfield|Religious and spiritual leaders should be held accountable for environmental activism, not only because they have access to large communities and can influence votes, but because service is integral to religious and spiritual life.
Richard K. Morgan|Either I’ve got a wart on my nose they find curious, or I’ve grown a tail, Albie Merani muttered to himself. Just then he thought. I’d better get a move on, got work to do. He hurried across to some stairs, heading down deeper into station, then followed the signs to the pod station.
Loren Eiseley, The Immense Journey|Out of the choked Devonian waters emerged sight and sound and the music that rolls invisible through the composer's brain. They are there still in the ooze along the tideline, though no one notices. The world is fixed, we say: fish in the sea, birds in the air. But in the mangrove swamps by the Niger, fish climb trees and ogle uneasy naturalists who try unsuccessfully to chase them back to the water. There are things still coming ashore. 
Richie Norton|We are imperfect creatures created with egotistical defects, insecurities and an incomprehensible desire for perfection and the excessive use of social media feeds the raging fires within, most of the time adding salt to wounds we never knew existed and at times creating new ones.
Chuck Palahniuk, Diary|As an artist you organize your life so that you get a chance to paint, a window of time, but that's no guarantee you'll create anything worth all your effort. You're always haunt by the idea you're wasting your life.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam|It might sound like I'm a dreamer, but economic models have reached their height of evolution. Technology has evolved. What hasn't evolved is mankind's spirituality; everything is from 3,000 years ago. With spirituality comes morals, a better way of thinking.
Martin Luther|For me a house or an apartment becomes a home when you add one set of four legs, a happy tail, and that indescribable measure of love that we call a dog.
Alice Hoffman, The Probable Future|what was a rose but the living proof of desire, the single best evidence of human longing and earthly devotion. but desire could be twisted,after all, and Jealousy was the name of the rose that did well in arid souls.
Balakoteswara Panchakshari|I started to find out the path to the HELL in a decent way. Then I realized that now it's been called SOCIETY, and I'm already part of it.
Laura Kreitzer, Burning Falls|Seconds ebb and wane. She’s not afraid of her voice anymore, but she’s not entirely sure she trusts it. She’s seen the damage caused with a single word. Right now, each one is a weapon, a conduit of war, and she won’t just throw them out there all willy-nilly.
Helen McCrory|I want anyone who believes in life, liberty, pursuit of happiness to succeed. And I want any force, any person, any element of an overarching Big Government that would stop your success, I want that organization, that element or that person to fail. I want you to succeed.
Donna Grant, Fire Rising|Lucifer’s kingdom is metaphorical, not literal. The fallen are scattered throughout the world, maintaining different bases of power for him.” “And my father lives in Minneapolis,” I repeated. “Yes.” “And where does Lucifer live?” “Los Angeles.” I let out a laugh at that. “Of course he does.
George Carlin|I hate housework! You make the beds, you do the dishes and six months later you have to start all over again.
Maddie Ziegler|As a kid growing up in a small town in Washington State, my only exposure to New York City was through movies. The town with its towering skyscrapers, fascinating people and teeming energy absolutely captivated me.
Anthony Liccione|These days, it's better to look poor and be safe, than look rich and be a victim.
Jincy Willett, The Writing Class|(T)hey were at ease with each other, which was essential to a productive workshop.
Alex Rosa, Tryst|A man once told me that there are infinite places love will take you, but revenge is the business of hate, and there is only one place hate will take you---the end. The end of you and the end of everything you once stood for. But I welcomed my end.
Elizabeth McKenna, Venice in the Moonlight|She never imagined that at twenty years old she'd already be a widow in black. On the bright side, she was no longer married to Dario, but her future still looked grim.
Thorne Smith, Topper|He discovered in his heart the first faint whispering of pure Christianity, and in some way he continued to keep his virtue intact by keeping his vices active.
Camille Lucy, The (Real) Love Experiment: Explore Love, Relationships & the Self|Cooties, doesn't show possibility shows impossibility.
Geoffrey Chaucer, The Wife of Bath|I thought that for a long while, but you chose me, and then you chose him, and choosing is hard - one choice is never the end of the story.
Gugu Mona|It is not easy to let go, but when you do; not only do you realize the strength that lies within you, you also create an opportunity to see God perform the best of miracles in your life.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We inhabit an internal world that is subject to diversification. Every day we undergo personal transformation based upon experiences, thoughts, and feelings.
Agatha Christie, Death Comes as the End|-she loved Lily Cate like her own, and for this night, this moment, she would be her mother, even though there was no guarantee of tomorrow.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you reflect on death, you find the vanity of life.
Michael Palin|The worse my drawings were, the more beautiful did the originals appear.
Lia Habel, Dearly, Departed|No, not really. But …” Okay, I couldn’t help but gloat a little. “She likes me.”Samedi didn’t even look at me. “Well of course, you’ve had that bloody uniform on all day. I was half ready to tell you how much I liked you.
Kasi Kaye Iliopoulos, Living in Light, Love & Truth: You Can Positively Change Your Life by Living in Light, Love, & Truth-Awareness + Reflection + Learning + Application|Live your life in the NOW. Right NOW, THIS minute, THIS second.
Selena Kitt, Temptation|Pandora's Box could not be unopened, no one could return to Eden.
Charles Baxter, Burning Down the House: Essays on Fiction|There is such a thing as the poetry of a mistake, and when you say, "Mistakes were made," you deprive an action of its poetry, and you sound like a weasel.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Man seeks to excuse himself of sin, but God seeks to convict him of it and to save him from it. Sin is no amusing toy—it is a terror to be shunned! Learn, then, what constitutes sin in the eyes of God!
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Artists are the flowers of our world. The best ones are those who can stand out from the crowd by becoming a memorable flower — one that moves us, inspires us, and makes us think hard. A flower with no smell to it is just something to look at. A flower that emits a beautiful fragrance is the one we want in our homes and on our walls. Your mission as an artist, is to become the best-smelling flower in the world, so that when the day finally comes when you are plucked from the ground, the world will cry for the loss of your mind-stimulating fragrance. Be different. Be original. Nobody will remember a specific flower in garden loaded with thousands of the same yellow flower, but they will remember the one that managed to change its color to purple.
Chelsie Shakespeare, The Pull|Everything is connected, like a delicate web. Ever growing, ever changing. New silvery strands come together every day, and once the strand is formed, no matter what superficial circumstances may sometimes keep you apart, it is never broken. You will meet again, perhaps in another lifetime. The connection is unbreakable, lying dormant in your subconscious.
Patrick Carman, Stargazer|My strength was returning as we went on. It occurred to me then that it was in times of struggle that I found the best parts of myself-courage, loyalty, an unexpected peace- and I always discovered what I needed to break through and go on.
Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief|Right," she said, "We're going to the Land of the Dead and I shouldn't think negative.
Daisy Whitney, When You Were Here|No, I am not all right, I want to say. Have you been to my house? Have you seen how empty it is?
Orson Scott Card, Shadow Puppets|What is evil?" asked the younger man. The round web, with its black center, seemed to watch them both. "A web we men weave." Ged answered.
Lois Lowry, A Summer to Die|Mother's Eden: Does your Matthew... Well, does he make you feel as if he just handed you a handful of Stars?Eden: He make me feel as if he handed me the moon as well, Mama. Maybe the whole universe.
Neil Jackson|Christmas is a season which almost all Christians observe in one way or another. Some keep it as a religious season. Some keep it as a holiday. But all over the world, wherever there are Christians, in one way or another Christmas is kept.
Sunday Adelaja|Maximize the time you have through hard work, concentration and research
Jenny Nimmo, Midnight for Charlie Bone|He found himself in a room not unlike the shop. All books again, packed tight on shelves or laying in piles on every surface. It was a cozy room, for all that ; it smelled of warm, rich words and very deep thoughts.
Marcel Proust|As long as reading is for us the instigator whose magic keys have opened the door to those dwelling-places deep within us that we would not have known how to enter, its role in our lives is salutary. It becomes dangerous, on the other hand, when, instead of awakening us to the personal life of the mind, reading tends to take its place, when the truth no longer appears to us as an ideal which we can realize only by the intimate progress of our own thought and the efforts of our heart, but as something material, deposited between the leaves of books like a honey fully prepared by others and which we need only take the trouble to reach down from the shelves of libraries and then sample passively in a perfect repose of mind and body.
Ali Novak, My Life with the Walter Boys|Nat is already laughing. We go through this every morning. She tells Nik I own a clown car.I glower at her while I put my foot up onto Nik’s lap and kick the passenger door while turning the ignition.She starts.Works every time.Nik looks like he’s not sure whether to laugh or get the hell out of the car.We’re on our way to work and Nat says, “Nik, turn on the radio.”He shakes his head and replies cynically, “I would but I’m scared the roof might fly off.”Nat and I burst into laughter. We laugh so much we both sob and laugh at the same time.
Zoë Marriott, FrostFire|We kind of fell into one another, not even realizing it was happening.
William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet|All things that we ordained festival,Turn from their office to black funeral;Our instruments to melancholy bells,Our wedding cheer to a sad burial feast,Our solemn hymns to sullen dirges change,Our bridal flowers serve for a buried corse,And all things change them to the contrary.
Derek Jeter|I have found no greater satisfaction than achieving success through honest dealing and strict adherence to the view that, for you to gain, those you deal with should gain as well.
Mitch Kapor|I loathe computers more and more, so I have one I can shut down and shelve like a book.
Ellen Hopkins, Crank|We used to do coke, till "Just Say No" put the stuff out of reach. Now it's crank. Meth. The monster. It's a bitch on the body, but damn do you fly.
Mark A. McCormick, The Remote Viewer|It's disheartening that most Christians will still miss Heaven because Christians today have forgotten that Heaven is meant for those who declare Jesus Christ as Lord and Saviour, then confirm that declaration with action.
Virginia Heffernan, Magic and Loss: The Internet as Art|Tweets are not diseased rings of glitchy minds. They’re epigrams, aphorisms, maxims, dictums, taglines, captions, slogans, and adages. Some are art, some are commercial; these are forms with integrity.
Katherine Howe, Conversion|Don't be such a crybaby. The fucking world ended. Everyone's mother is dead, you pussy. Besides... we're on our way to talk to the people who cut you mom's head off... have some motherfucking perspective.
C.L. Wilson|It isn't always easy between us. I admit that. But it's still right between us, always.
Brenda Sutton Rose|These babies ain’t just guitars; these babies are living, breathing instruments.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning, Sonnets from the Portuguese|And wilt thou have me fashion into speechThe love I bear thee, finding words enough,And hold the torch out, while the winds are rough,Between our faces, to cast light on each? -I dropt it at thy feet. I cannot teachMy hand to hold my spirits so far offFrom myself--me--that I should bring thee proofIn words, of love hid in me out of reach.Nay, let the silence of my womanhoodCommend my woman-love to thy belief, -Seeing that I stand unwon, however wooed,And rend the garment of my life, in brief,By a most dauntless, voiceless fortitude,Lest one touch of this heart convey its grief.
Laurel Ulen Curtis, Hate: A Love Story|Saying goodbye to someone you love isn’t really the hard part. It’s living every day, not being able to say anything to them at all.
John Paul Warren|Got plans for the rest of the day?"I looked back at him and my heart just stopped. Then it just started again thudding erratically. What the hell does that mean? I feel like I'm having a heart attack."No plans," I whispered. Test drive your mattress? Let me pretend to be a Skittle and you can taste my rainbow? Fifty Shades me? Please! Oh, holy horror, I'm freaking losing it.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close|Remember, if you're heading in the wrong direction, God allows U-turns!
Toba Beta|I am who I am', said God to Moses regarding His name,because none was worth to be compared to His godhead.
KSI|Knowing is the most profound kind of love, giving someone the gift of knowledge about yourself.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer|Desires to which we cling closely can easily prevent us from being what we ought to be and can be; and on the other hand, desires repeatedly mastered for the sake of present duty make us richer.Lack of desire is poverty.
Brownell Landrum, A Chorus of Voices: DUET stories Volume III - Adult Version|Life should be enjoyed, you know. That’s an important lesson to keep in mind. It will help bring him through the darkness and into the light.
Gerald R. Ford|The harder you work, the luckier you are, and I worked like hell.
Frans de Waal|She was walking into doors againA regular habit so it seems"From the Domestic
Saunders Mac Lane|...it would not be quite right to say that the problem is unsolvable in principle; only so complicated that it is not worth anybody’s time to think about it. So what do we do?In probability theory there is a very clever trick for handling a problem that becomes too difficult. We just solve it anyway by:(1)  making it still harder;(2)  redefining what we mean by ‘solving’ it, so that it becomes something we can do;(3)  inventing a dignified and technical-sounding word to describe this procedure, which has the psychological effect of concealing the real nature of what we have done, and making it appear respectable.
Septem Nuntius, 777: Messages from the Elder Gods|Your big heart will make you care and care a lot - About nature, a friend, a moment, even an enemy. Sometimes you will feel no one else does. Take a breath and trust it will be momentarily. Keep looking for those who care and keep them close to you.
Erin Gruwell|My art teacher in junior high was a very out gay man and a mentor to me. He would tell us about Greenwich Village and show us the 'Village Voice' and describe his life, but it was all sort of subversive and below the radar.
William Faulkner, Go Down, Moses|But this time as soon as he moved she began to fade. He stopped at once, not breathing again, motionless, willing his eyes to see that she had stopped too. But she had not stopped. She was fading, going. "Wait," he said, talking as sweet as he had ever heard his voice speak to a woman: "Den lemme go wid you, honey." But she was going.
Kazuo Ishiguro, The Buried Giant|Where once we fought for land and God, we now fought to avenge fallen comrades, themselves slaughtered in vengeance. Where could it end? Babes growing to men knowing only days of war.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Few would argue that a simpler consciousness, no matter how harmonious, is preferable to a more complex one. While we might admire the serenity of the lion in repose, the tribesman’s untroubled acceptance of his fate, or the child’s wholehearted involvement in the present, they cannot offer a model for resolving our predicament. The order based on innocence is now beyond our grasp. Once the fruit is plucked from the tree of knowledge, the way back to Eden is barred forever.
Clifford Currie Librarian of the Ashmolean Library Oxford|A public library is the most enduring of memorials, the trustiest monument for the preservation of an event or a name or an affection; for it, and it only, is respected by wars and revolutions, and survives 
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|If you violate Nature's laws you are your own prosecuting attorney, judge, jury, and hangman.
Thomas J. Powell|The most important thing I can do for my children is to protect them and to teach them. After that, it's up to them to be and do their best in life.
Katherine Rundell, Rooftoppers|I do, I’m afraid, understand books far more readily than I understand people. Books are so easy to get along with.
Akshay Vasu|Darkness is the only place, where chaos and peace always met and fell in love with each other.
Charles Maurras|The love of all people except the French people, is deep in the mind of the great doctors of the French Republic.
Tara Reid|I've been on the road since 1983. Nothing ever changed, even when I was doing TV and movies.
Irene Gut Opdyke, In My Hands: Memories of a Holocaust Rescuer|Life is two things. Life is morality – life is adventure. Squire and master. Adventure rules, and morality looks up the trains in the Bradshaw. Morality tells you what is right, and adventure moves you. If morality means anything it means keeping bounds, respecting implications, respecting implicit bounds. If individuality means anything it means breaking bounds – adventure.
Charles L. Whitfield|Some mental healthcare workers are aware of clients with high needs, such as dissociative disorders and personality disorders, who have histories of sexual abuse (contact offences), usually from early childhood, involving two or more adults acting together and multiple child victims (Gold et al., 1996; McClellan et al., 1995; Middleton & Butler, 1998). This has been defined as “organised abuse” (Bibby, 1996; La Fontaine, 1993). Excluded from this definition arecases where a child is sexually abused by multiple perpetrators who are unaware of one another, such as survival sex amongst homeless youths, or where abuse is limited to a single household or family and there are no extra-familial victims (La Fontaine, 1
Saul Williams, , said the shotgun to the head.|Have you ever lost yourself in a kiss? I mean pure psychedelic inebriation. Not just lustful petting but transcendental metamorphosis when you became aware that the greatness of this being was breathing into you. Licking the sides and corners of your mouth, like sealing a thousand fleshy envelopes filled with the essence of your passionate being and then opened by the same mouth and delivered back to you, over and over again - the first kiss of the rest of your life. A kiss that confirms that the universe is aligned, that the world's greatest resource is love, and maybe even that God is a woman. With or without a belief in God, all kisses are metaphors decipherable by allocations of time, circumstance, and understanding
May Sarton, Selected Poems|In trials of ir'n and silver fain“The dead will rise and walk again“The blesséd few that touch the light“Will aid the war against the night.“But one by one they all will die“Without a cause to rule them by“As Darkness spreads across the land“He'll wield the oceans in his hand.“Five warriors will oppose his reign“And overthrow the Shadow Thane“They come from sides both dark and light“The realm the mortals call “twilight.”“A magus crowned with boughs of fire“Will rise like Phoenix from his pyre“A beast of shadows touched with sight“Will claim a Dark One as her knight“The next, a prophet doomed to fail“Will find her powers to avail“The final: one mere mortal man“Who bears the mark upon his hand“The circle closes round these few“Made sacred by the bonds they hew“But if one fails then so shall all“Bring death to those of Evenfall.
Vince Lombardi|A good vacation for me is going to warm weather. Being able to go outside, in the sun, hit the beach, play outside sports. Being active outside. Going swimming, hanging by the pool, having a couple drinks, having a couple of your close buddies around, and just having a blast.
Kate Zambreno|Henry Miller, Genet, Sade, Bataille are really important writers for me and I love them, but I feel often they don’t love me, you know? I feel I always have to wrap my head around the way the girl is treated in the works, and the way the woman writer has been treated within their philosophies. I think of Kathy Acker’s Blood and Guts in High School, where Janey Smith is in an S&M relationship with Jean Genet, who she follows around the deserts of Algeria, and he’s horrible to her, and that’s what I think of when I think of my relationship to those writers. I think you have to read the text, obviously, despite that. You seem to be subverting Sade and Bataille’s ideas of the whore, and Henry Miller – all of his cunt portraits, all of his horrors that he writes about – you’re writing about it from an interiority and a subjectivity that we don’t typically get with the ‘whore’ or the ‘slut’ or the sexual girl.
Alistair McHarg, Invisible Driving|It's crazy, how similar we are. Here's both of us, working through our stuff, trying to make something positive out of something really bad.
Osamu Dazai, The Setting Sun|It isn't that I dislike artists, but I can't stand anyone who puts on those ponderous airs of a man of character.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|With determination, the dream will be fulfilled.
Everett Dirksen|If you constantly allow negative statements into your life, you run the risk of adopting such negative statements as your convictions and principles. Generally, you will have a pessimistic outlook towards life.
Fakeer Ishavardas|It's tough to get out of one's inherited imbecilic culture, and a thus inherited or endowed lunatic belief system. A freethinker must overcome every deadened system. Especially one's own.
Pierce Brown, Red Rising|To live in a city, one must be larger than one's environment or enjoy belonging to the crowd.
Larry the Cable Guy|On Christmas Eve, we have a duck or roast pork with caramelised potatoes, braised red cabbage and gravy. For dessert, we have ris a l'amande, a rice pudding, and whoever gets the whole almond in it wins an extra present. Then we dance around the tree and sing carols.
George Lois|If a man does not work passionately - even furiously - at being the best in the world at what he does, he fails his talent, his destiny, and his God.
Eddie  Johnson|Fear of the LORD is the beginning of knowledge. Only Fools despise wisdom and discipline." Proverbs 1:7 NLT
Ayn Rand|Every form of happiness if one, every desire is driven by the same motor--by our love for a single value, for the highest potentiality of our own existence--and every achievement is an expression of it.
Sadhguru, Life and Death in One Breath|You know I don't understand what you mean, right?" I asked. "I'm counting on it," she said, and then her eyes focused behind me. "I think your friends are upset that I've stolen you."Suddenly I could feel all their eyes boring into my back. For once, it didn't bother me at all."They'll survive."She grinned. "I may not give you back, though."I swallowed too loud and she laughed.
David Sedaris, Theft by Finding: Diaries 1977-2002|I realized I was a teacher when I felt warm during class and got up to open the door. Later on there was noise in the hallway, so I got up and shut it. Students can't open and close the door whenever they feel like it.
Alexander McCall Smith, Friends, Lovers, Chocolate|... Will ye be there for him in his time of need, or do you prefer to take your anger with you to the grave?
Dean Koontz, The Dead Town|It is well, I think, for us to learn to tell evil from good; but it has its price, as everything does. We leave our evil friend behind.
Sam Vaknin, Malignant Self Love: Narcissism Revisited|Cognitive insight (knowing something) is not like emotional insight (feeling something). It has no psychodynamic effects. It does not affect the narcissist's behavior patterns, or his interpersonal interactions - the products of well entrenched and rigid defense mechanisms.
Lisa Bedrick, Life Stories|Always re-invent yourself. Always try new things; new food, new hobbies, meet new people. That will keep your life from becoming stagnant and boring. And you will have a lot more fun!
Rachel A. Marks, Darkness Brutal|Without thinking, I step a little closer, reaching out slowly to slide a fingertip over the largest petal of the lily tattoo on her lower back. Instantly a vibration moves up my arm, and I swear the mark on my hand burns against my skin.I clench my fingers into a fist, but I don’t step away.“Did you feel that?” she asks.I shake my head. “I don’t know.” I feel so much, always so much.She takes my hand and brings it to her side again, resting it on the violets. I look at thepurple flowers between my fingers and feel the heat of her skin, the way it slides beneath my palm, soft as silk. And that vibration moves through my arm again.Her breath quickens.I find myself moving closer as her blue eyes go wide with wonder. My heart stutters and my chest aches with some unknown need.“Are you doing this?” I ask. Is she making me want this?“No,” she breathes. The smell of her turns to spice, sharp and warm, and I know I’m sensing her now, even through the block in the house.We stand like that for an eternity, still as statues on the outside, but inside I’m running, running toward a place I’ve never been. I should be terrified. But all I feel is strength. Rightness.And then Kara moves, her hands skimming up my chest, testing the boundaries. Her palms slide to my shoulders, her fingers tracing the line of the muscles in my arms, down to my waist. She grips my shirt, stretching it a little, waiting for me to tell her to stop. But I watch her lift it, let her pull it up, raising my arms, and I even take the last of it off myself, dropping it to the floor.We breathe, staring at each other.The vibrations move between us. My left arm buzzes with them. I think she’s doing it. Whatever’s happening, it’s her.I reach up and brush my marked knuckles across her cheek, amazed at the feel of her, the way her eyes seem to see everything, the way she pulls me into her. I can’t seem to remember why I shouldn’t kiss her. And kiss her. And . . .I kiss her, taking her face in both hands, skimming my thumb over her jaw as she leans into the touch, reaching out to curl her fingers around the back of my neck. I have to remind myself to breathe. I need more of her. The emotions roll over me in a rush, a tangle of sensation and movement, heat and sugar and heady aromas.I grip her tighter.Her nails dig into my shoulders. My hands slide down her spine. The kiss deepens, goes on forever, until I can barely see sense. I explore her shape, the feel of her ribs, the textures and taste of her skin on my tongue as I kiss her neck, her shoulders, her chest. As I draw trembling gasps from her lips, she grips me so hard it hurts.Our bodies mesh. Our breath mingles in frenzied desperation. Nothing else exists except her. Her warmth. Her spice. Her.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Throughout her life, she behaved as if she had never heard anyone suggest that a woman couldn't do entirely as she pleased.
Julie James, It Happened One Wedding|Kyle, you are a mellow dude...You can’t be with an agitator. And that’s what she is. An agitator. She’s a Jackson Pollock and you’re a Thomas Kinkade.
Beverly Engel, The Nice Girl Syndrome: Stop Being Manipulated and Abused -- And Start Standing Up for Yourself|I am continuously struck by how frequently the various thought processes of the inner critic trigger overwhelming emotional flashbacks. This is because the PTSD-derived inner critic weds shame and self-hate about imperfection to fear of abandonment, and mercilessly drive the psyche with the entwined serpents of perfectionism and endangerment. Recovering individuals must learn to recognize, confront and disidentify from the many inner critic processes that tumble them back in emotional time to the awful feelings of overwhelming fear, self-hate, hopelessness and self-disgust that were part and parcel of their original childhood abandonment.
Jesikah Sundin, Elements|Once again, he became outraged that humans—more specifically his dad—would rather invest in something pointless than the people right in front of them. Would Earth still suffer and need movements dedicated to its healing if humankind was rooted in reality?
Olivia Harvard, Flo|He stretches languorously under me, and the silvery scar on his abdomen catches the light, that telltale mark from Sister Two when he fought her inside Butterfly Threads just weeks ago. When he almost died to help me and Jeb escape. But I didn’t let him die, because I couldn’t imagine a world without him.I can’t imagine a future without him, either. Not anymore.
Kamand Kojouri|They want us to be afraid. They want us to be afraid of leaving our homes. They want us to barricade our doors and hide our children. Their aim is to make us fear life itself! They want us to hate. They want us to hate 'the other'. They want us to practice aggression and perfect antagonism. Their aim is to divide us all! They want us to be inhuman. They want us to throw out our kindness. They want us to bury our love and burn our hope. Their aim is to take all our light! They think their bricked walls will separate us. They think their damned bombs will defeat us. They are so ignorant they don’t understand that my soul and your soul are old friends. They are so ignorant they don’t understand that when they cut you I bleed. They are so ignorant they don’t understand that we will never be afraid, we will never hate and we will never be silent for life is ours!
Sunday Adelaja, Create Your Own Net Worth|You carry God, hence you have a worth.
Lang Leav, Lullabies|Here are the things I want for you -I want you to be happy. I want someone else to know the warmth of your smile, to feel the way I did when I was in your presence.I want you to know how happy you once made me and though you really did hurt me, in the end, I was better for it. I don't know if what we had was love, but if it wasn't, I hope to never fall in love. Because of you, I know I am too fragile to bear it.I want you to remember my lips beneath your fingers and how you told me things you never told another soul. I want you to know that I have kept sacred, everything you had entrusted in me and I always will.Finally, I want you to know how sorry I am for pushing you away when I had only meant to bring you closer. And if I ever felt like home to you, it was because you were safe with me. - I want you to know that most of all.
Barack Obama, The Audacity of Hope: Thoughts on Reclaiming the American Dream|Living in a way that reflects one's values is not just about what you do, it is also about how you do things.
Rush|I've got my own moral compass to steer byA guiding star beats a spirit in the skyAnd all the preaching voices -Empty vessels ring so loudAs they move among the crowdFools and thieves are well disguisedIn the temple and market placeLike a stone in the riverAgainst the floods of springI will quietly resistLike the willows in the windOr the cliffs along the oceanI will quietly resistI don't have faith in faithI don't believe in beliefYou can call me faithlessI still cling to hopeAnd I believe in loveAnd that's faith enough for meI've got my own spirit level for balanceTo tell if my choice is leaning up or downAnd all the shouting voicesTry to throw me off my courseSome by sermon, some by forceFools and thieves are dangerousIn the temple and market placeLike a forest bows to winterBeneath the deep white silenceI will quietly resistLike a flower in the desertThat only blooms at nightI will quietly resist
Cassandra Giovanni, Love Exactly|For so long music has been my heart, but now it's you...you're my heart.
Lionel Shriver, We Need to Talk About Kevin|It isn't very nice to admit, but domestic violence has its uses. So raw and unleashed, it tears away the veil of civilization that comes between us as much as it makes life possible. A poor substitute for the sort of passion we like to extol perhaps, but real love shares more in common with hatred and rage than it does with geniality or politeness.
James Castleton, MD, Mending of a Broken Heart|God will spare no pains necessary to bring us into relationship with Himself, even as that may mean permitting whatever pain is necessary to do so. Suffering is the grist by which the mill of faith yields the raw material of new character, greater insight and deeper relationship with God.
John Connolly, The Lovers|The devil prince of this world, but this world don’t last so long for mortal man.
Rashida Jones|I think Chris Martin is younger than I am, but when I met him, I felt like I was talking to my father. It's so strange, that feeling when someone is that famous - you assume that they are either older or better.
RVM|I used to worry about my Fears, but I realized that most of the time nothing bad happened. So, I have stopped worrying.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|People do not recognize that you can do it when you merely tell them you can. Until they see you doing it, they won’t follow you. Leaders who are willing to go further alone today are those to be consulted for solutions tomorrow.
Nourhan Mamdouh|Magic is always been there, just believe, then you'll see it
Nicolas Cage|I hope that any expansion of London will learn from the planning examples of some of its most desirable areas such as Chelsea, Notting Hill, Belgravia and Mayfair. All are characterised by high density and a generosity of green spaces. They are all pedestrian-friendly with shops, entertainment, restaurants and pubs within easy walking distance.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|You are alone because you were born alone. And though you were born alone, you found a reason and the strength to shake yourself, though as helpless as you were at birth, for the whole universe to hear and know that you have not just arrived, but you are healthy, and you commended and moved things and people around you with your cry, even as an infant! And though it all seems you are alone, note that once you can breathe, you are never alone! Smile, for there is an indomitable power within you, given to you by God! Realize your God, realize your power! Awake and realize your true strength and the strong power within you! Face life and do not just challenge the challenges in life but conquer them with all boldness and fortitude. Step by step, complete the steps! It is always not all that easy, but, be strong and beat life no matter what!
Bernard Meltzer|If we can by any method establish a relation of mutual trust between the laborer and the employer, we shall lay the foundation stone of a structure that will endure for all time.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|I don’t need to look at your primal, white-hot, mutant pirate eyes, big guy. Just forget that I’m there, and I’ll try to block out the fact that I ever met you. Basically we’ll just act like we do every day.
Zhuangzi|Forget the years, forget distinctions. Leap into the boundless and make it your home!
Ramakrishna, Sayings of Sri Ramakrishna|What Brahman is cannot be described. All things in the world — the Vedas, the Puranas, the Tantras, the six systems of philosophy — have been defiled, like food that has been touched by the tongue, for they have been read or uttered by the tongue. Only one thing has not been defiled in this way, and that is Brahman. No one has ever been able to say what Brahman is.
Albert Pike|We must pass through the darkness, to reach the light.
Criss Jami|Best to live and love by the maxim that 'silence in the face of evil is evil itself', but when it's evil fighting evil, let evil kill itself.
Elizabeth Winder, Pain, Parties, Work: Sylvia Plath in New York, Summer 1953|The woman was Diana Vreeland, the high priestess of fashion and legendary fashion editor of Harper’s Bazaar and editor-in-chief of Vogue. Dana paused, eyes wide. Well, perhaps she was a bit star-struck after all.
Joyce Rachelle, Sewing Figs|I had no money to start,For Jack decreed in his pride:The Caveman's wife didn't work - It was his job to provide.A brief reminder right here:Let men believe they are shrewd,But even women of oldEmbroidered mittens for food.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The searchlight of [God’s] Spirit will probe the inner depths of your soul and reveal things that you think you have already yielded, but you have not.
Richard Connell, The Most Dangerous Game|We have all been expelled from the Garden, but the ones who suffer most in exile are those who are still permitted to dream of perfection.
|I am not Iron-Man, I am Forest-Man!
Anna Quindlen|Nobody likes the "A" word, but everyone ages. You can have an aging in place master suite that looks like a resort hotel, rather than a rehab hospital room.
Joel Osteen|The foolish of God is wiser than men; and the weakness of god is stronger than men. For ye see your calling, brethren, how that may not many wise men after the flesh, not many mighty, not many noble, are called, but God hath chosen the foolish things of the world to confound the wise; and God hath choses the weak things of the world to confound the things which are mighty. And bade things of the world, and things which are despised, hath God chosen, yea, and things which are not, to bring to nought things that are.
Priyavrat Thareja|But unlike Jack, Bobby had not been groomed to be a candidate, and he was constitutionally incapable of the flattery and false praise with which politicians like Johnson got others to do their daily bidding.
M.K.|Do what you have to do when you have to do it, so that you can do what you want to do when you want to do it.
William Steig, The Real Thief|Why had he wanted to be rich, or to feel rich? Was he an unhappy mouse before? Didn't he see the King himself often looking sad? Was anyone completely happy?
Agatha Christie|I've always liked Saturn. But I also have some sympathy for Pluto because I heard it's been downgraded from a planet, and I think it should remain a planet. Once you've given something planetary status it's kind of mean to take it away.
Melika Dannese Lux, Corcitura|...if you're an actor, and you've thought your way into the part, then you're character portrayal will have authority...
James Ellroy|To me, there's nothing on earth other than women. It's why I get out of bed every morning.
Ivanka Trump|When I was little, I'd pick flowers wherever I traveled with my mom, then dry them, cover them with resin, and turn them into paperweights.
C. S. Lewis - A Life: Eccentric Genius, Reluctant Prophet|I don't know when the boysbegan to walk away with parts of myselfin their sticky hands; when lovingbecame a process of subtraction. Or why,having given up what seems so much,I'm willing to lose even more — erasingall this body's known, relearning it with you.
Therese Anne Fowler, Z: A Novel of Zelda Fitzgerald|You are pretty, aren’t you?”Rosika frowned. “You don’t have to sound so surprised.
Angela Claire, Tempting the New Boss|Hmmm, you like that," he whispered, his breath hot and intoxicating.	"I like ... everything.
Abdullah of Saudi Arabia|The use of the atomic bomb, with its indiscriminate killing of women and children, revolts my soul.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|Ah, wonderful sleep. I love to sleep. It's one of the things I'm really good at.
Guru Gobind Singh, Zafarnama|Man is the ant of the Universe; He is not an important creature, at least at the moment!
Irfa Rahat|At the end, I realise I was the only who always walked on the people, for nothing but betterment, and I got no regrets.
Michael Bassey Johnson|An indoor man eats nothing, except that which is prepared and served by his mother with lots of insults, an outdoor man eats that which he buys, prepares, served and eaten with lots of respect.
P.L. Travers, The Rise of the Mafia : the definitive story of organized crime|We believed optimistically that Laurie was a reformed character. I told my husband, on the last day of Laurie's confinement, that actually one good scare like that could probably mark a child for life, and my husband pointed out that kids frequently have an instinctive desire to follow the good example rather than the bad, once they find out which is which. We agreed that a good moral background and thorough grounding in the Hardy Boys would always tell in the long run.("Arch-Criminal")
Mae West|I really feel that we're not giving children enough credit for distinguishing what's right and what's wrong. I, for one, devoured fairy tales as a little girl. I certainly didn't believe that kissing frogs would lead me to a prince, or that eating a mysterious apple would poison me, or that with the magical "Bibbity-Bobbity-Boo" I would get a beautiful dress and a pumpkin carriage. I also don't believe that looking in a mirror and saying "Candyman, Candyman, Candyman" will make some awful serial killer come after me. I believe that many children recognize Harry Potter for what it is, fantasy literature. I'm sure there will always be some that take it too far, but that's the case with everything. I believe it's much better to engage in dialog with children to explain the difference between fantasy and reality. Then they are better equipped to deal with people who might have taken it too far.
Leon Redbone|If you can't read, it's going to be hard to realize dreams.
Rusty Fischer, Becca Bloom and the Drumsticks of Doom: A Heavy Metal Love Story|He's reading a book called Great Warlocks of the 18th Century, and to get this ball rolling before Dean Devlin shows up and rains on our private parade, I snort and ask, "Good book?"I forget I'm pretending to be sitting behind my two-thousand-ninety-eight-page Highlights of Modern Chemistry book, so he snorts back. "Better than yours.
Cheryl Strayed, Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail|WHAT DOES AN OLD MAN GAIN BY EXERCISINGwhat will he gain by talking on the phonewhat will he gain by going after fame, tell mewhat does he gain by looking in the mirrorNothingeach time he just sinks deeper in the mudIt’s already three or four in the morningwhy doesn’t he try to go to sleepbut no--he won’t stop doing exercisewon’t stop with his famous long-distance callswon’t stop with Bach		 with Beethoven				 with Tchaikovskywon’t stop with the long looks in the mirrorwon’t stop with the ridiculous obsession about continuing to breathepitiful--it would be better if he turned out the lightRidiculous old man his mother says to himyou and your father are exactly alikehe didn’t want to die eithermay God grant you the strength to drive a carmay God grant you the strength to talk on the phonemay God grant you the strength to breathe may God grant you the strength to bury your motherYou fell asleep, you ridiculous old man!but the poor wretch does not intend to sleepLet’s not confuse crying with sleeping
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|There's blood pounding through the Duke's head.Knighthood is glory, he's thinking, not just grace in the saddle and at swordplay, but courage enough to give your life to defend what you hold dear. A noble reward, for noble men. A badge of honour.He'd never ennoble a merchant. Even Chaucer, whom he admires, but knows to be a fool on a battlefield. Not Chaucer's fault, that; just his merchant blood.Knighthood's not for the likes of these people; for Madame Perrers' brood. He thought she knew her place. But she's overreached herself; she's as grasping as the rest of them, after all. Do these people think they can buy or steal everything?
Gregory David Roberts, Shantaram|Ако съдбата не те разсмива, ти просто не схващаш шегата.
Jorge Luis Borges, Twenty-Four Conversations with Borges: Interviews by Roberto Alifano 1981-1983|A writer - and, I believe, generally all persons - must think that whatever happens to him or her is a resource. All things have been given to us for a purpose, and an artist must feel this more intensely. All that happens to us, including our humiliations, our misfortunes, our embarrassments, all is given to us as raw material, as clay, so that we may shape our art.
John Redwood|I think a lot of people, even Christians, are willing to be satisfied with gaining lots and lots of biblical knowledge - and many people go to Bible studies and don't realize it isn't enough to know what's right, it's applying the information and the knowledge that you have.
Jane Goodall|As I have said for many years throughout this land, we're borrowing money from China to buy oil from the Persian Gulf to burn it in ways that destroy the future of human civilization. Every bit of that has to change.
Magica Quartet, Puella Magi Madoka Magica, Vol. 02|If flatness were funny, a dinner plate would be hilarious.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Some argue that in time there was a noticeable change in Ratzinger's position held during the Council. However, as he himself said, and others would say about him, "It is not Ratzinger who has somehow changed and suddenly become reactionary and conservative. It is the secular culture that has drifted beyond the pale.
Loretta Lynch|The future is green energy, sustainability, renewable energy.
Ian Ziering|Our success as a global brand has been directly related to how we select locations where we are confident our particular clients desire to be. Los Cabos, Mexico is the ideal Engel & Volkers market, growing in popularity among world luxury travelers seeking exceptional properties for second home opportunities.
Bret Harte|Why is it that night falls, instead of rising, like the dawn? Yet if you look east, at sunset, you can see night rising, not falling; darkness lifting into the sky, up from the horizon...
Sami Ahmad Khan|She removed the shining black disk from its sleeve, holding it by the edges. After she placed it on the turntable and set the arm into motion, she adjusted the volume on the amplifier, flooding the room with sound. She closed her eyes and began to sway to the music. She could almost feel Clive’s arms guiding her, as he had done so many times over the course of their lives tog
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Nature|Have mountains, and waves, and skies, no significance but what we consciously give them, when we employ them as emblems of our thoughts?
Dalton Frey, The Darkest Light|We are all protagonists, each and every one of us.
Robert H. Schuller|I can, therefore I am.
Stephen King, Danse Macabre|Discipline and constant work are the whetstones upon which the dull knife of talent is honed until it becomes sharp enough, hopefully, to cut through even the toughest meat and gristle.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Your top priority needs to be—first and foremost—eating fresh, chemical-free produce and keeping your busy family healthy.
Mark Mazower, Salonica, City of Ghosts: Christians, Muslims and Jews  1430-1950|She breathed an enormous sigh, looked at Poirot, Looked away, and suddenly blurted out, "You're too old. Nobody told me you were so old. I really don't want to be rude but - there it is. You're too old. I'm really sorry." She turned abruptly and blundered out of the room, rather like a desperate moth in lamplight. Poirot, his mouth open, heard the bang of the front door. He ejaculated: "Non d'un nom d'un nom...
Mohsin Hamid, The Reluctant Fundamentalist|The [Israelis] believed - they were possessed of an absolute certainty and conviction - that 'terrorists' were in Chatila. How could I explain to them that the terrorists had left, that the terrorists had worn Israeli uniforms, that the terrorists had been sent into Chatila by Israeli officers, that the victims of the terrorists were not Israelis but Palestinians and Lebanese?
Christian Cantrell, Containment|The fewer moving parts, the better." "Exactly. No truer words were ever spoken in the context of engineering.
Phil Mason, Napoleon's Hemorrhoids: And Other Small Events That Changed History|Much of history turns out to be the consequence of small acts of fortune, accident or luck, good or bad.
Joan Rivers|I was never fond of this boyfriend-girlfriend game. Outsmart me, make me feel challenged and I can walk with you forever but to act like love smitten puppies in love is not my thing.
Bill Watterson|I've got to start listening to those quiet, nagging doubts.
Jonathan Heatt|i Create. I don't "Need".Meaning: I don't need advice or criticism. Unless you're offering money, weed, or whiskey save it. Thanks.
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Kiss an Angel|I have grown to understand this about life: true life is just one and whoever misses it never sees the true life; great and true chance in life comes just once in a lifetime and anyone who misses it always seek for chances that are not all that the true one, except the one God can provide; true God is one and any person who serves two doesn’t really know how to truly serve the true one; true love in the heart is just one and anyone who has two shall only have a conflict with the true one; true understanding is just one and anyone who has two is not far away from misunderstanding; what is truly genuine is always the genuine one and anything else is just the opposite of the genuine one; true meaning of life is one and anyone who misses it shall never live a life that truly means life!
C.J. Morrow, The Finder|The cool enchantment of evening has arrived after the prostrating heat of summer's day and we lie quietly in anticipation of Your luminous appearance - Mysterious Selene, Whose Lunar Orb relieves the dark of night.
Swami Dhyan Giten|If you love another person, you have to become a no-self, a nothing. When you love, you have to become a nobody. When you are a nobody, love happens. If you remain somebody, love never happens.One becomes afraid of love, because love opens the inner emptiness.Love is not an effort. If love is an effort, it is not love.It is the same case with the ultimate experience, it happens when you do not make an effort. Then you can simply float with the river to the Ocean.
Thomas Szasz, Ceremonial Chemistry: The Ritual Persecution of Drugs, Addicts and Pushers|Money is not an invention of the state. It is not the product of a legislative act. Even the sanction of political authority is not necessary for its existence. Certain commodities came to be money quite naturally, as the result of economic relationships that were independent of the power of the state.
Saaif Alam|If someone thinks that they are invincible, they would start to become arrogant with others and greedy about power. Eventually, people who are more intelligent can defeat him or her and give them a taste about their weakness.
Cyndi Lee|Positive thoughts help us construct a positive life, one thought at a time.
Douglas Adams, Last Chance to See|I do not believe in the immortality of the individual, and I consider ethics to be an exclusively human concern without any superhuman authority behind it.
Audrey Hepburn|It is a great honor to be awarded a Nobel Prize. This is a wonderful experience for my wife Betty and me. We received congratulations by email, phone and post, many from old friends we had not seen for some time.
Cornell Woolrich, Baker's Dozen: 13 Short Mystery Novels|I rang the bell and she opened the door, dried her hands, and said heartily: 'Hello, stranger. I was just saying to Cliff only tonight, it's about time you showed up around here.'I wanted to detach him from her, but first I had to sit through about ten minutes of her. She was my sister, but you don't tell women things like I wanted to tell him. I don't know why, but you don't. You tell them the things you have under control; the things that you're frightened of, you tell other men if you tell anyone. ("Nightmare")
Adi Alsaid, Let's Get Lost|I resign, the evening seemed to say, as it paled and faded above the battlements and prominences, moulded, pointed, of hotel, flat, and block of shops, I fade, she was beginning, I disappear, but London would have none of it, and rushed her bayonets into the sky, pinioned her, constrained her to partnership in her revelry.
Karen Azinger, The Flame Priest|Careful, mother, or you could end up dangling in another's webs.
William Shakespeare, The Merchant of Venice|But hear thee, Gratiano:Thou art too wild, too rude, and bold of voice - Parts that become thee happily enough,And in such eyes as ours appear no faults,But where thou art not known, why, there they show Something too liberal.
Lisa Bedrick, On Charismatic Topics|The Holy Spirit is described as the Comforter, like a mother would be a comforter to her child.  It is also said of the Spirit that He will lead us into all truth.  Who instructs children?  It is generally the mom, since she is with her kids most of the time. Who teaches baby Christians and weans them off of milk and into greater spiritual truths?  The Holy Spirit. 
Kristen Henderson, Drum Machine|If in poetry court she was calledto testify on matters whereI was condemned to imprisonment: parking my egoat a broken meter, line violations, forced rhyme,dealing stanzaics to children, shootingoff my mouth, getting cute, for even thislatest attempt at verse, she would tell the whole truth,she would admit from the pitof her unsung brilliance,from all of the paintings and poemsshe herself has been makingand storing in the vast empire of her singing soul, your Honor, my daughter is guiltyof plagiarizing my cells.
Rebecca James, Beautiful Malice|The trouble with words is that no matter how much sense they make in theory, they can’t change what you feel inside.
Howard Kerr, The Haunted Dusk|Another big mistake you women make, never underestimate the cunning of a killer
Darmie O-Lujon|There’s something almost greedy about empathy, because it relies on the notion that we can somehow assimilate the other. A respectful and thoughtful distance is also part of what enables us to respond to the other’s needs.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In times of trouble, fear not! God will deliver you.
Rob Brezsny, Pronoia is the Antidote for Paranoia: How the Whole World is Conspiring to Shower You With Blessings|Quoting geneticists, Guy Murcia says we’re all family. You have at least a million relatives as close as tenth cousin, and no one on Earth is further removed than your fiftieth cousin. Murcia also describes out kinship though an analysis of how deeply we share the air. With each breath, you take into your body 10 sextillion atoms, and-owing to the wind’s ceaseless circulation- over a year’s time you have intimate relations with oxygen molecules exhaled by every person alive, as well as everyone who ever lived. (The Seven Mysteries of Life)
Italo Calvino, Six Memos For The Next Millennium|Overambitious projects may be objectionable in many fields, but not in literature. Literature remains alive only if we set ourselves immeasurable goals, far beyond all hope of achievement.
Marcus Tullius Cicero, On the Republic/On the Laws|We may indeed in counsel point to the higher road, but we cannot compel any free creature to walk upon it. That leadeth to tyranny, which disfigureth good and maketh it seem hateful.
Clint Eastwood|Our defense is in the preservation of the spirit which prizes liberty as a heritage of all men, in all lands, everywhere. Destroy this spirit and you have planted the seeds of despotism around your own doors.
Bilal Tanweer, The Scatter Here Is Too Great|Within the whispers of love, I found my heart. Within a glimmer from a ray, I found my soul. Within both, I found myself.
Patricia Highsmith, Nothing That Meets the Eye: The Uncollected Stories of Patricia Highsmith|Life is a long failure of understanding, a long, mistaken shutting of the heart.
M. Night Shyamalan|And I'm a pretty positive person - I don't put a lot of energy into worrying, and I'm not a person who lives in a great deal of fear.
Katharine Weber, The Music Lesson|Some days being a writer consists of telling yourself you aren't insane, your characters are.
Amanda Hocking, Freeks|The sun had begun its descent toward the horizon, and the sounds of the carnival played like a familiar song behind me.
Peter Sloterdijk, Du mußt dein Leben ändern|Remarkably, studies of visual perception have found that two-dimensional images projected onto the retina only achieve full dimensionality as a result of our perception: we infer the third dimension of depth. Sadly, though, as the urgency to expedite all communicative transactions usurps out customary patterns of exchange, perception is accelerated as well. There does not seem to be a great deal of time left over to infer--or interpret, or imagine--much of anything at all. In the end, of course, there is nothing real about this at all, except for our propensity to let it happen.
Tania Elizabeth, The Tier of Eternal Grace: The Souls Cry|Life has this beautiful way of opening doors when you least expect it. How thy open is sometimes never known. But does that not only further justify the magic and the possibility to the thought, that there is more to life than that which meets thee eye.
Akshay Vasu|Your soul is a paradise. Where gods fell in love with the demons. Where darkness and light fought, for each other's place creating an unending chaos. You are the beginning of everything, that my mind failed to incarnate.
Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce|A heart can stop beating for a while, one can still live.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Suspense consumes your opponents, whereas mystery intrigues your followers.
Osho|Sometimes, there are things is life, and they happen.
Cristelle Comby, Blind Chess|As darkness falls and sleep pulls at me, I wonder, not for the first time, about life and death. Both are real and neither would exist without the other. They balance each other, as do night and day. Hot and cold. Summer and winter.Some people struggle with this concept. At times, they even forget all about it. But if you remember just one thing, let it be this: life always balances itself out. For every bad guy out there, there is someone equally good to make things right again.
Larry DiTillio|A ruse. That's all it was. Pretend to like this girl. Pretend to have feelings, to pursue some kind of relationship. Earn her friendship and trust, knowing I might have to destroy it, and her, in the end.It felt wrong. Dirty and underhanded, something they would do. But... I was a soldier, and this was my mission.
توكل كرمان|The solution to women’s issues can only be achieved in a free and democratic society in which human energy is liberated, the energy of both women and men together. Our civilization is called human civilization and is not attributed only to men or women.
Henry B. Eyring, Because He First Loved Us|In fact the problem Leopardi is facing is speculative and metaphysical, a problem in the history of philosophy from Parmenides to Descartes and Kant: the relationship between the idea of infinity as absolute space and absolute time, and our empirical knowledge of space and time.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Your soul may be trampled in times of troubles. But if your spirit is strong, you will survive.
Marina Gorbis, The Nature of the Future: Dispatches from the Socialstructed World|After all, we are all immigrants to the future; none of us is a native in that land. Margaret Mead famously wrote about the profound changes wrought by the Second World War, “All of us who grew up before the war are immigrants in time, immigrants from an earlier world, living in an age essentially different from anything we knew before.” Today we are again in the early stages of defining a new age. The very underpinnings of our society and institutions--from how we work to how we create value, govern, trade, learn, and innovate--are being profoundly reshaped by amplified individuals. We are indeed all migrating to a new land and should be looking at the new landscape emerging before us like immigrants: ready to learn a new language, a new way of doing things, anticipating new beginnings with a sense of excitement, if also with a bit of understandable trepidation.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Sometimes he looked at her and thought, Gosh, I wonder what's underneath all that anger, all that hard glossy armor? Maybe there's just an innocent, wounded little girl in there who wants to come out and play and be loved and get happy. But now he wondered if maybe that little girl was long gone, or if she'd ever been there at all. What was under all that armor, all that anger? More anger, and more armor. Anger and armor, all the way down.
JUVENALIUS|Maybe some people enter in your life to create wonderful memories before they leave. Its hard to come to terms with that whether they walk away alive or dead.The only thing we can do is keeping that person in your memory as long as you can. That person does not need to please you like a girlfriend or a boy-friend but they can make you happy.That person does not need to cherish you like parents, but they can give you warmth & they are always ready to protect you.That person does not need to make us laugh at all times like friends, but they can make you smile.That some one who you won't go into hysterics when they leave, but they will always be in your memory forever
Timothy J. Keller, The Prodigal God: Recovering the Heart of the Christian Faith|I have three things I'd like to say today. First, while you were sleeping last night, 30,000 kids died of starvation or diseases related to malnutrition. Second, most of you don't give a shit. What's worse is that you're more upset with the fact that I said shit than the fact that 30,000 kids died last night.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|And then he says something like this ... "I would die for you. But I won't live for you." Something like that. I think the idea is that every person has to live for his or her own life and then make the choice to share it with other people.
John Keats, Bright Star: Love Letters and Poems of John Keats to Fanny Brawne|Bright star, would I were stedfast as thou art--Not in lone splendour hung aloft the nightAnd watching, with eternal lids apart,Like nature's patient, sleepless Eremite,The moving waters at their priestlike taskOf pure ablution round earth's human shores,Or gazing on the new soft-fallen maskOf snow upon the mountains and the moors--No--yet still stedfast, still unchangeable,Pillow'd upon my fair love's ripening breast,To feel for ever its soft fall and swell,Awake for ever in a sweet unrest,Still, still to hear her tender-taken breath,And so live ever--or else swoon to death. Glanzvoller Stern! wär ich so stet wie du,Nicht hing ich nachts in einsam stolzer Pracht!SchautŽ nicht mit ewigem Blick beiseite zu,Einsiedler der Natur, auf hoher WachtBeim Priesterwerk der Reinigung, das die See,Die wogende, vollbringt am Meeresstrand;Noch starrt ich auf die Maske, die der SchneeSanft fallend frisch um Berg und Moore band.Nein, doch unwandelbar und unentwegtMöchtŽ ruhn ich an der Liebsten weicher Brust,Zu fühlen, wie es wogend dort sich regt,Zu wachen ewig in unruhiger Lust,Zu lauschen auf des Atems sanftes Wehen -So ewig leben - sonst im Tod vergehen!
Lailah Gifty Akita, On Eagles Wings:Rise|Without being push to the wall, we will have remained in our comfortable zone. But this circumstance challenges us to find the courage to move on.
C. Wright Mills|If love was a choice, who would ever choose such exquisite pain?
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Bear it in mind that when you have no brand, “no brand” is your brand and that’s a negative brand!
Jenny Hollowell, Everything Lovely, Effortless, Safe|Lead us not into temptation' often means, among other things, 'Deny me those gratifying invitations, those highly interesting contacts, that participation in the brilliant movements of our age, which I so often, at such risk, de
Bettie B. Youngs|Good parents...give their children roots and wings. Roots to know where home is, wings to fly away and exercise what's been taught them.
Kamand Kojouri|For me,you are fresh waterthat falls from treeswhen it has stopped raining. For me, you are cinnamon that lingers on the tongue and givesbitter wordssweetening.For me, you are the scent of violins and visionof valleys smiling.And still,for me, your loveliness never ends.It traverses the worldand finds its way back to me.Only me.
Buddha|I'm for truth, no matter who tells it. I'm for justice, no matter who it's for or against.
Malala Yousafzai|I like to say that the greatest handicap of deafness does not lie in the ear, it lies in the mind. I hope that through my example, such as my role on 'The West Wing,' I can help change attitudes on deafness and prove we can really do everything... except hear.
Chad White, Email Marketing Rules|Investments in greater email marketing sophistication often lead to even higher returns, not diminishing returns.
Warren Eyster, The Goblins of Eros|I quickly realized that there are two main kinds of diversity—demographic and moral. ... Once you make this distinction, you see that nobody can coherently even want moral diversity. If you are pro-choice on the issue of abortion, would you prefer that there be a wide variety of opinions and no dominant one? Or would you prefer that everyone agree with you and the laws of the land reflect that agreement? If you prefer diversity on an issue, the issue is not a moral issue for you; it is a matter of personal taste.
Emil M. Cioran|We should not write so that it is possible for the reader to understand us, but so that it is impossible for him to misunderstand us.
Nancy B. Brewer, Beyond Sandy Ridge|He stood at the foot of the grave, gloved hands clasped behind him, his dark clothes and hair blending into one black silhouette, as if he were not a presence but an absence, a hole cut out of the landscape.
Robert Darnton|Official education was telling people almost nothing of the nature of all those things on the seashores, and in the redwood forests, in the deserts and in the plains.
Traci Lea LaRussa|The Throes of Poetry - Hymns formed from groans of acquaintance, its rhythm weaving between tranquility, compassions, and peril - like bare feet stomping on broken glass - bleeds, recoils, then steps again.
Ben Sherwood|How many boys like him were out there in the ether, holding on to their big brothers and sisters who were still alive? How many husbands were floating between life and death, clinging to their wives in this world? And how may millions and millions of people were there in the world like Charlie who wouldn't let go of their loved ones when they're gone?
A. Lee Martinez|A place that proves if you get enough talented people in a room, one or two are bound to offer some helpful advice. Kind if like monkeys with typewriters.
James E. Faust|I think every person should have some faith inside him, in his heart. What matters is not an external display of this faith, but the inner state of the soul.
Nicola Yoon, The Sun Is Also a Star|I had forgotten, I suppose, that there were bright memories in amongst the dark.
Adel Sakura|Whatever my path, I have faith I will end up where I need to be.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The better the wife,the happier the man.The happier the man,the happier the wife.
Boris Kovalík|Closing the deal is not just selling, it is MOVING people from where they are to where they should be; helping them make the right choices and take action toward their financial freedom, peace of mind, and legacy.
Caitlín R. Kiernan|The stories that contain badness are not bad stories. Rather, they are among some of the best. Because the storyteller who loves the children and gives the whole of his or her self to them by means of the tale—inviting at the same time the whole of the children's selves—is of all people the best able to confront true and truly terrible things with the children.
Charles Lindbergh|The only medicine for suffering, crime, and all other woes of mankind, is wisdom. Teach a man to read and write, and you have put into his hands the great keys of the wisdom box. But it is quite another thing to open the box.
Jean Thompson, The Humanity Project|You wanted to believe that getting older, growing up, would change everything, transform you into the amazing person you were meant to be. But what if it didn't? What if you had to stay you forever?
Miranda Kenneally, Things I Can't Forget|8 April 1891The obscenity of nostrils and mouths; the ignominious cupidity of smiles and women encountered in the street; the shifty baseness on every side, as of hyenas and wild beasts ready to bite: tradesmen in their shops and strollers on their pavements. How long must I suffer this? I have suffered it before, as a child, when, descending by chance to the servant's quarters, I overheard in astonishment their vile gossip, tearing up my own kind with their lovely teeth.This hostility to the entire race, this muted detestation of lynxes in human form, I must have rediscovered it later while at school. I had a repugnance and horror for all base instincts, but am I not myself instinctively violent and lewd, murderous and sensual? Am I any different, in essence, from the members of the riotous and murderous mob of a hundred years ago, who hurled the town sergeants into the Seine and cried, 'String up the aristos!' just as they shout 'Down with the army!' or 'Death to the Jews!
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|If a man spreads his secret with his own tongue and blames another... then he is a fool. If his own breast is too narrow to conceal his own secret, then the breast of the one in whom he places it is even narrower.
Adam Mansbach|Mama and Daddy King represent the best in manhood and womanhood, the best in a marriage, the kind of people we are trying to become.
Kate Reardon|I grew up in uptown Jamaica; I went to a rich school. I was raised by my mother and my stepfather; they made sure education came before anything. I had a good childhood, grew up spending time with my bigger brothers and sisters. My people are good people. I was exposed to a lot of different kinds of people and culture.
Laurie R. King, A Letter of Mary|Suddenly, it occurred to me that my feelings towards the little man were distinctly maternal. Good God, I thought, how utterly revolting, and I turned my mind firmly to the problem at hand.
Kiefer Sutherland|I was raised with hippie parents, so I get down with the positive. I don't pay attention to the negative.
Darrel Ray, Sex & God: How Religion Distorts Sexuality|Growing up in a religious environment, children learn what not to do sexually. They learn that some practices or ideas, such as homosexuality, lust, masturbation, and pornography are sinful. These ideas are embedded in the minds of children years before they are ready for marriage, so it's no surprise that many religious people have little or no experience with sex and know little about their sexuality.The guilt cycle that results from this training creates a form of self-censorship. Because so many sex acts and ideas are liable to lead to eternal damnation, people have a strong incentive to avoid expressing or discussing secretly held ideas and interests. Fear leads to hidden thoughts and activities and prevents normal, appropriately channeled sexual expression.
Jean-Marie Goulemot|At that moment, in the temple of her lovers’ tangled limbs, Lea felt the presence of the Divine close by, immanent and imminent — everywhere and everywhen — and it was a sublime feeling, one that made her feel infinitely powerful and infinitely small, both at the same time.A good fuck can make even an agnostic see God — a fact that explained Lea’s parents’ fascination with Tantra, something about which Lea thought as little as possible.
Anne Holm|Yes, he had made a good choice after all when he had chosen the God of the green pasture and the still waters! He was very powerful, and the fact that He expected you to think for yourself and do something in return for His help did not matter, as long as you could work things out.
John J. Pershing, My Experiences in the World War|Do me a favor, okay? Tell my parents that I fought well today. And tell them that I... that I... that I fought hard.
Criss Jami, Diotima, Battery, Electric Personality|From time to timeI once wondered how one wanders from time to timeAnd think up the paradox lineSpeak of Epoch's crimeOh I lied, it hasn't happened yetBut bet you better believe it's such a habit thatI just said that in a past mindset
H.G. Wells, A Modern Utopia|Life is very simple. Just sometimes put your head away, sometimes behead yourself, sometimes look with no clouds in the eyes - just look. Sometimes sit by the side of a tree - just feel. By the side of a waterfall - listen. Lie down on the beach and listen to the roar of the ocean, feel the sand, the coolness of it, or look at the stars, and let that silence penetrate you. Or look at the dark night and let that velvety darkness surround you, envelop you, dissolve you. This is the way of the simple heart.
Steve Antin|I've done a lot of movies that don't have any music in them, and I've always sort of had a kind of wary attitude about music because it can be so manipulative, and also because with pop music, I feel like everybody kind of has their own relationship to songs.
Douglas Wilson, The Case for Classical Christian Education|Education is fundamentally religious. Consequently, there is no question about whether a morality will be imposed in that education, but rather which morality will be imposed.
John Mahoney|But the fact is, no matter how good the teacher, how small the class, how focused on quality education the school may be none of this matters if we ignore the individual needs of our students.
Jim Henson|I think it's not particularly necessary to lead a religious life. People progress just as well in music, or art, or math or science or gardening or whatever. It all seems to work as well and the process is good.
Lisa Kessler, Breath of Passion|Flirting and foreplay came easy to Erica. Before she’d turned twenty, Erato awakened inside her. Erato was the Greek Muse of Lyrics… and Erotic Poetry. She had a gift for inspiring passion.
Stephen Colbert, I Am America|A father has to be a provider, a teacher, a role model, but most importantly, a distant authority figure who can never be pleased. Otherwise, how will children ever understand the concept of God?
Alen Sargsyan|Sometimes people have to compensate for the past, forgetting about the future.
Heather Thurmeier, The Hookup Hoax|He licked up to her ear and whispered, “You taste like summer. Did I ever mention, summer is my favorite season?
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Life [can] become unbalanced, and in the process God gets pushed to the fringes. Instead of staying at the center of our lives, Christ gradually gets relegated to the shadows. Don’t let this happen to you!
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Your mindset buffet is filled with possibilities that can feed your heart, mind, and soul if you will simply serve yourself and go for it! Choose wisely, my friends, choose wisely.
Josh Homme|All my relatives and friends have been pretty aware of my brand of humor for a while, so none of them have been shocked.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Nurture a tree today, and it will provide you fruit tomorrow.
S.A.R.K., Make Your Creative Dreams Real: A Plan for Procrastinators, Perfectionists, Busy People, and People Who Would Really Rather Sleep All Day|A Gift for YouI send you...A cottage retreat on a hill in Ireland. This cottage is filled with fresh flowers, art supplies, and a double-wide chaise lounge in front of a wood-burning fireplace. There is a cabinet near the front door, where your favorite meals appear, several times a day. Desserts are plentiful and calorie free. The closet is stocked with colorful robes and pajamas, and a painting in the bedroom slides aside to reveal a plasma television screen with every movie you've ever wanted to watch. A wooden mailbox at the end of the lane is filled daily with beguiling invitations to tea parties, horse-and-carriage rides, theatrical performances, and violin concerts. There is no obligation or need to respond. You sleep deeply and peacefully each night, and feel profoundly healthy. This cottage is yours to return to at any time. 
Tim Tebow|Labor, under their current leadership, want to be the Downtown Abbey party when it comes to educational opportunity. They think working class children should stick to the station in life they were born into - they should be happy to be recognized for being good with their hands and not presume to get above themselves.
John T. Fuller|If there was one thing Sam understood, it was guilt. It didn't have to be logical; oftentimes it wasn't. Itsawed at your gut relentlessly, tediously, until you wore it like a scar.
Jack Vance, The Face|If religions are diseases of the human psyche, as the philosopher Grintholde asserts, then religious wars must be reckoned the resultant sores and cankers infecting the aggregate corpus of the human race. Of all wars, these are the most detestable, since they are waged for no tangible gain, but only to impose a set of arbitrary credos upon another's mind.
Arnold Haultain, Hints for Lovers|A man to whom a woman cannot look up, she cannot love. Yet, it is marvelous how a woman contrives to find something to look up to in a man.
Oli Anderson, Personal Revolutions: A Short Course in Realness|I sometimes try to imagine what would have happened if we'd known the bonobo first and the chimpanzee only later or not at all. The discussion about human evolution might not revolve as much around violence, warfare, and male dominance, but rather around sexuality, empathy, caring, and co-operation. What a different intellectual landscape we would occupy!”,Our Inner Ape
Erik Pevernagie|There is no other space, no other time. This moment is all. In this moment the whole existence converges, in this moment all is available.
Steven Redhead, Keys to Creating Your Reality|We fiction writers are a brazen lot, are we not? For we, in our passion, embrace just enough truth to consecrate our delicately contrived lies.
Voltaire|I'm no optimist", she said as she opened the cabinet door. " I'm just a realist who smiles too much.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|Look at the ugliness. Yet one has a feeling within one that blinds a man while he loves you. You, with that feeling, blind him, and blind yourself. Then, one day, for no reason, he sees you as ugly as you really are and he is not blind anymore and then you see yourself as ugly as he sees you and you lose your man and your feeling...
Pema Chödrön, The Wisdom of No Escape: How to Love Yourself and Your World|We don't have to be harsh with ourselves when we think, sitting here, that our meditation or our oryoki or the way we are in the world is in the category of worst horse.
Nikolas Schreck|The bourgeoisie, which far surpasses the proletariat in the completeness and irreconcilibility of its class consciousness, is vitally interested in imposing its moral philosophy upon the exploited masses. It is exactly for this purpose that the concrete norms of the bourgeois catechism are concealed under moral abstractions...The appeal to abstract norms is not a disinterested philosophic mistake but a necessary element in the mechanics of class deception.
Kendall Kulper, Salt & Storm|The ocean turns cold, dark, pressing around me, but the deeper I go the more the iron inside of me twists and pulls and I know that I’m tethered to the boat, that even now the men pull the rope tighter and drag me back to the surface.
Book of Eli Movie|Solara: You know, you say you've been walking for thirty years, right?Eli: Right?Solara: Have you ever thought that maybe you were lost?Eli: Nope.Solara: Well, how do you know that you're walking in the right direction?Eli: I walk by faith, not by sight.Solara: [sighs] What does that mean?Eli: It means that you know something even if you don't know something.Solara: That doesn't make any sense.Eli: It doesn't have to make sense. It's faith, it's faith. It's the flower of light in the field of darkness that's giving me the strength to carry on. You understand?Solara: Is that from your book?Eli: No, it's, uh, Johnny Cash, Live at Folsom Prison.
John Paul Warren|Repentance is not merely turning away from your sin but turning to the Lamb who takes away your sin. "Behold, the Lamb of God who takes away the sin of the world". 1 John 1:29
Edward Coke|Home - that blessed word, which opens to the human heart the most perfect glimpse of Heaven, and helps to carry it thither, as on an angel's wings.
Catherine Zeta-Jones|My mother always called me an ugly weed, so I never was aware of anything until I was older. Plain girls should have someone telling them they are beautiful. Sometimes this works miracles.
Max Planck, The Dilemmas of an Upright Man: Max Planck and the Fortunes of German Science|The man who shows great respect for his mother, and the women in his life; will have respect for those he meets.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Do all the work you can, while you can.
Deborah Tannen|The mind, in proportion as it is cut off from free communication with nature, with revelation, with God, with itself, loses its life, just as the body droops when debarred from the air and the cheering light from heaven.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|That's us," he said. "Those five nuts right there.""Which one is me?" I asked."The little deformed one," Zoe suggested."Oh, shut up.
Nikesh Shukla, Coconut Unlimited|Tell me about Gang Starr,' said Nishant, in an effort to start a conversation I'd be interested in. 'One MC, one DJ...' 'Classic combo,' Anand affirmed.'No hype man?''No.''What do we need Anand for?' Nishant shrugged, ever the pragmatist, never the catcher of feelings.
Faraaz Kazi|And secondly. I am not falling for her. I broke my rules, but it doesn’t mean anything. My mission statement is still clear in my head. But, my chest… Moaning, I roll over on my back, rubbing the spot at the center of my sternum. I’m too young for a heart attack, right? It’s got to be heartburn. Or a pulled muscle. I did put a lot into that whipping. I probably strained something. It’s definitely not emotions. I am not feeling things for her. I. Am. Not.
Jean Rhys, Sleep it Off Lady: Stories by Jean Rhys|Her voice is filled with distant sonorities, like reverberations in a cave: now you are at the place of annihilation, now you are at the place of annihilation. And she is herself a cave full of echoes, she is a system of repetitions, she is a closed circuit.’ Can a bird sing only the song it knows or can it learn a new song?’ She draws her long, sharp fingernail across the bars of the cage in which her pet lark sings, striking a plangent twang like that of the plucked heartstrings of a woman of metal. Her hair falls down like tears.
Margaret Atwood|It's okay to remember, but it's also okay to forget too.
Ted Willams|A man has to have goals - for a day, for a lifetime - and that was mine, to have people say, 'There goes Ted Williams, the greatest hitter who ever lived.
Joan Rivers, Enter Talking|I am driven. Being driven is my energy source. It is my fun.…I believe that where there is action, there is movement, and those ripples will eventually produce something positive.
Tom Brokaw|I had this unusual mix of curiosity, the ability to write in ways people understood, and when I appeared, viewers seemed to trust me to get them through some cataclysmic changes.
Chad Hurley|Involvement in my kids' sports teams is something I have made time for over the years. I've also been able to coach all three of them in baseball and basketball, something that has strengthened our bonds and given me indescribable joy. I wouldn't trade it for anything.
Danny Elfman - The Corpse Bride|Die, die we all pass away, But don't wear a frown coz it's really okay,And you might try to hide, And you might try to pray,But we all end up remains of the day.
Joel Salatin, Holy Cows and Hog Heaven: The Food Buyer's Guide to Farm Friendly Food|You, as a food buyer, have the distinct privilege of proactively participating in shaping the world your children will inherit.
Tessa Bailey, Too Hard to Forget|Perhaps hell is like that; a discordant confusion of anxious souls. Some argued, some slept, some shouted, some wept, some wrote, some sketched and many conspired about their coming interrogation. But mostly they did no more than stare into space, eyes unfocused as they tried to see tomorrow.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|Hello, Minister!" bellowed Percy, sending a neat jinx straight at Thicknesse, who dropped his wand and clawed at the front of his robes, apparently in awful discomfort. "Did I mention I'm resigning?
Matshona Dhliwayo|Noble leaders choose: wisdom over wealth, knowledge over fame, understanding over honor, virtue over titles, and people over power.
Mira Grant, Countdown|Funerals, I had decided, are for the living.
Matshona Dhliwayo|It is wise to read some books, and wise to throw away some.
Masanobu Fukuoka, The One-Straw Revolution|Before researchers become researchers they should become philosophers. They should consider what the human goal is, what it is that humanity should create.Doctors should first determine at the fundamental level what it is that human beings depend on for life...Modern scientific agriculture, on the other hand, has no such vision. Research wanders about aimlessly, each researcher seeing just one part of the infinite array of natural factors which affect harvest yields.Even though it is the same quarter acre, the farmer must grow his crops differently each year in accordance with variations in weather, insect populations, the condition of the soil, and many other natural factors. Nature is everywhere in perpetual motion; conditions are never exactly the same in any two years.Modern research divides nature into tiny pieces and conducts tests that conform neither with natural law nor with practical experiences. The results are arranged for the convenience of research, not according to the needs of the farmer.
Tricia Cunningham, The Reverse Diet: Lose 20, 50, 100 Pounds or More by Eating Dinner for Breakfast and Breakfast for Dinner|No one wakes up in the morning and says, 'I want to gain 150 pounds and I will start right now!
Milan Kundera|Because when the night gets here, I’ll be the youngest I’ll ever be again, so I will laugh and celebrate relative youth.
Deepak Chopra, The Book of Secrets: Unlocking the Hidden Dimensions of Your Life|We live in the Age of the Higher Brain, the cerebral cortex that has grown enormously over the last few millennia, overshadowing the ancient, instinctive lower brain. The cortex is often called the new brain, yet the old brain held sway in humans for millions of years, as it does today in most living things. The old brain can’t conjure up ideas or read. But it does possess the power to feel and, above all, to be. It was the old brain that caused our forebears to sense the closeness of a mysterious presence everywhere in Nature.
Stephen Richards, Anything You Wish: Beyond Limits|When you mark where your self-doubt is, then you can begin to conquer it.
Erik Pevernagie|Through dreams and ideas we are seduced to go back to particular places and instances of our past. In the course of the years, these singular moments and spaces of our history very often receive then another color and dimension. Our mind tries however to tame and keep in control the phantoms of times past. If not so, our memory can be subject to an irreversible mutilation. ( "The mutilated memory" )
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|When you establish a destination by defining what you want, then take physical action by making choices that move you towards that destination, the possibility for success is limitless and arrival at the destination is inevitable.
Penelope Gilliat|There is a predictable interlude when the rivals suddenly come together and speak for a second of their common loneliness, thus tritely demonstrating that we really are all the same, though I can't think of any really first-rate film, play, or book that isn't unconsciously dedicated to the fact that we are all inconsolably different.
Ibrahim Babangida|The bottom line is, I hear my donors, I hear our base out there, I hear the leadership. And we're taking steps to make sure that we're even more - how shall we say it - fiscally conservative in our spending and certainly making sure the dollars are there when it's time to run our campaigns.
Richard Avedon|A professor I had in college used to tell me that if someone won’t listen to what you have to say because you’re not wearing a tie, then put on a tie, ’cause what you have to say is more important than not wearing a tie. He was right.
Steve Maraboli|I feel like when I give trust that isn't earned, I receive hurt that isn't deserved.
Charlotte Brontë, Shirley|The Coming of Wisdom with TimeThough leaves are many, the root is one;Through all the lying days of my youthI swayed my leaves and flowers in the sun;Now I may wither into the truth.
Mary Wollstonecraft, Letters Written During a Short Residence in Sweden, Norway and Denmark|England and America owe their liberty to commerce, which created a new species of power to undermine the feudal system. But let them beware of the consequences: the tyranny of wealth is still more galling and debasing than that of rank.
Miyamoto Musashi|If you want to change anything or your surroundingChange your perception, it will change everything.
Ally Carter, Heist Society|And I didn't choose it, Kat. I chose you.
Saiber|I'm a girl who wants to be happiest than other. But I couldn't, because, no one want happy always without a bit of sadness.
Venus Angelica Perez|I can do nothing without His help. Oh, Lord, what ignorance thinking everything was wealth.
Jettie Necole, Ruby|He rolled his neck, as if to relieve the stress of his shoulders. "Your body is encased in a strong spell. It will not open up to me," he said in frustration. "Who guards you?
Khang Kijarro Nguyen|If you fatally kill fate,your life sentence will beto steer the reins of choice.
Philip Hensher|Never judge a book by its "spine".
Susanna Clarke, Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell|Can a magician kill a man by magic?” Lord Wellington asked Strange.Strange frowned. He seemed to dislike the question. “I suppose a magician might,” he admitted, “but a gentleman never could.
Jessica Fortunato, The Sin Collector: Thomas|His fingers gouged into my leg harder. "My sister was in that cafeteria," he said. "She saw her friends die, thanks to you and that puke boyfriend of yours. She still has nightmares about it. He got what he deserved, but you got a free pass. That ain't right. You should've died that day, Sister Death. Everyone wishes you would have. Look around. Where is Jessica, if she wants you here so bad? Even the friends you came here with don't want to be with you.""Let go of me," I said again, pulling on his fingers. But he only pinched tighter."Your boyfriend isn't the only one who can get his hands on a gun," he said. Slowly he eased himself up to standing again. He reached into the waistband of his jeans and pulled out something small and dark. He pointed it at me, and when the moonlight hit it, I gasped and pressed myself against the barn wall.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Half of a Yellow Sun|Each time he suggested they get married, she said no. They were too happy, precariously so, and she wanted to guard that bond; she feared that marriage would flatten it into a prosaic partnership.
Monica Johnson|The Holy Ghost brings back memories of what God has taught us. And one of the ways God teaches us is with his blessings; and so, if we choose to exercise faith, the Holy Ghost will bring God's kindnesses to our remembrance.
Linda Howard, White Lies|If you are true soul mates, you never meet as strangers, you meet feeling like you’ve known each other forever. You feel at peace, calm, happy—you feel complete.
Mike Ditka|We cannot rest until we make sure that our families can afford to live and raise their kids here, that our seniors can remain in their homes and afford their health and pharmaceutical costs.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The Faithful God called all believers into a sweet fellowship with his Son, Christ Jesus.
Gudjon Bergmann, Experifaith: At the Heart of Every Religion; An Experiential Approach to Individual Spirituality and Improved Interfaith Relations|History has taught us that when understanding and tolerance are fostered, people of different faiths can live together in harmony. Regrettably, history has also taught us the opposite, that such states of equilibrium can quickly degenerate and succumb to rhetoric of anger and fear, sometimes leading to violence and even war. A balance of mutual respect and tolerance needs to be maintained through good works. Interrelations need continual nurturing.
Morgan Freeman|The fact is that one of the earliest lessons I learned in business was that balance sheets and income statements are fiction, cash flow is reality.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|There's nothing like a printed book; the weight, the woody scent, the feel, the look.
Onyi Anyado|When we're interested in something, everything around us appears to refer to it (the mystics call these phenomena 'signs', the sceptics 'coincidence', and psychologists 'concentrated focus', although I've yet to find out what term historians would use).
Vincent Van Gogh|To have God speak to the heart is a majestic experience, an experience that people may miss if they monopolize the conversation and never pause to hear God's responses.
Amit Kalantri|Jewelry maybe is more expensive than clothes, but clothes are more important than jewelry.
Peter Ackroyd, Hawksmoor|Is Dust immortal then, I ask'd him, so that we may see it blowing through the Centuries? But as Walter gave no Answer I jested with him further to break his Melancholy humour: What is Dust, Master Pyne?And he reflected a little: It is particles of Matter, no doubt.Then we are all Dust indeed, are we not?And in a feigned Voice he murmered, For Dust thou art and shalt to Dust return. Then he made a Sour face, but only yo laugh the more.
Bonnie Daly|Somewhere in the distance he could hear a wireless playing Judy Garland's 'Over the Rainbow.' Wolf had seen the film but, had he been the one swept up to the magical land of Oz, he would have raised an army of flying monkeys, stuck the witches in a concentration camp, razed the Emerald City to the ground and executed the wizard for communist sympathies, being a Jew, a homosexual, intellectually retarded, or all of the above.He did like the tune, though.
J.L. McCoy, Sins of the Father|Oh, shut up Hagan. I'm not doing it for you; I'm doing it for me. I don't want your blood getting all over my outfit.
Srinivas Shenoy|Understanding the world is a door to believing what we are, where we are living in and what we expect to come out of our actions.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|We were all born to be peaceful citizens of the world. Take care of your global garden and do not allow evil gardeners to try and convince you which flowers are ugly and which should be destroyed. This is God's universe and he is the master gardener of all. If you see ugliness in his creations, then you see ugliness in our Creator. Wake up. If we eliminate all colors in his garden, then what would be a rainbow with only one color? And what would be a garden with only one kind of flower? Why would the Creator create a vast assortment of plants, ethnicities, and animals, if only one beast or seed is to dominate all of existence?
Meister Eckhart|A day, whether six or seven years ago or whether six thousand years ago, is just as near to the present as yesterday. Why? Because all time is contained in now.
Luca Guadagnino|Obviously, I come from one background, and the people that design fitness equipment have been doing it for years and years, and they know what works and doesn't work.
Jake Danishevsky, AfterTastes and Tales from Russia|Such a little difference in Susie's ways and ideas would make them all so happy; such a little change in Peter's habits would make his wife's life radiant. But they all lived blindly, on, each day a day of emptiness, each of those precious days, so crowded with opportunities, and possibilities, and unheeded blessings, and presently life would be behind them, and their chances gone for ever.
Brennan Manning, The Furious Longing of God|Either to die the death or to abjureFor ever the society of men.Therefore, fair Hermia, question your desires;Know of your youth, examine well your blood,Whether, if you yield not to your father's choice,You can endure the livery of a nun,For aye to be in shady cloister mew'd,To live a barren sister all your life,Chanting faint hymns to the cold fruitless moon.Thrice-blessed they that master so their blood,To undergo such maiden pilgrimage;But earthlier happy is the rose distill'd,Than that which withering on the virgin thornGrows, lives and dies in single blessedness.
Emily  Page, Fractured Memories: Because Demented People Need Love, Too|Life will throw all kinds of obstacles our way. It's our job to scramble over them and hunt for the little miracles tucked away, then leave some reminders for the people that follow behind us.
Susan Sontag, On Photography|In the context of photography , there was a luck.But the luck will come, when the photographer is ready.
J. Courtney Sullivan, Saints for All Occasions|Here's the reality of life,' he said. ' You make decisions with imperfect information and achieve imperfect results. The alternative is to never make a decision and never achieve results.
Alan LeMay, The Searchers|How is that for some people drinking is a short-term loan on the spirit, but for others a heavy mortgage on the soul?
Alexa Von Tobel|Automating some of your finances can be incredibly convenient and is a great way to save time, but automating everything makes it too easy to go on autopilot and forget to pay attention to your personal finances.
Jeanne Calment|I hate newspapermen. They come into camp and pick up their camp rumors and print them as facts. I regard them as spies, which, in truth, they are.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Confessions of a Misfit|Today, the world rewards those with creative and intellectual muscles. So, women and skinny men need to shut up and start thinking.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Whatever you can conceive, you can achieve it.
Ambrose Bierce, The Secret of Macarger's Gulch|What did I fear, and why? — I, to whom the night had beena more familiar facethan that of man —I, in whom that element of hereditary superstition from which none of us is altogether free had given to solitude and darkness and silence only a more alluring interest and charm!
Jacques Pépin, The Apprentice: My Life in the Kitchen|If it's dive-bombing you from the air, bury yourself in the sand. It might lose sight of you. Also, no one likes to eat food covered in sand. No one.
Joyce Rachelle|If you can't give it all you've got, don't bother.
Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park|Maybe I was crazy to consider it, but I’d always hoped that if I were a good enough girl, if I did everything right, if I said the right things or said nothing at all—I thought my parents would change their minds. I thought they would finally listen when I tried to talk. I thought they would give me a chance. I thought they might finally love me. I always had that stupid hope.
Leviak B. Kelly|A sapient cat looking at humanity's salad garden buffet designed by God would not be seen as so much a paradise if the divine is seen as giving this to intelligent cats. It would be seen as quite the opposite. Since cats use plants as emetics and also lack the ability to taste sweet, Eden would be a rather hellish place. It would be a place where God might send a cat to punish the feline. This is because fruits and vegetation to eat would be a place to eat bland foods that cause one to vomit. It would hardly be a beneficial place for cats if this was a place of divine refuge where death did not exist. Again the immortal state would place cats in a rather hellish environment.
Mark Hodder, The Curious Case of the Clockwork Man|The acquisition of knowledge has become too intimidating a prospect for them, so they shun it in favour of faith.
Charles Dickens|When the 30-year-old lawyer died he said to St. Peter  "How can you do this to me? - a heart attack at my age? I'm only 30." Replied St. Peter: "When we looked at your total hours billed we figured you were 95."
Erving Goffman, Asylums: Essays on the Social Situation of Mental Patients and Other Inmates|The real madness probably is not another thing that the wisdom itself that, tired of discovering the shames of the world, has taken the intelligent resolution to become mad
Kelly Moran, Counterbalance|If you’re trying to tell me you’re not used to mattering to someone, I might just bleed out right here on the floor.
Denise Levertov|From the time I began to read, as a child, I loved to feel their heft in my hand and the warm spot caused by their intimate weight in my lap; I loved the crisp whisper of a page turning, the musky odor of old paper and the sharp inky whiff of new pages. Leather bindings sent me into ecstasy. I even loved to gaze at a closed book and daydream about the possibilities inside.
Gudjon Bergmann, More Likely to Quote Star Wars than the Bible: Generation X and Our Frustrating Search for Rational Spirituality|You're insane.' The officer says, shaking his head, 'What about the Bible? What about the Good Word?''Oh, that's all made up, ain't it?' She tells him with a shrug, 'I ain't done most of the stuff that you says I done.
Mason Cooley|If people can't acknowledge the wisdom of indigenous cultures, then that's their loss.
Hope Alcocer, Where Hope Lies|And then there's that person that no matter what, they'll answer your call at 4 am. Your 4am-er. They'll say exactly what you need to hear to bring you back to earth. Your comfort, your voice of reason, your hit upside the head. And he'll always be my 4 am-er.
Ludwig Feuerbach, The Essence of Christianity|How can the feeling man resist feeling, the loving one love? Who has not experienced the overwhelming power of melody? And what else is melody but the power of feeling? Music is the language of feeling; … feeling communicates itself. … Is it man that possesses love, or is it not … love that possesses man? When love impels a man to suffer death even joyfully for the beloved one, is this death-conquering power his own individual power, or is it not rather the power of love?
Jay Mark D. Saga-ad|In the end, all or nothing will matter.
Mohamed Mohamed Adel|And then you got us. Yeah, we stopped the zombie menace, but we're the ones who let it become a menace in the first place. At least we're cleaning up our own mess, and maybe that's the best epitaph to hope for. "Generation Z, they cleaned up their own mess.
R.K. Narayan, The Ramayana: A Shortened Modern Prose Version of the Indian Epic|I came in several times and spoke, but perhaps you were asleep when I thought you were awake.''You are very considerate to explain it this way,' Sugreeva said, 'but I was drunk
Dan Savage|I know inside that there is more to life than this mortal coil. It's a very shallow minded person who thinks that someone is born and dies and that's it. I haven't gone through thirty odd years of suffering, and doing what I do, and looking at other people who are born and die with cancer, with AIDS, with whatever, and think, 'well, what was the point of that?'. There is a point to everything, and we're here to learn, and it's just a learning curve and we'll move on, and this is just a shell. It's just I've got a dodgy shell.
Aitareya Brahmanan in the Rigveda|There is no happiness for him who does not travel, Rohita!Thus we have heard. Living in the society of men, the best man becomes a sinner… therefore, wander!… The fortune of him who is sitting, sits; it rises when he rises; it sleeps when he sleeps; it moves when he moves. Therefore, wander!
Sharon Dempsey, Extreme Parenting: Parenting Your Child with a Chronic Illness|*marissa tries to get her single, working mother's attention by suggesting something outrageous, to which mom replies:*'You're a smart girl. Use your head and avoid any guy who reminds you of your father.
Vladimir Nabokov, Lolita|nostalgia, underlying cosmological explanation forWeak but detectable interaction between two neighboring universes that are otherwise not causally connected.Manifests itself in humans as a feeling of missing a place one has never been, a place very much like one’s home universe, or as a longing for versions of one’s self that one will never, and can never know.
Ikechukwu Joseph|Champions are made and not born. Champion’s feat are acquired and not inherited, earned and not transferred, attained and not deposited
Samuel Snoek-Brown, Hagridden|This is the average age of my Hunters, and all young maidens for whom I am patron, before they go astray.""Go astray?""Grow up. Become smitten with boys. Become silly, preoccupied, insecure.
Anonymous|I have you fast in my fortress,And will not let you depart,But put you down into the dungeonIn the round-tower of my heart.And there will I keep you forever,Yes, forever and a day,Till the walls shall crumble to ruin,And moulder in dust away.
Qalandar Nawaz, What about My Feelings?: "I know she doesn't have any feelings towards me but..."|FriendshipsHe walked the street with his hat on,as he held on tightly to his stick,tall, sensing his way, up the path and steps.There she stood ready for the day,with a smile, and her multi-coloured hair,beside her, her faithful friend,as they walked together.One, Two, Three holding on tight,as they walked together, sharingstories, making sure he was safe.Pushed, guided, not to get lost,as she held on tight to the ball,moving it backwards and forwards.There he sat as they exchanged,ideas, passions and choices,with a smile and a thank you.There they stood as they exchangedthe daily news, the coffee,a handshake, and a good day.There they walked, as they watched,listened, and shared the beauty of nature,picking the flowers, touching the leaves,and smelling the sweetness.Did you find your friend? ...So many, on the way ...Did you stop? Did you listen? Did you share?By Natasha Parker
Mike Dolce|Have I ever said that Turner once actually had himself lashed to the mast of a ship, to be able to later do a painting of a storm? Which has never failed to remind me of the scene in which Odysseus does the identical thing, of course, so that he can listen to the Sirens singing but will stay put.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Without an anchor, we can be drifted to any shore. May you find hope as anchor.
Darrell Calkins|In my work, I try to create situations in which we take ideas, information, experiences and qualities to a pragmatic arena. Then within those, to relearn or experiment with how we respond to internal and external variables. There’s no point to understanding something but remaining incapable of applying it. I think real knowledge and understanding is experiential, and the easiest way to access those is through our physical being.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|The more civilized people are, the more honorable working hard is to them. As a result, the more civilized we get, the less we live.
Richelle Mead, Shadow Kiss|The main courtyard was filled with warriors - mermen with fish tails from the waist down and human bodies from the waist up, except their skin was blue, which I'd never known before.Some were tending the wounded. Some were sharpening spears and swords. One passed us, swimming in a hurry. His eyes were bright green, like that stuff they put in glo-sticks, and his teeth were shark teeth. They don't show you stuff like that in "The Little Mermaid.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|In ballet, any dancer who asks himself what step comes next must freeze. Any man who takes a sex manual to bed with him invites frigidity. Dancing, sex, writing a novel--all are a living process, quick thought, emotion making yet more quick thought, and so on, cycling round.
Ayaan Hirsi Ali, The Caged Virgin: An Emancipation Proclamation for Women and Islam|In a well-functioning democracy, the state constitution is considered more important than God's holy book, whichever holy book that may be, and God matters only in your private life.
Amy Leigh Mercree, The Spiritual Girl's Guide to Dating: Your Enlightened Path to Love, Sex, & Soul Mates|I receive the blessing of past dates, the lessons and the joy, and let the rest go now for all time.
Jayne Anne Phillips, Lark & Termite|Smoke veils the air like souls in drifting suspension, declining the war's insistence everyone move on.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Joy is a practice, not an involuntary state.
Michael Bassey Johnson, Comfort|Take off your damned wrapper! The old buffer ordered, looking intensely at her lower part. Comfort was on her knees, rubbing the old man's dirty feet. All her plea and tears continually worsen the whole matter. I want to do you harder cos you gonna be fucked by other folks who needs a large hole, said the man, moving towards her. Comfort struggled with all her feminine might, but the old masculine but old man ripped her wrapper and slapped her on the face. Lie here, Lie here! I'm gonna do what your old man did to your mama and its gonna sweet you. She screamed as the man's organ prick her glory hole like a sharp needle.
Jack Kerouac, On the Road|Hell man, I know very well you didn't come to me only to want to become a writer, and after all what do I really know about it except that you've got to stick to it with the energy of a benny addict.
Henry Adams, The Education of Henry Adams|He supposed that, except musicians, every one thought Beethoven a bore, as every one except mathematicians thought mathematics a bore.
Mensah Oteh|To have extreme, laser-like focus, you must be willing to reject a lot of opportunities, even if they sound great.
Joseph Stalin, Dialectical and Historical Materialism|If there are no isolated phenomena in the world, if all phenomena are interconnected and interdependent, then it is clear that every social system and every social movement in history must be evaluated not from the standpoint of "eternal justice" or some other preconceived idea, as is not infrequently done by historians, but from the standpoint of the conditions which gave rise to that system or that social movement and with which they are connected.
Anasazi Foundation, The Seven Paths: Changing One's Way of Walking in the World|No man is as wise as Mother Earth. She has witnessed every human day, every human struggle, every human pain, and every human joy. For maladies of both body and spirit, the wise ones of old pointed man to the hills. For man too is of the dust and Mother Earth stands ready to nurture and heal her children.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|Things we lose have a way of coming back to us in the end, if not always in the way we expect.
Wayne Gerard Trotman|Racism, hate, and bigotry are EVIL and WICKED no matter how you try to rationalize it. I couldn’t imagine living my life with this crap in my heart. I love building new relationships and I enjoy learning about different cultures! If people would change their thinking and open up their hearts, they’d be amazed at the beautiful relationships that they could have. And, for the record, I couldn’t imagine ALL of my friends being black. There are too many amazing people from different backgrounds that I still have yet to meet. NO WAY would I limit my relationships based on race, absolutely not! I am free to like and love who I want to and I won’t allow anybody to persuade me with their opinions. I have my own mind! I’m my own person! I refuse to dislike and/or hate another race ‘just because!’ I am Stephanie Lahart: BOLD. BRAVE. STRONG.
Susan Block, The Bonobo Way|I squinted through the big window, a portal to another world, trying to get a better view of the primal love scene before us. All I could see was a mass of wriggling fur and finger-like toes until my eyes focused in on one male and two females kissing, ear-tonguing and giving each other enthusiastic oral sex, punctuated with occasional somersaults, smacks and nibbles on fruit and leaves. Sometimes they interacted as a threesome. Other times, two would cavort together, while the third played with herself, alternating between fingering and using a red rubber ball as a kind of sex toy, rubbing and bouncing it vigorously against her large pink vulva.
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|I don’t want to talk.” Dan’s neck muscles tensed resisting Vadim’s hand.He didn’t know the words and he didn’t want to search for them. “I just want to feel.” But no, that wasn’t it. “I want to feel human.
Vishwas Chavan, Vishwasutras: Universal Principles for Living: Inspired by Real-Life Experiences|You can have anything you want in life, you must be willing to conquer the challenge.
Lindsey Rietzsch, Successful Failures: Recognizing the Divine Role That Opposition Plays in Life's Quest for Success|The Lord knows all - His timing and reasoning is perfect. If we really trust Him, then we no longer see our failures as a bad thing. We will see them as an answer to our prayers even if we don't understand how in the moment.
David T.W. McCord|Books fall open, you fall in
IqraI qbal|Jewelry of the clouds on the horizon; Seven circles are intertwined. A voice follows you without words; Soft footsteps, in the water of transience.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|A child is a curly, dimpled lunatic.
Miranda Lambert|All businesses and jobs depend on a vast number of people, often unnoticed and unthanked, without which nothing really gets done. They are all human and deserve respect and gratitude.
Lemony Snicket|There are two kinds of fears: rational and irrational- or in simpler terms, fears that make sense and fears that don't.
David W. Earle|When someone obtains peace and serenity, this shines a bright spotlight on others’ own unhappiness making their discomfort even more apparent.
Thomas Sowell, Basic Economics: A Citizen's Guide to the Economy|It rests on the attempt since the 1970s to translate a pathological degeneration of the principle of laissez-faire into economic reality by the systematic retreat of states from any regulation or control of the activities of profit-making enterprise. This attempt to hand over human society to the (allegedly) self-controlling and wealth- or even welfare-maximising market, populated (allegedly) by actors in rational pursuit of their interests, had no precedent in any earlier phase of capitalist development in any developed economy, not even the USA. It was a reductio ad absurdum of what its ideologists read into Adam Smith, as the correspondingly extremist 100% state-planned command economy of the USSR was of what the Bolsheviks read into Marx.
Cameron Dokey, Kissed:  Once Upon A Time Omnibus Belle/Sunlight and Shadow/Winter's Child|But fear is no fit means to measure anyone, for fools have no fear, or so I've heard it said.
Anne Wojcicki|China is a great manufacturing center, but it's actually mostly an assembly plant. So it assembles parts and components, high technology that comes from the surrounding industrial - more advanced industrial centers - Japan, Taiwan, South Korea, Singapore, the United States, Europe - and it basically assembles them.
Demetra George, Asteroid Goddesses: The Mythology, Psychology and Astrology of the Re-Emerging Feminine|As women are altering their traditional role expressions, men are developing new responses to the transformed women. Old patterns are no longer acceptable, and new sets of expectations and roles are now required of them.
Neil Young|I quit high school on my birthday. It was my senior year and I didn't see the point. This was 1962, and I was ready to make music.
Livy, The Early History of Rome:|The humanoids told Don that if he went home with a whore, she would cook him a meal of petroleum and coal products at fancy prices. And then, while he ate them, she would talk dirty about how fresh and full of natural juices the food was, even though the food was fake.
Brian Edward Arsenault|Human existence is partnered with spiritual laws; it’s the foundation of the human experienceWe all ultimately want a pain free existence, unfortunately circumstances of unrest bring to light the spiritual laws designed to play themselves out in the everyday experiences of the human race.
William Shakespeare|Rats and roaches live by competition under the law of supply and demand; it is the privilege of human beings to live under the laws of justice and mercy. It is impossible not to notice how little the proponents of the ideal of competition have to say about honesty, which is the fundamental economic virtue, and how very little they have to say about community, compassion, and mutual help.
James Madison, A Memorial and Remonstrance, on the Religious Rights of Man: Written in 1784-85|Bhutan does seem a bit unreal at times. Hardly anybody in the U.S. knows where it is. I have friends who still think the entire country is a figment of my imagination. When I was getting ready to move there, and I told people I was going to work in Bhutan, they'd inevitably ask, "Where's Butane?"It is near Africa," I'd answer, to throw them off the trail. "It's where all the disposable lighters come from."They'd nod in understanding.
Elliot Perlman|Memory is a wilful dog. It won't be summoned or dismissed but it cannot survive without you. It can sustain you or feed on you. It visits when it is hungry, not when you are. It has a schedule all of its own that you can never know. It can capture, corner you or liberate you. It can leave you howling and it can make you smile.
Joseph Pulitzer|America is a nation of illusions; illusions in the media, schools and government — an iron curtain of propaganda.
Christopher Babson, Breakout Presentations: Wow! People in Business and Life|Your life today is, for the most part, a manifestation of the stories you told yourself in the past.
Oscar Wilde|Friendship...is not something you learn in school,but if you haven't learned the meaning of friendship you really haven't learned anything.
Eugene O'Neill, The Great God Brown and Other Plays|Why am I afraid to live, I who love life and the beauty of flesh and the living colors of earth and sky and sea? Why am I afraid of love, I who love love?.. Why was I born without a skin, O God, that I must wear armor in order to touch or to be touched?
Jane Seymour|When all else fails, trust God.
Rita Rudner|The child often sees only what he already knows. He projects the whole of his verbal thought into things. He sees mountains as built by men, rivers as dug out with spades, the sun and moon as following us on our walks.
Colum McCann|I'm not angry, I'm not an angry person, but I do sometimes like playing with the perception of anger, as in pretending that I'm more angry than I actually am, and sometimes it works quite well.
Emily Colin, The Memory Thief|Stepping back, he went to his bedside table. He returned carrying something. Opening his palm, he revealed the heart-shaped pendant he'd given her so many months ago."I've kept this," he explained. "You might say it's become a talisman of sorts. I... I carry it everywhere. But I'm going to give it to you again, if you'll take it. Whether you decide ever to wear it or not is up to you.""Jack," she murmured, as she let him press the jewelry into her hand.
H.G. Wells|This is a present from a small, distant world, a token of our sounds, our science, our images, our music, our thoughts and our feelings. We are attempting to survive our time so we may live into yours.
Stendhal, The Red and the Black|Love born in the brain is more spirited, doubtless, than true love, but it has only flashes of enthusiasm; it knows itself too well, it criticizes itself incessantly; so far from banishing thought, it is itself reared only upon a structure of thought.
Martha Gellhorn|The only way I can pay back for what fate and society have handed me is to try, in minor totally useless ways, to make an angry sound against injustice.
Erica Goros, The Daisy Chain|Unfortunately we treat others as we treat ourselves. We should try being genuinely kind to ourselves and the rest will come naturally, like a Platinum Rule.
Shaikh Ashraf, Friendship, Love & Sacrifice|We are born, we get names, we get educated, we get values, we get job and money. But all this is not life, life is love found in friendship, friendship found in love and in love, sacrifice.” Vijay
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|[Christ’s] goodness is still a rebuke to our badness; His purity still shows up our impurities; His sinlessness still reveals our sinfulness; and unless we allow [Jesus] to destroy the evil within us, the evil within us still wants to destroy Him. This is the conflict of the ages.
Aristotle|A tyrant must put on the appearance of uncommon devotion to religion. Subjects are less apprehensive of illegal treatment from a ruler whom they consider god-fearing and pious. On the other hand, they do less easily move against him, believing that he has the gods on his side.
Joan Didion|I was thinking as small children think, as if my thoughts or wishes had the power to reverse the narrative, change the outcome.
Vanessa Ngoma|Women with dark skin are sharing selfies on social media after decades of being underrepresented in the mainstream media. From what I have observed much of the dark skin adoration on social media appears to come from us - black women. We tend to use the appreciation hashtags with our own pictures of photographs of dark skin women whom we feel are stunning. While I am loving this fierceness.. There is just one sidetone to this revolution: I feel as if we are much more appreciated if we show more skin. The timelines are filled with absolutely beautiful dark-skinned women but most sadly most of the time they are all oiled up and showing their body parts in different angles.Now, I am definitely in to art and as a model I know that this comes with the territory. But we most not forget that we are Queens.. We need to stop degrading ourselves for likes on the gram. You don't have to be naked to show the world you're beautiful.You my sister are an African Queen.I feel as if black women are only appreciated if they wear very provocative clothes or if they do naked photoshoots. To me, it's degrading and reminds me of the time that we couldn't ride the bus because we were black. Women were seen as servants. The black women that weren't servants were sex slaves.We are not objects, we are not meat and people need to stop looking at us as sex objects. BUT we need to start respecting ourselves first! A black woman is a woman first and it should not even be necessary to specify the colour but this is the society we live in and I feel like I had to share this.
Charles Dickens|Remember!--It is Christianity to do good always--even to those who do evil to us. It is Christianity to love our neighbours as ourself, and to do to all men as we would have them do to us. It is Christianity to be gentle, merciful and forgiving, and to keep those qualities quiet in our own hearts, and never make a boast of them or of our prayers or of our love of God, but always to show that we love Him by humbly trying to do right in everything. If we do this, and remember the life and lessons of Our Lord Jesus Christ, and try to act up to them, we may confidently hope that God will forgive us our sins and mistakes, and enable us to live and die in peace.
David O. McKay|The purpose of the gospel is to make bad men good and good men better, and to change human nature.
Nick Cave|Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you do, you'll be successful.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|[God] has in mind a picture of what He intends to create. He breaks, cracks, chisels, and polishes until one day there emerges His vision . . . God has not yet finished with us.
Sebastian Faulks, Engleby|All reality about me now appeared to be in tatters, taken down and reduced to the civil war of its particles. I held on very, very tight indeed.
Brad Meltzer, The Inner Circle|We make a great bad guy, and they all say they hate us. But at the end of every day, people want to trust us. Because we're their government. And people trust their government.
Gerard Olson|However, just like any line of work, writing is a negotiation, and creative control is as elusive as financial stability. I discovered that writing could be like cleaning carpets or working in a factory: just a meaningless production of words.
Cherise Sinclair, Make Me, Sir|You want to count, Gabrielle? One! She sucked in a breath, mad enough the words slid right out. You asshole, one!
Kazuo Ishiguro|I think genre rules should be porous, if not nonexistent.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|Options abound in our world. You can choose where to stay and how to stay there. Where you are Today is as a result of the option you took yesterday and no doubt where you will be Tomorrow is embedded in your option Today. Choose right; choose wisely, Take THE BEST OPTION. The Best Option will deliver your inheritance to you. It will change your state and deliver to you, your brand new estate. You do not blame anyone for failing to do it right the first time. You accept the blame. The Best Option will cause you to get it right the first time and always.
Patricia E. West, Conscience: Your Ultimate Personal Survival Guide|It is fine to be committed to work, but our minds need time to recover and our bodies need to move.
Jan Struther, Mrs. Miniver|[M]rs. Miniver was beginning to feel more than a little weary of exchanging ideas (especially political ones) and of hearing other people exchange theirs. It's all very well, she reflected, when the ideas have had time to flower, or at least to bud, so that we can pick them judiciously, present them with a bow, and watch them unfold in the warmth of each other's understanding: but there is far too much nowadays of pulling up the wretched little things just to see how they are growing. Half the verbal sprigs we hand each other are nothing but up-ended rootlets, earthy and immature: left longer in the ground they might have come to something, but once they are exposed we seldom manage to replant them. It is largely the fault, no doubt, of the times we live in. Things happen too quickly, crisis follows crisis, the soil of our minds is perpetually disturbed. Each of us, to relieve his feels, broadcasts his own running commentary on the preposterous and bewildering events of the hour: and this, nowadays, is what passes for conversation.
Derek Landy, Playing with Fire|We're not retreating, we're advancing in reverse.' --Skulduggery Pleasant
Shannon L. Alder|There isn't a need to sugar coat life anymore, Cant we see we live through enough lies, deciet and painful realities to create more, by stagnating the growth of the ones your suppose to make an Impact on and more importantly yourself. Let life be funny, but never a joke.
litymunshi|my dearshow me i am with you . other way show me you are with me . not seeing any place at your life , feels i am like a cold wind ,invisible can't see anyway . this ishard to feelconversation with my life-----------------------------litymunshi
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Our chaotic, confused world has no greater need than to hear the Gospel truth.
Josh Henderson|What is interesting, as well, is how much power homicide detectives have and how much respect. They are kind of rock stars, especially in New York. There are not that many of them.
Kim Harrison, A Perfect Blood|Emojin stopped, turned, and nailed him with her glare. “Because she’s making this one piece all she’ll ever need to show the world who she is instead of coloring her body with random images and needing thirty expressions to show her soul.
Igor Eliseev, One-Two|Probably, sooner or later every person founds oneself to be needless.
Shunryu Suzuki, Zen Mind, Beginner's Mind: Informal Talks on Zen Meditation and Practice|To have some deep feeling about Buddhism is not the point; we just do what we should do, like eating supper and going to bed. This is Buddhism.
Friedrich Schiller|Nothing is so beautiful as spring - when weeds, in wheels, shoot long and lovely and lush; Thrush's eggs look little low heavens, and thrush through the echoing timber does so rinse and wring the ear, it strikes like lightning to hear him sing.
Steven Rowley|Every year thousands of dogs are abandoned to shelters because of behavior problems. And these are things that can be corrected with just basic training. Dogs are being killed because of lack of training, and that's what the Canine Good Citizen program is all about. (Mary Burch, AKC)
Raymond E. Feist|At 13, when I was a runaway, I was taken in by the most amazing drag queens in Portland, Ore. We didn't always know where our next meal was coming from, but there was so much camaraderie and love. Not to mention, those girls could paint a face, and I learned how because of them.
Octavia E. Butler, Kindred|Everything is so soft here,' he said, 'so easy...' 'I know
James Howard Kunstler|I had a friend who was a plastic surgeon, so he would do little things. I never had, like, a full thing. So I would go in maybe once every two or three years, and he'd do a little here, a little there; tweak you, like you tweak your car. Then I became the plastic surgery poster girl.
Lily Tomlin|Looking back, I am thankful that I didn't go into the film industry.
Joseph Maviglia, Critics Who Know Jack: Urban Myths, Media and Rock & Roll|During the first millennium BCE, even the beer-loving Mesopotamians turned their backs on beer, which was dethroned as the most cultured and civilized of drinks, and the age of wine began.
Jim Highsmith, Agile Project Management: Creating Innovative Products|Agile Project Management -like its lean development counterparts- streamlines the development process, concentrating on value-adding activities and eliminating overhead and compliance activities.
Taylor Jenkins Reid, Forever, Interrupted|What's the rush, honey? We have all the time in the world.
Thomas F. Torrance, Trinitarian Faith: The Evangelical Theology of the Ancient Catholic Faith|Somewhere along the line, "Church" became a weekly event rather than a gathering of people who did life together.
Cora Carmack, Faking It|Pain changes us. Mine made me want to be perfect, so that no one would ever want to leave me again.
William Shakespeare, The Complete Works|Every one is worthy of love, except him who thinks that he is. Love is asacrament that should be taken kneeling.
Brian D. McLaren|There is tremendous relief in knowing His love to me is utterly realistic, based at every point on prior knowledge of the worst about me , so that no discovery can disillusion him about me , in the way I am so often disillusioned about myself, and quench his determination to bless me.
Dejan Stojanovic, Circling: 1978-1987|There are no clear borders, Only merging invisible to the sight.
David A. Clarke, Jr.|As I said, men value their independence in a weird way, above practically everything.
Gary Owens|Christmas is a holiday that persecutes the lonely, the frayed, and the rejected.
James Patterson, Angel|In a manner of speaking. As we intend for you to found a dynasty. And that dynasty will rule society until it has progressed enough to-""Overthrow the dynasty in a revolutionary, blood filled coup!" Iggy said eagerly.We all looked at him."Just saying." He sheepishly took a bite of cookie.
Emma Watson|I work really hard at trying to see the big picture and not getting stuck in ego. I believe we're all put on this planet for a purpose, and we all have a different purpose... When you connect with that love and that compassion, that's when everything unfolds.
Tom Hiddleston|I gave myself permission to care, because there are a lot of people in this world who are afraid of caring, who are afraid of showing they care because it’s uncool. It’s uncool to have passion. It’s so much easier to lose when you’ve shown everyone how much you don’t care if you win or lose. It’s much harder to lose when you show that you care, but you’ll never win unless you also stand to lose. I’ve said it before. Don’t be afraid of your passion, give it free reign, and be honest and work hard and it will all turn out just fine.
Luke Sky Wachter, Admiral's Gambit|Family, can’t live with them, can’t orbitally bombard them back to the foul, oozing proto-plasma they crawled out of, I thought grimly.
Robert Louis Stevenson|Death, like a host, comes smiling to the door;Smiling, he greets us, on that tranquil shoreWhere neither piping bird nor peeping dawnDisturbs the eternal sleep,But in the stillness far withdrawnOur dreamless rest for evermore we keep.
Ana Claudia Antunes, The Tao of Physical and Spiritual|The first time I saw a mermaid in my dream, and she looked so real...THAT.'s fishy!!
J.B. McGee, Skipping Stones|His lips brush my ear as his voice causes my body to come to attention. “If the night never ends, then there’s never a new day … and with a new day comes renewed hope, light.
Sherif A. El-Mawardy|What is courage without risk... It wouldn’t really be courage, would it?
Tom Robbins, Another Roadside Attraction|Experiment and reason, tempered by intuition, were to him preferable to solid plodding in the well-trodden paths of experience.
Trevor Baxendale, Something in the Water|I hate the thought of someone never being missed,' said Ianto sadly. 'It's the ultimate humiliation, surely. So unimportant in life that no one even notices when you die.
Felix Wantang, God's Blueprint of the Holy Bible|I am perfectly sane. But then again, 94% of psychotics think they are perfectly sane. So we have to ask ourselves, what is sane?
John William Tuohy, No Time to Say Goodbye: A Memoir of a Life in Foster Care|The power of the unknown fact hit me like a bolt of lightning, that maybe, my father did care about me after all, and I realized another true thing that day: the love of a father is invaluable; regardless of how old you become, or how many bridges you cross in life
Jefferson Bethke, Jesus > Religion: Why He Is So Much Better Than Trying Harder, Doing More, and Being Good Enough|If you have a thankful heart and are using that domain to reflect God's beauty as a Creator, then you are worshiping. Listening to Hillsound United isn't worship; it's and aid for worship. I found a deeper level of joy and connection with Jesus when I realized that eating a good meal with thankfulness was just as holy as my prayer time. The truth is, Go doesn't just want your "Christian" things. He wats it all. When we realize the beauty of God's grace in the mundane, not just the religious, that's when we will begin to see him correctly.
Kresley Cole, Poison Princess|Jackson asked, "Where'd the water come from in your house?""A pipe." Then he explained to Jackson, "Water travels in pipes.
Stephen M. Irwin, The Dead Path|And the kids?""Quincy, nothing. All she wants to do is look for Saturn's rings and bring home every creature from the pound. Nelson, though, he's..." She looked at Nicholas. "He's like you. Gifted, but ignorant."Nicholas bristled, "I'm not ignorant.""You are about magic.""That's because I don't believe in magic.""Nicholas," She stopped, hands on hips, waiting until he turned around. "You're haunted. You see the dead. How can you not believe in magic?
Eric Topol|On bad days, I think I'd like to be a plastic surgeon who goes to Third World countries and operates on children in villages with airlifts, and then I think, 'Yeah, right, I'm going to go back to undergraduate school and take all the biology I missed and then go to medical school.' No. No.
Pink|When you were growing up, your mom and dad told you to look both ways before crossing the street or not to get into a car with a stranger. It's the same with the Internet. We have a big responsibility and a huge role in bringing all the stakeholders to the table - users, parents, educators, law enforcement, government organisations.
Richard Llewellyn, How Green Was My Valley|Sing, then. Sing, indeed, with shoulders back, and head up so that song might go to the roof and beyond to the sky. Mass on mass of tone, with a hard edge, and rich with quality, every single note a carpet of colour woven from basso profundo, and basso, and baritone, and alto, and tenor, and soprano, and also mezzo, and contralto, singing and singing, until life and all things living are become a song.O, Voice of Man, organ of most lovely might.
Jay McInerney, Bright Lights, Big City|The changeless is what knows the change, the changeless is unconditioned
David Horowitz|However, please allow me to say that the fundamental style of my writing has been to start from my personal matters and then to link it up with society, the state and the world.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|In life, every ending is just the start of another story.
Graham Flegg, Numbers: Their History and Meaning|The Pythagoreans... were fascinated by certain specific ratios, ...The Greeks knew these as the 'golden' proportion and the 'perfect' proportion respectively. They may well have been learned from the Babylonians by Pythagoras himself after having been taken prisoner in Egypt. Ratios lay at the heart of the Pythagorean theory of music.
Alasdair Gray, Poor Things|Baxter knows a lot more than I do, I told her.Yes, said Baxter, but I will never tell people all of it.
Henry Thomas De la Beche|In the decades following the Revolution, America changed so much and so rapidly that Americans not only became used to change, but came to expected and prize it.
Albio Sires|If I were again beginning my studies, I would follow the advice of Plato and start with mathematics.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Religion, Philosophy and life|The zeal of kids is to explore! Until you know how to sustain the real interest of your child, the real interest of your child shall be sustained by something else!
Gary Thomas, A Lifelong Love: Devotional|If we accept that the love of praise is a sin, that the lust to be known and appreciated by others is not just a fool's errand...but perhaps evidence of a heart focused on the wrong things, our marriages will be transformed.
Muditha Champika, Theories of Nature and the Universe: Comparison of Pure Buddhist Philosophy and Science|Science is great for us. But for someone who sees the humans for more than one million years, science is just a one instant like a baby trying to talk.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Take the broken pieces of your life, bake a master cake out of it. Don't stand still like a lake; keep flowing like a stream!
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|She doesn't trust easily, but when she does it's always with the devil himself.
Thomas Gray, An Elegy Written In A Country Churchyard|It is interesting to ponder the fact that there is no real difference between what the Western Fascists wanted of literature and what the Bolsheviks want. Let me quote: "The personality of the artist should develop freely and without restraint. One thing, however, we demand: acknowledgement of our creed.” Thus spoke one of the big Nazis, Dr. Rosenberg, Minister of Culture in Hitler's Germany. Another quote: “Every artist has the right to create freely; but we, Communists, must guide him according to plan.” Thus spoke Lenin. Both of these are textual quotations, and their similitude would have been highly diverting had not the whole thing been so very sad.
Lewis Thomas, Lives of a Cell, The|The capacity to blunder slightly is the real marvel of DNA. Without this special attribute, we would still be anaerobic bacteria and there would be no music.
Auliq Ice|Struggles not only make us into stronger, better and wiser people, they also let us learn more about ourselves and our purpose in life.
Paul Auster, Sunset Park|[T]he only luxury he allows himself is buying books, paperback books, mostly novels, American novels, British novels, foreign novels in translation, but in the end books are not luxuries so much as necessities, and reading is an addiction he has no wish to be cured of.
Michael Bassey Johnson|When things are like hunky dory, every enemy comes in the name of friend, but when things are twisted like turmoil, every friendly enemy shows you their colour.
Rossana Condoleo|Life is what we make it to be; can be other people’s life or it can be our special one. The difference is that the first we sit and watch and basically we know the ending but the second is defined by us and require lots of work and effort to define the way we want to live by. It is a journey with no end in sight, no distance measured behind, just going. It is a faith similar to the faith to your God but this one is just faith in yourself and your capability to define a path with a vision of the future that you really can not see but rather feel and sense.
Maggie Stiefvater, Shiver|The problem with promises is that you've made one, it's bound to be broken.
Janet Fitch, White Oleander|Who am I? I am who I say I am and tomorrow someone else entirely. You are too nostalgic, you want memory to secure you, console you. The past is a bore. What matters is only oneself and what one creates from what one has learned. Imagination uses what it needs and discards the rest— where you want to erect a museum. Don't hoard the past, Astrid. Don't cherish anything. Burn it. The artist is the phoenix who burns to emerge.
Megan Frazer Blakemore, The Friendship Riddle|You know, rust is just oxidation. The same chemical process as fire. Oxygen interacts with steel, electrons drift from one element to the other. So really, rust is a slow fire. Isn't that weird? Water causes something to burn.
Catie Marron, City Squares: Eighteen Writers on the Spirit and Significance of Squares Around the World|spaces that at first may appear to reflect a simple condition are much more complex when the actions of individuals and groups are factored in. These unique patterns of movement through space can and should guide the architecture we build to serve them. For space only becomes truly public when people recognize it and utilize it as such. Great public space cannot be built as much as curated; it is architecture's responsibility to craft space in response to specific needs and unique practices. . . . it is not the space itself that is meaningful; it is the way space facilitates diversity, interaction, and new negotiations that makes it meaningful [David Adjaye, "Djemaa El-Fnaa, Marrakech: Engaging with Complexity and Diversity"].
Leo Buscaglia|'Hard Hit,' a YA collection of poems, explores the country of grief and survival. Mark, a 16-year-old boy and skilled pitcher, must confront the coming death of his beloved father with the help of his friends, family, baseball, and an idiosyncratic belief in God. I used my own experience of my parents' deaths to inform this journey.
Kiersten White, And I Darken|But there are many ways to be powerful. There is power in stillness. There is power in watching, waiting, saying the right thing at the right time to the right person. There is power in being a woman---oh yes, power in these bodies you gaze upon with derision.
Kevin Abdulrahman, The Book on What Ever You're Into: These Are the 52 Timeless Winning Truths You Need to Know to Have a Chance at Winning|No matter what the day brings and no matter how hard life hits you, if you can breathe, smile and keep moving on! Once you have life, know that God is alive!
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|What does a solid, comfortable, impressive handshake look and feel like? To deliver a great handshake . . . •	Extend your right hand out vertically at a comfortable waist level toward the person you are meeting.•	Connect hands with web to web contact made between the thumb and index finger. •	Be intentional and appropriate by showing mutual respect and teamwork.•	Gently squeeze firmly enough to be confident, yet lightly enough to be gracious. Shake a few times for good measure.•	Discreetly rotate your wrist so that your hand is slightly on top of theirs when you want to subconsciously convey self-assurance.•	Make eye contact and smile to show sincerity. Throw in an acknowledging head nod for good measure. Avoiding eye contact may be interpreted that you are not attentive or have something to hide.•	Introduce yourself and when they share their name, repeat it back to them to help you remember it. “It is nice to meet you John.”•	When in doubt, mirror their handshake to adapt to what makes them feel comfortable. Customize accordingly to the gender, age, position, personality, and culture of the person you are meeting.
Tarryn Fisher, F*ck Love|Le Tub is a Miami oceanside restaurant that uses old bath tubs and toilets as decoration. If you're really lucky, you get a table by the water where you can see the manatees as they swim by. Someone once told me that it was one of Oprah's favorite restaurants, but seriously, Oprah has a lot of favorite things--it all sounds like lies at this point.
Al Sharpton|Voting is how we participate in a civic society - be it for president, be it for a municipal election. It's the way we teach our children - in school elections - how to be citizens, and the importance of their voice.
Alejandro Amenábar|She merely wiped the floor with paper towels and said nothing, brushing her free hand against my shoulder blade—my shoulder blade!—as she carried the soaked paper to the trash can, never holding me fast, refraining not out of lack of humanity but out of fear of being drawn into a request for further tenderness, a request that could only bring her face-to-face with some central revulsion, a revulsion of her husband or herself or both, a revulsion that had come from nowhere, or from her, or perhaps from something I’d done or failed to do, who knew, she didn’t want to know, it was too great a disappointment, far better to get on with the chores, with the baby, with the work, far better to leave me to my own devices, as they say, to leave me to resign myself to certain motifs, to leave me to disappear guiltily into a hole of my own digging. When the time came to stop her from leaving, I did not know what to think or wish for, her husband who was now an abandoner, a hole-dweller, a leaver who had left her to fend for herself, as she said, who’d failed to provide her with the support and intimacy she needed, she complained, who was lacking some fundamental wherewithal, who no longer wanted her, who beneath his scrupulous marital motions was angry, whose sentiments had decayed into a mere sense of responsibility, a husband who, when she shouted, “I don’t need to be provided for! I’m a lawyer! I make two hundred and fifty thousand dollars a year! I need to be loved!” had silently picked up the baby and smelled the baby’s sweet hair, and had taken the baby for a crawl in the hotel corridor, and afterward washed the baby’s filthy hands and soft filthy knees, and thought about what his wife had said, and saw the truth in her words and an opening, and decided to make another attempt at kindness, and at nine o’clock, with the baby finally drowsy in his cot, came with a full heart back to his wife to find her asleep, as usual, and beyond waking.In short, I fought off the impulse to tell Rachel to go fuck herself.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Mind's ultimate objective is to dominate, be careful where and how you use it!
Don Richard Riso|[T]he Enneagram is, at its most abstract, a universal mandala of the self—a symbol of each of us.
John Apostle|For God so loved the world that he gave his only Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish but have eternal life. -John, Apostle (and brother?) of Jesus, The Bible (RSV, non-Catholic), 3:16
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|Going round and around inside a dryer can be fatal, whereas pasta is rarely fatal. Unless Isabelle makes it.
Mark Batterson, Draw the Circle: The 40 Day Prayer Challenge|Prayer adds an element of surprise to your life that is more fun than a surprise party or surprise gift or surprise romance. In fact, prayer turns life into a party, into a gift, into a romance.
James     Baldwin|If our mission is grand & our vision is glorious, we need great values that match our ambition or else, we toil in vain...
Kevin Abdulrahman, The Book on What Ever You're Into: These Are the 52 Timeless Winning Truths You Need to Know to Have a Chance at Winning|See it in yourself, and the world will follow suit. Believe in you.
Rosie Thomas, Iris & Ruby|I never saw "being different" in and of itself as the point to "being Goth" -- dressing different from most others, maybe, but the point to me was to get together with people who liked the same music and clothes, or at least very similar music and clothes, and go to clubs, go to movies, go to coffee-houses and hold poetry readings and, in general, just have some good harmless fun. Did I look like a dork? Sure, but so did everybody else in the club. We weren't "being different", at least not all of us, we just were different and the point was to stop bitching about being different and just have fun.
Margaret J. Wheatley, A Simpler Way|We are, always, poets, exploring possibilities of meaning in a world which is also all the time exploring possibilities.
Orson Scott Card|Oh no, real life is escape. The great terrors, the horrors--we hope--of your life come from reading fiction.
Andrew Sullivan|Unlike a variety of other relationships,friendship requires an acknowledgement by both parties that they are involved or it fails to exist.
Chris Cleave, Little Bee|I do care. That's why I hunt them. But if you've seen what I have, then you learn to deal with the murders and disappearances. You learn to push it aside and move on. The other life isn't here anymore. This new world has its own rules. Survival of the fittest is one of them. If you're hoping for kindness and pity, don't hold your breath.
Alexander Pope|The character of human life  like the character of the human condition  like the character of all life  is "ambiguity": the inseparable mixture of good and evil  the true and false  the creative and destructive forces - both individual and social.
Anonymous|...After hardship, God will bring ease.
Ashly Lorenzana|What is the point of our lives? There isn't any. I can't seem to decide how much horror and how much joy lies within that simple truth, but I know it is both of those things at once.
Winston S. Churchill|Books, in all their variety, offer the human intellect the means whereby civilization may be carried triumphantly forward.
Laura Gentile, Seraphic Addiction|Dancers churned around them like storm tossed flowers, their heads held to either side as they whirled with abandonment.“Look at them,” he whispered, his voice in her ear. “Have you ever seen anything like it? They have everything, don’t they? Everything except a single care to dwell on.
Jason E. Hodges, When The Cedars Shade Your Grave|Humans have the ability to rewrite history. Within a few decades it is not even questioned. Stories of the past become as real as the world you walk through today. Wars are waged over false history. Sins are denied. All for mankind to move forward and feel comfortable about its past. Your true history is written in the stars. Look up, breathe in, and be humbled by the ones who came before you. The ones who have suffered, who have endured, who have overcome. Their blood is alive in you. Their spirits roam freely in the heavens above.
Jo Brand|The helicopter is a fine way to travel, but it induces a view of the world that only God and CEOs share on a regular basis.
Jon Stewart|We must, together as a nation, stop watching Fox.
Lord Robin|We have only minimal control over the rewards for our work and effort - other people’s validation, recognition, rewards. It’s far better when doing the work itself is sufficient. When fulfilling our own internal standards is what fills us with pride and self-respect. The less attached we are to the outcomes, the better. Our ego wants recognition & compensation. We have expectations. Let the effort, not the results be enough. Maybe your parents/kids/partner/etc won’t be impressed. We can’t let THAT be what motivates us. We can change the definition of success to: ‘peace of mind, which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you made the effort to do your best to become the best that you are capable of becoming.’ With this definition we decide not to let externals determine if something is worth doing. It’s on us.
Kay Kenyon, City Without End|an unknown and forgotten treasure of the earliest Christians, a manual for living used by the generation of Jesus followers immediately after the apostles.
Gustave Courbet|As the power of Christianity declined through the centuries that have followed the Reformation, Calvinism played a less and less important part, while the new philosophies of mechanism and rationalism correspondingly increased.
Steven Ramirez, Tell Me When I'm Dead|Sal turned, an eye stalk hanging from his teeth.
Tony Dovale|A Consciously Conscious Revolutionary Workplace mindset, is People Firsts, to ensure that it's not a prostitute of our children's future.
Lee Bice-Matheson, Destiny's Gate|Destiny's Gate is filled with darkness and light. If you identify with the darkness, this is a good sign as we all have to embrace the darkness within us in order to heal and be brought into the Light as One.
Jay Inslee|More than ever before, there is a global understanding that long-term social, economic, and environmental development would be impossible without healthy families, communities, and countries.
Edward Abbey, Postcards from Ed: Dispatches and Salvos from an American Iconoclast|In the land of bleating sheep and braying jackasses, one brave and honest man is bound to create a scandal.
Charles L. Whitfield, Healing the Child Within: Discovery and Recovery for Adult Children of Dysfunctional Families|...in the lower self, love is neediness, “chemistry” or infatuation, possession, strong admiration, or even worship—in short, traditional romantic love. Many people who grew up in troubled homes and who experienced a stifling of their Child Within become stuck at these lower levels or ways of experiencing love.
John Burroughs|To learn something new, take the path that you took yesterday.
Laurie Halse Anderson, Forge|Madoka: I'm always... making somebody else fight for me. I can't do anything... Does that make me a coward?Kyōko: Why do you gotta be a magical girl?Madoka: "Why"...?Kyōko: ...This work isn't about playing around. When the job's about putting yourself in harm's way, the only ones who do it are the poor slobs who don't have any other choice. The others who are surrounded by loving families and have the whole world ahead of 'em... the idiots who become magical girls on a whim... They're the ones I can't accept. I just wanna crush 'em! ...Someday the time may come when you have your back to a wall and you gotta fight. You can think about that stuff when the time comes.
Harold Nicholson|The individuals inside are frequently fighting that their individual voices be heard, while the walls of the place, which are the mask, and the perception, are reluctant to give over to the voices of the individuals. Those in the margins are always trying to get to the center, and those at the center, frequently in the name of tradition, are trying to keep the margins at a distance. Part of the identity of a place is the tension between those in the margins, and those in the center, and they all live behind the walls which wear the tradition.
Jessica White|Since you cannot do good to all, you are to pay special attention to those who, by the accidents of time, or place, or circumstances, are brought into closer connection with you.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|I felt a decidedly positive energy in the office with Rohan’s presence. I was not sure if it was real enough for others to experience it too, but I felt it keenly. Gawd, my stupid feelings.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|She thinks I'm a hussy,' thought Scarlett. 'And perhaps she's right at that!
Carl Bernstein, All the President's Men|Rosenfeld went to work for the Herald Tribune after his graduation from Syracuse University and has always been an editor, never a reporter. He was inclined to worry that too many reporters on the metropolitan staff were incompetent, and thought even the best reporters could be saved from self-destruction only by the skills of an editor. His natural distrust of reporters was particularly acute on the Watergate story, where the risks were very great, and he was in the uncomfortable position of having to trust Bernstein and Woodward more than he had ever trusted any reporters.-- Carl Bernstein, Bob Woodward
E.E. Cummings|Who can tell truth from falsehood any more?I say it, and you feel it in your hearts:no man or woman on this big small earth.How should our sages miss the mark of life,and our most skillful players lose the game?your hearts will tell you, as my heart has told me:because all know, and no one understands.
Jimmy Kimmel|Day drag." Ashley answered simply. "The sun turns vampires into dust and drag queens into this." He motioned with his hand down his body.
Abraham Verghese, Cutting for Stone|In the pre-war era when itinerant home-remedy salesmen still wandered the country, they had a traditional patter for selling a potion that was supposed to be particularly effective in treating burns and cuts. A toad with four legs in front and six behind would be placed in a box with mirrors lining the four walls. The toad, amazed at its own appearance from every angle, would break into an oily sweat. This sweat would be collected and simmered for 3,721 days while being stirred with a willow branch. The result was the marvelous potion.When writing about myself, I feel something like that toad in the box.
Carmen Dominique Taxer, Blood Pearl|Ida tried not to sigh.“What do you think of your husband?” he asked.“He was rather short,” Ida said without thinking. When Aubrey didn’t respond, she thought that maybe she ought to elaborate and she said, “And beardy.”That was as much as she could remember of him in the midst of the chaotic events. He was short, bearded, quiet. But mostly short.“He used to be an officer,” Aubrey said.“So I have been told,” Ida tried, again, to keep the cheek from her voice though she was quite certain that she was failing.“In the Varangian army,” Aubrey continued.She resisted the urge to comment on how she didn’t care.
David Lubar, Hidden Talents|As we reached the wooded hill that led to the pipe, Cheater said, "Uh-oh.""What's wrong?" I asked."Is anyone here thinking about kicking the crap out of me?" he asked."Not me," I said."Me either," Lucky said."Maybe tomorrow," Flinch told him. "But not at the moment." hidden talents
Donny Osmond|The nature of the music business is such that it's better to have a few chances for some things to be successful than just one, and that's kind of been my attitude all along.
Vaddey Ratner, In the Shadow of the Banyan|Not that the story need be long, but it will take a long while to make it shor
Sun Fire Elements|Asking forgiveness is not an admission of cowardice and of sin, It is to show that having inner peace is far more important than pride especially if they think that you have wronged them in any way.
Joy Williams, The Quick and the Dead|For bighorns, topography is memory, enhanced by acute vision. They can anticipate the land's every contour--when to leap, where to climb, when to turn, which footholds will support their muscular bodies. To survive, this is what the band would have to do: make this perfect match of flesh to earth.
Richard Greenberg, Rules for Others to Live By: Comments and Self-Contradictions|The best thinking says 'the self' is a fiction (I have a piece about that), yet it's a fiction that we all believe, our most intimate experience. Maybe it's nothing more than our tendency to repeat. Maybe we repeat because when we do, we recognize the behavior and the familiarity is comforting. So the self is just the consolation of our tendencies.
MaryAnn F. Kohl|Art is a process, not a product.
Brandon Sanderson, Elantris|Remember, the past need not become our future as well.
Laura Kaye, Dare to Resist|When you love someone, you're willing to give up damn near anything for them to be happy.
Tyler Perry|My desire is to be a forgiving, non-judgmental person.
Leonard Gardner, Fat City|At times as he lay in bed listening to her breathing, a fear came over him that after marriage death was the next major event.
Thomas Merton, No Man Is an Island|It is the will of God that we live not only as rational beings, but as 'new men' regenerated by the Holy Spirit in Christ. It is His will that we reach out for our inheritance, that we answer His call to be His sons. We are born men without our consent, but the consent to be sons of God has to be elicited by our own free will.
Chris Matakas, The Tao of Jiu Jitsu|After I received my blue belt, I soon recognized that the belts were simply an external representation of an inner experience, and that they mattered little compared to the person I was becoming.
Joseph Bruchac|I love Thanksgiving because it's a holiday that is centered around food and family, two things that are of utmost importance to me.
Steve Goodier|Healthy people know not to gorge on anger. At the end of the day, they walk away. They choose to end it. And it’s an easier choice the next time.
Samuel Scoville Jr., Wild Folk|Of course, accidents will happen in wild-folk families just as among us humans, only in a wild-folk family, an accident is more apt to be fatal.
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Lady Be Good|Now, this is where I draw the line! It's bad enough everybody in town's going to be thinkin' I'm sleeping with a depressed, lice-ridden, hemorrhoidal foreigner who likes to be tied up and might be pregnant, although-since she's just about cornered the market on condoms-I don't know how that could have happened. But I will not-you listen to me, Emma!-I absolutely will not have anybody thinkin' a woman of mine needs a vaginal moisturizer, do you hear me?
Jaime Reed|He wanted more, as did I, but we still had a ways to go. I wasn’t a tease and my demands seemed pretty reasonable: always be honest and try not to eat me.  ~ Sam, Living Violet
Carrie J. Keaton|... the slight nausea he was feeling must be somewhat neat what God was feeling every minute of every day. If indeed He felt anything. He was, after all, a divine being, and it was entirely conceivable that divinity was incompatible with emotion. If not, then the Maestro sincerely pitied God, for hte history of mankind was nothing more than a long tale of tears. (From "Juliet" thought by The Maestro. Chapter 5)
Iris Murdoch, The Sea, the Sea|Don’t fight with your enemy’s brains, fight with his heart
Matshona Dhliwayo|You were not born to impress the world, but to impress the universe.
Kovo|Turning an experience about to observe it, results in a lessening of the experience directly proportional to the amount of observation. To think about it is, to some degree, to stop the pleasure, to stop the experience, to step outside it.
A.S. King, Please Ignore Vera Dietz|As I drive home, I picture other signs- one for everyone who has a secret. Bill Corso's would say, I CAN'T READ, BUT I CAN THROW A FOOTBALL. Mr. Shunk's would read, I WISH I COULD TOSS YOU ALL ON AN ISLAND BY YOURSELVES. Dad's would read, I HATE MYSELF FOR NO GOOD REASON.My Idea grows.
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|I'll make a book on learning how to be a complete moron someday, and I'm sure no one will buy it, because everyone will have mastered that already by the time I gather enough moronism to process it into digestible upgrade instructions for your average village cyborg-idiot.
Richard Wright, Black Boy|Don't be scared by the word authority. Believing things on authority only means believing them because you've been told them by someone you think trustworthy. Ninety-nine per cent of the things you believe are believed on authority. I believe there is such a place as New York. I haven't seen it myself. I couldn't prove by abstract reasoning that there must be such a place. I believe it because reliable people have told me so. The ordinary man believes in the Solar System, atoms, evolution, and the circulation of the blood on authority -because the scientists say so. Every historical statement in the world is believed on authority. None of us has seen the Norman Conquest or the defeat of the Armada. None of us could prove them by pure logic as you prove a thing in mathematics. We believe them simply because people who did see them have left writings that tell us about them: in fact, on authority. A man who jibbed at authority in other things as some people do in religion would have to be content to know nothing all his life.
Brad Henry|In Christ the original image of God is restored, by faith in this world and by sight in the world to come.
Hunter S. Thompson, Fear and Loathing on the Campaign Trail '72|...if that Watergate case ever gets into court, he might get very nervous.
Marc Bekoff, The Emotional Lives of Animals: A Leading Scientist Explores Animal Joy, Sorrow, and Empathy - and Why They Matter|We've all had our moments of weakness, and if we manage to get through today without any, we'll be sure to have some tomorrow.
Jane Hamilton|It's quite conceivable that [life] will eventually spread through thegalaxy and beyond. So life may not forever be an unimportant tracecontaminant of the universe, even though it now is. In fact,I find it a rather appealing view.
Rachel Caine, Midnight Alley|Perv."He pointed to himself. "Male and eighteen. What's your point?
Marcus L. Lukusa|THE GAMEIn a field just like bubble we were. I could not count the number of us. And the field was infinite, like a universe and also like emptiness. We all knew each other but we had no names for one another but meaning was all we had, feelings were all we used. It was not strange, not unusual. We had no sense of time or existence but we were very much alive. In this place we had no need of eating, drinking or sleeping. There was no work and no assignments. No one was above another, we were all equals. No language or race, it is amazing how life could be, existence in emptiness. I was part of all and all was part of me. Until time came when few among us were chosen. Chosen by our own choices, to take upon them a challenge in another realm. We all use to call this “THE GAME”. Once they had decided, each one of them would choose a role thereafter. And few time after they had chosen their roles, like electricity they would be taken from among us and go to a place we didn't know. Until a certain time they would return to us not knowing any more where they had been. Hmmm... It was kind of curious to many of us. The idea of conceiving something; taking up a role. A role? What was that? For what purpose? We didn't even know what a role was. It took too much effort to try even imagining what could be a role. There was then an elder among us. Well elder is too much to say. Someone among us who use to give us the rulers of the game and give us definition of the role. What was the game we asked him. He said to us, the game is call life? What is life? We asked; life is the game but it is also the game of death? What is death we asked, well death is the game of life and in between there's a space which is called existence. In this game you will have the chance to choose your role, be a character in the story, make choices, fail and win sometimes. Have a family, learn, grow and then exit through the door of death, and return right here. Is death a door or a game? We asked him, well it is kind of both so is life. He said to us. How many times can we play this game? We enquired from him further, as much as you like, it all depend on how much you enjoy it. It was then at that time that I started thinking about this game, that time when I noticed, I was becoming different from all of us. The time I started making the choice already only through the ideas of conceiving what other possibilities could be out there... To be continued.
Colin Myles, Life Positioning: 27 Success habits to increase your personal value|Being able to think through and successfully execute ideas, is the gap. The gap leads to success and is so narrow, few are willing to give themselves the final push to squeeze through to the other side.
Italo Calvino, Cosmicomics|To fall in the void as I fell: none of you knows what that means… I went down into the void, to the most absolute bottom conceivable, and once there I saw that the extreme limit must have been much, much farther below, very remote, and I went on falling, to reach it.
Yasunari Kawabata|Yet the misty spring rain softened the outline of the mountain across the river and made it even more beautiful. So gentle was the rain that they hardly knew they were getting wet as they strolled back toward the car, not even bothering to put up their umbrella. The slender threads of rain vanished into the river without a ripple. Cherry blossoms were intermingled with young green leaves, the colours of the budding trees all delicately subdued in the rain.
Shuli Barzilai, Tales of Bluebeard and His Wives from Late Antiquity to Postmodern Times|Raz was one of those vanguard human beings of indeterminate ethnicity, the magnificent mutts that I hope we are all destined to become given another millennium of intermixing. His skin was a rich pecan color from his dad, who was part African American and part native Hawaiian. His hair, straight and glossy black, and the almond shape of his eyes came from his Japanese grandmother. But their color was the cool blue he'd inherited from his mum, a Swedish windsurfing champion.
Carol Ann Duffy|Poetry, above all, is a series of intense moments - its power is not in narrative. I'm not dealing with facts, I'm dealing with emotion.
Lisa Gardner, Live to Tell|Even if i'm setting myself up for failure, I think it's worth trying to be a mother who delights in who her children are, in their knock-knock jokes and earnest questions. A mother who spends less time obseessing about what will happen, or what has happened, and more time reveling in what is. A mother who doesn't fret over failings and slights, who realizes her worries and anxieties are just thoughts, the continuous chattering and judgement of a too busy mind. A mother who doesn't worry so much about being bad or good but just recognizes that she's both, and neither. A mother who does her best, and for whom that is good enough, even if, in the end, her best turns out to be, simply, not bad. 
Ursula K. Le Guin, Four Ways to Forgiveness|Knowledge is a rope, and you're weaving a noose out of it. Leave some slack for the enemy.
C. L. Coffey|As you communicate regularly with your very own angels, you will come to trust them and you will also in the process develop more confidence.
Scott Westerfeld, Uglies|Every gay person must come out. As difficult as it is, you must tell your immediate family. You must tell your relatives. You must tell your friends if indeed they are your friends. You must tell the people you work with. You must tell the people in the stores you shop in. Once they realize that we are indeed their children, that we are indeed everywhere, every myth, every lie, every innuendo will be destroyed once and all. And once you do, you will feel so much better
Fannie Hurst|I'm not happy when I'm writing, but I'm more unhappy when I'm not.
Debasish Mridha|Sure I’m alone but I don’t feel lonely. Some people regard loneliness as a disease and to be honest, this is the first time in years I have been totally alone. No girl around to put my hand under her chin in the dead of night or feel her warm breath against my cheek in the morning when I awake. But this is just a temporary loneliness, a mild winter cold. The disease only becomes terminal when you no longer realise you’re alone, when you’ve become used to the silence and look forward to it when you get home at night. When you’ve forgotten what it’s like to be loved and in love and when you've given up on trying, that's when you’re in trouble.
Alexia Casale, The Bone Dragon|There are a dozen St. George soldiers hiding in that maze,” my trainer said. “All hunting you. All looking to kill you. Welcome to Phase Two of your training, hatchling.
Thomas Paine|America; a country that was discovered is now a discovery and making discoveries! America is America not because of the name America, but because of the great hands and minds who made the name America be America!
Lailah Gifty Akita|Without failure, there is no success.
John Mortimer, Rumpole and the Penge Bungalow Murders|Check-ups are, in my experience, a grave mistake; all they do is allow the quack of your choice to tell you that you have some sort of complaint that you were far happier not knowing about.
Karen Hawkins, How to Capture a Countess|Why are you staring at my boobs? My face is up here,” Trudy exclaims.Jack, the hotel employees, and I jump back like we’ve been electrocuted while the seniors don’t skip a beat. No. She. Didn’t. These geriatric devils are so bad.
Jason S. Hornsby, Every Sigh, the End|Books like Twilight are not art. They are mass-produced crap that is meant to be consumed by the widest possible audience, for the largest possible profit.
Helen Rowland|Well, my wife and I were married in a toilet - it was a marriage of convenience!
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|Before making a snap judgment, ask yourself if it really is something that has hurt you or simply just made you angry at yourself for allowing it to happen. It’s amazing what ‘sleeping on it’ can do. A new day sees a new beginning.
Barnaby Allen, Pacific Viking|A port arrival makes you feel so free ...To realize what it is to be a free man, with a world before him;
Julie Mulhern, The Deep End|None of this was part of the plan all the girls I'd grown up with had been given. Not a written plan, unless the book about Cinderella counted. The plan was in the water we drank, the air we breathed. It was poured into the pavement on the streets we called home. Marry a nice man, one who was a good provider, and live happily, or at least comfortably, ever after.Safe to say I'd followed the plan. I'd married a banker. Had a baby. But the plan had failed me. It left me alone huddled in a window seat with every emotion I'd refused to let myself feel seeping through my pores until the air in my bedroom was heavy with sadness and angst and confusion. (p. 235)
Denise Flaim, Rescue Ink: How Ten Guys Saved Countless Dogs and Cats, Twelve Horses, Five Pigs, One Duck,and a Few Turtles|Think how nature makes things compared to how we humans make things." We talked about how animals don't just preserve the next generation; they typically preserve the environment for the ten-thousandth generation. While human industrial processes can produce Kevlar, it takes a temperature of thousands of degrees to do it, and the fiber is pulled through sulfuric acid. In contrast, a spider makes its silk - which per gram is several times stronger than steel - at room temperature in water.
Paul  Hoffman, The Left Hand of God|Hell hath no limits, nor is circumscribed In one self place, for where we are is hell, And where hell is must we ever be.
P.D. James, The Children of Men|It was reasonable to struggle, to suffer, perhaps even to die, for a more just, a more compassionate society, but not in a world with no future where, all to soon, the very words "justice," "compassion," "society," "struggle," "evil," would be unheard echoes on an empty air.
Elizabeth Bourgeret, Captive Heart|She knew nothing of the massacre that went on around her, but when she released the wail of a broken hearted mother, one man heard her. The one who took her son's life.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Head up, heart open. To better days!
Jeanette Winterson|What worries me is that a load of shite has been talked about digitisation as being the new Gutenberg, but the fact is that Gutenberg led to books being put in shelves, and digitisation is taking books off shelves.If you start taking books off shelves then you are only going to find what you are looking for, which does not help those who do not know what they are looking for.
Jonathan Swift, Gulliver's Travels|Time is a most versatile resource. It flies, marches on, works wonders, and will tell. It also runs out.
Kevin Hearne, Hammered|Saying good-bye properly afforded me a measure of peace. It was a binding of a different sort, absent of the earth's power, but still hard proof that there is magic yet in the world.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|The people who support and defend those accused of child sexual abuse indiscriminately, those who join organizations dedicated to defending people who are accused of child sexual abuse with no screening whatsoever to keep out those who are guilty as charged are likewise not necessarily people engaged in an objective search for the truth. Some of them can and do use deceit, trickery, misstated research, harassment, intimidation, and charges of laundering federal money to silence their opponents.Those of us who are the recipients of bogus lawsuits and frivolous ethics charges and phony phone calls and pickets outside our offices must know more than the research to survive such tactics. We must know something about endurance and about the importance of refusing to be intimidated.Confessions of a Whistle-Blower: Lessons Learned Author: Anna C. Salter. Ethics & Behavior, Volume 8, Issue 2 June 1998
Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club|At the time, my life just seemed too complete, and maybe we have to break everything to make something better out of ourselves.
Gautama Buddha|Look not to the faults of others, nor to their omissions and commissions. But rather look to your own acts, to what you have done and left undone.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|Journalism is not like fiction and will never be. In fiction, you can feed people with lies, yet at the end of the reading, people still live the same life - go to work, eat, come back home, and sleep - nothing really changes aside from, at the very least, their perception of the world. But, things are different in journalism. You tell people a barefaced life, they will believe it, and something is going to happen. People will promptly respond to what they believe is true because it relates to their life, and we take life seriously, don't we?
Ivan Klíma|To lose your own language was like forgetting your mother, and as sad, in a way.
Banana Yoshimoto, Kitchen|No matter what, I want to continue living with the awareness that I will die. Without that, I am not alive.
Charles Dickens, David Copperfield|A display of indifference to all the actions and passions of mankind was not supposed to be such a distinguished quality at that time, I think, as I have observed it to be considered since. I have known it very fashionable indeed. I have seen it displayed with such success, that I have encountered some fine ladies and gentlemen who might as well have been born caterpillars.
Haruki Murakami|Dreaming is the day job of novelists, but sharing our dreams is a still more important task for us. We cannot be novelists without this sense of sharing something.
Debra Crown|Warped and bigoted with preconceived illusions of justice, freedom, and consistency, they cast off the old lore and the old way with the old beliefs; nor ever stopped to think that the lore and those ways were the sole makers of their present thoughts and judgments, and the sole guides and standards in a meaningless universe without fixed aims or stable points of reference.
J. Grant Howard, Balancing Life's Demands: A New Perspective on Priorities|J.I. Packer says that we have "conformed to the modern spirit: the spirit, that is, that spawns great thoughts of man and leaves room for only small thoughts of God." We have "allowed God to become remote." Christians who don't have an expanding, deepening knowledge of God are like players who have no coach, no rule book, no game schedule, no playing field, no training program. They are depending on one thing to win - uniforms.
Abhijit Naskar|Peace first, sophistication later. Harmony first, luxury later.
Liam Perrin, Sir Thomas the Hesitant and the Table of Less Valued Knights|Your heart is who you are, all else follows. Guard your heart, Thomas. Guard your heart.
John Mark Green|When they try to judge you,remember, they themselves are judged.When they try to condemn you,remember, they themselves are condemned.When they try to break you,remember, they themselves are broken.When they try to hurt you,remember, they themselves are hurting.
Bill Nye|From the moment of using rocket devices, a great new era will begin in astronomy: the epoch of the more intensive study of the firmament.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Oh that we would hunger to be filled with the Word of God; for there is no greater armor, no greater strength, no greater assurance that He is with us, and in us, when we go forth in battle equipped and nourished by His instruction and determined to stand firm on His promises.
Susanna Kearsley, The Splendour Falls|I had met death before, in different forms--I knew quite well the pattern of my grieving. First came shock, and then tears, and then a bitter anger, followed by a softer grief that time would wear away.
George Orwell, Animal Farm|Evil is ancient, unchanging, and with us always. The more postmodern the West becomes — affluent, leisured, nursed on moral equivalence, utopian pacifism, and multicultural relativism — the more premodern the evil among us seems to arise in nihilistic response.
Blake Shelton|We can't equate democracy with Christianity because the largest democracy on earth is India, which is primarily Hindu. The third largest democracy is Indonesia, which is Islamic. Democracy and freedom are not dependent on Christian beliefs.
Daphne Sheldrick|The three-toed sloth lives a peaceful, vegetarian life in perfect harmony with its environment. A good-natured smile is forever on its lips...I have seen that smile with my own eyes. I am not one given to projecting human traits and emotions onto animals, but many a time during that month in Brazil, looking up at a sloth in repose, I felt I was in the presence of upside-down yogis deep in meditation or hermits deep in prayer, wise beings whose intense imaginative lives were beyond the reach of scientific probing.
John Green, Will Grayson, Will Grayson|He hath always but slightly, known himself...King Lear
John Robinson|It angers me that a timed, planned and paid smearing campaign is run against me in the press.
Katie Reus, Tease Me, Baby|Since you’re obviously in need of something to do, instead of shouting at me through this whole drill, isn’t there some tree you could fell with your bare hands, or a boulder somewhere that needs tossing?
David Sedaris, When You Are Engulfed in Flames|The landscape is best described as 'pedestrian hostile.' It's pointless to try to take a walk, so I generally just stay in the room and think about shooting myself in the head.
Steven Magee|The brain is both an emitter and a receiver of many forms of electromagnetic energy. There are fields of various forms around all living things, some we know about and others have yet to be documented.
Danika Stone, Edge of Wild|Lou stood at the kitchen sink, her eyes unfocused on her hazy reflection in the window. Outside the sky was fading from steely blue to indigo. The mountain range beyond was a solid sheet of black, cut out by a child's sloppy scissors.
Laura Bickle, The Hallowed Ones|I think I’d rather be branded than submit to some of the things that you have to.” He said this without spite, just a soft statement of fact. “I’m not strong enough to do that.
Markus Zusak, Fighting Ruben Wolfe|I thought you wanted to catch a camel," you tried again."No.""I want to.""Well, you go then."You laughed. "I want your beautiful face where I can see it
Chris Mentillo|You Can Not Be Honest With Others, If You Are Not First Honest With Yourself.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Pray on bow knees,
Lauren Conrad|The rich are different. Their wants are very high maintenance. They'll pick eye color and hair color, all the way down to what she does for a living, what school she went to. Their list can be extremely long. But at the end of the day, dating is dating, because they're human beings.
Marcel Proust, Sodom and Gomorrah|There is no such thing as bad weather, only inappropriate clothing.
William Faulkner, Light in August|It does not take long. Soon the fine galloping language, the gutless swooning full of sapless trees and dehydrated lusts begins to swim smooth and swift and peaceful. It is better than praying without having to bother to think aloud. It is like listening in a cathedral to a eunuch chanting in a language which he does not even need to not understand.
Isabelle Rowan, Ink|If you can find just one place of pleasure within, than you can find the courage to persist.
Debasish Mridha|To live a life in perfect harmony, create true peace in your heart.
Elizabeth George|God’s Word is written for you and to you, but it won’t help unless you read it.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|For the [innate] general principles enter into our thoughts, of which they form the soul and the connection. They are as necessary thereto as the muscles and sinews are for walking, although we do not at all think of them.
Judas Iscariot The Flight of the Feathered Serpent|If someone grabs you in the street, hit hard and fast, because you may not get a second chance.
Jacob M. Appel, Phoning Home|O Time the fatal wrack of mortal things,That draws oblivion's curtains over kings;Their sumptuous monuments, men know them not,Their names without a record are forgot,Their parts, their ports, their pomps all laid in th' dustNor wit nor gold, nor buildings scape time's rust;But he whose name is graved in the white stoneShall last and shine when all of these are gone.
A.Wilding Wells|She couldn’t stop kissing him. Literally could not. There could be an earthquake, a fire, an explosion—who would notice? The whole world could come crashing down and it wouldn’t be enough for her to pull away.
Adolf Hitler, Mein Kampf|Any philosophy, whether of a religious or political nature - and sometimes the dividing line is hard to determine - fights less for the negative destruction of the opposing ideology than for the positive promotion of its own. Hence its struggle is less defensive than offensive. It therefore has the advantage even in determining the goal, since this goal represents the victory of its own idea, while, conversely,it is hard to determine when the negative aim of the destruction of a hostile doctrine may be regarded as achieved and assured. For this reason alone, the philosophy's offensive will be more systematic and also more powerful than the defensive against a philosophy, since here, too, as always, the attack and not the defence makes the decision. The fight against a spiritual power with methods of violence remains defensive, however, until the sword becomes the support,the herald and disseminator, of a new spiritual doctrine.
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|In the wasteland of metro Boston, at thirteen, fourteen, his big dream had been of a gun to his own head, putting him out of his misery—a misery that by sophomore year of college was indistinguishable from everybody else's.
Anna Carey, Once|Piper went a little crazy. She cried out with relief and dove straight into the water.What was she thinking? She didn't take a rope or a life vest or anything. But at the moment, she was just so happy that she paddled over to Leo and kissed him on the cheek, which kind of surprised him."Miss me?" Leo laughed.Piper was suddenly furious. "Where were you? How are you guys alive?" "Long story," he said. A picnic basket bobbed to the surface next to him. "Want a brownie?
Gregory B. Sadler|Three days a week she helped at the Manor Nursing Home, where people proved their keenness by reciting received analyses of current events. All the Manor residents watched television day and night, informed to the eyeballs like everyone else and rushed for time, toward what end no one asked. Their cupidity and self-love were no worse than anyone else's, but their many experiences' having taught them so little irked Lou. One hated tourists, another southerners; another despised immigrants. Even dying, they still held themselves in highest regard. Lou would have to watch herself. For this way of thinking began to look like human nature--as if each person of two or three billion would spend his last vital drop to sustain his self-importance.
Jonathan Edwards|My friends, I do not believe it is preaching Christ and him crucified, to give people a batch of philosophy every Sunday morning and evening, and neglect the truths of this Holy Book. I do not believe it is preaching Christ and him crucified, to leave out the main cardinal doctrines of the Word of God, and preach a religion which is all a mist and a haze, without any definite truths whatever. I take it that man does not preach Christ and him crucified, who can get through a sermon without mentioning Christ's name once; nor does that man preach Christ and him crucified, who leaves out the Holy Spirit's work, who never says a word about the Holy Ghost, so that indeed the hearers might say, "We do not so much as know whether there be a Holy Ghost." And I have my own private opinion, that there is no such thing as preaching Christ and him crucified, unless you preach what now-a-days is called Calvinism. I have my own ideas, and those I always state boldly. It is a nickname to call it Calvinism. Calvinism is the gospel, and nothing else. I do not believe we can preach the gospel, if we do not preach justification by faith without works; not unless we preach the sovereignty of God in his dispensation of grace; nor unless we exalt the electing, unchangeable, eternal, immutable, conquering love of Jehovah; nor, I think, can we preach the gospel, unless we base it upon the peculiar redemption which Christ made for his elect and chosen people; nor can I comprehend a gospel which lets saints fall away after they are called, and suffers the children of God to be burned in the fires of damnation, after having believed. Such a gospel I abhor. The gospel of the Bible is not such a gospel as that. We preach Christ and him crucified in a different fashion, and to all gainsayers we reply, "We have not so learned Christ.
Chris  Cannon, Blackmail Boyfriend|Bryce looked like a California underwear model. Not that I’d thought about him in his underwear.Much.He was talking with his friend Nathan. Where Bryce had the whole tan, blond, hazel-eyed thing going on, Nathan was fair with dark hair and dark eyes. They looked like opposite sides of the same coin. A really hot, totally unreachable coin that a collector would keep in a special locked case, which normal girls like myself were not allowed to touch.
Eva Blanco, Ohana: Happiness is a Choice|When a man strikes another man, he better have a good reason. There is never a good reason for a man to strike a woman.
Jeff Dunham|I'm looking at some comedic horror films because I have often been accused of being too dark. I'm not dark, not compared with 'Saw' or anything like that. So I'm looking at live-action horror films, but not slasher ones - ones that have humor and maybe some social satire.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|When you forgive, you are freed from some of the feelings of disapproval and it can contribute to lessening your negative thoughts.
Dan Quinn|My father instilled in me the attitude of prevailing. If there's a challenge, go for it. If there's a wall to break down, break it down.
Steve Case|Being raised in a developing country opened my eyes to so much I cannot tolerate. In Colombia, education is sometimes considered a luxury, not a human right. And it's not a priority in the agendas of many leaders.
Norbert Wiener, The Human Use Of Human Beings: Cybernetics And Society|We are not the stuff that abides, but patternsthat perpetuate themselves.
Judith Land, Adoption Detective: Memoir of an Adopted Child|That is one of the great gifts of The Evolution of Us. Vulnerability. Christine finds it in the women she interviews, and then offers it openly from herself, too. We learn through her writing to live moment to moment, to embrace our insecurities, and to lean on one another… Lauree Ostrofsky, CPCSimply Leap, LLC
Maya Angelou|A liar will not be believed, even when he speaks the truth.
Betty  Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn|Because," explained Mary Rommely simply, "the child must have a valuable thing which is called imagination. The child must have a secret world in which live things that never were. It is necessary that she believe. She must start out by believing in things not of this world. Then when the world becomes too ugly for living in, the child can reach back and live in her imagination. I, myself, even in this day and at my age, have great need of recalling the miraculous lives of the Saints and the great miracles that have come to pass on earth. Only by having these things in my mind can I live beyond what I have to live for.
Angela Vallely|One step at a time I know I will reach my destination of which I consider to be a happier, healthier way of living in mind body and soul.
Omar Khayyám|Here with a Loaf of Bread beneath the Bough,A Flask of Wine, a Book of Verse - and ThouBeside me singing in the Wilderness -And Wilderness is Paradise enow.
Monica Alexander, Just Watch the Fireworks|If you were going to be best friends with anyone - Kevin - you had to hate a lot of other people, the two of you, together. It made you better friends.
Noah Hawley, The Good Father|You yourself may not be luminous, but you are a conductor of light.
Arthur Bennett, The Valley of Vision: A Collection of Puritan Prayers and Devotions|​Oh God, it is amazing that men can talk so much about man's creaturely power and goodness, when, if thou didst not hold us back every moment, we should be devils incar​​nate.
Henry David Thoreau, Collected Essays and Poems|The universe seems to be a lot like a car or a computer, in that it's designed to be user-friendly, which doesn't necessarily require the user to have a clue what's going on under the hood.
Darrell Calkins, Re:|If one follows what is in one’s heart (let’s leave out mind for the moment), one ends up with what one truly values and loves in life—and one acts accordingly. One’s own private indulgent cyclic habitual reactive subjective transitory feelings are, hopefully, not at the head of that list.
John Banville|He had scores to settle with the world, and she, at that moment, was world enough for him.
Sylvain Tesson, Dans les forêts de Sibérie|Television wasn't getting rid of animals, but they were no longer cast as creatures that were omniscient and heroic. They were talking horses like Mr Ed or an absurdist pig like Arnold Ziffle...Just like the heroic animals in silent films became comedians in talkies, animals on television were becoming jesters, something Rin Tin Tin had never been.
Marilynne Robinson|And even if somebody else has it much worse, that doesn't really change the fact that you have what you have. Good and bad... Maybe it's good to put things in perspective, but sometimes, I think the only perspective is to really be there. Like Sam said. Because it's okay to feel things. And be who you are about them.
Vishal Chipkar, Enter Heaven|South Delhi is such a rich area in Delhi, you could call it the heart of Delhi or a slice of heaven for the rarest sight of Delhiites served with cherry.
Thurgood Marshall|I served in all commissioned ranks from a second Lieutenant to a Major General. And during that time, I spent most of my time being a high-class muscle man for Big Business, for Wall Street, and for the bankers. In short, I was a racketeer for capitalism.
Peter Orner, Last Car Over the Sagamore Bridge|On a ship, knowing when to be silent is just as important as knowing when to speak.
Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath|I don't want to be alone, I want to be left alone.
Holly Black, The Coldest Girl in Coldtown|Keep going' she told herself, 'Don't look back.' But she looked anyways.
H. R. McMaster|There is no Constitutional right to prey on others. The Internet is just a piece of technology, like the telephone. Society has the right to modify its uses.
James Lee Schmidt, liQUID PROse QUOtes|I've often wondered - where do the people who WORK at coffee shops go to meet their friends - Do they go to Conference Rooms? And if they don't meet in conference rooms, I'd like them to know I'd be willing to rent out my grandma's basement.-James Lee Schmidt and Jarod Kintz
Rachel Caine, Ghost Town| An intriguing world where vampires rule, only the strongest survive, and romance offers hope in the darkest hours.
Katie McGarry, Long Way Home|Want to hire a manned guard for your home or retail shop at very lowest cost. Contact G&A Security, as we offer a professional and effective Manned Guarding service throughout the North East. Visit our website to know more about our security services in Darlington and surrounding area.
Sophia Rose, Liquid Me: Poetry and Prose|The daemon wind died down, and the bloated, fungoid moon sank reddeningly in the west.
Matt Damon|I am beautiful, famous and gorgeous.
Sarah Chalke|I want everything I do to have humor in it, because it seems to me that all of life has that.
Natalie Goldberg, Wild Mind: Living the Writer's Life|I remember a friend many years ago who had taped a sign to his refrigerator: There's a dream dreaming us. If you try to think about what that means it makes your mind silly, but that silliness is good.
Sam Owen, 500 Relationships And Life Quotes: Bite-Sized Advice For Busy People|Within our emotions lie answers, truths and instructions.
Hanif Kureishi|Soaking is also positioning yourself for an encounter with God, to be with Him. You do the positioning, He does the encounter.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|Realize yourself. Realize your abilities. Be sincere to nobody else, but yourself. Keep walking on the path of bravery. Keep walking on the path of your passion. Keep walking, and do not stop until you reach your goal.
Tom Tancredo|I think it's pathetic that a court of law cannot be in a vacuum of the legal system, without the influence of the public threatening to do great bodily harm to people and property. It's really a pathetic statement for our country.
Marjane Satrapi, The Complete Persepolis|The first time her laughter unfurled its wings in the wind, we knew that the world would never be the same”-
Michael Chabon, The Yiddish Policemen's Union|He has the memory of a convict, the balls of a fireman, and the eyesight of a housebreaker. When there is crime to fight, Landsman tears around Sitka like a man with his pant leg caught on a rocket. It's like there's a film score playing behind him, heavy on the castanets. The problem comes in the hours when he isn't working, when his thoughts start blowing out the open window of his brain like pages from the blotter. Sometimes it takes a heavy paperweight to pin them down.
Viktor Orban|Dependence is not patriotism. A man does not love his mother if he hangs about her to the point of burdening her with a weak, feckless son.
Stephen King|True human goodness, in all its purity and freedom, can come to the fore only when its recipient has no power.
Jeanne Wakatsuki Houston, Farewell to Manzanar and Related Readings|Acceptance.Good and bad,Fortune and misfortune,Pleasure and pain,I want it all,Because it's mine.
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|When I really worry about something, I don´t just fool around. I even have to go to the bathroom when I worry about something. Only, I don´t go. I´m too worried to go. I don´t want to interrupt my worrying to go.
Sue Detweiler|As you come close to God in prayer, He brings purpose even from the brokenness of your life.
Kevin Love|I love my dad, although I'm definitely critical of him sometimes, like when his pants are too tight. But I love him so much and I try to be really supportive of him.
Lauren Roedy Vaughn, OCD, the Dude, and Me|If someone leaves you, don't be depressed. They just did not deserve you. And always remember, "Whatever happens, happens for the best".
G.K. Chesterton, Orthodoxy|, I found the whole modern world talking scientific fatalism; saying that everything is as it must alwayshave been, being unfolded without fault from the beginning. The leaf on the tree is green because it couldnever have been anything else. Now, the fairy-tale philosopher is glad that the leaf is green precisely becauseit might have been scarlet. He feels as if it had turned green an instant before he looked at it.
Sunday Adelaja|The devil hates the people who build the broken walls, he detests those who restore them
Steven J. Carroll, A Prince of Earth|It is good practice to never fault someone for their birth name, being that it is always of far greater importance how men speak of you, than the name by which you are addressed.
David Graeber|Boss may be on, but leader can be anyone.
Charbel Tadros|When we were kids and believed that the game was not fair, we stopped playing. Well, the game of governance is not fair, so we need to stop playing along.
Cory Doctorow, Someone Comes to Town, Someone Leaves Town|If only Uncle Monty knew what we know," Violet said, "and Stephano knew that he knew what we know. But Uncle Monty doesn't know what we know, and Stephano knows that he doesn't know what we know.""I know," Klause said."I know you know," Violet said
Criss Jami|He has a way of drawing His loves back to Himself. A psyche separated from the peace (and the freedom) of Christ is liable to entangle itself in all sorts of folly and vanity, or confused witchcraft. On the one side it will preach, 'Empowerment!' But on the other it will scream, 'Oppression!' Yes, you now have the power to be oppressed: because as long as you look to be a victim, you will find yourself to be a victim.
Alyxandria Harvey|In short, if you should find yourself in a fight against a vampire, you are really right and proper fucked.
Peter Gould, Write Naked|Every spoken thought is just a symbol for something inside your brain. This word, out here, is like that thought in there. But it's never exact. So, looking at it another way, every word you say is a lie.
Veronica Roth, Insurgent|Aside from actually manifesting your SoulMate, synchronicities, equanimity and gratitude are the three main signs that your inner work is working and you are on the right path to manifesting your SoulMate.
Lionel Sosa|You make mistakes, but I don't have any regrets. I'm the kind of person who takes responsibility for it and deals with it. I learn from everything I do. I work very hard, I have so many things going on in my life. Get to know me and see who I am.
Daniel Wicomb|Often she felt as though she had been picked up and turned about like a kaleidoscope, that all her complacent assumptions had been shaken up and reassembled in a different order
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|The world was beautiful when looked at in this way—without any seeking, so simple, so childlike.
Tina Fey|You can be discouraged by failure, or you can learn from it. So go ahead and make mistakes, make all you can. Because, remember that's where you'll find success - on the far side of failure.
David Duchovny|The death of Christ proclaimed the justice and perpetuity of his Father's law in punishing the transgressor, in that he consented to suffer the penalty of the law himself, in order to save fallen man from its curse.
Carol Oates, Something Wicked|In the blink of an eye, the fairytales told to children were as real as death and taxes. Vampires, shifters, trolls, demons and creatures of myth, were as real as the air we breathe.
Ron Reagan|I look at my little girl and I wonder what she's going to be and what she's going to do and what is it that leads girls certain directions in life. I think a lot of that goes back to what kind of father they had, and so it makes me want to be the best dad I can possibly be.
Fennel Hudson, Wild Carp - Fennel's Journal - No. 4|Used to keep my thinking in a box , I realized it was confining Broke it down decided I was more than the limits others placed on me~bns
Diana Rose Morcilla|Darling, you know and I know that everything is straight between us at last beyond the furthest abstract definition in metaphysical terms or any terms you want to specify or sweetly impose or harken back.
David Beckham|Mothers play an important role as the heart of the home, but this in no way lessens the equally important role fathers should play, as head of the home, in nurturing, training, and loving their children.
Vikram Seth, A Suitable Boy|And you spend your day going around from the house of the washerman to the house of the sweeper, asking about this one's son and that one's nephew, but spending no time with your own family. It is no secret that many people here think that you are a communist.'Rasheed reflected that this probably meant only that he loathed the poverty and injustice endemic to the village, and that he made no particular secret of it.
Thea Harrison, Spellbinder|Vel took both of her hands and stepped backwards on to the gangplank. ‘No!’ she squealed, pulling him back on to the quay.‘What?’‘You might fall in, going backwards.’ His grip on her hands tightened enough to hurt. ‘Ow!’‘I’m going up.’ He glowered at her. ‘I’m going backwards. I’m going now. Are you coming, or shall I tell the others to come and wave you goodbye?’That earned him a glower in return. ‘You're a brute. I hate you and I’m only coming to keep Ren safe from you.
Brandy Norwood|During the first couple of years at school... I used to take my lunch and go down by the old fair grounds & sit alone by the side of the road & eat it... Those lovely, lonely lunches stick deep in my memory as unhappy times.
Judy Croome, The Weight of a Feather and other stories|Even though he'd been born into a country unshackling itself from its colonial masters, even though he'd lived through nearly twenty years of freedom, nothing much changed for you when you were poor.
Eric Hoffer|Throughout history, people with new ideas—who think differently and try to change things—have always been called troublemakers.
Brian Greene|As children, our imaginations are vibrant, and our hearts are open. We believe that the bad guy always loses and that the tooth fairy sneaks into our rooms at night to put money under our pillow. Everything amazes us, and we think anything is possible. We continuously experience life with a sense of newness and unbridled curiosity.
Chris Cleave, Everyone Brave is Forgiven|The true moments of one's life were sadder for the fact that they must always be synchronized with the ordinary: with rail timetables, with breaks in traffic.
Anne Lamott, Bird by Bird: Some Instructions on Writing and Life|I want people who write to crash or dive below the surface, where life is so cold and confusing and hard to see.Your anger and damage and grief are the way to the truth.
Mario Stinger|Catholicism - all the perversions of Christianity - is not a faith of love. It is a faith of fear. Obey, be good, toe the line, and heaven is yours, the first prize in the lottery of eternity. Disobey, react, cut the lifeline, and never-ceasing damnation is the booby prize. The dogma is, love the only god and you shall be safe. Fail in that love and he will not rescue you, not until you crawl and apologize and fawn before the altar. What kind of a religion demands such indignity?
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|It's sweet and everything, but it's like you're not even there sometimes. It's great that you can listen and be a shoulder to someone, but what about when someone doesn't need a shoulder? What if they need the arms or something like that? You can't just sit there and put everybody's lives ahead of yours and think that counts as love. You just can't. You have to do things." "Like what?" I asked. My mouth was dry. "I don't know. Like take their hands when the slow song comes up for a change. Or be the one who asks someone for a date. Or tell people what you need. Or what you want.
Steve López, The Soloist: A Lost Dream, an Unlikely Friendship, and the Redemptive Power of Music|.. a friend is someone who inspires, who challenges, who sends you in search of some truer sense of yourself..
Nick Hornby, A Long Way Down|There are few moments of clarity more profound than those that follow the emptying of an overcharged bladder. The world slows down, the focus sharpens, the brain comes back on line. Huge nebulous difficulties prove on close calm examination to be merely cloud giants.
Terry Pratchett, The Wee Free Men|Then stop trying to throw logic at nightmares. Sometimes the monsters are real, Anita. Sometimes they're real and the only way to defeat them is to be the bigger monster. ~Bibiana to Anita
Hazim Bangwar|Life is like a plate of chillies, what you do today might just burn your ass tomorrow!
Jay Woodman|The universe is flux, life is opinion.
Hilary Mantel, Bring Up the Bodies|Go back to bed, Cowan. I want no promises from you.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you understand the value of time, you will convert it into products.
M.J. Rose, The Secret Language of Stones|Art frees us from our prejudices and gives us the chance to become our best selves, individuals who dare to dream. And even if those dreams aren’t always as pretty as we’d like, or don’t conform, or frighten us, it is our duty to encourage art to flourish. All art. Every kind.
Horace Mann|Instead of generating either unnecessary alarm or a false sense of security regarding these fundamental issues, the best course is to empower people with the truth.
David Nicholls, Starter for Ten|He has a mouth, lord," Gerbruht said."I envy him," I said."Envy him, lord?""Most of us have to lower our trews to shit.
J.B.|As she looks through the window; while seeing him give her his world, tears rolled down her cheeks as she remembers the world she once had.
Steven Weinberg|If there is no point in the universe that we discover by the methods of science, there is a point that we can give the universe by the way we live, by loving each other, by discovering things about nature, by creating works of art. And that—in a way, although we are not the stars in a cosmic drama, if the only drama we're starring in is one that we are making up as we go along, it is not entirely ignoble that faced with this unloving, impersonal universe we make a little island of warmth and love and science and art for ourselves. That's not an entirely despicable role for us to play.
Abhijit Naskar|The Self, when finite, is Human and when infinite, is God.
Neil Gaiman, Stardust|Mr. Charles Dickens was serializing his novel Oliver Twist; Mr. Draper had just taken the first photograph of the moon, freezing her pale face on cold paper; Mr. Morse had recently announced a way of transmitting messages down metal wires. Had you mentioned magic or Faerie to any of them, they would have smiled at you disdainfully, except, perhaps for Mr. Dickens, at the time a young man, and beardless. He would have looked at you wistfully.
Allan Bloom|It seems very strange that one must turn back, and be transported to the very beginnings of history, in order to arrive at an understanding of humanity as it is at present.
Katie Reus, Taste of Darkness|Shit," Drake rubbed a hand over his face. Shit, shit, shit..."Shit," Drake said again...."That about sums it up," Gabriel muttered.
Sheridan Smith|Some people won't go the extra mile, and then on their birthday, when no one makes a fuss, they feel neglected and bitter.
Ashly Lorenzana|Whenever an occasion arose in which she needed an opinion on something in the wider world, she borrowed her husband's. If this had been all there was to her, she wouldn't have bothered anyone, but as is so often the case with such women, she suffered from an incurable case of of pretentiousness. Lacking any internalized values of her own, such people can arrive at a standpoint only by adopting other people's standards or views. The only principle that governs their minds is the question "How do I look?
Colette McBeth|It's that knowledge that sustains you through tough times, the certainty that you will always be less without each other than you are together.
Wally Lamb, I Know This Much Is True|If I could just write it down in a piece of paper, then maybe she could get a decent night's sleep, eat a little of her dinner. Maybe she could have a minute's worth of peace.
Bryant McGill|Toxic relationships are dangerous to your health; they will literally kill you. Stress shortens your lifespan. Even a broken heart can kill you. There is an undeniable mind-body connection. Your arguments and hateful talk can land you in the emergency room or in the morgue. You were not meant to live in a fever of anxiety; screaming yourself hoarse in a frenzy of dreadful, panicked fight-or-flight that leaves you exhausted and numb with grief. You were not meant to live like animals tearing one another to shreds. Don't turn your hair gray. Don't carve a roadmap of pain into the sweet wrinkles on your face. Don't lay in the quiet with your heart pounding like a trapped, frightened creature. For your own precious and beautiful life, and for those around you — seek help or get out before it is too late. This is your wake-up call!
Mary Tornyenyor|If colleges are going to justify themselves, they are going to have to thrive at those things that require physical proximity. That includes moral and spiritual development. Very few of us cultivate our souls as hermits. We do it through small groups and relationships and in social contexts.
Chriscinthia Blount|Upon examination of a people’s history, beware the story teller’s motives.
Laura Frantz, Love's Reckoning|Haste and panic were poor traveling companions, and this trip he'd reaped the consequences in spades.
Debasish Mridha|Don’t find work, find an interest and do it with love. If you can earn a living doing something interesting, then you will never have to work.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|I mean that they (students) should not play life, or study it merely, while the community supports them at this expensive game, but earnestly live it from beginning to end. How could youths better learn to live than by at once trying the experiment of living? Methinks this would exercise their minds as much as mathematics.
Damien Hirst|We try, we fail, we posture, we aspire, we pontificate - and then we age, shrink, die, and vanish.
Coco Chanel|Unfortunately, I am only myself. I am scared and alone and unsure, but I am practicing. I am scared and alone and unsure, but that doesn't mean I always will be.Like AJ repeating words, I can repeat being me, until I start to believe it.
Violet Hunt, Ghostly By Gaslight|It came at last."'Dr. Graham, tell me,' she asked tremulously, 'do you believe that prayers - wicked unreasonable prayers - are granted?'He helped himself to another slice of bread-and-butter before answering. 'Well-' he said slowly, 'it seems hard to believe that every fool who has a voice to pray with and a brain to conceive idiotic requests should be permitted to interfere with the economy of the universe. As a rule, if people were long-sighted enough to foresee the result of their petitions, I fancy very few of us would venture to interfere.' ("The Story of A Ghost")
Angie Thomas|I wasn't a very academic kid, and music was the way for all that feeling and angst and sex and love and anger to be channelled.
Sharon Law Tucker, How to Be a BadAss - A Survival Guide for Women|Don't get inspired by others, inspire yourself.
Max Weber|Rational conduct on the basis of the idea of calling, was born... from the spirit of Christian asceticism.
Kenan Malik|Morality is the only way of life that guarantees happiness. Whoever doesn't abide by it should never be taken as a role model or mentor, because it's obvious they don't have any positive purpose in life.
Rick Riordan|Question (from a reader) : Will the Wise Goddess Athena overthrow Zeus and become the ruler of Olympus?Athena's answer : What an interesting idea . . . No, just kidding, Dad. Put away the lightning bolt.
Rick Riordan, The Son of Neptune|Her name badge read: Hello! My name is DIE, DEMIGOD SCUM!
Lailah Gifty Akita|You can only write well ,what you have lived.
Randy Pausch|In fact, growing up, I thought there were two types of families:1) Those who need a dictionary to get through dinner.2) Those who don't.We were no. 1. Most every night, we'd end up consulting the dictionary, which we kept on a shelf just six steps from the table. "If you have a question," my folks would say, "then find the answer.
Evan Spiegel|The term 'geek' for me is like you having a passion, interest in something that is unabashed and you don't care if people think it's not cool. You think it's cool and that's your thing.
Steven Magee|Wisdom comes when you realize the pain, people, or problems life used to produce you now push you.
Rachel Cohen, Bernard Berenson: A Life in the Picture Trade|Over the years I have collected so many books that, in aggregate, they can fairly be called a library.I don't know what percentage of them I have read. Increasingly I wonder how many of them I ever will read. This has done nothing to dampen my pleasure in acquiring more books.
Debasish Mridha|A tree is more conscious than we are; she expresses her awareness slowly and silently with beauty. Our consciousness is very limited, but we are blessed with a language to express or superficial consciousness.
Jane Fletcher, The Empress And the Acolyte|Despite the chaos that was tearing her head apart, Tevi understood what scene Yenneg was attempting to play out, with herself as a conscripted actor. She needed to force out an explanation or denial, but no words could get past her lips. Jemeryl's presence was paralysing her, an effect far more irresistible than anything Yenneg had achieved.Tevi watched Jemeryl take another few steps forwards and then crouch down so that their eyes were no more than a foot apart. Tevi thought she would die from the shock. Yet somehow, she forced her mouth to shape the words, "Wine. Love potion."Her voice was not loud enough even to count as a whisper. Certainly nobody else in the room would have heard, yet Tevi could not control her breathing to manage anything else.At first Jemeryl showed no sign of comprehension, but then suddenly, the bewilderment on her face transformed into fury. She leapt up, her arms moving in a blurred aggressive swirl. The gesture ended with an action like hurling a ball. Blue fire erupted from Jemeryl's hands and shot towards Yenneg.The other sorcerer had obviously recognised the gesture and made an effort to protect himself. A shimmering shield sprung up before Yenneg, but it was not strong enough, and the shockwave knocked him off his feet. His shoulders slammed into the wall behind him and he crumpled to the floor. Jemeryl had been telling the truth when she claimed to vastly excel the acolytes in magical ability, not that Tevi had ever entertained doubts. Jemeryl's hands moved again, and this time Yenneg was sprawled on the floor and in no state to mount a defence. A second bolt of blue fire burst in his direction.Lightning in the form of a whip snapped across the room, intercepting Jemeryl's attack before it struck. The diverted fireball hit the wall of the summerhouse two feet from Yenneg's head and smashed through it, as if it were a stone going through wet paper.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Make your book of life a musical. Never abandon obligations, but have fun leaving behind a colorful legacy. Never allow anybody to be the composer of your own destiny. Take control of your life, and never allow limitations implanted by society tell you how your music is supposed to sound — or how your book is supposed to be written.
Craig Ferguson, Between the Bridge and the River|Language is neither reactionary nor progressive; it is quite simply fascist; for fascism does not prevent speech, it compels speech.
J.K. Rowling, Very Good Lives: The Fringe Benefits of Failure and the Importance of Imagination|Hope is the thing that is left to us, in a bad time.
Laurie W.J.N.|Every problem can be solved, you just have to work hard enough, or sometimes be lucky enough to ﬁnd the solution.
Harrish Sairaman|There are no crash courses on ‘enlightenment’, you only crash in a course like that.
Neil Gaiman|She sounds like someone who spends a lot of time in libraries, which are the best sorts of people.
Robert Osborne|I had a public school education - 3,000 kids when I was there. And there were a lot of teachers who would just sit there. You'd come in and sign your name and the teacher would just sit there at the head of the class and you would literally just have to stay in your seat for 40 minutes and that was the only thing you'd have to do in class.
Molly Harper, Nice Girls Don't Have Fangs|Besides, my drinking blood's not nearly as weird as that time I caught you shaving your legs.""I was curious!
Kendrick Lamar|One of the greatest, smartest things I ever did was give my kids Angie as their mom. She is such a great mom. Oh, man, I'm so happy to have her.
William Cobbett|Everyday interactions we have with other people are definitely contagious, in terms of happiness.
Ken Robinson|We have to go from what is essentially an industrial model of education, a manufacturing model, which is based on linearity and conformity and batching people. We have to move to a model that is based more on principles of agriculture. We have to recognize that human flourishing is not a mechanical process; it's an organic process. And you cannot predict the outcome of human development. All you can do, like a farmer, is create the conditions under which they will begin to flourish.
Delano Johnson, Love Quotes|Joys circular fulfillment was so persistent, when I was weak it gave me strength.
Jettie Necole, Ruby|His disheveled appearance could not hide his attractive qualities. And at first sight she could have sworn she'd come upon a character from one of her books¬¬—the gallant prince turned pirate. Perhaps it was his tall, strong form and unshaven face that gave him such a roguish appearance. It also wasn't hard to look into his blue eyes, which peered out from beneath his lengthy wet mop of black hair.
Stephen Richards, Insanity: My Mad Life|Insanity can be a heavy cross to bear; I mean look at all those people in loony bins compared to those that are free and walking the streets – a tiny percentage are classed as mad. The incidence of mental problems amongst people is said to be rising, so what do they go and do, they cut the amount of asylums by half! Whoever makes these decisions has to be a loon and a half!
Helen  Bell, Restoring the Light: Book 2 of the Ilmaen Quartet|To be different is a lonely thing, and she has been lonely for such a long time. What she does frightens people, and she thinks, “Why shouldn't they be frightened? It's not normal: no one else does what I can do.
Donna Tartt, The Secret History|Does such a thing as "the fatal flaw," that showy dark crack running down the middle of a life, exist outside literature?
J.K. Rowling|I have a computer in my brain,' she said.'So while I'm not going to tell you that I am the smartest or, by any means, the most experienced person in this room, I would suggest that no one use my youth to believe that I am ignorant.' " Cinder
Adam Rapp, Punkzilla|Love,JamieP.S. I can't believe you're dying. Please don't die.
William Stafford|I remember as a very young child being warned that libraries and bookstores were quiet places where noise wasn’t allowed. Here was yet another thing the adults had gotten wrong, for these book houses pulsed with sounds; they just weren’t noisy. The books hummed. The collective noise they made was like riding on a large boat where the motor’s steady thrum and tickle vibrated below one’s sneakers, ignorable until you listened, then omnipresent and relentless, the sound that carried you forward. Each book brimmed with noises it wanted to make inside your head the moment you opened it; only the shut covers prevented it from shouting ideas, impulses, proverbs, and plots into that sterile silence.
Richard Feynman|Let's grant that the stars are scattered through space, hither and yon. But how hither, and how yon? To the unaided eye the brightest stars are more than a hundred times brighter than the dimmest. So the dim ones are obviously a hundred times farther away from Earth, aren't they?Nope.That simple argument boldly assumes that all stars are intrinsically equally luminous, automatically making the near ones brighter than the far ones. Stars, however, come in a staggering range of luminosities, spanning ten orders of magnitude ten powers of ten. So the brightest stars are not necessarily the ones closest to Earth. In fact, most of the stars you see in the night sky are of the highly luminous variety, and they lie extraordinarily far away.If most of the stars we see are highly luminous, then surely those stars are common throughout the galaxy.Nope again.High-luminosity stars are the rarest. In any given volume of space, they're outnumbered by the low-luminosity stars a thousand to one. It's the prodigious energy output of high-luminosity stars that enables you to see them across such large volumes of space.
Milan Kundera, The Book of Laughter and Forgetting|The first step in liquidating a people,' said Hubl, 'is to erase its memory. Destroy its books, its culture, its history. Then have somebody write new books, manufacture a new culture, invent a new history. Before long the nation will begin to forget what it is and what it was. The world around it will forget even faster.
Katt Sterling, Burning Infinity|I would rather love and have my heart broken than never have had the feeling of love at all. Without love, what would you live for?
Nawal El Saadawi|My dream is that people will find a way back home, into their bodies, to connect with the earth, to connect with each other, to connect with the poor, to connect with the broken, to connect with the needy, to connect with people calling out all around us, to connect with the beauty, poetry, the wildness.
Plato, Apology|I thought to myself: I am wiser than this man; neither of us probably knows anything that is really good, but he thinks he has knowledge, when he has not, while I, having no knowledge, do not think I have.
Anitra Lynn McLeod, Saving a Fallen Mate|Even now when I'm furious, what I would like to do is to punch the infuriating person flat on the ground. That solves nothing I know, and I spent a lot of time understanding my own violence, which is not of the pussycat kind. There are people who could never commit murder; I am not one of those people. It's better to know it, better to know who you are, and what lies in you, and what you could do, might do, under extreme provocation.
Peter Høeg, Smilla's Sense of Snow|When my mother didn't come back I realized that any moment could be the last. Nothing in life should simply be a passage from one place to another. Each walk should be taken as if it is the only thing you have left. You can demand something like this of yourself as an unattainable ideal. After that, you have to remind yourself about it every time you're sloppy about something. For me that means 250 times a day.
Kelly J. Cogswell, Eating Fire: My Life as a Lesbian Avenger|I've always had a keen sense of history. My father was an antiques dealer and he used to bring home boxes full of treasures, and each item always had a tale attached.
C.J. Redwine, Defiance|So what do you have to confess now?"I don't know why I'm saying any of this, except that is the truth. "I'm confessing that I don't know if I'm ready for this.""What is 'this'?""Being open. Being hurt. Liking. Not being liked. Seeing the flicker on. Seeing the flicker off. Leaping. Falling. Crashing.
Joanne Kraft|If you fall in love with a character, then you are actually falling in love with the author that wrote the character. Therefore, you could conclude that if you are said author, you are in love with yourself.
Greg  Gordon|When you shut down vulnerability, you shut down opportunity
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|What would I do if you never came here?' But I was ALWAYS coming here. I thought about one of my favorite Sufi poems, which says that God long ago drew a circle in the sand exactly around the spot where you are standing right now. I was never not coming here. This was never not going to happen.
Christina Rossetti, Complete Poems|Shamed and enraged, I sit by the side of the road and cry.Eclipsed by a sense of disgrace, my emotions feel momentarily stifled and disconnected. Instead of anger, I feel dishonored and exposed. I cannot even formulate my thoughts, much less speak them. My integrity and humility have been violated. I have only my own indignation to spur me on.
Alain de Botton|There are repercussions to everything, even advancement and success. And I think that the repercussions to my success was the loss of my marriage.
Voltairine de Cleyre|I die, as I have lived, a free spirit, an Anarchist, owing no allegiance to rulers, heavenly or earthly.
Peter F. Drucker, Management: Tasks, Responsibilities, Practices|If you are not making the progress that you would like to make and are capable of making, it is simply because your goals are not clearly defined.
Charles Dance|The way you speak should not determine your intelligence. I should be able to say 'lit,' and you still know I'm intelligent. I should be able to say 'turn up,' and that doesn't take away from my intelligence. I wanted to break down that stereotype a little bit.
Ben Shapiro|Wars are not paid for in wartime, the bill comes later.
Robert Burns|Wee, sleekit, cowrin, tim'rous beastie,O, what a panic's in thy breastie! 
Theodore Sturgeon, More Than Human|I wake to sleep, and take my waking slow.
Jonathan Rosen, Eve's Apple|Most people don't want to die, but they don't want to live either. I am speaking about men now as much as women. They look for a third way, but there is no third way.
Daisy Whitney|…if you have someone who wants to heal, sometime they will respond to the unconventional. Their minds are more open to healing, so their bodies become more willing too. I believe that medication, while a wonderful thing, has its limits. That there are answers to be found in the unconventional.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|I have come to believe that our innate purpose is nothing more than to be the greatest version of ourselves. It is a process of refinement, improvement, and enhancement. When you are aligned with this process and living your purpose, you have the potential of creating something amazing.
Naomi Wood, Mrs. Hemingway|Ernest chose to go, she finally thinks, watching the fire turn the papers black. He loved her but he could not live anymore.
Timothy Snyder, On Tyranny: Twenty Lessons from the Twentieth Century|And yet it was a fact that if Syme grasped, even for three seconds, the nature of his, Winston's, secret opinions, he would betray him instantly to the Thought Police. So would anybody else for that matter: but Syme more than most. Zeal was not enough. Orthodoxy was unconsciousness.
Bentley Little, The Haunted|Would to Heaven we had never approached them at all, but had run back at top speed out of that blasphemous tunnel with the greasily smooth floors and the degenerate murals aping and mocking the things they had superseded-run back, before we had seen what we did see, and before our minds were burned with something which will never let us breathe easily again!
Neelam Saxena Chandra|The bird of hope singsPerched on the branches of twilight;Never grieve for anythingFor, the day always follows the night!
Andy Andrews, The Noticer: Sometimes, All a Person Needs Is a Little Perspective|Remember, young man, experience is not the best teacher. Other people's experience is the best teacher. By reading about the lives of great people, you can unlock the secrets to what made them great.
Vanessa Vescera, Le parole di una Rosa|Avrei voluto entrargli nei pensieri, scivolare lenta sotto i suoi silenzi e perdermi nel suo mondo.
Jill Scott|Men speak of natural rights, but I challenge any one to show where in nature any rights existed or were recognized until there was established for their declaration and protection a duly promulgated body of corresponding laws.
Christina Harlin, Deck of Cards|I am a woman of very few layers, and most of them are selfish and mean. My parents tried to make me a good girl, but I just wasn’t having it.
Joseph B. Wirthlin|To insure the adoration of a theorem for any length of time, faith is not enough, a police force is needed as well.
Bruno Latour|Some day science may have the existence of mankind in power, and the human race can commit suicide by blowing up the world.
Lena Dunham, Not That Kind of Girl: A Young Woman Tells You What She's "Learned"|For he, who has never sailed through storms, can never trust sailors of such ships.
Zoe Kravitz|If you love someone, set them free. If they come back they're yours; if they don't they never were.
Russell H. Conwell|Let every man or woman here, if you never hear me again, remember this, that if you wish to be great at all, you must begin where you are and with what you are, in Philadelphia, now.
Thomas Carlyle|All things are artificial, for nature is the art of God.
Moira Young, Rebel Heart|This might not mean much to you right now, but fer what it's worth, I'll tell you. Maybe I know better'n most. Life ain't black an white. People ain't neether. Family, friends, lovers. It's all a lot more complicated. The longer I live, the more I see, the less I know fer sure. Especially when it comes to matters of the heart. So dry yer tears. Whoever he is, he won't be cryin over you. Men never do. That's the one thing I do know fer sure. Now, muck up them boots a bit.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Uncommon Appeal of Clouds|An extreme case of the distortion of the memory of a committed guilty act is found in its suppression. Here, too, the borderline between good and bad faith can be vague; behind the "I don't know" and "I do not remember" that one hears in courtrooms there is sometimes the precise intent to lie, but at other times it is a fossilized lie, rigidified in a formula.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|When we are true to ourselves, all that is toxic and burdensome simply falls away
Ellen Ullman|I don't know where anyone ever got the idea that technology, in and of itself, was a savior. Like all human-created 'progress,' computers are problematic, giving and taking away.
Louis L'Amour, The Lonesome Gods|This metropolitan world, then, is a world where flesh and blood is less real than paper and ink and celluloid. It is a world where the great masses of people, unable to have direct contact with more satisfying means of living, take life vicariously, as readers, spectators, passive observers: a world where people watch shadow-heroes and heroines in order to forget their own clumsiness or coldness in love, where they behold brutal men crushing out life in a strike riot, a wrestling ring or a military assault, while they lack the nerve even to resist the petty tyranny of their immediate boss: where they hysterically cheer the flag of their political state, and in their neighborhood, their trades union, their church, fail to perform the most elementary duties of citizenship.Living thus, year in and year out, at second hand, remote from the nature that is outside them and no less remote from the nature within, handicapped as lovers and as parents by the routine of the metropolis and by the constant specter of insecurity and death that hovers over its bold towers and shadowed streets - living thus the mass of inhabitants remain in a state bordering on the pathological. They become victims of phantasms, fears, obsessions, which bind them to ancestral patterns of behavior.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Princess|I thought perhaps that when you told me you did not love me that my own feelings would fall away and atrophy, but they have not. They have grown every day. I love you now more desperately, this moment, than I have ever loved you before, and in an hour I will love you more than that
Mike Dsane|Spontaneities offer one kind of pleasure and taste of sanctity, repetitions another equally pleasurable and holy.
Stefan Molyneux|The three most important words in a relationship are not, 'I love you,' but, 'Tell me more.
Israelmore Ayivor, 101 Keys To Everyday Passion|Success if yours. Ask for it, stand for it, fight for it and go for it. After you are done, give thanks for it.
Marc Levinson, The Great A&P and the Struggle for Small Business in America|How little one is justified in speaking in this connection of "optimism" and "pessimism" and how much the characterization of liberalism as "optimistic" aims at surrounding it with an unfavorable aura by bringing in extrascientific, emotional considerations is best shown by the fact that one can, with as much justice, call those people "optimists" who are convinced that the construction of a socialist or of an interventionist commonwealth would be practicable. Most of the writers who concern themselves with economic questions never miss an opportunity to heap senseless and childish abuse on the capitalist system and to praise in enthusiastic terms either socialism or inter ventionism, or even agrarian socialism and syndicalism, as excellent institutions.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|People who exude genuine charm & charisma seem to possess a heightened sensitivity to the feelings of others—delivering gentle manners, gracious compliments, and sincere interest.
Gary Patton|Any serious reading of the Bible means personal involvement in it, not symbol mental agreement with abstract propositions. And involvement is dangerous, because it leaves one open to unforeseen conclusions.
Danielle Trussoni, Angelology|Finally (Evangeline) whispered, "I wish that I had been more prepared.""We prepare all of our lives for such moments," Dr. Raphael said, crossing his arms and looking at me with a critical gaze. "When the time comes, we can only expect that we have learned enough to succeed.
Frances Mayes, Swan|It was no accident that the beau ideal of his (John Adams') political philosophy was balance, since he projected onto the world the conflicting passions he felt inside himself and regarded government as the balancing mechanism that prevented those factions and furies from spending out of control.
Pippa DaCosta, Girl From Above: Trust|You’re not going to fight me, Captain. This is the right call. You know it.”She marched me off the bridge and into the brilliant white passageway. “You think I’m just going to trust you’ll let me go?” I asked, getting a painful nudge in the back.“You don’t have a choice.” She was right about that. “Relax. I got your back, Cale.”“You’ve got a pistol in my back is what you’ve got.”“Just like old times.”Trust her? Well, shit.
Noah Baumbach|I've had an experience through music that has touched almost every part of me. It educated me in ways that I didn't get educated in school. So we try to lay on a bit of that, through being funny, being serious, playing hard.
Jess C. Scott, Blind Leading Another|It's weird, marriage. It's like this license that gives a person the legal right to control their spouse / their 'other half.
Lorrie Moore|I guess I could drive myself crazy trying to figure out why he left me but I can’t, all I can do is move on, Parisa replied, the words came out smoother and easier than she expected.
Santosh Adbhut Kumar|Technical expertise is only a tiny portion of what it takes to be a successful employee and, particularly, a successful leader.
Alecia Whitaker, Wildflower|Mother Maybelle, have mercy, we've just been discovered.
Snow Patrol|The book was turned to the page with Anne Frank's name, but what got me about it was the fact that right beneath her name there were four Aron Franks. FOUR. Four Aron Franks without museums, without historical markers, without anyone to mourn them. I silently resolved to remember and pray for the four Aron Franks as long as I was around.
Josh Bezoni|Once the body has atrophied, you will become vulnerable to many conditions.
Randall Munroe|The role of gender in society is the most complicated thing I’ve ever spent a lot of time learning about, and I’ve spent a lot of time learning about quantum mechanics.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Some wear greed as a fine suit of clothes. But you, my son, bear its stamp ever more poorly.
Harry A. Blackmun|Young men in my day really stepped up... These were champions for freedom, equality, and justice for all human beings, and they were educated individuals that used their education and knowledge to represent their case.
Ashtavakra Gita|Desire and anger are objects of the mind, but the mind is not yours, nor ever has been. You are choiceless, awareness itself and unchanging - so live happily.
L.J. Vanier, Ether: Into the Nemesis|No pressure, Jack. All we need is a miracle.
Idris Elba|I think my printing to this day looks like the printing right out of a comic book. Actually, I always wanted to be in a comic book. I watched cartoons when I was a kid, too, and both comics and cartoons lit fire in my imagination. This realm holds a lot of interest for me, a lot of passion for me. So to be comic-ized, yeah, that's cool.
R.A. Salvatore, The Stowaway|Day, the champion of the people, the one who can't bear to see those around him suffer on his behalf, who would gladly give his life for those he loves.
Deyth Banger|So if you post it, you are awesome and "wow" and so on and so on. But if I post it as a first... nothing --- wtf???
Nikki Rowe|It's life, it's happening to you right now, what are going to do with your time here? Are you going to help people? are you going to chase your career, start a family or buy many properties; independently? Whatever it is, make a choice and do something with it - one thing is certain, most people die living their life, never a day before or after, only when their truly experiencing. That could be tomorrow, would you be proud of everything you became and achieved? If not, now is your second chance.
Ivan Turgenev, Don Quixote|One day people will come back. they won't be able to help themselves. People need music and dance and beautiful things. They forget sometimes, but not forever. You'll see. One day, this will be a magical place again. With music and dance and good times and people celebrating.
Abhysheq Shukla, KISS Life  "Life is what you make it"|If you are depressed, you are living in the past. If you are anxious, you are living in the future. If you are at peace, you are living in the present.
Katie Cotugno, How to Love|It was really over, I thought. There was no way to go back, to make it stay. There was never that.
Darrell Calkins|Accurately perceiving and following one’s intuition is, I think, the essential human spiritual process. The distractions, confusion, misinterpretations and temptations that oppose that process are enormous. At the same time, there are always clues for how to go about it. The divine is a mystery, so the impulse to really discover, like a child, has to be the core response to anything; that’s the only way beyond the habits, presumptions and prejudices that feed ignorance and fear. To question well, instead of hiding behind a belief or answer, requires the application of the most valued of all human qualities, such as compassion, courage, imagination, respect, humility, devotion, and ultimately love of life itself.This kind of passionate questing is evident in the most admired and, if you will, divine individuals in every culture, religion, and skill throughout history.
Junot Díaz, This Is How You Lose Her|Before we even swung onto 516 Nilda was in my brother's lap and he had his hand so far up her skirt it looked like he was performing a surgical procedure. When we were getting off the bus Rafa pulled me aside and held his hand in front of my nose. Smell this, he said. This is what's wrong with women.
Miriam Defensor-Santiago|The people are the government, administering it by their agents; they are the government, the sovereign power.
Anne Rainey, So Sensitive|You know, typically a nickname is shorter than the given name.”“Is it?” he asked in mock seriousness. “Oh. Well, tell you what, you can call me…”She waited several beats, thinking of more than a few unkind examples. “I can call you what?” she finally asked.“That’s it.” He shot her his bone-melting smile. “You can just call me. Anytime.”She rolled her eyes, refusing to give in to the smile that threatened. “That sounds like a line from one of your movies.”He shot her a triumphant look. “Ah, ha! I knew you were a fan.
Bryan Ferry|Loneliness is a crowded room,Full of open hearts turned to stone,All together all alone
Neil Gaiman, Fragile Things: Short Fictions and Wonders|The young man shivered. He rolled the stock themes of fantasy over in his mind: cars and stockbrokers and commuters, housewives and police, agony columns and commercials for soap, income tax and cheap restaurants, magazines and credit cards and streetlights and computers... 'It is escapism, true,' he said, aloud. 'But is not the highest impulse in mankind the urge toward freedom, the drive to escape?
Nick Cave|I'm not saying the whole world will work this way, but with Airbnb, people are sleeping in other people's homes and other people's beds. So there's a level of trust necessary to participate that's different from an eBay or Facebook.
|Give today the gifts of creativity and productivity, and it would reward you with a better tomorrow.
Rhonda Byrne, How The Secret Changed My Life: Real People. Real Stories.|It's never too late to change anything or everything; there is no point that is too low to come back from. There is no opportunity that is lost. And the great news is that it's not the world you need change. Just change the way you think, change the way you feel, and the world as you know it will change before your eyes.
Kevin Richardson|It is hardly an exaggeration to say that oral teachers and sign teachers found it difficult to sit down in the same room without quarreling, and there was intolerance upon both sides. To say 'oral method' to a sign teacher was like waving a red flag in the face of a bull, and to say 'sign language' to an oralist aroused the deepest resentment.
Théophile Gautier, Clarimonde|I have kept thee long in waiting, dear Romuald, and thou mayst well have thought that I had forgotten thee. But I have come from a long distance and from a place from which no one has ever before returned; there is neither moon nor sun in the country from which I come; there is naught but space and shadow; neither road nor path; no ground for the foot, no air for the wing; and yet here I am, for love is stronger than death, and it will end by vanquishing it. Ah! what gloomy faces and what terrible things I have seen in my journeying! What a world of trouble my soul, returned to this earth by the power of my will, has had in finding its body and reinstating itself therein! What mighty efforts I had to put forth before I could raise the stone with which they had covered me! See! the palms of my poor hands are all blistered from it. Kiss them to make them well, dear love!
Julia Cameron|The future of Conservatism lies in our beliefs and values, not by throwing them away. We need to shed associations that bind us to past failures, but hold faith with those things that make us Conservatives.
Martin Guevara Urbina, Latino Access to Higher Education: Ethnic Realitites and New Directions for the Twenty-first Century|Reflective learning provokes critical thinking, enabling us to pose relevant questions, revealing the profound oceans of ignorance that surround even the most learned scholars in our fields of modern knowledge, invoking us to be active participants in the crusade for equality, representation, and social justice.
Christopher Golden, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Vol. 2|We're all leaving now", Blue Eyes whispered to her. "Together. Out the front door. Scream, and we'll kill you here and now."Or later", Willow suggested nervously. "Later would be a big improvement on that idea. We could meet back here in, say, an hour, and you can exhibit your homicidal tendencies then, okay? That would be way better for us.
Paula S. Rothenberg, Race, Class, and Gender in the United States 5e & Pocket Style Manual 3e 01 Upd: An Integrated Study|Someone can tell you all your life that you’re inferior, but it doesn’t matter until you accept it and allow for validation. Once validation takes place, it’s then that the colonial malaise sets in like smallpox.
Paolo Bacigalupi, The Drowned Cities|...I can’t stop squirming. If fidgets were Wikipedia edits, I would have completely revamped the entry on guilt by now, and translated it into five new languages.
Bruce Lee|Knowing is not enough, we must apply. Willing is not enough, we must do.
John Milius|All the children of the great men in Persia are brought up at court, where they have an opportunity of learning great modesty, and where nothing immodest is ever heard or seen.
Dorothy Day|If you suppress grief too much, it can well redouble.
Laura Bickle|There was a difference, I had decided, between knowing and believing. And I wanted both.
Akshay Vasu|Have you ever sat on a window seat in the train of your memories while it's raining heavily? Rain has this ridiculous power of waking up all the angels and demons inside us at once doesn't it?. All of a sudden there is a war inside us between both the sides. We can do nothing but clench our fists and watch our train derail and take a path we have never come across before. All we know at that point of time is that we are going to crash somewhere. Either our demons win or the angels, we are going to get wounded somewhere.
Mike  Norton, Just Another War Story|The bittersweet about truth is that nothing could be more hurtful, yet nothing could be more helpful.
Holly Hurd, Venture Mom: From Idea to Income in Just 12 Weeks|I had a vision and made it happen.- Christina Lari, Olivia & Owen
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes|As a rule, the more bizarre a thing is the less mysterious it proves to be. It is your commonplace, featureless crimes which are really puzzling, just as a commonplace face is the most difficult to identify.
John Quincy Adams|No one knows, and few conceive, the agony of mind that I have suffered from the time that I was made by circumstances, and not by my volition, a candidate for the Presidency till I was dismissed from that station by the failure of my election.
Domonique Bertolucci, The Happiness Code: Ten Keys to Being the Best You Can Be|True happiness is a state of being,not one of doing or having.
Stanley Kunitz|Toward dawn we shared with youyour hour of desolation,the huge lingering passionof your unearthly out cry,as you swung your blind headtowards us and laboriously openeda bloodshot, glistening eye,in which we swam with terror and recognition.
Sarah-Kate Lynch, On Top of Everything|Most emotional and physical symptoms of stress and depression are not typically caused by the circumstances themselves, but instead by how our minds perceive what is going on and how our hearts hold up under the pressure.
Georgia Kakalopoulou, Θεοί και φύλακες|I won't leave you. If you're in danger, then I should be with you. I won't let you risk your life alone. We're in this together, remember? That's what you told me when we ran away.
Avina Celeste|Everything you do has an effect on your life. It may be positive or negative. If you do positive things in your life, your life will give you positive experiences. If you live a negative life, it is a sign that you must change your actions in the day. Act more positively and your life will be more positive.
Florence Welch|The sun is up, the sky is blueIt's beautiful, and so are you
Vironika Tugaleva|Your pain is trying to tell you something. It is not an accident, a curse, or an inconvenience. Pain is a form of self-communication.
James Carlos Blake|People generally don’t suffer high rates of PTSD after natural disasters. Instead, people suffer from PTSD after moral atrocities. Soldiers who’ve endured the depraved world of combat experience their own symptoms. Trauma is an expulsive cataclysm of the soul.The Moral Injury, New York Times. Feb 17, 2015
Charles Frazier, Cold Mountain|He tried to name which of the deadly seven might apply, and when he failed he decided to append an eighth, regret.
C.S. Lewis, Miracles|For this reason, the question whether miracles occur can never be answered simply by experience. Every event which might claim to be a miracle is, in the last resort, something presented to our senses, something seen, heard, touched, smelled or tasted. And our senses are not infallible. If anything extraordinary seems to have happened, we can always say that we have been the victims of an illusion. If we hold a philosophy which excludes the supernatural, this is what we always shall say. What we learn from experience depends on the kind of philosophy we bring to experience. It is therefore useless to appeal to experience before we have settled, as well as we can, the philosophical question.
Michelle Hodkin, The Unbecoming of Mara Dyer|You smell good," he whispered into my neck. He was warm against me. Instinctively, I arched back into him and smiled.  "Really?" "Mmm-hmm. Delicious. Like bacon.
Edward O. Wilson|The predisposition to religious belief is an ineradicable part of human behavior. Mankind has produced 100,000 religions. It is an illusion to think that scientific humanism and learning will dispel religious belief. Men would rather believe than know... A kind of Darwinistic survival of the fittest has occurred with religions... The ecological principle called Gause's law holds that competition is maximal between species with identical needs... Even submission to secular religions such as Communism and guru cults involve willing subordination of the individual to the group. Religious practices confer biological advantage. The mechanisms of religion include (1) objectification (the reduction of reality to images and definitions that are easily understood and cannot be refuted), (2) commitment through faith (a kind of tribalism enacted through self-surrender), (3) and myth (the narratives that explain the tribe's favored position on the earth, often incorporating supernatural forces struggling for control, apocalypse, and millennium).
Kelly Creagh, Enshadowed|Today, a couple with 'just married' tags collided head-on with a hearse carrying two coffins in the back, both of a married couple that had previouslydied in a car accident.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Wampeters, Foma and Granfalloons|Nobody dares to solve the problems-because the solution might contradict your philosophy, and for most people clinging to beliefs is more important than succeeding in the world.
Ash Shamrock|A place, where i can do anything.... is called dream.
A.J. Waines, Girl on a Train|...We were pulling into the next station, when the woman suddenly got to her feet and made a move to squeeze past me. As her knees made contact with mine, she turned towards me. Her eyes locked straight onto mine, her eyelids pinned back, with a look I could only describe as sheer dread. In the next second, deep tram-lines formed between her eyebrows and her expression shifted. It was as if she was silently imploring me, entreating me. To do what? I had no idea. I was immobile, her gaze pressing me into my seat by some centrifugal force and I held her stare, unsure of how to react. Just as swiftly, she dropped her eyes and the moment passed. With one final glance behind her, she was swallowed up in the bodies at the door. She was getting off. Something wasn’t right.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|Editors can be stupid at times. They just ignore that author’s intention. I always try to read unabridged editions, so much is lost with cut versions of classic literature, even movies don’t make sense when they are edited too much. I love the longueurs of a book even if they seem pointless because you can get a peek into the author’s mind, a glimpse of their creative soul. I mean, how would people like it if editors came along and said to an artist, ‘Whoops, you left just a tad too much space around that lily pad there, lets crop that a bit, shall we?’. Monet would be ripping his hair out.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|When you have wit of your own, it's a pleasure to credit other people for theirs.
Richard Branson|The longer you hang in there, the greater the chance that something will happen in your favor. No matter how hard it seems, the longer you persist, the more likely your success.
H.G. Wells, When the Sleeper Wakes|Salvation lies not in the faithfulness to forms, but in the liberation from them.
Neil S. Plakcy, Mahu|I'm going to marry him. And if he thinks he can get divorced and married every two or three years in the approved Hollywood fashion, well, he never made a bigger mistake in his life. He's going to marry and stick to me.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|Those who haven't been exposed to the hypocrisies of a civilized education react to things 'naturally', as they happen. It is in the here and now that they are either happy or unhappy, joyful or sad, interested or indifferent.
Ayn Rand|Economic power is exercised by means of a positive, by offering men a reward, an incentive, a payment, a value; political power is exercised by means of a negative, by the threat of punishment, injury, imprisonment, destruction. The businessman's tool is values; the bureaucrat's tool is fear.
Erik Pevernagie|You might, without my crediting it, fall deeply in love and forever, with some warped hunchback whelped in the gutter. I should equally stop you from taking him.
Aimee Bender, The Particular Sadness of Lemon Cake|The power of the deductive network produced in physics has been illustrated in a delightful article by Victor F. Weisskopf. He begins by taking the magnitudes of six physical constants known by measurement: the mass of the proton, the mass and electric charge of the electron, the light velocity, Newton's gravitational constant, and the quantum of action of Planck. He adds three of four fundamental laws (e.g., de Broglie's relations connecting particle momentum and particle energy with the wavelength and frequency, and the Pauli exclusion principle), and shows that one can then derive a host of different, apparently quite unconnected, facts that happen to be known to us by observation separately ....
Paul  Lockhart, A Mathematician's Lament: How School Cheats Us Out of Our Most Fascinating and Imaginative Art Form|... This is a major theme in mathematics: things are what you want them to be. You have endless choices; there is no reality to get in your way.On the other hand, once you have made your choices then your new creations do what they do, whether you like it or not. This is the amazing thing about making imaginary patterns: they talk back!
William Shatner|When I work, a lot of times I have to lose weight, and I do that, but in my regular life I was not eating right, and I was not getting enough exercise. But by the nature of my diet and that lifestyle - boom! The end result was high blood sugars that reach the levels where it becomes Type 2 diabetes. I share that with a gajillion other people.
Niccolo Machiavelli|Were I called on to define, very briefly, the term Art, I should call it 'the reproduction of what the Senses perceive in Nature through the veil of the soul.' The mere imitation, however accurate, of what is in Nature, entitles no man to the sacred name of 'Artist.'
Aaron Staton|I think funny is just the foundation. I don't really think, to some extent, funny is the absolute most important thing. It should also communicate some idea through the medium of cartooning. Just to be funny is... You know what, the things that you laugh hardest at aren't cartoons.
Oswald Chambers|Something more terrible than a hell where one suffers may be imagined, and that is a hell where one is bored.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|If I only had a little humility, I would be perfect.
Brownell Landrum, A Chorus of Voices: DUET stories Volume III - Adult Version|It is the nature of human beings to want, to desire.
Helen Oyeyemi|With the other fellow actors who have gone astray, I think it's sad that society wants to label the business as doing this to people. It's really not true.
