Darrel Ray, Sex & God: How Religion Distorts Sexuality|Human brains have three layers of programming. Each layer adds a twist or turn to sexual preferences and tendencies. The first layer is genetic progamming from the inherited genes. The second involves environmental influences that impact genes and their expression. The third level deals with the way we "fill in the blanks" as social and cultural beings. This level can become a feedback loop that influences the inherited genes by influencing with whom we choose to have sex.
Mark A. Cooper, Royal Decree|Is this about what happened to you and the old Sector 7?” I asked with a growl of my own.His hands tightened their grip on my shoulders. “How did you know about that?” “Tabby-Chan told me.”“Freaking Meko-Chan,” Kuroi uttered, “I swear, that kid is gonna get it. What did she tell you, exactly?”“She told me not to tell you that she told me what you told her.” I realized what I said. “Oops.” ~Luna's POV, Clash of the Clans: Shinobi 7 Companion Book #1
Ana Tejano, Keep the Faith|The grace is not about forgetting, but knowing you can start anew.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When God speaks about equity, that choice of word, makes us understand that God is not referring to the leaders of the land or the elite this time around. He is actually talking about how ordinary citizens of the land relate to each other in fairness and impartiality.
Donna Donnelly|Sometimes, it feels like we will stop breathing when we are forced to let go. Like the very oxygen that lifted us up has brought us down again. The days drag on and your heart barely beats. Sadness fills your days and hardly a smile comes to your face.Then, all of a sudden, you gasp as if you have just reemerged from almost drowning. You draw in a breath from deep down inside of you and you begin to slowly live again.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Bluebeard|If your regime is not strong enough to handle a joke, then you﻿ have no regime.
John Berger, Ways of Seeing|The relation between what we see and what we know is never settled. Each evening we see the sun set. We know that the earth is turning away from it. Yet the knowledge, the explanation, never quite fits the sight.
James Castleton, MD, Mending of a Broken Heart|Happiness is the sense that my life is good because my biological needs are being met. Meaning is the sense that my life is significant because it has met the needs of another. Happiness bestows the feeling that I am whole. Meaning bestows the feeling that I matter and am valued. Happiness is an event, and meaning is a state. Happiness is the means to an end; meaning is an end in itself. Happiness fades; meaning accumulates.
Mark Strand, Blizzard of One|...Then a man turnedAnd said to me: "Although I love the past, the dark of it,The weight of it teaching us nothing, the loss of it, the allOf it asking for nothing, I will love the twenty-first century more...
Sonya Withrow|Kindness is not random, it is done on purpose
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|If our future generations were much wilier than us,then it might be them who have led us all this time,to make decisions which fit to their pre-existence,left us live in the world of uncertainty or by faith.
Margaret Craven, I Heard the Owl Call My Name|For me it has always been easier here, where only the fundamentals count, to learn what every man must learn in this world.""And that, my lord?""Enough of the meaning of life to be ready to die.
Walaa WalkademAgmal|Any files I give to the model are downsized (typically 800x1200 pixels)... By not giving out my high resolution files, they cannot be used without my knowledge.
George Miller|A new adaptation of Jane Eyre came out every year, and every year it was exactly the same. An unknown actress would play Jane, and she was usually prettier than she should have been. A very handsome, very brooding, very 'ooh-la-la' man would play Rochester, and Judi Dench would play everyone else.
Lionel Suggs|Teach honesty by all means - you do know what it is, don't you?
William C. Hannan|There is something I just realizedThat I never knew before.I can't explain the reasons,But I know that I want more.
Anthony Liccione|Life has its enigmatic events, that can make it a mystery, or my misery. It all depends on how I view it.
Cybill Cain, Poker Face|I shifted in my seat, curious about the tension that idea caused in my body. Every time I thought of a blindfolded restrained man exploring my body I pressed my thighs together seeking relief. I felt I should have been more concerned about losing my ability to speak from the ball gag, but instead it was a relief. I was terrible at talking to people, this eliminated awkward small talk, and shifted the dynamic of the meeting in a way I didn’t quite understand.
Terry Mancour, Court Wizard|I know, ” she said, flatly. “Antimei warned me that you would ‘transform’ me. I was hoping it would be into a frog, or a racquiel, or perhaps a bear -- I’ve always wanted to be a bear! Not a ‘proper young lady’!” she said, bitterly.
Jacqueline Winspear, Messenger of Truth|With a true masterpiece, there are no words required. Discourse is rendered redundant. That's why the work of a master transcends all notions of education, of class. It rises above the onlooker's understanding of what is considered good or bad, or right or wrong in the world of art. With the artist who has achieved mastery, skill, experience and knowledge are transparent, leaving only the message for all to see.
Ally Carter, Heist Society|He ignored me, thank God, saying to Kat, "Let go of Frosty's leash. You're choking the life out of him."  Kat's eyes narrowed to tiny slits, a sure sign of her aggression. "He deserves to choke. He didn't keep little frosty in his pants this summer." the words snapped like a whip. "He did." Cole snapped back with unwavering confidence."Not.""Did.""Not!""Did,""Not, not, not!" she shouted with a stomp of her foot."What are we five?" Cole said."Six.
Duane Hewitt|I’m not afraid of death, just of dying.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Faust, Part One|Wild dreams torment me as I lie. And though a god lives in my heart, though all my power waken at his word, though he can move my every inmost part - yet nothing in the outer world is stirred. thus by existence tortured and oppressed I crave for death, I long for rest.
Terry Pratchett, The Last Continent|Creators aren't gods. They make places, which is quite hard. It's men that make gods. This explains a lot.
Robert Lynn Asprin, Myth Directions|We've got an unbeatable team."- Sauron
Jay Parini|I never really liked poetry readings; I liked to read poetry by myself, but I liked singing, chanting my lyrics to this jazz group.
Raymond Chandler, The High Window|Until you guys own your own souls you don't own mine. Until you guys can be trusted every time and always, in all times and conditions, to seek the truth out and find it and let the chips fall where they may—until that time comes, I have the right to listen to my conscience, and protect my client the best way I can. Until I'm sure you won't do him more harm than you'll do the truth good. Or until I'm hauled before somebody that can make me talk.
Ellen J. Barrier|We are the children of one creator. We are different in some ways. Yet, we are equal.
Herb Brooks|I've always said that one night, I'm going to find myself in some field somewhere, I'm standing on grass, and it's raining, and I'm with the person I love, and I know I'm at the very point I've been dreaming of getting to.
Shannon L. Alder|Evolving is not arrogance. It is confidence that won't be pulled backwards, by those that feel left behind.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|oh well, is it hurting anyone? Because if its not and you’ve been given it, I’d as soon stop calling it a thing and start referring to it as a gift.
Lailah Gifty Akita|When you walk in the light, all the darkness around you shall disappear.
Richard L.  Ratliff|Do your thoughts continue and repeat a cycle Seed, growth, bloom, and seed again
James Henley Thornwell, The Life and Letters of James Henley Thornwell, D.D., LL.D; Ex-President of the South Carolina College, Late Professor of Theology in the Theological|The concern of the scholar is primarily with what the text meant; the concern of the layperson is usually with what it means. The believing scholar insists that we must have both. Reading the Bible with an eye only to its meaning for us can lead to a great deal of nonsense as well as to every imaginable kind of error—because it lacks controls. Fortunately, most believers are blessed with at least a measure of that most important of all hermeneutical skills—common sense.
Josh Hatcher, Manlihood: The 12 Pillars of Masculinity|I think Nesta feels everything— sees too much; sees and feels it all. And she burns with it. Keeping that wall up helps from being overwhelmed, from caring too greatly.
Rob Liano|If you have to repeatedly chase after someone when you have a great opportunity, don't bother, if they aren't responsive, they aren't the type of person who'll succeed at it anyway.
Kiera Cass, The Heir|Two of them have asked in the most circumspect and quiet ways possible if there was a chance that you prefer women.”I let out a sound that wasn’t quite a laugh. “Of course, because the only way I could possibly like men is if I bowed down at their feet?
Hunter Hayes|To not be self-conscious of your appearance is huge, and something that I desperately hope to carry into film at some point in my useless life - to not be thinking, 'My ear looks weird from this angle, why is the camera over there?'
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Regardless of your chosen faith, at the end of your life's journey, your heart will be measured in two ways. One, the weight of your conscience must far outweigh the weight of a feather. Two, any impurities in your heart must weigh no more than one feather. The purer your heart, the lighter your spirit will be. The lighter your spirit, the closer to light it will float. The closer to light it is permitted to go, the higher it will float. The higher it floats, the closer to God you will be. Heaven has seven layers. The vibrations of your good deeds, which will be reflected by the weight of your conscience and the purity of your heart, will determine the layer in which your soul will reside. Your goal is to make your heart as light as a feather. The heavier the heart, the more chained to this hell it will remain.
Ernest L. Boyer|Art is humanity's most essential, most universal language. It is not a frill, but a necessary part of communication.
Mark Haddon|Appalling things can happen to children. And even a happy childhood is filled with sadnesses. Is there any other period in your life when you hate your best friend on Monday and love them again on Tuesday? But at eight, 10, 12, you don't realise you're going to die. There is always the possibility of escape. There is always somewhere else and far away, a fact I had never really appreciated until I read Gitta Sereny's profoundly unsettling Cries Unheard about child-killer Mary Bell.At 20, 25, 30, we begin to realise that the possibilities of escape are getting fewer. We begin to picture a time when there will no longer be somewhere else and far away. We have jobs, children, partners, debts, responsibilities. And if many of these things enrich our lives immeasurably, those shrinking limits are something we all have to come to terms with.This, I think, is the part of us to which literary fiction speaks.
Roger Ebert|You're afraid of criticism,' she says. 'But criticism is a sign of life! You know who doesn't get criticized? Nonentities! Only the dead escape criticism.
Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera|But in her loneliness in the palace she learned to know him, they learned to know each other, and she discovered with great delight that one does not love one’s children just because they are one’s children but because of the friendship formed while raising them.
DaShanne Stokes|If you love your country, you must be willing to defend it from fraud, bigotry, and recklessness--even from a president.
Deyth Banger|When a confident woman allows you to take over the care of her, you’re both elevated to a higher level.
Jaci Burton, Playing to Win|I feel that all knowledge should be in the free-trade zone. Your knowledge, my knowledge, everybody's knowledge should be made use of. I think people who refuse to use other people's knowledge are making a big mistake. Those who refuse to share their knowledge with other people are making a great mistake, because we need it all. I don't have any problem about ideas I got from other people. If I find them useful, I'll just ease them right in and make them my own.
Donna Lynn Hope|Thank you leaf blowers, for making me look like the world's lamest Ghostbuster. I ain't afraid of no leaves.
Friedrich Durrenmatt|Don't be afraid to feel as angry or as loving as you can, because when you feel nothing, it's just death.
Theodor W. Adorno, Max Horkheimer, Dialectic of Enlightenment: Philosophical Fragments|no matter how long you live, no matter how mature or philosophical you may grow to be, almost all sudden enlightenment will feel precisely this way, like a boot in the stomach, like acid on your tongue, and the sooner you accept this the better off you’ll be.
Nicole Krauss, Great House|I read differently now, more painstakingly, knowing I am probably revisiting the books I love for the last time. (245)
Walt Disney Company|If you can dream it, you can do it.
Brandon Mull, Grip of the Shadow Plague|When jumping is the sole option, you jump, and try to make it work.
Banana Yoshimoto, The Lake|...He had few illusions, for here are some of the things that life had taught him: "Men hate those whom they have injured; men love those whom they have benefited; men naturally avoid their benefactors; men are universally actuated by self-interest; gratitude is a lovely sense of expected benefits; promises are never forgotten by those to whom they are made, usually by those who make them.
Martin Luther|The devil, the originator of sorrowful anxieties and restless troubles, flees before the sound of music almost as much as before the Word of God....Music is a gift and grace of God, not an invention of men. Thus it drives out the devil and makes people cheerful. Then one forgets all wrath, impurity, and other devices.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Lord of the Rings|To everyone who kept staring at the horizon, it always seemed like the earth and sky met and kissed each other, the very thought of that seemed to make every single thing in the universe beautiful. But only the sky and earth knew the distance between them, only they knew the fact that they could never be together.
Adam Davidson|Whether I'm running, working, relating, parenting, learning - whatever I'm doing, I want to surround myself with people who push me.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, The Sorrows of Young Werther|We asked volunteers to report their own beliefs, God's beliefs, and the average American's beliefs on a wide variety of social issues while they were lying on their backs in an fMRI scanner. We found some clear distinctions. Major differences in neural activity emerged when people reasoned about their own beliefs and the average American's beliefs. We found the very same pattern of differences when people reasoned about God's beliefs versus the average American's beliefs. But the most amazing result of all was that we could not tell the difference in overall neural activity between people reasoning about their own beliefs versus God's beliefs. In the scanner, reasoning about God's beliefs looked the same as reasoning about one's own beliefs.
Tushar Upreti|His eyes burned mine. “You just fight for what you want Katherine. The question is, how much do you want me?” Am I worth the fight? The question was implied and his eyes were begging me for assurance.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Old religious dogma attempts to convince you that you are on a journey to God, then makes you pay tolls along that roadway.
Dale Carnegie, The Art of Public Speaking|It never hurts a fool to appear before anaudience, for his capacity is not a capacity for feeling.
Tim O'Brien|I'd date someone younger or older; age doesn't matter to me. Or looks, really - it's all about maturity.
Mark Haddon|Memories, imagination, old sentiments, and associations are more readily reached through the sense of smell than through any other channel.
Neil Gaiman, Coraline|He could still escape—the fear was in front of him, and all he had to do was wrench free and run in the other direction. But he kept walking forward, straight into its embrace.
Kathy Bryson, Fighting Mad|No, really,” she said. “We get it. Sometimes the guy just makes you crazy, even if you do love him.
Yash|I think probably one of the important things that mesmerize me is my RELATIONSHIP.Here comes the way how I narrate it as,The fabric enhances the beauty of the soul.I feel,The fabric of love, which will nurture from the depth of the heart&The fabric of celebration, which will cherish the occasion with wine and sweet words&The fabric of memories, which will mesmerizes our age and experience.I had all this desire to pursue my passion as,The fabric of wedding that embraces the fragrance of bliss in two souls&The fabric of tradition that exhibits beliefs and culture from one generation to the next&The fabric of surprise that fills the excitement in the ravishing family.It’s all about,A feel that nourish my emotions towards my heart& A feel that endeavors my passion towards my life& It’s THE FABRIC OF MY RELATIONSHIP that stays forever and enhances for generations.
Ron Silliman, Revelator|how does this outer life, apocalypse reported, penetrate my dreams
Alwyn Hamilton, Traitor to the Throne|My mother had raised me on a thousand stories of girls who were saved by the Djinn, princesses rescued from towers, peasant girls rescued from poverty.Turned out, stories were just stories.I was on my own.
Rebecca Makkai, The Hundred-Year House|If everything else were still the same, he'd have felt Zee's absence like a gaping hole. But if he could continue to reconfigure his entire life, there would be no missing place where Zee had been.
Rakesh V. Vohra, Principles of Pricing: An Analytical Approach|It is natural that the appearance of pollution should have taken by surprise an economic science which has delighted in playing around with all kinds of mechanistic models. Curiously, even after the event economics gives no signs of acknowledging the role of natural resources in the economic process. Economists still do not seem to realize that, since the product of the economic process is waste, waste is an inevitable result of that process and ceteris paribus increases in greater proportion than the intensity of economic activity.
Chiang Kai-shek|World peace is no longer some pie-in-the-sky thing, because no single person or country is going to solve it on their own.
George R.R. Martin, A Clash of Kings|Every blade of grass was carved from emerald, every drip of water turned to diamond.
Jacuzzi Splot - Baccano|But laugh?" He pressed the flat of his hand against my stomach. "Here lives laugh." He ran his finger straight up to my mouth and spread his fingers. "Push back laugh is not good. Not healthy.""Also cry?" I asked. I traced an imaginary tear down my cheek with one finger."Also cry." He put his hand on his own belly. "Ha ha ha," he said, pressing his hand to show me the motion of his stomach. Then his expression changed to sad. "Huh huh huh," he heaved with exaggerated sobs, pressing his stomach again. "Same place. Not healthy to push down.
Thomas E. Woods Jr.|In the law, rights are islands of empowerment. . . . Rights contain images of power, and manipulating those images, either visually or linguistically, is central in the making and maintenance of rights. In principle, therefore, the more dizzyingly diverse the images that are propagated, the more empowered we will be as a society.
Thich Nhat Hanh, The Art of Power|We live in an incredibly dynamic universe that gives us what we wish for, like a waking dream
Amandeep Singh Malik|Advertising, an art, is constantly besieged and compromised by logicians and technocrats, the scientists of our profession who wildly miss the main point about everything we do…
Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club|To be content with little is difficult; to be content with much, impossible.
Roberto Bolaño, 2666|Reading is like thinking, like praying, like talking to a friend, like expressing your ideas, like listening to other people's ideas, like listening to music (oh yes), like looking at the view, like taking a walk on the beach.
Tim Hanley, Wonder Woman Unbound: The Curious History of the World's Most Famous Heroine|Active or ambitious women were not only rare but often evil. Wonder Woman flipped this paradigm by embodying the strength, assertiveness, and independence usually associated with bad girls and villains in a positive heroic light. The Golden Age Wonder Woman was a blatant rejection of the good girl/bad girl binary and even offered a critique of the good girl role.
Robert  Fripp|To be silent. In hopes of not offending, in hopes of being accepted. But what happened to people who never spoke, never raised their voices? Kept everything inside?Gamache knew what happened. Everything they swallowed, every word, thought, feeling rattled around inside, hollowing the person out. And into that chasm they stuffed their words, their rage.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Indeed, these are not drunk, as you suppose, for it is only nine o’clock in the morning.
José Saramago, The Cave|... we are only ever pretending to ourselves, never to other people ...
Deepa Kumar, Islamophobia and the Politics of Empire|Exercise 1: Guarding the PrayerOnce we are performing the five obligatory prayers with regularity, then it is certainly worth our efforts to begin increasing extra prayers- especially the late-night prayers (tahajjud). Late-night prayer is one of the defining qualities of a salih (righteous) person, also called a wali (friend of Allah). Regarding late-night prayers, Fudayl b. 'Iyyad said that if a man was unable to do them, it was due to his wrong actions during the day. May Allah make us befitting to stand before Him, here and in the hereafter.Agenda to Change our Condition, Hamza Yusuf & Zaid Shakir, S. 46
Shuji Nakamura|If I can do one hundredth part for the Indian that Mrs. Stowe did for the Negro, I will be thankful.
Robert Duncan|The awakening of the people of China to the possibilities under free government is the most significant, if not the most momentous, event of our generation.
Rupert Sheldrake|Bad religion is arrogant, self-righteous, dogmatic and intolerant. And so is bad science. But unlike religious fundamentalists, scientific fundamentalists do not realize that their opinions are based on faith. They think they know the truth.
Boris Johnson|Yes, but the world isn't split into good people and Death Eaters,' said Sirius with a wry smile.
Ron Baratono|Always think and always dream. Wonder what’s around the next corner for yourself, and don’t be afraid to go there, but most of all Love. Loving yourself and the people around you is the easiest path through life. It will bring you around that corner, and places you’ve never been.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|When a man's neck's in danger, he doesn't stop to think too much aboutsentiment.
Gayle Forman, Just One Year|I'd rather meander through a pit of vipers than love one more person, but since I'm on the subject of snakes, we all know one, or are one.
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|I feel despised there, for having so little money; also for once having had so much. I never actually had it, of course. Father had it, and then Richard. But money was imputed to me, the same way crimes are imputed to those who've simply been present at them.
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|Never ever play with the feelings of others. If you think you have played with the feelings of another and have won, you better think again — you might of won the game but you surely may have lost that person forever.
George R.R. Martin|Now, how do you suppose this queen will react when you turn up with your begging bowl in hand and say, 'Good morrow to you, Auntie. I am your nephew, Aegon, returned from the dead. I've been hiding on a poleboat all my life, but now I've washed the blue dye from my hair and I'd like a dragon, please...and oh, did I mention, my claim to the Iron Throne is stronger than your own?
Erin Morgenstern, The Night Circus|Sam: I wonder if we'll ever be put into songs or tales. Frodo: [turns around] What? Sam: I wonder if people will ever say, 'Let's hear about Frodo and the Ring.' And they'll say 'Yes, that's one of my favorite stories. Frodo was really courageous, wasn't he, Dad?' 'Yes, my boy, the most famousest of hobbits. And that's saying a lot.' Frodo: [continue walking] You've left out one of the chief characters - Samwise the Brave. I want to hear more about Sam. [stops and turns to Sam] Frodo: Frodo wouldn't have got far without Sam. Sam: Now Mr. Frodo, you shouldn't make fun; I was being serious. Frodo: So was I. [they continue to walk] Sam: Samwise the Brave...
Charles M. Schulz|Rats! There goes the bell... oh, how I hate lunch hours! I always have to eat alone because nobody likes me... Peanut butter again... I wish that little red haired girl would come over, and sit with me. Wouldn’t it be great if she’d walk over here, and say, “May I eat lunch with you, Charlie Brown?” I’d give anything to talk with her... she’d never like me, though... I’m so blah and so stupid... she’d never like me... I wonder what would happen if I went over and tried to talk to her! Everyone would probably laugh... she’d probably be insulted someone as blah as I am tried to talk to her. I hate lunch hour... all it does is make me lonely... during class it doesn’t matter... I can’t even eat... Nothing tastes good... Rats! Nobody is ever going to like me... Lunch hour is the loneliest hour of the day!
Carrie Brownstein, Hunger Makes Me a Modern Girl|Nostalgia is so certain: the sense of familiarity it instills makes us feel like we know ourselves, like we've lived. To get a sense that we have already journeyed through something - survived it, experienced it - is often so much easier and less messy than the task of currently living through something.
Patrick Ness, More Than This|People see stories everywhere...We take random events and we put them together in a pattern so we can comfort ourselves with a story, no matter how much it obviously isn't true...We have to lie to ourselves to live. Otherwise, we'd go crazy.
Hal Duncan, Rhapsody: Notes on Strange Fictions|the crescent sun is high, the moon low; life is not for the faint-hearted; so why the fuck should art be?
Eiji Yoshikawa, Musashi|I'm not a lawyer, but I play one in my novel COPYRIGHT. I also play a serial rapist, a drug addict, a teenage boy and lesbian model.
Kingsley Amis, Lucky Jim|Dixon was alive again. Consciousness was upon him before he could get out of the way; not for him the slow, gracious wandering from the halls of sleep, but a summary, forcible ejection. He lay sprawled, too wicked to move, spewed up like a broken spider-crab on the tarry shingle of morning. The light did him harm, but not as much as looking at things did; he resolved, having done it once, never to move his eyeballs again. A dusty thudding in his head made the scene before him beat like a pulse. His mouth had been used as a latrine by some small creature of the night, and then as its mausoleum. During the night, too, he'd somehow been on a cross-country run and then been expertly beaten up by secret police. He felt bad.
Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays|The forsaking of all others is a keeping of faith, not just with the chosen one, but with the ones forsaken. The marriage vow unites not just a woman and a man with each other; it unites each of them with the community in a vow of sexual responsibility toward all others. The whole community is married, realizes its essential unity, in each of its marriages...Marital fidelity, that is, involves the public or institutional as well as the private aspect of marriage. One is married to marriage as well as to one's spouse. But one is married also to something vital of one's own that does not exist before the marriage: one's given word. It now seems to me that the modern misunderstanding of marriage involves a gross misunderstanding and underestimation of the seriousness of giving one's word, and of the dangers of breaking it once it is given. Adultery and divorce now must be looked upon as instances of that disease of word-breaking, which our age justifies as "realistic" or "practical" or "necessary," but which is tattering the invariably single fabric of speech and trust.(pg.117, "The Body and the Earth")
Bernard Kelvin Clive|The true value of man is shown when with all freedom possible, he sets himself limits.
Arlo Guthrie|I think probably the qualities that I look for in a man are somewhat different than they were before I became a public person, but not that much different. I think that, sort of, the element of trust is certainly much bigger for me, but the other things that - the other qualities, intelligence and kindness and sense of humor, those things.
Clarissa Pinkola Estés|A leader learned to follow, and serves the followers who are learning to lead. ~T.F. Hodge
Philip K. Dick, A Scanner Darkly|There is, I believe, no person, however insignificant in the world, but, if an account of his life and adventures were committed to paper, would be entertaining in some degree: the follies of our own life, and those we are liable to be drawn into by others, will constantly afford matter for serious reflection.
Hedy Lamarr|I really wish there was some big brother conspiracy theory. I just think it's the ignorance of trying to make a dollar. That's what the networks have done and will continue to do. If anyone doesn't think that this is about making money, then they're crazy.
Bruce Campbell|No one can claim their particular vision of the divine as correct, if there are thousands of other 'visions' with which to compare it. And anyone who does try to claim the spotlight? Even a few decades ago, they could have started a cult. These days, they'll just get trolled online, then ignored.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|In his or her own way, everyone I saw before me looked happy. Whether they were really happy or just looked it, I couldn't tell. But they did look happy on this pleasant early afternoon in late September, and because of that I felt a kind of loneliness new to me, as if I were the only one here who was not truly part of the scene.
Robert Ferrigno|The secret is to create the condition for change, a process that sometimes takes decades, and then use certain men as pivot points, a fulcrum to move history.
Soke Behzad Ahmadi, CHOKI  MOTOBU   Original MMA Fighter|An exceptional Sensei has traits such as patience and integrity. Otherwise, natural fighting ability, cruelty and aggressive behavior may be observed in most animal predators.
Waylon H. Lewis, Things I Would Like To Do With You|The alchemy that is friendship mixed with attraction is important. The alchemy that is two hearts, two minds, two lives, two particular laughs in silly melody is important.And, it is yet unknown, as you are, to me.
Franz Kafka|In wine was truth, perhaps, but in whisky, the way Hoffman sluiced it down, was an army of imaginary rats climbing your legs.
Addison Gayle Jr.|Oh, yes he does. He's a scientist, and they know everything. Religion is crap," declared Listen."You're the most obnoxious little brat I've ever met.""Both of you be quiet,
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide|OK you maybe can't buy happiness with Cosmic Ordering, but it's much better crying in a mansion than in a hovel.
Ian Frazier, On the Rez|Action seems to follow feeling, but really action and feeling go together; and by regulating the action, which is under the more direct control of the will, we can indirectly regulate the feeling, which is not.
Iris Murdoch|He felt, in a way so familiar as to be almost dreary, the chosen victim of the gods, the self-admitted traitor, the one destined for judgment.
Yevgeny Zamyatin, We|The perfect weather of Indian Summer lengthened and lingered, warm sunny days were followed by brisk nights with Halloween a presentiment in the air.
Ronald Schaffer, Wings of Judgment: American Bombing in World War II|Life, with all its surprises, is full of moments that, although predictable, keep surprising us. Every sensation, although already written, makes us feel each moment uniquely. And yet, we think about the future and the past, while insisting in forgetting the present. All memories and imaginations replace love with the feeling of sadness, a sadness built upon repetitions that match the undesired future and past. To lose is always harder than to forget, but to feel what can’t be changed is harder than losing it. It is hard to know without the capacity for creating, to see without the potential to predict, and to pay for what we know and see without any positive outcome at sight. But that is the life of many, a life that in their despair, is called real, as real as their self-destruction within it; for such is the consequence of venerating ignorance while in huger for reason. Many so live in evil, destroying the good that comes to them, emptying their soul in the process, and alchemically merging with the physical world, while disappearing in it; for such is life claiming their soul before claiming their body. Evil consumes the soul just as Earth consumes the body. To do evil is to commit suicide before death presents itself; and the endless nightmares of such creatures are merely manifestations of the bridge they’ve been building for themselves, between their illusions inside the material world and their fate within the spiritual world; for such is the state of slavery of the ignorant, dead in spirit and active in body but without any achievements in life; and yet, if the end of the illusion came, the root of all truth would merely expand itself furthermore, for one cannot come to itself before being with everything else; one cannot live without first experiencing the death of itself; for all that comes from the spirit has once occupied the place of many egos, just as the the state of being comes from the activity of manifesting conscience in many things, many lives, many perspectives; for one is all, but all cannot come into one, not until each one of that all is present in its fullness as one. And so, we could very well say that the expansion of one is the direction towards the truth, while the retrocession in being one is the direction towards the lie. And since all lies exist within the truth, we can also say that self-destruction, or evilness, is nothing more than the process of delaying the inevitably of life, to expand into thousands of years what could be achieved in one second. But wouldn’t that be expectable from one that fears life while wanting to experience it to its fulness? Such person is merely reducing the level in which he can live, even when, but mainly while, reducing himself in front of his own existence, including when diminishing himself before life. And that’s why the end of all things will always reveal the beginning of them, for such end is merely a delaying of what already was and should kept on being. It is the need to delay being that expands the being beyond itself, only and merely to simply bring it back to itself at the end. That is all for now, and the now in that all; for life is not more than an eternal present, redistributing its colors to create a big picture, one in which the vision shows the first spot in which all began. And that is enlightenment, as much as it is forgiveness, as much as it is sadness and joy, regret and responsibility, love and hate, emotions and emotionless, action and non-action, the one and the nothingness manifesting themselves at the exact same time and in the same place, allowing us the illusion of time and distance when, deeply within, we know they’re not real. But what is real? That is the journey of life; for one cannot say that there are different perspectives, but merely different states of conscience. In a perfect world, there is but one conscience.
BinYamin Gulzar|Every day since waking up in the hospital I've wanted to die, but watching that man sink below the waves, I feel something inside me rise up. A Dragon doesn't surrender. A Dragon fights fate. This is not some loud, roaring feeling. It feels more like someone blew on an ember and found a slight orang glow. I have to hang on to my life—however ruined and useless. Mama's voice comes floating to me, reciting one of her favorite sayings, "There is no catastrophe except death; one cannot be poorer than a beggar." I want—need—to do something braver and finer than dying.
Mark Zero, The French Art of Revenge|Bergé’s yelling had attracted the attention of everyone in the Kibati hall: champagne flutes stopped halfway to heavily painted lips, eyes widened, massive diamonds groaned scornfully in their settings. It was a stationary riot.
Ariel Seraphino|By picking him up again, i guess you're just lost, baby. Lost.
Andrew Shaffer, Fifty-one Shades: A Parody|For the first time since he showed up in my checkout lane, I let my eyes wander the full length of his body. The bulge in his running down the side of his pants leg is quite noticeable; either he has a banana in his pocket, or he’s happy to see me. Then I notice a similar bulge running down the side of his other pants leg. Either he has two bananas in his pockets, or he has two erections.
Nevil Shute, Ruined City|What some call health, if purchased by perpetual anxiety about diet, isn't much better than tedious disease.
A.J. Conyers|The immense distance between God and humanity is the indispensable backdrop to a Christian idea of revelation. To reduce God to the level of human thought and human imagination, so that we can comprehend God, is to lose a sense of the very thing that distinguishes God as God.
Sebastien de Castell, Traitor's Blade|I fall short of her standards. She made me buy cat food that hasn't been tested on animals. My cats took one bite of it, spit it out, and yelled, "Did no one test this?
Salman Rushdie, Imaginary Homelands: Essays and Criticism 1981-1991|human beings do not perceive things whole; we are not gods but wounded creatures, cracked lenses, capable only of fractured perceptions
Thomas Jefferson|God does not change; he is Love, ever and always. In himself, he is communion, unity in Trinity, and all his words and works are directed to communion.
Wendy S. Marcus, All I Need Is You|If you’ll trust me, I’ll give you a week you’ll never forget.
John Trudell|If poetry and the arts do anything, they can fortify your inner life, your inwardness.
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|To fall in love twice, with the same person, you need to grow another heart. That's all I do in my secret underground laboratory at night...
Alison Weir|Durand smiles. There is nothing behind the smile except perhaps another smile, repeating ad infinitum into the distance.'Of course,' he says.
Eric Ripert|The importance of reading, for me, is that it allows you to dream.Reading not only educates, but is relaxing and allows you to feed your imagination - creating beautiful pictures from carefully chosen words.
Buzz Aldrin|My lasting impression of Truman Capote is that he was a terribly gentle, terribly sensitive, and terribly sad man.
Kristin Miller, So I Married a Werewolf|As his gaze rose to her face - he bit back a gasp. "Your hair, it's - ""Red." ..."You look stunning." ..."Did I ever tell you that when I was growing up, my favorite cartoon characters was Jessica Rabbit?" ..."You always had the curves, but now, with the hair..." He blew out an exaggerated Roger Rabbit whistle. "You're a spittin' image.
R.A. Salvatore, Servant of the Shard|A man inferior with the blade or with his thoughts can still so elevate himself," Entreri explained curtly, "if he can impart the belief that some god or other speaks through him. It is the greatest deception in all the world and one embraced by kings and lords, while the minor lying thieves on the streets or Calimport and other cities lose their tongues for so attempting to coax the purses of others.
Stephen Rayment|The Marine Corps has just been called by the New York Times, 'The elite of this country.' I think it is the elite of the world.
Jeffrey Fry|Often doors of opportunity are opened, but few opt to walk through them.
Theodore Roosevelt|I am an American; free born and free bred, where I acknowledge no man as my superior, except for his own worth, or as my inferior, except for his own demerit.
Eraldo Banovac|Each type of knowledge has value; however, from an engineering point of view, practical knowledge seems to be more valuable than theoretical knowledge.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|By performing a simple Google search, a website review, a visit to their LinkedIn profile, or a media release search on the person you are about to meet, you can find out where they’ve been, what they care about, and where they’re going. Whether you learn an interesting fact about a hobby they enjoy, the breed of their dog, or something you both have in common, it will show that you took the time to research and that you care about them as a person.
Alison Bramhall|Besides Mass, Energy, Life, and of course Love, there is one thing constant, and does not change with millennia - and that is ‘Wisdom’.
Ashley Olsen|Feeling anxious or depressed sometimes is part of what it means to be a person, and it might even be essential to success.
Neil deGrasse Tyson, The Sky Is Not the Limit: Adventures of an Urban Astrophysicist|I am convinced that the act of thinking logically cannot possibly be natural to the human mind. If it were, then mathematics would be everybody's easiest course at school and our species would not have taken several millennia to figure out the scientific method.
Ayn Rand, The Virtue of Selfishness: A New Concept of Egoism|We could choose to be a nation that extends care, compassion, and concern to those who are locked up and locked out or headed for prison before they are old enough to vote. We could seek for them the same opportunities we seek for our own children; we could treat them like one of “us.” We could do that. Or we can choose to be a nation that shames and blames its most vulnerable, affixes badges of dishonor upon them at young ages, and then relegates them to a permanent second-class status for life. That is the path we have chosen, and it leads to a familiar place.
John Desmond Bernal|The great medley of Oregon and California emigrants, at their camps around Independence, had heard reports that several additional parties were on the point of setting out from St. Joseph's farther to the northward.
Laura Anderson Kurk, Perfect Glass|Hold still, Meg, you’re dripping blood on my car seats.”I reached behind the passenger seat of Tennyson’s car looking for the white sheet she’d thrown in for mopping up bodily fluids. Quinn, sitting in the back seat, read my mind and handed it to me. “Thank you.”“No problem.” He leaned forward, pulling a corner of the sheet up to wipe off a small stream of blood on my neck. “You okay?
Cliff Hannold|The only thing keeping you from living the life you want, is allowing your weaknesses to hold you back. So don't let anything hold you back from achieving your goals".
Nana Awere Damoah, I Speak of Ghana|Young men and women are causing wealth loss to their generation because they are sitting on inert ideas, bottled-up potential energy and scratching the ground when they should be gliding the skies and perambulating with the stars. These people are so disillusioned they live life without any urgency.
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|Bitten? You mean you're a-""A werewolf," said the girl. "Like everyone else here. Except you, and the asshole. And the asshole's sister.
Sunday Adelaja|I became utterly addicted to her and the escape from reality we provided each other. Throughout the years, she had boyfriends and I had girlfriends, but there wasn't a single night that I didn’t hear her voice.
Emma Stone|Developing games for the PC and consoles is all about everything and the kitchen sink. In many ways, you don't have design decisions to make. You do it all. So I enjoy going back to making decisions about what's important as I'm working on a game.
Stieg Larsson, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo|Friendship- my definition- is built on two things. Respect and trust. Both elements have to be there. And it has to be mutual. You can have respect for someone, but if you don't have trust, the friendship will crumble.
White Teeth - Zadie Smith|People always make choices, always take sides!
Imam al-Dhahabi|بسم اللە الرحمن الرحیم {وَكُلُوا وَاشْرَبُوا حَتَّى يَتَبَيَّنَ لَكُمُ الْخَيْطُ الأَبْيَضُ مِنَ الْخَيْطِ الأَسْوَدِ مِنَ الْفَجْرِ ثُمَّ أَتِمُّوا الصِّيَامَ إِلَى اللَّيْلِ} البقرة ١٨٧In the name of God, God says in this Ayah {eat and drink until the white thread appear from the dark thread in the dawn then continue your fasting till night} dear brothers and sisters the appearance of the white thread from the black thread means when the color of the sky changes from the black to dark gray. Until that time you have right to eat and drink and that time the Fajir prayer will begin, the meaning of night in this Ayah is the sunset, there is another important thing to remember glorify God as much as you can before the sunrise and before the sunset because they have specialty for God, God says {وَسَبِّحْ بِحَمْدِ رَبِّكَ قَبْلَ طُلُوعِ الشَّمْسِ وَقَبْلَ الْغُرُوبِ} 39 Swrah Qaf {means with thankfully glorify your God before sunrise and before sunset} there are also lots of other Ayahs regarding glorifying God before sunset and sunrise. Calrified by Kamaran Ihsan Salih 30/05/2017
Ernestine Rose|Budget cuts are a sad reality in most newsrooms, and I am concerned that they reduce the collective muscle of journalists who are doing the expensive, and often dangerous, work of on-the-ground reporting.
Stephen King, Misery|I thought you could beat, pummel, and thrash an idea into existence. Under such treatment, of course, any decent idea folds up its paws, turns on its back, fixes its eyes on eternity, and dies.
Lisa Bedrick, On the Charismatic Movement|the breaking of the interest slavery of productive work in all professional fields will grant it the primary position due to it. Money will once again be returned to its sole appropriate role of being a servant in the enormous enterprise of our national economy. It will become once again what it is, an indication of performed work and therewith the way will be paved to a higher goal, the rejection of the frenzied financial greed of our age.
Mehmet Murat ildan|The way I saw it, if my students were willing to pretend I was a teacher, the least I could do was return the favor and pretend that they were writers.
B.F. Skinner, Walden Two|Why did colleges make their students take examinations, and why did they give grade? What did a grade really mean? When a student "studied" did he do anything more than read and think-- or was there something special which no one in Walden Two would know about? Why did the professors lecture to the students? Were the students never expected to do anything except answer questions? Was it true that students were made to read books they were not interested in?
Haruki Murakami, After the Quake|There is nothing that I so greatly admire as purposefulness. I have an enormous respect for people who know exactly what they are doing and where they are going. Such people are compact and integrated. They have clear edges. They give an impression of invulnerability and balance, and I wish I were one of them.
David Nicholls, One Day|He hadn't been this nervous since the last disastrous night at the improv, and he firmly told himself to calm down as he blotted at the tablecloth, glancing upwards to see Emma wriggling out of her summer jacket, pushing her shoulders back and her chest forward in that way that women do without realising the ache they cause.
Caitlyn Jenner|I feel that sin and evil are the negative part of you, and I think it's like a battery: you've got to have the negative and the positive in order to be a complete person.
Martin Luther King, Jr.|We don't see things as they are, we see them as we are.
Nadia Bolz-Weber, Pastrix: The Cranky, Beautiful Faith of a Sinner & Saint|Matthew once said to me, after one of my more finely worded rants about stupid people who have the wrong opinions, "Nadia, the thing that sucks is that every time we draw a line between us and others, Jesus is always on the other side of it." Damn.
Oscar Wilde|It is through art, and through art only, that we can realise our perfection.
Dr. Karan M Pai|I choose to courageously declare my specific outcome, even if i am unclear of all the details or if it's the right outcome.Today, I break down how to attain my outcome into small, achievable baby steps.Today is the day i find a mentor to help me.I am willing to stretch beyond my current fears and limitations and in doing so, create the life of my dreams!
Chuma Nwokolo, The Ghost of Sani Abacha|For now I sit on my final island of the present as my radius of memory shrinks; lost already are the islands of work, of old friendships...Other islands fade as I brood upon them.
Unknown|No one wants to believe they are weak, but we all have weakness inside us. We have strength, too, but there are times when the circumstances in our lives are so overwhelming that we easily succumb to that weakness
Lewis Howes|Divorce is so common and accepted in America that beating myself up over it may sound ridiculous. But I was raised to believe that divorce wasn't an option; to me, divorce equaled failure. I wasn't able to change that equation until I found myself in the right relationship.
Debasish Mridha|If you can live while doing what you love, then you are already a success.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Learning and knowing something is cool, but superb knowledge comes when you leave your books and become the inner world's friend.
J.D. Radke|The Christian story, centered as it is on the death and Resurrection of Jesus Christ, is the only story for making sense of desire and loss.
Anthony T. Hincks|Failure is when you stop trying to do something.So, if you want to succeed.Don't stop trying.
Nidhie Sharma|When you tell your story, and I listen, we both gain.
Kevin Abdulrahman, The Book on What Ever You're Into: These Are the 52 Timeless Winning Truths You Need to Know to Have a Chance at Winning|Have fun with the uncertainty of life. When you learn to do so, you will be certain to win.
Rudyard Kipling, Under The Deodars|I never made a mistake in my life; at least, never one that I couldn't explain away afterwards.
Arthur Slade|When people are reading a book, it's a personal thing. They're reading it; it's in their own mind; it's in their own personal space when they're reading it.
Ted Turner|Humility is never about being small, unseen and unnoticed. Humility is really about expressing all the wonder you are in a way that all people see is the awesomeness and greatness of GOD.
Abraham|The 'Many-Worlds Interpretation of Quantum Mechanics' speaks to possibility and it speaks to opportunity. By appreciating its existence and adopting the paradigm of its existence, we start to realize that our future has infinite potentiality, and we realize that the 'Ideal Parallel World' of our dreams already exists along one path of our potential future; therefore our behaviors in the present can guide us to that 'Ideal Parallel World.
Pema Chödrön, When Things Fall Apart: Heart Advice for Difficult Times|Letting there be room for not knowing is the most important thing of all. When there's a big disappointment, we don't know if that's the end of the story. It may just be the beginning of a great adventure. Life is like that. We don't know anything. We call something bad; we call it good. But really we just don't know.
Mary E. Pearson, The Beauty of Darkness|Words, Kaden. Only lost unsaid words that added up to good-bye.
Debasish Mridha|If your vision encourages and enables others to hope more, see more, act more, love more, and live more then you are a true pathfinder.
Sunday Adelaja|If you don’t know who you are, you will be someone else
Henry Timrod|I had lived all of my youthful dreams, but I couldn't think of many adult ones. I finally realized that we don't have many dreams for adults because, historically, people have always died much younger than they do today.
Kenneth H. Blanchard, Collaboration Begins with You: Be a Silo Buster|When people don't know what’s going on, it’s human nature for them to imagine a version that’s ten times worse than the truth!
V.C. Andrews, Flowers in the Attic|Love doesn't always come when you want it to. Sometimes it just happens, despite your will.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Great achievement requires personal force, determined spirit and self-confidence.
Oddný Eir|Still, we've attempted to argue when necessary; you've got to be able to let loose and even lose your temper a bit if you're finding it hard to breathe. Closeness has to be like running water; it mustn't stagnate and sour.
Agatha Christie, Murder on the Orient Express|Corpse Pose sounds like no big deal, right? Then what’s so difficult about this spiritualized snooze? Forget about getting your feet behind your head. Just try lying still for ten minutes. With nothing left to do, you’re finally forced to come face to face with yourself.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Do I make up some ‘god’ in my mind, or do I make up my mind to know God?
Unarine Ramaru|But there were other, vaguer, harder-to-pin-down feelings, like: a pit in the stomach that means something is either really good or really bad or both. A feeling of being old and young at once. A sense of beginnings and endings happening at the same time. A certainty that your life is changing, but an uncertainty about how it's changing and whether you want it to.
Marcel Proust, Jean Santeuil|As humans we are inclined to feel that life must have a point. We have plans and aspirations and desires. We want to take constant advantage of all the intoxicating existence we've been endowed with. But what's life to a cell? Yet it's impulse to exist, to be, is every bit as strong as ours - perhaps even stronger. Life just wants to be.
Rachel Vincent, Never to Sleep|Jesus, what a nuisance it was, being desperate to stay alive.
Marquis de Sade|There are moments when a man's imagination, so easily subdued to what it lives in, suddenly rises above its daily level and surveys the long windings of destiny.
Emanuel Swedenborg, Secrets of Heaven (Swedenborg, Emanuel, Works.)|The nature of heaven is to provide a place there for all who lead good lives, no matter what their religion may be.
Sheila Cassidy|In 1935, when there were no other programs, the founders of AA, Bill Wilson and Dr. Robert Smith, stepped up to the plate and took action to help a crippled population. All credit for the establishment of their wonderful, life-saving group goes to them and to those who came after them who have continued the tradition. However, there are hundreds of millions of people who still need help who are not among the estimated two or three million who attend twelve-step meetings.
Nick Frost|You know, I started my career in politics in 1967. I'm not new to this. I did not just fall off the Christmas tree. I understand the world is complex. I know that there are people out there who want to hurt other people.
Peter Mallouk, The 5 Mistakes Every Investor Makes and How to Avoid Them: Getting Investing Right|You should RULE your money, Money shouldn't RULE your Life.
Friedrich Nietzsche|The immediate future is going to be tragic for all of us unless we find a way of making the vast educational resources of this country serve the true purpose of education, truth and justice.
Lenny Bruce|Among my friends, I'm not a little Boy Scout, and they love my humor, thank God.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau|I'd rather die holding on to the love I believe in, than to live embracing a love that's a lie.
Cat Winters, In the Shadow of Blackbirds|And all the while Stephen started at me as if I were something magical. Not the ugly way other people sometimes stare at me, like he was meeting someone in a foreign country who spoke his language when no one else could. That's how it's been between us ever since. We understand each other, even when we astound each other.
J.L. Merrow, Pricks and Pragmatism|It's sad to fall asleep. It separates people. Even when you're sleeping together, you're all alone.
Irwin Welsh|What drove such people to their sinister occupations? Spite? Certainly, but also the desire for order. Because the desire for order tries to transform the human world into an inorganic reign in which everything goes well, everything functions as a subject of an impersonal will. The desire for order is at the same time a desire for death, because life is a perpetual violation of order. Or, inversely, the desire for order is a virtuous pretext by which man's hatred for man justifies its crimes.
Big Daddy Weave|Seeking Your face and not only Your hand, I find You embracing me just as I am.
Thom Mayne|I've always been interested in an architecture of resistance - architecture that has some power over the way we live. Working under adversarial conditions could be seen as a plus because you're offering alternatives. Still, there are situations that make you ask the questions: 'Do I want to be a part of this?'
Christopher McDougall, Born to Run: A Hidden Tribe, Superathletes, and the Greatest Race the World Has Never Seen|Running! If there's any activity happier, more exhilarating, more nourishing to the imagination, I can't think of what it might be. In running the mind flees with the body, the mysterious efflorescence of language seems to pulse in the brain, in rhythm with our feet and the swinging of our arms.
Marcel Proust, Jean Santeuil|Forgive me, Bertrand, for having on that day loved in you a beauty in which your self-esteem could take no pride, which could not in any way determine my affection.
Arthur C. Clarke, Tales from Planet Earth|What was a shadow, after all, but a shape in the moving world reduced to a projection of possibilities?
Stanisław Lem|Everyone wants to save Man, but no one wants to know about men.
Coco J. Ginger|You’ve no idea the restraint I’ve created. A word, which in a past life, never held special meaning for me, flows now through the blood of my veins as if to remind me it was always there. Like you, always there. You said I was not strong. So I created strength to fight against these natural feelings which keep me tied to you. I drew a line in the sand so I would not step towards your door again. I have boundaries, strength and pride. What I do not have is you. And that is the only part I wanted. You’ve no idea the restraint I’ve created. You’ve no idea the bold wall I’ve built to keep me out of your compromising arms.
Socrates|I examined the poets, and I look on them as people whose talent overawes both themselves and others, people who present themselves as wise men and are taken as such, when they are nothing of the sort.From poets, I moved to artists. No one was more ignorant about the arts than I; no one was more convinced that artists possessed really beautiful secrets. However, I noticed that their condition was no better than that of the poets and that both of them have the same misconceptions. Because the most skillful among them excel in their specialty, they look upon themselves as the wisest of men. In my eyes, this presumption completely tarnished their knowledge. As a result, putting myself in the place of the oracle and asking myself what I would prefer to be — what I was or what they were, to know what they have learned or to know that I know nothing — I replied to myself and to the god: I wish to remain who I am.We do not know — neither the sophists, nor the orators, nor the artists, nor I— what the True, the Good, and the Beautiful are. But there is this difference between us: although these people know nothing, they all believe they know something; whereas, I, if I know nothing, at least have no doubts about it. As a result, all this superiority in wisdom which the oracle has attributed to me reduces itself to the single point that I am strongly convinced that I am ignorant of what I do not know.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|Do not give a damn what "they" have to say (and you will know who they are) for you are either very right or very wrong, but at least you are very something.
Idries Shah, The Dermis Probe|From the beginning, from the age of Adam to the time of kingship: from the powerful, pardon: from the poor, sins.
Pete Hamill|Don Quixote's misfortune is not his imagination, but Sancho Panza.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Look, I don't know who has been telling you over the years that you aren't worthy of love and happiness, but they're idiots. We all deserve it. And if people get hurt along the way, that's life. We've all been hurt. Doesn't that make love more crucial to our lives?
Ayn Rand, We the Living|I've never had inner turmoil about all this. You find a lot of people these days who cannot stand to be alone. You could lock me up in solitary for weeks on end, and I'd keep myself amused.
Kola Boof, The Sexy Part of the Bible|My look, mind you, is not chocolate like Lauryn Hill, Whoopi Goldberg, or Naomi Campbell - it is pitch black and shimmering like the purple outer space of the universe. I am the charcoal that creates diamonds. I am the blackest black woman (41).
Damon Willis|Every discussion with a girl is an argument, and when you think you are right suddenly you realize that your trapped.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper|It doesn't matter how wealthy you may be in material things, what matters is do you know what to do with those wealth?
Bree Despain, The Dark Divine|If you're angry at a loved one, hug that person. And mean it. You may not want to hug - which is all the more reason to do so. It's hard to stay angry when someone shows they love you, and that's precisely what happens when we hug each other.
Peter Medawar, The Limits of Science|That there is indeed a limit upon science is made very likely by the existence of questions that science cannot answer and that no conceivable advance of science would empower it to answer… It is not to science, therefore but to metaphysics, imaginative literature or religion that we must turn for answers to questions having to do with first and last things.
Jill Archer, Dark Light of Day|Trust me, somewhere over the rainbow, happily ever after, etcetera, etcetera - looks far less likely in your mid-thirties.
Cyndi Goodgame|I have many dead people who talk to me, whisper advice into my ears in the finest of moments. I take their advice in the moments where life shouldn't allow you to make your own business. This is one of those moments. The dead whisperer, Eleanor Roosevelt. The advice, "Do one thing every day that scares you." Here goes!
Michel Faber, The Book of Strange New Things|When you're living your life in endurance mode, you don't expect anything good to happen. I'm not saying that you don't dream about some miracle that would change everything for the better. But you pretty much know it's only a fantasy, and that you have no real control over anything.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Committed: A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage|I had long ago learned that when you are the giant, alien visitor to a remote and foreign culture it is sort of your job to become an object of ridicule. It’s the least you can do, really, as a polite guest.
Gift Gugu Mona|We are the instruments of genius, yet more the rhythm and less the drum as each expanding beat arises.
Hunter S. Thompson, Screwjack|Life equates to being fairly simple at times. Although we have the tendency and unbelievable ability to complicate things. So I suggest we go to the basics. Do unto others as you would have others do unto your children. Yes, your children. Because they are the ones that will be left behind to live their lives in the world that we have created.
Aimee Carter, Pawn|But the world is out there, and it understands that the illusion of knowledge and freedom is not the same as the real thing. Eventually it will fade, and there are those who will do whatever it takes to make that happen sooner rather than later.
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|What do you think about America?""Everyone always smiles so big! Well—most people. Maybe not so much you. I think it looks stupid.
Peter S. Beagle, Tamsin|That’s the thing about success and happiness. Every time I fall in love I become absolutely, pathologically obsessed. The moment that you have what you want, and you’re not totally ready for it, you become obsessed with the idea that you don’t deserve it.
United Nations, Universal Declaration of Human Rights|If ever a time should come, when vain and aspiring men shall possess the highest seats in Government, our country will stand in need of its experienced patriots to prevent its ruin.
Jan Willem Kaiser, De Mysteriën van Jezus in ons Leven|Presently the newly awakened psychology will gradually accomplish what pure religious devotion might have done: throw out Paul, and let Jesus in!
Alfred Nobel|Those who have knowledge, don't predict. Those who predict, don't have knowledge.
Anonymous|Last words when sending our boy to college: "If there's anything you want  call us and we'll show you how to live without it."
Christopher Reeve|Don't matter if you believe in them or not. If they're there, they're there,' Mrs. Phipps said.
J.P. Delaney, The Girl Before|Everybody has multiple personalities—at least three. We’re one person at work, another person in private, and a third person when we appear in polite society.
Jean Vanier, Finding Peace|We can be seduced...by powerful political groups that promise more wealth and lower taxes. Those with power can use clever, psychological tricks and play upon our weaknesses and brokenness in order to attract us to their way of thinking. We can be manipulated into illusion.
Stephen Reid, A Crowbar in the Buddhist Garden|You can tell a lot about a country by its prisons. In hippy-dippy Socialist Sweden, rapists and murders (all three of them) while away their days making arts and crafts in what are essentially taxpayer-funded mental health clinics. The Swedes’ theory seems to be that a) anyone who commits such a crime must be crazy and b) with enough art therapy, the individual in question will soon become just another law-abiding, nude-sunbathing pot-smoker. In America, we think people in prison are either the victims of some terrible government conspiracy, the victims of “society”—whatever that means—or heinous evildoers. And if they are heinous enough, we fry them with electricity, unless of course they find Jesus first. The Swedes, in a nutshell, are tolerant and forgiving, verging on the naïve; Americans are religious and vengeful, suspicious of their government, and suckers for tear-jerking tales of redemption.
Debasish Mridha|In the end, nothing matters except love you gave away and love you have received.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Just like freedom, Truth is not cheap. Yet both are worth more than all the gold in the world. But what is freedom, if there is no truth? And what is truth, if there is no freedom? Both are worth fighting for — because one without the other would be hell.
Nova Ren Suma, The Walls Around Us|Fragments of energy sizzled against my skin where he touched me, like sparks that shoot from a sparkler you played with as a kid.
Lailah Gifty Akita|A servant of the Lord , loves God.
Sadhguru, Of Mystics & Mistakes|Often, during times when I am in a state of absolute bliss and gratitude, those are the times that people will ask me, “Are you happy or are you sad?” It’s funny, because when you are happy in a way that most people are happy in, that is, when you are jumping up and down and laughing and smiling and giggling, people will recognize that as happiness. But when you go beyond that state and on into the state of blissfulness— nirvana— only a very few number of people are going to be able to recognize and understand that. Why? Because only very few people have gone beyond the level of obvious happiness, to experience actual nirvaana. Nirvana is what I describe as being in a state of worship; you see, you go beyond just feeling happy and grateful, and you enter into a state of mind that allows you to worship what you have been given or what you have attained or achieved, or whatever circumstance you are in that is making you happy. You stop and you worship the person, the place, the thing, the feeling. I’m easily flung into that state, so, I often find it strange that I can be in an absolute state of bliss, meanwhile, the other person can be asking me if I am either happy or sad. But I am worshipping.
Lois Greiman, Unmanned|Maybe knowledge is power, but it ain't nearly as as satisfying as punching some smart ass in the chops.
Pearl Zhu, Leadership Master: Five Digital Trends to Leap Leadership Maturity|The art of questioning is to ignite innovative thinking; the science of questioning is to frame system thinking, with the progressive pursuit of better solutions.
P.D. Ouspensky, The Fourth Way|Everything 'happens'. People can 'do' nothing. From the time we are born to the time we die things happen, happen, happen, and we think we are doing. This is our normal state in life, and even the smallest possibility to do something comes only through the work, and first only in oneself, not externally.
Debasish Mridha|Wherever you are, be there with love. Be there with compassion, kindness, and gratitude. Smile and show you care.
John Madden|You got one guy going boom, one guy going whack, and one guy not getting in the endzone.
C.M. Rayne, The Forbidden Land of Andara|There was still light in the world, and the choice was hers to be a part of it.
Shellie Palmer|Art requires that you make something else exist that is a representation of what your feeling is, or your idea.
Oliver Markus, Sex and Crime: Oliver's Strange Journey|Whenever the wife wants to do drugs, she thinks about Sartre. One bad trip and then a giant lobster followed him around for the rest of his days.
Rita Dove, On the Bus With Rosa Parks|I've never stopped wanting to cross the equator, or touch an 
Joe Jonas|I've been so showered in life, beyond my wildest dreams, such as having a loving partner I never thought I'd have.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, All of Grace|I hear another man cry, “Oh, sir my want of strength lies mainly in this, that I cannot repent sufficiently!” A curious idea men have of what repentance is! Many fancy that so many tears are to be shed, and so many groans are to be heaved, and so much despair is to be endured. Whence comes this unreasonable notion? Unbelief and despair are sins, and therefore I do not see how they can be constituent elements of acceptable repentance; yet there are many who regard them as necessary parts of true Christian experience. They are in great error. Still, I know what they mean, for in the days of my darkness I used to feel in the same way. I desired to repent, but I thought that I could not do it, and yet all the while I was repenting. Odd as it may sound, I felt that I could not feel. I used to get into a corner and weep, because I could not weep; and I fell into bitter sorrow because I could not sorrow for sin. What a jumble it all is when in our unbelieving state we begin to judge our own condition! It is like a blind man looking at his own eyes. My heart was melted within me for fear, because I thought that my heart was as hard as an adamant stone. My heart was broken to think that it would not break. Now I can see that I was exhibiting the very thing which I thought I did not possess; but then I knew not where I was. Remember that the man who truly repents is never satisfied with his own repentance. We can no more repent perfectly than we can live perfectly. However pure our tears, there will always be some dirt in them: there will be something to be repented of even in our best repentance. But listen! To repent is to change your mind about sin, and Christ, and all the great things of God. There is sorrow implied in this; but the main point is the turning of the heart from sin to Christ. If there be this turning, you have the essence of true repentance, even though no alarm and no despair should ever have cast their shadow upon your mind.
Hillary Rodham Clinton|We are, all of us, exploring a world none of us understands...searching for a more immediate, ecstatic, and penetrating mode of living...for the integrity, the courage to be whole, living in relation to one another in the full poetry of existence. The struggle for an integrated life existing in an atmosphere of communal trust and respect is one with desperately important political and social consequences...Fear is always with us, but we just don't have time for it.-Commencement Speech, Wellesley 1969
Terry Teachout|I give Bill Gates an A for vision because, as a business person and a strategist, he's brilliant. His flaw is that his view is not informed by a humanistic or compassionate vision of how to make computers work for people.
Patty Houser, A Woman's Guide to Knowing What You Believe: How to Love God With Your Heart and Your Mind|How much of my body is really me? My face is me, for sure. Anyone who looked at my face would know it was me. (...) But after that? If I showed myself a picture of myself from the shoulders down, would I be sure it was me? (...) I close my eyes and ask myself what my feet look like. I only kind of know. (...)I let it define me, but I can't even define it.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Committed: A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage|In every possible instance Saint Paul begged Christians to restrain themselves to contain their carnal yearnings to live solitary and sexless lives on earth as it is in heaven. "But if they cannot contain " Paul finally conceded then "let them marry for it is better to marry than to burn." Which is perhaps the most begrudging endorsement of matrimony in human history.
Eliot Spitzer|After all, science is essentially international, and it is only through lack of the historical sense that national qualities have been attributed to it.
Nadia Bolz-Weber|The becoming attitude for us to take is that of godly fear, implicit obedience, and unreserved resignation and submission. But not only so: the recognition of the sovereignty of God, and the realization that the Sovereign Himself is my Father, ought to overwhelm the heart and cause me to bow before Him in adoring worship. At all times I must say “Even so, Father, for so it seemeth good in Thy sight.
Thomas Vazhakunnathu, God Does Not Play Dice|The purpose of each incarnation is the transformation \ spiritual development of the individual. To the extent our day-to-day activities become harmonious with this purpose, that much peace and happiness we can experience
Tim Allen|Men and women in my lifetime have died fighting for the right to vote: people like James Chaney, Andrew Goodman and Michael Schwerner, who were murdered while registering black voters in Mississippi in 1964, and Viola Liuzzo, who was murdered by the Ku Klux Klan in 1965 during the Selma march for voting rights.
Renée Manfredi, Above the Thunder|Every human being, he believed, must do one of three basic things during his lifetime: leave something living, create something lovely, or make something better.
Jeff Fortenberry|Everywhere I go, I always look for creative entrepreneurs, whether it's artisans and craftsmen, small farmers and gardeners, or restaurateurs who use fresh, locally sourced ingredients. I admire the courage and self-reliance it takes to start your own business and make it succeed.
Alex Pettyfer|I got a gymnastics scholarship to college, fell in love with my true love of my whole life - who I'm married to now - and he was a virgin too. It was very romantic.
Fatma Alfalasi|Furthermore, I refuse to wear a burqa. Of all the burdens they've put on us, that's the most degrading. The Shirt of Nessus woudn't do as much damage to my dignity as that wretched getup. It cancels my face and takes away my identity and turns me into an object. Here, at least, I'm me Zunaira, Mohsen Ramat's wife, age thirty-two, former magistrate, dismissed by obscurantists without a hearing and without compensation, but with enough self-respect left to brush my hair every day and pay attention to my clothes. If I put that damned veil on, I'm neither a human being nor an animal, I'm just an affront, a disgrace, a blemish that has to be hidden. That's too hard to deal with. Especially for someone who was a lawyer, who worked for women's rights. Please, I don't want you to think for a minute that I'm putting on some sort of act. I'd like to, you know, but unfortunately my heart's not in it anymore. Don't ask me to give up my name, my features, the color of my eyes, and the shape of my lips so I can take a walk through squalor and desolation. Don't ask me to become something less than a shadow, an anonymus thing rustling around in a hostile place.
Ian Lamont|Old media companies will be further challenged in the next 15 years, as a new wave of user-generated content washes over the Internet, thanks to the increasing availability and affordability of portable, digital-based electronic devices. The cameraphones which seemed like such novelties just a few years ago will be in everyone's purse and pocket a few years from now.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When an eagle spreads its wings to fly, even the swan is envious.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If not prevented, desertification of the world can one day make the camels as the best and the sole cars of our civilisation!
Daniele Lanzarotta, Sudden Hope|I smiled sadly and whispered, "I would have taken a bullet for you, too, you know.""I know," he whispered gruffly and lifted my chin, "and that pisses me off and turns me on at the same time.
Jill Shalvis, Get A Clue|If I call him back here," Cooper whispered in her ear, "will you crawl up my body again?
John Green, An Abundance of Katherines|I am crying, he thought, opening his eyes to stare through the soapy, stinging water. I feel like crying, so I must be crying, but it's impossible to tell because I'm underwater. But he wasn't crying. Curiously, he felt too depressed to cry. Too hurt. It felt as if she'd taken the part of him that cried.
Andrzej Sapkowski, Czas pogardy|A most deplorable sight," she said, folding her arms across her chest. "Someone who has lost everything. You know, minstrel, it is interesting. Once, I thought it was impossible to lose everything, that something always remains. Always. Even in times of contempt, when naivety is capable of backfiring in the cruellest way, one cannot lose everything. But he... he lost several pints of blood, the ability to walk properly, partial use of his left hand, his witcher's sword, the woman he loves, the daughter he had gained by a miracle, his faith... Well, I thought, he must have been left with something. But I was wrong. He has nothing now. Not even a razor."Dandelion remained silent. The dryad did not move."I asked if you had a hand in this," she began a moment later. "But I think there was no need. It's obvious you had a hand in it. It's obvious you are his friend. And if someone has friends, and he loses everything in spite of that, it's obvious the friends are to blame. For what they did, or for what they didn't do.
Marty Rubin|Eloquence is painted thought, and thus those who, after having painted it, add somewhat more, make a picture, not a portrait.
Michelle O'Leary, No Such Thing|Because of an imaginary voice, Nicholas had become a whole person; rather than the partial person he had been in Berkeley. If he had remained in Berkeley he would have lived and died a partial person, never knowing completeness.
Jenny Han, Always and Forever, Lara Jean|Noemy says, “I guess it’s just the idea of love I miss. And, well, it was a good kiss.” Her smile turns rueful. “At least I got some practice.” A wonderful idea occurs to Abel. “Do you need more practice?” “Huh?” “We could practice, if you wanted."He smiles as he starts to explain."Remember what I told you on Genesis? I’m programmed with a wide array of techniques for providing physical pleasure, via every activity from kissing to the more arcane positions for sexual intercourse. Although I’ve never performed any of them before, I’m confident I could do so very skillfully.” She stares at him, eyes wide. Since she is swift to voice objections if she has them, Abel takes her silence as an encouraging sign. So he sits up on the bed to explain the further compelling reasons now coming to mind. “Humans need a certain amount of physical release and comfort in order to be psychologicallly healthy. You’ve been away from your family and friends for some time, and have endured considerable trauma, suggesting you are in even greater need than usual. I have all the information and technique necessary to be an excellent partner, my body is designed to be appealing, and of course I can neither carry disease nor impregnate you. We have total privacy and many hours of spare time. Conditions for intercourse would seem to be ideal.
Kathleen Tessaro, The Perfume Collector|None of these things bothered us excessively; we have always been a family that carries bewilderment like a banner, and odd new confusions do not actually seem to be any more bewildering than the ones we invent for ourselves; moreover, in each of these cases it was easier to believe that nothing had happened, or that it was of no importance anyway.
J.C. Emery, Ride|one of the great virtues of Christianity, according to (John)Wesley, is the way it fills up our every waking hour. Both (N.T.) Wright and Wesley write that Christianity is not just about what God does for us but what God does in us.
Dada Bhagwan|When someone picks the Gnani Purush’s [the enlightened one’s] ‘pocket’, how does the Gnani Purush’’ look at it? “Very well! This amount is now credited to my account”! Money spent for the home is money down the drain. How can anyone ‘see’ this [fact] with the narrow inner intent of ‘mine and yours’? With an all encompassing [broader] intent, one will see ‘as it is’, that is called ‘Gnan’ [Knowledge].
J.I. Packer, Rediscovering Holiness|To summarize, then, it appears that Christian holiness is a number of things together. It has both outward and inward aspects. Holiness is a matter of both action and motivation, conduct and character, divine grace and human effort, obedience and creativity, submission and initiative, consecration to God and commitment to people, self-discipline and self-giving, righteousness and love. It is a matter of Spirit-led law-keeping, a walk, or course of life, in the Spirit that displays the fruit of the Spirit (Christlikeness of attitude and disposition). It is a matter of seeking to imitate Jesus' way of behaving, through depending on Jesus for deliverance from carnal self-absorption and for discernment of spiritual needs and possibilities.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Wherever you are, you must shine.
Shannon Noelle Long, Second Coming|Sitting alone...where we usually used to sit...n looking behind those memories ,we enjoyed together.....
VIRGIL PROFEANU|A master's (an artist's) Modus Vivendi is to guide his creative self on the path of generating ideas, in a synergistic work resonating with the client's needs and Universe inspiration.
Robert Sarah, The Power of Silence: Against the Dictatorship of Noise|- Mr. Berg, Are you an Afrikaner?- Yes-And are you proud of it?-I am not ashamed of it, but I am not proud of it, for in fact I had nothing to do with it.
Marilynne Robinson, When I Was a Child I Read Books|No one can read the books of Moses with any care without understanding that law can be a means of grace. Certainly this law is of one spirit with the Son of Man who says, "I was hungry and you fed me. I was naked and you clothed me." This kind of worldliness entails the conferring of material benefit over and above mere equity. It means a recognition of and respect for both the intimacy of God's compassion and the very tangible forms in which it finds expression.
Jimmy Carter|This is what we call smart power. Using every possible tool and partner to advance peace and security. Leaving no one on the sidelines. Showing respect even for one's enemies. Trying to understand, in so far as psychologically possible, empathize with their perspective and point of view. Helping to define the problems, determine the solutions.
Zig Ziglar|Imagine all the people living life in peace. You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us, and the world will be as one.
Mark Pryor|I should like to suggest to you that the cause of all the economic troubles is that we have an economic system which tries to maintain an equality of value between two things, which it would be better to recognise from the beginning as of unequal value.
Erin Wunker, Notes from a Feminist Killjoy: Essays on Everyday Life|So one of my responsibilities, as a white, cis-gendered woman, is to learn how to be a traitor to the 'joys' of patriarchal culture that I experience, however unconsciously.
Richard Finney, Demon Days: Angel of Light|Oh God,” Jenna said, “will you shut up and kiss me before I change my mind?
Niccolo Machiavelli|Pride, envy, avarice - these are the sparks have set on fire the hearts of all men.
Theodore Roosevelt, The Rough Riders|Most of the men had simple souls. They could relate facts, but they said very little about what they dimly felt.
Utpal Dutta|I dare to dream a dream, for tomorrow I shall make it my reality!
Chris   Howard, Rootless|He was a compact, clearcut man, with precise features, a lot of very soft black hair, and thoughtful dark brown eyes. He had a look of wariness, which could change when he felt relaxed or happy, which was not often in these difficult days, into a smile of amused friendliness and pleasure which aroused feelings of warmth, and something more, in many women.
|The only time you should worry is when people stop talking about you. If you are doing something positive with your life, a lot of people would talk about you. Some would say good things about you, and others would speak negatively about you. But when it's all said and done, the only thing that would matter is that you are doing something positive with your life.
C.M. Stunich, Losing Me, Finding You|The man was rude, crude, and inappropriate. I was taken with him the moment I walked in the door, and I knew the first moment I saw him that it was going to be raw, it was going to be ugly, and I was going to enjoy every damn minute of it.
Rachel Higginson, Every Wrong Reason|We're a mess, Kate.
Dominick Cruz|I like superheroes who are very human and underdog. That's why I relate to my character in 'A Flying Jatt': because he is a very normal person and very human. He was very unsure about his super powers; he didn't know how to use them. He is scared of heights, speed. Especially he is scared of his mom, but he has to listen to her.
Melissa Seligman, The Day After He Left for Iraq: A Story of Love, Family, and Reunion|Afghanistan changed him, but Iraq sculpted him.
Fulton J. Sheen, Life of Christ|Skeptics always want miracles such as stepping down from the Cross, but never the greater miracle of forgiveness.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Return of Sherlock Holmes|The day will come when some more powerful man will get fame and riches from my invention, but nobody will believe that poor John Fitch can do anything worthy of attention.
Bill Cosby|The real story of Facebook is just that we've worked so hard for all this time. I mean, the real story is actually probably pretty boring, right? I mean, we just sat at our computers for six years and coded.
Gudjon Bergmann, Experifaith: At the Heart of Every Religion; An Experiential Approach to Individual Spirituality and Improved Interfaith Relations|When studying the world’s religions, there appear to be two primary paths available to those who want to practice their faith. One path is internal and contemplative in nature. The other is emotional, external, and actionable in nature. I have identified these as the paths of oneness and goodness.
John Lasseter|I loved animation and cartoons, even when it was not cool when you were in high school. I raced home to see the Bugs Bunny cartoons.
Bill Watterson, Calvin and Hobbes|In the long run - everyone is different, but we are all human. Everyone deserves love no matter what they look like, everyone needs faith in their life, hope in their heart, and love to give for otherwise life will be terrible. Everyone makes mistakes, NO ONE is perfect (yes that means YOU reading this and it means ME as well). I believe we all need to be more accepting, less judgmental, more loving, less bitter, and more willing to look past the flaws at the person inside.
Edward Wood, 1st Earl of Halifax|A poor man with nothing in his belly needs hope, illusion, more than bread.
Dean Young|Love I never associated with the senses, it was not even passion that I wanted; it was a conscious, subtle, elaborate sensuality, which I knew not how to procure.
Amit Kalantri|The primary feature of women is not a 'beauty', it's a 'mystery'.
Jennifer Niven, All the Bright Places|Achilles weeps. He cradles me, and will not eat, nor speak a word other than my name.
Jimi Hendrix|Music doesn't lie. If there is something to be changed in this world, then it can only happen through music.
Jessie Burton|But words are water in Amsterdam, they flood your ears and set the rot, and the church's east corner is crowded.
Julie James, Just the Sexiest Man Alive|Like a shot from a movie, the morning sun shone brilliantly around him like a god—his dark hair glinted warmly in the light, and his eyes gleamed bluer than the south Pacific Ocean.Taylor's mind went blank. And suddenly, she couldn't remember why the hell she ever had been angry with Jason Andrews.But then he spoke."Sleeping in this morning, Ms. Donovan?" he drawled.Moment over.
Haruki Murakami, Sputnik Sweetheart|In dreams you don't need to make any distinctions between things. Not at all. Boundaries don't exist. So in dreams there are hardly ever collisions. Even if there are, they don't hurt. Reality is different. Reality bites. Reality, reality.
Paul Bloom|My hope is that in the future, women stop referring to themselves as 'the only woman' in their physics lab or 'only one of two' in their computer science jobs.
Annie Dillard, The Writing Life|Write if you will: but write about the world as it is and as you think it ought to be and must be—if there is to be a world. Write about all the things that men have written about since the beginning of writing and talking—but write to a point. Work hard at it, care about it. Write about our people: tell their story. You have something glorious to draw on begging for attention. Don’t pass it up. Use it. Good luck to you. The Nation needs your gifts. Lorraine Hansberry speech, “To Be Young, Gifted, and Black,” given to Readers Digest/United Negro College Fund creative writing contest winners, NYC, May 1, 1964.
W. G. Sebold|That evening I was the sole guest in the huge dining room, and it was the same startled person who took my order and shortly afterwards brought me a fish that had doubtless lain entombed in the deep-freeze for years. The breadcrumb armour-plating of the fish had been partly singed by the grill, and the prongs of my fork bent on it. Indeed it was so difficult to penetrate what eventually proved to be nothing but an empty shell that my plate was a hideous mess once the operation was over. The tartare sauce that I had had to squeeze out of a plastic sachet was turned grey by the sooty breadcrumbs, and the fish itself, or what feigned to be fish, lay a sorry wreck among the grass-green peas and the remains of soggy chips that gleamed with fat.
Isabella Poretsis|It is far kinder and smarter to show someone a better path in life than to darkly follow down their's with the self-righteous belief that you do so with the purer intentions of justly punishing them for their previous actions, making you hypocritically the same and thus influencing further negative repercussions.
Debasish Mridha|To see yourself and others in the darkness, be the light of courage and enlighten them.
Mario Botta|Sand dunes are almost like ready-made buildings in a way. All we need to do is solidify the parts that we need to be solid, and then excavate the sand, and we have our architecture. We can either excavate it by hand, or we can have the wind excavate it for us.
Erin Fall Haskell|If you're searching for something out in the world to bring you happiness, wealth or love, then you are in for a tough journey. The key to success is never out there, but rather within. It is merely a side effect of awakening the divine within!
Lori Hatcher, Hungry for God ... Starving for Time - Five-Minute Devotions for Busy Women|In the words of a pastor friend, "Christianity is less about holding on to God and more about God holding on to you.
Carl Sagan, Cosmos|Every aspect of Nature reveals a deep mystery and touches our sense of wonder and awe. Those afraid of the universe as it really is, those who pretend to nonexistent knowledge and envision a Cosmos centered on human beings will prefer the fleeting comforts of superstition. They avoid rather than confront the world. But those with the courage to explore the weave and structure of the Cosmos, even where it differs profoundly from their wishes and prejudices, will penetrate its deepest mysteries.
Rory Kinnear|Regardless of what one's attitude towards prohibition may be, temperance is something against which, at a time of war, no reasonable protest can be made.
Michael Ruse|People who are depressed at the thought that all our motives are selfish are [confused]. They have mixed up ultimate causation (why something evolved by natural selection) with proximate causation (how the entity works here and now). [A] good way to understand the logic of natural selection is to imagine that genes are agents with selfish motives. [T]he genes have metaphorical motives — making copies of themselves — and the organisms they design have real motives. But they are not the same motives. Sometimes the most selfish thing a gene can do is wire unselfish motives into a human brain — heartfelt, unstinting, deep-in-the-marrow unselfishness. The love of children (who carry one's genes into posterity), a faithful spouse (whose genetic fate is identical to one's own), and friends and allies (who trust you if you're trustworthy) can be bottomless and unimpeachable as far as we humans are concerned (proximate level), even if it is metaphorically self-serving as far as the genes are concerned (ultimate level). Combine this with the common misconception that the genes are a kind of essence or core of the person, and you get a mongrel of Dawkins and Freud: the idea that the metaphorical motives of the genes are the deep, unconscious, ulterior motives of the person. That is an error.
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist|Let the tears which fell, and the broken words which were exchanged in the long close embrace between the orphans, be sacred. A father, sister, and mother, were gained, and lost, in that one moment. Joy and grief were mingled in the cup; but there were no bitter tears: for even grief arose so softened, and clothed in such sweet and tender recollections, that it became a solemn pleasure, and lost all character of pain.
Swami Dhyan Giten|Nobody ever reaches to God, God comes to you when you are open and receptive, when you are ready.
John Cena|I call horses 'divine mirrors' - they reflect back the emotions you put in. If you put in love and respect and kindness and curiosity, the horse will return that.
Zain Baloch|Life is like a tree, even if it is not always green, it still is colourful and beautiful.
Rachel Field, All This, and Heaven Too|The more one suffered and lived, the more one had known of joy and grief, the deeper the response must be if an artist were great enough to summon it.
Oriana Fallaci|Nerds... the 'nerd' has never been precisely defined, thanks to the psychological complexity of the creature. The word has connotations of some level of intelligence. The typical nerd is a male with intelligence but no sense of giving it a manly face.
David Platt|The price is certainly high for people who don’t know Christ and who live in a world where Christians shrink back from self-denying faith and settle into self-indulging faith. While Christians choose to spend their lives fulfilling the American dream instead of giving their lives to proclaiming the kingdom of God, literally billions in need of the Gospel remain in the dark
Схиархимандрит Касиан|Съвестта е онзи глас Божий в нас, онова огледало, в което ние се оглеждаме и виждаме своите недостатъци.
Alan Shepard|Any writing teacher tells you to write what you know, and for better or for worse, Washington is a world I know well.
Ayn Rand|We... we are basically good.""Haven't you been paying attention, Littlepip? Deep inside, we're all raiders.""No! That's not true.""No? Even the best of us fall to evil at the drop of a hat.
Robert Motherwell|The challenge is to practice politics as the art of making what appears to be impossible, possible.
David Attenborough|I certainly respect other people's opinions, but I would not vote for a woman to be the pastor of a church.
Christine de Pizan, The Treasure of the City of Ladies|Women particularly should concern themselves with peace because men by nature are more foolhardy and headstrong, and their overwhelming desire to avenge themselves prevents them from foreseeing the resulting dangers and terrors of war. But woman by nature is more gentle and circumspect. Therefore, if she has sufficient will and wisdom she can provide the best possible means to pacify man.
Parker Palmer|What I found particularly fascinating and satisfying about the Hindu tradition was its spirit of inclusiveness. In Sanatan Dharma, or what is commonly called Hinduism, I discovered the basic truths of all religions in a way that the oneness of God and religion is comprehensively understood.
Richard   Preston, The Hot Zone: The Terrifying True Story of the Origins of the Ebola Virus|When I was a child, I thought,Casually, that solitudeNever needed to be sought.Something everybody had,Like nakedness, it lay at hand,Not specially right or specially wrong,A plentiful and obvious thingNot at all hard to understand.Then, after twenty, it becameAt once more difficult to getAnd more desired -- though all the sameMore undesirable; for whatYou are alone has, to achieveThe rank of fact, to be expressedIn terms of others, or it's justA compensating make-believe.Much better stay in company!To love you must have someone else,Giving requires a legatee,Good neighbours need whole parishfulsOf folk to do it on -- in short,Our virtues are all social; if,Deprived of solitude, you chafe,It's clear you're not the virtuous sort.Viciously, then, I lock my door.The gas-fire breathes. The wind outsideUshers in evening rain. Once moreUncontradicting solitudeSupports me on its giant palm;And like a sea-anemoneOr simple snail, there cautiouslyUnfolds, emerges, what 
Geraldine Brooks, The Secret Chord|David ran through concrete advantages. And then set aside the practical. The pragmatist was gone, replaced by the poet and mystic.
Heidi Klum|We all have life storms, and when we get the rough times and we recover from them, we should celebrate that we got through it. No matter how bad it may seem, there's always something beautiful that you can find.
Katherine McIntyre, Soul Solution|I am swimming and it is just sunrise, the sky so gray as to be almost invisible. I rise to the surface to breathe and that’s when I see the dark shadow of a boat, gliding gently toward me in the water. Men ride in the boat, their faces grim and greedy and silent, and as I turn to watch them I feel a bite in my side, a piercing pain.
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|Have you ever wondered which hurts more:Saying something and wishing you hadn't, or saying nothing and wishing you had?
Einar Thorsteinn|The Golden Proportion, sometimes called the Divine Proportion, has come down to us from the beginning of creation. The harmony of this ancient proportion, built into the very structure of creation, can be unlocked with the 'key' ... 528, opening to us its marvelous beauty. Plato called it the most binding of all mathematical relations, and the key to the physics of the cosmos.
Whit Stillman|Normally, I stay away from politics - unless I'm going to run for president.
Johnny Rich, The Human Script|For someone to be perfect, they must be real, however imperfect they are.
George Michael|It's as if inside the White House the belief in Obama's inspirational charisma is still such that every time the ugliness of brute politics intrudes, it's a startling revelation.
Darrell Calkins, Re:|The experience of yearning is a composite of Nature’s purest impulse in you (the need for radical movement; think of all the analogies in all the religions and philosophies concerning the truth and beauty of light; if you take it literally, that means to become truth, beauty, light, get moving at 299,792,458 kilometres per second) combined with your unique qualities and talents of past/present/future (experiences, potentials, attractions and distractions, imagination, etc.). Simply put: need for radical movement in a definite direction.
Sylvia Day, Bared to You|Sex that's planned like a business transaction is a turnoff for me..... Listen to yourself. Why even call it a fuck? Why not be clear and call it a seminal emission in a pre-approved orifice?" (Eva to Gideon)
Eder Holguin|Start now, do not wait for things to be perfect
Darrell Calkins|As a soul, you have the freedom – and earned responsibility – to transpose your personal process of evolution, to manifest your greatest talents and vision, into the work that matters to you most as a means to personal redemption.
Lisa Kessler, Ice Moon|---	"That first day when we met, when I gave you my estimate for the deck project and you wouldn't shake my hand..." I laced my fingers with hers. "There was something sad and lonely in your eyes. I knew all about your reputation, your nickname the Ice Queen, but that wasn't what I saw that day. When I looked into your blue eyes, I saw a princess locked away in a tower, a prisoner. I wanted to set you free.
Julie   Murphy|I miss the days of burning your kind at the stake. For generations we have settled for financial ruin and ostracization of your whorish ancestors - but know this, I will personally gut you and put your head on a pike in my parlor.
Stephen King|If you don't have time to read, you don't have the time (or the tools) to write. Simple as that.
Peter Kreeft, Jesus-Shock|No story is more beautiful than the Gospel, even though it is a story full of pain and nails and hate and blood and sin and murder and betrayal and forsakenness and unimaginable agony and death. It is the story of what happens to the most beautiful thing, Perfect Love, when it enters our world: it comes to a Cross, to the crossroad between good and evil. All our most beautiful stories are like the Gospel: they are tragedies first, and then comedies; they are crosses and then crowns. They are crosses because they are conflicts between good and evil. That is the fundamental plot of every great story. To say "that story is beautiful" means "that story resembles the Gospel." If you are bored by the Gospel, that puts no black eye on the Gospel, but on you. Most likely, it means you have never listened to it. You must have heard it, but hearing is far from the same thing as listening...
Dada Bhagwan|Gnani Purush’ (The Enlightened one) is pure, so one becomes pure by just seeing him.
Matt Abrams, She's Toxic|This is a very bad book you’re writing,” I said to myself behind my leaks. “I know,” I said. “You’re afraid you’ll kill yourself the way your mother did,” I said. “I know,” I said. There in the cocktail lounge, peering out through my leaks at a world of my own invention, I mouthed this word: schizophrenia. The sound and appearance of the word had fascinated me for many years. It sounded and looked to me like a human being sneezing in a blizzard of soapflakes.
Rollo May, The Meaning of Anxiety|Everyone belongs to a society, whether he wishes it or not, whether he chooses it or not, whether he contributes constructively to its development or does the reverse. Community, on the contrary, implies one's relating one's self to others affirmatively and responsibly. Community in the economic sense implies an emphasis on the social values and functions of work. Community in the psychological sense involves the individual's relating himself to others in love as well as creativity.
Ndamukong Suh|On stage, I find anger at the unfairness of the world easily.
Dōgen, Beyond Thinking: A Guide to Zen Meditation|Only those who have the great capacity of genuine trust can enter this realm [the realm of the buddhas]. Those who have no trust are unable to accept it, however much they hear it.
Marina Keegan, The Opposite of Loneliness: Essays and Stories|I spread my fingers outward, letting the knife tip of my middle finger rip the sky as it tares a rift in the moon.
Michael D. O'Brien, Father Elijah: An Apocalypse|Tell me, Anna, if man is capable of projecting his belief onto the cosmos, isn't it possible by the same token, that he can project his unbelief onto the cosmos?
Paula Radcliffe|We may smile at these matters, but they are melancholy illustrations.
Andre Rieu|Well, it's a humor strip, so my first responsibility has always been to entertain the reader... But if, in addition, I can help move readers to thought and judgment about issues that concern me, so much the better.
Sandeep N Tripathi|Love, an ocean.
Kevin Focke|I think the suicide rate is so high among writers because we force ourselves to stand still, take an outsider’s perspective, and realise how quickly a life passes by, and how futile we are. The exhilarating upside is that at a moment’s glance all your worries fade away, and you can work on making the most of it.
Eugene Kennedy|I understand by this passion the union of desire, friendship, and tenderness, which is inflamed by a single female, which prefers her to the rest of her sex, and which seeks her possession as the supreme or the sole happiness of our being.
m.k|That ain't me, that ain't my face. It wasn't even me when I was trying to be that face. I wasn't even really me them; I was just being the way I looked, the way people wanted.
Jim Butcher, Death Masks|They don't make morgues with windows. In fact, if the geography allows for it, they hardly ever make morgues above the ground. I guess it's partly because it must be eisier to refrigerate a bunch of coffin-sized chambers in a room insulated by the earth. But that can't be all there is to it. Under the earth means a lot more than relative altitude. It's where dead things fit. Graves are under the earth. So are Hell, Gehenna, Hades, and a dozen other reported afterlives.Maybe it says somthing about people. Maybe for us, under the earth is a subtle and profound statement. Maybe ground level provides us with a kind of symbolic boundary marker, an artificial construct that helps us remember that we are alive. Mabye it helps us push death's shadow back from our lives.I live in a basement apartment and like it. What does that say about me?Probably that I overanalyze things.
Tanya Masse|I'm quite certain that if I lost my sense of humor, it would most definitely need to be replaced by a padded cell.
Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|Smartass Disciple: Master, what did you do to earn wisdom ?Master of Stupidity: Well, I forget. Shit happened, life goes on.
Rob Sheffield, Love Is a Mix Tape|The dilemma of the eighth-grade dance is that boys and girls use music in different ways. Girls enjoy music they can dance to, music with strong vocals and catchy melodies. Boys, on the other hand, enjoy music they can improve by making up filthy new lyrics.
Red Tash, This Brilliant Darkness|Now that I’ve reached the ripe old age of retirement, I feel it my duty to teach you everything I’ve learnt about love, so listen closely. Love is like… That’s as far as I’ve gotten I’m afraid.
|Aside from God, you are your best helping hand. God has already blessed you with the ability to always strive and thrive. Try not to disappoint yourself.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Frankenstein; or, The Modern Prometheus|I had desired it with an ardor that far exceeded moderation, but now that I had finished, the beauty of the dream vanished, and breathless horror and disgust filled my heart.
J.K. Rowling, Very Good Lives: The Fringe Benefits of Failure and the Importance of Imagination|You might never fail on the scale I did, but some failure in life is inevitable. It is impossible to live without failing at something, unless you live so cautiously that you might as well not have lived at all - in which case, you fail by default.
Neal Boortz|Failure in the theater is more dramatic and uglier than any other form of writing. It costs so much, you feel so guilty.
J.B.Alves|What do you do with humans? You eat from them just a little, if they are delicious. You delight in their flesh sometimes, if they are not tedious.
J.K. Rowling, Short Stories from Hogwarts of Power, Politics and Pesky Poltergeists|Every witch or wizard with a wand has held in his or her hands more power than we will ever know. With the right spell or potion, they can fabricate love, travel through time, change physical form and even extinguish life.
Gerald Jampolsky|Police and firefighters are great, but they don't create wealth. They protect it. That's crucial. Teaching is a wonderful profession. Teachers help educate people to become good citizens so that citizens can then go create wealth. But they don't create the wealth themselves.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|Power is okay, and stupidity is usually harmless. Power and stupidity together are dangerous".
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|To Polish the Gold & Help Others Shine . . . Flip your positivity switch:What is your first instinct? If you are quick to find fault, look for the negative, or complain about another person, knock it off! It makes you less fun to be around. When you feel those negative thoughts and judgments coming in, catch yourself and STOP!
Michael Ben Zehabe, The Meaning of Hebrew Letters: A Hebrew Language Program for Christians|And God does have a personality. He can't hide from us. His personality shines through every Hebrew letter, on every page. Sometimes we forget that God is a person--not a fleshly person, but a person nonetheless. (page iii)
Tae Yun Kim, The First Element: Secrets to Maximizing Your Energy|Blue is a tranquilizer, imparting coolness to your system. Blue slows down your system so it can heal and mend. Positive qualities of blue are willpower, aspiration, and reliability. Foods of the blue vibration are: grapes, blackberries, blue plums, blueberries, and any other blue fruits or vegetables.
Hans Eysenck|For me, the most fun is change or growth. There are definitely elements of both that I like. Launching a business is kind of like a motorboat: You can go very quickly and turn fast.
Anton Chekhov, The Exclamation Mark|When sonneteering Wordsworth re-creates the landing of Mary Queen of Scots at the mouth of the Derwent -Dear to the Loves, and to the Graces vowed,The Queen drew back the wimple that she wore- he unveils nothing less than a canvas by Rubens, baroque master of baroque masters; this is the landing of a TRAGIC Marie de Medicis.Yet so receptive was the English ear to sheep-Wordsworth's perverse 'Enough of Art' that it is not any of these works of supreme art, these master-sonnets of English literature, that are sold as picture postcards, with the text in lieu of the view, in the Lake District! it is those eternally, infernally sprightly Daffodils.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Life is a long road with lots of junctions and every time you chose to go one way, you may just have easily have gone the other. We don't make choices so much as choices are made like a new fashion we slip into without realising.
Robert Musil|I'm definitely one of those actresses who comes to a set knowing how I want to do a scene, and I definitely love input from my directors and my writers. I know that there's some actors who like to be left alone, they like to be very independent, but I actually really enjoy the teamwork.
Pablo Neruda|With a chaste heart With pure eyes I celebrate your beautyHolding the leash of bloodSo that it might leap out and trace your outline Where you lie down in my Ode As in a land of forests or in surfIn aromatic loam, or in sea musicBeautiful nudeEqually beautiful your feetArched by primeval tap of wind or soundYour ears, small shellsOf the splendid American seaYour breasts of level plentitudeFulfilled by living lightYour flying eyelids of wheatRevealing or enclosingThe two deep countries of your eyesThe line your shoulders have divided into pale regionsLoses itself and blends into the compact halves of an apple Continues separating your beauty down into two columns ofBurnished goldFine alabasterTo sink into the two grapes of your feetWhere your twin symmetrical tree burns again and risesFlowering fireOpen chandelierA swelling fruit Over the pact of sea and earth From what materialsAgate?Quartz?Wheat?Did your body come together?Swelling like baking bread to signal silvered hills The cleavage of one petal Sweet fruits of a deep velvet Until alone remainedAstonished The fine and firm feminine form It is not only light that falls over the world spreading inside your bodyYet suffocate itselfSo much is clarity Taking its leave of youAs if you were on fire within The moon lives in the lining of your skin.
Donna Lynn Hope|Nocturnal with a love for night, I'd stay up to see sunlight...
Dolores Hitchens, The Watcher|And he who would not languish among men, must learn to drink out of all glasses; and he who would keep clean among men, must know how to wash himself even with dirty water.
Frank Norris, Moran of the Lady Letty|...maybe you can curb your bibliophile tendencies for the moment? It's not like we don't have other...priorities....at present.""Nonsense," the bookseller said. "There's always time to appreciate a good book.
Bill Hicks|The idea of getting a, you know, syringe full of heroin and shooting it in the vein under my cock right now seems like almost a productive act.
Ramsey Isler, The Remortal|I jumped between them holding my hands up in front of me to stop the onslaught. We would all sit down and figure this out as rational adults. We’d been adults for a century at least, and it should not be a problem. It appeared to be a problem.
Michael Coren, Why Catholics are Right|The vulgar modern argument used against religion, and lately against common decency, would be absolutely fatal to any idea of liberty. It is perpetually said that because there are a hundred religions claiming to be true, it is therefore impossible that one of them should really be true. The argument would appear on the face of it to be illogical, if anyone nowadays troubled about logic. It would be as reasonable to say that because some people thought the earth was flat, and others (rather less incorrectly) imagined it was round, and because anybody is free to say that it is triangular or hexagonal, or a rhomboid, therefore it has no shape at all; or its shape can never be discovered; and, anyhow, modern science must be wrong in saying it is an oblate spheroid. The world must be some shape, and it must be that shape and no other; and it is not self-evident that nobody can possibly hit on the right one. What so obviously applies to the material shape of the world equally applies to the moral shape of the universe. The man who describes it may not be right, but it is no argument against his rightness that a number of other people must be wrong.
Saji Ijiyemi|There is an oak tree is inside the acorn seed, but the acorn seed will never become an oak tree unless it is willing to grow and develop
Doris Lessing, The Grass is Singing|Loneliness, she thought, was craving for other people's company. But she did not know that loneliness can be an unnoticed cramping of the spirit for lack of companionship.
A. Lee Brock, Penny Willan and the Well: A Fairy Tale of Ode|Rain turned to ice,and lightning splintered, it splicedthe black sky, it seeped a bright white.All animals they fled,from the sky as it bled,pale death that fell veiling the night.
Ashly Lorenzana|I'm pretty lost in becoming all this frost. Bitter, like Winter. Strung-out like a string of pearls.
Robert Tew|Sometimes walking away has nothing do with weakness, and everything to do with strength. We walk away not because we want others to realize our worth and value, but because we finally realize our own.
Joel Stein, Man Made: A Stupid Quest for Masculinity|In sum, one of the primary things I learned was how to kill time. I learned also to wish away my life. I learned to give myself away.
Ai Yazawa|Even if you fulfill your hearts desire, by sacrificing something important, you may not necessarily be happy. Happiness doesn’t come in one form, it determined by your own heart.
Paula Abdul|When we know Love, fear has no value in our presence. There is no pressure to perform and mask our humanity. We can BE and when we BE. We can inspire others to BE.
Charles Keating|So technologies, whether it is a telephone or an iPhone, computers in general or automobiles, television even, all individualize us. We all sit in front of our iPhones and communicating but are we really communicating?
Corita Kent|The gods were there to do the duties of a megaphone, because who else would people listen to?
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|Whatever our destiny is or may be, we have made it ourselves, and we do not complain of it.
Gabriel García Márquez|My God, if I had a heart, I would write my hate on ice, and wait for the sun to show.
Carrie Fisher|The moment for action has arrived, and I know that I can trust in you to save our country.
Harrish Sairaman|The political writer, then is the ultimate optimist, believing people are capable of change and using words as one way to try and penetrate the privatism of our lives.
M. Basilea Schlink|Our repentance should begin with the fact that we have no longer taken the Word of God seriously and have not come to repentance. We dared to use our own standards and were satisfied when we lived up to them. We are like the Pharisees.Outwardly we participate in Christian activities, perhaps even enthusiastically...And we think that this is enough. We use our own yardstick.But God will measure our lives according to His standards, and we shall have no excuse when we appear before His judgment seat, for He has clearly proclaimed His standards in His Word.
Janette Rallison, My Double Life|But you're worried I'll get in trouble?" I try not to show how much this pleases me. I've managed to ignore him for days now and here I sit. Lapping up his attention like a neglected puppy. My voice takes on an edge. "Why do you care? I've ignored you for days."His smile fades. He looks serious, mockingly so. "Yeah. You got to stop that.
Fernando A. Torres, A Habit of Resistance|Being Scared-off by EvilLastly, we deny the presence of evil because we are terriﬁed by the horrendously hurtful, cruel, and bloody kinds of evil people tell us about—if we are willing to listen. This was poignantly brought home during an interdisciplinary case conference involving a resident who was counseling for the ﬁrst time a woman who had been sexually abused. As we worked with him, it became clear that he was resisting entering what he called the 'psychic cave" of her sealed—off experience from which she was shouting for assistance. Because of his resistance, he was not providing her the support and guidance she so desperately needed, and he was not facilitating her working through the abuse and hurt that were continuing to impact her life. As he was confronted about this at one point in the conference, he stated tearfully: "I'm afraid if I help her move into her memories. I will have to go with her, and if I go with her, my view of the world as a basically good and safe place will be shattered. I'm not sure I can handle that for myself, or be able to think about the fact that my wife and kids may be more vulnerable living in this world than I can be comfortable believing" (Means 1995, 299).
Patricia Lynne, Being Human|Safe?” Her voice was small, timid and delicate. But beautiful. The one word chimed like little bells. Her first word spoken to me.
Rachael Wade, The Gates|I looked around the room, at everyone who inhabited the space, person and monster, slave and master, aware we were in the madness together, swirling around in the same mess, all out to get something, a piece of our own pie. But I knew that in the midst of that noxious stew, coming to terms with our poisons was only the beginning. Ever forward, Cecile’s voice replayed in my mind. Ever forward.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|Unfortunately, nature is very much a now-you-see-it, now-you-don't affair. A fish flashes, then dissolves in the water before my eyes like so much salt. Deer apparently ascend bodily into heaven, the brightest oriole fades into leaves. These disappearances stun me into stillness and concentration; they say of nature that it conceals with a grand nonchalance, and they say of vision that it is a deliberate gift, ... For a week last September migrating red-winged blackbirds were feeding heavily down by the creek at the back of the house. One day I went out to investigate the racket: I walked up to a tree, an Osage orange, and a hundred birds flew away. They simply materialized out of the tree. I saw a tree, then a whisk of color, then a tree again. I walked closer and another hundred blackbirds took flight. Not a branch, not a twig budged: the birds were apparently weightless as well as invisible. Or, it was as if the leaves of the Osage orange had been freed from a spell in the form of red-winged blackbirds; they flew from the tree, caught my eye in the sky, and vanished. When I looked again at the tree the leaves had reassembled as if nothing had happened. Finally I walked directly to the trunk of the tree and a final hundred, the real diehards, appeared, spread, and vanished. How could so many hide in the tree without my seeing them? The Osage orange, unruffled, looked just as it had looked from the house, when three hundred red-winged blackbirds cried from its crown. I looked downstream where they flew, and they were gone. Searching, I couldn't spot one. I wandered downstream to force them to play their hand, but they'd crossed the creek and scattered. One show to a customer. These appearances catch at my throat; they are the free gifts, the bright coppers at the roots of trees.
Carrie Ann Ryan, Love Restored|He grinned at her intently before leaning over the counter and running his thumb along her jaw. It took everything inside of her not to lean into that touch. When he lowered his head and brushed his lips over hers, she made a little sound that caused Graham to growl.	"Later," he whispered as he pulled back.
Leia Castle|When you've been everywhere, tried it all and done it all, what's left is the exploration of self, intellectually and sexually, through curiosity and erotica.
Alexandar Tomov|Quote from “FUTURE GONE”:“…I set the house on fire. It’s dark outside. The fire tears down the darkness. I turn my back to the place and leave, not knowing where. And suddenly I understand…All dreams are dead now”.
Maya Angelou, I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings|Nothing new about death, nothing new about deaths caused militarily. We scorched and boiled and baked to death more people in Tokyo on that night of March 9-10 than went up in vapor at Hiroshima and Nagasaki combined.
Waylon H. Lewis, Things I Would Like To Do With You|I would like to hold your hand as it holds this green leaf, yellowed, that fell early from its tree, this Autumn. And I would like to imagine that it feels your careful care, for your eyes are warmed by your heart, and I would let you sadly nestle into me as a bird folds into its nest, resigning itself to a storm. For my heart is as large as a city, and it glows with the fire that, with the right mischievous love, shall serve to inspire thousands upon thousands to inspire thousands upon thousands.
Melissa Grijalva|And maybe if I can find a way to stop being scared, I'll actually figure out how to make friends. To be strong. To stop wallowing in my own problems.
Paul Murray, The Mark and the Void|Ariadne made an impression on you, and that's great. But life is not literature. Sooner or later, the spell wears off, the romantic feelings disappear, and you're left watching somebody's body disintegrate. You start with a love story, you end up manacled to an hourglass, watching the sands run out.
Salma Hayek|In the world of maternal health, cell phone technology is being used to provide prenatal care, linking pregnant women to health care providers when they can't otherwise reach healthcare facilities.
Isa Quintin, LadyKiller|¿Por qué poner tanto empeño en que yo le perdonara? ¿Realmente le gustaba tanto? Es decir, ¿yo era su es para tanto?Que no era falta de autoestima, era la antesala a reconocer que yo no podría ser lo que él quería que fuera o, pensaba que era.
Richie Norton|Unless your message is that you have no message, you need a message.
Justin Cronin, The Passage|It was more than physical attraction; it was the broken thing inside him she loved most of all, the unreachable place where he kept his sadness. Because that was the thing about Peter Jaxon that nobody knew but her, because she loved him like she did: how terribly sad he was. And not just in the day-to-day, the ordinary sadness everyone carried for the things and people they had lost; his was something more. If she could find this sadness, Sara believed, and take it from him, then he would love her in return.
Linda Howard, Duncan's Bride|Wait!" she cried, and she yanked away from him and gathered her heels and her ruinedpurse. She slid the shoes on and straightened her shoulders. "I will go as a lady should," she claimed bravely. "In patent leather heels.
idk who|Wherever you go, wherever you stay - there is eternity.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Through many tributions, we begin to search for the truth.
Stephen King, Hearts in Atlantis|A book is like a pump. It gives nothing unless first you give to it. You prime a pump with your own water, you work the handle with your own strength. You do this because you expect to get back more than you give.
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|There is, so I believe, in the essence of everything, something that we cannot call learning. There is, my friend, only a knowledge-that is everywhere, that is Atman, that is in me and you and in every creature, and I am beginning to believe that this knowledge has no worse enemy than the man of knowledge, than learning.
Michael Bassey Johnson, The Infinity Sign|We’ve gotten to that stage all soulmates reach of speaking in broken phrases and incomplete sentences, our connected and all-knowing minds filling in the blanks left by redundant words.
Santosh Kalwar|Open questions like love, life, death, struggle and sex are our experiences, our opinions are not answers but they still remain mysterious unanswered questions. Let it be Open. 
David Sedaris|Look at yourself on the day that you graduated from college, then look at yourself today. I did that recently and it was like, 'Yikes! What the hell happened?
Lidia Yuknavitch, The Small Backs of Children|She’s thinking about grief and trauma, how they can hide out inside a woman, how they can come back.The playwright follows her eyes, until he sees what she sees.The photographer’s framed image, the orphan girl lit up by the explosion, a girl blowing forward, a girl coming out of fire, a girl who looks as if she might blast right through image and time into the world“I know what’s happened,” the poet says.
Barry Schwartz|Practical wisdom," Aristotle told us, "is the combination of moral will and moral skill.
Dada Bhagwan|How is power of speech (vacchanbud) attained? It is when, not a single word is uttered to make fun of others; when not a single word is uttered for wrong selfish motives, material self-gain; when speech has not been misused; when speech has not been used to gain recognition or importance from others - that is when one's power of speech is attained.
J. Saman, Start Over|His gaze turns soft, and for a moment, I’m completely swept away with the promise in those eyes. There’s nothing dirty, heated or sinister in them. They’re warm and enticing and so bloody sincere that I’m finding it hard to look away, let alone breathe.
Magda M. Olchawska, Mikolay and Julia in the Attic|Wow!” gasped Julia. They saw 20 or more young children of every sort lyingon the cold, bare ground.
Ashley Judd|If you look into someone's face long enough, eventually you're going to feel that you're looking at yourself.
Paolo Bacigalupi, The Drowned Cities|There is nothing wrong with loving your work and wanting to apply yourself to it. But there is so much more to life. Balance is what is important, maintaining balance.
Joe Clifford Faust|If you’re honest with yourself as a writer, trying to tell the best story you can, your story will be an honest one. And your values will come out, no matter how hard you try to disguise them.
Wendy Liebman|I could party in a cardboard box with people who are funny and don't care. For me, it's really about who I surround myself with, so I just try to always be with hilarious people.
Stephen Richards|When you face yourself, you face the truth of who you are.
George R.R. Martin, A Clash of Kings|Taking a single letter from the alphaber," he said, "should make life simpler.""I don't see why. Take the F from life and you have lie. It's adding a letter to simple that makes it simpler. Taking a letter from hoarder makes it harder.
Thomas Paine|God is to be worshipped as the one beloved, dearer than everything in this and next life.
Sunday Adelaja|In order to answer the question “Where am I going?” you need to not understand your mission, but also work at self-improvement
H.G. Wells|Just as all things speak about God to those that know Him, and reveal Him to those that love Him, they also hide Him from all those that neither seek nor know Him.
Libba Bray, The Sweet Far Thing|Thank you, Tempest, for loving me when understanding was too hard. Thank you for understanding when loving me is impossible.
Lauren Cagliola Green, The Visitors|I noticed how Brent twitched when I lifted the hem of my tank top to bare my stomach and ribs. The reflex was not an effort to shy away from seeing my body, but from something more carnal in nature. I deduced this from the subtle flicker of red in his blue eyes. Even this Reaper, the most powerful Stygian I had met, next to Head Reaper Marin, couldn’t mask his desire.
Stephen and Tiffany Domena|It is ashamed that history isolates things that are common to a large populace, but families don’t disperse generational history to prevent their descendants from falling in the same traps as they had.
Crescent, Sam|I’ve come to learn that people are going to hate you and like you, no matter what. I’d rather be around people I want to be around.
Charles Emmerson, 1913: In Search of the World Before the Great War|Look at it,' he said, gesturing. 'This window looks down upon hundreds more panes of glass, and behind those panes live thousands upon thousands of lost souls. When I feel cast down and helpless, scores of other men do as well, and when I am bitterly angry at feeling cast down and helpless, countless other people languish in concert with me. When I'm happy, it's the same. It's a bit like...I used to play chamber music. It's like a vast orchestra. And so I shan't ever be alone.
Alan Bradley, The Dead in Their Vaulted Arches|Although it seems shocking to say so, grief is a funny thing. On the one hand, you're numb, yet on the other, something inside is trying desperately to claw its way back to normal: to pull a funny face, to leap out like a jack-in-the-box, to say "Smile, damn you, smile!
Nema Al-Araby, Remnants and Ashes|I'm an alien in my own world, a writer without words, a musician without a piano, a magician without a wand. I am fooled by infinite words that rush in my blood, yet imprisoned by the very thoughts of silence. I'm a gray green fallow leaf on trees and abandoned on the streets, a never-ending spring season and an eternal autumn. I'm the golden of the sun and the silver of the moon, the fog of dawn and the amber of dusk. I'm the white and the red flag , the obedient and the rebel. I am the coward in the brave, and the child in the man. I am, but a writer.
Isabel Greenberg, The Encyclopedia of Early Earth|Winter is the time for stories, staying fast by the glow of fire. And outside, in the darkness, the stars are brighter than you can possibly imagine.
H.P. Oliver|Inspiration can be a wonderful thing, but it can also be quite fickle ... If you want to be able to call on inspiration reliably then you need to work on it with regularity. Someone once said that if you only go out with a bucket to collect water when it's raining, sometimes you'll get water. But if you go out with your bucket every day, even when it's not raining, sometimes you'll catch unexpected rain. And also, a strange thing may happen: that the very act of going out with your bucket may actually provoke such rain.
Larry J. Schweiger, Last Chance: Preserving Life on Earth|There are many fishes in the sea and then there are the beautiful swishy mermaids. Me?! No I'm not the fish not even the mermaid, I dont belong to the sea. I am the Ocean! At a horizon far far away I'm a whirlpool of storm rising and chasing, twirling and dancing to my own tunes and at another all calm serene still and silent, I am the ocean! limitless boundless infinite and as beautiful as I may seem from the outside, I have life within!
William Shakespeare, Macbeth|Out, out brief candle, life is but a walking shadow...a tale told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing.
Isaiyan Morrison, Deamhan|To the jaded eye, all vampires seem alike, but they are wonderful in their versatility. Some come to life in moonlight, others are killed by the sun, some pierce with their eyes, others with fangs, some are reactionary, others are rebels, but all are disturbingly close to the mortals they prey on. I can think of no other monsters who are so receptive. Vampires are neither inhuman nor nonhuman nor all-too-human, they are simply more alive than they should be.
Kunal Karan Kapoor|I think that writers are made, not born or created out of dreams of childhood trauma—that becoming a writer (or a painter, actor, director, dancer, and so on) is a direct result of conscious will. Of course there has to be some talent involved, but talent is a dreadfully cheap commodity, cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work and study; a constant process of honing. Talent is a dull knife that will cut nothing unless it is wielded with great force—a force so great the knife is not really cutting at all but bludgeoning and breaking (and after two or three of these gargantuan swipes it may succeed in breaking itself…which may be what happened to such disparate writers as Ross Lockridge and Robert E. Howard). Discipline and constant work are the whetstones upon which the dull knife of talent is honed until it becomes sharp enough, hopefully, to cut through even the toughest meat and gristle. No writer, painter, or actor—no artist—is ever handed a sharp knife (although a few are handed almighty big ones; the name we give to the artist with the big knife is “genius”), and we hone with varying degrees of zeal and aptitude.
John Steinbeck|Life is a banquet, and most poor suckers are starving to death.
Francis Bacon|I think there's a lot of intelligence out there, but that's just my guess. Question is: Are they peaceable or hostile? You could say that the peaceable ones are just going to stay at home and play with their Nintendos, so if you do meet any of them, they might be hostile.
Lisa Mantchev, Eyes Like Stars|The only reason I'm friends with any of you is because I outgrew the von Trapps, one annoying Austrian at a time.
Iris Apfel|It gave me a lot of pleasure and pride that 90 percent of the crew for 'Monsoon Wedding,' and most of my film, are women. We get the work done, you know, much lesser play of ego... And I really believe in harmony, I believe in working in a spirit of egolessness and that the film is bigger than all of us.
C.J. Cherryh, Fortress of Dragons|God, in the dream, illumined the animal's brutishness and he understood the reasons, and accepted his destiny; but when he awoke there was only a dark resignation, a valiant ignorance, for the machinery of the world is far too complex for the simplicity of a wild beast.Years later, Dante was dying in Ravenna, as unjustified and as lonely as any other man. In a dream, God declared to him the secret purpose of his life and work; Dante, in wonderment, knew at last who and what he was and blessed the bitterness of his life....upon waking, he felt that he had received and lost an infinite thing, something that he would not be able to recuperate or even glimpse, for the machinery of the world is much too complex for the simplicity of a man.
Jennifer Donnelly, Revolution|I play until my fingers are blue and stiff from the cold, and then I keep on playing. Until I'm lost in the music. Until I am the music--notes and chords, the melody and harmony. It hurts, but it's okay because when I'm the music, I'm not me. Not sad. Not afraid. Not desperate. Not guilty.
Stuart Dybek, The Coast of Chicago: Stories|The past is a candle at great distance: too close to let you quit, too far to comfort you.
Tim W. Burke, The Flesh Sutra|The unfortunate 8075 hadn't survived his assault, splintering apart, fragments of its casing skittering across the bench. The battery within had split along its plane, revealing something as out-of-place as a missile in a bathtub.
David Byrne, How Music Works|One thing you learn early growing up a girl--people always talk, whatever you do,' Glain said. 'What bliss it must be to be male.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|If you have life, smile and pursue life! Don’t keep your smile; keep smiling! We only need just one great thing in life, and that is life! All else are mere wants to gratify and beautify life. The real beauty of life is in having life and knowing what real life is all about!
Lailah Gifty Akita|Keep dreaming, dreams have no limit.
Don Everly|There is incredible potential for digital technology in and beyond the classroom, but it is vital to rethink how learning is organised if we are to reap the rewards.
Danika Stone, Intaglio: The Snake and the Coins|I think sometimes in artwork or writing or music, you discover something that just needs to be created. It’s not even something that you want to create... You’re just pulled into it like an instrument. Like you’re part of a bigger plan.
|Any marriage that exists without a sound level of unconditional love, shouldn't be called a marriage in the first place.
Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical uplifting quotes and poems|I’ve been living on the edge for so long, my friends call me Cliff
Bo Lozoff|The cause of all our personal problems and nearly all the problems of the world can be summed up in a single sentence:Human life is very deep, and our modern dominant lifestyle is not.
Lisa Genova, Left Neglected|I smile, loving him for changing with me, for going where my Neglect has taken us, for getting the new me.
Simone de Beauvoir, The Ethics of Ambiguity|Every war, every revolution, demands the sacrifice of a generation, of a collectivity, by those who undertake it.
Friedrich Nietzsche, The Gay Science|Examine the lives of the best and more fruitful men and peoples, and ask yourselves whether a tree, if it is to grow proudly into the sky, can do without bad weather and storms: whether unkindness and opposition from without, whether some sort of hatred, envy, obstinacy, mistrust, severity, greed and violence do not belong to the favouring circumstances without which a great increase even in virtue is hardly possible. The poison which destroys the weaker nature strengthens the stronger – and he does not call it poison, either.
Rudolf Karl Bultmann, Faith and Understanding|The objection to propaganda is not only its appeal to unreason, but still more the unfair advantage which it gives to the rich and powerful.
Kate Spade, Becoming Myself: Reflections on Growing Up Female|Think, Travel, Celebrate, Charm, Decorate, Dress, Live - colorfully
Dolly Parton|You know, my dad served in the President's Cabinet after his time as a governor. He told me he enjoyed being governor a lot more. Now, I understand why. If I do my job well, I can make a difference in people's lives and I can help our children realize their dreams.
Salman Khan|My hope was that organizations would start including this range of skills in their training programs - in other words, offer an adult education in social and emotional intelligence.
Jesse Schell|What could be more beautiful than a dear old lady growing wise with age? Every age can be enchanting, provided you live within it.
Mozaiah Thompson|#Writers, #artists , and #poets don't get the respect they deserve until they are either dead, or they cut off an ear Mozaiah T.﻿
Caroline Kettlewell, Skin Game|A tiny company, ‘the aware’, we have taken up civilization’s fiercest weapons to fight against the dark army of the masses whose leaders are hunger and stupidity. These weapons are the smile and the lie.
Clarice Lispector, Near to the Wild Heart|We didn't talk much, and the silence hung like a silk curtain, light and lovely.
Manoj Arora, From the Rat Race to Financial Freedom|There are roads where people go, and where they should arrive is their mission.
Cormac McCarthy, All the Pretty Horses|Let me peer out at the worldthrough your lens. (Maybe I'll shudder,or gasp, or tilt my head in a question.)Let me see how your blueis my turquoise and my orangeis your gold. Suddenly binarystars, we have startlinggravity. Let's comparescintillation - let's sharestarlight.
Margaret Atwood, Surfacing|I learned about religion the way most children learned about sex, [in the schoolyard]. . . . They terrified me by telling me there was a dead man in the sky watching everything I did and I retaliated by explaining where babies came from. Some of their mothers phoned mine to complain, though I think I was more upset than they were: they didn't believe me but I believed them.
Neal Shusterman, Antsy Does Time|No mother is ever, completely, a child's idea of what a mother should be, and I suppose it works the other way around as well. But despite everything, we didn't do too badly by one another, we did as well as most.
Mehmet Murat ildan|At age 13, I was violently mugged at a busy train station. There were dozens of onlookers, but none of them lent a hand ... That was a defining point in that stage of my life. After that, I could never tell myself that it was someone else's problem, or let a situation pass me by if I felt something had to be done. I knew from experience that all too often, no one else would act.
José Saramago, The Cave|There is no easy way out of our circumstances...Sometimes you stick it out even when you want to give up because you know that on the other side is either a better situation or a better you." -Watercrossing (Phantom Island Book 3)
Pamela Clare, Breaking Point|Javier opened her makeup kit, held it edge to edge with the dressing table, and swept everything--every vial, brush, tube, and bottle--into the kit with his forearm.Laura gaped at him. "That stuff is worth hundreds of dollars."He shrugged, then shut the kit. "That's how SEALs pack makeup.
Kat Graham|Not fighting, avoiding talking to fans... that's when the thoughts creep in about retiring and moving on to something else.
Nikki Rowe|I can feel it, logic is trying to distract me but my heart it's screaming it's him.
Joseph J. Ellis, Revolutionary Summer: The Birth of American Independence|Peace is not only the absence of war, but also a way of seeing the world, and the choices we make are how we express and manifest that vision of the world.
Stephen King|But let the wise be warned against too great readiness at explanation: it multiplies the sources of mistake, lengthening the sum for reckoners sure to go wrong.
George Eldon Ladd, A Theology of the New Testament|The miracles of healing, important as they were, were not an end in themselves. They did not constitute the highest good of the messianic salvation. This fact is illustrated by the arrangement of the phrases in Matthew 11:4-5. Greater than deliverance of the blind and the lame, the lepers and the deaf, even than raising of the dead, was the preaching of the good news to the poor. This “gospel” was the very presence of Jesus himself, and the joy and fellowship that he brought to the poor.
Carol Vorvain, A fool in Istanbul - Adventures of a self denying workaholic|They say distance makes old friendships fade away. They say with time and distance lovers forget one another. I find it quite the opposite. Distance, time, they all enhance the aroma of every moment two close souls once spent together, they magnify every little shared pleasure.
Joseph Conrad, Lord Jim|We wander in our thousands over theface of the earth, the illustrious and the obscure, earning beyond theseas our fame, our money, or only a crust of bread; but it seems to methat for each of us going home must be like going to render an account.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Some people wouldn’t still be sane, if they were not religious or superstitious; some wouldn’t be disabled or dead.
Sunday Adelaja|We should be able to refuse enchanting proposals and opportunities, if they contradict God’s principles
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|He is the God who loved you so much that His Son stripped Himself of all heavenly glory to live as an impoverished Jewish carpenter so He could shed His blood, suffer, and die for the forgiveness of our sins.
Guillermo Jimenez|I sensed that if I were ever to meet [Senator Orrin] Hatch face-to-face there would be little that we could agree upon. There was something about watching Hatch that reminded me of unpleasant, futile political arguments I had had in my life. I wondered whether such political disagreements did not issue from underlying, perhaps even innate characteristics. Certainly, experience teaches us that when we encounter another person whom we instinctively dislike, constructive political dialogue is not likely to follow. Humans can intuitively sense through a variety of subtle clues (i.e., dress, accent, gestures) when another person possesses a mix of cultural and psychological characteristics that is so substantially different to our own that political discord is also likely. Put otherwise, a liberal can usually smell a conservative, and vice versa. Moreover, the smell is not a pleasant one.-- Red Genes, Blue Genes: Exposing Political Irrationality
Carl Sagan, Cosmos|If you had walked through the pleasant Tuscan countryside in the 1890's, you might have come upon a somewhat long-haired teenage high school dropout on the road to Pavia. His teachers in Germany had told him that he would never amount to anything, that his questions destroyed classroom discipline, that he would be better off out of school. So he left and wandered, delighting in the freedom of Northern Italy, where he could ruminate on matters remote from the subjects he had been force-fed in his highly disciplined Prussian schoolroom. His name was Albert Einstein, and his ruminations changed the world.
Joel Barlow, The Columbiad|Almighty Freedom! give my venturous songThe force, the charm that to thy voice belong;Tis thine to shape my course, to light my way,To nerve my country with the patriot lay,To teach all men where all their interest lies,How rulers may be just and nations wise:Strong in thy strength I bend no suppliant knee,Invoke no miracle, no Muse but thee.
Thurgood Marshall|My wish for the new millennium is for all children... to grow up wiser, and stronger and more prosperous for the future than ever before.
Donovan Bailey|Follow your passion, be prepared to work hard and sacrifice, and, above all, don't let anyone limit your dreams
Swami Dhyan Giten|Sexuality is the door to love, and love is the door to silence, to the divine.
Christine Upton|Do your part to help reap a harvest, and trust God to do His part.
Corrie ten Boom|The measure of a life, after all, is not its duration, but its donation.
David Morrell, First Blood|I will go forth as a real outlaw," he said, "and as men do robbery on the highway I will do right on the highway; and it will be counted a wilder crime.
Thomas Wolfe, The Web and the Rock|Having grown up here, I always wonder what it would be like to see this city as a tourist. Is it ever a disappointment? I have to believe that New York always lives up to its reputation. The buildings really are that tall. The lights really are that bright. There's truly a story on every corner. But it still might be a shock. To realize you are just one story walking among millions. To not feel the bright lights even as they fill the air. To see the tall buildings and only feel a deep longing for the stars.
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|Running a marathon with a backpack is tough and may hinder you from winning the race. Don’t let the baggage from your past - heavy with fear, guilt, and anger - slow you down.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|Henry," said Charlotte, who appeared to have recovered from her shock, "if you set yourself on fire deliberately, I will institute divorce proceedings. Now sit down and eat your supper. And say hello to our guest.
Jane Goodall|Perhaps it is because cats do not live by human patterns, do not fit themselves into prescribed behavior, that they are so united to creative people.
Vaun Murphrey, Chimera|Oh, oh. My heart starts that quivering, fluttering thing it does whenever he hints at his desire for me. Lacing his fingers through mine, he moves to close the gap between us. I know he’s only holding my hand, but it’s the manner in which his fingers curl around mine, and the way his eyes bore into me that makes it seem much more intimate.
Sarah J. Maas, Heir of Fire|The silence isn't so bad, till I look at my hands and feel sad. Because the spaces between my fingers are right where yours fit perfectly.
Kierra C.T. Banks|I'm a queen with or without a king. Chasing anything is beneath me. Until you're ready to put away childish things and be my man, my king, someone I can trust to shepard my soul to the Almighty I have to decline being your wife. I love you with all my heart and soul, but my salvation, life, health, and legacy has to come first now.
Solange nicole|Men still think women will like who they are, not realizing: it's what they can do for a woman that sets the man apart.
J. Ruth Gendler, The Book of Qualities|Beauty is startling. She wears a gold shawl in the summer and sells seven kinds of honey at the flea market. She is young and old at once, my daughter and my grandmother. In school she excelled in mathematics and poetry. . . Beauty will dance with anyone who is brave enough to ask her.
Bronnie Ware, The Top Five Regrets of the Dying: A Life Transformed by the Dearly Departing|There is a fine line between compassion and a victim mentality. Compassion though is a healing force and comes from a place of kindness towards yourself. Playing the victim is a toxic waste of time that not only repels other people, but also robs the victim of ever knowing true happiness.
Kelly Wilson, Caskets from Costco|We will remember what it was like to lose you, our pain the black background of our electric blue joy. We will remember that there are few answers to our questions; the questions that seem to float into an endless expanse of sky.
J.D. Robb, Portrait in Death|Peabody pursed her lips. "You're really mean today." "Yes. Yes, I am." Eve took a deep gulp of hideous air, and smiled. "I feel good about that.
Bob Marley|If you don't take a Sabbath, something is wrong. You're doing too much, you're being too much in charge. You've got to quit, one day a week, and just watch what God is doing when you're not doing anything.
Rick Gekoski, Darke|If you will read and listen, you will admit a multiplicity of voices and points of view, consider them with some humility, allow them gracious entrance however strident or discordant some of them may sound, then you will grow and change, and each of these voices will become a constituent part of who you become, an atom of growing being. It is literature and only literature than can do this.
Friedrich Nietzsche|At that moment I remembered something Cal had told me: that there is beauty in darkness in everything. Sorrow in joy, life and death, thorns on the rose. I knew then that I could not escape pain and torment any more than I could give up joy and beauty
Margaret Cho|If we have the opportunity to be generous with our hearts, ourselves, we have no idea of the depth and breadth of love's reach.
Lewis Carroll, Jabberwocky and Other Poems|Scarce was the verdict spoken,When that still calm was broken,A childish form hath burst into the throng;With tears and looks of sadness,That bring no news of gladness,But tell too surely something hath gone wrong!
Dexter Palmer, The Dream of Perpetual Motion|That friend of hers has got to go, though. You're lucky you got stuck with that Dexter guy instead of
Charles Dickens, Bleak House|I thought it very touching to see these two women, coarse and shabby and beaten, so united; to see what they could be to one another; to see how they felt for one another, how the heart of each to each was softened by the hard trials of their lives. I think the best side of such people is almost hidden from us. What the poor are to the poor is little known, excepting to themselves and God.
Anuradha Roy, The Folded Earth|Witch, do this for me,Find me a moonmade of longing.Then cut it sliver thin,and having cut it,hang it highabove my beloved's house,so that she may look uptonightand see it,and seeing it, sigh for meas I sigh for her,moon or no moon.
Antonia Clark, Chameleon Moon: Poems|what if you get most of what the eye sees?what if love came in seeds?what if we plant them and they grow trees? what if they form hearts instead of leafs?what if hate was to freeze?what if there was no honeybees?what if your heart stops when you sneeze?what if the evil uses the word please?what if we get down on our knees?what if we pray to the creator of the earth, heavens ,and seas?what if the heartless bleeds?what if the poor needs?what if the wealthy and greedy feeds?what if the illiterate reads what if hearts had keys?what if we aim for our dreams?what if we do all good deeds?what if the only brew was teas?what if we all wore white tees?what if we could accomplish some of these? WHAT IF ?
Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical Uplifting Quotes and Poems|A thin man can squeeze into a fat body, yet you can only squeeze a fat man to become thin
Natalie Goldberg, Writing Down the Bones: Freeing the Writer Within|The moment you breathe your first breath, you won.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|You will have five hundred million little bells, and I shall have five hundred million springs of fresh water...
Gigi Hadid|You can find heroism everyday, like guys working terrible jobs because they've got to support their families. Or as far as humor, the things I see on the job, on the street, are far funnier than anything you'll ever see on TV.
G.A. Aiken, Supernatural|Atticus adjusted his glasses as he peered down at the blanket. “Hey, is that the book Nellie told us abo
Redzel Romulo|Some people are really sentimental mostly those people struggle pain in relationship."And that time infatuation turn to fear..and over thinking like;Its so sad.Is it getting failed?Should i better off alone?I'm so confused.I learn that;"Deep emotional depends on how much you loved the person and value relation.
Anne Bishop, Daughter of the Blood|Do you always ask me the same questions you ask him?""It depends on whether or not I get an answer.
Stephen Colbert|If God wanted us to get high, he'd have created plants that became psychoactive when eaten or smoked.
Eugen Herrigel|The right art," cried the Master, "is purposeless, aimless! The more obstinately you try to learn how to shoot the arrow for the sake of hitting the goal, the less you will succeed in the one and the further the other will recede. What stands in your way is that you have a much too willful will. You think that what you do not do yourself does not happen.
Joseph Needham|The Nautilus was piercing the water with its sharp spur, after having accomplished nearly ten thousand leagues in three months and a half, a distance greater than the great circle of the earth. Where were we going now, and what was reserved for the future?
Charles Stross, Accelerando|They all seemed hungry, happy, and healthy enough in their buzzing—oh the days were hot, and the noise of bees filled the air that was dusty with pollen and sun haze, and there were tiny black flies stuck to one another crowded by the creek and a creek stink rising from the deep pool under the willow tree where a wheat sack of new kittens had been drowned, and their tiny terrible struggling had shot like an electric current through the confusion of muddy water and up the arm of the person who had tied the stone around the mouth of the sack and thrust it into the water; and the culprit had not been able to brush away the current; it penetrated her body and made her heart beat with fear and pity. I was the culprit.
J.D. Robb, Judgment in Death|The man loves you with everything he has, everything he is. Eve, that means you can hurt him.
Rose Kennedy|The universe is full of magical things, patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.
Nathaniel Branden|Nobody ever becomes an expert parent. But I think good parenting is about consistency. It's about being there at big moments, but it's also just the consistency of decision making. And it's routine.
Victoria Moran, Younger by the Day: 365 Ways to Rejuvenate Your Body and Revitalize Your Spirit|Joy is found when you focus your energy on improving human dignity, human capacity and human values.
Tom O'Bedlam|:Wait for me here?:	:Until the moon crumbles into the sea,: Shadowmane whispered. 	Wareska laughed again. :Always so eloquently dramatic.:
John Forbes Nash, Jr.|If you look at suicides, most of them are connected to depression. And the mental health system just fails them. It's so sad. We know what to do. We just don't do it.
Sigmund Freud, The Future of an Illusion|If we turn to those restrictions that only apply to certain classes of society, we encounter a state of things which is glaringly obvious and has always been recognized. It is to be expected that the neglected classes will grudge the favoured ones their privileges and that they will do everything in their to power to rid themselves of their own surplus of privation. Where this is not possible a lasting measure of discontent will obtain within this culture, and this may lead to dangerous outbreaks. But if a culture has not got beyond the stage in which the satisfaction of one group of its members necessarily involves the suppression of another, perhaps the majority---and this is the case in all modern cultures,---it is intelligible that these suppressed classes should develop an intense hostility to the culture; a culture, whose existence they make possible by their labour, but in whose resources they have too small a share. In such conditions one must not expect to find an internalization of the cultural prohibitions among the suppressed classes; indeed they are not even prepared to acknowledge these prohibitions, intent, as they are, on the destruction of the culture itself and perhaps even of the assumptions on which it rests. These classes are so manifestly hostile to culture that on that account the more latent hostility of the better provided social strata has been overlooked. It need not be said that a culture which leaves unsatisfied and drives to rebelliousness so large a number of its members neither has a prospect of continued existence, nor deserves it.
Frances Hardinge, The Lie Tree|For eighty-eight years, the world revolved around Ivy. That which she could see and touch was real to her, everything else a mere figment. Departing visitors, setting off back for their own lives, were swiftly dispatched from her conscious thoughts, taking with them all tangible evidence of their existence. She would lock her doors to the outside world and settle down with a cup of tea, but for Foggy entirely alone in her world. And yet conversely, whilst the conversation in that departing car might revolve around Ivy for a handful of miles, the reality of her existence would soon be forgotten in favor of the more immediate stresses and strains pervading the lives of Peter and Janet. Out of sight, out of mind.Every human being occupies a space at the dead center of his or her own universe.
Catherynne M. Valente, In the Night Garden|I carry fairy dust, pack dry herb and drive a broom. If you don't get that you won't get me, so long, it's my journey.
Sherry Argov, Why Men Love Bitches: From Doormat to Dreamgirl—A Woman's Guide to Holding Her Own in a Relationship|If a man isn't being nice when you're out, all you have to do is remain polite and then go home early.
Robert Fanney|Without realizing what she was doing and more on an impulse than anything else, she leaned forward and kissed him. It was a simple, yet firm kiss and she pulled back after only a moment. But it sent a thrill through her.  He leaned down for another. But she put her finger on his lips to stop him. "That was my reward to you," she said as they danced. "Don't squander it." "Reward? he asked still seeming both surprised and delighted at this unexpected attention. "What for?" "Why for living, Vaelros. And for doing so much else to help me. I will have you rewarded in state as well. But that was just from me." She saw Vaelros flush and she gave him a brilliant smile. "You don't like my reward?" she asked. "I do!" he replied. "I want only to learn how to earn more." The music was fading. The song was ending. Luthiel stepped back and let her hands drop. "A mysterious thing, my heart," she said. 
Alice Sebold, The Lovely Bones|That night my mother had what she considered a wonderful dream. She dreamed of the country of India, where she had never been. There were orange traffic cones and beautiful lapis lazuli insects with mandibles of gold. A young girl was being led through the streets. She was taken to a pyre where she was wound in a sheet and placed up on a platform built from sticks. The bright fire that consumed her brought my mother into that deep, light, dreamlike bliss. The girl was being burned alive, but, first, there had been her body, clean and whole.
Caitlin Moran|With making changes, the difficult part of trying to implement a new way, idea or thought, is getting people to believe the effect of your notion, and have them believe in themselves of adapting to something new.
Faith Sullivan, Unexpected|I'll never forgive myself for putting you in danger, allowing you to get hurt.
Martin Filler|The process I go through in the art and the architecture, I actually want it to be almost childlike. Sometimes I think it's magical.
Scott Tracey, Demon Eyes|Library. It's where we lock up all those books before they start giving kids ideas," I said solemnly. "Very dangerous place to be.
Alfred Tennyson, Idylls of the King|I myself beheld the King Charge at the head of all his Table Round, And all his legions crying Christ and him, And break them; and I saw him, after, stand High on a heap of slain, from spur to plume Red as the rising sun with heathen blood, And seeing me, with a great voice he cried, "They are broken, they are broken!" for the King, However mild he seems at home, nor cares For triumph in our mimic wars, the jousts— For if his own knight cast him down, he laughs Saying, his knights are better men than he— Yet in this heathen war the fire of God Fills him: I never saw his like: there lives No greater leader.
Erin Beaty, The Traitor's Kiss|The kiss wasn’t a buildup to something else; it wasn’t a promise of more to come – it couldn’t be. Just a sweet, sad acknowledgment that this was something beautiful that could never be.
Rosanna Arquette|We now have an opportunity, though, to do something we didn't do in the industrial age, and that is to get a leg up on this, to bring the public in quickly, to have an informed debate.
Rajesh Nanoo|What timeless resources, God provide to serve every need?
Preston Morgan, Winter Nova|The sated day is never firstThe best day is a day of thirstYes, there is goal and meaning in our path -but it is the way that is the labour's worth.
Mary-Jean Harris, Aizai the Forgotten|There is a present because it works with my theories. If you find a better one than mine, then I may reconsider, but for the sake of the universe—and oh, how we philosophers make the universe weep—there is a present, and it is the time you just left.
Stephen King, Wolves of the Calla|I wanted to say goodbye to someone, and have someone say goodbye to me. The goodbyes we speak and the goodbyes we hear are the goodbyes that tell us we´re still alive.
Ben Affleck|There were some summers when every boy in Ayrshire seemed to be playing golf, and my dad taught me. But he was a terrible teacher - of everything. Learning to drive with him almost killed me. He was the world's most impatient man - awful short fuse.
Friedrich Nietzsche|The overman...Who has organized the chaos of his passions, given style to his character, and become creative. Aware of life's terrors, he affirms life without resentment. 
Naeem Baig|If you have a surprise idea, don't let it go! No matter if it's 4 AM, 6 AM or 12 AM, don't let it go! It might have been a great one!
Chris Mentillo|You Don't Have To Be The Best Writer In The World To Become A Successful Author. However, You Do Need To Sell Lots of Books.
Steven Magee, Health Forensics|A man who doesn’t detest a bad government is a fool. And if there were such a thing as a good government in earth, it would be a great joy to serve it.
Gary Edward Gedall, Survival|And what is written well and what is written badly...need we ask Lysias or any other poet or orator who ever wrote or will write either a political or other work, in meter or out of meter, poet or prose writer, to teach us this?" What is good, PhÊdrus, and what is not good...need we ask anyone to tell us these things?
Dwight D. Eisenhower|The more you observe politics, the more you've got to admit that each party is worse than the other.
Alan Dundes|Everything that ever happened is still happening. Past, present and future keep happening in the eternity which is Here and Now.
John Dolan, Everyone Burns|The American educational psychologist Patricia Alexander has expressed the view that fear paralyses and curiosity empowers. Accordingly, she reasons, we should always be more interested than afraid.
Zadie Smith|Tell the truth through whichever veil comes to hand, but tell it.
Pamela Erens, Eleven Hours|Her mother’s quiet disapproval and withdrawal was a death in itself, and Franckline’s despair at it was transmitted, she was sure of it, to the child. She transgressed twice, first by making the child, then by giving it her despair, the despair that left it unable to live.
Kim Ki-duk|There is a sort of jealousy which needs very little fire; it is hardly a passion, but a blight bred in the cloudy, damp despondency of uneasy egoism.
David Icke|The caricature of science is that we hold tight to the theories we have, and shun challenges to them. That's just not true. In fact, we hold our highest rewards for those scientists who can prove others wrong. And by the way, they are famous in their own lifetimes. We don't wait until they're dead.
Maxine Leeds Craig, Ain't I a Beauty Queen?: Black Women, Beauty, and the Politics of Race: Culture, Social Movements, and the Politics of Race|When and where there is repression, what a woman does when she gets dressed in the morning may be considered political. Wearing or not wearing a veil, disobeying laws that prohibit transgender dressing, or wearing a large Afro in an institution that seeks to diminish the formation of racial alliances are all actions that can serve as challenges to domination
Douglas Wilson, Angels in the Architecture: A Protestant Vision for Middle Earth|They said it was to be a revolutionary house, free of class struggle, no servants’ rooms because they didn’t believe in laundry maids or cooks.Nobody does, really. Why should they? Only in having clean clothes, clean floors, and enchiladas tapatias.
Andre Dubus III, Dirty Love|He still had his eyes on me, and it occurred to me that he was thinking the same thing as I was; that I was very underdressed to be here. I needed to leave, and quickly. But I didn't know how to say goodbye...
Amit Kalantri|A family man shouldn't trade his peace for profits, it is the job of a businessman.
Jenny Han Siobhan Vivian|Sometimes our enemies are disguise as family and friends. You must forgive yourself for having chosen to trust those people who don't care about your life and seek nothing but failure for you. Stop wasting your precious time in trying to make those people see you, understand you, respect you, value you and love you because in the end it all becomes a pointless negative fight for validation that will drain your happiness. Enjoy life by surrounding yourself with those who inspire you and truly demonstrate their love for you. It gets complicated at times but eventually, you will know your worth & leave the trash behind.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|...How would you like to die, Tyrion son of Tywin?""In my own bed, with a belly full of wine and a maiden's mouth around my cock, at the age of eighty," he replied.
Jinat Rehana Begum, First Fires|The well-meaning woman was in fact possessed by two devils--the one the stiff-necked devil of pride, the other the condescending devil of benevolence. She was kind, but she must have credit for it
E. Jamie, The Vendetta|His eyes widened. “Pain? Darling, you haven’t yet experienced the pain I can inflict when I’ve been played for a fool. I’m in awe at your gall to try and fool me.” Bree went still as panic froze her. Oh, God. No. “Ah, the light bulb finally goes off,” he purred against her face; his voice low and cold. Even knowing who he was, and the family he came from, Bree could say that deep inside, she’d never felt any real fear of him. She did now. He knew. The look on his face told her he knew that she had lied about him being her baby’s father. Frantically, she grasped for any foothold she could find. “I don’t know what you’re talking-“ “DON’T!” he snapped, grabbing the sides of her face.
Saul Bellow, Ravelstein|He didn't ask "Where will you spend eternity?" as religious the-end-is-near picketers did but rather, "With what, in this modern democracy, will you meet the demands of your soul?
Unknown Author 909|If you put a small value on yourself, rest assured that the world will not raise your price.
George Lakoff, Philosophy in the Flesh: The Embodied Mind and its Challenge to Western Thought|If I follow a particular method of knowing myself, then I shall have the result which that system necessitates; but the result will obviously not be the understanding of myself.
Sara Sheridan, On Starlit Seas|I pride myself on making my own decisions, sir," she said. "I do not welcome gentlemen making them for me.
Jess Schira, Rendezous with Destiny|For the lady’s husband to become actively jealous was considered both doltish and dishonorable, a breach of the spirit of courtesy. Yet the record suggests that this was a fairly common occurrence and one of the occupational hazards of being a troubadour. The most famous crime passionnel of the epoch was the murder of Guilhem de Cabestanh, a troubadour knight whose love for the Lady Seremonda aroused the jealousy of her husband, Raimon de Castel-Roussillon. The story goes that Raimon killed Guilhem while he was out hunting, removed the heart from the body, and had it served to his wife for dinner, cooked and seasoned with pepper. Then comes the great confrontation:“And when the lady had eaten of it, RAimon de Castel-Roussillon said unto her: “Know you of what you have eaten?’ And she said, ‘I know not, save that the taste thereof is good and savoury.’ Then he said to her that that she had eaten of was in very truth the head of SIr Guilhem of Cabestanh, and caused the head to be brought before her, that she might the more readily believe it. And when the lady had seen and heard this, she straightway fell into a swoon, and when she was recovered of it, she spake and said: “Of a truth, my Lord, such good meat have you given me that never more will I eat of other.”THen he, hearing this, ran upon her with his sword and would have struck at her head, but the lady ran to a balcony, and cast herself down, and so died.”...the story is probably apocryphal… grisly details...borrowed from an ancient legend...the Middle Ages believed it and drew the intended moral conclusion-that husbands should leave well enough alone. Raimon was held up to scorn while Guilhem became one of the great heroes of the troubadour epoch.
Lucille Roybal-Allard|Americans are hard working, innovative, proud people who want bad government policies and high taxes to get out of the way so they can take care of their families and pursue their dreams.
Elizabeth Eulberg, Revenge of the Girl with the Great Personality|I might be a freak, but I preferred to keep that part of my personality private.
Debasish Mridha|When I saw you, I saw tears of love in your eyes. It tamed my fire of love and imprisoned me in a cage of desires.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Don't waste time with people who waste time. Time is precious, fragile as a butterfly wing, meaningful as an orgasm.
Rebecca A. Rogers|But when the flash flood crosses your path, when the lion leaps at you from the grasses, advanced self-awareness is an unaffordable indulgence. The brain stem does its best.
Alanea Alder, My Protector|That's stupid." I laughed into his chest. "Boys can't save girls." "You're right." He kissed my temple. "It's the other way around.
Graham Greene, The Heart of the Matter|In my school, he thought, they learn bitterness and frustration and how to grow old.
Auliq-Ice|I never understood why, but the best of girls like gangsters. This was something that was always odd to me. Here, you have fine working girls who are involved with someone who isn’t working, just sitting on the blocks all day with a big gun in his waist. For some girls, they like that. I don’t know why. Scrooge, former leader of the Rebellion Raiders street gang that once boasted of having some ten thousand members
Amos Bronson Alcott|My dad's a bodybuilder. My whole life I've been taught to train the hard way. I believe in earning strength, not buying it. My grandfather raised me old school: In baseball, you work for whatever you get.
Felix Wantang, Face to Face Meetings with Jesus Christ 2 (Read Chapter One)): Astounding Biblical Mysteries revealed in his own words like never before in human history.|We refuse to put guards on duty, we would rather pray for God’s protection.
Melina Marchetta, Quintana of Charyn|The difference between this waiting period and the wait that I had already been enduring was that I was no longer hoping that he would see me, wishing that he would work, or wondering if he would care. Instead, I knew that he would be at work in my marriage, and that somehow, someway, someday he would be glorified through our sufferings.
John McEnroe|Right afterwards there was a whole, whole lot of press to do, so the week after, all day, every day, was press so I didn't really get a chance to celebrate.
Richelle Mead, Frostbite|You can't force love, I realized. It's there or it isn't. If it's not there, you've got to be able to admit it. If it is there, you've got to do whatever it takes to protect the ones you love.
Norman Davies, Europe|It is indeed the duty of historians to stress the contrast betweenthe standards of the past and the standards of the present. Somefulfil that duty on purpose, others by accident.
Deyth Banger|How can it be described? How can any of it be described? The trip and the story of the trip are always two different things. The narrator is the one who has stayed home, but then, afterward, presses her mouth upon the traveler’s mouth, in order to make the mouth work, to make the mouth say, say, say. One cannot go to a place and speak of it; one cannot both see and say, not really. One can go, and upon returning make a lot of hand motions and indications with the arms. The mouth itself, working at the speed of light, at the eye’s instructions, is necessarily struck still; so fast, so much to report, it hangs open and dumb as a gutted bell. All that unsayable life! That’s where the narrator comes in. The narrator comes with her kisses and mimicry and tidying up. The narrator comes and makes a slow, fake song of the mouth’s eager devastation.
Pearl Zhu, Digital Master|Talent comes from education you had,languages you know and finally from skills you gain in your life.
Heather McVea, Waking Forever|Unanswered? I would've answered any question, Hannah. But you never asked.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|Put my head under my pillow, and let the quiet put things where they are supposed to be.
Alleece Balts, The Crowd|She may not be the prettiest, or the smartest, or the wealthiest at the Academy, but she could be kind. Anyone could be kind.
Joyce Carol Oates, Expensive People|It had seemed to me an elegant nightmare concoction made by adults for adults, to further the aims and fantasies of adults, and what have children to do with such things?
Leta B., Your Steady Soul: May you transform your pain, anger, and hurt into wisdom, kindness, and love.|If a rare golden heart is sacrificed in the process of trying to research or help many, then the world loses.
Lara Biyuts, Latent Prints|Without a mission and a sense of whom you write for, you aren't worth reading.
John Cowper Powys, The Art Of Forgetting The Unpleasant|There were no scruples, no feelings of respect or loyal affection that would stop us from making up our minds by the pure light of reason - and of our own desires.
Sōseki Natsume|It is advantageous to an author that his book should be attacked as well as praised. Fame is a shuttlecock. If it be struck at one end of the room, it will soon fall to the ground. To keep it up, it must be struck at both ends.
April Paine, 1 Weight Loss Plan, 2 Friends, 3 Weeks: Using the Buddy System to Fight Fat|And when all of the flourless chocolate cakes & chocolate mousse or ganache cakes have come and gone, there will still be nothing like a fudgy brownie, dry & crackled on top, moist & dense within, with a glass of cold milk.
Mark Vonnegut, Armageddon in Retrospect|Reading and writing are in themselves subversive acts. What they subvert is the notion that things have to be the way they are, that you are alone, that no one has ever felt the way you have.
Kamran Pasha, Mother of the Believers|Humility is not just thinking less of yourself or thinking lanyard less of your gifts than others,It is freedom from thinking of yourself at all
Shannon L. Alder|I knew such a woman once,She gave me everything.Her love like a soft riot singing,She knew how to shine.
Terry Pratchett, The Light Fantastic|I believe music is a place everyone of us can go to. I don’t care who you are, where you were born, what you do with your life. Everyone can come here in music and be equal.
Denis Villeneuve|The Japanese bureaucracy is unique. It is also very powerful, although it is now the object of so much criticism. Many of Japan's brightest made it a pillar of strength and continuity.
Mark Zandi|If you go back to the time of J.P. Morgan, the world of high finance was completely wholesale. The prestigious investment banks on Wall Street appealed exclusively to large corporations, governments, and to extremely wealthy individuals.
H.P. Lovecraft, The Call of Cthulhu|This is the thing that troubles me, for I cannot forget Carcosa where black stars hang in the heavens; where the shadows of men's thoughts lengthen in the afternoon, when the twin suns sink into the lake of Hali; and my mind will bear for ever the memory of the Pallid Mask. I pray God will curse the writer, as the writer has cursed the world with its beautiful stupendous creation, terrible in its simplicity, irresistible in its truth--a world which now trembles before the King In Yellow.
Leigh Bardugo, Six of Crows|Greed is your god, Kaz."He almost laughed at that. "No, Inej. Greed bows to me. It is my servant and my lever.
Rick Riordan, Percy Jackson's Greek Gods|I wish I hadn't cried so much!" said Alice, as she swam about, trying to find her way out. "I shall be punished for it now, I suppose, by being drowned in my own tears! That will be a queer thing, to be sure! However, everything is queer today.
Philip Zaleski, The Fellowship: The Literary Lives of the Inklings: J.R.R. Tolkien, C.S. Lewis, Owen Barfield, Charles Williams|Shame and suffering, as St. Bernard says, are the two ladder-uprights which are set up to heaven, and between those two uprights are the rungs of all virtues fixed, by which one climbs to the joy of heaven… In these two things, in which is all penance, rejoice and be glad, for in return for these, twofold blisses are prepared: in return for shame honour; in return for suffering, delight and rest without end.
Amy Carmichael|And then, just as quickly, the clouds returned, leaving us to walk by faith, not by sight.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, This Side of Paradise|I'm not sentimental--I'm as romantic as you are. The idea, you know,is that the sentimental person thinks things will last--the romanticperson has a desperate confidence that they won't.
Kass Morgan, Day 21|She would figure out how to get what she wanted, what she needed, even when her long lashes failed to convince, when her body was no longer young and beautiful. She'd be more than pretty, She'd be strong.
Christopher Hitchens|But some people, and especially very young people, don’t think anything’s worth believing unless it’s hard to believe.
Tonya Hurley, Homecoming|Mrs. Lynde says, 'Blessed are they who expect nothing for they shall not be disappointed.
Marie Helvin|I get work done in half the time if the family is still asleep. When my family wakes up, I've already had a productive morning and am ready to enjoy breakfast with them before I start conquering the rest of my day.
Amanda Schull|I suppose I'm trying to build an architecture that's as timeless as possible, although we're all creatures of our age.
Walter Pater, The Renaissance: Studies in Art and Poetry|It's not important that we agree with each other, only that we understand each other.
Michael Moore, Here Comes Trouble|If you don't hit a newspaper reader between the eyes with your first sentence, there is no need of writing a second one. 
Jeaniene Frost, This Side of the Grave|Much slower, I turned around to see Vlad examining his fingernails, as if his hands weren't still ablaze in the flames that had blasted the ghoul's head off moments before.'what the hell was that?' I gasped.'Premature inflammation,' He replied. 'Happens sometimes. Very embarrassing, I don't like to talk about it.' 
Callie Hunter, Disenchanted|Be more than a father, be a dad. Be more than a figure, be an example.
Edward M. Lerner|The best time to frame an answer to the letters of a friend, is the moment you receive them. Then the warmth of friendship, and the intelligence received, most forcibly cooperate.
sid|The Every Single Women to whom I met they are not happy with their men, and the men either not happy with their women!
Ali A. Rizvi, The Atheist Muslim: A Journey from Religion to Reason|The religion/ politics dichotomy is a false one. It isn't that politics has no role; it's that politics is simply inseparable from the Abrahamic religions. Religion is politics. That was the case during the Barbary confrontation in 1786, and it's the case with the Israel-Palestine conflict now. Throughout history, religion has simply been an excuse looking for a conflict.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, The Gulag Archipelago 1918-1956|Gradually it was disclosed to me that the line separating good and evil passes not through states, nor between classes, nor between political parties either -- but right through every human heart -- and through all human hearts. This line shifts. Inside us, it oscillates with the years. And even within hearts overwhelmed by evil, one small bridgehead of good is retained. And even in the best of all hearts, there remains ... an unuprooted small corner of evil.  (inside every human being). It is impossible to expel evil from the world in its entirety, but it is possible to constrict it within each person.
Atul Gawande, Being Mortal: Medicine and What Matters in the End|What is troubling is not just being average but settling for it. Everyone knows that average-ness is, for most of us, our fate. And in certain matters—looks, money, tennis—we would do well to accept this. But in your surgeon, your child's pediatrician, your police department, your local high school? When the stakes are our lives and the lives of our children, we want no one to settle for average.
C.S. Lewis|Don't think of God in terms of forms, because forms are limited and God is unlimited.
Bridget Asher, The Provence Cure for the Brokenhearted|Then to give the kids a historical perspective, Chacko told them about the earth woman. He made them imagine that the earth - 4600 million years old - was a 46 year old woman- as old as Aleyamma teaacher, who gave them Malayalam lessons. It had taken the whole of earth woman’s life for the earth to become what it was. For the oceans to part. For the mountains to rise. The earth woman was 11 yrs old when the first single celled organisms appeared. The first animals, creatures like worms and jellyfish, appeared only when she was forty. She was over forty five - just 8 months ago - when dinosaurs roamed the earth. The whole of human civilization as we know it, began only 2 hrs ago in the earth woman’s life…
Avina Celeste|Somebody once told me the definition of hell:“On your last day on earth, the person you became will meet the person you could have become.” — Anonymous
Ta-Nehisi Coates|Libraries are safe but also exciting. Libraries are where nerds like me go to refuel. They are safe-havens where the polluted noise of the outside world, with all the bullies and bro-dudes and anti-feminist rhetoric, is shut out. Libraries have zero tolerance for bullshit. Their walls protect us and keep us safe from all the bastards that have never read a book for fun.
Dean Koontz, Saint Odd|Did he really want this warm room of his, so comfortably fitted with old family furniture, to be transformed into a cave, in which, no doubt, he would be free to crawl about unimpeded in all directions, but only at the price of rapidly and completely forgetting his human past at the same time?
Lovemore Chirombo|The difference between companies that make $100,000 vs those that make $1bn dollars within the same industry is paying attention to detail.
Fazlur Rahman, Major Themes of the Qur'an|There are only three integral views of the world: the religious, the materialistic, and the Islamic. They reflect three elemental possibilities (conscience, nature, and man), each of them manifesting itself as Christianity, materialism, and Islam. All variety of ideologies, philosophies, and teachings from the oldest time up to now can be reduced to one of these three basic world views. The first takes as its starting point the existence of the spirit, the second the existence of matter, and the third the simultaneous existence of spirit and matter. If only matter exists, materialism would be the only consequent philosophy. On the contrary, if the spirit exists then man also exists, and man's life would be senseless without a kind of religion and morality. Islam is the name for the unity of spirit and matter, the highest form of which is man himself. The human life is complete only if it includes both the physical and the spiritual desires of the human being. All man's failures are either because of the religious denial of man's biological needs of the materialistic denial of man's spiritual desires.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|They’re so brave," she said. "They’re all dead." "Only a coward would think of that," she said scornfully.
Tiffany Madison|Most men claim to desire driven, independent and confident women. Yet when confronted with such a creature reverence often evolves into resent. For just like women, men need to be needed.
A. Violet End, The Billionaire Who Atoned to Me|You aren’t crazy,’ he says. ‘What?’ ‘I’ve known you all your life, and you’ve always tried to hide the parts of yourself that you think are wrong. But nothing is wrong with you.’ Those may be the best words he’s ever said to me.
Stephen E. Ambrose, Band of Brothers: E Company, 506th Regiment, 101st Airborne from Normandy to Hitler's Eagle's Nest|Ronald Spiers: The only hope you have is to accept the fact that you're already dead. The sooner you accept that, the sooner you'll be able to function as a soldier is supposed to function: without mercy, without compassion, without remorse. All war depends upon it.
David Kuo, Tempting Faith: An Inside Story of Political Seduction|All good stories - stories that touch your soul, stories that change your nature, stories that cause you to become a better person from their telling - these stories always contain truth.
Simone Elkeles, Perfect Chemistry|He reached over and took Taylor’s hand. She did not pull her hand away.He moved his hand up her arm. She stiffened a little and glanced around, making sure they weren’t seen. Or, maybe, hoping they were.His hand reached her neck. He leaned toward her and pulled her to him.He kissed her.She kissed him back.He kissed her harder. And she slid her hand under his shirt, fingers stroking his bare flesh.Then he pulled away, fast.“Sorry, I . . .” He hesitated, his wallowing brain arguing against a body that was suddenly aflame.Sam stood up very suddenly and walked away.Taylor laughed gaily at his back. “Come see me when you get tired of mooning over the ice princess, Sam.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you have the ability to see the things behind the scenes, then you have the greatest talent one can ever have because there is almost always something else behind the things!
K.J. Bishop, The Etched City|The goodness of the world grew like moss in cracks, she thought. It grew, somehow, with hidden roots, nourished by something unseen.
Yvonne Pierre, The Day My Soul Cried:  A Memoir|It's the people who seem weak who are always suprisingly strong, and the ones who seem strong who are unexpectledly weak.
Amy Poehler, Yes Please|So what do I do? What do we do? How do we move forward when we are tired and afraid? What do we do when the voice in our head is yelling that WE ARE NEVER GONNA MAKE IT? How do we drag ourselves through the muck when our brain is telling us youaredumbandyouwillneverfinishandnoonecaresanditistimeyoustop? Well, the first thing we do is take our brain out and put it in a drawer. Stick it somewhere and let it tantrum until it wears itself out. You may still hear the brain and all the shitty things it is saying to you, but it will be muffled, and just the fact that it is not in your head anymore will make things seem clearer. And then you just do it. You just dig in and write it. You use your body. you lean over the computer and stretch and pace. You write and then cook something and write some more. you put your hand on your heart and feel it beating and decide if what you wrote feels true. You do it because the doing of it is the thing. The doing is the thing. The talking and worrying and thinking is not the thing. That is what I know. Writing the book is about writing the book. So here we go, you and me. Because what else are we going to do? Say no? Say no to an opportunity that may be slightly out of our comfort zone? Quiet our voice because we are worried it is not perfect? I believe great people do things before they are ready. This is America and I am allowed to have healthy self-esteem. This book comes straight from my feisty and freckled fingers. Know it was a battle. Blood was shed. A war raged between my jokey and protective brain and my squishy and tender heart. I have realized that mystery is what keeps people away, and I've grown tired of smoke and mirrors. I yearn for the clean, well-lighted place. So let's peek behind the curtain and hail the others like us. The open-faced sandwiches who take risks and live big and smile with all of their teeth. These are the people I want to be around. This is the honest way I want to live and love and write.
Mohsin Hamid|All my life, since the time I was little, has been a long distraction. At least that is the way some people want to perceive it, but for me, it's given me a lot of strength.
Rachel Caine, Feast of Fools|[Myrnin to Claire about their costumes of Pierrot and Harlequin, respectively]"Don't they teach you anything in your sch
Adriana Trigiani, Brava, Valentine|A handwritten letter carries a lot of risk. It's a one-sided conversation that reveals the truth of the writer. Furthermore, the writer is not there to see the reaction of the person he writes to, so there's a great unknown to the process that requires a leap of faith. The writer has to choose the right words to express his sentences, and then, once he has sealed the envelope, he has to place those thoughts in the hands of someone else, trusting that the feelings will be delivered, and that the recipient will understand the writer's intent. How childish to think that could be easy.
David Cassidy|The problem for us, as viewers, is that we want famous people who are passionate about the things they're famous for, because that makes them worthy of the attention. But I think many of those famous people just want to be famous.
John Tottenham, The Inertia Variations|Explain it to me."But I couldn't. I'd had to learn it my own way, and so had my mother. Jason would eventually, as well. No one could tell you: you just had to go through it on your own. If you were lucky, you came out on the other side and understood., If you didn't, you kept getting thrust back, retracing those steps, until you finally got it right.
Zakk Wylde|There are kids who get on a BMX bike when they're eight years old and they go, 'Whoa, this is incredible,' and grow up to do extreme sports. It's the same for me with acting.
John F. MacArthur Jr.|When this happens, as it is today, then, to quote Eric Hoffer, “When freedom destroys order, the yearning for order will destroy freedom.”At that point the words left or right will make no difference. They are only two roads to the same end. There is no difference between authoritarian government from the right or the left: the results are the same. An elite, an authoritarianism as such, will gradually force form on society so that it will not go on to chaos. And most people will accept it - from the desire for personal peace and affluence, from apathy, and from the yearning for order to assure the functioning of some political system, business, and the affairs of daily life. That is just what Rome did with Caesar Augustus
Ann Hood, The Obituary Writer|On April 18, 1906, when that earthquake hit San Francisco and took David from her, Vivien began to speak the language of grief. She understood that grief is not neat and orderly; it does not follow any rules. Time does not heal it. Rather, time insists on passing, and as it does, grief changes but does not go away. Sometimes she could actually visualize her grief. It was a wave, a tsunami that came unexpectedly and swept her away. She could see it, a wall of pain that had grabbed hold of her and pulled her under. Some days, she could reach the air and breathe in huge comforting gulps. Some days she barely broke the surface, and still, after all this time, some days it consumed her and she wondered if there was any way free of it.
Amy Lane, Racing for the Sun|I can see the stars in your eyes from a mile away. They guide me to you just like the North Star.” Then he bent his head and kissed her – a long, sweet kiss under moonbeams that caressed them both lovingly.
Maya Angelou|I know that some people shy away from what I say. They think it is too blunt, but when you don't give people that, they feel like you are being fake and you're not telling the truth. So it's like, you want me to tell the truth, but when I do, it's too much for you.
Stipe Miocic|I get a lot of letters that say, 'I'm a normal, down-to-earth girl. I love to cook, and I love sports.' What I also get are letters from a whole bunch of moms saying, 'My daughter is awesome,' and, 'My daughter is a great daughter.'
Richard Osborne, Rossini|The (extremely lavish set) was created by a transparency, a fine gauze, finely painted. According to the theatre accounts, it cost 241 ducats, 91 ducats more than Rossini was paid for the music.
Iwan Goll|Doing nothing is the hardest torture that a person can put himself through. For he is always brought face to face with his own self, which demands that he gives account for the sun which he uselessly squanders, for the springs of energy in his organism, the gold of wisdom in the mines of his brains. The masses work, slog, forget. They drink the alcohol of their sweat. Work is a flight from responsibility and God. Since the mystic beliefs have been banned from Europe, pillars of glory have been erected to rationality in order to put something in place of the cross: the French Revolution named its goddess reason, the Russians named their Moloch work. But the machine called Europe is running idle: it fills stomachs with fake bread, builds artificial houses with iron paper, the products are bad, the pay meager, and at the end of the six holy work days is the unholy Sunday which one sleeps through out of fear of the great boredom which is infecting Europe. Sunday, the day of idleness, is nowadays a punishment for Christianity, the cities collapse into soulless ruins, nature is just a backdrop for dusty sports. Doing nothing out of principle, my dear, is nowadays the most violent form of revolt.
William Shakespeare, Much Ado About Nothing|DON PEDROCome, lady, come; you have lost the heart of Signior Benedick.BEATRICEIndeed, my lord, he lent it me awhile; and I gave him use for it, a double heart for his single one: marry, once before he won it of me with false dice, therefore your grace may well say I have lost it.DON PEDROYou have put him down, lady, you have put him down.BEATRICESo I would not he should do me, my lord, lest I should prove the mother of fools.
Britney Spears|Myths are public dreams, dreams are private myths.
Carol Drinkwater|In a world like that, there'd be no need for love anymore either. if everyone were perfect, there would be no need to look out for others. Sympathy or Love is needed because people are imperfect. A perfect human cannot love anyone.
Tom Robbins, Jitterbug Perfume|It is better to be small, colorful, sexy, careless, and peaceful, like the flowers, than large, conservative, repressed, fearful, and aggressive, like the thunder lizards; a lesson, by the way, that the Earth has yet to learn.
Kenny Porpora, The Autumn Balloon|The cake is pretty simple; they didn't want anything too fancy. Two tiers. The bottom is the Frango mint tier from the cake contest, but the top is a new one. An almond cake with a whipped honey caramel filling and a layer of thinly sliced spiced poached pears, with vanilla buttercream. The whole cake will get a smooth white fondant coating, and then a detailed lace pattern hand-piped with white royal icing. They've opted out of toppers, so I've made some simple wildflowers out of gum paste, colored with the powdered food colors to look incredibly real.
Christine Zolendz, Fall From Grace|You're not a loser. You're almost as smart as me, which makes you one of the smartest people on the planet.
George Saunders, Pastoralia|Was it a doubt - a fear - a wandering uncertainty seeking rest, but finding none - so tear-blinded were its eyes - Mr. Thornton, instead of being shocked, seemed to have through that very stage of thought himself, and could suggest where the exact ray of light was to be found, which should make the dark places plain. Man of action as he was, busy in the world's great battle, there was a deeper religion binding him to God in his heart, in spite of his strong willfulness, through all his mistakes, than Mr. Hale ever dreamed.
Chandra Wilson|I'm vegetarian, but I love Thanksgiving dinner: faux turkey, stuffing and mashed potatoes.
Edgar Allan Poe|And thus, as a closer and still closer intimacy admitted me more unreservedly into recesses if his spirit, the more bitterly did I perceive the futility of all attempt at cheering a mind from which darkness, as if an inherent positive quality, poured forth upon all objects of the moral and physical universe in one unceasing radiation of gloom.
Chip Heath, Made to Stick: Why Some Ideas Survive and Others Die|This was before voice mail, recorded phone messages you can't escape. Life was easier then. You just didn't pick up the phone.
Mara Purnhagen, Past Midnight|You have no idea how crazy I am, I should be wearing yellow Caution tape, I'm that bonkers.
Mabel Hale, Beautiful Girlhood: A Timeless Guide for Christian Adolescense|Womanhood is a wonderful thing. In womankind we find the mothers of the race.There is no man so great, nor none sunk so low, but once he lay a helpless, innocent babe in a woman's arms and was dependent on her love and care for his existence. It is woman who rocks the cradle of the world and holds the first affections of mankind. She possesses a power beyond that of a king on his throne....Womanhood stands for all that is pure and clean and noble. She who does not make the world better for having lived in it has failed to be all that a woman should be.
John Bevere|You are a potential genius, so unleash your potential to release your genius.
Brian Eno|I'm very good with technology, I always have been, and with machines in general. They seem not threatening like other people find them, but a source of fun and amusement.
Dillon Burroughs, Undefending Christianity: Embracing Truth Without Having All the Answers|Then I read that Jesus was a friend of sinners. This still bothers me. Not because Jesus was a friend of sinners (because that came in really handy in my case). It bothered me because if I'm trying to live like Jesus, that means I'm supposed to be a friend of sinners too.
Sergei Lukyanenko, Twilight Watch|It has been said that the great events of the world take place in the brain.It is in the brain, and the brain only, that the great sins of the world take place also.
Mario Testino|How we grow food has enormous effects on the environment - climate change as well as pollution of air, water, and soil.
John Fowles, Áristos|Time in itself, absolutely, does not exist; it is always relative to some observer or some object. Without a clock I say 'I do not know the time' . Without matter time itself is unknowable. Time is a function of matter; and matter therefore is the clock that makes infinity real.
M.J. Abraham, Happenstance|There are two sacred causes in this world,” he said, holding up his pinkie and ring ringer. “Chance and necessity. By chance I was there to help when you had need.
Derek Hough|After decades spent in rewrite rooms surrounded by other shouting writers, I discovered that I work best alone. I like being in charge of my time, working out the problems according to my own rhythms and being able to nap. That's a big one, the napping on demand!
Ramana Pemmaraju|If both the performer and audience are on the same plane then it's not ART but SCIENCE, for ART is a personal expression that varies from one individual to another, while SCIENCE commands uniformity & certainty! What are YOU?
Connilyn Cossette, Wings of the Wind|These young ones. They do not understand. There are so few of us left who remember how destructive rebellion is. The slaughter after the Golden Calf was worshiped. The thousands who died. The firestorm that burned the outer rim of camp when the foreigners among us incited a riot. They take for granted the miraculous water that feeds this multitude. They have eaten the manna every day of their lives and do not see the utter strangeness of it. They have not felt the desperation of thirst or the hopelessness of hunger. All they do is complain,
A.G. Howard, RoseBlood|Please remember, there is no such thing as safe sex with a demon.
Teresa Cooper, Pin Down|No Child of YoursI saw a child hide in the cornerSo I went and asked her nameShe was so naive and so petiteWith such a tiny frame. 'No one,' she replied, that's what I am calledI have no family, no one at allI eat, I sleep, I get depressedThere is no life, I have nothing left.''Why hide in the corner?' I had to ask twiceBecause I've been hurt, it not very niceI tried to stop it, it was out of my controlI feared for myself I wanted to go. I begged for my sorrow to disappearI turned in my bed, oh God, I knew they were near'So come on little girl, where do you goA path ahead, or a path to unknown?'With that she arose, her head hung lowShe held herself for only she knowsHer tears held back, her heart like iceIt looks as though she has paid the price.The ice started melting, her tears to flowThe memories flood back, still so many years to goThe pain, the anger all built up insideNowhere to run, nowhere to hide.It will get better, just wait and seeYou'll get a life, though you'll never be fireOpen your heart and love yourselfThe abuse you suffered was NOT your fault.
Mario Monicelli|You know Americans are obsessed with life and death and rebirth, that's the American Cycle. You know, awakening, tragic, horrible death and then Phoenix rising from the ashes. That's the American story, again and again.
Wayne Dyer|Dude, I turn into a six-year-old when I come to Disneyland. It's amazing. My eyes glass over and my blood pressure goes down. I'm just like everybody else. I turn into a big kid when I come here. It's the happiest place on earth, right?
James Joyce, Finnegans Wake|Tristan?”He turned his face to me, and it was streaked with tears. I wanted to wipe them away, tell him that everything would be all right, but my body was locked stiff with pain.“Promise me you’ll get better,” he whispered. “Tell me you’ll grow strong again. That you’ll gallop on horseback through summer meadows. Dance in spring rains and let snowflakes melt on your tongue in winter. That you’ll travel wherever the wind takes you. That you’ll live.” He stroked my hair. “Promise me.”Confusion crept over me. “You’ll be with me, though. You’ll do those things too?”He kissed my lips, silencing my questions. “Promise me.”“No,” I said, struggling against him.. “No, you said you were coming with me. You said. You promised.” He had to be coming with me - he said he was and Tristan couldn’t lie. Wouldn’t lie.He got to his feet and stepped into the water. I tried to struggle, but he was too strong. “Tristian, no, no, no!” I tried to scream, but I couldn’t. I tried to hold on to him, but my fingers wouldn’t work. The cold of the water bit into my skin and I sobbed, terrified. “You said you would never leave me!”He stopped, the weight of his sorrow greater than any mountain. “And if I had the choice, I never would. I love you, Cécile. I will love you until the day I take my last breath and that is the truth. “ He kissed me hard. “Forgive me.
Lene Hau|Bald as the bare mountain tops are bald, with a baldness full of grandeur.
Diana Wynne Jones, Howl's Moving Castle|I feel ill," [Howl] announced. "I'm going to bed, where I may die.
Fred Rogers|It's a beautiful day in this neighborhood,A beautiful day for a neighbor.Would you be mine?Could you be mine?...It's a neighborly day in this beauty wood,A neighborly day for a beauty.Would you be mine?Could you be mine?...I've always wanted to have a neighbor just like you.I've always wanted to live in a neighborhood with you.So, let's make the most of this beautiful day.Since we're together we might as well say:Would you be mine?Could you be mine?Won't you be my neighbor?Won't you please,Won't you please?Please won't you be my neighbor?
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Happiness is the consequence of personal effort. You fight for it, strive for it, insist upon it, and sometimes even travel around the world looking for it. You have to participate relentlessly in the manifestations of your own blessings. And once you have achieved a state of happiness, you must never become lax about maintaining it. You must make a mighty effort to keep swimming upward into that happiness forever, to stay afloat on top of it.
Graham Greene, Shock!|The common eye sees only the outside of things, and judges by that, but the seeing eye pierces through and reads the heart and the soul.
Reza Aslan|The task of defining Jesus's message fell instead to a new crop of educated, urbanized, Greek-speaking Diaspora Jews who would become the primary vehicles for the expansion of the new faith. As these extraordinary men and women, many of them immersed in Greek philosophy and Hellenistic thought, began to reinterpret Jesus's message so as to make it more palatable both to their fellow Greek-speaking Jews and to their gentile neighbors in the Diaspora, they gradually transformed Jesus from a revolutionary zealot to a Romanized demigod, from a man who tried and failed to free the Jews from Roman oppression to a celestial being wholly uninterested in any earthly matter.
Mark Twain|It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|God‘s love for mankind; wide, long, high and deep.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you know what you want, you find the strength to work for its fulfillment.
John Hodgman, That is All|Houdini, the magician who debunked magic, could not bear to see the great rationalist [Arthur Conan] Doyle enchanted by ghosts and frauds. And so he did what any friend would: He set out to prove spiritualism false and rob his friend Doyle of the only comforting fiction that was keeping him sane. It was the least he could do.
Olaf Stapledon, Odd John|The truth of the matter was something much more subtle and tremendous than any plain physical miracle could ever be. But never mind that. The important thing was that, when I did see the stars (riotously darting in all directions according to the caprice of their own wild natures, yet in every movement confirming the law), the whole tangled horror that had tormented me finally presented itself to me in its truth and beautiful shape. And I knew that the first, blind stage of my childhood had ended.
Daniel Cormier|Tears are sometimes an inappropriate response to death. When a life has been lived completely honestly, completely successfully, or just completely, the correct response to death's perfect punctuation mark is a smile.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Almighty Father, do not destroy mankind. Save us from every calamity.
Louis Sullivan|More than any other colonial founder, Oglethorpe made himself one of the people, promoting collective effort.
Shelley Lubben, Truth Behind the Fantasy of Porn: The Greatest Illusion on Earth|Apathetic to my pity party, God interrupted in a thunderous Voice with the words, “For we walk by faith, not by sight!” 2 Corinthians 5: 7 resounded in my head as I scribbled it down and smacked it up on my wall. There, I thought. Now it’s up on my wall where I have to look at it every day.
Amy Neftzger, The War of Words|Sometimes the most appropriate response to an attack is to not engage, especially in situations where your own words may be used as weapons against you.
A.J. Beirens|There were no oceans on Oasis, no large bodies of water, and presumably no fish. He wondered whether this would cause comprehension problems when it came to certain crucial fish-related Bible stories. There were so many of those: Jonah and the whale, the miracle of the loaves and the fishes, the Galilean disciples being fishermen, the whole ‘fishers of men’ analogy . . . the bit in Matthew 13 about the kingdom of heaven being like a net cast into the sea, gathering fish of every kind . . . Even in the opening chapter of Genesis, the first animals God made were sea creatures. How much of the Bible would he have to give up as untranslatable?
Mark Haddon, A Spot of Bother|doubt is the privilege of those who have lived a long time,
Terry Tempest Williams, Pieces of White Shell|What is the most important thing one learns in school? Self-esteem, support, and friendship.
Eraldo Banovac|Knowledge has a great power. Therefore, unethical use of knowledge can be extremely harmful.
Nick Harkaway, The Gone-Away World|Garbage in, garbage out. Or rather more felicitously: the tree of nonsense is watered with error, and from its branches swing the pumpkins of disaster.
Pat Conroy, A Lowcountry Heart: Reflections on a Writing Life|Everything in my head was secondhand, too: Catholicism; Ireland's sad history, a litany of suffering and martyrdom drummed into me by priests, schoolmasters and parents who knew no better.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We all must determine what types of anatomical castanets vest in our central core. For aught we know, we still tend to think of ourselves as a complete and fixed product. In reality, analogous to an unfinished paper, working from the inside out, we are retooling ourselves every day whether we recognize the minor or major tinkering taking place or not. In a neurological sense, the brain is constantly working to build and rebuild itself. In a psychological sense, every day the human mind is altering who we are. We constantly take in new information that modifies and enhances our understanding of the world and our place in the environment. Every day we are using the sense of self and our accumulated knowledge to adapt to our world and modify our thinking and behavior.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|If truth does not lead to falling in love, it fails.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Make your own luck, and then share it with others.
Mac MacKenzie|In league with being graced by greatness, prepare to be greeted, by all that is beneath you.
Sunday Adelaja|Believe be and strong enough in virtues like character, faithfulness, hard work, dignity of labor, diligence, excellence, perseverance, truth, responsibility, delayed gratification, contentment, trust, integrity and stop looking for miracles.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, The Cost of Discipleship|The way to misuse our possessions is to use them as an insurance against the morrow. Anxiety is always directed to the morrow, whereas goods are in the strictest sense meant to be used only for to-day.
J.R. Rim|Once in jail or you just go in prison for a reason you don't have rights... So be wise, think twice and don't go there!
Kody Keplinger, Shut Out|Once the people have been deluded into believing that speeches and voting are the only acceptable tools by which to affect change in their nation, those who are in control no longer need to worry about any significant challenge to their power.
Agatha Christie|If you place your head in a lion's mouth, then you cannot complain one day if he happens to bite it off.
Mark Sohn, Sherlock Holmes and the Whitechapel Murders: An Account of the Matter by John Watson M.D.|I am a practitioner of the science of deduction, of using the known facts in a case to unveil the unknown.’ - Sherlock Holmes, Sherlock Holmes and the Whitechapel Murders
Donna Lynn Hope|She stamped her foot. She hoped the greedy thing shit for a week. She hoped it shit its awful self insideout and backward, then fell into a crack and lost it's name and died alone and hollow-empty in the angry dark.
Jean-Paul Sartre, No Exit|So this is hell. I'd never have believed it. You remember all we were told about the torture-chambers, the fire and brimstone, the "burning marl." Old wives' tales! There's no need for red-hot pokers. Hell is—other people!
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|Let mental culture go on advancing, let the natural sciences progress in even greater extent and depth, and the human mind widen itself as much as it desires: beyond the elevation and moral culture of Christianity, as it shines forth in the Gospels, it will not go.
Fred Rogers, The World According to Mister Rogers: Important Things to Remember|Part of the problem with the word 'disabilities' is that it immediately suggests an inability to see or hear or walk or do other things that many of us take for granted. But what of people who can't feel? Or talk about their feelings? Or manage their feelings in constructive ways? What of people who aren't able to form close and strong relationships? And people who cannot find fulfillment in their lives, or those who have lost hope, who live in disappointment and bitterness and find in life no joy, no love? These, it seems to me, are the real disabilities.
Edwidge Danticat, The Farming of Bones|It doesn’t take a farm to invoke the iron taste of leaving in your mouth. Anyone who loves a small plot of ground — a city garden, a vacant lot with some guerilla beds, a balcony of pots — understands the almost physical hurt of parting from it, even for a minor stint. I hurt every day I wake up in our city bed, wondering how the light will be changing over the front field or across the pond, whether the moose will be in the willow by the cabin again, if the wren has fledged her young ones yet and we’ll return to find the box untended. I can feel where the farm is at any point in my day, not out of some arcane sixth sense developed from years of summer nights out there with the coyotes under the stars, but because of the bond between that earth and this body. Some grounds we choose; some are our instinctive homes.
Mitt Romney|I hope to stand firm enough to not go backward, and yet not go forward fast enough to wreck the country's cause.
Nadia Bolz-Weber, Accidental Saints: Finding God in All the Wrong People|When all of  it is given meaning in the larger story of  Jesus Christ, it destroys us, then pours our melted selves back into another form that still bears the marks of  how we got there. Then we become something that can bear light, the brightness of which is not diminished, even when divided and borrowed.
Oliver Burkeman, The Antidote: Happiness for People Who Can't Stand Positive Thinking|Part of the problem with positive thinking, and many related approaches to happiness, is exactly this desire to reduce big questions to one-size-fits-all self-help tricks or ten point plans.
Venugopal Gupta|The lunatic, the lover, and the poetAre of imagination all compact:One sees more devils than vast hell can hold,That is, the madman: the lover, all as frantic,Sees Helen's beauty in a brow of Egypt:The poet's eye, in a fine frenzy rolling,Doth glance from heaven to earth, from earth to heaven,And as imagination bodies forthThe forms of things unknown, the poet's penTurns them to shapes and gives to airy nothingA local habitation and a name.
Bob Proctor|Everything you are seeking is seeking you in return therefore, everything that you want is already yours. It is simply becoming more aware of what you already possess.
Patrick White, Three Uneasy Pieces|Superficially my war was a comfortable exercise in futility carried out in a grand Scottish hotel amongst the bridge players and swillers of easy-come-by whisky. My chest got me out of active service and into guilt, as I wrote two, or is it three of the novels for which I am now acclaimed.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The Scarlet Letter|Today, with the way things are in all circles, in soccer, in society, in politics, where it seems anything goes, a gesture of honesty goes down well.
Joseph Stalin|...[I]ron discipline does not preclude but presupposes criticism and contest of opinion within the Party. Least of all does it mean that discipline must be 'blind'. On the contrary, iron discipline does not preclude but presupposes conscious and voluntary submission, for only conscious discipline can be truly iron discipline.
T. Scott McLeod, All That Is Unspoken|Why when people are on their deathbed, they finally come to terms with life?
John Grant|I like to help kids, work with kids in detention homes. Don't tell a kid what's right and wrong. He knows what's right and wrong. Find out what his attitude and his aptitude are; try to help him where he wants to go.
David  Holdsworth, Angelos|In the meantime, when he went on his way back, the seed had grown into a tree which reached up to the sky. Then thought the peasant, 'As thou hast the chance, thou must just see what the angels are doing up there above, and for once have them before thine eyes.' So he climbed up, and saw that the angels above were threshing oats, and he looked on.
Michael Shermer|I could not stop talking because now I had started my story, it wanted to be finished. We cannot choose where to start and stop. Our stories are the tellers of us. 
Lila Bowen, Wake of Vultures|Because a shadow was a thing that defined itself, and Nettie didn't have to fit anyone else's shape.
Marvin Minsky|That was my pride and joy - that I made it through all those years of minor hockey without losing any of my teeth; then, I ended up losing them in a car accident in New York when I was riding in a taxi. So, I end up losing my teeth, but not in the glamorous fashion I envisioned.
Stanley Victor Paskavich|For all the normal people who make fun of the mentally ill it's spelled K.A.R.M.A. and it's pronounced your days coming, Bitch!
Sean Bean|I really see myself continuing to design clothes, fragrances.
Junot Díaz, This Is How You Lose Her|It tells him what to say. I know it sounds ridiculous,” muttered Hugh.“How can a book tell a man what to say?
Frank Zappa|I like to watch the news, because I don't like people very much and when you watch the news ... if you ever had an idea that people were really terrible, you could watch the news and know that you're right.
Zeeshan Ahmed|To be content in utter darkness and ignorance is indeed unmanly, and therefore we think that to love light and find knowledge must always be right. Yet wherever pride has any share in the work, even knowledge and light may be ill pursued. Knowledge is good, and light is good: yet man perished in seeking knowledge, and moths perish in seeking light; and if we, who are crushed before the moth, will not accept such mystery as is needful to us, we shall perish in like manner.
Maggie Nelson|As the days and weeks and seasons wore on he found himself repeating this nothing, not wanting to. Gradually he came to understand that this particular nothing was all that he could really say now. He chanted it to himself in cell blocks and dingy apartments, recited it like a litany, ripped himself to rags against the sharp and ugly poetry of it. It echoed down the grimy hallways and squandered moments of his life, the answer to every question, the lyric of all songs.
Robert Frost|When the sun is shining I can do anything; no mountain is too high, no trouble too difficult to overcome.
Jessica Khoury, The Forbidden Wish|It was still twilight when they reached the flat rock. They sat, and the stone still held the warmth of the day's sun. At first there were only occasional sparkles, but as it got darker Chuck was lost in a daze pf delight as a galaxy of fireflies twinkled on and off, flinging upward in a blaze of light, dropping earthward like falling stars, moving in contiuous effervescent dance.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|To write the poem of the human conscience, were it only of a single man, were it only of the most infamous of men, would be to swallow up all epics in a superior and final epic. The conscience is the chaos of chimeras, of lusts and of temptations, the furnace of dreams, the cave of the ideas which are our shame; it is the pandemonium of sophisms, the battlefield of the passions. At certain hours, penetrate within the livid face of a human being who reflects, and look at what lies behind; look into that soul, look into that obscurity. There, beneath the external silence, there are combats of giants as in Homer, mêlées of dragons and hydras, and clouds of phantoms as in Milton, ghostly labyrinths as in Dante. What a gloom enwraps that infinite which each man bears within himself, and by which he measures in despair the desires of his will, and the actions of his life!
Philip K. Dick, VALIS|The brain makes up l/50th of our body mass but consumes a staggering 1/5th of the calories we burn for energy. If your brain were a car, in terms of gas mileage, it’d be a Hummer. Most of our conscious activity is happening in our prefrontal cortex, the part of our brain responsible for focus, handling short-term memory, solving problems, and moderating impulse control. It’s at the heart of what makes us human and the center for our executive control and willpower. The “last in, first out” theory is very much at work inside our head. The most recent parts of our brain to develop are the first to suffer if there is a shortage of resources. Older, more developed areas of the brain, such as those that regulate breathing and our nervous responses, get first helpings from our blood stream and are virtually unaffected if we decide to skip a meal. The prefrontal cortex, on the other hand, feels the impact. Unfortunately, being relatively young in terms of human development, it’s the runt of the litter come feeding time.
Diana Quick|Most of the good executives do pretty well. Because to be a good executive you have to be strong, and you have to have a simple attribute that people have forgotten about - courage.
Jean-Philippe Uzan|There was a sense that the one true theory had been discovered. Nothing else was important or worth thinking about. Seminars devoted to string theory sprang up at many of the major universities and research institutes. At Harvard, the string theory seminar was called the Postmodern Physics seminar. This appellation was not meant ironically.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Always take some of the play, fun, freedom and wonder of the weekend into your week & your work
Khushwant Singh, Delhi|I am back in my beloved city. The scene of desolation fills my eyes with tears. At every step my distress and agitation increases. I cannot recognize houses or landmarks I once knew well. Of the former inhabitants, there is no trace. Everywhere there is a terrible emptiness. All at once I find myself in the quarter where I once resided. I recall the life I used to live: meeting friends in the evening, reciting poetry, making love, spending sleepless nights pining for beautiful women and writing verses on their long tresses which held me captive. That was life! What is there left of it? Nothing.
Stanisław Jerzy Lec|Don't trust the heart, it wants your blood.
Erik Pevernagie|Happiness is an undercurrent of sensitivity and leads a surreptitious life: it is an internal eventuality. We can feel it in stillness and it stands the test of time. Joy is an eruption of cheerful moments and we want to express it: it is an external eventuality. We might shout it out, as it conveys a dynamic of fleeting instants. Joy gives voice to “en-joy-ment”. ("The grass was greener over there")
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Words can be medicines; they can also be poisons. Words can heal; they can also kill... It all depends on how, when and where they are use and against whom! Let us not abuse our words. It's a misuse of the tongue!
Eugene O'Neill, Long Day's Journey Into Night|Then in the spring something happened to me. Yes, I remember. I fell in love with James Tyrone and was so happy for time.
|Majority of those who would always push you to spend all your money on material things, tend to always be the same ones who wouldn't help you if you were to start experiencing some financial problems. Always remember that it is your money, and you have every right to spend it wisely.
Pearl  Zhu, It Innovation: Reinvent It for the Digital Age|Digital IT has a “hybrid” nature. IT management philosophy is transforming from “built to last,” to “wired for change.
Ann E. Imbrie, Spoken in Darkness: Small-Town Murder and a Friendship Beyond Death|Learning about sex was a little bit like learning grammar. Every teacher you had assumed some other teacher taught you the year before, or the year before that, as if none of them wanted to talk about it, as if grammar was a bunch of dirty words. A massive silence surrounded dangling participles and infinite clauses, and you learned to fear making mistakes you didn't know how to avoid.
Stephanie M. Wytovich|The picture to my left, that’s me. My name is Stephanie M. Wytovich, and yes, I am a female horror writer. But am I? No, of course not. I mean, if you want to bring my vagina into the conversation, then yes, I guess that’s technically true, but seeing that I don’t write with it, I’m not sure why that would be appropriate.
Tertullian|Truth persuades by teaching, but does not teach by persuading.
Ethan Hawke|If you can channel the best part of you that is bigger than yourself, where it’s not about your ego and not about getting ahead, then you can have fun and you aren’t jealous of others. You see other people's talent as another branch of your own. You can keep it rooted in joy. Life is long and there are plenty of opportunities to make mistakes. The point of it all is to learn.
Melissa Cady, Paindemic: A Practical and Holistic Look at Chronic Pain, the Medical System, and the antiPAIN Lifestyle|If illness' end be health regained then I Will pay you, Asculapeus, when I die.
"Beta" Metani' Marashi|I couldn't make any sense of this logic, that the better off got more and those had little got less. The world ran on this law and only on this.
Eric Ries, The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses|People are accustomed to thinking of accounting as dry and boring, a necessary evil used primarily to prepare financial reports and survive audits, but that is because accounting is something that has become taken for granted.
Yuu Watase|And I don't want the world to see me, Cause I don't think that they'd understand.When everything's made to be broken, I just want you to know who I am.
Michael Scott|She's in the Catskill," Shopie began, but Scathach reached over and pinched her hand. "
Marian Anderson|The presidents of colleges have to have some courage to step forward. You can't limit alcohol in college sports, you have to get rid of it.
Carla Trueheart, The Ritual of the Four|Now I realize what I've known all along, that this ability, or this gift, rather, comes at a cost. It always has.
Bruno Schulz, The Street of Crocodiles|Is it just a coincidence that as the portion of our income spent on food has declined, spending on health care has soared? In 1960 Americans spent 17.5 percent of their income on food and 5.2 percent of national income on health care. Since then, those numbers have flipped: Spending on food has fallen to 9.9 percent, while spending on heath care has climbed to 16 percent of national income. I have to think that by spending a little more on healthier food we could reduce the amount we have to spend on heath care.
Haruki Murakami, South of the Border, West of the Sun|If I stayed here, something inside me would be lost forever—something I couldn't afford to lose. It was like a vague dream, a burning, unfulfilled desire. The kind of dream people have only when they're seventeen.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|it may seem so easy to take it easy but, it is never so easy to take it easy
John Mayer|Nature is the mother and the habitat of man, even if sometimes a stepmother and an unfriendly home.
Steve Martin|You pick up loads of baggage with your first record with reaction to it from fans and critics. So I went to Ireland by myself for a couple of weeks with my guitar. I read lots of poetry, I read Patti Smith's autobiography and started words and phrases and then songs started to take shape.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Of course married life is merely a habit, a bad habit. But then one regrets the loss even of one's worse habits.
Henry Rosovsky, The University: An Owner's Manual|How can I teach my children not to lie but always speak the truth when now people are fine with "alternative facts"?
Kate McGahan|Like the cat who finds her way back home over a thousand miles, like the dog who waits for his master to arrive on the train that never comes, like the one who keeps a vigil at her master’s grave until she too can cross the bridge, some people and their pets are woven together by threads of life and they cannot, and will not, for long be separated.
Amanda Young, Circling Back|Fiery red curls catch my attention. I’ve never seen hair like hers. It’s long and hangs to just above her ass, but it’s not trashy looking. The curls are large and thick. If I were a descriptive man, I’d almost call her hair luscious. But, I’m not so I’ll leave it at fiery and thick.
Elizabeth Strout, Anything Is Possible|Angelina said, "Mom. I don't want you to die. That's the whole thing. You took from me the ability to care for you in your old age, and I wanted to be with you when you died, when you die. Mom. I wanted that.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|He came into the world like a delivery that no one knew what to do with, and nobody wanted to sign for.
Neil deGrasse Tyson, Space Chronicles: Facing the Ultimate Frontier|You know that passage in the Bible that says, “And the meek shall inherit the Earth”? Always wondered if that was mistranslated. Perhaps it actually says, “And the geek shall inherit the Earth.
Rob Kardashian|When you're young, you look at television and think, there's a conspiracy. The networks have conspired to dumb us down. But when you get a little older, you realize that's not true. The networks are in business to give people exactly what they want.
Moffat Machingura, How I Kissed Heartbreak Goodbye|Some people use power, whilst they are some who let power use them.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|God is always on time. Rejoice in the Lord! Your blessing is on the way. Don't fear the enemy who desires to stop it. No one can block what God has for you. Claim It,
Lauren Groff, Arcadia|I wondered if all a person could hope for was illusion and luck, for I was forced to conclude that the world was fundamentally and appallingly dangerous. It is a lesson I will never forget.
Rebecca Yarros, Eyes Turned Skyward|I love you, and it's not the kind of love that wavers. It's the scary kind that doesn't fade. I look at you, and I see not just everything I want for my life, but everything I am, because you took the emptiest, dark pits of my soul and filled them with you. You are as much part of me as my own heart, and it doesn't beat without you.
Uzoma Nnadi|I carefully choose people in my life and if you are not happy with it, then its your call to be angry, broken, disappointed and lose sleep over my choice, judgement & decision... no apologies.
Robert McAfee Brown|One important aspect of justice, Jose Miranda reminds us, involves the restoration of what has been stolen. Giving food to the hungry or clothing to the naked is not a charitable handout but an exercise in simple justice - restoring to the poor what is rightfully theirs, what has been taken from them unjustly.
Cecelia Ahern|SummerThe seasons between spring and autumn, comprising in the Northern Hemispherethe warmest months of the year: June, July and August. The period of finest development, perfection, or beauty previous to any decline; the summer of life.― Cecilia Ahern
Fidel Castro|If our faith is the most important part of our lives, then our religious views influence every other part of our lives, including our political views.
Jennifer Nettles|Set your compass to beauty, humor, and grief; stay the course no matter what, and I'll support you with everything I've got.
Deyth Banger|For god sake, open your eyes...the truth is crimes are real... the trouble is real... the horror is real... OPEN THE FUCKING EYES, you have freedom of speech, freedom do go to jail... My favourite characters are this in the jail!If you ask me with what I will open my eyes, my answer is with the critical edition The Leuchter Reports: Critical Editionby Fred A. Leuchter, The Age of Reason by Thomas Paine, The Common Sense by Thomas Paine
Mario J. Lucero|Anyone who wishes to destroy humanity's past, desires to destroy its future.
Louis Zamperini, Devil at My Heels|Sometimes, in my world where parents hated one another and school was a battleground, it sucked to be me.
Raymond Chandler, The High Window|The burden therefore rests with the American legal community and with the American human-rights lobbies and non-governmental organizations. They can either persist in averting their gaze from the egregious impunity enjoyed by a notorious war criminal and lawbreaker, or they can become seized by the exalted standards to which they continually hold everyone else. The current state of suspended animation, however, cannot last. If the courts and lawyers of this country will not do their duty, we shall watch as the victims and survivors of this man pursue justice and vindication in their own dignified and painstaking way, and at their own expense, and we shall be put to shame.
Athanasius of Alexandria, On the Incarnation|For the Word, realizing that in no other way would the corruption of human beings be undone except, simply, by dying, yet being immortal and the Son of the Father of the Word was not able to die, for this reason he takes to himself a body capable of death, in order that it, participating in the Word who is above all, might be sufficient for death on behalf of all, and through the indwelling Word would remain incorruptible, and so corruption might henceforth cease from all by the grace of the resurrection.
Michael W. Ford, Adamu - Luciferian Tantra and Sex Magick|Black Magick is the process of self-transformation through an antinomian initiatory structure, Black meaning the hidden wisdom, power of darkness, dreams and staging the reality you wish and Magick being the process to ascend, become immortal in spirit.
Avis J. Williams, The Psychic Mind: A Practical Guide to Psychic Development & Spiritual Growth|you know things, without knowing how you know, but you know it is true
Mary A. Pérez|There is help for the helpless, hope for the hopeless, and forgiveness for the inexcusable.
Cortney S. Warren, Lies We Tell Ourselves: The Psychology of Self-Deception|Sounding frank, honest, and sincere is, of course, a rhetorical strategy in itself, known from ancient literature as parrhesia. It’s often employed by liars.
Alice Walker|I wrap my heart in yours, placing divulged faith in the whole of your being, wistfully awaiting the trumpet you return.
Sebastião José de Carvalho e Melo|The cultivation of literary pursuits forms the basis of all sciences, and in their perfection consist the reputation and prosperity of kingdoms.
Billy Graham|See, I have set before you this day life and good, death and evil... I have set before you life and death, blessing and curse; therefore choose life.
Thich Nhat Hanh, The Art of Communicating|Lacking an articulable defense of the cultural values under siege, he became a vessel of smoldering animosities.
Jorge Luis Borges, The Library of Babel|The key to good listening isn't technique, it's desire. Until we truly want to understand the other person, we'll never listen well.
Tracee Ellis Ross|Censorship is the tool of those who have the need to hide actualities from themselves and from others. Their fear is only their inability to face what is real, and I can't vent any anger against them; I only feel this appalling sadness. Somewhere in their upbringing, they were shielded against the total facts of our existence.
Yves Saerens, De Dwarsligger|Heb jij je ooit afgevraagd of er een God bestaat?" -- "Ach, het is heel simpel. Als je gelooft in God, bestaat God. Als je niet gelooft in God, bestaat hij niet. Maar dit is de grijze zone waar de mens zo een afschuw van heeft. Het moet wit of zwart zijn.
Maajid Nawaz|AI don't make a big thing out of my race. If you try to preach, people give you a little sympathy and then they want to get out of the way. So you don't preach; you tell the story.
Robert Anton Wilson|The Bible tells us to be like God, and then on page after page it describes God as a mass murderer. This may be the single most important key to the political behavior of Western Civilization.
Lindsey Rietzsch, Successful Failures: Recognizing the Divine Role That Opposition Plays in Life's Quest for Success|Something important I have learned is patience, and turning each failure into a learning experience. ..Instead of calling them "failures" I call them "lessons". Instead of saying, "I failed at that," I say, "I learned from that." Each failure has taught me something incredibly valuable and by recognizing this I can see the hand of God in my life in situations where most people would feel abandoned by Him.
T.P. Grish, Steel, Magick and  Faith|There was balance, harsh and violent like the noxious air in a swamp. But balance, nonetheless. Then somewhere in the fickle mists of creation came humanity, clawing and afraid, grasping and ambitious. Enveloped in a dangerous world, these creatures lived as scavengers; afraid of the greater things of the world. They were beset by disease, lack of claws or fangs, and the lack of habitat to call their own. Lefeyhdie had not provided any particular prey or plant for them to eat. These fleshy, naked beings were doomed to die of attrition. Curiously, these beings never stopped Doing, or Thinking. Breeding to strengthen their numbers. Sharpening rocks, shaping wood, gathering leaves and sticks for clothing and shelter. Eventually they had settlements of great number, crude but effective tools of war. Ancient forces began to pay attention to the growing incursion, plaguing them, slaying stragglers at night. But still the humans held on to the edge of the precipice, knuckles white with effort'.
Ben Bernanke|After graduation, I was floundering in L.A., doing stand-up comedy and working in a shoe store in the Valley.
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|It was ridiculous, at times, how many tears one body could produce.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|There was a photograph of Trout. He was an old man with a full black beard. He looked like a frightened, aging Jesus, whose sentence to crucifixion had been commuted to imprisonment for life.
David Giffels, The Hard Way on Purpose: Essays and Dispatches from the Rust Belt|A lifetime, one might say, of loss, but we here recognize something much different, more nuanced, more full of shadows. A lifetime of hope. And anyone who's done both - hoped and lost - knows that in many ways, hoping is worse....As I grew into early adulthood and observed a larger pattern of hope and loss and hope and loss and hope and loss, and the concurrent resilience thereof, I came to a begrudging conclusion: neither of these things - hope and loss - can exist without the other, and yet at every turn it is necessary to believe that at some point one will ultimately conquer. And that will be our legacy.
Paul Reps, Zen Flesh, Zen Bones: A Collection of Zen and Pre-Zen Writings|What determines each person's state of happiness or unhappiness is not the event itself, but what the event means to that person.
Richard Lamm|No one is an environmentalist by birth. It is only your path, your life, your travels that awaken you.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|If you're searching for the truth, throw out all your prejudices and just gather the facts. If you do that, you'll be able to see the real truth.
Leo Tolstoy, The Death of Ivan Ilych|At the point where he, today's Ivan Ilyich, began to emerge, all the pleasures that had seemed so real melted away now before his eyes and turned into something trivial and often disgusting.And the further he was from childhood, the nearer he got to the present day, the more trivial and dubious his pleasures appeared. It started with law school. That had retained a little something that was really good: there was fun, there was friendship, there was hope. But in the last years the good times had become more exceptional. Then, at the beginning of his service with the governor, some good times came again: memories of making love to a woman. Then it became all confused, and the good times were not so many. After that there were fewer still; the further he went the fewer there were.Marriage. . .an accident and such a disappointment, and his wife's bad breath, and all that sensuality and hypocrisy! And the deadlines of his working life, and those money worries, going on for a year, two years, ten, twenty - always the same old story. And the longer it went on the deadlier it became.'It's as if I had been going downhill when I thought I was going uphill. That's how it was. In society's opinion I was heading uphill, but in equal measure life was slipping away from me...And now it's all over. Nothing left but to die!
Rosalynn Carter|Hunger and malnutrition have devastating consequences for children and have been linked to low birth weight and birth defects, obesity, mental and physical health problems, and poorer educational outcomes.
Neeky Albert|I heard Tash say: Nomi, you’re sad man. Get a grip. Walk away. What have I taught you? And I thought: You taught me that some people can leave and some can’t and those who can will always be infinitely cooler than those you can’t and I’m one of the ones who can’t because you’re one of the ones who did and there’s this old guy in a wool suit sitting in an empty house who has no one but me now thank you very, very, very much.
Tereska Torrès, Women's Barracks|In every woman, Claude had told Mickey, there is a need rarely satisfied by men, a need for simply caressing, and she had described how one of her women friends loved to cares the 'neutral parts' of her body for hours at a time. The neutral parts were the shoulders, the arms, the throat, the back, the parts that men seemd to forget. The insatiable desire for tenderness was felt most strongly in these neutral parts, wich were so rarely caressed. Men made love each in his fashion, more or less expertly, according to Claude, and they were especially fond of those things in women that were different from their own bodies.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Hobbit|My armor is like tenfold shields, my teeth are swords, my claws spears, the shock of my tail a thunderbolt, my wings a hurricane, and my breath death!
John Steinbeck, Sweet Thursday|This is the greatest mystery of the human mind--the inductive leap. Everything falls into place, irrelevancies relate, dissonance becomes harmony, and nonsense wears a crown of meaning. But the clarifying leap springs from the rich soil of confusion, and the leaper is not unfamiliar with pain.
Marilyn French|At least 50 times. I've jumped off a building, jumped off a cliff in a car. I've been in bedrooms when women came in with knives and guns.
John Green|Good or bad, positive or negative, there is no comment more insulting to a poet than one displaying that you have not properly read and considered the things they wrote.
Jodi Picoult, Salem Falls|A robber? In the trash bins? Honestly, Wes. This is Salem Falls, not the set of Law and Order.
Touré, I Would Die 4 U: Why Prince Became an Icon|Imagine America as one house on a suburban lane. Years before he became a Jehovah's Witness, Prince knocked on America's door through his music. He came to the door holding a guitar and an umbrella while concealing a Bible. He flirted his way inside the door and told us he had a dirty mind and was controversial, and then he sat down in the living room on the good couch. And, when America's guard was down, because we thought we were having a conversation about sex, Prince eased out his Bible and said, "Let me also tell you about my Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ.
Kenyon Gambier, The Mad Masquerade|Sorrow fades," he muttered as he retrieved the last fragment, "grief dies, but Art lives forever.
William J. Clinton|If you think technology can solve your security problems, then you don't understand the problems and you don't understand the technology.
Danielle   Tate, Elegant Entrepreneur: The Female Founders Guide to Starting & Growing Your First Company|Answers are free, mistakes are costly.
Steve Bainbridge|Agnosticism, Atheism, secularism, Buddhism, Hinduism, Islam or any other counter belief to Christianity is not the greatest threat facing Christianity in the west. The biggest threat facing Christianity in the west is Scripture illiterate believers. People who are asleep, all while the world waits to here the Gospel...” 
Kate Christensen|I used to go to musicals every birthday - that was my birthday present. We'd go to London, me and my two brothers and mum and dad. I think I saw 'Mamma Mia' about five times.
John Locke|Being a patriot doesn't mean prioritizing service to government above all else. Being a patriot means knowing when to protect your country, knowing when to protect your Constitution, knowing when to protect your countrymen, from the violations of and encroachments of adversaries. And those adversaries don't have to be foreign countries.
Catie Hartsfield|Today I’m going… but one day I’ll back to prove myself, who I’m...
Herb Ritts|Although it's easy to forget sometimes, a share is not a lottery ticket... it's part-ownership of a business.
Russell Brand|It is impossible to understand how millions and millions of people all obey a sickly collection of gentlemen that call themselves 'Government!' The word, I expect, frightens people. It is a form of planetary hypnosis, and very unhealthy.""It has been going on for years," I said. "And it only occurred to relatively few to disobey and make what they call revolutions. If they won their revolutions, which they occasionally did, they made more governments, sometimes more cruel and stupid than the last.""Men are very difficult to understand," said Carmella. "Let's hope they all freeze to death. I am sure it would be very pleasant and healthy for human beings to have no authority whatever. They would have to think for themselves, instead of always being told what to do and think by advertisements, cinemas, policemen, and parliaments.
Audrey Niffenegger, The Time Traveler's Wife|He'd known, since the moment he figured out who she was, that while Celaena would always pick him, Aelin would not.
Mark Huntley-James, Hell Of A Deal|In case it's escaped your notice, that bastard has tried to kill me twice now. How about using your considerable power to track him down rather than trying to unravel my unremarkable past?
Spaz tastic!!|If only they gave all unsolved crime cases television air time, they could be solved within an hour on one of those crime story shows.
Charles Sanders Peirce|In all the works on pedagogy that ever I read — and they have been many, big, and heavy — I don't remember that any one has advocated a system of teaching by practical jokes, mostly cruel. That, however, describes the method of our great teacher, Experience.
Bhavik Sarkhedi|The grass on the other side will always be greener.But, you will want to go on that side to check how green your side was.
Olivia Munn|I grew up thinking that I would become a fighter pilot and was fascinated by aircrafts as I had grown up around that. But my father encouraged me to not become an Air Force person, given the varied interests I had, be it books, movies, sports or fighter flying.
Hwang Sok-yong, The Old Garden|Reading is a sage way to bump up against life. Reading may be an escape, but it is not an escape from my own life and problems.  It is an escape from the narrow boundaries of being only me. Reading in some wonderful ways helps me find out who I am. When she was a young girl Patricia MacLachlan's mother encouraged her to "read a book and find out who you are." And it is true that in some ways reading defines me as it refines me. Reading enlarges my vision of the world; it helps me understand someone who is different from me. It makes me bigger on the inside. We tend to see the world from our own perspective; it is good to see it from the eyes of others. Good literature helps me understand who I am in relation to what others experience. Far from being an escape from reality, good literature is a window into reality. I read to feel life.
Laura Kasischke, White Bird in a Blizzard|I began to understand that dancing well had everything to do with believing you could. Like those dreams of flying- dipping gracefully through the air in your weightless body- if in your sleep, you stopped to think about it for more than half a second, you'd crash like a sack of dead ducks onto the roof of a church.
Saladin Ahmed, Throne of the Crescent Moon|First, be ruthless about your calendar—stick to it, hell or high water but create space for unstructured time as well.
Indra Nooyi|Men need marriage more than women do. In fact, they need it to survive.
John Polkinghorne, Quantum Physics and Theology: An Unexpected Kinship|The doctrine of creation of the kind that the Abrahamic faiths profess is such that it encourages the expectation that there will be a deep order in the world, expressive of the Mind and Purpose of that world’s Creator. It also asserts that the character of this order has been freely chosen by God, since it was not determined beforehand by some kind of pre-existing blueprint (as, for example, Platonic thinking had supposed to be the case). As a consequence, the nature of cosmic order cannot be discovered just by taking thought, as if humans could themselves explore a noetic realm of rational constraint to whichthe Creator had had to submit, but the pattern of the world has to be discerned through the observations and experiments that are necessary in order to determine what form the divine choice has actually taken. What is needed, therefore, for successful science is the union of the mathematical expression of order with the empirical investigation of the actual properties of nature, a methodological synthesis of a kind that was pioneered with great skill and fruitfulness by Galileo.
Cornell Woolrich, The Fantastic Stories of Cornell Woolrich|Frailty, thy name is woman!—A little month, or ere those shoes were oldWith which she follow'd my poor father's body,Like Niobe, all tears:—
Elizabeth Peters, The Falcon at the Portal|We have all made mistakes, each and every one of us. The trick is to not keep making them over and over.” “I don’t,” I said, not modestly but truthfully. “I keep finding new mistakes to make. I suspect that I have a genius for it.
Brian Evenson, Fugue State|Combat and rape, the public and private forms of organized social violence, are primarily experiences of adolescent and early adult life. The United States Army enlists young men at seventeen; the average age of the Vietnam combat soldier was nineteen. In many other countries boys are conscripted for military service while barely in their teens. Similarly, the period of highest risk for rape is in late adolescence. Half of all victims are aged twenty or younger at the time they are raped; three-quarters are between the ages of thirteen and twenty-six. The period of greatest psychological vulnerability is also in reality the period of greatest traumatic exposure, for both young men and young women. Rape and combat might thus be considered complementary social rites of initiation into the coercive violence at the foundation of adult society. They are the paradigmatic forms of trauma for women and men.
Ron Brackin|Proud people have a mirror, the objects in that mirror is rebellion, A wise advice is often seen by them as controlling, Let them be.
Paul Brunton|You will know if you are too acidic if you get sick often, get urinary tract infections, suffer from headaches, and have bad breath and body odor (when you do not use antiperspirant). Acidosis is the medical term for a blood alkalinity of less than 7.35. A normal reading is called homeostasis. It is not considered a disease; although in and of itself it is recognized as an indicator of disease. Your blood feeds your organs and tissues; so if your blood is acidic, your organs will suffer and your body will have to compensate for this imbalance somehow. We need to do all we can to keep our blood alkalinity high. The way to do this is to dramatically increase our intake of alkaline-rich elements like fresh, clean air; fresh, clean water; raw vegetables (particularly their juices); and sunlight, while drastically reducing our intake of and exposure to acid-forming substances: pollution, cigarettes, hard alcohol, white flour, white sugar, red meat, and coffee. By tipping the scales in the direction of alkalinity through alkaline diet and removal of acid waste through cleansing, and acidic body can become an alkaline one."Bear in mind that some substances that are alkaline outside the body, like milk, are acidic to the body; meaning that they leave and acid reside in the tissues, just as many substances that are acidic outside the body, like lemons and ripe tomatoes, are alkaline and healing in the body and contribute to the body's critical alkaline reserve.
Brother Yun, The Heavenly Man: The Remarkable True Story of Chinese Christian Brother Yun|I committed mistakes many times, fall short, tempted and diverted but able to reconfigure my direction because of God's loving mercy.
Sally Mann|I have written two medical novels. I have never studied medicine, never seen an operation.
Lauren DeStefano, Wither|Don't you miss it?" I say. "Being free."He laughs.
Cheryl Hughes|Actually," said Jace, "I prefer to think that I'm a liar in a way that's uniquely my own.
Liam Payne|If the Age of Sport has been all champagne and roses hitherto, then expect our love affair with its newly-acquired prominence to become increasingly tainted by scandals about cheating. Sport is losing its shine and allure.
Tim Shipman, All Out War: The Full Story of How Brexit Sank Britain's Political Class|...Andrew Feldman put £2,000 behind the bar, and [David] Cameron told a joke about a farmer inviting a new neighbour to come to his house for a party where there might be dancing, drinking and ‘rough sex’. When the neighbour asks what to wear, the farmer says, ‘It doesn’t matter, it’s only going to be you and me.
Deborah Harkness, A Discovery of Witches|A ma vie de coer entier.Mon debut et ma fin. Se souvenir du passe, et qu'il ya un avenir. My whole heart for my whole life.With an alpha and an omega: my beginning and my end.Remember the past, and that there is a future.
Rachel Kushner|The first time I went to New York, I went with my first boyfriend, Clark. His dad had just bought an apartment in New York, and my dad dropped us off, and we were there for a week on our own. I must have been 15 or 16. I remember I went to Harlem and bought a goose jacket. That was the hip, hot thing.
Chuck Palahniuk, Survivor|We had two bags of grass, seventy-five pellets of mescaline, five sheets of high powered blotter acid, a salt shaker half full of cocaine, and a whole galaxy of multi-colored uppers, downers, screamers, laughers... and also a quart of tequila, a quart of rum, a case of Budweiser, a pint of raw ether and two dozen amyls.Not that we needed all that for the trip, but once you get locked into a serious drug collection, the tendency is to push it as far as you can.
Sandy Kreps, Fresh Start: 31 Days to Simplify, Declutter and Rein in the Chaos|A lady once offered me a mat, but as I had no room to spare within the house, nor time to spare within or without to shake it, I declined it, preferring to wipe my feet on the sod before my door. It is best to avoid the beginnings of evil.
Monica Crowley|Our government is printing money, and it's degrading the living standard of every person in America. It's the cause of frustration, anger, and confusion.
Annette Funicello|We are different, in essence, from other men. If you want to win something, run 100 meters. If you want to experience something, run a marathon.
Ferdinand Marcos|Africans require, want, the franchise on the basis of one man one vote. They want political independence.
Chris Salamone, Rescue America: Our Best America Is Only One Generation Away|Humbleness, modest and down to earth that recognize the real power and true sense of values towards the achievement of good life and enduring everlasting qualities.
Michael J. Fox|One's dignity may be assaulted, vandalized and cruelly mocked, but it can never be taken away unless it is surrendered.
Evelyn Beatrice Hall|Social media websites are no longer performing an envisaged function of creating a positive communication link among friends, family and professionals. It is a veritable battleground, where insults fly from the human quiver, damaging lives, destroying self-esteem and a person's sense of self-worth.
A.L.O.E., The Haunted Room: A Tale|when you get to the peak, remember the valley exists
Arash Pakravesh, Love Story|Life is a cycle of sadness and joy , Best decision is stop at the point of Happiness .
Tom Holt|Stephanie and I got married publicly on the beach, in front of friends and family, and the local police shut down the highway for us to cross the street back to my cousin's house. Cars backed up for miles, and everybody in town cheered.
Ami Bera|Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is God's gift, that's why we call it the present.
Rose Wynters, The Vampire's House of Pleasure: Part One|She gave him a double-birded salute, and he barked out a rusty laugh. I’m laughing. Me. When was the last time that had happened? He couldn’t remember. But she kept doing things to amuse him. Shock him, even. Like pulling out a sword and expressing a very real fear about zombies. Zombies.
Amit Chaudhuri, A Strange And Sublime Address|Some stories are easy to follow, and easy to tell. There is an introduction, a twist, and a happily-ever-after. And when telling the story, everyone forgets those small details, like that one quiet morning when the two of you woke wake up with the sunrise and talked about cookies. Or that night when she had her period, and the cramps were killing her, and she just needed your hug and something warm.
Jane Austen, Love and Freindship and Other Early Works|She was nothing more than a mere good-tempered, civil and obliging Young Woman; as such we could scarcely dislike her -- she was only an Object of Contempt
Tracy March, Just Say Maybe|Indeed, wounded loved can make for fierce vengeance. And, from what I know of Anissa, it does seem a bit out of character for her to behave so spitefully, so I'd like to think that she really is just deeply hurt, angry and looking for some way to injure me back...I hope she knows how well she's succeeded.
Louis de Bernières, Captain Corelli's Mandolin|Love is a temporary madness, it erupts like volcanoes and then subsides. And when it subsides, you have to make a decision. You have to work out whether your roots have so entwined together that it is inconceivable that you should ever part. Because this is what love is. Love is not breathlessness, it is not excitement, it is not the promulgation of promises of eternal passion, it is not the desire to mate every second minute of the day, it is not lying awake at night imagining that he is kissing every cranny of your body. No, don't blush, I am telling you some truths. That is just being "in love", which any fool can do. Love itself is what is left over when being in love has burned away, and this is both an art and a fortunate accident.
Lee Pryke|A ray of sunshine, I bring to the world my passion of guiding others to their point of power by first loving themselves from the inside out. I Am on a never ending journey of self discovery and that has earned me a PHd in life experience I share with you. If your ready to walk the path of happy, I am your partner and together we Can transform your world into something extraordinarily awesome.
Nicola Yoon, Everything, Everything|Online life is practice to make the rest of life better, but it is also a pleasure in itself.
Sandra L. Bertman, Facing Death: Images, Insights, and Interventions: A Handbook for Educators, Healthcare Professionals, and Counselors|Part of dealing with the sense of being cut off - for both the one dying and the one bereaved - is acknowledging that though a vital part of life has changed dramatically, all relationships (with friends, even with you, perhaps) have not.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|The soul, fortunately, has an interpreter - often an unconscious but still a faithful interpreter - in the eye.
Ted Dekker, A.D. 30|Do not allow fear to bind you up, dear one. You will only lose what you already have. Accept what is given now. ~Yeshua
Peter Senge|Rules governing defecation, hygiene, and pollution exist in every culture at every period in history. It may in fact be the foundation of civilization: What is toilet training if not the first attempt to turn a child into an acceptable member of society?
Laura Dave, London is the Best City in America|Josh had told me a long time ago that he had this theory that an entire relationship was based on what occurred over the course of the first five minutes you know each other. That everything that came after those first minutes was just details being filled in. Meaning: you already knew how deep the love was, how instinctually you felt about someone.What happened in their first five minutes?Time stopped.
"Beta" Metani' Marashi|If you take care off your employees, they will take care of your business
Abhijit Naskar|He was religious, but had refrained from allowing his religious ideals to be obscured by a god.
Thomas Sowell, Intellectuals and Society|Nothing is easier than to get peaceful people to renounce violence, even when they provide no concrete ways to prevent violence from others.
J.K. Rowling, Very Good Lives: The Fringe Benefits of Failure and the Importance of Imagination|As is a tale, so is life: not how long it is, but how good it is, is what matters.I wish you all very good lives.
Neil Gaiman|If you only write when you’re inspired you may be a fairly decent poet, but you’ll never be a novelist because you’re going to have to make your word count today and those words aren’t going to wait for you whether you’re inspired or not.You have to write when you’re not inspired. And you have to write the scenes that don’t inspire you. And the weird thing is that six months later, a year later, you’ll look back at them and you can’t remember which scenes you wrote when you were inspired and which scenes you just wrote because they had to be written next.The process of writing can be magical. …Mostly it’s a process of putting one word after another.
Cindi Madsen, Falling for Her Fiance|I do love you. I love you so much I can hardly breathe, and I don’t know how we’ll work everything out, but I want to. I’ve never wanted anything more.
Kimberly Lauren, Beautiful Broken Mess|I said ”I love you so much it’s killing me”and you kept saying sorryso I stopped explainingfor it never made sense to youwhat always did to meto let what you love kill youand never regret. As Romeo is dying Juliet says”I am willing to die to remain by your side”and love was never a static place of restbut the last second of euphoriawhile throwing yourself out from a 20 store windowto be able to say”I flew before I hit the ground”,and it was glorious.Don’t be sorry.The fall was beautiful, dear.The crash was beautiful.
Munindra Misra, Eddies of Life|4.39 HUMANITY & DIVINITYWhen you lose reasoning you forget humanity,When you forget laughter you lose Divinity.[222]	– 4
Andrew Murray, With Christ in the School of Prayer|Prayer [is] the quiet, persistent living of our life of desire and faith in the presence of our God.
Heather Watts|There is geometry in the humming of the strings, there is music in the spacing of the spheres.
Gift Gugu Mona|Even when told to trust no one, the truth is, no one feels comfortable around people they cannot trust.
Lisa O'Donnell, The Death of Bees|Of course every girl wishes she could be one of those pop star babes who wave their hands in the air yelling about being survivors but when love sits on one side of you and loneliness on the other, it’s hard to stop the touching and the kissing.
Brenna Yovanoff, The Space Between|I hoisted myself onto my elbows. "Yeah, well, if I ever come back as a Grigori, then I'll kick your ass.""You'll come back, and you'll be a Grigori." He spoke with such certainty it made me smile. "I doubt very greatly, however, that you'll kick my ass. But me and my ass will enjoy your efforts.
Dean Karnazes|As far as I'm concerned, Cate Blanchett is a goddess, but she's really down to earth. She's got all those Oscars, she's made all those amazing films and she could spend her whole life doing that, but what does she also do? She gives birth to three boys and creates her own theatre in Sydney.
Kate McGahan, Jack McAfghan: Return from Rainbow Bridge|So many people are afraid of the ending of their life on earth. Then there are others who are afraid of not being able to leave after their bodies have long failed them. There's nothing at all to be afraid of. Death is the last lesson in the school of life. It is the final stage of growth. Death is the one event that is designed to remove all of your remaining fears. Someday you will find that the things you were most afraid of, like death, were only illusions.
James Agee, Cotton Tenants: Three Families|And a human being whose life is nurtured in an advantage which has accrued from the disadvantage of other human beings, and who prefers that this should remain as it is, is a human being by definition only, having much more in common with the bedbug, the tapeworm, the cancer, and the scavengers of the deep sea.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|What criterion ought one to adopt to judge one's fellows? After all, there was not a single person he knew who might not, in certain circumstances, prove capable of a shameful action.
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|Not this in-between thing that Levi had, where his brain could catch the words but couldn't hold on to them.
Kian Lawley|The reason that I'm a writer today is because of Shakespeare and falling in love with Shakespeare when I was 8. That was through the movies, actually - through Olivier's 'Hamlet.' That was the first thing that got me to fall in love with Shakespeare and movies and everything in one big preadolescent rush.
Tara Conklin, The House Girl|When Death, or adverse Fortune's ruthless gale,Tears our best hopes away, the wounded HeartExhausted, leans on all that can impartThe charm of Sympathy; her mutual wailHow soothing! never can her warm tears failTo balm our bleeding grief's severest smart;Nor wholly vain feign'd Pity's solemn art,Tho' we should penetrate her sable veil.Concern, e'en known to be assum'd, our painsRespecting, kinder welcome far acquiresThan cold Neglect, or Mirth that Grief profanes.Thus each faint Glow-worm of the Night conspires,Gleaming along the moss'd and darken'd lanes,To cheer the Gloom with her unreal fires.
Zelda Fitzgerald|I love you, even if there isn’t any me, or any love, or even any life. I love you.
Ed Catmull, Creativity, Inc.: Overcoming the Unseen Forces That Stand in the Way of True Inspiration|This principle eludes most people, but it is critical: You are not your idea, and if you identify too closely with your ideas, you will take offense when they are challenged.
William Godwin, Enquiry Concerning Political Justice and Its Influence on Modern Morals and Happiness|if admiration were not generally deemed the exclusive property of the rich, and contempt the constant lackey of poverty, the love of gain would cease to be an universal problem.
Joe Abercrombie, The Heroes|Whirrun ignored ‘em. ‘Then, when I’ve got two cut,’ and he dropped a pale slab of cheese on one slice then slapped the other on top like he was catching a fly, ‘I trap the cheese between then, and there you have it!’‘Bread and cheese.’ Yon weighed the half-loaf in one hand and the cheese in the other. ‘Just the same as I’ve got.’ And he bit off the cheese and tossed it to Scorry.Whirrun sighed. ‘Have none of you no vision?’ He held up his masterpiece to such light as there was, which was almost none. ‘This is no more bread and cheese than a fine axe is wood and iron, or a live person is meat and har.’‘What is it, then?’ asked Drfod, rocking back from his wet wood and tossing the flint aside in disgust.‘A whole new thing. A forging of the humble part of bread and cheese into a greater whole. I call it … a cheese-trap.’ Whirrun took a dainty nibble from one corner. ‘Oh, yes, my friends. This tastes like … progress…
Jeannette Rankin|The greatest threat to peace is the barrage of rightist propaganda portraying war as decent, honorable, and patriotic.
Sean Covey, The 7 Habits of Highly Effective Teens: The Ultimate Teenage Success Guide|It's especially hard to admit that you made a mistake to your parents, because, of course, you know so much more than they do.
Anonymous|And she's here. In front of me, smiling at me. Her mouth moves, and I say 'I love you too' because I do, so much more than I thought possible even yesterday.
Kazuo Ishiguro, Never Let Me Go|There was no sleeper more elegant than she, with her curved body posed for a dance and her hand across her forehead, but there was also no one more ferocious when anyone disturbed the sensuality of her thinking she was still asleep when she no longer was.
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|In the little world in which children have their existence, whosoever brings them up, there is nothing so finely perceived and so finely felt as injustice.
Ruth Ozeki, A Tale for the Time Being|We're by-products of the mid-twentieth century", Oliver said. "Who isn't?
Ayelet Waldman|Love is moral even without legal marriage, but marriage is immoral without love.
Stanley Christopher|On the way home, I saw a fist fight between an adverb and a pair of parentheses.I kept on walking.
Samuel Beckett, Malone Dies|Working hard is not a waste of time, but a state of mind. Keep pushing your limits until you reach the edge. Then be kind and rewind.
Tim Fargo, Alphabet Success - Keeping it Simple|...I understand that at times, life takes us in different directions than we planned.
Albert Camus|The evil that is in the world always comes of ignorance, and good intentions may do as much harm as malevolence, if they lack understanding. On the whole, men are more good than bad; that, however, isn’t the real point. But they are more or less ignorant, and it is this that we call vice or virtue; the most incorrigible vice being that of an ignorance that fancies it knows everything and therefore claims for itself the right to kill. The soul of the murderer is blind; and there can be no true goodness nor true love without the utmost clear-sightedness.
Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan|Sports is a metaphor for overcoming obstacles and achieving against great odds. Athletes, in times of difficulty, can be important role models.
William Shakespeare, Othello|...speak to me as to thy thinkingAs thou dost ruminate, and give thy worst of thoughtsThe worst of words...
Carson Kressley|There are a lot of people with a lot of money, and I'm amazed they don't understand what a great pleasure it can be to give.
Jill Shalvis|Okay, time to play doctor.”Her entire body quivered, sending “yes please” vibes to her brain. Luckily her mouth intercepted them. “Sure, if I can be the doctor.”His mouth curved. “I’m willing to take turns, but me first.
Patrick Swayze, The Time of My Life|When those you love die, the best you can do is honor their spirit for as long as you live. You make a commitment that you're going to take whatever lesson that person or animal was trying to teach you, and you make it true in your own life... it's a positive way to keep their spirit alive in the world, by keeping it alive in yourself.
Debasish Mridha|There is a girl.I named her love.She has a father. His name is desire.Her mother has a name,but not always the same. We call her destiny.Love calls her mommy.
Garth Nix, Lirael|I loved going to the library. It was the first time I ever saw Black newspapers and magazines like JET, Ebony, the Baltimore Afro-American, or the Chicago Defender. And I’ll never forget my librarian.
Philip Larkin, Collected Poems|We both have a lot of growing-up to do... A lot of the world to see & figure out on our own." -- Leo
Abhishek Ratna, No Parking. No Halt. Success Non Stop!|Success means we go to sleep at night knowing that our talents and our abilities were used in a way that served people.  We're compensated by grateful looks in other people's eyes, whatever material abundance supports us in performing joyfully and at high energy, and the magnificent feeling that we did our bit today to help save the world.
Fasela Oosterwolde|Every morning, whether I've slept or not, whether I've made it through the day without crying or given in and sobbed in the shower, where no one can hear me― the sun comes up, and I make my choice.
James S.A. Corey, Gods of Risk|Ten thousand years to build civilization, ten months to tear it down, and each day lasted ten times longer than the one before, and the nights lasted ten times as long as the days. The only thing more excruciating than the boredom of those hours was the terror of knowing that any minute they could end.
Sarah Vowell|To criticize one's country is to do it a service... Criticism, in short, is more than a right; it is an act of patriotism--a higher form of patriotism, I believe, than the familiar rituals and national adulation.
Anjum Choudhary, Souled Out|It's okay darling,creative people are called crazyall the time.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Miracle at Speedy Motors|She did not think that those who were late, or the ancestors themselves, would wish punishment upon us, no matter what our transgressions. It was far more likely that there would be love, falling like rain from above, changing the hearts of the wicked; transforming them
Tony Fadell|I tell my workshop students, 'I want you to think of yourselves as artists. Then, when you're writing, you're painting, you're crafting, you're making a design, you're sculpting, you're creating choreography, sound, a sound script.'
Marcel Pagnol|The reason people find it so hard to be happy is that they always see the past better than it was, the present worse than it is, and the future less resolved than it will be.
Jostein Gaarder, The Solitaire Mystery|When you realize there is something you don't understand, then you're generally on the right path to understanding all kinds of things.
Jon Kabat-Zinn, Wherever You Go, There You Are: Mindfulness Meditation in Everyday Life|Meditation does not involve trying to change your thinking by thinking some more. It involves watching thought itself. The watching is the holding. By watching your thoughts without being drawn into them, you can learn something profoundly liberating about thinking itself, which may help you to be less of a prisoner of those thought patterns (….)
Rick Riordan, The Sword of Summer|The thing about fate, Magnus: even if we can't change the big picture, our choices can alter the details. That's how we rebel against destiny, how we make our mark. What will you choose to do?
Lois Greiman, Unmanned|If men were necessary in the procreation process, they'd have gone the way of the dodo bird long ago.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|He does have surprising, secret purposes. I open a Bible, and His plans, startling, lie there barefaced. It’s hard to believe it, when I read it, and I have to come back to it many times, feel long across those words, make sure they are real. His love letter forever silences any doubts: “His secret purpose framed from the very beginning [is] to bring us to our full glory” (1 Corinthians 2:7 NEB).
C.A. Woolf|What has been seen cannot be unseen, what has been learned cannot be unknown. You cannot change the past, but you can learn from it. You can grow from it. You can be made stronger. You can use that strength to change your life, to change your future.
Marie Kondō, The Life-Changing Magic of Tidying Up: The Japanese Art of Decluttering and Organizing|It is not memories but the person we have become because of those past experiences that we should treasure. This is the lesson these keepsakes teach us when we sort them. The space in which we live should be for the person we are becoming now, not the person we were in the past. P.118
Kirsty Moseley, The Boy Who Sneaks in My Bedroom Window|No angel. The reason I went with all them girls was to try and get over you. I wake up to you everyday. you send my mind and body into frenzy. I can smell your hair when I close my eyes, or I can imagine how your hand feels when you lay it on my chest. It kills me everyday to be so close to you, but be so far away.
David P. Bryden|While railing against the manufactured prerequisites of womanhood or manhood, we need to avoid manufacturing our own prerequisites. The non-operative journey and the objection to it illustrate just one area in which we need to open our thinking to other journeys while expecting that others respect our own. - Mercedes Allen
Bethany Brookbank, Write like no one is reading|If I could only teach you one thing about the world, it would be to Appreciate and be as present as possible in every moment. Take everything in and try and learn from it. No matter how tangled things get, there is always a lesson to be learned in the untangling of those things.
Lailah Gifty, Akita|All men have One Master, the Maker.
Moosa Rahat|Don't consider my kindness as my weakness, the beast in me is sleeping not dead.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A flower takes a while to grow, but can die in an instant; this is how it is with trust.
Dean Koontz, The Bad Place|The tragedy is not that we are alone, but that we cannot be. At times I would give anything in the world to no longer be connected by anything to this universe of men.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|If there is someone whom you would really like to impress, learn as much as you can to be informed, enlightened, and aware of them before you meet.
Raymond D. Longoria Jr.|As I count my blessings, I feel God's Loving Hands touching each of them.
Thomas Fuller|Love is the joy of the good, the wonder of the wise, the amazement of the Gods.
Raif Badawi, 1000 Lashes: Because I Say What I Think|It’s a wonder of human behavior: we build our own handcuffs that trap and harm us. We create the myth, and we honor it. We tell the lie, and we believe it.
|Perhaps it's human nature: We want to shield our children from pain, and what we get instead is life and heartache and lessons that bring us to our knees. Sooner or later we are handed the brute, necessary curriculum of surrender, we have no choice, then but to bow our heads and learn. We struggle to accept that our children's destinies are not ours to write, their battles not ours to fight, their bruises not ours to bear, nor their victories ours to take credit for. We learn humility and how to ask for help. We learn to let go even when every fiber of our being yearns to hold on even tighter.
Lawrence Anthony, Babylon's Ark: The Incredible Wartime Rescue of the Baghdad Zoo|What made them particularly unusual was the way Steve presented them. He was rational and fluent and had given much thought to the problems he was discussing, although he had not thought about the implications of the thing – that this was socially deviant conduct of the highest order, involving injuries and maiming and the destruction of property., I don’t think he understood the implications; I don’t think he would have acknowledged them as valid.
Marc Chagall|If I create from the heart, nearly everything works; if from the head, almost nothing.
Michael Cunningham, A Home at the End of the World|I wanted a settled life and a shocking one. Think of Van Gogh, cypress trees and church spires under a sky of writhing snakes. I was my father's daughter. I wanted to be loved by someone like my tough judicious mother and I wanted to run screaming through the headlights with a bottle in my hand. That was the family curse. We tended to nurse flocks of undisciplined wishes that collided and canceled each other out. The curse implied that if we didn't learn to train our desires in one direction or another we were likely to end up with nothing. Look at my father and mother today.I married in my early twenties. When that went to pieces I loved a woman. At both of those times and at other times, too, I believed I had focused my impulses and embarked on a long victory over my own confusion. Now, in my late thirties, I knew less than ever about what I wanted. In place of youth's belief in change I had begun to feel a nervous embarrassment that ticked inside me like a clock. I'd never meant to get this far in such an unfastened condition. (p.142)
Doris Lessing, The Golden Notebook|As I was saying, that’s the dark secret of our time, no one mentions it, but every time one opens a door one is greeted by a shrill, desperate and inaudible scream.
Jack Prelutsky, A Pizza the Size of the Sun|I often repeat repeat myself,I often repeat repeat.I don't don't know why know why,I simply know that I I Iam am inclined to say to saya lot a lot this way this way-I often repeat repeat myself,I often repeat repeat.I often repeat repeat myself,I often repeat repeat.My mom my mom gets mad gets mad,it irritates my dad my dad,it drives them up a tree a tree,that's what they tell they tell me me-I often repeat repeat myself,I often repeat repeat.I often repeat repeat myself,I often repeat repeat.It gets me in a jam a jam,but that's the way I am I am,in fact I think it's neat it's neatto to to to repeat repeat-I often repeat repeat myself,I often repeat repeat.
Alexia Penteleόn de aRcturi|Love ~ Truth ~ Freedom are three words that mean the same, and none may exist without the other present.
Stuart J. Scesney|When life gives you lemons...add melted butter , toasted paprika and dip some lobster in it!
Alexandre Dumas|There is neither happiness nor misery in the world; there is only the comparison of one state with another, nothing more. He who has felt the deepest grief is best able to experience supreme happiness. We must have felt what it is to die, Morrel, that we may appreciate the enjoyments of life. " Live, then, and be happy, beloved children of my heart, and never forget, that until the day God will deign to reveal the future to man, all human wisdom is contained in these two words, 'Wait and Hope.
D.R. Graham, Put It Out There|I do like the way people behave toward me and Theresa when we’re together-everyone’s voice changes to music, and we get all sorts of smiles.
Mortimer J. Adler, How to Read a Book: The Classic Guide to Intelligent Reading|The mind can atrophy, like the muscles, if it is not used.
Donna Grant, Fire Rising|Mom's smiles were the most beautiful thing in the world, and they almost always made things better. They almost even made an early bedtime okay, but not quite.
Sara Sheridan|What’s the use of saying anything, when you’re not even listening?" - excerpt from: freefalling
Kimberly Guilfoyle|We can't just rail against crime. We must speak of the root problems - devastating family breakup, an insidious culture of violence that cheapens human life, skyrocketing prisoner recidivism rates that rob our communities of husbands and fathers - and recognize that there is a societal role in rehabilitation and restoration.
Debra Driza, MILA 2.0|we were never here nor there, never allowed to be happy or allowed to be sad.Darkness and light, black and white, good and evil. Memories and new experiences were polar opposites requiring the same host: you.
Roger Allam, Players of Shakespeare 3: Further Essays in Shakespearean Performance by Players with the Royal Shakespeare Company|I’m having my lunch when I hear a familiar hoarse shout, ‘Oy Tony!’ I whip round, damaging my neck further, to see Michael Gambon in the lunch queue. …Gambon tells me the story of Olivier auditioning him at the Old Vic in 1962. His audition speech was from Richard III. ‘See, Tone, I was thick as two short planks then and I didn’t know he’d had a rather notable success in the part. I was just shitting myself about meeting the Great Man. He sussed how green I was and started farting around.’As reported by Gambon, their conversation went like this:Olivier: ‘What are you going to do for me?’Gambon: ‘Richard the Third.’Olivier: ‘Is that so. Which part?’Gambon: ‘Richard the Third.’Olivier: ‘Yes, but which part?’Gambon: ‘Richard the Third.’Olivier: ‘Yes, I understand that, but which part?’Gambon: ‘Richard the Third.’Olivier: ‘But which character? Catesby? Ratcliffe? Buckingham’s a good part …’Gambon: ‘Oh I see, beg your pardon, no, Richard the Third.’Olivier: ‘What, the King? Richard?’Gambon: ‘ — the Third, yeah.’Olivier: “You’ve got a fucking cheek, haven’t you?’Gambon: ‘Beg your pardon?’Olivier: ‘Never mind, which part are you going to do?’Gambon: ‘Richard the Third.’Olivier: ‘Don’t start that again. Which speech?’Gambon: ‘Oh I see, beg your pardon, “Was every woman in this humour woo’d.”‘Olivier: ‘Right. Whenever you’re ready.’Gambon: ‘ “Was ever woman in this humour woo’d –” ‘Olivier: ‘Wait. Stop. You’re too close. Go further away. I need to see the whole shape, get the full perspective.’Gambon: ‘Oh I see, beg your pardon …’ Gambon continues, ‘So I go over to the far end of the room, Tone, thinking that I’ve already made an almighty tit of myself, so how do I save the day? Well I see this pillar and I decide to swing round it and start the speech with a sort of dramatic punch. But as I do this my ring catches on a screw and half my sodding hand gets left behind. I think to myself, “Now I mustn’t let this throw me since he’s already got me down as a bit of an arsehole”, so I plough on … “Was ever woman in this humour woo’d –”‘Olivier: ‘Wait. Stop. What’s the blood?’Gambon: ‘Nothing, nothing, just a little gash, I do beg your pardon …’A nurse had to be called and he suffered the indignity of being given first aid with the greatest actor in the world passing the bandages. At last it was done.Gambon: ‘Shall I start again?’Olivier: ‘No. I think I’ve got a fair idea how you’re going to do it. You’d better get along now. We’ll let you know.’Gambon went back to the engineering factory in Islington where he was working. At four that afternoon he was bent over his lathe, working as best as he could with a heavily bandaged hand, when he was called to the phone. It was the Old Vic.‘It’s not easy talking on the phone, Tone. One, there’s the noise of the machinery. Two, I have to keep my voice down ’cause I’m cockney at work and posh with theatre people. But they offer me a job, spear-carrying, starting immediately. I go back to my work-bench, heart beating in my chest, pack my tool-case, start to go. The foreman comes up, says, “Oy, where you off to?” “I’ve got bad news,” I say, “I’ve got to go.” He says, “Why are you taking your tool box?” I say, “I can’t tell you, it’s very bad news, might need it.” And I never went back there, Tone. Home on the bus, heart still thumping away. A whole new world ahead. We tend to forget what it felt like in the beginning.
Em Claire, Silent, Sacred, Holy, Deepening Heart|Like people touch the feet of Jesus on the Pieta and hope for a blessing, I would touch the feet of the dancer and hope for grace.
Bram Stoker, Dracula's Guest and Other Weird Stories|What is worse than doing evil, is being evil” (Ethics, p.67). To lie is wrong, but what is worse than the lie is the liar, for the liar contaminates everything he says, because everything he says is meant to further a cause that is false. The liar as liar has endorsed a world of falsehood and deception, and to focus only on the truth or falsity of his particular statements is to miss the danger of being caught up in his twisted world. This is why, as Bonhoeffer says, that “(i)t is worse for a liar to tell the truth than for a lover of truth to lie” (Ethics, p.67).
Murray N. Rothbard|When I argue with devout statists, sometimes other voluntaryists tell me that I'm wasting my time, opining that a particular statist is never going to "get it." I often respond by saying that that's rarely my intention. Most of the time, when I argue with statists, the goal is for ME to learn more about the mentality and psychology of authoritarian indoctrination, and to hopefully help any SPECTATORS--whether statist or anarchist--learn something from the exchange. (Both of those goals can be achieved even if the statist continues to be a lunk-headed dupe.) Earlier today, a funny but possibly profound analogy came to mind about this:When I argue with "true believer" devout statists, I'm not being a doctor trying to heal an ailing patient; I'm being a coroner, doing an AUTOPSY on a patient who is already beyond any hope of saving, in the hopes that I, and anyone observing, may learn more about the "disease" of statism, in order to better understand the nature of it, and possibly prevent others from experiencing a similar fate.
Renee Fredrickson, Repressed Memories: A Journey to Recovery from Sexual Abuse|Judy shook her head when she saw me the next day, dressed in the same clothes I had worn to work the day before. “We used to call that the walk of shame,” she said.
Mohammed Amjed Khan Abro|Not me,” you think.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|If you are looking for bad news ask new york times or CNN, if you are looking for good news ask me. I am an ambassador of good news.
Alphonse Karr|By the time we see that climate change is really bad, your ability to fix it is extremely limited... The carbon gets up there, but the heating effect is delayed. And then the effect of that heat on the species and ecosystem is delayed. That means that even when you turn virtuous, things are actually going to get worse for quite a while.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|In the future, eyeglasses see all directions simultaneously.To be able to use hemiscope, eyes and brain need to practice.
Tom Stoppard|We explore our environment, more than we are compelled to utter poetry, when we're toddlers. We start doing that later. Before that happens, every child is a scientist.
William Shenstone|When virtue is lost, benevolence appears, when benevolence is lost right conduct appears, when right conduct is lost, expedience appears. Expediency is the mere shadow of right and truth; it is the beginning of disorder.
Brandon Sanderson, The Way of Kings|Why is it you trust my daughter so much when others almost universally revile her?""I consider their disdain for her to be a recommendation," he said."She is a heretic.""She refused to join any of the devotaries because she did not believe in their teachings. Rather than compromise for the sake of appearances, she has been honest and has refused to make professions she does not believe. I find that a sign of honor.
Teresa Lo, The Other Side: a Collection of Short Stories|Relationships, like all human experiences, are transient; they change every day and are meant to be enjoyed in the present. When I hear people say you need to "work" at a relationship, what that often really means is just seeing through the day-to-day; listening to another person, listening to yourself, not getting stuck on hurts from the past, and not getting lost in what might come. To be in a relationship with someone you respect, care about and value is a gift, and when you take that in the day-to-day, you honor yourself and your partner each day. Eating is no different in that you can honor yourself at each meal. So much time in relationships is spent hashing the past, and arguing about things that haven't yet happened. A relationship cannot be "hoarded", just like a meal cannot be prolonged by taking home the leftovers.
Sarah Dessen, Just Listen|She knew I could tell with one glance, one look, one simple instant. It was her eyes. Despite the thick makeup, they were still dark-rimmed., haunted, and sad. Most of all though, they were familiar. The fact that we were in front of hundreds of strangers changed nothing at all. I'd spent a summer with those same eyes-scared, lost, confused-staring back at me. I would have known them anywhere.
