Sunday Adelaja|There is not only the present, but there is a future waiting for us as well
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|In some churches and religious television programs, we see an effort to make Christianity popular and always positive. This may be a comfortable cushion for those who find the hard facts too difficult.
Daphne du Maurier, Rebecca|You don’t fucking get it, do you, Sparks?” Out of sheer frustration, Ben thwacked the wall with his hand. Hard. So hard his palm stung. “I love you. I am so goddamned, madly in love with you, I can’t see straight.” Ben’s voice resonated through the offices, echoed in his own ears. “You’re the first thing I think about in the morning and the last thing I imagine before I fall asleep. I dream about you. Every single night. I live to see you, at the office, at home, anywhere. I just need to see your face. Hold your body. Touch your skin. I need you, Mel. More than I need air. You can’t walk away from me. You can’t love someone else.” He gulped in a breath and almost choked on the emotion clogging his throat, so when he spoke again his voice was scratchy, and much, much softer. “I screwed up. I made you choose. And I’m sorry. So desperately, pathetically sorry for that. But I can’t let you go. I can’t let him have you, because you’re mine. You were made for me, like I was made for you. We’re two peas in a pod, sweetness. We’re the same, you and I. We’re meant to be together.
Kenya Wright, Fire Baptized|And people think she killed him?" said Miss Tick. She sighed. "They probably think she cooked him in the oven, or somet
Anne Rice, The Feast of All Saints|Because if it's really true that there's no order, then anything can happen to us. Anything at all. There's no real natural law, no right and wrong that's immutable, and the world is suddenly a savage place where any number of things can go wrong.
Vladimir Nabokov|I think like a genius, I write like a distinguished author, and I speak like a child.
Saint Francis de Sales|We can't all be good at everything. This is partly the logic behind having a team in the first place, so each role can be filled with the person best suited for that role and together, every job and every strength is covered.
Elizabeth Berg, Dream When You're Feeling Blue|For all it's problems and difficulties, life is mostly a wonderful experience, and it is up to each person to make the most of each day. I hope you are successful in your life, but look to the heavens and the earth and especially to other people to find your real wealth. Wherever I am, wherever you go, know that my love goes with you.
Sofia Reyes|Giving up is just saying that ice cream shouldn't be ice cream because one person says it isn't ice cream, giving up is like saying that hot dogs are hot cats. Giving up is like saying burgers are nasty which they aren't. What I'm trying to say is giving up is not a pathway to success giving up is just an easier way to just fail in life, now that I'm done saying that I'm going to go get food.
Penelope Williamson, A Wild Yearning|If I am never to have you again after this night, this moment, you will remain the wife of my soul. Keeper of my heart.
Monica Ali, Brick Lane|The thing about getting older is that you don't need everything to be possible any more, you just need things to be certain.
Matthew Quick, Forgive Me, Leonard Peacock|The whole time I pretend I have mental telepathy. And with my mind only, I’ll say — or think? — to the target, 'Don’t do it. Don’t go to that job you hate. Do something you love today. Ride a rollercoaster. Swim in the ocean naked. Go to the airport and get on the next flight to anywhere just for the fun of it. Maybe stop a spinning globe with your finger and then plan a trip to that very spot; even if it’s in the middle of the ocean you can go by boat. Eat some type of ethnic food you’ve never evenheard of. Stop a stranger and ask her to explain her greatest fears and her secret hopes and aspirations in detail and then tell her you care because she is a human being. Sit down on the sidewalk and make pictures with colorful chalk. Close your eyes and try to see the world with your nose—allow smellsto be your vision. Catch up on your sleep. Call an old friend you haven’t seen in years. Roll up your pant legs and walk into the sea. See a foreign film. Feed squirrels. Do anything! Something! Because you start a revolution one decision at a time, with each breath you take. Just don’t go back to thatmiserable place you go every day. Show me it’s possible to be an adult and also be happy. Please. This is a free country. You don’t have to keep doing this if you don’t want to. You can do anything you want. Be anyone you want. That’s what they tell us at school, but if you keep getting on that train and going to the place you hate I’m going to start thinking the people at school are liars like the Nazis who told the Jews they were just being relocated to work factories. Don’t do that to us. Tell us the truth. If adulthood is working some death-camp job you hate for the rest of your life, divorcing your secretly criminal husband, being disappointed in your son, being stressed and miserable, and dating a poser and pretending he’s a hero when he’s really a lousy person and anyone can tell that just by shaking his slimy hand — if it doesn’t get any better, I need to know right now. Just tell me. Spare me from some awful fucking fate. Please.
Rebecca McNutt, Smog City|I’ve seen a lot of stuff… maybe I’ve seen too much. I see most humans in a bad light because I’ve seen what they can do, how evil they can be… I’ve seen the Holocaust and I’ve seen Jonestown, I’ve seen the Vietnam War and I’ve seen Hiroshima… I’ve seen the Chernobyl disaster… I’ve seen the World Trade Center attack… I’ve been alive too long, over a hundred years is a long time to be alive,” Alecto sighed, staring at the cigarette he was holding.
Michelle Goncalves|I like to think that love is like a rose. A rose that is beginning to sprout is like a person feeling love for the first time. It will grow in time as the couples interact and along the way, they may hurt themselves by the thorns of pain and misunderstanding. But it is all worth it to see the rose in full bloom as the two share their true love.What happens after that is unknown. The rose may last forever and create others, or it may wither away and start anew.
John Steinbeck|Today we affirm a new commitment to live out our nation's promise through civility, courage, compassion and character.
Mekael Shane|Why try to fit yourself into that same, tired mold when you could become something better?""Because it's safe," he said. "Don't we all want to feel safe?"Linley shrugged. "Not always. Sometimes I like to push the boundaries. I like seeing what I'm truly capable of."The both ducked down to miss a long, overhanging branch that skimmed across the jungle path. "But you could get hurt," Patrick said. "You could get yourself killed.""Isn't death the one risk of really living?
Arthur Hugh Clough, Say not the Struggle Naught Availeth|When the time has come, every leaf turns to face the sun!
Nikolai Maklakov|Lots of people wrote to the magazine to say that Marilyn vos Savant was wrong, even when she explained very carefully why she was right. Of the letters she got about the problem, 92% said that she was wrong and lots of these were from mathematicians and scientists. Here are some of the things they said: 'I'm very concerned with the general public's lack of mathematical skills. Please help by confessing your error.' -Robert Sachs, Ph.D., George Mason University ... 'I am sure you will receive many letters from high school and college students. Perhaps you should keep a few addresses for future columns.' -W. Robert Smith, Ph.D., Georgia State University... 'If all those Ph.D.'s were wrong, the country would be in very serious trouble.' -Everett Harman, Ph.D., U.S. Army Research Institute
|Hard times only call for you to get tougher and push harder, but definitely not to get discouraged and give up on yourself. Life is about growing, and without going through some challenges, struggles and obstacles, you would never know how strong you truly are.
Venus Williams|If you're inclined to dismiss L.A. as a place of unrelenting vapidity and generic 1980s architecture, then you're doing yourself and L.A. a huge disservice, and you're just not looking hard enough.
Freeman Thomas|I feel like if you're a really good human being, you can try to find something beautiful in every single person, no matter what.
Welch Everman|If I program ’ware with an Anglo-Ubiq word and play it, you understand it,” Scile said. “If I do the same with a word in Language, and play it to an Ariekes, I understand it, but to them it means nothing, because it’s only sound, and that’s not where the meaning lives. It needs a mind behind it.
Nick Hornby, About a Boy|Must the citizen ever for a moment, or in the least degree, resigns his conscience to the legislator? Why has every man a conscience then? I think that we should be men first, and subjects afterward.
Ayaan Hirsi Ali, Nomad: From Islam to America: A Personal Journey Through the Clash of Civilizations|With my veil I put my faith on display—rather than my beauty. My value as a human is defined by my relationship with God, not by my looks. I cover the irrelevant. And when you look at me, you don’t see a body. You view me only for what I am: a servant of my Creator.You see, as a Muslim woman, I’ve been liberated from a silent kind of bondage. I don’t answer to the slaves of God on earth. I answer to their King.
Nova Ren Suma|The point is, every book we had could save us in a different way -- only, we had to open it. We had to drop our eyes to the page and drink in the words that were there.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|It is also a warning. It is a warning that, if nobody reads the writing on the wall, man will be reduced to the state of the beast, whom he is shaming by his manners.
Debasish Mridha|Even if your pockets are empty, never forget to fill your heart with love.
Rochelle Carr|Adventure lies not in the places we seek, but in the moments we create in the places we treasure.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Humanity wants comfort in its sorrow, light in its darkness, peace in its turmoil, rest in its weariness, and healing in its sickness and diseases: The Gospel gives all of this to us.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|There's magic in that. It's in the listener, and for each and every ear it will be different, and it will affect them in ways they can never predict. From the mundane to the profound. You may tell a tale that takes up residence in someone's soul, becomes their blood and self and purpose. That tale will move them and drive them and who knows what they might do because of it, because of your words. That is your role, your gift.
Colin Wilson, Mysteries|Fate never promises to tell you everything up front. You aren't always shown the path in life you're supposed to take. But sometimes when you're really lucky, you meet someone with a map.
Anna Deavere Smith, Letters to a Young Artist|And He knew him, imagine, To be known, spoken of, By the creator of everything That rule from above.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|Be the moon in somebody's night. Be the yusr (ease), in somebody's usr (hardship).
James Arlen Dennis|Folks double my age and older often run down a conversation tracking a vanishing world that will, with the passing of their memory, vanish entirely.
Walter Isaacson, Steve Jobs|It necessarily follows that chance alone is at the source of every innovation, and of all creation in the biosphere. Pure chance, absolutely free but blind, at the very root of the stupendous edifice of evolution: this central concept of modern biology is no longer one among many other possible or even conceivable hypotheses. It is today the sole conceivable hypothesis, the only one that squares with observed and tested fact. And nothing warrants the supposition - or the hope - that on this score our position is ever likely to be revised. There is no scientific concept, in any of the sciences, more destructive of anthropocentrism than this one.
Ursula K. Le Guin, Always Coming Home|You are to me,what wind is to dry leaves.The reason for me to fall,the reason for me to fly.
Marian Keyes, Watermelon|As they say in New York, Get over it and, if you can't get over it, Get over talking about it.
Spike Milligan, Adolf Hitler: My Part in His Downfall|Some people live a nothing life: the most important thing they ever do is die. Thank God for eccentrics! Take Gunner Octavian Neat. He would suddenly appear naked in a barrack room and say, “Does anybody know a good tailor?”, or “Gentlemen – I think there’s a thief in the battery.” He was the bane of the Regiment.
Eric Samuel Timm, Static Jedi: The Art of Hearing God Through the Noise|The more I read, the more I felt the Bible looked a lot more like the movie 300 than the movie Pleasantville.
Daniel Pinchbeck|The drive to Black Rock City from San Francisco leads through the Nevada flatlands, past the jittering neon sadness of Reno.
Germaine Greer, The Female Eunuch|The housewife is an unpaid worker in her husband's house in return for the security of being a permanent employee: hers is the reductio ad absurdum of the employee who accepts a lower wage in return for permanence of his employment. But the lowest paid employees can be and are laid off, and so are wives. They have no savings, no skills which they can bargain with elsewhere, and they must bear the stigma of having been sacked.
Michael Prager, Fat Boy Thin Man|Crazy. It was the same word María and Tía Rosa flung at Grandpa Lázaro. The same word anyone said when they didn't understand something. "Crazy" was a way to shut people up, disregard them entirely.
Mark Haddon, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time|Every day you face two important decisions: what effect you want your speech and actions to have on the world around you, and what impressions and vibrations you want to be receptive to.
Gift Gugu Mona|No matter what happens, even if the stars fall, I will live.
Stephanie Laurens, The Truth About Love|Love wasn't a happening one decided on---to indulge or not, to partake or not. To feel or not. When it came, when it struck, the only decision left to make was how to respond---whether you embraced it, took it in, and made it a part of you, or whether you turned your back and let it die.
Joe Greene|Follow your intuition, listening to your dreams, your inner voice to guide you.
Michael Koryta, Rise the Dark|He stood at the edge of town feeling very small, powerless. Night in the mountains could do that to you, reminding you of your place in the world and laughing at any sense of self-importance.
Libba Bray, The Sweet Far Thing|One day, as Sarita tended to the wash, Gemma played in the garden. She was a knight, you see, with a sword fashioned out of wood. Most formidable, she was, though I didn't quite know how formidable. As I sat in my study, I heard screaming from outside. I ran to see what the commotion was. Sarita called to me, wide-eyed with fear, "Oh, Mr. Doyle, look- over there!" The tiger had entered the garden and was making his way toward where our Gemma frolicked with her wooden sword. Beside me, our house servant, Raj, drew his blade so stealthily it seemed to simply appear in his hand by magic. But Sarita stayed his hand. "If you run for him with your life, you will provoke the tiger," she advised. "We must wait."...I must tell you that it was the longest moment of my life. No one dared move. No one dared draw a breath. And all the while, Gemma played on, taking no notice until the great cat was upon her. She stood and faced him. They stared at one another as if each wondered what to make of the other, as if they sensed a kindred spirit. At last, Gemma placed her sword upon the ground. "Dear tiger," she said. "You may pass if you are peaceful." The tiger looked at the sword and back at Gemma, and without a sound, it passed on, dissappearing into the jungle."..."The tiger had gone. He did not come around a gain. But I was a man possessed. The tiger had come too close, you see. I no longer felt safe. I hired the best tracker in Bombay. We hunted for days, tracking the tiger to the mountains there. We found him taking water from a small watering hole. He looked up but he did not charge. He took no notice of us at all but continued to drink. "Sahib, let us go," the boy said. "This tiger means you no harm." He was right, of course. But we had come all that way. The gun was in my hand. The tiger was before us. I took aim and shot it dead on the spot. I sold the tiger's skin for a fortune to a man in Bombay, and he called me brave for it. But it was not courage that brought me to that; it was fear..."But you," he says, smiling with a mix of sadness and pride, "you faced the tiger and survived."..."The time has come for me to face my tiger, to look him in the eye and see which of us survives." - Mr. Doyle
Deidre Huesmann, First Spell: Book 1 of the Bayou Witches|She swung around, her hair flying about her like wildfire. Fire. The fireplace.She reached in with all the power Todd had taught her ti exercise and grasped as much as she could. She imagined gasoline spilling onto the logs, leaving trails of burning kerosene around the room. In her mind bright orange and red exploded in dazzling sparks. The oxygen seemed to thicken and swell around her.Then the entire room was alight with flame.
Søren Kierkegaard|How absurd men are! They never use the liberties they have, they demand those they do not have. They have freedom of thought, they demand freedom of speech.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|I had rather be a meteor, single, alone.'Plus Paris itself was noisome. Even with its glittering bridges and orangeries, even if the birthplace of ballet.'I had rather been a meteor, than a star in a crowd.
Nick Bantock|I've started to hate this city, this country, all these STUPID FUCKING PEOPLE.
Seneca|Friction is necessary. Ease of life leads to complacency and the atrophy of the human will and spirit. Within our struggles lives our strength, within our trials lives our triumphs. Friction creates a platform for change, generates heat and or fervor and creates a motivational charge that gives us an opportunity to be better. A gem cannot be polished without friction and so neither a person without hardships. Friction within and friction without sharpens our senses and revives our internal resolutions. Friction is uncomfortable, hardships are distressing but both are necessary. We cannot light a match without friction nor can we hone steal. Uncomfortable as it may be, our adversity ultimately lights a fire and sharpens our very will to flourish. Today, let us not be discouraged, let us not be bitter in our suffering rather let us be encouraged as we look to our trials as a medium that will eventually make us better.
Harrish Sairaman|We just move from one addiction to the other, choose your addiction!
Mehmet Murat ildan|Too much work will create too much motivation for the strong, and a big collapse for the weak! Strength gets great strength from the challenges!
Debasish Mridha|If your heart has no peace, then the value of your life is nothing.
J. Aaron Gruben, King: A Christian's Call to Imitate Christ's Kingship|If you'll follow Christ's commands, you'll follow Christ straight to your calling and you'll have developed the strength, grit, and stability along the way to handle it.
Horatius Bonar, Everlasting Righteousness|We are forgiven, that we may be like Him who forgives us.
Avina Celeste|This time will never come again in your life. Enjoy every moment, right now, before the time is gone.
Thich Nhat Hanh, The Art of Power|Don't let fear cripple you and keep you from trying new things, changing things, exploring and living a life of adventure. Be courageous, be brave. A whole life is out there just waiting to be lived. Don't wait until it is too late. Seize the opportunity and seize the day. Don't allow yourself to get caught in regret by limiting yourself and your life. Life passes by very quickly. Make the most of every day!
John B. Tabb|One can follow the sun, of course, but I have always thought that it is best to know some winter, too, so that the summer, when it arrives, is the more gratefully received.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|Time and again, I've met or read about people who succeeded against all kinds of odds because they had passion. You're passion away to win!
Santosh Kalwar|the chase for more, and the need to be recognised through our achievements and belongings, can hinder us from the real things, like time with those we love, time doing things we love ourselves, and balance. It’s probably all about balance really, isn’t it?
Seanan McGuire, Once Broken Faith|Extinguish even the wee annoyance, as it will grow to become evil!
G.G. Collins, Lemurian Medium|I’m a reporter,” Rachel said. “I write about the arts, festivals, new projects in the city. What I’m not is some kind of psychic astral traveler! How did I get here? Planning a trip to another dimension?
George Bernard Shaw|Be happy with what you have and are, be generous with both, and you won't have to hunt for happiness.
MR.Smith|If you remain in a positive spiral, you will always learn something new to reach your goals.
SL Buckley|But the most wonderful thing of all, our highest achievement and the one thing for which I pray we will always be remembered, is stuffing wads of polyester into an anatomically incorrect, cartoonish ideal of one of nature's most fearsome predators for no other reason than to soothe a child.
Charlotte Symonds, What The Heart Can Hold|The music grew louder, faster, as we saw an empty couch on the balcony and ran to get it, pushed aside another couple darting for the same thing, but it was ours, and we smiled wide, laughing at our fortune, our couch.
Paul Tobin, I Was the Cat|The new world will be a place of answers and no questions, because the only questions left will be answered by computers, because only computers will know what to ask
Milo Yiannopoulos|I get asked, 'Who would you really like to work with?' I'm already working with them. Smart, talented, funny people, good musicians, an extended family, good friends.
William Dampier|If I'm on location on some island, we usually get up at four in the morning to set up. By seven thirty, we're on the beach working until noon, then we rest. It's not exactly a vacation.
Paul  Collins, Sixpence House: Lost in a Town of Books|It really is an APPALLING thing to think of the people who have no books...It is only by books that most men and women can lift themselves above the sordidness of life. No books! Yet for the greater part of humanity that is the common lot. We may, in fact, divide our fellow-creatures into two branches - those who read books and those who do not.
Jeff Erno, We Danced|I remembered Ignifex's smirk and his confident words: I can wait all I want and still have you.  And I thought, Here is one thing he isn't getting. Standing on my toes, I kissed Shade on the lips.  It was just a bump of my face against his. Despite Aunt Telomache's lecture, I had no idea how long to prolong a kiss, and his lips startled me, foreign and cool as glass. But then he caught me under the chin and gently kissed my mouth open. Though his lips were still cool, his breath was warm; as he kissed me. I breathed in time to him, until I felt like my body was only a breath of air mixing with his.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|The brain says “it is impossible” and the legs respond “let’s sit down”. The brain says “it is possible” and the legs respond “let’s go to work”. Don’t blame the legs, blame the head.
Iris Murdoch, An Unofficial Rose|One forgot, one forgot. What hold had one on the past? The present moment was a little travelling in darkness.
wildan faris afif|When i dream, i see the Hope. When i see the Hope, i am the dream.
Mary Kate|Without Scripture, our words would be without meaning!
Sanober  Khan, A touch, a tear, a tempest|I breathe in...the fragranceof love, and moist sandthe onehis roses lefton both my handsI just keep on breathingevery momentas much as I canpreserving it, in my bodyfor the dayit can’t.
Claire Betita de Guzman, Girl Meets World|You are so hot,” I said.“How hot?” she asked, toying with the hem of the shirt.“Ionising radiation hot,” I said. “Neutral pion decay hot.”Elena snorted. “You’re such a romantic,” she said.
Saul Bellow, Herzog|But then why shouldn't he write the dead? He lived with them as much as with the living - perhaps more; and besides, his letters to the living were increasingly mental, and anyway, to the Unconscious, what was death? Dreams did not recognize it.
Catherynne M. Valente, Radiance|Welcome to the American sector! Feast your eyes on glorious Pluto, her wild frontier, her high standard of living, her rugged, hardworking citizens, her purple mountains majesty! Ride the mighty buffalo! Marvel at the bustling industry of the great cities of Jizo and Ascalaphus! Climb the peaks of Mt. Orcus and Mt. Chernobog!
Jodi Picoult, Salem Falls|if i'm going to fuck up my life, does it really matter which way i do it?.
Jodi Picoult, Handle with Care|Have you ever been going somewhere with a crowd and you're certain it's the wrong road and you tell them, but they won't listen, so you just have to plod along in what you know is the wrong direction till somebody more important gets the same idea?
Rodney King|But reason always cuts a poor figure beside sentiment; the one being essentially restricted, like everything that is positive, while the other is infinite.
Dinesh Kumar Radhakrishnan|And so people ask God for signs and wonders. Yet when signs are given and wonders are performed, most can't even see them! I therefore believe that it's not signs people should be asking God for; but you should be asking God for Sight!
Zadie Smith|Boys are just boys after all, but sometimes girls really seem to be the turn of a pale wrist, or the sudden jut of a hip, or a clutch of very dark hair falling across a freckled forehead. I'm not saying that's what they really are. I'm just saying sometimes it seems that way, and that those details (a thigh mole, a full face flush, a scar the precise shape and size of a cashew nut) are so many hooks waiting to land you.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Happiness is a simple game of lost and found: Lose the things you take for granted, and you will feel great happiness once they are found.
Celia Imrie|In the early days of aviation, there was a great deal of experimentation and a high death rate.
Inio Asano, おやすみプンプン 1|My face, body, lifestyle, I chose every aspect of myself with my own will. I don´t want to be ordered around by anyone anymore, and I have no need for a past. I´ve got dreams to fulfill, money to earn, love to find and success do achieve. They may be foolishly simplistic desire for some, but to me, working towards them bit by bit is how I build my confidence.
Toni Morrison|Birth, life, and death― each took place on the hidden side of a leaf.
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|There’s no getting better, Storm. This is it.” There’s no coming back from the dead.
Harper Lee|I'm interested in the fact that the less secure a man is, the more likely he is to have extreme prejudice.
Nalini Singh, Lord of the Abyss|Please, please be some sex-starved nutcase who wants to kidnap me and make me your love slave, I begged silently.
John Corey Whaley|Maybe my time's running out, but at least I'm living. And if that's what it is for you, being here inside where nothing ever happens, where you think you're safe, then stay. Stay right here and you let me know how that works for you.Bacause I'm gessing it'll never be enough.
Robert Jordan, Crossroads of Twilight|Sometimes, pain is all that lets you know you're alive.
Dina Kucera, Everything I Never Wanted to Be|I think that it is a great tragedy that a child can lose their mother, father, sister or brother, because you and I made a decision that getting loaded was more important than they are.
Madeleine L'Engle|Lords of spirit, Lords of breath,Lords of fireflies, stars, and light,Who will keep the world from death?Who will stop the coming night?Blue eyes, blue eyes, have the sight.
Simon Gray, Otherwise Engaged|Philosophers have a long tradition of marrying stupid women, from Socrates on. They think it clever.
Andy Stanley, Enemies of the Heart: Breaking Free from the Four Emotions That Control You|Someday you'll understand. You'll have your own children, and they'll mean more to you than the world. A wife has to defend her children, even against her own husband. Not that I expect you to be easily cowed. But sometimes, despite all you say and do, your husband won't be dissuaded from folly. When that happens, as a mother you have to close ranks. Your first responsibility is to your children. To salvage what you can. Even if they hate you for it.
Harry G. Frankfurt, On Bullshit|Selling is true fun and the pleasure of selling enjoyed only when someone buys it...Selling and buying are like husband and wife, someone has to sell for someone to buy and vice-versa....Even if both are interesting, sometimes it is closely associated with needs and choice
Debasish Mridha|To be in peace, grow calmness and compassion in your heart.
Rob Liano|If you don't know what you want, you'll never find it.If you don't know what you deserve, you'll always settle for less.You will wander aimlessly, uncomfortably numb in your comfort zone, wondering how life has ended up here.Life starts now, live, love, laugh and let your light shine!
Beth Ditto|We won a contest at the teen fair in Vancouver and the first prize was a recording contract and we recorded at a radio station on the stairway, and we did a record and it got put out.
Alexander Pope|For he lives twice who can at once employ,The present well, and e’en the past enjoy.
Fareed Zakaria|Nothing matters but the facts. Without them, the science of criminal investigation is nothing more than a guessing game.
Peter Singer, Practical Ethics|Pigeons flew in diminishing waves between the low buildings. The sun rose. It said, Now that you've done this, you can never have that. Now that I'm like this, I can never go back.
Rick Warren|The Florida Supreme Court wanted all the legal votes to be counted. The United States Supreme Court, on the other hand, did not want all the votes to be counted.
Brennan Manning|So, if I give any credit, besides giving all credit to God, for being totally healthy, it's just my workout and how much torture I put my body through in the offseason.
John Milton|Freely we serveBecause we freely love, as in our willTo love or not; in this we stand or fall.
Mary Oliver|It is better for the heart to break, than not to break.
Gary Vaynerchuk, Crush It!: Why Now Is the Time to Cash In on Your Passion|You may not have connections, or an education, or wealth, but with enough passion and sweat, you can make anything happen.
David Brier, The Lucky Brand|One can always sell something by offering the lowest price. But this does not create loyalty to your brand. Never did and never will. It only creates “loyalty” to that price point. As soon as your guest or visitor is offered a better price, he or she will jump ship, leaving you like a scorned lover in the middle of the night.
Dorothy L. Sayers, The Unpleasantness at the Bellona Club|Books... are like lobster shells, we surround ourselves with 'em, then we grow out of 'em and leave 'em behind, as evidence of our earlier stages of development.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|If every day you were to walk past the same individual and ignore him, never smiling or saying hello or returning any kind gesture he extended toward you, would you expect that same individual to readily respond if suddenly you were to implore his helping hand? Then don’t ignore God. Say ‘hello’ now and then.
Pablo Neruda|If suddenly you do not exist,if suddenly you no longer live,I shall live on.I do not dare,I do not dare to write it,if you die.I shall live on.For where a man has no voice,there, my voice.Where blacks are beaten,I cannot be dead.When my brothers go to prisonI shall go with them.When victory,not my victory,but the great victory comes,even though I am mute I must speak;I shall see it come even though I am blind.No, forgive me.If you no longer live,if you, beloved, my love,if you have died,all the leaves will fall in my breast,it will rain on my soul night and day,the snow will burn my heart,I shall walk with frost and fire and death and snow,my feet will want to walk to where you are sleeping, butI shall stay alive,because above all things you wanted me indomitable,and, my love, because you know that I am not only a manbut all mankind.
Iraniya Naynesh|Pleasure from the senses seems like nectar at first, but it is bitter as poison in the end.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Since the Bible is God’s Word, we shouldn’t be surprised if Satan tries to convince us otherwise.
JohnA Passaro|If a fairy makes a wish to leave the fairy cave, she must return to the cave every year and always on her birthday to live as a tiny fairy on that day. If she fails to obey the Fairy Queen’s Rules, she’ll turn to fairy dust, forever.
Visar Zhiti, The Condemned Apple: Selected Poetry|IN OUR CELLSThey keep us in our cellsFor a long time...And, if we get out,We lug them with us on our shoulders,Like a porter with a chest of goods.
Paula McLain, The Paris Wife|Here comes Mamma Vauquerr, fair as a starrr; and strung up like a bunch of carrots. Aren't we suffocating ourselves a wee bit?' he asked, placing a hand on the top of her corset. 'A bit of a crush in the vestibule, here, Mamma! If we start crying, there'll be an explosion. Never mind, I'll be there to collect the bits--just like an antiquary.''Now, there's the language of true French gallantry,' murmured Madame Vauquer in an aside to Madame Couture.
Eleanor Roosevelt|You may not control all the events that happen to you, but you can decide not to be reduced by them.
Julie Kagawa, The Immortal Rules|I recognized it instantly. It was a made-up story, a fantasy, the tale of four kids who went through a magic wardrobe and found themselves in a strange new world. I'd read it more times than I could remember, and although I sneered at the thought of a magical land with friendly, talking animals, there were times when I wished, in my most secret moments, that I could find a hidden door that would take us allout of this place.
Megan Shepherd, The Madman’s Daughter|Her lips are like strawberries which tickels my taste buds everytime, making me to kiss her red lips everytime.
Donovan L. Graham|While teachers often complain that their students seem to do very little thinking, teachers who simply follow the manual should understand that they are actually contributing to the problem. Students seldom learn to think under the tutelage of teachers who do not think either.
Andy Williams|We had a booming stock market in 1929 and then went into the world's greatest depression. We have a booming stock market in 1999. Will the bubble somehow burst, and then we enter depression? Well, some things are not different.
Eli Pariser, The Filter Bubble: What the Internet is Hiding From You|One has to understand that equality ends up by infiltrating the world of politics as it does everywhere else. It would be impossible to imagine men forever unequal in one respect, yet equal in others; they must, in the end, come to be equal in all.Now, I am aware of only two means of establishing equality in the world of politics: rights have to be granted to every citizen or to none.
Ashlecka Aumrivani|we exceeded expectations just by turning up for the exams." - George Weasly
Annie Proulx, Barkskins|Anger suffocates your mind, body and soul. The ability to love amidst anger is a true blessing and it transcends our existence!
Robert G. Ingersoll, The Works of Robert G. Ingersoll, Vol. IV|Religion can never reform mankind because religion is slavery. It is far better to be free, to leave the forts and barricades of fear, to stand erect and face the future with a smile. It is far better to give yourself sometimes to negligence, to drift with wave and tide, with the blind force of the world, to think and dream, to forget the chains and limitations of the breathing life, to forget purpose and object, to lounge in the picture gallery of the brain, to feel once more the clasps and kisses of the past, to bring life's morning back, to see again the forms and faces of the dead, to paint fair pictures for the coming years, to forget all Gods, their promises and threats, to feel within your veins life's joyous stream and hear the martial music, the rhythmic beating of your fearless heart. And then to rouse yourself to do all useful things, to reach with thought and deed the ideal in your brain, to give your fancies wing, that they, like chemist bees, may find art's nectar in the weeds of common things, to look with trained and steady eyes for facts, to find the subtle threads that join the distant with the now, to increase knowledge, to take burdens from the weak, to develop the brain, to defend the right, to make a palace for the soul. This is real religion. This is real worship
A. Ashley Straker, Connected Infection|The attack came without warning, in the pre-dawn stillness on the day they were due to leave. A series of solid concussions shook the walls and sent Simon scrambling from his bunk. Max thrust a handgun at him, which he immediately fumbled and dropped.
Katie Bayerl, A Psalm for Lost Girls|I'll walk as fast as I want, and I will take breaks whenever I feel like it. There is no one to follow, no one to keep up with. There's just me and this one beautiful day, this one moment, right here, now.
Samantha Irby, We Are Never Meeting In Real Life|But I was 22 when I started this job, and you know what? Sometimes it really is okay to just have a fucking job. Not a passion, not a career, but a steadfast source of bi-weekly income deposited directly into a checking account from which food, and medicine, and apps one totally forgot about having downloaded will be paid for.
Alice Walker, The Color Purple|We think, therefore we should make everyone think what we think.
Donald Rumsfeld|I was a surf bum wannabe. I left home at age 17 and moved to Southern California to try to take up surfing as a vocation, but this was in 1964, and there was this nasty little thing called the Vietnam War. As a result, I got drafted.
Ilana Waters, The Adventures of Stanley Delacourt|The brave man carves out his fortune, and every man is the sum of his own works.
Stefan Molyneux|When people communicate deceit, it's called politics. When people communicate honesty, it's called art.
Amanda Hocking, Wisdom|If Peter Pan had been real, he would've gone mad and killed everyone in Neverland.
Alice Hoffman, Faithful|A monster, some called her. But in the shadows, only said in whispers, she was an angel in red.
Emily Arden, Lie to me: Deception: Book Two|She’d been feeling pleased with a couple of moves, had thought she was gaining the upper hand. But she’d been overconfident. She’d failed to notice his stealthy approach until he turned the tables on her with a move she hadn’t expected and now she was fighting for her life.
Staci A. Welch-Bartley|When things are falling apart, know they are actually falling into place.
Mumia Abu-Jamal|...Again she did not seem to hear, still looking into Cale’s eyes. Then slowly, hopelessly, she dropped her gaze. “I understand,” she said. It was that, of course, that pierced him as if she had stabbed him through the heart. To him it was the sound of lost faith and it was unendurable. He felt he’d become a kind of god in her eyes, and it was simply impossible to give up her adoration.
David Wroblewski, The Story of Edgar Sawtelle|Just when normal life felt almost possible - when the world held some kind of order, meaning, even loveliness (the prismatic spray of light through an icicle; the stillness of a sunrise), some small thing would go awry and the veil of optimism was torn away, the barren world revealed. They learned, somehow, to wait those times out. There was no cure, no answer, no reparation.
Friedrich Nietzsche|To leave is to suffer,to survive is to find some meaning in the suffering.
Gwenn Wright, The BlueStocking Girl|Oil and Water, Daddy calls us. At four years younger than me, Katie is only fourteen and she already has half the boys in town eating from her pretty little hand. She tells me I am too tall and too wicked looking to capture the heart of any sensible young man.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|To look upon that landscape in the early morning, with the sun at your back, is to lose the sense of proportion.
Nikki Grimes, One Last Word: Wisdom from the Harlem Renaissance|Son, don't mind what's missing. Count allthat's free: friendship, laughter, all thelove your heart can carry, and time -- count time.
James Crumley, The Last Good Kiss|There was an old belief that in the embersOf all things their primordial form exists, And cunning alchemistsCould re-create the rose with all its membersFrom its own ashes, but without the bloom, Without the lost perfume Ah me! what wonder-working, occult scienceCan from the ashes in our hearts once more The rose of youth restore?What craft of alchemy can bid defianceTo time and change, and for a single hour Renew this phantom-flower?
Hélène Cixous, The Laugh of the Medusa|Men have committed the greatest crime against women. Insidiously, violently, they have led them to hate women, to be their own enemies, to mobilize their immense strength against themselves, to be the executants of their virile needs.
Ernest Riveras Tobia|If you want to be the best, be the best, if you are not the best, pretend you are
Jessi Klein|If you had asked me when I was 28 and in my wedding dress if I ever thought I would end up in my forties flipping my husband the bird over potato chips, I'd say you were crazy.
Nevada Barr, The Rope|Part of her soul ... gloried in the sheer bodacious unnaturalness of it. Putting a great blue-green water park smack down in the red desert complete with cactus, trading posts, genuine Navajo Indians, and five kinds of rattlesnakes was theater of the absurd at its most outrageous.
Niccolò Machiavelli|These opportunities, then, gave these men the chance they needed, and their great abilities made them recognize it.
Alain Yaovi M. Dagba, Secrets To Divine Manifestations|Our ultimate purpose in life lies in selfless service to others. Selflessly giving of ourselves to our spouses, our children, our friends, our community, our employers and or our customers unlocks a treasure chest of priceless gifts for both the recipient and you. Let's go the extra mile, in all we do, this week and see what riches we can discover. ~Jason Versey
Jeanette Winterson, Gut Symmetries|My grandmother whispering to herself, over and over, "David is in heaven now, David is in heaven now,' my mind repeating Schrodinger's Cat, Schrodinger's Cat.
Anna Godbersen|That, my dear, is what makes a character interesting, their secrets.
Rebecca West, The Return of the Soldier|Indeed, grief is not the clear melancholy the young believe it. It is like a siege in a tropical city. The skin dries and the throat parches as though one were living in the heat of the desert; water and wine taste warm in the mouth, and food is of the substance of the sand; one snarls at one's company; thoughts prick one through sleep like mosquitoes.
Logan Keys|Aspirations are useless, because to aspire, is to reach. Dream, they say, but not too big. Laugh, they say, but not too loudly. Love, they say, but not too hard.
George Bernard Shaw, Back to Methuselah|When a thing is funny, search it carefully for a hidden truth.
Christopher Langan|There is nothing to be gained by pretending that academic involvement is necessary, or even always desirable, in the quest for truth and knowledge.
Sunday Adelaja|You need to maximize your Gods given potential through the power of your spirit, your inner core, your values and principles on which your life is based
Otsuichi, Goth|I finally find a girl I could really be with, maybe the only girl in the world, and I had what? Two months with her? It's not enough. After everything she went through - everything I went through - we deserve more than that. Or maybe we don't. Anyway, life doesn't work like that. It doesn't care about fair and unfair.
Josh Groban|Fly me up to where you are beyond the distant star. I wish upon tonight to see you smile, if only for a while to know you're there. A breath away's not far to where you are.
Sheryl Swoopes|Sports betting is all about money management, so the most money won on one event is not the most important thing.
Savo Heleta, Not My Turn to Die: Memoirs of a Broken Childhood in Bosnia|My mom and dad refused to believe that people who had grown up together in peace and friendship, had gone to the same schools, spoken the same language, and listened to the same music, could overnight be blinded by ethnic hatred and start to brutally kill one another. They simply didn't accept as true that less than two years of a multiparty system and competition for power could poison people's brains so much.
Aamir Khan|The important thing is to learn a lesson every time you lose. Life is a learning process and you have to try to learn what's best for you. Let me tell you, life is not fun when you're banging your head against a brick wall all the time.
Andy Warhol|Cinema is an art form that is designed to go across borders. And as a filmmaker, the only way I can direct a movie is when I feel close to my culture.
Wynne McLaughlin, The Bone Feud|Human half-truth logic, dates back to Adam and Eve, when he tried to deceive God with a truth, 'we knew we were naked so we hid', leaving God to understand that something was wrong with Adam's logic, because if Adam knew THE TRUTH, he would know that you can't hide from God.
Thomas Piketty, Capital in the Twenty-First Century|Our democratic societies rest on a meritocratic worldview, or at any rate a meritocratic hope, by which I mean a belief in a society in which inequality is based more on merit and effort than on kinship and rents. This belief and this hope play a very crucial role in modern society, for a simple reason: in a democracy, the professed equality of rights of all citizens contrasts sharply with the very real inequality of living conditions, and in order to overcome this contradiction it is vital to make sure that social inequalities derive from rational and universal principles rather than arbitrary contingencies. Inequalities must therefore be just and useful to all, at least in the realm of discourse and as far as possible in reality as well.
Nathan Yocum|The only way to see everything, my dear, is to see it absolutely.
David Levithan, The Lover's Dictionary|The wind has shifted to the East. A storm isn't far off. I can smell the moisture in the air, a fetid, living thing. Isolated drops fall, licking at my hands, my face, my dress. The quests squawk in surprise, turn their palms up to the sky as if questioning it, and dash for cover.
David Sainsbury, Baron Sainsbury of Turville|I think my demise has been prematurely reported. That's what I think. I think I'm going take this and make medical history, and I really believe that.
Violet Cross, Survivors: Secrets|My sister and I both survived the apocalypse. But that day was only the beginning of our struggles.Three years later, and this is where I ended up, alone, bound and awaiting my surely unpleasant fate.And man, how I wished they'd just get on with it.
Dragotel Viorica|You look into it , the object flies off into air , your reasons evaporate , the criminal is not to be found , the wrong becomes not a wrong but a phantom , something like the toothache , for which no one is to blame , and consequently there is only the same outlet left again — that is , to beat the wall as hard as you can . So you give it up with a wave of the hand because you have not found a fundamental cause . And try letting yourself be carried away by your feelings , blindly , without reflection , without a primary cause , repelling consciousness at least for a time ; hate or love , if only not to sit with your hands folded . The day after tomorrow , at the latest , you will begin despising yourself for having knowingly deceived yourself . Result : a soap - bubble and inertia . Oh , gentlemen , do you know , perhaps I consider myself an intelligent man , only because all my life I have been able neither to begin nor to finish anything .
H.W. Brands, American Colossus: The Triumph of Capitalism, 1865-1900|She noticed, as an exceptional woman would, that her stepson was exceptional.
Sunday Adelaja|When value systems are embraced by a nation, when the citizens of a country are truly rich in virtues, then material wealth is a matter of time. Moreover, these material wealth don’t just come and go, they come to stay as long as the virtues remain in the fabric of the nation
Peter Sotos|Pornography won’t be enough. Because it never is. Sooner or later, all niggers want to touch the real thing. All dogs want to smell and taste the true information. All artists want to make their fantasies reality. And everyone with a cock wants to use it to fall in love.
Barbara W. Tuchman, A Distant Mirror:  The Calamitous 14th Century|Vainglory, however, no matter how much medieval Christianity insisted it was a sin, is a motor of mankind, no more eradicable than sex.
Ayn Rand, The Romantic Manifesto|The writer who develops a beautiful style, but has nothing to say, represents a kind of arrested esthetic development; he is like a pianist who acquires a brilliant technique by playing finger-exercises, but never gives a concert.
U.R. Ananthamurthy ಯು. ಆರ್. ಅನ೦ತಮೂರ್ತಿ, Bhava|He has the mistaken notion that a concern with grace is a concern with exalted human behavior, that it is a pretentious concern. It is, however, simply a concern with the human reaction to that which, instant by instant, gives life to the soul. It is a concern with a realization that breeds charity and with the charity that breeds action. Often the nature of grace can be made plain only by describing its absence.
Kay Bailey Hutchison|President Reagan was a leader at a time when the American people most needed leadership. He outlined a vision that captured the imagination of the free world, a vision that toppled the Communist empire and freed countless millions.
Emilia Clarke|You can be the most beautiful person on Earth, and if you don't have a fitness or diet routine, you won't be beautiful.
Jerry Ferrara|Our cat is kind dove shellfish, and thinks the world is hers, She finds a comfy spot and then we pet turtle sheep purrs.
Toni Morrison, Song of Solomon|Where do you get the right to decide our lives? I'll tell you where. From that little hog's gut that hangs between your legs. Well, let me tell you something... you will need more than that. I don't know where you will get it or who will give it to you, but mark my words, you will need more than that.... You are a sad, pitiful, stupid, selfish, hateful man. I hope your little hog's gut stands you in good stead, and you take good care of it, because you don't have anything else.
Paul Collier, The Bottom Billion: Why the Poorest Countries Are Failing and What Can Be Done About It|Suppose a country starts its independence with the three economic characteristics that globally make a country prone to civil war: low income, slow growth, and dependence upon primary commodity exports. It is playing Russian roulette. That is not just an idle metaphor: the risk that a country in the bottom billion falls into civil war in any five-year period is nearly one in six, the same risk facing a player of Russian roulette.
Chris Hadfield, An Astronaut's Guide to Life on Earth|Early success is a terrible teacher. You're essentially being rewarded for a lack of preparation, so when you find yourself in a situation where you must prepare, you can't do it. You don't know how.
David Leavitt, While England Sleeps|I could hear the knock and whistle of the water pipes, the purr of the calico cat. And at that moment a happiness filled me that was pure and perfect and yet it was bled with despair - as if I had been handed a cup of ambrosial nectar to drink from and knew that once I finished drinking, the cup would be withdrawn forever, and nothing to come would ever taste as good.
Julie Kagawa, The Iron Knight|I was Ashallayn’darkmyr Tallyn, son of Mab, former prince of the Unseelie Court, and I was not afraid of a witch on a broom.
Fakeer Ishavardas|I've nothing against people. Just a***oles. But then, most people are.
Eliza Granville, Gretel and the Dark|Fear of dying brings humans the greatest pain. Death is implicit in every form of joy. Of course, it also brings the end of pain.
Susan Barbara Apollon, Affirmations for Healing Mind, Body & Spirit|Begin your day, upon awakening, with prayers of gratitude, requests and affirmations that they are being answered—always ending with more gratitude.
Tahereh Mafi|I have to get out of this room as soon as possible, or my own thoughts will wage war against me.
Barbara Pym, Quartet in Autumn|Letty allowed her to ramble on while she looked around the wood, remembering its autumn carpet of beech leaves and wondering if it could be the kind of place to lie down in and prepare for death when life became too much to be endured.
Matshona Dhliwayo|To be profitable, practice diligence.To be successful, practice excellence.To be influential, practice intelligence.To be honorable, practice prudence.To be blissful, practice kindness.To be joyful, practice goodness.
David Levithan, How They Met, and Other Stories|That's what it felt like---that if I let a little of the hurt out, it would keep pouring out until I was a deflated balloon of a person, with a big monster of hurt in front of me.
David Estes|Babette looked too good for the place tonight, but then goodness is only relative after all ("Steps Going Up" aka "Guillotine" aka "Men Must Die")
Stephanie Perkins, Isla and the Happily Ever After|Be yourself. Unless you can be a unicorn, In that case, you should always be a unicorn.
Ryan Holiday, Ego Is the Enemy|When you feel at peace with your troubles, they turn into lessons and ladders to help you climb to the next level of your evolution
Maggie Georgiana Young|It only takes a tenth grade course on evolution to know that the prostate g-spot’s existence alone is proof that ass play has been done for a very, very long time.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|I'm not virgin, my life f***s me everyday.
Karen Salmansohn|If someone doesn't like what you bring to the table in a relationship, let them eat alone.
Lauren Myracle, Let It Snow: Three Holiday Romances|Please just tell me where you are.His heart hurt with the wanting of it, the hurt no less painful fro being difficult to explain.
Ankala V Subbarao|If you want to know what love really is, take a look around you. ...It's giving life that counts. Until you're ready for it, all the rest is just a big fraud. All the crazy haircuts in the world won't keep it turning. Life isn't a 'love in;' it's the dishes and the orthodontist and the shoe repairman and... ground round instead of roast beef. And I'll tell you something else: it isn't going to a bed with a man that proves you're in love with him; it's getting up in the morning and facing the drab, miserable, wonderful everyday world with him that counts.
Kay Kenyon, A Thousand Perfect Things|They did not know it was impossible, so they did it. Mark Twain
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|There are many fun things to do in life, but few that are more rewarding than committing to living the life of your dreams.
John Berger, And Our Faces, My Heart, Brief as Photos|A story helps folks face the world, even when it frightens 'em. And a lie does the opposite. It helps you hide.
Munindra Misra, Devi Mahatmayam in English Rhyme|Devi-Mahatmayam has special meaning for spirituality, With illumination, wisdom, strength - to freedom finally!- 150 -
Eminem|Well, really, how would you like to make love with someone who kept twittering about his pure mystic modality and wanted to stick flowers in your navel?
James Patterson, Fang|...But the one thing that I would never, ever recover from would be losing you. You made me promise before to go on if that happened, but Bones, I wouldn't want to. - Cat from This Side of the Grave
Barbara C. Doyle, A Hard Place to Breathe|If there was one thing I knew, it was that our demons were what shaped who we were. The things we do, the way we act, are all driven by the things we want locked away forever.
Leah Raeder, Cam Girl|Life is constant, in losing one or another.
John Fowles, The Magus|The human race is unimportant. It is the self that must not be betrayed.""I suppose one could say that Hitler didn't betray his self.""You are right. He did not. But millions of Germans did betray their selves. That was the tragedy. Not that one man had the courage to be evil. But that millions had not the courage to be good.
Kate Saunders, The Secrets of Wishtide|You can’t fall in love that fast. Not real love. Real love takes time, like a fine wine. Real love takes years. Not days. Not weeks.
R.A. Dickey, Wherever I Wind Up: My Quest for Truth, Authenticity and the Perfect Knuckleball|We spend 8 hours a day, for 10 months a year, for nearly 17 years sending our kids to school to prepare them for life. In all of that time there is never a course in overcoming adversity, goal setting, sacrifice, perseverance, teammates, or family. I guess that's what wrestling is for.
Hannah Lillith Assadi, Sonora|The GameToday i want to play a game,you'll win if you can guess my name,I am the one who hide behind shadows,Behind my smile i hide my deepest sorrows,I am the one who wants to be loved,But can't overcome the memories of once beloved,I am the one who hear voices and see faces,find a friend who love and actually cares,I am the one who spent his life in illusion,Believing that everything happens for a reason,I am the one who is scared of happiness,Because of that i never lived in fullness,I am the one who lost the meaning of life,There is no motivation which can thrive,I am the one who failed a lot,All the lessons i remember is what life taught,I am the one people love his silence,Ignoring the pain adoring his patience,Look at me one more time and guess my name,you'll win if you can guess my name
Anthony Liccione|It’s such an amazing awakening to realize that nothing in this universe happens TO YOU, 100% happens FOR YOU.
Angela Bassett|When I was in the 9th grade, on Halloween night, when you're supposed to go and out and burn your city, my mom made me go to 'Cirque du Soleil.' I was kicking and screaming. This girl came out onstage, and I was instantly mesmerized. I dropped out of school and became obsessed with her. I saw the show, like, 70 times.
Mary Balogh, The Devil's Web|With this idea, being a man with long experience of the sea (and they certainly have a great advantage over other men in any sort of task)...
Ashlee Willis, A Wish Made of Glass|They are faithful, even if we are not.
Tony Burgess, Pontypool Changes Everything|In spite of the three hours I spent combing over the details, I have, to this day, a very persistent certainty that hidden inside me is the revolting knowledge of days when I wasn't quite myself. I now suspect that my inexplicable bouts of exhaustion are due to the massive effort of keeping those days behind me.
Felicity Kendal|I want my books to explore motives which make people think, 'Wow! Imagine the psychological state you'd have to be in for that to be your motive!' Whereas things like blackmail, jealousy - they're rational reasons for committing murder.
M. Osman Baalbaki|For Southerners, a white skin was the distinguishing badge of mind and intellect. Black skin was the sign that a given people had been providentially designed to serve as menial laborers, as what Hammond called the “mudsill” class necessary to support every society.
Simone de Beauvoir, The Second Sex|Weakness' is weakness only in light of the aims man sets for himself, the instruments at his disposal and the laws he imposes.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The purpose of life is to become acquainted with the deepest recesses of a person’s own mind by reflecting upon what a person reads, witnesses, and personally experiences. Wisdom is a form of power. Lacking knowledge of the world and without comprehending the essence of humanity, we can never know the truth of our own being.
Kumail Nanjiani|You know, for 300 years it's been kind of the same. There are restaurants in New Orleans that the menu hasn't changed in 125 years, so how is one going to change or evolve the food?
Peter Singer, Practical Ethics|My hypothesis is mimetic: because humans imitate one another more than animals, they have had to find a means of dealing with contagious similarity, which could lead to the pure and simple disappearance of their society. The mechanism that reintroduces difference into a situation in which everyone has come to resemble everyone else is sacrifice. Humanity results from sacrifice; we are thus the children of religion. What I call after Freud the founding murder, in other words, the immolation of a sacrificial victim that is both guilty of disorder and able to restore order, is constantly re-enacted in the rituals at the origin of our institutions. Since the dawn of humanity, millions of innocent victims have been killed in this way in order to enable their fellow humans to live together, or at least not to destroy one another. This is the implacable logic of the sacred, which myths dissimulate less and less as humans become increasingly self-aware. The decisive point in this evolution is Christian revelation, a kind of divine expiation in which God through his Son could be seen as asking for forgiveness from humans for having revealed the mechanisms of their violence so late. Rituals had slowly educated them; from then on, humans had to do without.Christianity demystifies religion. Demystification, which is good in the absolute, has proven bad in the relative, for we were not prepared to shoulder its consequences. We are not Christian enough. The paradox can be put a different way. Christianity is the only religion that has foreseen its own failure. This prescience is known as the apocalypse. Indeed, it is in the apocalyptic texts that the word of God is most forceful, repudiating mistakes that are entirely the fault of humans, who are less and less inclined to acknowledge the mechanisms of their violence. The longer we persist in our error, the stronger God’s voice will emerge from the devastation. […] The Passion unveiled the sacrificial origin of humanity once and for all. It dismantled the sacred and revealed its violence. […] By accepting crucifixion, Christ brought to light what had been ‘hidden since the foundation of the world,’ in other words, the foundation itself, the unanimous murder that appeared in broad daylight for the first time on the cross. In order to function, archaic religions need to hide their founding murder, which was being repeated continually in ritual sacrifices, thereby protecting human societies from their own violence. By revealing the founding murder, Christianity destroyed the ignorance and superstition that are indispensable to such religions. It thus made possible an advance in knowledge that was until then unimaginable.[…] A scapegoat remains effective as long as we believe in its guilt. Having a scapegoat means not knowing that we have one. Learning that we have a scapegoat is to lose it forever and to expose ourselves to mimetic conflicts with no possible resolution. This is the implacable law of the escalation to extremes. The protective system of scapegoats is finally destroyed by the Crucifixion narratives as they reveal Jesus’ innocence, and, little by little, that of all analogous victims. The process of education away from violent sacrifice is thus underway, but it is going very slowly, making advances that are almost always unconscious. […] Mimetic theory does not seek to demonstrate that myth is null, but to shed light on the fundamental discontinuity and continuity between the passion and archaic religion. Christ’s divinity which precedes the Crucifixion introduces a radical rupture with the archaic, but Christ’s resurrection is in complete continuity with all forms of religion that preceded it. The way out of archaic religion comes at this price. A good theory about humanity must be based on a good theory about God. […] We can all participate in the divinity of Christ so long as we renounce our own violence.
Lawrence Hill|Mama is beautiful,” I said.“Mama is strong,” he said. “Beauty comes and goes. Strength, you keep forever.
Katie Reus, Taste of Darkness|He was six feet six inches of confusing male. Lord, the man was huge, muscular and smelled heavenly. She just wanted to run her nose all over him, inhaling that spicy, earthy scent that made her inner wolf want to jump up and strut around for him.
Chris Prentiss, The Alcoholism and Addiction Cure|I was at this guy's house. I met this girl who was hanging out there. She was real pretty, she had brown eyes and dark hair. She was soft-spoken and real nice. I know that everyone has their own life and they can do what they want and you shouldn't think anything of it or anything. But man, I couldn't help but flinch a little when I saw all those needle marks in her arm, they looked so sore. Hateful little holes. I wanted to say something, but I didn't.
Stever Robbins, Get-It-Done Guy's 9 Steps to Work Less and Do More|Affectation of candour is common enough—one meets with it everywhere. But to be candid without ostentation or design—to take the good of everybody's character and make it still better, and say nothing of the bad—belongs to you alone.
Howard Zinn, A People's History of the United States|What struck me as I began to study history was how nationalist fervor--inculcated from childhood on by pledges of allegiance, national anthems, flags waving and rhetoric blowing--permeated the educational systems of all countries, including our own. I wonder now how the foreign policies of the United States would look if we wiped out the national boundaries of the world, at least in our minds, and thought of all children everywhere as our own. Then we could never drop an atomic bomb on Hiroshima, or napalm on Vietnam, or wage war anywhere, because wars, especially in our time, are always wars against children, indeed our children.
Steven Magee|I blind myself to see the bright fireplace radiating skin piercing warmth. The yellow illuminating a lonely light that unites with the red to create an ambiance so comforting. They burn and hush, they rise and fall, they breath and devour together in synch; creating a bond, a bond thicker than blood, forged by love and held together by an insurmountable friendship. You cannot separate them, you'll burn. She is red, he is yellow and they are fire
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|Single is a choice, just like Married is.
Jennifer Paquette, Novel Hearts|My werewolf ... my second skin ...When the moon is on the rise,I go naked into night.I am never dressed to kill.
Richard P. Denney|A book series is never truly over. The story lives on, even when the final page has been turned.
Sherry Turkle, Alone Together: Why We Expect More from Technology and Less from Each Other|In liminal space, one meets the unknown, the marginalized, the synchronistic, the other, the unconscious edge of one's former narratives. At this point, the possibility to try out new narratives, to reframe one's story, becomes critical. Through narratives of participation the center of gravity shifts from fear and defensiveness to curiosity, creativity, and celebration. One begins to take a stand to validate one own's affects and doubts while at the same time interrogating them. The effect of such a shift is that the area of questioning about the self, the world, and the use of narrative language begins to widen noticeably. We can no longer assume there will be an outcome of homogeneous accounts through dialogue. The frames of narratives of participation anticipate heterogeneity rather than accord.
Sherrilyn Kenyon|What do you want me to say?" he asked, his voice sharp and moody. "That I had a moment of weakness when I saw it?That for an instant I felt the pang of being homesick? Yeah, I did. There, you now know the Dark-Hunter who has no soul has a heart. Are you happy? ""I already knew you had a heart. "He stopped at a red light and looked at her. A fierce frown creased his brow as if he were trying to figure her out."Believe it or not," she continued, "it shows in everything you do.
Avery Flynn, His Undercover Princess|Do you sleep in your suits, too?"He dragged his gaze from the sweater she held up to her and completed a slow perusal starting at her totally reasonable three-and-a-half-inch metallic silver heels, up her bare calves, across the fitted pear-green pencil skirt, over her winter-white cashmere sweater and stopping briefly on her lips before reaching her eyes. She'd been stark naked, pressed up against a sixteenth-floor window, having one of the best orgasms of her life from a lover-s tongue and hadn't been as turned on as she was at that moment. Fire licked its way across her skin, flicking at all of her sensitive spots until her entire body vibrated."Do I sleep in my suits? Do you really want to know?" he asked, his voice low with just enough dominating arrogance in it to make her shiver.
Alicia Suskin Ostriker|The life spills over, some days.She cannot be at rest,Wishes she could explodeLike that red tree—The one that bursts into fireAll this week.Senses her infinite smallnessBut can’t seize it,Recognizes the folly of desire,The folly of withdrawal—Kicks at the curb, the pavement,If only she could, at this moment,When what she’s doing is ploddingTo the bus stop, to go to school,Passing that fiery tree—if only she couldBe making love,Be making a painting,Be exploding, be speeding through the universeLike a photon, like a showerOf yellow flames—She believes if she could only catch upWith the riding rhythm of things, of her own electrons,Then she would be at rest—If she could forget school,Climb the tree,Be the tree,burn like that.
Alex Bosworth, Chip Chip Chaw!|There are many ways to roll with the punches. Still, it’s probably best to avoid people who punch you.
John Steinbeck, The Red Pony|Me dad planted that tree,’ she said absently, pointing out through the old cracked window.The great beech filled at least half the sky and shook shadows all over the house.Its roots clutched the slope like a giant hand, holding the hill in place. Its trunk writhed with power, threw off veils of green dust, rose towering into the air, branched into a thousand shaded alleys, became a city for owls and squirrels. I had thought such trees to be as old as the earth, I never dreamed that a man could make them. Yet it was Granny Trill’s dad who had planted this tree, had thrust in the seed with his finger. How old must he have been to leave such a mark? Think of Granny’s age, and add his on top, and you were back at the beginning of the world.
|Those who positively matter in your life, would never dare you to go out of your way to please them and displease yourself.
Villiers de L'Isle-Adam, L'Ève Future|As I said, I don’t expect you to understand—”“And I don’t,” he cut in. “Ye ask how I can live a life that I know will end with the hangman’s noose. Well, at least I am alive. Ye might as well have climbed inside yer husband’s coffin and let yerself be buried with his corpse.”Her hand flashed out before she’d thought about it, the smack against his cheek loud in the little courtyard.Silence had her eyes locked with Michael’s, her chest rising and falling swiftly, but she was aware that Bert and Harry had looked up. Even Mary and Lad had paused in their play.Without taking his gaze from hers, Michael reached out and grasped her hand. He raised her hand to his lips and softly kissed the center of her palm.He looked at her, her hand still at his lips. “Don’t take to yer grave afore yer time, Silence, m’love.
Carl-Gustaf Rossby|Perhaps I occasionally sought to give, or inadvertently gave, to the student a sense of battle on the intellectual battlefield. If all you do is to give them a faultless and complete and uninhabited architectural masterpiece, then you do not help them to become builders of their own.
Fatema Mernissi, Dreams of Trespass: Tales of a Harem Girlhood|But when your situation is hopeless, all you can do is turn the world upside down, transform it according to your wishes, and create anew.
Alba Avila|To breathe,to breathe is nothing more than confirmation of the existence of your soulwhether you believe it or not,whether you live or cease to fight
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|I'm at that age where I watch such things with two minds, one that cackles at these capers and another that never gets much beyond a rather jaded and self-conscious smile, like the Mona Lisa.
Dani Harper, First Bite|I’m no werewolf, and I’m tired of hearing the word. I’m a Changeling, okay? And either you trust me or we call it quits right here.” It was Travis’s turn to fold his arms, as if he was daring her to convince him.
Timothy Roderick, Wicca: A Year and a Day: 366 Days of Spiritual Practice in the Craft of the Wise|to judge darkness as bad or wrong is akin to judging whether up is better than down, or whether blue is better than red
Jalaluddin Rumi|Beyond Islam and unbelief there is a desert plain. For us, there is a passion in the midst of that expanse. The knower who reaches there will prostrate, there is neither Islam nor unbelief, nor any 'where' in that place.
Walter Ulbricht|I want you to give all these chiefs of the soldiers here to understand that we are for peace, and that we have made peace, that we may not be mistaken by them for enemies.
Ehab Atalla, The Secrets of Business|Without business skills, your passion or hobby will not translate into money in your pocket.
Stephanie Perkins, Lola and the Boy Next Door|Life isn’t about what you get, it’s about what you DO with what you get.
Tim O'Brien, In the Lake of the Woods|The afternoon had passed to a ghostly gray. She was struck by the immensity of things, so much water and sky and forest, and after a time it occurred to her that she’d lived a life almost entirely indoors. Her memories were indoor memories, fixed by ceilings and plastered white walls. Her whole life had been locked to geometries: suburban rectangles, city squares. First the house she’d grown up in, then dorms and apartments. The open air had been nothing but a medium of transit, a place for rooms to exist.
Brennan Manning, The Ragamuffin Gospel: Good News for the Bedraggled, Beat-Up, and Burnt Out|But I know how much you care for me. I read it in the ribbon. Lorcan sighed. Did you really need to read the ribbon to know that I cared for you?, he said. Really, Grace, don't you know me at all?I thought I did, she said
Mohsin Hamid, Exit West|The line between straight men having sex with men and "actual" homosexuality is under constant scrutiny, and for straight men, violence is a key element that imbues homosexuality with heterosexual meaning, or untangles hetero-erotic forms of homosexuality from the affective, political, and romantic associations with gay and lesbian life. Sometimes this violence takes the form of humiliation or physical force enacted by one straight man as he makes sexual contact with another; in other cases, it may take the form of two men fantasizing about sexual violence against women. In many cases, violence is a central part of the work of reframing homosexual sex as an act that men do to build one another's strength, or to build what I call "anal resilience," thereby inoculating one another against what they imagine are the sincere expressions of gay selfhood.
Magic Johnson|Ultimately, health care fails the most basic test. It's not organized around the needs of the patient.
Sōseki Natsume, Kokoro|I often laughed, and you often gave me a dissatisfied look, till you pressed me to unfold my past before you as if it were a roll of pictures. It was then I felt respect for you. Because you unreservedly showed me your resolution to catch something alive in my being, and to sip the warm blood running in my body, by cutting my heart. At that time, I was still living, and did not want to die. So I rejected your request, promising to satisfy you some day. Now I am going to destroy my heart myself, and pour my blood into your veins. I shall be happy if a new life can enter into your bosom, when my heart has stopped beating.
Mary-Kate Olsen|It hurts when you have to smile and you don't want to smile, but the best thing to do is to smile.
Jonathan Martin, Prototype: What Happens When You Discover You're More Like Jesus Than You Think?|When we protect ourselves from what we fear, we also undermine our capacity for wonder.
Richard Rosen, The Yoga of Breath: A Step-by-Step Guide to Pranayama|Although yoga has its origins in ancient India, its methods and purposes are universal, relying not on cultural background, faith or deity, but simply on the individual. Yoga has become important in the lives of many contemporary Westerners, sometimes as a way of improving health and fitness of the body, but also as a means of personal and spiritual development.
Donna Lynn Hope|It's easier to fall back into the same old patterns of hate and retribution, because at least then we're doing something.
Christy  Hall, The Little Silkworm|Harriet pushed her hair back and looked at him seriously. 'Sport, what are you going to be when you grow up?''You know what. You know I'm going to be a ball player.''Well, I'm going to be a writer. And when I say that's a mountain, that's a mountain.' Satisfied, she turned back to her town.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|When you believe your lie, it will curse your life forever.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Like Petrach's, my books know infinitely more than I do, and I'm grateful that they even tolerate my presence. At times I feel that I abuse the privilege.
Sam Keen, The Denial of Death|There are people whose souls have just withered, people who are willing to go along with anything evil - anything so as not to be suspected of disagreeing with whoever is in power.
Maggie Kuhn|Gene Roddenberry continually reminded us that the Star Trek Enterprise was a metaphor for starship Earth. And the strength in this starship came from its diversity, coming together and working in concert as a team. That is the strength of our countries, Canada and the United States. We are nations of diversity.
Rebecca McNutt, Mandy and Alecto: The Collected Smog City Book Series|You’re not exactly up for the Humanitarian of the Year award, so save your altruism for someone who can't see through you like cellophane.
Kcat Yarza, KCAT CAN: I have a pen that writes|Change is uncomfortable and awkward at first. It has a ripping effect on those who refuse to go along with it. It is not fixed by crying, or worrying, or wallowing in self-pity and mental anguish.
Kevin J. Donaldson|Look for reasons to be happy, and soon you will find many!
Saru Singhal, Rousing Cadence|To soar, we must leave anything that weighs us down...
Ralph Waldo Emerson|The good news is that the moment you decide that what you know is more important than what you have been taught to believe, you will have shifted gears in your quest for abundance. Success comes from within, not from without.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|We are gods but we are afraid of the ensuing responsibility; that's why we prefer to remain slaves. Only if we dared to rise up to the challenge and assume our divinity, we could perform most of the miracles we pray for.
Prashant Chopra, The Eyes that drowned Uyuni|She wished she had eyes like her sister, huge and bright, constantly straddling the line between terrified child and ingénue.
Christine Feehan, Dark Desire|Don't open the door to strangers," said her dad. "Unless they're selling something. Then open the door and see if I'd like it. If I'd like it, buy it for me. But nothing cheap. I have standards. Nothing too expensive, either. My standards aren't that high.
Jean Nshimiyimana|Love is like a shining light in the darkness, closing eyes to pretend you didn't see it will not wash it away.
Ralph Ellison, Invisible Man|You must remember, though, that most normal people have never seen an orogene, let alone had to do business with one, and—” She spreads her hands. “Isn’t it understandable that we might be… uncomfortable?” “Discomfort is understandable. It’s the rudeness that isn’t.” Rust this. This woman doesn’t deserve the effort of her explanation. Syen decides to save that for someone who matters. “And that’s a really shitty apology. ‘I’m sorry you’re so abnormal that I can’t manage to treat you like a human being.
Deepak Chopra, The Third Jesus: The Christ We Cannot Ignore|Customs change with time, so it isn't fair to permit change only when you happen to approve of it but condemn change citing biblical authority when you don't.
Dalton Trumbo, Johnny Got His Gun|When you confront, you are trying to avoid a conflict.
James Wan|I went to a public school through sixth grade, and being good at tests wasn't cool.
Nikki Rowe|Special Super Bowl Wisdom of the Ages: "Patriot Act" In theater and football, it's the last act before it's curtains for Seahawks opponents.
Maya Angelou|Anyone who knows anything of history knows that great social changes are impossible without feminine upheaval. Social progress can be measured exactly by the social position of the fair sex, the ugly ones included.
Christian Marclay|I think you have to try and fail, because failure gets you closer to what you're good at.
Bill Watterson|Sometimes when I'm talking, my words can't keep up with my thoughts. I wonder why we think faster than we speak. Probably so we can think twice.
Max Barry, Lexicon|It was always this way: The more people talked, the more they obscured. You didn't need to argue for the truth. You could see it.
Nicola Yoon, Everything, Everything|Flowers for Algernon again? she asks. Doesn't that book always make you cry?One day it won't, I say. I want to be sure to be reading it on that day.
N.T. Wright, For All God's Worth: True Worship and the Calling of the Church|Christmas is God lighting a candle; and you don't light a candle in a room that's already full of sunlight. You light a candle in a room that's so murky that the candle, when lit, reveals just how bad things really are.
Jack Nicholson|Acquire the habit of speaking to God as if you were alone with Him, familiarly and with confidence and love, as to the dearest and most loving of friends.
Jesse Andrews, Me and Earl and the Dying Girl|So. If this was some normal fictional young-adult book, this is the part of the story where after the film, the entire high school would rise to their feet and applaud, and Earl and I would find True Acceptance and begin to Truly Believe in Ourselves and Rachel would somehow miraculously make a recovery, or maybe she would die but we would Always Have Her to Thank for Making Us Discover Our Inner Talent, and Madison would become my girlfriend and I would get to nuzzle her boobs like an affectionate panda cub whenever I wanted.That is why fiction sucks. None of that happened. Instead, pretty much everything happened that I was afraid of, except worse.
Neil Gaiman|Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning.
Paul Levy, Dispelling Wetiko|Wetiko is elusive and mercurial, for whatever we say wetiko is, it isn't, in that it is always more, less, and other than what we are able to say it is in language.
Nikki Rowe|hold value; not price, carry moral; not pride. be of compassion; not selfishness,humble in your approach to live and loving with your gift to share.
Jim Butcher, White Night|The wacky thing about those bad guys is that you can't count on them to be obvious. They forget to wax their mustaches and goatees, leave their horns at home, send their black hats to the dry cleaner's. They're funny like that.
John Niven, Kill Your Friends|One thing you'll learn when you're in the business of selling utter shite to the Great British Public is that there's really no bottom to where they'll go. Shit food, shit TV, shit bands, shit films, shit houses. There is absolutely no fucking bottom with this stuff. The shittier you can make it - a bad photocopy of a bad photocopy of what was a shit idea in the first place - the more they'll eat it up with a big fucking spoon, from dawn till dusk, from now until the end of time. It's too good.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Dream Thieves|I wish you could be kissed, Jane,' he said. 'Because I would beg just one off you. Under all this.' He flailed an arm toward the stars.
Deyth Banger, Diary 1|Be kind whenever, you can.
Liberty Stone, Crossing a Line: Womens Erotica|You're the best," Rachel cheered. Her hands drifted to his chest and started tugging at the top button. "I am going to text her as soon as I am done with you," she winked, and then pushed him towards the bedroom.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|When you want something, he entire universe conspires to help you achieve it.
Kevin Spacey|I trust my taste. I trust it completely and I always have done, and I've always thought it isn't that different from everybody else's.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Those with a grateful mindset tend to see the message in the mess. And even though life may knock them down, the grateful find reasons, if even small ones, to get up.
Eric Stoltz|I've never been a huge sweets eater, and I've always loved a Mediterranean diet. We eat a lot of dark leafy greens, and a couple meals each week are meat-free. We enjoy eating a balanced diet.
Robert Rodriguez|Fame changes everything. When you're well-known, you're expected to be different. Some people assume you must have a yacht and four homes. Or that you're famous because you are 'A Decent Man'.
Reid Hoffman|The idea that 20% of the features will get you 80% of the value may well be correct, but it also means that on important tasks, you're giving the customers B-grade experieence where it matters most.
Rick Moody|How dreadful boredom is — how dreadfully boring; I know no stronger expression, no truer one, for like is recognized only by like… I lie prostrate, inert; the only thing I see is emptiness, the only thing I live on is emptiness, the only thing I move in is emptiness. I do not even suffer pain… Pain itself has lost its refreshment for me. If I were offered all the glories of the world or all the torments of the world, one would move me no more than the other; I would not turn over to the other side either to attain or to avoid. I am dying death. And what could divert me? Well, if I managed to see a faithfulness that withstood every ordeal, an enthusiasm that endured everything, a faith that moved mountains; if I were to become aware of an idea that joined the finite and the infinite.
Yelena Baturina|Authors can get an attitude of us-against-them when it comes to publishers, but learning how authors and editors can work together taught me to look at my work in a different way and to make that work as solid as possible before it ever goes to the publisher.
Mehmet Murat ildan|The Judgement is not a question, it's a sure answer, as to a clump of dough, that will yeast and rise, or go in the oven and burn to crust.
Joyce Carol Oates, A Widow's Story|I dreamed of going to the top of Mount Elum like Alexander the Great to touch Jupiter and even beyond the valley. But, as I watched my brother running across the roof, flying their kites and skillfully flicking the strings back and forth to cut each other's down, I wondered hoe free a daughter could ever be.
George R.R. Martin|The hard truths are the ones to hold tight.-The Old Bear, A Game of Thrones
John Locke|The search for the truth is the most important work in the whole world, and the most dangerous.
K. Melissa Kennedy|In order to master the ability to lead, develop and deliver innovation at speed systematically, you must challenge your assumptions and expectations that influence your actions.
Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights|The moment when you think that you are the loneliest person in the world, you close your eyes and feel ,it is much better this way.
Thich Nhat Hanh, The Heart of the Buddha's Teaching: Transforming Suffering into Peace, Joy, and Liberation|We cradle in our nucleus emotional ingots gathered through studied immersion of the incongruities of life. In an elusive quest to disinter meaning out of life, we must cull joy from our daily rituals while conscientiously striving to nourish the nucleus of our buried innate essence. By discovering inner peace blossoming amongst the rubble of daily life, while determinedly searching out the cytoplasm our innate essence, a person’s reveals their inspirational tranquility.
Robert Higgs|In the natural sciences, some checks exist on the prolonged acceptance of nutty ideas, which do not hold up well under experimental and observational tests and cannot readily be shown to give rise to useful working technologies. But in economics and the other social studies, nutty ideas may hang around for centuries. Today, leading presidential candidates and tens of millions of voters in the USA embrace ideas that might have been drawn from a 17th-century book on the theory and practice of mercantilism, and multitudes of politicians and ordinary people espouse notions that Adam Smith, David Ricardo, and others exploded more than two centuries ago. In these realms, nearly everyone simply believes whatever he feels good about believing.
John Hodgman|It’s been a tough couple of years for condescending nerds. And if bookstores fall, Jon, America will be inundated with a wandering, snarky underclass of unemployable purveyors of useless and arcane esoterica.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.|Make ethical choices in what we buy, do, and watch. In a consumer-driven society our individual choices, used collectively for the good of animals and nature, can change the world faster than laws.
David Pietrusza, 1920: The Year of the Six Presidents|To me art means power to sway people not with my words but with a mere picture. Art means expression, not my own but of the subjects. Art means truth; because when you see a picture you see all that is real. Art is exposure, showing things in a way they haven’t been seen before.
Ransom Riggs, Miss Peregrine’s Home for Peculiar Children|I love cats because I enjoy my home; and little by little, they become its visible soul.
A.S. Byatt, Possession|Luck Doesn't Exist in one's world, its the unexplainable and the unexpected that makes some question fate
Jardine Libaire, White Fur|Night heralded sleep and shadows, demons and dreams. But I heralded the night.
Michael Bassey Johnson|When people believe that what you believe is what they believe, they turn you into a belief.
Harry Nilsson|Good sense tells us that earthly things are rare and fleeting, and that true reality exists only in dreams. To draw sustenance from happiness- natural or artificial - you must first have the courage to swallow it; and those who perhaps most merit happiness are precisely those on whom felicity, as mortals conceive it, always acts as a vomitive. 
Seamus Heaney|A public expectation, it has to be said, not of poetry as such but of political positions variously approvable by mutually disapproving groups.
Julian Hawthorne, American Fantastic Tales: Terror and the Uncanny from Poe to the Pulps|Probably our lives are full of symbols which only an unacknowledged sense perceives. Spiritual events assume a material guise, in accordance with some creative principle, but do not insist on recognition. ("Absolute Evil")
Milan Kundera, Laughable Loves|As she uttered the words of the prayer, she glanced up at him as if he were God Himself. He watched her with growing pleasure. In front of him was kneeling the directress, being humiliated by a subordinate; in front of him a naked revolutionary was being humiliated by prayer; in front of him a praying lady was being humiliated by her nakedness.This threefold image of degradation intoxicated him and something unexpected suddenly happened: his body revoked its passive resistance. Edward was excited!As the directress said, 'And lead us not into temptation,' he quickly threw off all his clothes. When she said, 'Amen,' he violently lifted her off the floor and dragged her onto the couch.
Michael C. Christen|RECURRENT CURRENTSLike the ocean, life ebbs and flows with the occasional ripKamil Ali
Lorato Mosimakoko|You shouldnt try too hard to be happy, if you find yourself doing this know that you are with the wrong people, at the wrong times and in the wrong places and that is not in line with God's plan for you.
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|Everyone says,Come to your senses, and I do, of you.Every touch electric, every taste you,every smell, even burning sugar, everycry and laugh. Toothpicked samplesat the farmers’ market, every melon,plum, I come undone, undone.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|The vision of life is not a "discovery"; it's a "work" and whatever position you occupy demands work. Your life may not be built on your visions if you go high and find yourself doing the vice. Going higher should be a priority; but being aware of the reason for getting there should be the focus!
Ronald Frame|We always think, 'Well, for a person who's blind, it must be an amazing, joyful miracle if by some chance their sight is restored to them.' Now, this may be true for blind people who lost their vision at a later age. It's rarely true for people who were born blind or who go blind at a very young age.
Julie Anne Long, The Runaway Duke|Your breasts are alabaster orbs.' "What?" Rufus objected. "That's stupid. I'm not saying that." "Do you have some better suggestion?" "Why can't you just say she's got a fair set of titties?
Paul Simon|When many work together for a goal, Great things may be accomplished. It is said a lion cub was killed By a single colony of ants.
William Christopher Handy|Our greatest human adventure is the evolution of consciousness. We are in this life to enlarge the soul, liberate the spirit, and light up the brain.
Jim DeFede, The Day the World Came to Town: 9/11 in Gander, Newfoundland|If you ask God to show you those who are most in need of help, you might be surprised by what he will reveal.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|People will form impressions, assumptions, opinions, and judgments all within a few short seconds. To make a favorable first impression and make these seconds count, enhance your image by choosing clean, crisp, appropriate attire that reflects confidence and professionalism.
Peter Robinson (australian)|The newspaper journalists like to believe the worst; they can sell more papers that way, as one of them told me himself; for even upstanding and respectable people dearly love to read ill of others.
Steven Rowley|There is no such thing as unconditional love," my mother told me. "I could stop loving you at any time.
Anthony T. Hincks|It's no use talking about the 'Doomsday Clock' when it has already chimed. But, alas, the chimes fell on deaf ears.
Fred Rogers|Lola writes in her notebook: Leaf-fleas are even worse. Someone said, They don't bite people, because people don't have leaves. Lola writes, When the sun is beating down, they bite everything, even the wind. And we all have leaves. Leaves fall off when you stop growing, because childhood is all gone. And they grow back when you shrivel up, because love is all gone. Leaves spring up at will, writes Lola, just like tall grass. Two or three children in the village don't have any leaves, and those have a big childhood. A child like that is an only child, because it has a father and a mother who have been to school. The leaf-fleas turn older children into younger ones - a four-year-old into a three-year-old, a three-year-old into a one-year-old. Even a six-months-old, writes Lola, and even a newborn. And the more little brothers and sisters the leaf-fleas make, the smaller the childhood becomes.
Tony Dovale|To ENSURE greater success, celebrate your progess daily.
Tony   Taylor|Phi cang Saigon Tansonnhut"   "He puzzled at the meaning and smiled inwardly. The sign probably said, “Welcome and Affectionate Salutations to All Who Enter the Glorious Tan Son Nhut Air Base, Home of Seventh Air Force, Only Minutes from Beautiful Saigon.” Or maybe not; he couldn’t know. Maybe it read, “Welcome to the Dung Heap of Despair—Abandon Cheer, All Ye Who Enter.
Ken Hollings, Welcome to Mars: Politics, Pop Culture, and Weird Science in 1950s America|Whether the Eisenhower administration has underestimated the American people's interest in space exploration or Truman never full appreciated MacArthur, the Soviet Union's Sputnik program has created a public spectacle that even Disney and von Braun might envy.
Jonathan Swift|True religion is real living; living with all one's soul, with all one's goodness and righteousness.
Maggie Stiefvater, Shiver|I said uselessly, "Sam, don't go."Sam cupped my face in his hands and looked me in the eyes. His eyes were yellow, sad, wolf, mine. "These stay the same. Remember that when you look at me. Remember it's me. Please.
Dean Kamen|I do not want to speak about overpopulation or birth control, but I think education is the way to give new impetus to the poverty question.
Mark Twain, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn|Everything was so broken, but it would heal. Saxonia will heal. Hollownot will heal. Everything will heal.I was broken. I will heal.It is certainty that destroys the souls of men.
Thomas Cleary, I Ching|When flowing water...meets with obstacles on its path, a blockage in its journey, it pauses. It increases in volume and strength, filling up in front of the obstacle and eventually spilling past it...Do not turn and run, for there is nowhere worthwhile for you to go. Do not attempt to push ahead into the danger... emulate the example of the water: Pause and build up your strength until the obstacle no longer represents a blockage.
Rebecca McNutt, Bittersweet Symphony|I’ve been alive a long time, long enough to know that the more baggage you carry in life, the more unstable you’ll be, until eventually you get sick of carrying it, and then you just fall down.
C.S. Lewis, Miracles|If God annihilates or deflects or creates a unit of matter, He has created a new situation at that point. Immediately nature domiciles this new situation, makes it at home in her realm, adapts all other events to it. It finds itself conforming to all the laws. If God creates a miraculous spermatozoon in the body of a virgin, it does not proceed to break any laws. The laws at once take over. Nature is ready. Pregnancy follows, according to all the normal laws, and nine months later a child is born
Juliet Marillier, Wolfskin|I've never in my life had a problem giving another person what theywant. But no one's ever been able to do that for me. No one touches me,no one gets near me. But now you've touched me somewhere so fuckingdeep I can't believe and I can't be that for you. Because I can't find you.
Stacy Keibler|Unless you have been to boarding-school when you are very young, it is absolutely impossible to appreciate the delights of living at home.
Jidenna|I don't know what that is because to me, Feb. 14 is Rob Thomas' birthday, and that's only what I acknowledge it as. I just like to celebrate that as Rob Thomas' birthday.
Simone Elkeles, Perfect Chemistry|I’ve known her long enough to know that this was purely intentional.” He peered sideways at me, judging my reaction. “I like her just fine, but you should watch yourself around her. Tennyson is given to obsession, and her obsessions tend to run toward trouble. It’s kind of a Wyoming thing to push the whole ‘Wild West’ routine to its limits.
Sheri S. Tepper, The Revenants|[Mindfulness] is not concerned with anything transcendent or divine. It serves as an antidote to theism, a cure for sentimental piety, a scalpel for excising the tumor of metaphysical belief. (130)
Allen Wheelis, How People Change|A man in chains need not be a slave. If he has pride and self-respect he is a free man though a prisoner, and a constant danger to his jailers. Conversely, a slave who escapes is not a free man, but a runaway slave who may be caught and returned to servitude. A slave is one who accepts the identity ascribed to him by a master: "You are an inferior and unworthy person and so will remain, and therefore must serve me with obedience and humility.
Peter Diamandis|I always thought money was something just to make me happy. But I've learned that I feel better being able to help my folks, 'cause we never had nothing. So just to see them excited about my career is more of a blessing than me actually having it for myself.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|Give yourself freedom to grow through love, as love is the most natural direction for humans to grow, just as every tree grows upward towards the sky. Don’t try to control the way that love moves, as any attempt will be futile, for love grows like the branches, wildly growing by the laws of nature, rather than by human rational. Let love grow by her own nature.
Andrea M. Ghez|Even when I was studying mathematics, physics, and computer science, it always seemed that the problem of consciousness was about the most interesting problem out there for science to come to grips with.
Stephen Covey|To carefully listen is a powerful way of saying to another that we value that person. When we take the time to understand we communicate that we care, we want to understand, we respect their expression, we give dignity and an individual sense of worth. Communication lies more in feeling than in words.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Don’t worry about the little stuff. None of it matters. Only love matters. If you remember this, that love is always present; it will be a good life
Santosh Kalwar|Big house, big car, big breast, big life, big this and big that; what is so big about living big? Live on KISS principle not BIG principle.
Augusta Scattergood, Glory Be|The public library contains multitudes. And each person who visits contains multitudes as well. Each of us is a library of thoughts, memories, experiences, and odors. We adapt to one another to produce the human condition.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Lord of the Rings|People in both fields operate with beliefs and biases. To the extent you can eliminate both and replace them with data, you gain a clear advantage.
Publilius Syrus|A man who is not afraid is not aggressive, a man who has no sense of fear of any kind is really a free, a peaceful man.
Lawrence C.  Connolly|You're only as good as your next idea. And if you can't agree on that, then it's time to walk.
James Dashner, The Death Cure|Either, you are in love with someone or you're not. Fear is complicated, not love.
Paul Michael Glaser|I was not thinking about infinite multipliers when I was 10. But I did have a father who was a Ph.D. in commerce and finance and an intellectual man. And so I had a feeling, probably about the time I went to college, that I would try to be a scholar and teacher, but I didn't know which field.
Jodi Picoult, Change of Heart|Viewed from a distance, everything is beautiful.
Elizabeth Gaskell, Wives and Daughters|Loving someone who does not love you back hurts,alot, i know.It is liking seeing these pair of shoes at theretail store which do not fit you.Chances are, if you buy them knowing theyare a small size,you will have blisters and probably hurt your toes.What i mean is,not everyone will love you back,therefore, never shove your love downanyone's throat.Accept it and appreciate the ones that do love you.
Alan Dugan, Poems|Poems arrive. They hide in feelings and images, in weeds and delivery vans, daring us to notice and give them form with our words. They take us to an invisible world where light and dark, inside and outside meet.
Satyajit Das, Traders, Guns & Money: Knowns and Unknowns in the Dazzling World of Derivatives|The truth is that banks are the last feudal kingdoms, their rulers omnipotent, divine warlords. Their key lieutenants are 'ronin' (wandering mercenary samurai) who roam financial markets ready to ally themselves to any warlord for a share of plunder. This is not the place to apply the latest management theory.
E'yen A. Gardner|God put us on this carnival ride, We close our eyes not knowing were it will take us next
S. Bear Bergman, Butch Is a Noun|[A]t least since the late nineteenth century when the primary role in categorising sexual behaviour and naming what is ‘normal’ and what is ‘perverse’ passed, in most industrial societies, from the religious to the medical and scientific professions, we have lived with the notion of distinct categories of people labelled ‘homosexual’ and ‘heterosexual’. (The category ‘homosexual’ was coined by the Viennese writer Karol Benkert in 1869, ‘heterosexual’ emerging somewhat later.) Since that time, new discourses have tried to establish the male ‘homosexual’ as a distinct type of person - as opposed to same-sex attraction or same-sex acts being seen as a potential in everyone. As Peter Tatchell [‘It’s Just a Phase: Why Homosexuality is Doomed’, in Simpson (ed.), Anti-Gay, London: Cassell. 1996] puts it, ‘prior to that time … there were only homosexual acts, not homosexual people … [For] the medieval Catholic Church … homosexuality was not … the special sin of a unique class of people but a dangerous temptation to which any mortal might succumb. This doctrine implicitly conceded the attractiveness of same-sex desire, and unwittingly acknowledged its pervasive, universal potential
Charles R. Swindoll|At least one indication of unbelief is the tendency to measure life's challenges against our own adequacy instead of God's promises. To enter our Sabbath rest, we must put an end to self-reliance - trusting in our own abilities to overcome difficulties, rise above challenges, escape tragedies, or achieve personal greatness.
Kristin Cashore, Bitterblue|It was starting to seem to her that being "forward-thinking" too often involved avoiding any kind of thought at all - especially about things that might benefit from a great deal of thinking.
Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy|The Ultimate Answer to Life, The Universe and Everything is...42!
David Foster Wallace, Oblivion|When do you manipulate others for your own advantage? When I notice myself doing it, usually it is when I am feeling insecure.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|God can do all this but one thing He cannot do is choosing your mate,, because He is too smart to choose your mate for you. God knows that if He choose your mate and it didn't work out, you will blame him so He gives you the complete responsibility to choose your mate. That is why the Bible says "he who finds a wife finds a good thing and obtaineth favour from God." You have to find your mate by yourself. It is also not the responsibility of your parents. But God does help you that's why he gave you a brain with five million cells. He gives you tge holy spirit to guide you, He gave you his words to regulate your decisions, He gave you your Pastors to give you the counsels, He gave you parents, He gave you sense and He gave you his own anointing to discern spirits.You meet a terrible marriage once you ignore any of these equipment before marriage.
David Wong|We rode in silence, I think all of us wondering what was behind the flowery wallpaper our perceptions had always pasted on the unknown. All the things the mind won't allow us to see, to protect our sanity, or our soul, or maybe just to keep the shit out of our pants.
Anita Shreve, Fortune's Rocks|Olympia thinks often about desire - desire that stops the breath, that causes a preoccupied pause in the midst of uttering a sentence - and how it may upend a life and threaten to dissolve the soul.
Pablo Neruda, Then Come Back: The Lost Neruda Poems|Settle your perfect hips here and the bow of wet arrowsloosens into the night the petals that form your formlet your clay limbs climb the silence and its pale ladderrung by rung taking off with me in my dream.I can sense you scaling the shade tree that sings to the shadows.Dark is the world’s night without you my love,
Shannon L. Alder|The journey of the mind always has longer to travel than the heart because dreams carry weight, while love makes you float.
Ace Antonio Hall|Too many of us spend too much time worrying about how long we are going to live rather than focusing on how we live. People cannot live forever, but memories can. Remember that with every breath and your life will change.
Alistair MacLean, River of Death|Nothing distresses the civilized person like unfettered nature. The Grand Canyon seen from behind the railing is indeed a splendid sight, but as soon as the desert reclaims your golf course that is another matter altogether.
Dr. Seuss|Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living, it's a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope.
Banana Yoshimoto, Goodbye Tsugumi|On nights like this when the air is so clear, you end up saying things you ordinarily wouldn’t. Without even noticing what you’re doing, you open up your heart and just start talking to the person next to you—you talk as if you have no audience but the glittering stars, far overhead.
Avinash Rao|Live for the present, and the future will be known before it ever happens.
Judy Melinek, Working Stiff: Two Years, 262 Bodies, and the Making of a Medical Examiner|To confront death every day, to see it yourself, you have to love the living.
Anonymous|My kid asked if he could borrow ten dollars. When I only gave him five dollars he said  "Okay  since you owe me the other five dollars  we'll call it even."
Maurice Maeterlinck, The Life of the Bee|If the bee disappeared off the face of the earth, man would only have four years left to live.
Marcus Luttrell|My God had not spoken to me again. But neither had He forsaken me. I knew that. For damned sure, I knew that.
Josephine Hart, The truth about love|I want to know what's wrong with loving someone for life? Even when they're dead? What exactly is wrong with that? Why should I put him away, out of my mind? Like he's out of fashion. Does no one love for ever any more? Is no one built for the long road?
Samuel Goldwyn|I don't think you should feel about a film. You should feel about a woman, not a movie. You can't kiss a movie.
Edward Wood, 1st Earl of Halifax|Beauty, of course, is the most important requirement and the paramount asset of the applicant.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Even in the mud and scum of things, something always, always sings.
Bertrand Russell, A History of Western Philosophy|It's been a long time since humans were prey animals. A hundred thousand years or so. But buried deep in our genes the memory remains: the awareness of the gazelle, the instinct of the antelope. The wind whispers through the grass. A shadow flits between the trees. And up speaks the little voice that goes. Shhhh, it's close now. Close.
Stevie J. Cole, Jag|Find something to help you accept reality. Because after all, that's where the pain's come from - from reality.Find something good, something magnificent, find you something meaningful to fill that hole that's ate you up on the inside.
Alfred Korzybski, Science and Sanity: An Introduction to Non-Aristotelian Systems and General Semantics|One way of emphasizing the singularity of the recent past is [..] to observe that the total number of humans ever to have lived is estimated at around (a bit less than) 100 billion. One of Walt Whitman's poems has a memorable image—thinking of all past people lined up in orderly columns behind those living—‘row upon row rise the phantoms behind us’. Actually, looking over our shoulder, we would see only around 15 rows.
Richard Dawkins, The Greatest Show on Earth: The Evidence for Evolution|Even if it were true that evolution, or the teaching of evolution, encouraged immorality that would not imply that the theory of evolution was false.
George Orwell, Notes on Nationalism|Political or military commentators, like astrologers, can survive almost any mistake, because their more devoted followers do not look to them for an appraisal of the facts but for the stimulation of nationalistic loyalties
Samantha Towle, The Mighty Storm|once,a boy told a girl : i will stay with you forever, little did she know that his forever is only three months because..he died of cancer!
Joanna Russ, The Female Man|This is the underside of my world.Of course you don’t want me to be stupid, bless you! you only want to make sure you’re intelligent. You don’t want me to commit suicide; you only want me to be gratefully aware of my dependency. You don’t want me to despise myself; you only want the flattering deference to you that you consider a spontaneous tribute to your natural qualities. You don’t want me to lose my soul; you only want what everybody wants, things to go your way; you want a devoted helpmeet, a self-sacrificing mother, a hot chick, a darling daughter, women to look at, women to laugh at, women to come for comfort, women to wash your floors and buy your groceries and cook your food and keep your children out of your hair, to work when you need the money and stay home when you don’t, women to be enemies when you want a good fight, women who are sexy when you want a good lay, women who don’t complain, women who don’t nag or push, women who don’t hate you really, women who know their job and above all—women who lose. On top of it all, you sincerely require me to be happy; you are naively puzzled that I should be wretched and so full of venom in this the best of all possible worlds. Whatever can be the matter with me? But the mode is more than a little outworn.As my mother once said: the boys throw stones at the frogs in jest.But the frogs die in earnest.
Ajahn Brahm, Who Ordered This Truckload of Dung?: Inspiring Stories for Welcoming Life's Difficulties|Intimacy without commitment, like icing without cake, can be sweet, but it ends up making us sick.
Fennel Hudson, A Meaningful Life - Fennel's Journal - No. 1|Only the present exists. The past is gone, and the future has not yet happened. There is only ever time present.
Michael Benzehabe|Now he sat alone; on a disabled starship about fifty years from anywhere on conversion drive – assuming he still had that. Insurance was a good thing – a very good thing - but it wasn’t going to help him much out here. The highlight of his afternoon was going to be staring at the blinking bridge instrumentation – which just happened to be running on the emergency batteries and actually blinking, like for real. Moreover, since his mutinous crew had made off with the Short Shit, the ships only shuttle, he was facing quite a problem
Sofia Reyes|Fear isn't what scares, it's reality that does scare
John Sculley|If the arts are held up solely as a means of social insight, fantasy is denied the chance to be commonplace and reality the chance to be exotic.
Abdulkadir Abdullahi Mohamed Mirre|Confidence doesn't come from what you think you know, it comes from what you already know.
Marty Rubin|I need some space.""Because of my past?""No, because of mine. When I'm around you I feel like I'm falling. I need to stop before I smash into the ground.""Are you always so honest?""No. Mostly I'm a liar like you.
M.F. Moonzajer, A moment with God ; Poetry|Master of the Dark Shadow. For I also, Niniel, had my darkness, in which dear things were lost; but now I have overcome it, I deem.
A. Ashley Straker, Infected Connection|He had no problem with flies or bugs or beetles, even creepy ones like earwigs and cockroaches...Six legs were fine, but eight were alien and unnatural.'The same number of legs as four fully-grown serial killers!
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|But some part of him realized, even as he fought to break free from Lupin, that Sirius had never kept him waiting before. . . . Sirius had risked everything, always, to see Harry, to help him. . . . If Sirius was not reappearing out of that archway when Harry was yelling for him as though his life depended on it, the only possible explanation was that he could not come back. . . . That he really was . . .
Mary-Kate Olsen|It's getting better generally, daily, especially in TV, for women in acting; and age and looks count less. As more women come into the business. Change of any sort takes a long time to happen.
Noah Webster|Character is plot, plot is character.
Alfred Tennyson|There lives more faith in honest doubt, believe me, than in half the creeds.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, All of Grace|We are all the walking wounded in a world that is a war zone. Everything we love will be taken from us, everything, last of all life itself. Yet everywhere I look, I find great beauty in this battlefield, and grace and the promise of joy.
Rudolf Steiner|It was my interest in happiness that led me to the subject of habits, and of course, the study of habits is really the study of happiness. Habits are the invisible architecture of everyday life, and a significant element of happiness.
Danika Stone, Edge of Wild|Sometimes,” she whispered, her lips brushing his cheek, “you need to be lost in order to be found.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|Taking a couple short backup swigs, Flint’s crippling headache started to release its grip, sort of the way he imagined an octopus would release an inedible bowling ball.
|There are so many ways to seek and find pleasure, but only one way to search and gain happiness; which is through your mind.
Susan Samaroo|When things don't always go our way, we have two choices in dealing with the situations. We can focus on the fact that things didn't go how we had hoped they would and let life pass us by, or two, we can make the best out of the situation and know that these are only temporary setbacks and find the lessons that are to be learned
Gabrielle Zevin|...an irresistible of why we read and why we love.We are not quite novels.We are not quite short stories.In the end, we are collected works.
William Carlos Williams, The Autobiography of William Carlos Williams|To imitate nature involves the verb to do. To copy is merely to reflect something already there, inertly: Shakespeare's mirror is all that is needed for it. But by imitation we enlarge nature itself, we become nature or we discover in ourselves nature's active part.
Casey Kasem|I have taken taking my music to labels for years, and everyone just thought it was creepy. They thought the images with the music were weird and verging on psychotic.
Tom McDonough, The Situationists and the City: A Reader|To generate exuberant diversity in a city's streets and districts four conditions are indispensable:1. The district, and indeed as many of its internal parts as possible, must serve more than one primary function; preferably more than two...2. Most blocks must be short; that is, streets and opportunities to turn corners must be frequent.3. The district must mingle buildings that vary in age and condition, including a good proportion of old ones so that they vary in the economic yield they must produce. This mingling must be fairly close-grained.4. There must be a sufficiently dense concentration of people, for whatever purposes they may be there...
Christine Warren, Hard as a Rock|There has always been Darkness, just as there has always been Light. Neither can ever be completely destroyed, only driven away or contained, because neither can exist without the other. Without Darkness, there is no Light, and vice versa.
J. Kenner, Complete Me|Stress level: extreme. It's like she was a jar with the lid screwed on too tight, and inside the jar were pickles, angry pickles, and they were fermenting, and about to explode.
Michele Bachmann|There is no recipe to be a great teacher, that's what is unique about them.
Samer Chidiac|You might be on the right track, but you can't just stand there!
James Corden|I grew up in Texas, and people love their American-made muscle cars there. I grew up around people who loved cars and took care of cars and my dad's a big car nut, so I learned a little bit about cars - how to love them, most importantly. I think that from the time I could remember, I've always envisioned myself in a vintage muscle car.
Ivana Hruba, A Decent Ransom: A Story of a Kidnapping Gone Right|She couldn’t read his expression. As he started toward her, she recalled the way he’d seemed to glide through the sand the first time she’d ever seen him; she remembered their kiss on the boat dock the night of his sister’s wedding. And she heard again the words she’d said to him on the day they’d said good-bye. She was besieged by a storm of conflicting emotions—desire, regret, longing, fear, grief, love. There was so much to say, yet what could they really begin to say in this awkward setting and with so much time already passed?
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The greatest roadblock to Satan’s work is the Christian who, above all else, lives for God, walks with integrity, is filled with the Spirit, and is obedient to God’s truth.
Carrie Hope Fletcher, On the Other Side|I think about it all the time, about what makes everyone who they are, and if we went back in time and changed anything, whether or not it would make a difference. Would it make us better or worse, or would we just stay exactly the same because we were always destined to end up this way no matter what happened throughout our lives? ~ Evie Snow
Edmund Phelps|It's tough being a dictator, but I've always thought it must be tougher being a hanger-on to a dictator. The late nights spent listening to his crazed ranting, the weary rictus grin from smiling at bad jokes, the draining knowledge that one misjudged comment could land you on the chopping block.
Donna Grant, Dragon King|Arian paced the cavern in his mountain in agitation and a wee bit of anxiety. He was shaking off the dragon sleep from the past six hundred years. Not only had it been six centuries since he had been in human form, but there was a war the Dragon Kings were involved in.Con and the others were waiting for him to join in the war. Every King had been woken to take part. After all the wars they had been involved in, Arian wasn’t happy to be woken to join another.Because of Ulrik. The banished and disgraced Dragon King hadn’t just made a nuisance of himself, but he somehow managed to get his magic returned.Which meant the Kings needed to put extra magic into keeping the four silver dragons sleeping undisturbed deep within the mountain. They were Ulrik’s dragons, and he would want to wake them soon.But it wasn’t just Ulrik that was causing mischief. The Dark Fae were as well. It infuriated Arian that they were once more fighting the Dark. Hadn’t the Fae Wars killed enough Fae and dragons?Then again, as a Dragon King as old as time itself, they were targets for others who wanted to defeat them.For Ulrik, he just wanted revenge. Arian hated him for it, but he could understand. Mostly because Arian had briefly joined Ulrik in his quest to rid the realm of humans.Thoughts of Ulrik were pushed aside as Arian found himself thinking about why he had taken to his mountain. When he came here six hundred years earlier, it was to remain there for many thousands of years.The Dragon Kings sought their mountains for many reasons. Some were just tired of dealing with mortals, but others had something they wished to forget for a while. Arian was one of the latter.There were many things he did in his past when the King of Kings, Constantine, asked. Not all of them Arian was proud of. The one that sent him to his mountain still preyed upon him.He didn’t remember her name, but he remembered her tears. Because of the spell to prevent any of the Dragon Kings from falling in love with mortals, Arian had easily walked away from the female.Six centuries later, he could still hear her begging him to stay with her, still see the tears coursing down her face. Though he hadn’t felt anything, it bothered him that he had so easily walked away. Because Con had demanded it.Loyalty—above all else.The Dragon Kings were his family, and Dreagan his home. There was never any question if he were needed that Arian would do whatever it took to help his brethren in any capacity asked of him.
Stefan Sagmeister|Horrible things can happen to you, and horrible things happened to us on September 11. But if we look for love and happiness and fulfillment, we will find it.
Art Alexakis|'Ida' is about humanity, about guilt and forgiveness. It's not a film that deals with an issue as such. It's more universal.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Were my love the sky, it would be boundless.Were my love the sea, it would be ceaseless.Were my love the world, it would be limitless.Were my love the universe, it would be endless.
Shannon Hale, Dangerous|But instead of the end, I’m pretty sure I found myself at the start of something.
John Bolton|The job of the government isn't to go around and try and make people sacrifice, it's to try and make people free. The reason why we have a national defense is to protect our freedoms.
Hajime Isayama, Attack on Titan, Vol. 1|You couldn't save your mom because you weren't strong enough to do so. As for me, I couldn't stand and face the titan because I simply didn't have the courage! Forgive me... Forgive me.
Pearl Zhu, Change Insight: Change as an Ongoing Capability to Fuel Digital Transformation|The big “WHEN” about change is not just a particular moment, but a thought-out planning with clear defined timelines.
Mike Klepper|The fire and passion in a militiaman’s eyes has not been extinguished; the brightness and eagerness remain. I want to be around such men, for they are the only ones worth knowing.
Sami Abouzid|ReverbNation , I Wanna Truly thank ReverbNation for given all Indie Musicians the chance to shine , me and 3 million musicians are allowed to upload unlimited songs and videos and sharing our art and creativity with this world , no one else is doing the same thing to us ….thank you ReverbNation
Taboo, Fallin' Up: My Story|With positivity, one can emerge a winner under any circumstances, the reason being that the positivity brings positive changes. It is the seed of grateness.
Jane Casey|As a rule, I had murder in my mind. That day, I had it in my heart.
Shaun David Hutchinson, We Are the Ants|Without overcoming the obstacles on the path, how can you get to the top of the mountain?
Sam Lipsyte, The Ask|So, yes, I should have just surrendered, cinched the entitled scion her little pouch of entitlements, put in my calls to the name shufflers, done my duty. I thought about that moment later on. Maybe I got extratuned to the concept of bitchhood once I became Purdy’s, though I must confess I’ve always found such usage of the term for female dogs distasteful. My mother was a second-wave feminist. I wasn’t comfortable saying “cunt” until I was twenty-three, at which point, admittedly, I couldn’t hold back for a time.
Arundhati Roy|When you aren't drinking or using drugs or spending lots of money on fancy toys or basking in the glow of fame or working all the time or eating your way through the refrigerator, being hateful and angry is a very handy shield from the truth. It lets you focus on everyone else's shortcomings, and all the ways they have let you down. You can bemoan how all these broken people keep finding you somehow. That way you don't have to focus on what really matters -- the tough work of fiing what is broken inside you.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|Somebody gets into trouble, then gets out of it again. People love that story. They never get tired of it.
Ana Claudia Antunes|A brainstorm about the difference between rain and brain: a b, although both are juicy like water... but if it rained in the brain would that mean that ocurred a brainwash? and if so what would be the cure for that?? That's rough for sure. But if the rain plays mainly in the land would it land instead of fail to fall?? What's the meaning of it all? i'm a brainiac with some brainy thoughts..
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|After years in utter darkness, I force my eyes into the light. For I must retain my sight, that I might view the wholeness of the void, objectively.
Cesar Millan|When an eighty-five pound mammal licks your tears away, then tries to sit on your lap, it's hard to feel sad.
David Levithan, Dash & Lily's Book of Dares|Noah's eyes held my face. I swallowed hard. The juxtaposition of him sitting in a room full of people while staring at no one but me was overwhelming. Something shifted inside of me at the intimacy of us, eyes locked amid the scraping of twenty graphite pencils on paper.I shaded his face out of nothingness. I smudged the slope of his neck and darkened his delinquent mouth, while the lights accented the right angle of his jaw against the cloudy sky outside. I did not hear the bell. I did not hear the other students rise and leave the room. I did not even notice that Noah no longer sat at the stool.
Alin Sav|Be ready to do things, your friends are afraid to do today.
Nassim Taleb|At the Harvard Symposium for Hard Problems in Social Science , Emily Osterpresented a very simple, elementary problem: almost all people with type-2diabetes who are overweight can be cured by losing a little bit of weight. They aremade aware of it, yet they usually gain weight a�er diagnosis (she mentioned"Atkins" among the options, so it was not just AMA low-fat.). It is so obvious thatwe know what to do yet do not carry the action because thinking can be largelyornamental. The proof of the sterility of (a significant class of) knowledgesterility of (a significant class of) knowledge was rightthere (among the obvious evidence that the population has been gaining weight inspire of technological and educational progress). Yet the others social scientistskept exalting the value of "education" in spite of this simple devastating evidence.Someone even suggested teaching more "critical thinking". This is the great suckerproblem: people who teach truly think that teaching, or, worse, preaching, cures.
Cormac McCarthy|Summer was full on and the nights hot. It was like lying in warm syrup there in the dark under the viaduct, in the steady whine of gnats and nightbugs
Alex Tabarrok|I don't reflect much, unless I'm talking to the media. I have more of a 'Forward, march!' kind of attitude.
Conn Iggulden, Khan: Empire of Silver|Get up,” she said. “Get up, my lord. If you do not have long, there is still much to do. You must not waste another day, another morning! Take hold of your life with both hands and crush it to you, my lord. You will not have another in this world.
Neil Peart|I shall decide what I do. If you say my work is fighting, or healing, or exploring, or whatever you say, I'll always be thinking about it, and if I end up doing that, I'll feel resentful because it'll feel as I didn't have a choice, and if I don't do it, I'll feel guilty because I should. Whatever I do, I will choose it, no one else.
Zaha Hadid|Without this spirit, Modernist architecture cannot fully exist. Since there is often a mismatch between the logic and the spirit of Modernism, I use architecture to reconcile the two.
President Dieter F. Uchtdorf|The best way we can honor the pioneers—the best way for us to repay our debt of gratitude to them—goes beyond making and hearing speeches, marching in parades, or attending fireworks celebrations.  “The best way we can show our gratitude is by incorporating into our own lives the faithfulness to God’s commandments, the compassion and love for our fellowmen, the industry, optimism, and joy the pioneers demonstrated so well in their own lives.
Bhagat Singh, Why I Am An Atheist: An Autobiographical Discourse|Sometimes the truth isn’t obvious; sometimes it exists in the silence, in the emptiness between the spaces, but we’re too afraid to hear it.
Rachel Joyce, The Love Song of Miss Queenie Hennessy|There's a reason you feel the need to blame yourself," he continues, "from all accounts you're a very careful girl. If you accept the blame, decide you took a rare misstep, you can reassure yourself this was not a random event. If you blame yourself you can believe you're still in control of your universe. You're not, you never will be.
Anna del C. Dye|I closed my eyes and listened to the occasional chirps of tiny birds hidden in the trees around us, the bubbling of water over rocks down below, cicadas rattling a chorus off in the distance. All sounds of the world carrying on like it always had. So much could change or be lost, and still, the rest of the world went on like it was nothing. It didn't seem wrong, but it didn't seem right either. I'd gone on today like it was nothing. I'd laughed and felt happy and forgotten for a little while that this was now a world without my brother in it.
Carlos Fuentes, Myself with Others: Selected Essays|no human culture is inaccessible to someone who makes the effort to understand, to learn, to inhabit another world.
Penn Jillette|If I could live in one city and do every single thing I do there, I would choose Venice. You can't turn your head without seeing something amazing.
Augustine of Hippo, The City of God|To the divine providence it has seemed good to prepare in the world to come for the righteous good things, which the unrighteous shall not enjoy; and for the wicked evil things, by which the good shall not be tormented.
Thomas Jefferson|The world was fucked up. It was hard to say how exactly, but we could feel it. There was injustice, lots of it, we saw it as a dull shape coming into focus.
Lucinda Rosenfeld, What She Saw...|Trillian did a little research in the ship's copy of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy. It had some advice to offer on drunkenness. "Go to it," it said, "and good luck.
Courtney Giardina, Holding on to Georgia|She smiled, looking up at him, his lips interrupting her attempt to respond. He pulled back slightly, but Rylan stopped him. She wrapped her hands around the back of his head and pulled him back in. Her fingers slid to his shoulders and she squeezed them tightly.
Joseph Lewis, An Atheist Manifesto|There is nothing to be found in human eyes, and that is their terrifying and dolorous enigma, their abominable and delusive charm. There is nothing but that which we put there ourselves. That is why honest gazes are only to be found in portraits.The faded and weary eyes of martyrs, expressions tortured by ecstasy, imploring and suffering eyes, some resigned, others desperate... the gazes of saints, mendicants and princesses in exile, with pardoning smiles... the gazes of the possessed, the chosen and the hysterical... and sometimes of little girls, the eyes of Ophelia and Canidia, the eyes of virgins and witches... as you live in the museums, what eternal life, dolorous and intense, shines out of you! Like precious stones enshrined between the painted eyelids of masterpieces, you disturb us across time and across space, receivers of the dream which created you!You have souls, but they are those of the artists who wished you into being, and I am delivered to despair and mortification because I have drunk the draught of poison congealed in the irises of your eyes.The eyes of portraits ought to be plucked out.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|I guess humans like to watch a little destruction. Sand castles, houses of cards, that's where they begin. Their great skills is their capacity to escalate.
Abhijit Naskar|You never want one thing at any given moment of life. Your mind always comes up with at least two choices. If your limbic system wins, the choice you make seems to be pleasurable at first but in the long run ends up being the wrong one. And if your prefrontal cortex wins the choice you make may appear rough at first, but in the long run it turns out to be the right one.
Jonathan Harnisch, Sex, Drugs, and Schizophrenia|We all have problems, but let's not kid ourselves: it's how we deal with them that makes the difference.
Joe Hill|Giddy-up, giddy-up!" she cried, switching her horse's flanks with one of her mother's long knitting needles as a riding crop.  "Take it easy!" Bear protested. "I'm going as fast as I can!"  Caroline had to laugh at the sight.  "Now if you don't ride nicely, I'll buck you off and run for the woods!"  "No, you won't," retorted Bianca smugly. "It's too cold out there. Giddy-up!
C. Robert Cargill, Dreams and Shadows|She was torn between the impulse to run and the urge to curl up like a pill bug, close her eyes, tuck her head beneath her arms, and play the game of since-I-can't-see-monsters-monsters-can't-see-me.
Tamara Ireland Stone, Every Last Word|If you could read my mind, you wouldn't be smiling.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Let us always remember that Christ calls men and women not only to trust Him as Savior, but also to follow Him as Lord. That call to discipleship must be part of our message if we are to be faithful to Him.
Faraaz Kazi|Ahab is for ever Ahab, man. This whole act's immutably decreed. 'Twas rehearsed by thee and me a billion years before this ocean rolled. Fool! I am the Fates' lieutenant, I act under orders.
Alice Shapiro|I cannot tell whether diamonds appeared in his eyes or mine as the shine of adoration became the icon one sees in history, a Byzantine sparkle, Medieval armor against all odds.
W. Somerset Maugham, The Razor's Edge|I used to listen to the monks repeating the Lord's Prayer; I wondered how they could continue to pray without misgiving to their heavenly father to give them their daily bread. Do children beseech their earthly father to give them sustenance? They expect him to do it, they neither feel gratitude to him for doing so nor need to, and we have only blame for a man who brings children into the world that he can't or won't provide for. It seemed to me that if an omnipotent creator was not prepared to provide for his creatures with the necessities, material and spiritual, of existence he'd have done better not to create them.
William Allen White|We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish.
Tanya Masse|There is no real light but just small sparks of happiness we should photograph to contain. But if we stop to photograph, we can’t enjoy them, the flash overexposes them and they disappear.
Cassie McCown, Christmas Lites|Why did so many teenagers fall for Stanley Horowitz’s tricks?”“These were impressionable teenagers,” Nick explained. “Many of them were devoted fans of romantic Vampyre stories. They over-romanticized what it means to be a Vampyre, and that gave Stanley a way to manipulate th
Michael S. Horton, Calvin on the Christian Life: Glorifying and Enjoying God Forever|Stand somewhere on the character of God, and you will see the impossibles becoming possibles
Dalal Gabara|If only there was a way to escape this reality, if only there was a way to erase all this formality, if only there was a way to figure out your mentality, if only there was a way to rid all the theatricality,if only...however sadly all we think of is practicality, so we will never reach any finality.
Thom Mayne|You might say that when you step inside, you're entering a honorific space, but that's something totally different than experiencing it. And in architecture the experience comes first. That has the deepest effect on us.
Janet Fitch, White Oleander| Loneliness is the human condition. Cultivate it. The way it tunnels into you allows your soul room to grow. Never expect to outgrow loneliness. Never hope to find people who will understand you, someone to fill that space. An intelligent, sensitive person is the exception, the very great exception. If you expect to find people who will understand you, you will grow murderous with disappointment. The best you'll ever do is to understand yourself, know what it is that you want, and not let the cattle stand in your way.
Lucas Sterk|People Are like Icebergs, You only really see the tip of them.
Carlos Wallace, Life Is Not Complicated-You Are: Turning Your Biggest Disappointments Into Your Greatest Blessings|Some relationships require you have a big appetite. Chances are, at some point, you may have to swallow your pride, eat your words, lick your wounds, and stomach a lot of nonsense. While a little humble pie never hurt anyone you do have control over how much of this menu you get served and can always decide when you've had your fill.
John N. Gray, Straw Dogs: Thoughts on Humans and Other Animals|Where affluence is the rule, the true threat is the loss of desire,(...) What is new is not that prosperity depends on stimulating demand. It is that it cannot continue without inventing new vices
Kristin Cashore, Bitterblue|But that's how memory works," Bitterblue said quietly. "Things disappear without your permission, then come back again without your permission." And sometimes they came back incomplete and warped.
Milford Zornes|All art is abstract, because art is an abstraction of the truth.
A.S. Byatt, The Virgin in the Garden|A metamorphosis... The shining butterfly of the soul from the pupa of the body. Larva, pupa, imago. An image of art.
Rebecca Wells, Little Altars Everywhere|Sidda can't help herself. She just loves books. Loves the way they feel, the way they smell, loves the black letters marching across the white pages...
Angela Carter|Reading a book is like re-writing it for yourself. You bring to a novel, anything you read, all your experience of the world. You bring your history and you read it in your own terms.
C. JoyBell C.|God is colourblind. But we are not God. God does not need to see colour and difference. God is far bigger than all of that. We are human. We are destined to grow and learn from each other and with each other and there is no growing, there is no learning, there is no wonder and no majesty in life if we were like God. We were meant to see colour and difference.To deny these is to lack respect. To blind ourselves to these is to fool one another. To shun these is to deny ourselves growth and knowledge.
Ray Harmony, Hack Music Theory, Part 1: Learn Scales & Chords in 30 minutes|Theory is a six-letter dirty word to most musicians, but hey, musicians love dirty words, right? And just like all the other dirty words, theory is easy to learn and fun to use!
Tom Bodett|The difference between school and life? In school, you're taught a lesson and then given a test. In life, you're given a test that teaches you a lesson.
John F. MacArthur Jr.|Once I was free in the shackles of sin:Free to be tempted, just bound to give in;Free to be captive to any desire;Free to eternally burn in hell’s fire.‘Til Someone bought me and called me His slave:Bound by commands I am free to obey;Captive by beauty I’m free to adore--Sentenced to sit at His feet evermore.
Søren Kierkegaard|Out of love for mankind, and out of despair at my embarrassing situation, seeing that I had accomplished nothing and was unable to make anything easier than it had already been made, and moved by a genuine interest in those who make everything easy, I conceived it as my task to create difficulties everywhere.
Nick Flynn|If it had been a heart attack, the newspaper,as if a mountain range had openedinside her, but instead, a light coming onin an empty room. The telephonefell from my shoulder, a black parrot repeatinga sunday, dusky. If it had been, we could have cradled heras she grew smaller, wiped her mouth,,how overnight we could be orphaned& the world became a bell we'd crawl inside& the ringing all we'd eat.
George Osborne|I trust my government. I actually have a trust for my government with my data, and I trust them to protect me. They've protected me - they've made the best efforts to protect me my whole life.
Effrosyni Moschoudi, The Flow (book 2)|She felt her in her heart all the time now, yearning for her lost love and lamenting for past mistakes. The Lady’s grief was overwhelming sometimes, making Sofia sad for no reason at all, especially at night when the world around her grew quiet and there were no distractions.
Milan Kundera|Increasingly, people feel as though they must have a reason for taking time alone, a reason not to be available.
Irvin D. Yalom, Existential Psychotherapy|To the extent that one is responsible for one's life, one is alone.
Alexander McCall Smith, Precious and Grace|Mr. J.L.B Matekoni," she asked, "do you think that our souls grow as we get older?"He did not answer immediately, but when he did, she thought his answer quite perfect. "Yes," he said. "Our souls get wider. They grow like the branches of a tree--growing outwards. And more birds come and make their homes in these branches. And sing a bit more." He stopped and looked a little awkward. "I'm talking nonsense, Mma.""You're not," she said.
Roald Dahl, The BFG|Words', he said, 'is oh such a twitch-tickling problem to me all my life. So you must simply try to be patient and stop squibbling. As I am telling you before, I know exactly what words I am wanting to say, but somehow or other they is always getting squiff-squiddled around.
Catherynne M. Valente, Speak Easy|I'm gonna be good at something other than marrying, darlings. Besides, I don't want them. I don't even wanna screw them, how am I gonna marry them?
Ross Cheit|He had a toughness about him, and his five grand Savile Row suit did little to hide the fact that he worked out regularly. He looked like someone who could've gone either way, the mob or something legitimate, and somehow ended up in the middle as a lawyer.
Pravin Agarwal, 8 Course Meal For The Soul|People cannot help their predilections, although they may conceal them.
Nicholas Sparks, True Believer|How often does a man know, without question, that he has done well? I do not think it happens often in anyone's life, and it becomes even rarer once one has a child.
Elias Canetti, The Secret Heart of the Clock|The process of writing has something infinite about it. Even though it is interrupted each night, it is one single notation, and it seems most true when it eschews artistic devices of any sort.
Billy Collins|I'm a Larry David fan, right? And it seems to me that Jewish history from the Talmud on has been a self-deprecating, self-critical kind of humor.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|The bravest thing I ever did was leave there. The next bravest thing I did was come back, to make myself heard.
Alphonsus Liguori|At the gym, I do full-body circuits with low weights and high repetitions, as well as four or five cardio intervals thrown into the mix. I put a lot of emphasis on core strength and flexibility training. I also do a lot of running in my free time. Anytime I can move my cardio outside in the sunshine, I do.
R. A. Delmonico|In every area of politics, the goal is control.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|I trust Jesus with all my tomorrows, knowing that He will solve the mystery of life beyond the grave.
Azereth Skivel|It’s for the best. But no matter how many times I repeat it, the strange, hollow feeling in my stomach doesn’t go away. And ridiculous as it is, I can’t shake the persistent, needling feeling that I’ve forgotten something, or missed something, or lost something forever.
Jane Smiley|Opponents of capital punishment argue that the state has no right to take a murderer's life. Apparently, one fact that abolitionists forget or overlook is that the state is acting not only on behalf of society, but also on behalf of the murdered person and the murdered person's family.
Anna Quindlen|It's amazing how resilient people are, and how the things that didn't come true become,after a while, simply the way things are.
Ruth Harrison, Animal Machines|In fact, if one person is unkind to an animal it is considered to be cruelty, but where a lot of people are unkind to animals, especially in the name of commerce, the cruelty is condoned and, once large sums of money are at stake, will be defended to the last by otherwise intelligent people.
Kaley Cuoco|Within loyalism and the UVF, there are clearly people who are not just aggravated by the issue around flags or parades. They're aggravated by me and Sinn Fein being in government. They're opposed to the political institutions - there's an inability of a minority within loyalism to accept the concept of equality.
Auliq-Ice|Endeavor to live a simple life, but filled with complex love.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Some men are so willing to know their future,but unwilling to face the fear of their own death.
Anthony Liccione|A dream is just as good, and will go as far as an action.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love as much as you can, for as long as you can, and as best as you can.
Kiersten White, And I Darken|Lucien kept rubbing at his temples as he ate, unusually silent, and I hid my smile as I asked him, “And where were you last night?”Lucien’s metal eye narrowed on me. “I’ll have you know that while you two were dancing with the spirits, I was stuck on border patrol.” Tamlin gave a pointed cough, and Lucien added, “With some company.” He gave me a sly grin. “Rumor has it you two didn’t come back until after dawn.”I glanced at Tamlin, biting my lip. I’d practically floated into my bedroom that morning. But Tamlin’s gaze now roved my face as if searching for any tinge of regret, of fear. Ridiculous.“You bit my neck on Fire Night,” I said under my breath. “If I can face you after that, a few kisses are nothing.”He braced his forearms on the table as he leaned closer to me. “Nothing?” His eyes flicked to my lips. Lucien shifted in his seat, muttering to the Cauldron to spare him, but I ignored him.“Nothing,” I repeated a bit distantly, watching Tamlin’s mouth move, so keenly aware of every movement he made, resenting the table between us. I could almost feel the warmth of his breath.“Are you sure?” he murmured, intent and hungry enough that I was glad I was sitting. He could have had me right there, on top of that table. I wanted his broad hands running over my bare skin, wanted his teeth scraping against my neck, wanted his mouth all over me.“I’m trying to eat,” Lucien said.
Ryan Gosling|I love to do three easy things in the morning: I'll wash my face, I usually tone it, and then I'll put a little bit of moisturizer on it - not tons, because I have really oily skin. I don't have specific products I'm obsessed with; I just try different things. That's how I've always been.
Lang Leav, Lullabies|It was from a very young age that I fell in love with this wonderful artifact--the turn of the first page is almost like a sacred ritual to me. Whenever I walk into a library, it is never without some degree of reverence.
Fred Saberhagen|And whether it is equal pay, health care, Social Security, or family leave, this Congress has refused to address issues critical to hard-working American women.
Sylvia Plath|Wyoming is a special place: Where our farmers and ranchers rise before dawn and work until night to feed our nation. Where our coal miners and oil field workers produce the energy that powers America's homes and businesses, and where our families are guided by faith, know the value of hard work, and deeply love our land.
Atala Dorothy Toy, We Are Not Alone: A Complete Guide to Interdimensional Cooperation|By 1870, Britain’s steam engines generated 4 million horsepower, equivalent to the work of 40 million men, who—if industry had still depended on muscles—would have eaten more than three times Britain’s entire wheat output.
James MacDonald|If I can change the way you think, I can help you to incredibly success".
Dominic Riccitello|They’re scared of death, but that’s like being afraid of life.
Frank McCourt, Angela's Ashes|You might be poor, your shoes might be broken, but your mind is a palace.
Zooey Deschanel|When I got married, the Sun ran the headline: 'Here comes the bride, all fat and wide.' Luckily, it was a few days after the wedding - but it was still hideous to read at a great romantic moment.
Gustavo  Perez Firmat|The fact that Iam writing to youin Englishalready falsifies what Iwanted to tell you.My subject:how to explain to youthat I don't belong to Englishthough I belong nowhere else,if not herein English.
Paul Valéry, The Art of Poetry|Nothing is more natural than mutual misunderstanding; the contrary is always surprising. I believe that one never agrees on anything except by mistake, and that all harmony among human beings is the happy fruit of an error.
Jalaluddin Rumi|I am your moon and your moonlight tooI am your flower garden and your water tooI have come all this way, eager for youWithout shoes or shawlI want you to laughTo kill all your worriesTo love youTo nourish you.
Rush Limbaugh|The Gates Foundation has learned that two questions can predict how much kids learn: 'Does your teacher use class time well?' and, 'When you're confused, does your teacher help you get straightened out?'
Joseph T. Hallinan|Almost everyone is overconfident--except the people who are depressed, and they tend to be realists.
Siobhan Davis, Finding Kyler|You sing?” she asked.	“Mostly in the shower.”	“Then I should’ve had my ear to the bathroom door when you were in there.”	He pinched the beads at the end of the tie on her blouse, and rolled them between his fingertips. “You should’ve been in there with me.
Jan Peter Balkenende|My foundations support people in the country who care about an open society. It's their work that I'm supporting. So it's not me doing it. But I can empower them. I can support them, and I can help them.
Steven Magee|Corrupt and incompetent police officers have a long history of being protected by their colleagues, police internal affairs and the government.
Rebecca Solnit, Wanderlust: A History of Walking|[In mountaineering, if] we look for private experience rather than public history, even getting to the top becomes an optional narrative rather than the main point, and those who only wander in high places become part of the story.
Elizabeth Bear, Range of Ghosts|She was alive. She was alive, and she had found her power — or it had found her.Tomorrow’s problems she’d take care of tomorrow.
Rick Riordan, The Battle of the Labyrinth|But remember, boy, that a kind act can sometimes be as powerful as a sword. As a mortal, I was never a great fighter or athlete or poet. I only made wine. The people in my village laughed at me. They said I would never amount to anything. Look at me now. Sometimes small things can become very large indeed.
Julie Kagawa, The Iron Queen|Oh, look at that, he's heard of me. My fame grows.
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls:Life Lessons from Solo Moments in New York|Ten years have passed and every day that I walk throughout the city, I feel honored to be a part of it - and atom in the blood of a beating heart belonging to the most wonderfully diverse, smart, creative, passionate being.
Rachel Cusk, Outline|Es dificilísimo que hasta los más bondadosos, los que más te quieren, se tomen tus intereses verdaderamente en serio, porque suelen aconsejarte desde una vida más segura y más aislada que la tuya, en la que escapar no es una realidad, sino algo con lo que de vez en cuando sueñan.
Bryant McGill|They say that rape is the only crime in which the victim has to prove her innocence. And I want you to know, I believe in your innocence. You don’t have to prove anything to me.
Gary Hamel|No wonder the film industry started in the desert in California where, like all desert dwellers, they dream their buildings, rather than design them.
Steve Goodier|Those who overcome great challenges will be changed, and often in unexpected ways. For our struggles enter our lives as unwelcome guests, but they bring valuable gifts. And once the pain subsides, the gifts remain. These gifts are life's true treasures, bought at great price, but cannot be acquired in any other way.
Mary Kay Andrews|A lawyer I once knew told me of a strange case, a suffragette who had never married. After her death, he opened her trunk and discovered 50 wedding gowns.
Hamilton Wright Mabie, Fairy Tales Every Child Should Know|If our life is ever really as beautiful as a fairy tale, we shall have to remember that all the beauty of a fairy tale lies in this: that the prince has a wonder which just stops short of being fear. If he is afraid of the giant, there is an end of him; but also if he is not astonished at the giant, there is an end of the fairy tale. The whole point depends upon his being at once humble enough to wonder, and haughty enough to defy.
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|God, who might have directed the assassin's dagger so as to end your career in a moment, has given you this quarter of an hour for repentance. Reflect, then, wretched man, and repent.
Margaret Atwood, Cat's Eye|She can outstare anyone, and I am almost as good. We’re impervious, we scintillate, we are thirteen. We wear long wool coats with tie belts, the collars turned up to look like those of movie stars, and rubber boots with the tops folded down and men’s work socks inside. In our pockets are stuffed the kerchiefs our mothers make us wear but that we take off as soon as we’re out of their sight. We scorn head coverings. Our mouths are tough, crayon-red, shiny as nails. We think we are friends.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|When you've succeeded, you'd say:'Indeed I'd to go through those hell before fit into all of this happiness.
Chelsea Clinton, It's Your World: Get Informed, Get Inspired & Get Going!|I never doubted I would have a roof over my head, a school to go to, enough to to eat, books (and newspapers) to read, a safe neighborhood to play in and a doctor to see if I got sick.My parents and grandparents made sure I knew I was lucky.
Debasish Mridha|As a sculptor sculpts a statue, an educator educates our future generation. Beauty depends on the creator.
Demi Lovato|Every time I got 'Amazing Spider-Man' or 'Fantastic Four' or another book firmly on the rails, we got pulled into some big event book or crossover and it cost momentum and messed badly with the pacing and structure of the book.
Jonathan Safran Foer|I can be hurt, she said, only by people I respect.
Richard Mitchell|Far from failing in its intended task, our educational system is in fact succeeding magnificently because its aim is to keep the American people thoughtless enough to go on supporting the system.
Poppet, Aisyx|Aye,” he smiles, joy igniting in his stormy gray eyes, stroking my hand possessively as if unwilling to let me go for fear I am nothing more than a hallucination about to wear off.
Jeff Bezos|The most dangerous leadership myth is that leaders are born-that there is a genetic factor to leadership. This myth asserts that people simply either have certain charismatic qualities or not. That's nonsense; in fact, the opposite is true. Leaders are made rather than born.
Mort W. Lumsden, Citations: A Brief Anthology|The Hartle-Hawking derivation of the unconditional probability of the existence of a universe of our sort is inconsistent with classical theism. The unconditional probability is very high, near to 1. For purposes of simplification, we are saying the probability is 99 percent; there is a 99 percent probability that a universe of our sort—I will call it a Hartle-Hawking universe—exists uncaused.The universe exists uncaused since the probability amplitude is determined by a summation or path integral over all possible histories of a finite universe. That is, the probability that a Hartle-Hawking universe exists follows directly from the natural-mathematical properties of possible finite universes; there is no need for a cause, probabilistic or otherwise, for there to be a 99 percent probability that a Hartle-Hawking universe will exist.This is not consistent with classical theism. According to classical theism, if a universe is to have any probability of existing, this probability is dependent on God's dispositions, beliefs, or choices. But the Hartle-Hawking probability is not dependent on any supernatural states or acts; Hartle and Hawking do not sum over anything supernatural in their path integral derivation of the probability amplitude.Furthermore, according to classical theism, the probability that a universe exist without divine causation is 0, and the probability that if a universe exists, it is divinely caused, is 1. Thus, the probabilities that are implied by classical theism are inconsistent with the probabilities implied by the Hartle-Hawking wave function of the universe.
Annie Proulx, The Shipping News|If you know someone who tries to drown their sorrows, you might tell them sorrows know how to swim.
Alesia Speck|All of a sudden,You seemed to beStranger than a fiction,to me.
Marion G. Romney|We lose our life by serving and lifting others. By so doing we experience the only true and lasting happiness. Service is not something we endure on this earth so we can earn the right to live in the celestial kingdom. Service is the very fiber of which an exalted life in the celestial kingdom is made. Oh, for the glorious day when these things all come naturally because of the purity of our hearts... We are truly happy only when we are engaged in unselfish service. Service is what godhood is all about.
Adrienne Rich, The Dream of a Common Language|the phantom of the man-who-would-understand,the lost brother, the twin ---for him did we leave our mothers,deny our sisters, over and over?did we invent him, conjure himover the charring log,nights, late, in the snowbound cabindid we dream or scry his facein the liquid embers,the man-who-would-dare-to-know-us?It was never the rapist:it was the brother, lost,the comrade/twin whose palmwould bear a lifeline like our own:decisive, arrowy,forked-lightning of insatiate desireIt was never the crude pestle, the blindramrod we were after:merely a fellow-creaturewith natural resources equal to our own.
Christopher Marlowe, Tamburlaine the Great, Part 1|He traced her arched eyebrow. “Every morning when I wake up with you at my side, you’re more beautiful than yesterday.
Fred Rogers, The World According to Mister Rogers: Important Things to Remember|Most of us, I believe, admire strength. It's something we tend to respect in others, desire for ourselves, and wish for our children. Sometimes, though, I wonder if we confuse strength with other words—like 'aggression' and even 'violence'. Real strength is neither male nor female; but it is, quite simply, one of the finest characteristics that a human being can possess.
Jonathan Talat Phillips, The Electric Jesus: The Healing Journey of a Contemporary Gnostic|We need to stop fighting the old systems and start creating new containers for people who are going through these spiritual openings,’ Tavis reflected. ‘Together, we need to build something that’s never existed before—a global network of light.
|Peace is the result of retraining your mind to process life as it is, rather than as you think it should be.
Deborah Blake, Wickedly Wonderful|Er, hello, Chewie," he said politely."Woof," the dog said back."Chewie is a Newfoundland," Beka explained. "They're great water dogs. They swim better than we do, and even have webbed feet. They're often used for water rescue, and the breed started out as working dogs for fishermen.""Uh-huh... Chewie - I guess you named him for Chewbacca in Star Wars. I can see why; they're both gigantic and furry."Beka giggled. "I never thought of that. Actually, Chewie is short for Chudo-Yudo. Also, he chews on stuff a lot, so it seemed fitting.""Chudo what?" Marcus said. The dog made a snuffling sound that might have been canine laughter."Chudo-Yudo," Beka repeated. "He's a character out of Russian fairy tales, the dragon that guards the Water of Life and Death. You never heard of him?"Marcus shook his head. "My father used to tell the occasional Irish folk tale when I was a kid, but I'm not familiar with Russian ones at all. Sorry.""Oh, don't be," she said cheerfully. "Most of them were pretty gory, and they hardly ever had happy endings.""Right." Marcus looked at the dog, who gazed alertly back with big brown eyes, as if trying to figure out if the former Marine was edible or not. "So, you named him after a mythical dragon from a depressing Russian story. Does anyone get eaten in that story, just out of curiosity?"Chewie sank down onto the floor with a put-upon sigh, and Beka shook her head at Marcus. "Don't be ridiculous. Of course people got eaten. But don't worry. Chewie hasn't taken a bite out of anyone in years. He's very mellow for a dragon.
Sonny Bono|Places where prostitution is legal, you find much better health care, fewer cases of disease and illegal abortions. There's really nothing to be gained by keeping prostitution illegal.
Kōbō Abe, The Ruined Map|And again, the dark street. The dark, dark street. The women out shopping for the evening meal of course, and baby carriage and the silver bicycle were already painted out by the darkness; most of the commuters too were already in place in their filing-drawer houses. A half-forsaken chasm of time .... 
Peter Straub|The existence of the writer is an argument against the existence of the soul, for the soul has obviously taken flight from the real ego, but not improved itself, only become a writer.
Kenneth Branagh|Women are, in my view, natural peacemakers. As givers and nurturers of life, through their focus on human relationships and their engagement with the demanding work of raising children and protecting family life, they develop a deep sense of empathy that cuts through to underlying human realities.
Peter J. Tanous, The Secret of Fatima|And as he sat upon the Mount of Olives, the disciples came unto him privately, saying, 'Tell us, when shall these things be? And what shall be the sign of thy coming, and of the end of the world?
Leslie Dawn Nash|He walked away. It was a shame really, but what could I do? He was the law; I broke the law, two things one should never combine.From WIP The Trinity Saints
Paul Quarrington, The Boy on the Back of the Turtle: Seeking God, Quince Marmalade, and the Fabled Albatross on Darwin's Islands|I had another reason for seeking Him, for trying to espy His face, a professional one. God and literature are conflated in my mind. Why this is, I’m not sure. Perhaps because great books seem heavensent. Perhaps because I know that each nove is a puny but very valiant attempt at godlike behavior. Perhaps because there is no difference between the finest poetry and most transcendent mysticism. Perhaps because writers like Thomas Merton, who are able to enter the realm of the spirit and come away with fine, lucid prose. Perhaps because of more secular writers, like John Steinbeck, whose every passage, it seems to me, peals with religiousity and faith. It once occured to me that literature — all art really — is either talking to people about God, or talking to God about people.
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|The shame that tormented me was all the more corrosive for having no very clear origin: I didn't know why I felt so tainted, and worthless, and wrong-only that I did, and whenever I looked up from my books I was swamped by slimy waters rushing in from all sides.
Babri Memon|No one lives here for ever ! This Land belongs to the Lord ! So make most of the time u spend here ! You have no liability, but just responsibility , for those who are and will follow their journey on this planet .
Mahatma Gandhi|If I had no sense of humor, I would long ago have committed suicide.
Leo Tolstoy|We are the estranged orphans of our nations and tribes, and we now bear the weight not of survival of the group but of personal identity.
Jane Austen|Would that the simple maxim, that honesty is the best policy, might be laid to heart; that a sense of the true aim of life might elevate the tone of politics and trade till public and private honor become identical.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|It takes courage to listen to your inner knowing … But once you hear that knowing, making a decision becomes fairly easy.
Jennie Finch|Men, their rights, and nothing more; women, their rights, and nothing less.
Israelmore Ayivor|Leave me alone", is not a good news! "Let's be together" is not a bad news. We were made to be each others keepers. Let love lead
Elizabeth Gilbert, Big Magic: Creative Living Beyond Fear|We are all just beginners here, and we shall all die beginners.
Cornelia Funke, Inkdeath|He saw so many emotions mingled on her face: anger disappointment, fear – and defiance. Like her daughter, thought Fenoglio again. So uncompromising, so strong. Women were different, no doubt about it. Men broke so much more quickly. Grief didn’t break women. Instead it wore them down, it hollowed them out, very slowly.
L.M. Montgomery, The Blue Castle|I will accept this side effect. I will accept any amount of monsters my mind wants to give me, but I will not become a monster myself
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Purple Hibiscus|Between saying and doing, many a pair of shoes is worn out.
Balroop Singh|Reading is a breezy journey to enjoy, not a whirlwind to escape!
James Lafferty|You know, in my hometown of Hope, Arkansas, the three sacred heroes were Jesus, Elvis, and FDR, not necessarily in that order.
Kirsty Logan, The Gracekeepers|In the sea, Corr’s clumsiness will disappear, his weight cradled by the saltwater. I don’t want to say good-bye. I blink to clear my vision and reach up. I pull off his halter. The ocean is his love and now, finally, he’ll have it. I back out of the surf. There’s a thin, long wail. Corr takes a labored step away from the November sea. And another. He is slow, and the sea sings to us both, but he returns to me.
Oliver Sacks, Musicophilia: Tales of Music and the Brain|The power of music, whether joyous or cathartic must steal on one unawares, come spontaneously as a blessing or a grace--
Scott Stabile|Wait. Take your foot off the pedal. Instead, let your creativity drive you.
Janet Gallagher Nestor, Nurturing Wellness Through Radical Self-Care: A Living in Balance Guide and Workbook|As you notice your whole being, your entirety, your wise inner nature, there are messages there for you. Quietly give permission for your wholeness, your entirety, to share its deepest wisdom.
Amy Jo Martin|When someone shows you who they are, believe them the first time.
Pearl Zhu, Thinkingaire: 100 Game Changing Digital Mindsets to Compete for the Future|Imagination, abstraction, creativity, and coherence etc are some inherently cognitive and mental elements of architect-wise thinking.
Charlotte Deanna Harper|She was limp and pathetic and woozy and I loved her, I realised, even more because I knew how completely it was doomed.
Lynda Williams|The disciples of the Baal Shem Tov, the founder of Hasidism, tell of a dream he had. In the dream, the very incarnation of the Evil Impulse appears in the form of a sinister heart. The Baal Shem Tov seizes the heart and pounds it furiously. He would destroy evil and redeem the world. As he pummels it, he hears an infant’s sobbing emitted from the heart. He stops beating it. In the midst of evil is a voice of innocence; there is goodness entangled in evil.
BJ the Chicago Kid|A lot of money with the wrong career is not going to make you happy. If you have money without happiness, it doesn't mean anything. It's all about happiness.
Naomi Novik, Black Powder War|The journey as a writer is not so much about our stories, but the stories of others we meet along the way on our wonderful path. #grateful
Albert Camus|He who despairs of the human condition is a coward, but he who has hope for it is a fool.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|Never chase a person, because if they want to be in your life, they will. It amazes me how people go out their way for someone who does nothing for them, doesn't encourage or support their efforts. Stop seeking attention from people who don't give you the time of day. Value your time, comfort your spirit, have peace of mind. There are people who love you and care about you.Give your smiles to them, Reciprocate!
Joe DiMaggio|When I see joggers go by  I shout  "Jim Fixx is dead. Fats Domino lives!"
Allan Savory|At Current, television is all we do - that's our business. We don't have amusement parks I have to worry about, we don't have environmental cases against us, we don't have a series of outdoor-advertising companies.
Tracee Ellis Ross|My mother never wore much make-up, and she was a kind of natural beauty; she knew just how to enhance what she had.
Jieun Baek, North Korea's Hidden Revolution: How the Information Underground Is Transforming a Closed Society|People say mountains change in about ten years. If something as stubborn and mammoth as a mountain can change in a decade, the hearts of ordinary North Koreans can change. I'm sure of it. I'm living proof." --Ha Young, a North Korean defector
Jez Morrow, Force of Law|Law looked dumbstruck, almost angry. He breathed, "Son of a bitch." And to Tom's surprise, Law got down on one knee and took his hand. "Tom, you beloved bastard, I love you. I need you in my life forever. I cannot imagine existence without you. Will you-God please say yes-grant me the honor and the privilege and save my life and marry me?
Valentina Zelyaeva|The 3-hour Diet is absolutely safe - in fact it's not a diet, it's a lifestyle! Once you reach your goal weight, you just adjust the portion sizes slightly to maintain that optimal weight.
Kimberly Derting, The Body Finder|He loved her.Jay Heaton, her best friend since childhood was in love with her. He didn't say it but she knew that it was true.And the part that really freaked her out, the part that caught her completely off guard, is that he wasn't alone. Because even though she'd been denying it for a long, long time, it had always been there... waiting beneath the surface of their friendship. And now that it was out there was no going back. And it was so weird to even be thinking it but...... she was in love with him too.
Ayn Rand, Anthem|After all we'd been through, we still couldn't take our heads from out of our asses or our hands from around each other's throats.
Carol Broad, Living with the Reality of Dissociative Identity Disorder: Campaigning Voices|However, we have to acknowledge that living with DID presents huge challenges; it is complex and complicated. But our diagnosis was the key to us accessing services and funding, which has enabled us to return to life within the community and to have a positive future. We can see constructive, productive elements in our life, and our faith plays a strong part in this.
Nicholas Sparks, The Choice|Three weeks ago, he’d seen hail fall from the sky, onlyto be followed minutes later by a spectacular rainbow that seemed to frame the azalea bushes. The colors, so vivid they seemed almost alive, made him think that nature sometimes sends us signs, that it’s important to remember that joy can always follow despair. But a moment later, the rainbow had vanished and the hail returned, and he realized that joy was sometimes only an illusion.
Hari Kunzru, Gods Without Men|What if one were to want to hunt for these hidden presences? You can’t just rummage around like you’re at a yard sale. You have to listen. You have to pay attention. There are certain things you can’t look at directly. You need to trick them into revealing themselves. That’s what we’re doing with Walter, Jaz. We’re juxtaposing things, listening for echoes. It’s not some silly cybernetic dream of command and control, modeling the whole world so you can predict the outcome. It’s certainly not a theory of everything. I don’t have a theory of any kind. What I have is far more profound.’‘What’s that?’‘A sense of humor.’Jaz looked at him, trying to find a clue in his gaunt face, in the clear gray eyes watching him with such - what? Amusement? Condescension? There was something about the man which brought on a sort of hermeneutic despair. He was a forest of signs.‘We’re hunting for jokes.’ Bachman spoke slowly, as if to a child. ‘Parapraxes. Cosmic slips of the tongue. They’re the key to the locked door. They’ll help us discover it.’‘Discover what?’‘The face of God. What else would we be looking for?
Ramana Pemmaraju|In doing you're not, rather in your non-doing you really are!
Anonymous|I can hear your angered silence,Taste your bitterness.Now I smell your vengeance,Yet see your lonely emptiness.I am your broken heart.
Ann Patchett, Bel Canto|To exist, the triangle demands three complementary elements: love, power and danger. Mixed incautiously, these elements, like those in physics, are volatile and potentially explosive.
Clint Van Winkle, Soft Spots: A Marine's Memoir of Combat and Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder|Most likely, they were writing the same type of macho bullshit that I wrote, trying to sound tough with their words in case words were all that made it home.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|What happens in our hearts is our field of freedom. As long as we carry old wounds and anger in our hearts, we continue to suffer. Forgiveness allows us to move on.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|One day, all your worries will set like the sun does and deserved happiness will come gushing like waves at the beach do. All you need to make sure id that your trips to beach never end.
James Patterson|Bride and groom are not just two contracting parties but two loving and beloved companions, joined in establishing a home that will be nothing less than a source of immortality.
Marc Maron|Sometimes when I really like something, or try to do or experience something, I get all anxious about the end before it even begins. I was doing it again. This is really hard to put into words, but it was as if I was already experiencing the end of the weekend before it had even begun, and it created a lot of anxiety in me. It worried me that I would not get everything out of it that I wanted, or that it would not be all that I had hoped it would be. I was too emotional.
Steven Kotler, Stealing Fire: How Silicon Valley, the Navy SEALs, and Maverick Scientists Are Revolutionizing the Way We Live and Work|When deeply religious subjects view sacred iconography or reflect on their notion of God, brain scans reveal hyperactivity in the caudate nucleus, a part of the pleasure system that correlates with feelings of joy, love, and serenity. But Lindstrom and Calvert found that this same brain region lights up when subjects view images associated with strong brands like Ferrari or Apple.
Stephen King|The writer must have a good imagination to begin with, but the imagination has to be muscular, which means it must be exercised in a disciplined way, day in and day out, by writing, failing, succeeding and revi
Peter Leithart|A Christian who is willing to take up arms against another Christian is a Christian who has traded in his membership in the post-Babel communion of saints for membership in a nation governed by refurbished stoicheic values. They have traded in their loyalty to the temple of the Spirit for loyalty to the flesh. Christians who make war against other Christians are Galatians, bewitched by the lure of patriotism, which is simply the lure of flesh. They are no longer in the ranks of the Spirit.
Brandon R. Chinn, Third Trial|I have knowledge; I'm responsible. If I sit by and do nothing while I have the ability to change, to help, then I'm just as much a criminal as any. Power begets responsibility...You should know that.
Jack Kerouac, The Portable Jack Kerouac|I have lots of things to teach you now, in case we ever meet, concerning the message that was transmitted to me under a pine tree in North Carolina on a cold winter moonlit night. It said that Nothing Ever Happened, so don't worry. It's all like a dream. Everything is ecstasy, inside. We just don't know it because of our thinking-minds. But in our true blissful essence of mind is known that everything is alright forever and forever and forever. Close your eyes, let your hands and nerve-ends drop, stop breathing for 3 seconds, listen to the silence inside the illusion of the world, and you will remember the lesson you forgot, which was taught in immense milky way soft cloud innumerable worlds long ago and not even at all. It is all one vast awakened thing. I call it the golden eternity. It is perfect. We were never really born, we will never really die. It has nothing to do with the imaginary idea of a personal self, other selves, many selves everywhere: Self is only an idea, a mortal idea. That which passes into everything is one thing. It's a dream already ended. There's nothing to be afraid of and nothing to be glad about. I know this from staring at mountains months on end. They never show any expression, they are like empty space. Do you think the emptiness of space will ever crumble away? Mountains will crumble, but the emptiness of space, which is the one universal essence of mind, the vast awakenerhood, empty and awake, will never crumble away because it was never born.
Stephen King, The Stand|He didn’t like the way things were going.There were bad omens in the wind, evil portents like bats fluttering in the dark loft of a deserted barn.
Jeremy Scott|I graduated from Academy of Fashion and Costume Design in Rome. At first, I thought I was going to be a costume designer for films, and then I ended up working in fashion - not as a designer, but mostly as a model.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|None of us have reached the peak of perfection, but it shouldn’t stop anyone from trying to make the climb.
Marcus Garvey|And suns grow meek, and the meek suns grow brief, and the year smiles as it draws near its death.
Wayne Chirisa|Ladies & GentlemanIf you were happy before him/her, you definitely can be happy without him/her. Don't cry.
Bruce Lengeman, To Kill A Lion|When her mouth found mine I disassembled. Not exploded like a bomb or anything, but came apart. A few pieces at a time. They floated away, went into a kind of orbit. A splintering galaxy. An extravagant slow motion annihilation. The only center was her mouth, her hair. It was her. A reconstitution around the core of her.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|I have fallen,for your words.They are like,a gossamer cobweb,I have been,embroiled,decoyed,snared into!Incapacitated.I fail to escape.I fail to liberate.Your words,didn't redeem,made me a,captive instead.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|By speaking in a competent and confident way, your message will sound more relevant and appropriate, reflecting you in a favorable light.
I Ching|And when two people understand each other in their inmost hearts,Their words are sweet and strong like the fragrance of orchids.
Sherrod Brown|Year after year, President Bush has broken his campaign promises on college aid. And year after year, the Republican leadership in Congress has let him do it.
John Fowles, The French Lieutenant's Woman|And just then it crossed my mind that one might fire, or not fire—and it would come to absolutely the same thing.
Jared C. Wilson, The Storytelling God: Seeing the Glory of Jesus in His Parables|The ruach blows wherever it pleases. You hear its sound, but cannot tell from where it comes or where it goes. God is He, He is Ruach (Spirit) and Ruach is speaking to our ruach (spirit) revealing great mysteries, knowledge, wisdom, understanding and joy.
Maajid Nawaz|It’s never easy to stand when the storm hits. And that’s exactly the point. By sending the wind, He brings us to our knees: the perfect position to pray.
Edgar Rice Burroughs, The Warlord of Mars|Oh,” Obliteration continued, “I think that you’ll find a man can do many things thought impossible, if he tries hard enough.
Joanna Russ, The Female Man|There is the vanity training, the obedience training, the self-effacement training, the deference training, the dependency training, the passivity training, the rivalry training, the stupidity training, the placation training. How am I to put this together with my human life, my intellectual life, my solitude, my transcendence, my brains, and my fearful, fearful ambition? I failed miserably and thought it was my own fault. You can't unite woman and human any more than you can unite matter and anti-matter; they are designed to not to be stable together and they make just as big an explosion inside the head of the unfortunate girl who believes in both.
Malti Bhojwani, thankfulness appreciation gratitude - my journal|I am grateful for the grace to see, to hear, to talk, to feel, to smell, to taste and to walk.
ejump - 2017|I can say im not a wise guy, but i know something about this - key of happiness? Its getting the things that i want most and never letting it go, indeed there is a 'high price' but it is worth paying for (Ejump,2017)
Lewis Thomas, The Medusa and the Snail: More Notes of a Biology Watcher|It is not the organs—that is, the character and form of the animal's bodily parts—that have given rise to its habits and particular structures. It is the habits and manner of life and the conditions in which its ancestors lived that have in the course of time fashioned its bodily form, its organs and qualities.
Namsoon Kang, Cosmopolitan Theology: Reconstituting Planetary Hospitality, Neighbor-Love, and Solidarity in an Uneven World|One should regard one's religious or denominational affiliation as a point of departure, a point of entry, not the point of arrival because on cannot confine God to a particular religion or faith tradition, and therefore should not claim one's exclusive ownership of God. Regarding one's religious or denominational affiliation as _accidentality_; not as _inevitability_, is important in religious discourse and practice because such a sense of _accidentality_ of one's affiliation allows a space of _alterity_ of reciprocal contestation and challenge, and a space of planetary gaze that sees others as fellow human beings, _regardless_.
Hope Solo|I've been a Colt for almost all of my adult life, but I guess in life, and in sports, we all know nothing lasts forever. Times change, circumstances change, and that's the reality of playing in the NFL.
Dr. Seuss|It's not about what it is, but about what it can become.
Albert Einstein|We know from daily life that we exist for other people first of all, for whose smiles and well-being our own happiness depends.
Ray Davies|Make sure you never, never argue at night. You just lose a good night's sleep, and you can't settle anything until morning anyway.
Chyler Leigh|What is man without the beasts? For if all the beast were gone, man would die of a great loneliness of the spirit.
Shannon L. Alder|What if you were wrong? What if everything you ever believed was a lie? What if you missed your opportunity because you didn't know your worth? What if you settled on familiar, but God was trying to give you something better? What if you decided not to go backwards, but forward? What if doing what you have never done before was the answer to everything that didn't make sense? What if the answer wasn't to be found in words, but in action? What if you found the courage to do what you really wanted to do and doing it changed your whole life?
Melody Beattie|Unfortunately, we don't get a second chance. We've already played them twice.
Bill Maher|I feel that some people have a hard time with the truths around us, not only the sexual abuse by priests, but all bad things. I call it chosen ignorance. This modified form of ignorance is found in people who, if confronted with certain truths realize that they have to accept them and thereby acknowledge evil, and that scares them. Opening up and letting the truth in might knock them off their perceived center. It is too hard, period.
Perry Brass|If you are what you eat, then why aren’t you what you desire?"Desire stands in the great no-man’s land of human activity: the zone of most conflict, fear, and anxiety. It scares us. We are often asked to hate it—by those who claim to have given it up for “better” things, and who often, hypocritically, haven’t.
Francesca Lia Block, Wasteland|Love the animals. God has given them the rudiments of thought and joy untroubled. Don't trouble it, don't harass them, don't deprive them of their happiness, don't work against God's intent.
Jay Michaelson, Evolving Dharma: Meditation, Buddhism, and the Next Generation of Enlightenment|It is possible to refine awareness itself so much that the emptiness of things, and the role mental construction plays, becomes a directly apprehended reality.
P. T. Barnum|Almost every morning I write in my journal. I've been keeping it for a long time - I've filled more than 50 books. I write about what's going on in my personal and spiritual life or what's going on at work. It helps me keep things in perspective, especially when things get crazy or I get stressed or we have obstacles.
Rachel Heffington|And you will not hurt him anymore. Not one of you. Because I am his protector. His rear guard. I am his" -Tara Reese
David McCullough, John Adams|Every time government attempts to handle our affairs, it costs more and the results are worse than if we had handled them ourselves.
Bill Blais, No Good Deed|We fight monsters and unholy creatures for a living here. Grotesque, evil, violent, dangerous; they’re certainly all these things. And yet, we somehow manage to go to sleep each night and wake up each morning. The terror wears off. What was horrific becomes mundane. We lose ourselves to a numbed normalcy after a while, a self-inflicted detachment. You forget how you got here, what it was like before. And then someone comes along, someone new, someone who sees it all with fresh eyes, and it snaps you out of your daily coma, reminding you of what you’ve forgotten. Of what you’ve become.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Living is a process of developing oneself. Without experiencing pain from disconcerting periods of our lives, we would be different person, perhaps a lesser person.
Frédéric Gros, A Philosophy of Walking|Perhaps the itinerant monks called ‘Gyrovagues’ were especially responsible for promoting this view of our condition as eternal strangers. They journeyed ceaselessly from monastery to monastery, without fixed abode, and they haven’t quite disappeared, even today: it seems there are still a handful tramping Mount Athos. They walk for their entire lives on narrow mountain paths, back and forth on a long repeated round, sleeping at nightfall wherever their feet have taken them; they spend their lives murmuring prayers on foot, walk all day without destination or goal, this way or that, taking branching paths at random, turning, returning, without going anywhere, illustrating through endless wandering their condition as permanent strangers in this profane world.
Shawn Michaels|I am huge water sports fan. I love to jet ski, speedboat, water ski. So I love to get away to somewhere sunny and just get on the water and have some fun with some friends.
Donald Miller, Scary Close: Dropping the Act and Finding True Intimacy|As soon as (Teddy Roosevelt) received an assignment for a paper or project, he would set to work, never leaving anything to the last minute. Prepared so far ahead "freed his mind" from worry and facilitated fresh, lucid thought.
Charmaine J Forde|No matter how shitty things are, you can always get a song out of it.
Cindy Williams|Football fans share a universal language that cuts across many cultures and many personality types. A serious football fan is never alone. We are legion, and football is often the only thing we have in common.
Stephen Richards, Boost Your Self Esteem|If someone does not consider those around them to be valuable and hold only themselves in high regard, they too have a very bad self-esteem.
Julie Connor, Dreams to Action Trailblazer's Guide|I am a believer in sensible choices, so different from many of my own. Also in sensible names for children.
Lance Morcan, The Orphan Conspiracies: 29 Conspiracy Theories from The Orphan Trilogy|The Media and the internet have taken up the responsibility of molding the young ones amongst us, leaving us to pursuethe careers we treasure.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Don't expect others to hand success to you. Create it - with heart, energy and enterprise - and you'll make it come true
Randa Abdel-Fattah|I believe that everyone can appreciate the right of a family to grieve the loss of a loved one in peace, regardless of anyone's position on the war in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Stephen Crane, The Red Badge of Courage|Camp fires, like red, peculiar blossoms, dotted the night.
Auliq-Ice|Well, they say there is no real faith without doubt.
Michael Meade, The Genius Myth|Each young person is a poet of sorts, trying to sort out the poetics of their inner life and its relation to the great world around it. Each elder is a philosopher of sorts, trying to sort out the meanings and gleanings of a life as well as the necessary implications of the presence of death.
James P. Hoffa|I covered the Vietnam War. I remember the lies that were told, the lives that were lost - and the shock when, twenty years after the war ended, former Defense Secretary Robert S. McNamara admitted he knew it was a mistake all along.
Elizabeth Scott, Something, Maybe|And you… do you know what you are?”“Stupid?”“Beautiful,” he says, his face turning red.
Henry Paulson|Get used to dealing with failure as long as it doesn't hurt people around you, as long as it doesn't hurt you physically, or it doesn't hurt you so much that you can't pick yourself up.
Kate DiCamillo|Alice suspected Paul couldn’t really picture his father, just like she couldn’t picture Paul when he was away. Maybe that was the case with people you wanted more than was good for you.
Kristin Cashore|The Pavilion did not burn by lightening," she said.He hesitated again. "It holds the memory of fire," he said at last. "Lightening is young and strong and thoughtless, but it could also wish to visit the site of some particular victory of one of its kind--as a young soldier recently commissioned might visit the scene of some great battle--
Janne Teller, Nothing|From the moment we are born, we begin to die.
William Shakespeare, Richard III|So wise so young, they say, do never live long.
Michelle Horst, Wake Me Up|It's the easiest thing in the world to be kind to someone, to show love, to forgive. You are born with this instinct - it should be your first reaction. NOT violence, anger and hatred! That is something we are taught, it's a Choice You Make.
Pearl Zhu, Digital Master: Debunk the Myths of Enterprise Digital Maturity|Agile and DevOps are for harnessing integration, interaction, and innovation.
Kylie Gilmore, Daisy Does It All|I'd rather have weeks, days, hours with you happy and content than a lifetime filled with regret.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Our unity will always be a greater force with mixed ideals than if we demand that others change for us, to what we believe.
Susan Reynolds|Reading literary fiction stimulates cognition beyond the brain functions related to reading, say, magazine articles, interviews, or most online nonfiction reporting.
Debasish Mridha|Be authentic, not a copycat.
Rebecca Ruter Springer, My Dream of Heaven|One should have expected some terrible enormities charged to those who are excluded from heaven, as the reason; but no,—they are condemned for not doing positive good, as if that included every possible harm.
Leslie Connor|You are always going to love him, she said " You're stuck with that.
Hippocrates|Words began to feel as weightless as the breath that carried. Stepping back, I realized that I was merely confirming what I already knew: I wanted that direct experience. It was only in practicing medicine that I could pursue a serious biological philosophy. Moral speculation was puny compared to moral action.
Kaza Kingsley, The Three Furies|That’s all there is to life, you know. Fun things, we just need to remember to enjoy them or we waste it all.
Halldór Laxness, The Fish Can Sing|Eins var algengt hjá okkur ef spurt var um líðan einhvers manns: iss hann er feitur; en það þýddi að honum liði vel, eða einsog sagt mundi vera í Danmörku, að hann væri hamingjusamur. Ef einhverjum leið illa, þá var sagt sem svo: æ það hálfsér á honum; og væri sá nær dauða en lífi sem um var rætt, þá var sagt: æ það er í er í honum einhver lurða. Ef einhver var um það bil að verða ellidauður, þá var sagt: æjá hann er hættur að bleyta smjörið. Um þann sem lá banaleguna var sagt: já hann er nú að berja nestið auminginn. Um dauðvona ungling var sagt að það liti ekki út fyrir að hann ætti að kemba hærurnar.
Amit Kalantri|When you are lonely for a while don't get restless, if you had born alone, you are going to die alone then for sometime you can certainly live alone.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|No." Magnus strode toward him. "I didn't call you because I'm tired of you only wanting me around when you need something. I'm tired of watching you be in love with someone else-someone, incidentally, who will never love you back. Not the way I do.
David Wolfe, Longevity Now: A Comprehensive Approach to Healthy Hormones, Detoxification, Super Immunity, Reversing Calcification, and Total Rejuvenation|You know what feels good to most of us when these obstacles, stresses and concerns consume us? Eating a dozen, warm chocolate chip cookies.Sure, there's always a time for chocolate chip cookies, but they aren't a solution to our problems. Neither is skipping the gym. Abandoning yet another weight loss attempt because life got too hard shouldn't be an option. It's no doubt annoying to have to count calories and keep burning calories when the world is going to hell around us, but it's important to keep perspective if you're actually going to be successful in losing weight. The perspective is that even through the pain and discomfort from a death, move, job loss, or general stress might last weeks, months, or even years, it is all temporary. Good health is, too.
Bill Bryson, At Home: A Short History of Private Life|It is not as if farming brought a great improvement in living standards either. A typical hunter-gatherer enjoyed a more varied diet and consumed more protein and calories than settled people, and took in five times as much viatmin C as the average person today.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Use and Misuse of Children|Many a survivor of a plane crash who is or was against cannibalism and had never eaten human flesh once found themselves in a situation where they had to either eat human flesh, or go the way of all flesh.
Katherine McIntyre, An Airship Named Desire|It was the United States of America in the cold late spring of 1967, and the market was steady and the G.N.P. high and a great many articulate people seemed to have a sense of high social purpose and it might have been a spring of brave hopes and national promise, but it was not, and more and more people had the uneasy apprehension that it was not.
Gyula Illyés, Once Upon a Time: Forty Hungarian Folk-Tales|There is a folk-tale about a shoemaker and his wife who were so poor that they had to send their many children out into the world to make a living. The lads went through many a perilous adventure but came home in the end, unscathed, to help their mother. They had always remembered their mother's advice and wise words; they often quoted them when they were in trouble, and in fact they recognized one another by them in foreign lands.The countless peoples of the world may be looked upon as so many children sent out into the world. They have gone through many adventures and hardships. They have drifted apart and fallen out with one another, on many occasions. They have failed to realize soon enough that they are brothers.But now it seems that they are beginning to realize this -- at least to the extent that they are able to get acquainted with each other's fundamental natures -- through their stories and songs.
Shahid Khan|For in reason, all government without the consent of the governed is the very definition of slavery.
L.J. Kentowski, Seeker of Fate|I was ashamed by my vulnerability. Nergal had really broken me. I tried so hard to stay strong, but my body couldn’t handle my determination. Eventually, I gave in to what I thought was my ultimate demise. Although my body was still weak, one look at my savior refreshed my will to live, to be strong. I looked longingly into the depths of his eyes, trying to convey my love for him, but there was no way to show how my heart beat just for him. He wasn’t my soul mate, he was my soul.
Deepak Chopra, The Book of Secrets: Unlocking the Hidden Dimensions of Your Life|The time is a critical one, for it marks the beginning of the second half of life, when a metanoia, a mental transformation, not infrequently occurs.(on being 36 yrs old)
T.S. Eliot, Four Quartets|It is always the little things that build up. Often there is no dramatic reason for discontent in marriages. It seeps in slowly over the years. You don't even notice it creeping in. It happens, trickle by trickle. You do not realise when or how the easy familiarity gets replaced by a 'taken-for-granted' attitude over the years. By the time you do, it is often late. Habits have been formed, patterns have been set. And a comfort-zone have been established. A zone that is hard to get out of.
Janet Fitch, White Oleander|Most Sexiest Moment is "CELEBRATION
Benny Bellamacina|If everyone wants to be somebody, I want to be somebody else
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Self-censorship is more efficient than any police. You write and say not what you really think, but what you believe is acceptable. By that process we lose those revolutionary ideas that could change society for the better
Chistopher McDougall|In my quest to find Green Cottenham, I also discovered an unsettling truth that when white Americans frankly peel back the layers of our commingled pasts, we are all marked by it. Whether a company or an individual, we are marred either by our connections to the specific crimes and injuries of our fathers and their fathers. Or we are tainted by the failures of our fathers to fulfill our national credos when their courage was most needed. We are formed in molds twisted by the gifts we received at the expense of others. It is not our "fault". But it is undeniably our inheritance.
Louis Leterrier|There were two things going on: 1) I had already established in my own mind where I wanted to go with the next series, and having James around as a Grey Eminence would have complicated matters. He had had an amazing life and it was time to bid him good-bye.
Linden Morningstar, The Starlight Prophecy|Lyn, this was the “Aha!” moment when Desta found another astonishing skeleton. Remarkably, it appeared utterly human but existed before humans walked the Earth. Clutched in its hand a small sphere attached to an elaborate gold necklace. The sphere was not like any material on Earth. Remember when I told you our origins might lie in the stars? Well, I think we found the answer in the Afar desertMax
Gregory Maguire, A Lion Among Men|The momentum of the mind can be vexingly, involuntarily capricious.
Erin O'Connor|My parents had chosen the medical profession for me. I even studied a few semesters at St Xavier's College, but at the back of my mind, I always wanted to be a musician like my father.
Gustave Flaubert|I wear my wedding ring. We talk about when we're going to get married again, which we hope is going to take place some time in this incredibly hectic calendar year.
Molly Harper, Nice Girls Don't Have Fangs|What was that?" Rich combined the pain of a crooked arm with the indignity of a flicked ear. I could only hope the situation didn't escalate to the dreaded purple nurple.
Judd Trichter, Love in the Age of Mechanical Reproduction|Taking a chance on a new author, can open your mind to new experiences.
Alan Lightman|I would like to find a stew that will give me heartburn immediately, instead of at three o clock in the morning.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|He saw either death or the approach of it everywhere. But his undertaking now occupied him all the more. He had to live his life to the end, until death came. Darkness covered everything for him; but precisely because of this darkness he felt that his undertaking was the only guiding thread in this darkness, and he seized it and held on to it with all his remaining strength.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|try to visualize all the streams of human interaction, of communication. All those linking streams flowing in and between people, through text, pictures, spoken words and TV commentaries, streams through shared memories, casual relations, witnessed events, touching pasts and futures, cause and effect. Try to see this immense latticework of lakes and flowing streams, see the size and awesome complexity of it. This huge rich environment. This waterway paradise of all information and identities and societies and selves.
Mary Webb, Precious Bane|I thought she had a good heart, though not much respectability- or maybe it was because of that.
Laurel A. Rockefeller, The Ghosts of the Past|He was a strong and noble lord with piercing eyes of grey. He sat upon his noble throne shining like the dawn. His sword flashed like the brightest star. He led our people well. Yet here and now he lays in blood pierced with arrows. He was the friend of many knights. He loved the warrior games. His heart was won by a lady fair for marriage they did wait. A kindly prince, his duty carried him to another's bed. And on her death true love returned, finally they wed. He felt the grief of children lost to murder and to pain. I was the youngest of his blood. I'll never be the same. Here lays my father and my lord. I know not what to say. Except my father and my lord was slain here on this day. Here lays my father and my lord. I know not what to say. Except my father and my lord was slain here on this day….
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|Roses! I swear you men have all your romance from the same worn book. Flowers are a good thing, a sweet thing to give a lady. But it is always roses, always red, and always perfect hothouse blooms when they can come by them.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|Block of wood, gives you a big bunch of paper, but it doesn't make it worthy as a piece of mind on single paper.
Graydon Carter|War is just a racket. A racket is best described, I believe, as something that is not what it seems to the majority of people. Only a small inside group knows what it is about. It is conducted for the benefit of the very few at the expense of the masses.
Thornton Wilder, The Ides of March|Life is change. If you aren't growing and evolving, you're standing still, and the rest of the world is surging ahead.
Toni Sorenson|The most destructive thing we can possibly do in life is to make another person doubt his worth and identity as a child of God. The very most productive thing we can do is to help ourselves and others realize that as children of God, our worth is infinite.
T. Boone Pickens|The Texas Commission on Environmental Quality - what a joke. In my district, we caught them lying to us about the results of air quality studies in the Barnett Shale. They are playing with the health and safety of our communities, and we are going to tell them that is not acceptable.
Blake Lively|The former colonies, in Latin America in particular, have a better chance than ever before to overcome centuries of subjugation, violence and foreign intervention, which they have so far survived as dependencies with islands of luxury in a sea of misery.
Criss Jami, Healology|Together, we form a necessary paradox; not a senseless contradiction.
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|Thus, on a functional level, your meditation triggers the corresponding neurobiological networks that are responsible for eliciting health effects.
Beth Harbison, Chose the Wrong Guy, Gave Him the Wrong Finger|Just a perfect day, problems all left alone.
Dougie Brimson, Wings of a Sparrow|Well we certainly don't want to see that kind of thing,’ admonished Jeff Stelling. ‘Did it calm down?’‘No,’ shouted Kamara. ‘It got worse. The police were just getting involved when the chairman was hit by a pie thrown from the crowd.’‘Was he injured?’ asked Stelling, struggling to suppress a giggle.‘I don’t think so,’ laughed Kamara. ‘He sat down and started eating it!
Barbara Avon, Briana's Bistro|When we squander the moments of our lives, Peter, we are spending the most valuable currency.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Feeling guilt dims our light. Instead of dimming our light to make others feel more comfortable, we could just continue to shine and foster the rise of the vibrations of those around us.Being Happy and Feeling Good does not mean you have no compassion for the misery of those around you. It simply means you won’t dim your light to make them feel comfortable – instead, you’re going to help light the way.At first, your light may be a bit too bright for others and it may hurt their eyes, yet it’s far better to shine rather than to hide your light. When you hide your light for too long, it extinguishes and you slip right back into darkness…unable to find your way until someone ‘shiny’ comes along to light your way and help you to find the light you still possess within, your Soul’s Magnificence.
Melissa de la Cruz, The Ring and the Crown|Magic is an honor, until it's a shackle.
Daniel Nayeri, Another Faust|But if there was a protocol for how to say goodbye to your newly ex-boyfriend's brother, right after you kissed him and probably sent your ex into the arms of his willing ex-girlfriend, I didn't know what it was.
H. Jackson Brown Jr.|When someone hugs you, let them be the first to let go.
Ken Hollings, Welcome to Mars: Politics, Pop Culture, and Weird Science in 1950s America|Reported sightings of UFOs are tailing off. With public interest declining and subscriptions dwindling, NICAP and APRO start to compete with each other over membership. The open-minded middle ground is stretched to breaking point, caught between the hardware of scientific detail and the extreme fantasies of contact.
Susan Goldsmith Wooldridge, Poemcrazy: Freeing Your Life with Words|Everything had become song. The curve of the road beneath the clouds here, and there the strokes of dark earth, the green and the gray, the torn pink of clay and gravel under fingertips. The consonance was above all that of the muffled shadow and grass to the depths of sky, where a flutter of cheerful feathers quivered.In these dreams there are also black walnut trees, and then a forest that opens in a breeze. Nothing. Nothing more than the obstinate sound of wind.
Carl Sandburg|I can't understand Urdu, Bahasa or Russian, but when the Pakistani Faiz, the Indonesian Rendra and the Russian Rosdentvensky declaim, I can feel the living throb of rhythm and music, the warmth and passion of their poetry, as do the hundreds, not a mere roomful, of poetry lovers in the audience.
Dejan Stojanovic|Too often, feelings arrive too soon, waiting for thoughts that often come too late.
Jason Letts|I used to think that if I were a certain kind of person I would spend all my time creating something beautiful. Well, it turns out I am, and I am.
Ayn Rand, Capitalism: The Unknown Ideal|Since knowledge, thinking, and rational action are properties of the individual, since the choice to exercise his rational faculty or not depends on the individual, man’s survival requires that those who think be free of the interference of those who don’t. Since men are neither omniscient nor infallible, they must be free to agree or disagree, to cooperate or to pursue their own independent course, each according to his own rational judgment. Freedom is the fundamental requirement of man’s mind.A rational mind does not work under compulsion; it does not subordinate its grasp of reality to anyone’s orders, directives, or controls; it does not sacrifice its knowledge, its view of the truth, to anyone’s opinions, threats, wishes, plans, or “welfare.” Such a mind may be hampered by others, it may be silenced, proscribed, imprisoned, or destroyed; it cannot be forced; a gun is not an argument. (An example and symbol of this attitude is Galileo.)It is from the work and the inviolate integrity of such minds—from the intransigent innovators—that all of mankind’s knowledge and achievements have come. (See The Fountainhead.) It is to such minds that mankind owes its survival. (See Atlas Shrugged.)
Hill Harper|If I could have had everything exactly the way I wanted, this is how I would have written it down. Win all my fights in the first round, then go to the UFC and headline a show, and have it as a pay-per-view and at home. People's dreams don't come true like that.
Alan Bradley, I Am Half-Sick of Shadows|The vicar's organized a snow-shoveling party.""But why?" I asked.It didn't make sense. If all the roads were closed, what use was it clearing a way to the front door?"Because," said Aunt Felicity's voice behind me, "it is a well-known fact that more than two men shut up together in an enclosed space for more than an hour constitute a hazard to society. If unpleasantness is to be avoided, they must be made to go outdoors and work off their animal spirits.
Liza Palmer, Nowhere But Home|It’s what we’re all trying to do, right? Remember a time that was better. Re-create a moment of that memory as we let the crisp Coke bubble down our throats. Riding bikes on a summer day. Sitting on the curb and watching the streetlights come on. Playing in the sprinklers with a group of neighbor kids. We’re all trying to salvage a time when we dreamed beyond our reality and thought monsters were under our beds instead of peppering our family trees. We’re trying to harness those fleeting moments that turned our ordinary lives into something extraordinary. In the sepia haze of those memories, we are beautiful.
Germaine Greer, The Whole Woman|The most cursory examination of even the most progressive organs of information reveals a curious inability to recognize women as newsmakers, unless they are young or married to a head of state or naked or pregnant by some triumph of technology or perpetrators or victims of some hideous crime or any combiniation of the above. Women's issues are often disguised as people issues, unless they are relegated to the women's pages which amazingly still suvive. Senior figures are all male; even the few women who are deemed worthy of obituaries are shown in images from their youth, as if the last fourty years of their lives have been without achievement of any kind. If you analyse the by-lines in your morning paper, you will see that the senior editorial staff are all older men, supported by a rabble of junior females, the infinitely replacesable 'hackettes'.
Alexandre Dumas|From his corner office on the ground floor of the St. Cyril station house, Inspector Dick has a fine view of the parking lot. Six Dumpsters plated and hooped like iron maidens against bears. Beyond the Dumpsters a subalpine meadow, and then the snow¬ capped ghetto wall that keeps the Jews at bay. Dick is slouched against the back of his two-thirds-scale desk chair, arms crossed, chin sunk to his chest, star¬ing out the casement window. Not at the mountains or the meadow, grayish green in the late light, tufted with wisps of fog, or even at the armored Dumpsters. His gaze travels no farther than the parking lot—no farther than his 1961 Royal Enfield Crusader. Lands¬man recognizes the expression on Dick's face. It's the expression that goes with the feeling Landsman gets when he looks at his Chevelle Super Sport, or at the face of Bina Gelbfish. The face of a man who feels he was born into the wrong world. A mistake has been made; he is not where he belongs. Every so often he feels his heart catch, like a kite on a telephone wire, on something that seems to promise him a home in the world or a means of getting there. An American car manufactured in his far-off boyhood, say, or a motor¬cycle that once belonged to the future king of England, or the face of a woman worthier than himself of being loved.
D.A. Carson, A Call to Spiritual Reformation: Priorities from Paul and His Prayers|The Christian's whole desire, at its best and highest, is that Jesus Christ be praised. It is always a wretched bastardization of our goals when we want to win glory for ourselves instead of for him.
Grigoris Deoudis|Without Psychological Evolution there cannot be any form of revolution. The self is constantly changing. Be involved, be evolved, be revolutionized as lucent and fresh as the new wave hitting at the shore. Become the Sea of Changes. It starts from within.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Begin to read, write, sing, dance, study, draw…!
Justine Dell, All-American Girl|Hey, you’re the one who can’t stand me being so close to you.
Amit Ray, Mindfulness Living in the Moment - Living in the Breath|It's not that God, the environment, and other people cannot help us to be happy or find satisfaction. It's just that our happiness, satisfaction, and our understanding, even of God, will be no deeper than our capacity to know ourselves inwardly, to encounter the world from the deep comfort that comes from being at home in one's own skin, from an intimate familiarity with the ways of one's own mind and body.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|Mundus vult decipi'—the world wants to be deceived. To live without deception presupposes standards beyond the reach of most people whose existence is largely shaped by compromise, evasion and mutual accommodation. Could they face their weakness, their vanity and selfishness, without a mask?
Dalai Lama XIV|Life is as dear to a mute creature as it is to man. Just as one wants happiness and fears pain, just as one wants to live and not die, so do other creatures.
Harbhajan Singh|Fitness is defined differently by everyone, but for me, the most important thing is being healthy. As tennis players, what we do is not the healthiest thing. We almost abuse our bodies.
Jacqueline Ripstein, The Art of HealingArt: The Keys to Power and Awareness|Through depression and many other dark low emotions, our Light dims and our immune system declines along with it. White blood cells are the physical Light of our body.Colors can be used to heal, restore and to uplift us.
Simone de Beauvoir, The Ethics of Ambiguity|Deep down, it's all baseball, no matter what kind of geometrical shape you play it with.
Elizabeth Harmon, Pairing Off|In a world of pushing, shoving, striving to get ahead at all costs people; to those who knew him well, John Mann was a breath of fresh air.
Julian Barnes, The Sense of an Ending|History isn't the lies of the victors, as I once glibly assured Old Joe Hunt; I know that now. It's more the memories of the survivors, most of whom are neither victorious or defeated.
Ibrahim Rugova|But, I would be naive not to recognize the number of musicians who tell me they have been influenced by me and sight me - as well as Alex and Neil - as a musician who has been a positive influence on their playing.
Laurie Halse Anderson, Chains|Melancholy held me hostage, and the bees built a hive of sadness in my soul.
Meg Whitman|Be skeptical of concepts that divorce war from its political nature, particularly those that promise fast, cheap victory through technology.
Marilyn Suttle|If you take the approach of “earning” your customers’ business every day and treating them well, they’re less likely to try someone else.
Ace Antonio Hall|Acknowledging awesomeness is powerful, contagious, important and necessary!
Marcey Shapiro, Freedom From Anxiety: A Holistic Approach to Emotional Well-Being|DONNA: "She said she knew it in her heart. Do you know how many times I've been wrong about things I knew in my heart?
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Air freshener is man’s pitiful attempt to have his food smell as good, after digestion, as they did, before ingestion.
Valdas Partee|When life, inspiration, and pen meet.
Neal Stephenson, Anathem|The biggest machines, in those days, were already pushing the limits of what could be constructed on Arbre with reasonable amounts of money.""I hadn't known that," I said. "I always tend to assume there's an infinite amount of money out there.""There might as well be," Arsibalt said, "but most of it gets spent on pornography, sugar water, and bombs. There is only so much that can be scraped together for particle accelerators.
Dick Gregory|I have learned that only two things are necessary to keep one's wife happy. First, let her think she's having her own way. And second, let her have it.
Red Tash, Troll Or Derby|Fairy tales have always been about getting through the worst of everything, the darkest and the deepest and the bloodiest of events. They are about surviving, and what you look like when you emerge from the trial. The reason we keep telling fairy tales over and over, that we need to keep telling them, is that the trials change. So the stories change too, and the heroines and villains and magical objects, to keep them true. Fairy tales are the closets where the world keeps its skeletons.
Debasish Mridha|Peace is not only the absence of war, but the presence of harmony.
Anthony T. Hincks|I can't give you my beating heart, but I can give you my unconditional love.
R.D. Blackmore, Lorna Doone|There was power all around, that power and that goodness, which make us come, as it were, outside our bodily selves, to share them. Over and beside us breathes the joy of hope and promise; under foot are troubles past; in the distance bowering newness tempts us ever forward. We quicken with largesse of life, and spring with vivid mystery.
Émile Zola, Thérèse Raquin|He knew that, from now on, every day would be alike, that they would all bring the same sufferings. And he saw the weeks, the months, the years that awaited him, gloomy and implacable, coming one after the other, falling on him and suffocating him bit by bit. When the future is without hope, the present takes on a vile, bitter taste.
James Comey|Humans are unbelievably data efficient. You don't have to drive 1 million miles to drive a car, but the way we teach a self-driving car is have it drive a million miles.
Mark Shriver|My mom makes something called green pie, which I thought was a delicacy that many people only had at Thanksgiving, but it turns out it was just Jell-O with whipped cream on it. And it's delicious.
Raymond Carver, Short Cuts: Selected Stories|Though I had no respect for Jack Lewis, I respected the hole in his chest. He was dying, and you owe the dying your attention.
Kylie Jenner|Our goal is to desperately make the best products we can. We're not naive. We trust that if we're successful and we make good products, that people will like them. And we trust that if people like them, they'll buy them. And we figured out the operation and we're effective. We know what we're doing, so we'll make money, but it's a consequence.
Nikki Rowe|I can't help but feel, across oceans and vast fields we will connect again. What we share is too rare to let go of for good but sometimes we have to accept, the timing isn't right.
Jeffrey Eugenides, The Marriage Plot|As they were walking, a beggar came up, holding his hand out and crying, "Baksheesh! Baksheesh!"Mike kept on going but Mitchell stopped. Digging into his pocket, he pulled out twenty paise and placed it in the beggar's dirty hand.Mike said, "I used to give to beggars when I first came here. But then I realized, it's hopeless. It never stops.""Jesus said you should give to whoever asks you," Mitchell said."Yeah, well," Mike said, "obviously Jesus was never in Calcutta.
Alice Hoffman, The River King|I hate tears,it makes it easy to forget someone.
Rufus Wainwright|I'm very much a romantic. I'm highly attuned to an older sensibility, which I believe is alive and well. We're not that far ahead of the Romantic Age in society.
Buddhadeva Bose|Doing this was likewading and then throwing yourself into the lake for the first icy swim, in June. A sickening shock at first, then amazement thatyou were still moving, lifted up on a stream of steely devotion—calm above the surface of your life, surviving, though the pain ofthe cold continued to wash into your body.
Edward Rutherfurd, London|Always remember this, Henri. Men trade for profit. They are driven by greed. But debt is about fear, and fear is stronger than greed. The true power, the weapon that defeats all others, is debt. Fools search for gold. The wise man studies debt. That is the key to all business.
C. JoyBell C.|Visit the port of goodness often; if you can, cast your anchor over there!
Roman Payne|But you're dead," said Harry."Oh yes," said Dumbledore matter-of-factly."Then...I'm dead too?""Ah," said Dumbledore, smiling still more broadly. "That is the question, isn't it? On the whole, dear boy, I think not.”They looked at each other, the old man still beaming."Not?" repeated Harry."Not," said Dumbledore."But…" Harry raised his hand instinctively toward the lightning scar. It did not seem to be there. "But I should have died—I didn't defend myself! I meant to let him kill me!""And that," said Dumbledore, "will, I think, have made all the difference.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|Come unto me, all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest. Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me; for I am meek and lowly in heart: and ye shall find rest unto your souls. For my yoke is easy, and my burden is light.
Anuradha Bhattacharyya, One Word|Man is made by his belief. As he believes, so he is
Donna Woolfolk Cross, Pope Joan|She shrieks above the din. "If you wish a battle, I shall give it. I am the last of my kind. I shall not lie down without a fight.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|Academically brilliant persons usually make excellent managers and bureaucrats as they can efficiently implement the vision of the government or world leaders by following the prescribed methods. However, they may prove to be poor leaders, for they may not have taken the pain to understand the world on their own, and hence, cannot contribute any new thought or line of action to tackle new problems.
Rainbow Rowell, Attachments|I didn't plan it," she said. "I hoped that we would both just know when it was time... That we'd have one of those moments. Like in the movies, foreign movies, when something small happens, something almost imperceptible, and it changes everything. Like there's a man and a woman having breakfast... and the man reaches for the jam, and the woman says, "I thought you didn't like jam," and the man says, "I didn't. Once.""Or maybe it isn’t even obvious. Maybe he reaches for the jam, and she just looks at him like she doesn't know him anymore. Like, in the moment he reached for that jar, she couldn't recognize him."After breakfast, he'll go for a walk, and she'll go to their room and pack a slim brown suitcase. She'll stop on the sidewalk and wonder whether she should say good-bye, whether she should leave a note. But she won't. She'll just get into the taxi and go."He knows as soon as he turns onto their walk that she's gone. But he doesn't turn back. He doesn't regret a single day they spent together, including this one. Maybe he finds one of her ribbons on the stairs...
John O'Donohue|We need prisons because there are some hardcore criminals, but I never met a guy who has been in jail that came out with a smile on his face thinking, 'Right, that's it - now I am going to be good!'
Gabriel Brunsdon, Azlander: Second Nature|For all beings within this universal kingdom, their magnetic north rests in genuine mirth.
Carolina De Robertis, Perla|Words are incomplete and yet we need them. They are the cups that give our memories shape, and keep them from trickling away.
Roshan Sharma|Create life, that allow you to have a free flow from inside. This will happen when you improve your inner world and create life more out of understanding.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|Bran thought about it. 'Can a man still be brave if he's afraid?''That is the only time a man can be brave,' his father told him.
Mina Carter, Chosen by the Alpha|No matter what happened, there was always one thing Isla could rely on: the sheer arrogance of male wolves. That, and their overriding assumption all females found them irresistible and were desperate to get them in the sack. Mostly she was desperate to get them in the sack, if only to stop their whining, but she didn't think a sack six feet under was precisely what they meant.
Benjamin Hoff, The Tao of Pooh|It's not surprising, therefore, that the [Bisy] Backson thinks of progress in terms of fighting and overcoming. One of his little idiosyncrasies, you might say. Of course, real progress involves growing and developing, which involves changing inside, but that's something the inflexible Backson is unwilling to do.
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|A lot of lip service gets paid to being honest, but no one really wants to hear it unless what's being said is the party line.
Kevin DeYoung, The Hole in Our Holiness: Filling the Gap between Gospel Passion and the Pursuit of Godliness|The man who attempts Christianity without the church shoots himself in the foot, shoots his children in the leg, and shoots his grandchildren in the heart.
Michael Graves|I'm working on a school of architecture in China. It's rare that an architect gets to design a school of architecture, and here I get to do it. I'm so pleased that they asked me.
Hiroshi Sakurazaka, All You Need Is Kill 1|Don't play on safe, you must learn few rules and the other is just lessons.
Deyth Banger|God says happiness is contentment with what you already have, with what He provides you, with what you can share.
Frances Hardinge, The Lie Tree|Faith had always told herself that she was not like other ladies. But neither, it seemed, were other ladies.
Matshona Dhliwayo|I was my own boss, but that all changed the day I got married.
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America|Over the years the Indian leadership, and the educated Indian, have deliberately projected and embellished an image about Indians that they know to be untrue, and have wilfully encouraged the well-meaning but credulous foreign observer to accept it. What is worse, they have fallen in love with this image, and can no longer accept that it is untrue.
Steve Maraboli|For every group, malevolence is always somewhere else. Maybe we understand at this point in history that it can occur at night in darkened rooms where small children sleep. However, surely not in academia. Surely lying and deception do not occur among people who go to conferences, who write books, who testify in court, and who have PhDs.At one point I complained to a Florida judge that I was astonished to an expert witness lying on the stand [about child sexual abuse research]. I thought one had to tell the truth in court. I thought if someone didn't, she didn't get her milk and cookies. I thought God came down and plucked someone right out of the witness stand if he lied in court. I thought a lying expert witness would step out of court and get hit by a bus. A wiser woman than I, the judge's answer was, “Silly you."Confessions of a Whistle-Blower: Lessons Learned Author: Anna C. Salter. Ethics & Behavior, Volume 8, Issue 2 June 1998
Ken Robinson|I have so much chaos in my life, it's become normal. You become used to it. You have to just relax, calm down, take a deep breath and try to see how you can make things work rather than complain about how they're wrong.
Lailah Gifty Akita|What you wish to be, be.
Walter de la Mare, The Return|It was this mystery, bereft now of all fear, and this beauty together that made life the endless, changing and yet changeless, thing it was. And yet mystery and loveliness alike were really only appreciable with one's legs, as it were, dangling down over into the grave.
Taylor Swift|What dire offence from am'rous causes springs,What mighty contests rise from trivial things,...
Neil Gaiman, Neverwhere|Now me,” said Mr. Vandemar.“What number am I thinking of?” “I beg your pardon?” “What number am I thinking of?” repeated Mr. Vandemar. “It’s between one and a lot,” he added, helpfully.
Tiffany  Webster, Embracing the Broken: Letting Go of Perfection and Living by the Power of Christ's Grace|By embracing our brokenness, we don’t come to Christ's feet occasionally, but we stay at His feet continuously.
Clay Scott Brown|Soft, hence the blackheart under my sweet muse popular sentiments and blandishmentsmark your rather tranquil passionsso living were you, so sure was your stanceof everything put in and nothing to get outthose of your rule become of dullness and drearyrepetition, as smiles and frowns assured themKingdoms of Gold and Mirthbut in thine cloister is disease of all kindand make…
Susan C. Young|Affirmative words and actions confirm you are on the right path and help you attract what you desire. Whether you are reaffirming a dream, a goal, a previous commitment, or a person, reaffirmations will strengthen your area of focus. Begin reaffirming yourself and others through encouragement, paying attention, listening, and being grateful.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Most women would each be left with fewer dreams or without a dream, if the institution of marriage were to be abolished.
David Harvey, The Enigma of Capital and the Crises of Capitalism|And yet, something has changed for the better. We have rediscovered that capitalism is not the answer, but the question.
Gabrielle Zevin, All These Things I've Done|Belane, are you nuts?"Who knows? Insanity is comparative. Who sets the norm?
Kris Kristofferson|Freedom's just another word for "nothing left to lose".
Dwayne Johnson|Being a humorist is not a voluntary thing. You can tell this because in a situation where saying a funny thing will cause a lot of trouble, a humorist will still say the funny thing. No matter how inappropriate.
Joseph Conrad|I remember my youth and the feeling that will never come back any more /the feeling that I could last for ever, outlast the sea, the earth, and all men; the deceitful feeling that lures us on to joys, to perils, to love, to vain effort /to death; the triumphant conviction of strength, the heat of life in the handful of dust, the glow in the heart that with every year grows dim, grows cold, grows small, and expires /and expires, too soon, too soon /before life itself
Amit Kalantri|If you are not good at speeches, be good at your actions.
Dan Abnett, Guardians of the Galaxy, Volume 1: Legacy|I choose to believe that my father is still alive, that he has survived death, outlived us all, and possesses the soul that goes on and lives forever; We just cannot see him yet, for we have not caught up with him. our time will come just as his did. and no matter how woeful and lost I was when he passed away, I know I will be glad to go to a place where I can see him, and know he is okay and happy. It’s just not my time yet and there is no way of knowing if any of it is true." - Jane Adams
Maya Angelou, The Heart of a Woman|The coffin was handmade from the wood of a single Eucalyptus tree. There were no handles, it rested on the shoulders of six elegant tribesmen. These were Maasai from Kenya, the warrior tribe, known for their courage and endurance. The walkers followed at a respectful distance, the pace was grueling.
Octavio Paz, Sunstone/Piedra De Sol|better the crime,the suicides of lovers, the incest committedby brother and sister like two mirrorsin love with their likeness, better to eatthe poisoned bread, adultery on a bedof ashes, ferocious love, the poisonousvines of delirium, the sodomite who wearsa gob of spit for a rose in his lapel,better to be stoned in the plaza than to turnthe mill that squeezes out the juice of life,that turns eternity into empty hours,minutes into prisons, and time intocopper coins and abstract shit
William Blystone|It was always exciting, but it was also always dangerous. And fear takes a toll finally: when you live in danger from moment to moment, the constant tension becomes very wearying. Every step I took on the roads of Gelderland was nerve-wracking, because I was secretly carrying the very material that could turn out to be my own death warrant.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Cerulean Sins|Those eerie diamond eyes shifted over to her and she stilled, as if he's willed her to do so.There was a moment of silence. And then in a rough voice the man whose life she saved spoke four words that changed everything...changed her life, changed her destiny: "She. Comes. With. Me.
Rachel Caine, Lord of Misrule|Sometime, somewhere, life always comes to a fight, and peace always comes to an end.
Catherine Tate|Your face, my thane, is as a book where menMay read strange matters. To beguile the time,Look like the time; bear welcome in your eye,Your hand, your tongue: look like the innocent flower,But be the serpent under't.
Nenia Campbell, Touched with Sight|People rarely ventured outside the realm of their own hurts. They believed their own suffering was obvious to all, but might as well have been wearing blinders for all that they noticed anyone else's.
Robert Jordan, Towers of Midnight|Nothing wins more loyalty for a leader than an air of bravura," the Duke said. "I, therefore, cultivate an air of bravura.
Miklós Bánffy, The Phoenix Land|Propaganda, if too raucous, will always prove counterproductive. The damage arises because in peacetime the nation that never stops menacing others and shouting grievances is at once labelled a disturber of the peace and blamed accordingly. Such behaviour is also stupid because it continually remind others of the quarrel and strengthens their opposition.
Scott Westerfeld, Uglies|What you do, the way you think, makes you beautiful.
Erik Pevernagie|While we are curling down in our comfort zone, the perverted talents of connectivity-designers drive us surreptitiously into a blind alley of addiction. If, however, we succeed in impeding mobiles' unlimited rule, we may be able to relish the fragrance of the ‘moment’ but also sense the vital spark and spirit of “otherness”. ("Even if the world goes down, my mobile will save me")
Sunday Adelaja|When you realize your purpose, it brings understanding deep within you
Mehmet Murat ildan|It is in fact not our dream that makes us happy, but chasing that dream!
Elie Wiesel, Night|Never shall I forget that night, the first night in camp, that turned my life into one long night seven times sealed.Never shall I forget that smoke.Never shall I forget the small faces of the children whose bodies I saw transformed into smoke under a silent sky.Never shall I forget those flames that consumed my faith forever.Never shall I forget the nocturnal silence that deprived me for all eternity of the desire to live.Never shall I forget those moments that murdered my God and my soul and turned my dreams to ashes.Never shall I forget those things, even were I condemned to live as long as God Himself.Never.
Janet Evanovich, To the Nines|He is not a bad fellow, though an absolute imbecile in his profession. He has one positive virtue. He is as brave as a bulldog and as tenacious as a lobster if he gets his claws upon anyone.
Fisher Amelie, Greed|If you took everything I’d ever found hot in a girl and piled them into a corner, you’d get Cricket Hunt standing in a corner.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Predetermined fate is the slogan of the incapable people; with better ideas, you can always have a better fate!
Grover Norquist|We talked about many issues, like welfare, is it the way of life or hand up? Talked about size of government, how much should it tax families and small businesses? And when we left that lunch, we got in the car and I looked over at Chuck and said, 'I'll be damned. we're Republicans.'
David G. McAfee|No, this isn't right. I don't think the people doing it know or care about right and wrong. This is all some kind of show, but I don't understand it either.
Marcus Samuelsson|Most men who have really lived have had, in some share, their great adventure. This railway is mine.
Robert Louis Stevenson, Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde|Hear no evil, speak no evil, see no evil but then also do no evil.
Robert M. Drake, Black Butterfly|And in the end,she left a scarand I knew that washow she wanted tobe remembered.She wanted to leaveher mark in theworldwithout gettingher heart tooattached to it.
Vladimir Lorchenkov, The Good Life Elsewhere|Yet, Malice never was his Aim;He lash'd the Vice but spar'd the Name. No individual could resent,Where thousands equally were meant. His Satry points at no Defect, But what all Mortals may correct...Verses on the death of Dr Swift
Deborah Day|The more you take responsibility for your attitudes, the more you can adjust yourself in a forward thinking manner.
Riley Edgewood, Truth & Temptation|We all were silent for a reason, maybe our hearts were talking to us, and it is a human behavior whenever someone is in a crisis or something great is happening, our hearts speaks to us. More and more, only that time because we are too obsessed to use our brains after every work every day that listening to heart becomes secondary
Wassily Kandinsky|A little less complaint and whining, and a little more dogged work and manly striving, would do us more credit than a thousand civil rights bills.
Jakub Bożydar Wiśniewski|Individual liberty may be unable to solve every social problem, but collective violence is unable to solve any social problem.
J.M.  Richards, Tall, Dark Streak of Lightning|I suppose that means you don’t want any band-aids, either,” I said, a touch more bitterly than I’d meant to.
Tima Maria Lacoba, BloodGifted|In those few words you've summed up my life - my reason for existence. It's you. Any pain I've suffered, the mistakes I've made, the path laid out for me have all led here - to you.
Carolyn Gold Heilbrun|Yes, it is worse than thrown away, because every fair minded man must admit that the expenditure of this sum of money in the county for intoxicating liquor creates lawlessness, makes criminals, wrecks homes and brings trouble to innocent women and children.
Oscar Wilde, Reviews|Behind the perfection of a man's style, must lie the passion of a man's soul.
Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet|When there is no leverage or no incentive, all brains get stuck.
Ray Bradbury|When the point of education becomes the production of credentials rather than the cultivation of knowledge, it forfeits the motive recognized by Aristotle: "All human beings by nature desire to know.
Catie Marron, City Squares: Eighteen Writers on the Spirit and Significance of Squares Around the World|We have seen lots of people who are living in our world together with us but their religion taught them which they are better than us, so i would like to give those people a small advice that if your religion or your faith requires to hate people of other religions and faiths, and your religious leaders from one way or other way spreading hate and violence among people then is better that u stop believing in that religion cause i am pretty sure that religion does not apporoved by God but by mankind. God said that love every human beings beyond any condition and he also mentioned even your enemies so if a religion taught their followers not to love other religion followers or they are better then others then mean it is against God word. i would like to say that we should not condemn other for choosing a life path which they want even if it is something which we hate it or our religion does not approve it. We don't have to condemn but to understand thoes who are not believing what we believe. i also believe there is no religion which is more important and better then humanity so let's never judge people cause of their believe , nationality, colour or country. let's more important stay human, love humanity and love human beings unconditionally.
David Graeber, Debt: The First 5,000 Years|I speak of the human heart, not a logic puzzle." -Diego de Gama
Anonymous|You can go through the world with your elbows out and your nose in the air, and call it independence, if you like. That's not my way.
Dennis Sharpe, Wednesday|Wow. This place looks classy. The smell of fertilizer and rot is really in this season. Remind me, what are we doing here?” she asked looking at him with a coy smile. “Did we come for bait?
Brian Michael Good|It seems impossible to wheedle his way out of his impending death. No one has before him. But just as a young person feels invincible, he cannot bring himself to accept the looming train as he stands upon the tracks feeling the deep rumbling of the behemoth barreling straight toward him.
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|In the same way that Americans now look back with horrified disbelief on the evils of slavery and the 'separate but equal' era of racial segregation, many years from now our children and grandchildren will reflect on this time in history and wonder how and why we ever chose to criminalize marijuana usage and homosexual marriage while poisoning our natural world in the name of economics.
Marguerite Yourcenar, Memoirs of Hadrian|Happiness is a masterpiece: the slightest error compromises it, the slightest hesitation undermines it, the slightest excess corrupts it, the slightest vulgarity defiles it.
Owen Johnson, Stover at Yale|What would be the natural thing? A man goes to college. He works as he wants to work, he plays as he wants to play, he exercises for the fun of the game, he makes friends where he wants to make them, he is held in by no fear of criticism above, for the class ahead of him has nothing to do with his standing in his own class. Everything he does has the one vital quality: it is spontaneous. That is the flame of youth itself. Now, what really exists?""...I say our colleges to-day are business colleges—Yale more so, perhaps, because it is more sensitively American. Let's take up any side of our life here. Begin with athletics. What has become of the natural, spontaneous joy of contest? Instead you have one of the most perfectly organized business systems for achieving a required result—success. Football is driving, slavish work; there isn't one man in twenty who gets any real pleasure out of it. Professional baseball is not more rigorously disciplined and driven than our 'amateur' teams. Add the crew and the track. Play, the fun of the thing itself, doesn't exist; and why? Because we have made a business out of it all, and the college is scoured for material, just as drummers are sent out to bring in business."Take another case. A man has a knack at the banjo or guitar, or has a good voice. What is the spontaneous thing? To meet with other kindred spirits in informal gatherings in one another's rooms or at the fence, according to the whim of the moment. Instead what happens? You have our university musical clubs, thoroughly professional organizations. If you are material, you must get out and begin to work for them—coach with a professional coach, make the Apollo clubs, and, working on, some day in junior year reach the varsity organization and go out on a professional tour. Again an organization conceived on business 
Gary Thomas, Cherish: The One Word That Changes Everything for Your Marriage|He was tiredof being calleda fag and teasedfor his sexualityby one of the guards,so he tried to hanghimself, twiceThe kid got a littlecloser the secondtime, but I won’t bearound to see athird
Willa Cather, O Pioneers!|Isn’t it queer: there are only two or three human stories, and they go on repeating themselves as fiercely as if they had never happened before; like the larks in this country, that have been singing the same five notes over for thousands of years.
Hermann Hesse|Words do not express thoughts very well. They always become a little different immediately after they are expressed, a little distorted, a little foolish.
P. Sathasivam|Anytime you're playing basketball, and you have a coach who you have to respect, you've got to be very disciplined.
Catherine Ryan Hyde, Don't Let Me Go|[Grace talking to Billy.] "It's like people who want to feel only happy but not sad," she said. "It never works. You either feel things or you don't. You don't get to pick and choose. At least, I don't think so.
Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse|Whenever he felt like giving up, plopping himself down, and dying (which was, like, every ten minutes), he reached over and took her hand, just to remember there was warmth in the world.
Shailee J-N|The forefront is not the arena of winners, stay where you are, wherever you are, when its your time, you'll speed off like a psycopath.
David Brazzeal, Pray Like a Gourmet: Creative Ways to Feed Your Soul|I realized there really is a natural interplay between my spirituality and my creativity. When I enter into a spirit of prayer, I can cultivate a receptive space and actually ask God for creative ideas that will enhance my my praying. Then these creative practices allow me to enter into the spiritual space even more quickly and deeply. The result is a spiraling effect leading to ever-expanding dimensions, encompassing both deeper spirituality and heightened creativity.
E.M. Forster, The Longest Journey|Mr. Pembroke, watching his broad back, desired to bury a knife in it. The desire passed, partly because it was unclerical, partly because he had no knife, and partly because he soon blurred over what had happened. To him all criticism was "rudeness": he never heeded it, for he never needed it: he was never wrong.
Jeanne Wakatsuki Houston, Farewell to Manzanar: A True Story of Japanese American Experience During and After the World War II Internment|Prejudice. It's a bad thing. Once your mind is prejudiced, you will not think beneath or beyond. Actually, you will stop thinking.
Kevin DeYoung|Culture consists of connections, not of separations: to specialize is to isolate.
Edna St. Vincent Millay, The Harp-Weaver and Other Poems|I will come back to you, I swear I will;And you will know me still.I shall be only a little tallerThan when I went.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Made from divinity must mean mindstate to create is intrinsic - no fiction. Stop playin' with your power, your inner 'G', and build on purpose - accordingly. Being free is for free, so force the issue.
Jay Samit, Disrupt You!: Master Personal Transformation, Seize Opportunity, and Thrive in the Era of Endless Innovation|Disruption isn't about what happens to you, it's about how you respond to what happens to you.
Lawren Leo, Dragonflame: Tap Into Your Reservoir of Power Using Talismans, Manifestation, and Visualization|When we set a goal we are fulfilling our destiny. Even if we do not reach it, we have changed our lives and the lives of others by attempting to reach it.
G.K. Chesterton|…   not my own opinion, but my wife’s: Yesterday, when weary with writing, I was called to supper, and a salad I had asked for was set before me. ‘It seems then,’ I said, ‘if pewter dishes, leaves of lettuce, grains of salt, drops of water, vinegar, oil and slices of eggs had been flying about in the air for all eternity, it might at last happen by chance that there would come a salad.’ ‘Yes,’ responded my lovely, ‘but not so nice as this one of mine.
Irving Babbitt|The rule of friendship means there should be mutual sympathy between them, each supplying what the other lacks and trying to benefit the other, always using friendly and sincere words.
Joseph Stalin|You can get to oppression through regulation, especially in an "Idea Economy" which necessitates liberty of the mind to explore.
C.D. Reiss, Resist|He was quite possibly the most desirable man she had ever had the good fortune to lay her eyes upon and she had to meet him like this. Life was not fair. A groan of frustration left her lips as her body began to heat once more, blood pumping furiously through her. Oh no, she thought, this cannot be happening yet again. Gritting her teeth she tried to quell her reaction.
Fulton J. Sheen, Seven Words of Jesus and Mary: Lessons from Cana and Calvary|It takes three to make love, not two: you, your spouse, and God. Without God people only succeed in bringing out the worst in one another. Lovers who have nothing else to do but love each other soon find there is nothing else. Without a central loyalty life is unfinished.
Confucius, The Analects|You got one life, one chance , don't screw up. Put your fears behind your determination. Take the first step. Go for it my friend.
Pedro Almodovar|As a boy, the very words 'Liberty Bell' and 'Independence Hall' fired my imagination and made a profound and lasting impression on my mind. Throughout my struggle to secure national freedom for China, I have continuously dreamed of the day when she would assume the full stature of an independent, democratic nation.
Edvard Munch|Love, peace and soul.
James     Baldwin, The Fire Next Time|What's the point of these demagogic campaigns if these hungry kids are still here on the road? All little ones deserve protection, food, love and peace.
Brandy Nacole, Broken Faith|It can't be anyone but youI understand the reason nowLike an angel gently descending,You taught me the meaning of living on earthWhispering,"I want you to protect me,"You supported my heart
Lailah Gifty Akita|Don't spend the rest of your lives chasing your own desires, but be anxious to do the will of God.
Malcolm Gladwell, The Tipping Point: How Little Things Can Make a Big Difference|Six degrees of separation doesn't mean that everyone is linked to everyone else in just six steps. It means that a very small number of people are linked to everyone else in a few steps, and the rest of us are linked to the world through those special few.
Anita R. Sneed-Carter|Lay down an unforgiving spirit, because there'll be no peace until you do.
Elizabeth Wurtzel|Madness is too glamorous a term to convey what happens to most people who are losing their minds. That word is too exciting,too literary, too interesting in its connotations, to convey the boredom, the slowness, the dreariness, the dampness of depression.
Annie Dillard, Teaching a Stone to Talk: Expeditions and Encounters|In the deeps are the violence and terror of which psychology has warned us. But if you ride these monsters deeper down, if you drop with them farther over the world's rim, you find what our sciences cannot locate or name, the substrate, the ocean or matrix or ether which buoys the rest, which gives goodness its power for good, and evil its power for evil, the unified field: our complex and inexplicable caring for each other, and for our life together here. This is given. It is not learned.
Steven Pinker, The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined|What are the final lessons learned? I came to the conclusion that the most powerful human motive by far is the striving for attachment to loved ones in perpetuity. Humans will do anything for this, including blowing themselves (and others) to pieces. I learned that tribalism is universal. It may start with the attachment to another (typically, the mother and disinterest in those who are not her), and it may be furthered by the division of in-group as those we recognize and out-group as the rest, but our capacity for symbolism established in- and outgroups in us all, and we view their actions completely differently. We need, if we are to survive, a sense both of humanity as a tribe and of humanity’s potential for radical violence. If we delude ourselves that we are the civilized entity we appear to be on the surface, we are doomed to repeat the mistakes of the past, only with more powerful and devastating weapons.
Melanie Gow, Walking With Angels: The True Story of One Woman's Inspirational Walk With Her Two Sons, Aged 12 and 16, For 33 Exceptional Days Over The Pyrenees and Across Spain For 800kms to Santiago de Compostela.|The 6 greatest detriments to our health, happiness, and ultimate success: Regret, Worry, Guilt, Blame, Gossip, & ResentmentRemoving just one can change your life.
T.A. Uner|It seemed to us that all people to a greater or lesser degree belong to one of these two types, that almost every one of us resembles either Don Quixote or Hamlet.
C. JoyBell C.|It is the simple things that are in the ocean. People think that simple things are on the seashore, like seashells. But seashells are just illusions of the things that once used to live inside of them, that are back in the sea! They are dead things, and dead things are not simple things. Living things are simple things, things like love. People think that love isn't simple, but that's because they are on the seashore; but when you are a mermaid, when you have gills, when you need to be in the ocean; love is simple. It's about being beside someone and staying there. And then sharing your souls. What's natural to a mermaid, isn't natural to a person. But I want everyone to be a mermaid. And if they can't, at least they can know what a mermaid is like. We live with the things that are alive.
Jonathan Levine|It's the contemporary woman that movies don't know what to do with, other than bathe her in a bridal glow in romantic comedies where both the romance and the comedy are artificial sweeteners.
Raheel Farooq|Would you like the rhythm of your heart to be calm?Would you like the music of your soul towards harmony and fulfillment?Deal with any conflict constructively to reduce stress, tension and other unwanted collateral effects. Sharing you strategies on how to deal with a conflict:- take care of yourself and know well yourself- clarify what personal needs threatened by the conflict- identify a safe place and appropriate time for negotiation- seek first to understand than be understood, listening skills is very important.
Wendell Berry, The Hidden Wound|No man will ever be whole and dignified and free except in the knowledge that the men around him are whole and dignified and free, and that the world itself is free of contempt and misuse.
Libba Bray, The Diviners|We ask our brain to stop worrying, stop obsessing, stop dreaming the same scary dreams again and again. But our brain rarely takes requests.
Héctor Martínez|Everybody wants a happy life and a peaceful mind, but we have to produce peace of mind through our own practice.
Jane Kenyon, Otherwise: New and Selected Poems|Reading Aloud to My Father I chose the book haphazardfrom the shelf, but with Nabokov's firstsentence I knew it wasn't the thingto read to a dying man:The cradle rocks above an abyss, it began,and common sense tells us that our existenceis but a brief crack of lightbetween two eternities of darkness.The words disturbed both of us immediately,and I stopped. With music it was the same --Chopin's Piano Concerto — he asked meto turn it off. He ceased eating, and dranklittle, while the tumors briskly appropriatedwhat was left of him.But to return to the cradle rocking. I thinkNabokov had it wrong. This is the abyss.That's why babies howl at birth,and why the dying so often reachfor something only they can apprehend.At the end they don't want their handsto be under the covers, and if you should putyour hand on theirs in a tentative gestureof solidarity, they'll pull the hand free;and you must honor that desire,and let them pull it free.
Peter Marshall|I have no choice about whether or not I have Parkinson's. I have nothing but choices about how I react to it. In those choices, there's freedom to do a lot of things in areas that I wouldn't have otherwise found myself in.
Randall Wallace, Pearl Harbor|Rafe made people find something in themselves...(he) made me dream, he saw what I could hope to be, and helped me hope it. He did that to everyone he knew - especially the ones he knew the best." - Danny
C. N. Lester|By claiming that our words are too hard to understand, the media perpetuates the idea that WE are too hard to understand, and suggests that there’s no point in trying.
Eraldo Banovac|It can be accepted that there is a price for man's work, time spent or service done, but never for human dignity.
Gabriel Hemery, The Man Who Harvested Trees and Gifted Life|A verse from a short poem - 'Philosophy is Forestry's Child' - in my Foreword:Ask not which came first, the acorn or the oak.We came as children of the forest;First our wooden cradle, then our kindling for industry.Instead think forward –– trees will shelter us from ourselves.
Ralph W. Sockman|Nothing is impossible no matter how improbable, all things can be done before the rising sun!
Sofia Vergara|Women often postpone their lives, thinking that if they're not with a partner then it doesn't really count. They're still searching for their prince, in a way. And as much as we don't discuss that, because it's too embarrassing and too sad, I think it really does exist.
Michael Ende, Momo|Finally, let them recognise that there are two kinds of people one can call reasonable; those who serve God with all their heart because they know Him, and those who seek Him with all their heart because they do not know Him.
Jackson Katz|Thus the regime has deprived Iranian women not just of their present rights, but also of their history and their past.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, Flight to Arras|Planting trees, I myself thought for a long time, was a feel-good thing, a nice but feeble response to our litany of modern-day environmental problems. In the last few years, though, as I have read many dozens of articles and books and interviewed scientists here and abroad, my thinking on the issue has changed. Planting trees may be the single most important ecotechnology that we have to put the broken pieces of our planet back together.
H. Jackson Brown Jr.|The 3 most powerful resources you have available to you : love, prayer and forgiveness.
Robert Burns|Some hae meat and canna eat,And some wad eat that want it,But we hae meat and we can eat,And sae the Lord be thankit.
Clarence Thomas|We are ready to end fascism once and for all, even in spite of the Republican government.
Conn Iggulden, Conqueror|The world cannot be full of lead dogs, or the pack would pull itself apart.
Shane Gericke|The rig began shaking like caffeine withdrawal." --Opening sentence of THE FURY. "The duct-taped Buick swam north on Rush Street, hunting whores like a lesser white shark." --First sentence of Chapter One, THE FURY
Paulo Freire|Universal suffrage should rest upon universal education. To this end, liberal and permanent provision should be made for the support of free schools by the State governments, and, if need be, supplemented by legitimate aid from national authority.
Brad Katsuyama|I was really fascinated by some of the things happening with Anonymous, the hackers group. I don't necessarily agree with everything they've done, but I thought it was a really interesting use of technology and the fact that there's a whole group of people who can take over systems and fight things from behind the scenes.
Marilyn vos Savant|To be a Christian who is willing to travel with Christ on his downward road requires being willing to detach oneself constantly from any need to be relevant, and to trust ever more deeply the Word of God.
Cassandra Clare, City of Fallen Angels|I can see why you like it here," he said,making a sweeping gesture that encompassed Kyle's collection of movie posters and science fiction books. "There's a thin layer of nerd all over everything." said Jace."Thanks. I appreciate that." Simon gave Jace a hard look.
Michelle Orange, This Is Running for Your Life: Essays|No wheelchair can support damaged self-esteem until it learns to stand upright. No cane can help emotions limp along until they can walk. A cast or brace can't protect a vulnerable spirit, and not even the strongest painkiller can stop the ache cause by a failed relationship. No, the only way a broken heart mends itself is with stitches of time and the sticky tape of hastily rearranged dreams.
Yoleen Valai, The Rebirth of Francesca|What you are about to read are based on true events. It will make you laugh, it will make you cry, and it will break your heart. Don't say I didn't warn you.
Iyanla Vanzant|Forgiveness is important in families, especially when there are so many secrets that need to be healed - for the most part, every family's got them.
Thomas Gilovich, How We Know What Isn't So: The Fallibility of Human Reason in Everyday Life|When we prefer to believe something, we may approach the relevant evidence by asking ourselves,"what evidence is there to support this belief?"...Note that this question is not unbiased: It directs our attention to supportive evidence and away from information that might contradict the desired conclusion. Because it is almost always possible to uncover some supportive evidence, the asymmetrical way we frame the question makes us overly likely to become convinced of what we hope to be true.
Mehmet Murat ildan|...but since I realised that peace and freedom were unattainable on earth, my spirit aspired aloft, and everything that my chosen path required ceased to conflict with my conscience, because my conscience was calling me out into space, and was not much interested in what was happening on earth.
J.S.B. Morse, Now and at the Hour of Our Death|Most parents hate to experience conflict, are deeply troubled when it occurs, and are quite confused about how to handle it constructively. Actually, it would be a rare relationship if over a period of time one person's needs did not conflict with the other's. When any two people (or groups) coexist, conflict is bound to occur just because people are different, think differently, have different needs and wants that sometimes do not match.
J.A. Saare, The Renfield Syndrome|Rhiannon's Law #22. You can't lie to yourself, so don't bother trying. Doing so only multiplies your douchebag level to the umpteenth power and confirms what others have been saying for years - that you are an idiot.
John Keats, Complete Poems and Selected Letters|Darkling I listen; and, for many a timeI have been half in love with easeful Death,Call'd him soft names in many a musèd rhyme,To take into the air my quiet breath.
Ezra Pound|I once saw a small child go to an electric light switch as say, "Mamma, can I open the light?" She was using the age-old language of exploration, the language of art. It was a sort of metaphor, but she was not using it as ornamentation.
Sonal Panse, The Sunshine Time - Season 1 Episode 1|She’s a mixed-breed and not the least bit aggressive.She decided long ago she wanted to be a pet dog, not a guard dog. I think that’s another reason why that man wanted to get rid of her. I’ve never understood all this fascination with aggressiveness. It’s like an epidemic. People don’t just want aggressive dogs, they want to be aggressive themselves.
Steven Magee|No one knows whether death may not be the greatest of all blessings for a man, yet men fear it as if they knew it was the greatest of evils.
Ernesto Che Guevara|Because the history of evolution is that life escapes all barriers. Life breaks free. Life expands to new territories. Painfully, perhaps even dangerously. But life finds a way.
Shannon L. Alder|If you haven't cried at least once while writing a chapter of your inspirational book, then you have to ask yourself if your're writing fiction.
Charlie Chaplin|As I began to love myself I found that anguish and emotional suffering are only warning signs that I was living against my own truth. Today, I know, this is “AUTHENTICITY”.As I began to love myself I understood how much it can offend somebody if I try to force my desires on this person, even though I knew the time was not right and the person was not ready for it, and even though this person was me. Today I call it “RESPECT”.As I began to love myself I stopped craving for a different life, and I could see that everything that surrounded me was inviting me to grow. Today I call it “MATURITY”.As I began to love myself I understood that at any circumstance, I am in the right place at the right time, and everything happens at the exactly right moment. So I could be calm. Today I call it “SELF-CONFIDENCE”.As I began to love myself I quit stealing my own time, and I stopped designing huge projects for the future. Today, I only do what brings me joy and happiness, things I love to do and that make my heart cheer, and I do them in my own way and in my own rhythm. Today I call it “SIMPLICITY”.As I began to love myself I freed myself of anything that is no good for my health – food, people, things, situations, and everything that drew me down and away from myself. At first I called this attitude a healthy egoism. Today I know it is “LOVE OF ONESELF”.As I began to love myself I quit trying to always be right, and ever since I was wrong less of the time. Today I discovered that is “MODESTY”.As I began to love myself I refused to go on living in the past and worrying about the future. Now, I only live for the moment, where everything is happening. Today I live each day, day by day, and I call it “FULFILLMENT”.As I began to love myself I recognized that my mind can disturb me and it can make me sick. But as I connected it to my heart, my mind became a valuable ally. Today I call this connection “WISDOM OF THE HEART”.We no longer need to fear arguments, confrontations or any kind of problems with ourselves or others. Even stars collide, and out of their crashing new worlds are born. Today I know “THAT IS LIFE”!
Bjorn Lomborg|All too often, the conversation about appropriate and balanced environmental stewardship gets caught up in partisan politics. Yet, this conversation is key to the preservation of our great country for generations to come, as important as ensuring we have fiscally responsible policies to secure our future.
Rainbow Rowell, Attachments|I find I'm unable to speak, unable to move, snared in his serious gaze like some kind of frightened rabbit
Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar|My mother smiled. "I knew my baby wasn't like that."I looked at her. "Like what?""Like those awful people. Those awful dead people at that hospital." She paused. "I knew you'd decide to be all right again.
Anthony Holden|I had my heart set on becoming an English teacher, but stumbled into acting after meeting a theatrical agent in my dad's restaurant in San Diego.
Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief|It’s quite simple," she says, while Rosentreter wonders, not without anxiety, whether she can read his thoughts. "You draw air into your lungs, you raise your soft palate, air passes over your vocal cords, and you move your lips and tongue. Or, to put it another way, you speak.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Quitters and waiters have a varied beginning, but a similar ending. They don't win! Don't wait; don’t quit... Arise and shine with the light of passion right there in you!
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|Possibly, there was something to be said for the intellectual discipline of second-guessing what you thought was true.
John C. Maxwell, Be a People Person|if you don't have peace, it isn't because someone took it from you; you gave it away. You cannot always control what happens to you, but you can control what happens in you.
Bruno Mars|Writing has laws of perspective, of light and shade just as painting does, or music. If you are born knowing them, fine. If not, learn them. Then rearrange the rules to suit yourself.
Sunday Adelaja|If is see darkness in Christians, I bring light to them.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|They disagreed always about this, but it did not matter. She liked him to believe in scholarships, and he liked her to be proud of Andrew whatever he did.
Alejandro Escovedo|Life is just so interesting and complicated and beautiful. Every day, every interaction is different. There’s so much floating around that I would find it really hard to get bored. I’m interested in creating in some way or another, whether it’s photography or writing or just walking through the world.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|I mean really, how could an artistic individual stay grounded in the nitty-gritty of how many minutes per pound meat has to stay in the oven when trying to fathom the creative philosophy behind the greatest artistic minds of the world?
Ellen DeGeneres, Seriously... I'm Kidding|I wonder what will happen if i put a hand cream on my feet, will they get confused and start clapping?
Guy Kawasaki, The Art of the Start: The Time-Tested, Battle-Hardened Guide for Anyone Starting Anything|Business is a game like baseball or golf or anything else. I enjoy being a student of the game, and reading, and learning, and going to conferences, whether it’s building custom homes or selling or servicing medical equipment. A good entrepreneur can be a good entrepreneur in any industry because if you’re a good student of the game, the rules and the lessons are very much the same. And that’s the fun part about it.
Umberto Eco, Foucault's Pendulum|From shit, thus, I extract pure Shinola
Helena Bonham Carter|smile..smile..and smile. i mean- just smile, and everything else will follow.
Stacey Wallace Benefiel, Found|Martha Ridgley had been a single, working-class woman with no children or close family. Her killer had never been caught, and her case was eventually forgotten.But not by everyone—not by whoever had been paying the rent on Apartment #37 for over two decades until, for one reason or another, the lease was finally up.The Woman in Apartment #37byJohn MeadfromBook of the Dead
Mehmet Murat ildan|Create a world within the world and be happy inside it! Don’t forget, you are not condemned to live the world as is!
Marie Lu, Legend|My heart's been torn wide open, just like I feared it would be, and I have no willpower to close it back up. Any barrier I might've succeeded in putting up around myself, any resistance I might've built up against my feelings for her, is now completely gone. Shattered.
Joseph Campbell, The Hero With a Thousand Faces|So let my hands and my face make their way in this world, let my hungry eyes see, my tongue taste.
Elizabeth E. Castillo|You write once and you can call yourself a writer, but it takes three novels before you can call yourself a novelist. The first two could have just been lucky. One day, I will finish my third, and one day, I will be a novelist.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|Here is a rule to remember in future, when anything tempts you to feel bitter: not "This is misfortune," but "To bear this worthily is good fortune.
Rebecca Harris|Who we are is determined by the actions we take, the words we choose to say, the people we love. And for some that love brings hope. For others, courage. And for some, the luckiest of individuals, that love brings with it a knowledge of contentment, an understanding of strength, and the reward of uncovering exactly who you are.
Sunday Adelaja|Discover your gift and talent, then start a process of production with it if you desire to be prosperous
Joanne Harris, Five Quarters of the Orange|My home will never be a place, but a state of mind, which I find through my music.
Jay McInerney, Bright Lights, Big City|You have always wanted to be a writer. Getting the job at the magazine was only your first step toward literacy celebrity. You used to write what you believed to be urbane sketches infinitely superior to those appearing in the magazine every week. You sent them up to Fiction; they came back with polite notes. "Not quite right for us now, but thanks for letting us see this." You would try to interpret the notes: what about the word now-do they mean that you should submit this again, later? It wasn't the notes so much as the effort of writing that discouraged you.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|In the business people with expertise, experience and evidence will make more profitable decisions than people with instinct, intuition and imagination.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|No matter how advanced its progress, any generation that neglects its spiritual and moral life is going to disintegrate.
S.I. Hayakawa, Language in Thought and Action|It is not true that 'we have only one life to live'; if we can read, we can live as many more lives and as many kinds of lives as we wish.
Erik Pevernagie|Spermicide' sort of rhymes with 'pesticide', yet you wouldn't put a load of DDT in you know where to kill you know what, now would you?
Deborah Brodie, The Path That Gets Brighter: A Devotional to Instruct, Illustrate, and Encourage Kingdom Principles|If we were less of what seems like ease in our lives they would tell more for Christ and souls...We profess to be strangers and pilgrims, seeking after a country of our own, yet we settle down in the most un-stranger-like fashion, exactly as if we were quite at home and meant to stay as long as we could. I don't wonder apostolic miracles have died. Apostolic living certainly has.
Matshona Dhliwayo|We all need to believe in something, a dream that gives us optimism and faith.
Alan W. Watts|Normally, we do not so much look at things as overlook them.
Clark Jeffries|Weel, ma´am' said Stephen, making the best of it, with a smile; 'when I ha´finished off, I mun quit this part, and try another. Fortnet or misfortnet, a man can but try; there´s now to be done wi´out tryin -cept laying down and dying.
Marie Curie|In 1800, in the first interparty contest, the Federalists warned that presidential candidate Thomas Jefferson, because of his sympathy expressed at the outset of the French Revolution, was 'the son of a half-breed Indian squaw' who would put opponents under the guillotine.
Rachel Hartman, Shadow Scale|The beauty of the place moved me; I loved how the clean air felt in my lungs, how far I was from everything I had ever known. People I'd hurt, people I'd failed, people who thought me a monster. Here there was no monster greater than the ragged mountains.
Chris Prentiss, The Laws of Love: Creating the Relationship of Your Dreams|From this moment forward, I am in control of every situation. I will always know the exact right action to take, and this is so. I will now obtain vibrant good health. I will have the possessions I want, I now have the power and wisdom to bring this about, and this is so. I will have peace and harmony in my life. I will have love and abundance, and this is so. I now claim all these things for my own from this time forward.
Joey W. Hill|Some people - and a high percentage of submissives - wanted clear-cut rules. Preferred their duties laid out, like schedules and lists.
Dada Bhagwan|What does the world teach you? It teaches you (to do) egoism. Then, from that egoism, arise many many phases!
Elizabeth Berg|Meanwhile, let us have a sip of tea. The afternoon glow is brightening the bamboos, the fountains are bubbling with delight, the soughing of the pines is heard in our kettle. Let us dream of evanescence and linger in the beautiful foolishness of things.
Harper Lee|You think because you are born of light that you're somehow better and kinder than those who aren't, but you're not. It merely makes you feel entitled in your wrongful actions against others. But, you're no better than my mother. If anything you're worse because you think your viciousness is justified...
Jettie Necole, Ruby|Do I get a reward?" he asked as he brought her hand to his mouth for a kiss.Ruby darted her eyes away from him as she blushed with embarrassment. "For my rescue?" she dared.His eyes twinkled. "For rescuing each other." He placed his hand along her back and pulled her against his chest.
Milan Kundera, Immortality|She blushed. It is a beautiful thing when a woman blushes; at that instant her body no longer belongs to her; she doesn't control it; she is at its mercy; oh, can there be anything more beautiful than the sight of a woman violated by her own body!
Darrell Calkins, Re:|The typical image of a depressed, lazy and tired person is someone hunched over and inert. Often, the assumption is that if one had more enthusiasm and inspiration, he would then stand up straight and move. In many cases, this equation is backward. But, as with everything related to one’s physicality, balance is the key. An overly erect and rigid posture may convey confidence and power to some, but it also causes a subtle accumulation of tension and rigidity on various levels, including psychological and emotional.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|Hebrews 12:1- Therefore, since we are surrounded by such a great cloud of witnesses, let us throw off everything that hinders and the sin that so easily entangles, and let us run with perseverance the race marked out for us.
Jeno Marz, Falaha's Journey: A Spacegirl's Account in Three Movements|Reluctantly, we had already accepted every challenge at the moment we were born. And as long as we live, we have no right to give up. For we, or at least someone very similar to us, already died once, long ago in a faraway place.
Amanda Hodgkinson, 22 Britannia Road|He'd imagined peacetime would bring him a sense of belonging. During the war it kept him going, that thought of peace. He'd believed in it like a season he knew it would arrive one day
Melissa Keil, Life in Outer Space|I fall asleep with the sound of her voice echoing in my head, and a feeling in my chest like someone is scooping my heart out with a spoon.
Charbel Tadros|Death only comes when a being has served its purpose. From a narrow perspective, that purpose may not be clear, but in the grand scheme of things, it makes perfect sense.
Debasish Mridha|To find the nectar of life, let me get lost in the mysteries and beauties of the imagination.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of the Island|I feel as if I had opened a book and found roses of yesterday sweet and fragrant, between its leaves.
Aaron Blaylock, It's Called Helping...You're Welcome|I did not wait to hear the end of my father's story, for I had been with him myself after mass when we had met M. Legrandin; instead, I went downstairs to the kitchen to ask about the menu for our dinner, which was of fresh interest to me daily, like the news in a paper, and excited me as might the programme of a coming festivity.
Laurence Overmire, One Immigrant's Legacy: The Overmyer Family in America, 1751-2009: A Biographical Record of Revolutionary War Veteran Capt. John George Overmire and His Descendants|The people who blame everything and every body else for their lack of success, tended to continue to have a lack of success. Your Proactive, problem solving minded, assertive and responsible approach is going to carry you much further than whining, blaming, pointing fingers and justifying your failures.
Sara Winters, Hooked|Before he could stop himself, Carlos pulled Michael down into a kiss, letting his lips and tongue communicate everything he'd been bottling up for days – months, if he was being honest with himself. Michael responded with a tenderness that begged to be answered, plying his mouth with soft, teasing kisses until Carlos pulled away, moving until their lips were a hairsbreadth apart.“We don't have to stop,” Michael whispered.
Melchor Lim|When someone hurts you time and time again, accept the fact that they don't care about you. Its a tough pill to swallow, but its necessary medicine.
