William F. Buckley Jr., God & Man At Yale|We need a new religion, a global religion, based on one simple principle: live and let live.
Tammy Blanchard|If you've been running a business for 38 years, you're approaching your 66th birthday, you've never owed a man a penny or done anyone any grievance in your life, and you feel hard done-by and try to protect yourself and your family, but go to prison, well if that's the society we're living in, I'm happy to accept that.
Dean Koontz, Dead and Alive|You think I don't know what you're doing? This is a typical guy stunt. Protect the helpless female, lead the bad guy away and send her scurrying for help." He put a hand on her cheek. "If he caught up to us and something happened to you… I don't know what I'd do." Her lips trembled, though she tried to look angry. "Macho garbage.
Laird Barron, The Beautiful Thing That Awaits Us All|I'm not here to change the world, just your perception of it.
Poppet, Ryan|God bless you butterfly, because now I'm claiming you like no mate has ever been claimed in the history of our kind
Alison Krauss|I became a set designer for opera. I'm a great opera buff, I love classical music, and I needed a time-out.
Susan Lucci|No, I am not a homosexual. If I were a homosexual, I would hope I would have the courage to say so. What's cruel is that you are forcing me to say I am not a homosexual. This means you are putting homosexuals down. I don't want to do that.
Thea Harrison, Midnight's Kiss|We could cut loose, you know. Every man for himself. I look after my orgasm, you look after yours. Right here, right now. Quick and dirty.
Michelle Hodkin, The Unbecoming of Mara Dyer|It is vitally important to discern your true heart's desire. Your heart's desire is different from fleeting wants or insatiable cravings. Your heart's desire is positive, life-enhancing, and beneficial to you and others.
EverSkeptic|If wilderness is outlawed, only outlaws can save wilderness.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|And if he had judged her harshly? If her life were a simple rosary of hours, her life simple and strange as a bird's life, gay in the morning, restless all day, tired at sundown? Her heart simple and wilful as a bird's heart?
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|I walked without breaks, slept through nights without waking, inhumanly smooth – a small machine.
Brian Tracy|The two words 'information' and 'communication' are often used interchangeably, but they signify quite different things. Information is giving out; communication is getting through.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|Weakness employs many weapons in its perpetual war against strength. True strength does not attack; it is too busy enduring attacks, and defending itself against weakness.
Pierre Corneille|For the person for whom small things do not exist, the great is not great.
Abhijit Kar Gupta|I feel like the only reason we’re able to find some of these unique ideas, characters, and story twists is through discovery. And, by definition, ‘discovery’ means you don’t know the answer when you start.
Josephine Angelini, Witch's Pyre|You couldn't escape the pointy hat, though. There was nothing magical about a pointy hat except that it said that the woman underneath it was a witch. People paid attention to a pointy hat.
Thomas Mann, Tristan|Utu--Maori revenge. 'Do everything well, boy. Do it better than them. Be a better rugby player, better at your job. Outshine them everywhere. Tramp on their pride. Go far, and leave them sniveling in your dust.
George Eliot|What wish did you grant me?" Lolly asked. "I can't tell you," the little girl said very seriously. "But if you believe, it will come true.
Rhiannon Thomas, Long May She Reign|One can be interested in both fashion and politics, don't you think? They so often go hand in hand. Appearances, saying the right words, making people like you...
Tullian Tchividjian|I write about everything, but I just - how faith filters through all that and colors your opinion of other people and life and all that.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|We're going to meet a lot of lonely people in the next week and the next month and the next year. And when they ask us what we're doing, you can say, We're remembering. That's where we'll win out in the long run. And someday we'll remember so much that we'll build the biggest goddamn steamshovel in history and dig the biggest grave of all time and shove war in it and cover it up.
Dexter Palmer, The Dream of Perpetual Motion|We want to be special for being important. But, sometimes... We become important for being special.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Everything that occurs to us in life is a resource, an experience that we can learn from and grow from.
Goldie Hawn|The lotus is the most beautiful flower, whose petals open one by one. But it will only grow in the mud. In order to grow and gain wisdom, first you must have the mud --- the obstacles of life and its suffering. ... The mud speaks of the common ground that humans share, no matter what our stations in life. ... Whether we have it all or we have nothing, we are all faced with the same obstacles: sadness, loss, illness, dying and death. If we are to strive as human beings to gain more wisdom, more kindness and more compassion, we must have the intention to grow as a lotus and open each petal one by one. 
Andrew Shaffer, Fifty-one Shades: A Parody|I like my tea like I like my men,” I say. With the last name “Grey.” But I realize that’s too forward, so I add, “Black.”He raises an eyebrow.“I mean, not that I exclusively like black men,” I say, trying to recover. “I like other kinds of tea. And men.”“Have you ever tasted...white tea, Anna?
Cathie Pelletier, Once Upon a Time on the Banks|Almost overnight, Albert Pinkham had gone from being barely able to keep his head above water to walking on the stuff.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When I was a child, I thought like a child.When I became adult, I seek a deeper understanding of life.
Anne Perry, Tathea|Our real blessings often appear to us in the shape of pains, losses and disappointments; but let us have patience and we soon shall see them in proper figures.
Christopher Lee|It's very hard to find true friends when your life is a bumpy ride full of twists and turns. But, I'm glad that amidst all the ramblings in my life I have managed to win some great friends.
Lorrie Moore, Like Life|Usually she ordered a cup of coffee and a cup of tea, as well as a brownie, propping up her sadness with chocolate and caffeine so that it became an anxiety.
Thomas Pynchon, Bleeding Edge|Some tourist think Amsterdam is a city of sin, but in truth it is a ciry of freedom. And in freedom, most people find sin.
Darren Shan, Bec|I could break things in a thousand ways--anything from surgical dismantling as meticulous as a bomb squad work to wrecking ball style mass destruction. If I broke a thing, it stayed broke. If I broke one of my things, I lived with the pieces, or replaced it.
Jeaniene Frost, One Foot in the Grave|...cursing my heels and debating whether it was faster to stop and take them off--damn ankle straps!--or keep running with the potential neck breakers. Wouldn’t that make a charming epitaph? Here lies Cat. Killed not by fang, but Ferragamos.
Amit Ray, Enlightenment Step by Step|Wake up, live your life and sing the melody of your soul.
Tye Shirelle, The War Within "Kira's Crisis"|Fight for her. But more than that… fight for yourself. Don’t be afraid of the disorder that love causes. It crashes around you. It blinds you. It heals you. But, more than anything else, Dillan, when you find the right one, it no longer feels like chaos. It’s like a series of falling dominos that pierces your heart. It elevates you into another plain of existence. All at once you realize you’ve never breathed real life until you truly experience love. Breathe, Dillan. Just… breathe. ~ Tanner Nguyen
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross|It is not the end of the physical body that should worry us. Rather, our concern must be to live while we're alive - to release our inner selves from the spiritual death that comes with living behind a facade designed to conform to external definitions of who and what we are.
Jorge Luis Borges|We entered Gettysburg in the afternoon, just in time to meet the enemy entering the town, and in good season to drive him back before his getting a foothold.
Rudyard Kipling, The Barrack-Room Ballads and Other Verses|Were the Soviet Union to sink tomorrow under the waters of the ocean, the American military-industrial establishment would have to go on, substantially unchanged, until some other adversary could be invented. Anything else would be an unacceptable shock to the American economy.
Ashley Judd|Christmas 1972 was a lonely time for Kissinger, as well as for his boss, and a period of serious reflection. Kissinger was then a bachelor, enamored of the tall, elegant, but elusive WASP Nancy Maginnes, but still very much a bachelor - Washington's most sought-after bachelor.
Natalie J. Damschroder, Hearts Under Siege|Courage,” he said, “is being absolutely terrified of something and doing it anyway.
Roger Ebert|The price of coming from a small town is that everyone knows your story. Your book has been read, shelved, dusted, and re-read by everybody.
J.E.B. Spredemann, A Secret Encounter|It was as though God's hand was reaching down to Anna, and she was reaching her hands to Harvey and Joe, creating a circle of love.
Suzanne Collins|I'll only go if there's cake.~Tobias "Four
DeWayne Owens|I believe in what you see is what you get, but I also believe in what you see is getting better.
Mandi Lynn, Essence|I miss you so much! And while this hole in my heart will never be filled again, I find comfort knowing that you are nestled within the loving embrace of God… and that I was blessed to know you… even if only for a little while.
Larken Rose|But who would build the roads if there were no government? You mean to tell me that 300 million people in this country and 7 billion people on the planet would just sit around in their houses and think “Gee, I’d like to go visit Fred, but I can't because there isn’t a flat thing outside for me to drive on, and I don’t know how to build it and the other 300 million or 7 billion people can’t possibly do it because there aren’t any politicians and tax collectors. If they were here then we could do it. If they were here to boss us around and steal our money and really inefficiently build the flat places, then we would be set. Then I would be comfortable and confident that I could get places. But I can’t go to Fred’s house or the market because we can’t possibly build a flat space from A to B. We can make these really small devices that enable us to contact people from all over the word that fits in our pockets; we can make machines that we drive around in, but no, we can’t possibly build a flat space.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|If there is no love for others, love of country is just a slogan.
Tara Estacaan|She might not be sweetShe might not be upbeatShe is womanHer strength finespun —To the unkind,She changes her mind.Oh woman, solid purebred.Hold high your head.
Henry Knox|A pure democracy is a society consisting of a small number of citizens, who assemble and administer the government in person.
Alex Flinn, Cloaked|I miss the snow. I miss looking at it, walking in it, tasting it. I used to love those days when it was so cold everyone else would be tucked away inside trying to stay warm. I would be the only one out walking, so I could look across the fields and see miles of snow without a single footprint in it. It would be completely silent -- no cars, no birds singing, no doors slamming. Just silence and snow. God, I miss snow. The stars, the moon, the wind, and blankets of pure, pristine snow.
Frantz Fanon, The Wretched of the Earth|It is true that if care is taken to use only a language that it's understood by graduates in law and economics, you can easily prove that the masses have to be managed from above.
Douglas Adams|The point is, Mrs. MacDonagh, that the universe is exactly the size that your soul can encompass. Some people live in extremely small worlds, and some live in a world of infinite possibility.
Muhammad Ali, The Soul of a Butterfly: Reflections on Life's Journey|My wealth is in my knowledge of self, love, and spirituality.
Napoleon Hill|I don't know whether your heart ever necessarily changes, but time changes the way that you perceive the world. And you just hope it gives you more empathy and all those other things.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|You're about to enter the future gate.Come in now, or later will be too late.
Isobelle Carmody, The Gathering|Contrary to our metaphors, humans are much more imitative than the other apes. For example: if chimps watch a demonstration on how to get food out of a puzzle box, they, in their turn, skip any unnecessary steps, go straight to the treat. Human children overimitate, reproducing each step regardless of its necessity. There is some reason why, now that it’s our behavior, being slavishly imitative is superior to being thoughtful and efficient, but I forget exactly what that reason is.
Sarah Dalton, White Hart|When you live on the edge of a cursed forest, you do a lot of staring into the dark.
Paul David Washer|We are not worthy to unloose the latchets of Jesus' shoes, because, if we do, we begin to say to ourselves, "What great folks are we; we have been allowed to loose the latchets of the Lord's sandals." If we do not tell somebody else about it with many an exultation, we at least tell ourselves about it, and feel that we are something after all, and ought to be held in no small repute.
Julia Margaret Cameron|Politics means striving to share power or striving to influence the distribution of power, either among states or among groups within a state.
Charlotte Eriksson, Empty Roads & Broken Bottles; in search for The Great Perhaps|I want my life to be the greatest story. My very existence will be the greatest poem.Watch me burn.Love always, Charlotte
Amit Kalantri|It is a courage which can find the solution to every problem, not the intelligence.
Gayle Wray|If someone says something about your art that makes you feel bad, disregard it and joyfully make more art.
James Gandolfini|My schedule can be hectic, so I'm always trying to find time to see my friends and family.
George Papandreou|In 1950, when the Giants signed me, they gave me $15,000. I bought a 1950 Mercury. I couldn't drive, but I had it in the parking lot there, and everybody that could drive would drive the car. So it was like a community thing.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Smiling and Expressions of Emotion. A genuine smile is inviting, contagious, and encouraging. People do read a book by its cover and your expressions provide a glimpse for what they’ll find inside.
Evan Sutter, Solitude: How Doing Nothing Can Change the World|I think if our new direction in all our relationships is friendship, compassion, and enjoyment, we will easily be able to break our old cycle of bad habits and develop something deeper and more meaningful
Joseph Campbell, The Power of Myth|Time, which sees all things, has found you out.
Tyler Knott Gregson|If their tears could be read,as the blind can read brailleWould your eyes then be openedto another & how they feel?Without condemnation or any aversions from withinCould you set aside judgementwhile seeking total absolution?
Karen Davis, Prisoned Chickens Poisoned Eggs: An Inside Look at the Modern Poultry Industry|Thus far, our responsibility for how we treat chickens and allow them to be treated in our culture is dismissed with blistering rhetoric designed to silence objection: “How the hell can you compare the feelings of a hen with those of a human being?” One answer is, by looking at her. It does not take special insight or credentials to see that a hen confined in a battery cage is suffering, or to imagine what her feelings must be compared with those of a hen ranging outside in the grass and sunlight. We are told that we humans are capable of knowing just about anything that we want to know—except, ironically, what it feels like to be one of our victims. We are told we are being “emotional” if we care about a chicken and grieve over a chicken’s plight. However, it is not “emotion” that is really under attack, but the vicarious emotions of pity, sympathy, compassion, sorrow, and indignity on behalf of the victim, a fellow creature—emotions that undermine business as usual. By contrast, such “manly” emotions as patriotism, pride, conquest, and mastery are encouraged.
Rick Riordan, The Sea of Monsters|Hermes's shoulders sagged. "They'll try, Percy. Oh, we'll all try to keep our promise. And maybe for a while things will get better. But we gods have never been good at keeping oaths. You were born because of a broken promise, eh? Eventually we'll become forgetful. We always do.""You can change."Hermes laughed. "After three thousand years, you think the gods can change their nature?""Yeah," I said. "I do.
Coco Chanel|You can be gorgeous at thirty, charmimg at forty, and irresistible for the rest of your life.
Jodi Picoult|Here, there isn't much but stories and rain. And a fella can get tired of the rain.
C.B. Lee, Not Your Sidekick|Some old-school Madonna and Beyoncé and everyone in the room went from being eighteen-year-olds to being twelve-year-olds to seven-year-olds and back again, each song belonging to an age they had all shared.
Abraham Lincoln|You cannot take away freedom to protect it, you cannot destroy the free market to save it, and you cannot uphold freedom of speech by silencing those with whom you disagree. To take rights away to defend them or to spend your way out of debt defies common sense.
Mary Kay Ash|For every failure, there's an alternativecourse of action. You just have to find it. When you come to a roadblock, take a detour.
Jane Austen, Mansfield Park|The promised notification was hanging over her head. The postman's knock within the neighbourhood was beginning to bring its daily terrors -and if reading could banish the idea for even half an hour, it was something gained.
Boyd Rice, NO|We know all men are not created equal in the sense some people would have us believe. Some people are smarter than others, some people have more opportunity because they’re born with it, some men make more money than others, some ladies make better cupcakes than others; some are born gifted beyond the normal scope of most men.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Dear Church, everyone is broken, stop pretending like you're not.
Debasish Mridha|Your value depends on how much love you gave away, not on how much money you have accumulated.
Madeleine L'Engle|People who think that love, sex, marriage, work, play, life and death are serious matters are urged NOT to read this book. Buy it, yes, but don't read it. [Regarding "The Fool's Progress"]
Dan Groat, Monarchs and Mendicants|A silence overtook the odd family in their odd surroundings as loss became the mockery of the moment, and they were caught up in the emotional release that is common in a theater audience after the sudden ending of a tragic movie; the curtain closes and the people are still in their seats, numb and sighing their way back into reality.
Nicole Kidman|My theory is, if you force yourself to smile enough, then you start to feel it. Which comes in handy all the time.
Brenda Ueland|Think of yourself as an incandescent power, illuminated and perhaps forever talked to by God and his messengers.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you lose something, do not worry.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|All force strives forward to work far and wideTo live and grow and ever to expand;Yet we are checked and thwarted on each sideBy the world's flux and swept along like sand:In this internal storm and outward tideWe hear a promise, hard to understand:From the compulsion that all creatures binds,Who overcomes himself, his freedom finds.
Trevor D. Richardson, Dystopia Boy: The Unauthorized Files|I think the idea that we have anything to begin with is a lie we tell ourselves every day until we believe it. I think the law is there to enforce fictions that would not exist otherwise. Certain laws prevent us from deviating from those fictions, and thrive as a framework for the lifestyle we are all required to live. I believe that the reason possession is nine-tenths of the law is that without those laws there wouldn’t be any possession at all.
Jiddu Krishnamurti, Education and the Significance of Life|There is an efficiency inspired by love which goes far beyond and is much greater than the efficiency of ambition; and without love, which brings an integrated understanding of life, efficiency breeds ruthlessness. Is this not what is actually taking place all over the world? Our present education is geared to industrialization and war, its principal aim being to develop efficiency; and we are caught in this machine of ruthless competition and mutual destruction. If education leads to war, if it teaches us to destroy or be destroyed, has it not utterly failed?
Nicola Sturgeon|Scotland is not a region of the U.K.; Scotland is a nation, and if we cannot protect our interests within a U.K. that is going to be changing fundamentally, then that right of Scotland to consider the options of independence has to be there.
Rachel Caine, The Dead Girls' Dance|How do we stop them?” Edilio asked. He raised his head, and Sam saw the distress on his face. “How do you think we stop them? When your fifteenth birthday rolls around, the easy thing is to take the poof. You gotta fight to resist it. We know that. So how are we going to tell kids this isn’t real, this Orsay thing?”“We just tell them,” Astrid said.“But we don’t know if it’s real or not,” Edilio argued.Astrid shrugged. She stared at nothing and kept her features very still. “We tell them it’s all fake. Kids hate this place, but they don’t want to die.”“How do we tell them if we don’t know?” Edilio seemed genuinely puzzled.Howard laughed. “Deely-O, Deely-O, you are such a doof sometimes.” He put his feet down and leaned toward Edilio as if sharing a secret with him. “She means: We lie. Astrid means that we lie to everyone and tell them we do know for sure.”Edilio stared at Astrid like he was expecting her to deny it.“It’s for people’s own good,” Astrid said in a low voice, still looking at nothing.“You know what’s funny?” Howard said, grinning. “I was pretty sure we were coming to this meeting so Astrid could rank on Sam for not telling us the whole truth. And now, it turns out we’re really here so Astrid can talk us all into becoming liars.
Dennis Merritt Jones, Your Redefining Moments: Becoming Who You Were Born to Be|You don't have to go on a quest to "find" silence-it's a matter of uncovering it right where you are. Think about it: if all external and internal sounds were eliminated, only silence would remain. The question is, how much silence can you bear? How deep are you willing to go below surface living to reconnect with who you truly are?
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|UN-Impressives of the Poor Listener•	Thinking about what you should have done, could have done, or need to do. •	Allowing your emotional reactions to take over.•	Interrupting the person talking.•	Replying before you hear all the facts.•	Jumping to conclusions and making assumptions.•	Being preoccupied with what you're going to say next. •	Getting defensive or being over-eager. •	One-upmanship—feeling the urge to compete and add something bigger, better, or more significant than what the speaker has to share.•	Imposing an unsolicited opinion.•	Ignoring and changing the subject altogether.
Coco J. Ginger|The world I held so closely, she played me like a game,I released and left her laughing to stand on my own two feet.
John jide|The best you can offer is to be for God, the good you can do is to help fellow human beings and the result of this can be to greatness with sincerity together with integrity.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|He who loves his job, will own it.
Ben Jonson|The success of the Rat Pack or the Clan was due to the camaraderie, the three guys who work together and kid each other and love each other.
Charles Bukowski, Women|As a recluse I couldn't bear traffic. It had nothing to do with jealousy, I simply disliked people, crowds, anywhere, except at my readings. People diminished me, they sucked me dry.
Harry Mulisch, Siegfried|Everything made by human hands looks terrible under magnification--crude, rough, and asymmetrical. But in nature every bit of life is lovely. And the more magnification we use, the more details are brought out, perfectly formed, like endless sets of boxes within boxes.
Clive Thompson|I was going to design sports cars, but my father came to my college to visit me. At the time he was making a picture in Sweden and he took me there with him. I got to see Ingmar Bergman's company and I thought, 'Gee, filmmaking is a lot more fun than sports cars,' so I decided to follow him and go into acting.
Wendell Berry|When two kids are being completely berserk, and they're naked and throwing food around, sometimes I just let it go because I can see a future where they're going to be dressed, and they're going to be at school. So I kind of let stuff go sometimes.
August Rush|The music is all around us, all you have to do is listen.
Forest Whitaker|I read very one-note. Teacher's pet, Goody Two-shoes. I'd hate to be annoying. Who wants to see movies with someone annoying in them? But it's hard for me to paint myself as anything but whatever it is I come across as - which is pretty together.
Kristin Cashore, Graceling|Love is a violent recreational sport. Proceed at your own risk. Helmets, armor, and steel-toe boots are required by law.
Jennifer Donnelly, A Northern Light|You should spend more time reading the Good Book and less reading all those novels. What are you going to tell the Lord on Judgement Day when He asks you why you didn't read your bible? Hmm?" I said. To myself.
Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights|I have dreamt in my life, dreams that have stayed with me ever after, and changed my ideas; they have gone through and through me, like wine through water, and altered the color of my mind. And this is one: I'm going to tell it - but take care not to smile at any part of it.
Kathy Bryson, Fighting Mad|You can’t have it both ways. Either I’m Irish and can talk, or I’m a man and I can’t.
Annette Vaillancourt, How to Manifest Your Soulmate with Eft: Relationship as a Spiritual Path|What the hell does it all mean? Does 11:11 really mean anything at all? Well, that simply depends on whether you believe life has meaning in the first place.
Tess Gerritsen|How much better it would be, she thinks, if the world were ruled by chance and not a God.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|While you try to make peace on earth, the inhabitants of heaven are still at war.
Liu Yang|We have never observed infinity in nature. Whenever you have infinities in a theory, that's where the theory fails as a description of nature. And if space was born in the Big Bang, yet is infinite now, we are forced to believe that it's instantaneously, infinitely big. It seems absurd.
Jane Smiley, A Thousand Acres|A traditional house smelled of wood smoke, the earth, and of thatch; all good smells, the smell of life itself.
Sylvia Dolson, Joy of Bears|Connecting with the wilderness allows us to live in the flow of a meaningful, joyful life. Embracing this state of connectedness or oneness with other living beings including animals, as opposed to feeling an “otherness” or “separateness” brings a sense of harmony and enables us to be at peace with oneself and the world.
Rajen Jani, Once Upon A Time: 100 Management Stories|If the difficult tasks are completed first, then the remaining tasks seem easy.
Richard Matheson, I Am Legend and Other Stories|But are his needs any more shocking than the needs of any other animals and men? Are his deeds more outrageous than the deeds of the parent who drained the spirit from his child? The vampire may foster quickened heartbeats and levitated hair. But is he worse than the parent who gave to society a neurotic child who became a politician? Is he worse than the manufacturer who set up belated foundations with the money he made by handing bombs and guns to suicidal nationalists? Is he worse than the distiller who gave bastardized grain juice to stultify further the brains of those who, sober, were incapable of progressive thought? (Nay, I apologize for this calumny; I nip the brew that feeds me.) Is he worse, then, than the publisher who filled ubiquitous racks with lust and death wishes? Really, no, search your soul, lovie--is the vampire so bad?
Lang Leav, Love & Misadventure|Shrinking in a corner,pressed into the wall;do they know I'm present,am I here at all?
Eddie Izzard|Yes, I believe blue material is funny, but if that's all you've got, you're dead in the water. It's not good.
David Leavitt, While England Sleeps|All should be accepted, not excluded from the world. Men who hate others shed hate upon themselves. All should have trust, not broken faith.
Forrest Carter, The Education of Little Tree|Granma's name was Bonnie Bee. I knew that when I heard him late at night say, 'I kin ye, Bonnie Bee,' he was saying, 'I love ye,' for the feeling was in the words.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Work hard,and you will earn good rewards.Work smart,and you will earn great rewards.Work hard and work smart,and you will earn extraordinary rewards.
T.J. Bowes|Do we believe, or are we just playing Dressing Up?
Alexander McCall Smith|Nonfiction is both easier and harder to write than fiction. It's easier because the facts are already laid out before you, and there is already a narrative arc. What makes it harder is that you are not free to use your imagination and creativity to fill in any missing gaps within the story.
Saif Samir|Too often our lives are soiled to desperation by endings that in reality are magnificently outnumbered by beginnings. And unless we become convinced that an ending is always the birthplace of a beginning that is on its way, we will live terribly soiled lives.
John F. Kennedy|We drove 22 miles into the country around Farmington. There were meadows and apple orchards. White fences trailed through the rolling fields. Soon the sign started appearing. THE MOST PHOTOGRAPHED BARN IN AMERICA. We counted five signs before we reached the site. There were 40 cars and a tour bus in the makeshift lot. We walked along a cowpath to the slightly elevated spot set aside for viewing and photographing. All the people had cameras; some had tripods, telephoto lenses, filter kits. A man in a booth sold postcards and slides -- pictures of the barn taken from the elevated spot. We stood near a grove of trees and watched the photographers. Murray maintained a prolonged silence, occasionally scrawling some notes in a little book. "No one sees the barn," he said finally. A long silence followed. "Once you've seen the signs about the barn, it becomes impossible to see the barn."He fell silent once more. People with cameras left the elevated site, replaced by others.We're not here to capture an image, we're here to maintain one. Every photograph reinforces the aura. Can you feel it, Jack? An accumulation of nameless energies." There was an extended silence. The man in the booth sold postcards and slides. "Being here is a kind of spiritual surrender. We see only what the others see. The thousands who were here in the past, those who will come in the future. We've agreed to be part of a collective perception. It literally colors our vision. A religious experience in a way, like all tourism." Another silence ensued. "They are taking pictures of taking pictures," he said.
Debasish Mridha|Follow your passion; follow your bliss. No matter what, you will be a success.
Kate Griffin, The Midnight Mayor|Men don't ask other men if they're getting home OK, they just assume that beneath the frail, weak exterior lurks a muscle-building kung fu master fearless of ever being mugged.
Derek Landy, Kingdom of the Wicked|Of course I want to kill you," said Skulduggery. "I want to kill most people. But then where would I be? In a field of dead people with no one to talk to.
Colin E. Gunton|In our desire to impose form on the world and our lives we have lost the capacity to see the form that is already there; and in that lies not liberation but alienation, the cutting off of things as they really are.
C. Terry Warner, Bonds That Make Us Free: Healing Our Relationships, Coming to Ourselves|Man is not a circle with a single center; he is an ellipse with two focii. Facts are one, ideas are the other.
litymunshi|if you can ,gift a relationship to someone rather destroy a relationship to someone .
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|I gather the last remnants of the evening’s breeze, so cool and lazy within my arms, feeling it curl up like a small and innocent kitten.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|sometime people ask me , how to deal with pain.and i reply them in one line. " make it your best Friend
Mehmet Murat ildan|However much you love them, you must let everything and everybody that desperately long for their freedom to be free!
Bikrant|Awakening as a moment of now Awakening as an experienceAwakening as a momentthat is the same - today, yesterday or tomorrowAwakening of a Hinduist, of a Buddhist, of a Christianof a believer or a nonbeliever Awakening that lives within every single cellAwakening within no qualitiesas emptiness of Consciousnessas direct contactwith love and light and lifeexperiencedwith every breathAwakening as resting within true natureas acting from the true natureas RememberingAwakening as openingto the possibility of Now
Andrei Platonov, Soul|Forty-two!" yelled Loonquawl. "Is that all you've got to show for seven and a half million years' work?" "I checked it very thoroughly," said the computer, "and that quite definitely is the answer. I think the problem, to be quite honest with you, is that you've never actually known what the question is.
Jean Baudrillard, The Transparency of Evil: Essays in Extreme Phenomena|If a man realizes who he is, he is aware of his value
Sarina Asheford, Anticipation|I actually told him to f**k himself. And that if he needed an ass to paddle, he should look in the mirror.
Lisa De Jong, When It Rains|There are some moments in life we all have to face, even though we don't want to.
Shia LaBeouf|My career choice is my career choice. Just stepping out of that zone, to be able to be a provider. I understand my position as a provider and my role as a dad also... Just being able to be comfortable with it.
Thea Harrison, Midnight's Kiss|Personal growth was damn hard work. It also took a lot of time, so it was going to have to take a backseat for a while.Because right now, he had a battle to fight and Vampyre ass to kick.
Lawrence G. Taylor, Strangers In Another Country|Do not listen to everything you hear, and do not believe everything you listen to.
David Rakoff|I'm a comedian, and I have my share of anxiety and depression; so do most of my friends. My humor tends to lie in the juxtaposition of extreme lightness - I'm a huge musical-theater fan - and extreme darkness. And so I really like playing with those because that's how I feel.
Michael Ondaatje, The English Patient|I have spent weeks in the desert, forgetting to look at the moon, he says, as a married man may spend days never looking into the face of his wife. These are not sins of omission but signs of pre-occuopation.
Leo Babauta|The life you have left is a gift. Cherish it. Enjoy it now, to the fullest. Do what matters, now.
A.R.Maria|I didn't hear you complaining last night.''That's because I wasn't,' she argued.'Then what's the problem?' he asked aggressively.'There is no problem. We had a good time and now it's over.''Just like that?''You want flowers?
Taona Dumisani Chiveneko, Sprout of Disruption|Pape called Basil his sanctuary. In truth we all exist in our own sanctuaries-but I don't mean cathedrals or prisons. I'm talking about our hearts and minds, which imprison us in anxiety, dear, insecurity, anger and other forms of misery. The walls & bars that keep most in a constant state of suffering are thoughts and emotions, not concrete & steel. It's a disease. Insanity. Most are afflicted by it, regardless of which side of the law they find themselves on or where they lay their heads at night. To be free of this, Renee, is to be free indeed.
C. JoyBell C.|The difference between me and other people is that they all walk around with onion skins wrapped around them. Pre-meditations, pretentions, the faces that they present to the world, the faces that they present to themselves.. onion skins that come in layer after layer. They're on the inside of all that. And I... I am the inside of the onion skin walking around. I am only me.
Amos Bronson Alcott, Tablets|Good books, like good friends, are few and chosen; the more select, the more enjoyable.
Monica Dickens, Mariana|The trouble is I'm not very good at trusting my own instincts. I've been wrong before. A lot.""About what? You worry too much, about everything. You're to hard on yourself.""I was wrong about Rory -""You were twenty-five, twenty-six! Everyone's allowed to be in love with the wrong person at some point. In fact, its a mistake not to be.
John Milton, Paradise Lost|I don't believe in God, don't believe in the devil. Unless you want to count my mother. She might be Satan's sister, I suppose.
Chico Marx|Cath exhaled. Then inhaled. Her chest was so tight, it hurt both ways. Levi shouldn't get to make her feel this way - he shouldn't even have access to her chest.
Annabelle Selldorf|Society understands the architecture of academia and knows there are relevant qualifications in different fields, and the media accepts the idea of specialisations and accords greater respect to those with greater expertise. With one exception: climate science.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Language of the Night: Essays on Fantasy and Science Fiction|I believe that maturity is not an outgrowing, but a growing up: that an adult is not a dead child, but a child who survived. I believe that all the best faculties of a mature human being exist in the child. . . . that one of the most deeply human, and humane, of these faculties is the power of imagination.
Jennifer    Ryan, The Chilbury Ladies' Choir|A sense of responsibility— or was it guilt?— hung over me, that I was in some way at fault because of cowering to all these pompous men all these years, when I should have had the bravery to reclaim my own mind. That if we women had done this years ago, before the last war, before this one, we’d be in a very different world.
Gerard Way|I'm kind of lucky that we've finished shooting 'Cougar Town,' so I'm able to kind of just enjoy my pregnancy and be a stay-at-home mom and go to prenatal Pilates and do all that fun stuff that, if I were working, would be almost impossible to do.
Paula Hawkins, The Girl on the Train|To have my hopes raised and dashed again, it's like cold steel twisting in my gut.
Mark Dery, England My England: Anglophilia Explained|Every Anglophile has his own private England which is, of course, unrecognizable to the English.
Tenth Avenue North|He is worse than the others, I show. He is worst of all of them.Because–Because he knew he was doing wrong. He felt the pain of his actions–But he did not amend them, shows the Sky.The rest are worth as much as their pack animals, I show, but worst is the one who knows better and does nothing.
Laurence Overmire, The One Idea That Saves The World: A Call to Conscience and A Call to Action|Information sharing produces shared awareness among the participants, and collaborative production relies on shared creation, but collective action creates shared responsibility, by tying the user's identity to the identity of the group.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|The truth is, unless you let go, unless you forgive yourself, unless you forgive the situation, unless you realize that the situation is over, you cannot move forward.
Osayi Emokpae Lasisi, Impossible Is Stupid|But if as you read this book you're saying to yourself: "I'd rather be miserably married than be alone." Well young lady, take out your clown shoes and buckle your seat belt - it's going to be a very bumpy one-woman circus.
Stephen King, The Breathing Method|You have got a sharp tongue, haven't you honey? You'll have to watch it or you'll go to a lonely spinster's grave.
Desmond Ong, Against All Odds: Secrets Of Starting At 15, Achieving Million Dollars Sales & Financial Freedom Before 21|When you have your revenue streams set up the right way, you can be confident the dollars are rolling in no matter what
Michelle Cruz-Rosado|The soul is stronger than the ego. It lives to BE, and give. We are of one Light, illuminating ourselves and those whom we love.
Jonathan Messinger, Hiding Out|To break the silence the old man said the first thing that came to his mind: "Loneliness is a type of violence.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Diet corresponding to blood type, not food hype.
Robert Montgomerie|Yet behind all of the populist hot air, and the big shot persona, is a man who is very cunning. As a real estate mogul worth billions, a man like Donald Trump knows how to relate to an audience better than a politician. He has to as each transaction he is working on can increase his personal wealth. Moreover, he doesn’t have the time to make the connections while trying to close a deal that an average politician does. He has to, as a salesman, become expert at being a “five minute friend”. Every move has to count in building a credible connection that will get him to, and beyond, the closing table.
Conn Iggulden, Khan: Empire of Silver|Horst, you are a good man. You have always been so, and your soul is an untrammelled thing indeed.’ Horst winced and interrupted. ‘Ah. Well. Maybe not. There was that business with a lacrosse team…’ Now it was Cabal’s turn to wince. ‘Did anyone suffer?’ ‘Oh, no. Nothing like that.’ ‘Was everyone happy?’ ‘I flatter myself a little to think, yes. Everyone was very nice afterwards, anyway.’ ‘Then shut up. In a world as grimy and sin-ridden as ours, you’re a paragon precisely because your intentions are always good.’ ‘Johannes, I killed a man.’ ‘Pffft.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Some friends are like sunny days, with false flames, oozing from afar, coming near without a dime.
José Saramago, The Cave|Indeed, very few people are aware that in each of our fingers, located somewhere between the first phalange, the mesophalange, and the metaphalange, there is a tiny brain. The fact is that the other organ which we call the brain, the one with which we came into the world, the one which we transport around in our head and which transports us so that we can transport it, has only ever had very general, vague, diffuse and, above all, unimaginative ideas about what the hands and fingers should do. For example, if the brain-in-our-head suddenly gets an idea for a painting, a sculpture, a piece of music or literature, or a clay figurine, it simply sends a signal to that effect and then waits to see what will happen
Herbert Croly|As a private lawyer, I could bill $750 an hour, but I don't.
Susan Sontag|Death never takes the wise man by surprise, he is always ready to go.
Lev Grossman, The Magician King|I guess we’re supposed to have faith.”“I never really took you for the faith-having kind,” Quentin said.“I didn’t either. But it’s worked out so far. We’ve got five of the seven keys. You can’t argue with results.”“You can’t,” Quentin said, “but that’s actually not the same thing as having faith.”“Why do you always try to ruin everything?”“I’m not ruining it. I just want to understand it.”“If you had faith you wouldn’t have to understand.
Albert Camus, Notebooks 1951-1959|Find meaning. Distinguish melancholy from sadness. Go out for a walk. It doesn’t have to be a romantic walk in the park, spring at its most spectacular moment, flowers and smells and outstanding poetical imagery smoothly transferring you into another world. It doesn’t have to be a walk during which you’ll have multiple life epiphanies and discover meanings no other brain ever managed to encounter. Do not be afraid of spending quality time by yourself. Find meaning or don’t find meaning but 'steal' some time and give it freely and exclusively to your own self. Opt for privacy and solitude. That doesn’t make you antisocial or cause you to reject the rest of the world. But you need to breathe. And you need to be.
Widad Akreyi|The quality of life in our world does not depend on the conflicts that arise, but on our response to them.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|The Pentacle - The ancients envisioned their world in two halves - masculine and feminine. Their gods and goddesses worked to keep a balance of power. Yin and Yang. When male and female were balanced, there was harmony in the world. When they were unbalanced there was chaos.
George Hodgman, Bettyville|I think, generally speaking, that children have a knack for picking up curse words. Having said that, my brother and I (although admittedly, it was I who displayed a higher level of fluency) took to cursing like frogs take to jumping. Mind you, we received excellent tutoring along the way.
Meredith Willson|To the end of this age. Oh, a thousand yearsWill Hardly leach,” he thought, “this dust of that fire.
Sheri L. Dew|I have embraced crying mothers who have lost their children because our politicians put their personal agendas before the national good. I have no patience for injustice, no tolerance for government incompetence, no sympathy for leaders who fail their citizens.
Arianna Huffington|I've had a lot of success; I've had failures, so I learn from the failure.
Eknath Easwaran|But when we train the senses we conserve our vital energy, the very stuff of life. Patient and secure within, we do not have to look to externals for satisfaction. No matter what happens outside--whether events are for or against us, however people behave towards us, whether we get what pleases us or do not--we are in no way dependent. Then it is that we can give freely to others; then it is that we can love.
Ann Brashares, Sisterhood Everlasting|Before everything, I used to do this thing when I was upset-I used to take all my feelings and push them down inside me. It was like they were garbage and I was compacting it to get more in. I felt like I could keep pushing all my feelings down into my socks and I wouldn't have to worry about them. I don't think I do that anymore.
Jess C. Scott, Playmates|Black vomit came gushing out Samantha’s mouth, adding to the puddle already on the floor. Samantha was covered in a sheen of sweat, crouched on all fours on the wooden hallway floor, like an animal. Her thick yellow fingernails made deep scratches in the wood as her body convulsed with each new expulsion of the black vomit. Her hair was long and thick and full; thicker and fuller than he had ever seen it. It reminded him of a lion’s mane. Her skin was a sickly pale grey with disturbing red boils the size of grapefruit and weeping puss-filled black blotches where others had burst. Spider webs of blue veins were visible under the skin all over her body.
Terry Hayes, I Am Pilgrim|We can be of many nations, but earth is our land.We can be of many races, but we are just one clan.
Brandon Sanderson, The Way of Kings|Expectations were like fine pottery. The harder you held them, the more likely they were to crack.
Tony Parsons|Most photographers work best alone, myself included.
Kay Redfield Jamison, An Unquiet Mind: A Memoir of Moods and Madness|Far too many doctors-many of them excellent physicians-commit suicide each year; one recent study concluded that, until quite recently, the United States lost annually the equivalent of a medium-sized medical school class from suicide alone. Most physician suicides are due to depression or manic-depressive illness, both of which are eminently treatable. Physicians, unfortunately, not only suffer from a higher rate of mood disorders than the general population, they also have a greater access to very effective means of suicide.
Cirilo F. Bautista, The House of True Desire: Essays on Life and Literature|Because life, as Pablo Picasso averred, 'is a very bad novel', it has to be reworked through the writers' suffering into something much more meaningful, much more valuable. A life lived and relived, then, emitting intensity and beauty only achievable by a journey through pain.
Heidi Klum|In my life, I have made the occasional catastrophic choice, and it's just a case of moving on and learning from it.
Charlotte Turner Smith, Desmond|If truth is not to be spoken, Sir, in a government, calling itself free, least it should be understood by the people, who are governed; and prevent their freely supplying the oil, that facilitates the movement of the cumbrous machine—If facts, which cannot be denied, be repressed; and reason, which cannot be controverted, be stifled; the time is not far distant, when such a country may say, adieu liberty!
China Miéville, Perdido Street Station|Let your eyes see what they see, not what others want you to see. Let your ears hear what they naturally hear, not what others want you to hear. Let your mouth speak your mind freely and not be constrained by other people's approval or disapproval. Let your mind think what it wants to think and not let other people's demands dictate your thoughts. If your senses and your mind are not allowed to do what they want to do naturally, you are denying them their rights. When you cannot think, sense, feel, or act freely, then your body and mind are injured. Break these oppressions, and you will cultivate life.
Douglas Coupland, Microserfs|Sometimes we all forget that the world itself is paradise, and there has been much of late to enourage that amnesia. (Microserfs, p 366)
R.L. Mathewson, Tall, Dark & Lonely|You spit in this?""Yup."Chris shrugged. "As long as you're honest.
Robert Crais|Every time someone buys a cat or a dog from a breeder or a pet shop, a cat on the streets or in an animal shelter loses his or her chance at finding a good home.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If truth is relative, then it’s cousin is anarchy.
Minna Antrim|For the record, I don't worship the devil. I just hate religion.
Toni Sorenson|Balanced service is a virtue to be cherished. There is to be time in our life to serve God, to serve our family, to serve our country and community, to serve our employer. Wise persons budget available time so that no significant area of one's life falls into a state of neglect.
C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain|You would like to know how I behave when I am experiencing pain, not writing books about it. You need not guess, for I will tell you; I am a great coward... If I knew any way of escape I would crawl through sewers to find it. But what is the good of telling you about my feelings? You know them already; they are the same as yours. I am not arguing that pain is not painful. Pain hurts. That is what the word means. I am only trying to show that the old Christian doctrine of being made 'perfect through suffering' is not incredible. To prove it palatable is beyond my design.
Qiu Miaojin, Last Words from Montmartre|With sincerity, courage, & honesty, one can face death, extreme physical pain, & even extreme psychological pain. One can resist persecution from individuals, society, or government. To live in preparation of adversity & finding ways to preserve your core values --this is what it means to learn "how to live.
Stephen Richards, Insanity: My Mad Life|So what causes men to become violent? I’ll tell you, boredom, silly rules, muggy screws and pathetic governors. What else can we do - swallow it, wipe our mouths out. You have to fight for your rights. Not sit back and take it.
Vishal Bhojwani, SPARK|In a neurotic society, insane ideas can become 'normal', the current triumph of tribalism is the result of rabid global anti-intellectualism.
Josh Barkan, Mexico: Stories|Our ancestors went for days without anything to eat, and carbohydrates were extremely scarce for two million years. The truth is, fat is the preferred fuel for human metabolism.
Kat Graham|I have shifted my mindset in terms of how companies should... focus on building amazing products. If you have amazing products, the marketing of those products is trivial.
Ezekiel Emanuel|I can only speak for my husband and myself, but we don't feel like we could do any of this parenting without our faith.
Stormie Omartian, Lord, I Want To Be Whole: The Power Of Prayer And Scripture In Emotional Healing|Freedom, wholeness, and true success can only be found when you are living a praying life. That means walking so close to God that He can keep you away from danger and guide you where you need to go
Percy Bysshe Shelley, Epipsychidion|I have a hundred reasons to dislike this gentleman,” Erica reminded herself aloud. “And a thousand reasons more not to go courting with any man.”Lavinia laughed at that. “Whenever has a woman’s heart listened to her head?
Claudia Gray, Afterlife|An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth. a burn for a burn. a life for a life. that's how all this got started. and that's how it's going to end.
Albert Camus|And is it not sects, bodies of definite, uncompromising principles, that lead us into revolutions?
Helen DeWitt, The Last Samurai|Here was a man who'd learned to write before he could think, a man who threw out logical fallacies like tacks behind a getaway car, and he always always always got away.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Keep running; keep dreaming, keep alive the flame of hope; defeat and despair will not catch up with you
Garry Fitchett, Life Is a Bicycle: A Living Philosophy to Finding Your Authenticity|We are all equally rich when it comes to the currency of time: 24 hours in a day and not one iota more. It is one of life's most level playing fields, ever devised, from the standpoint of a singular day.
Ned Hayes, The Eagle Tree|Twenty minutes into our walk away from the wall put us deep in a forest of fir, pine, cottonwood, and aspen trees. The lush forest floor was alive and danced with shadows cast from an endless parade of swaying trees. As we approached early evening it was cool and peaceful. The sound of the trees moving in the wind high above seemed like a friendly traveling companion, calling us farther and farther into the depths of the forest.
Saji Ijiyemi, Don't Die Sitting|Never pass up a valuable opportunity, because regret can last a lifetime.
Alasdair MacIntyre, A Short History Of Ethics: A History Of Moral Philosophy From The Homeric Age To The Twentieth Century|Bushido as an independent code of ethics may vanish, but its power will not perish from the earth; its schools of martial prowess or civic honor may be demolished, but its light and its glory will long survive their ruins. Like its symbolic flower, after it is blown to the four winds, it will still bless mankind with the perfume with which it will enrich life.
Alex Trebek|The best remedy for those who are afraid, lonely or unhappy is to go outside, somewhere where they can be quiet, alone with the heavens, nature and God. Because only then does one feel that all is as it should be.
Vikram Roy|Society is full of possibilities, is this possible to make all to think like children then there will be no politics.
Andy Weir, The Martian|Metaphorically, Tom said, if you take knowledge as light, and ignorance as dark, there does sometimes seem to be a real presence to the dark -- to ignorance. Something more tactile and muscley than just lack of knowledge. A sort of will to ignorance. It would explain some politicians.
Katie Reus, Danger Next Door|The things I want from you, darlin’, will give you nightmares, ones like you’ve never had before. A nightmare that will have you begging me not to wake you up.”--Lucca
Virginia Woolf|I only write when the spirit moves me ... and the spirit moves me every day. William Faulkner, Oxford, Mississippi
Ali Fissam|World Peace will be achieved the day Humans, embrace The Power of Love and forgo their Love of Power.
Shah Asad Rizvi|Transcend the terrestrial; surpass the celestial, from nature’s hands when you receive the sublime pleasures of dance.
J. Kameron Carter, Race: A Theological Account|Upon seeing the third and final table I realized that most of the people listed would most likely be dead, or come out of these qualifying races with severed limbs of as Revaarn liked to say 'Loose a limb no problem, it'll be amputated and replaced with a robotic one.
Thomm Quackenbush, Flies to Wanton Boys|Jackie's eyes burned. She wasn't sure if it was an allergic reaction. She couldn't remember ever feeling this sensation. She touched the corner of her eye. It was wet. There was water coming from her eyes and trickling down her cheeks, and she knew she was crying but she wasn't sure if she had ever cried before.
