David Mitchell, Ghostwritten|(about cats) They also resist our calls to come, to move, to obey, to present themselves, to do all the things that dogs do so easily. This drives some people crazy. Cats do not even care what drives us crazy!
John Bunyan|What God says is best, indeed is best, though all men in the world are against it. Seeing, then, that God prefers his religion; seeing God prefers a tender conscience; seeing they that make themselves fools for the kingdom of heaven are wisest; and that the poor man that loveth Christ is richer than the greatest man in the world that hates him: Shame, depart, thou art an enemy to my salvation.
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|Chronicling future appeasing Prime Minister Joseph Chamberlain's rise to Parliament from first-generation commercial interests rather than the aristocracy, the author diagnoses even then that he had no center outside himself.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, The Gulag Archipelago 1918-1956|It is unthinkable in the twentieth century to fail to distinguish between what constitutes an abominable atrocity that must be prosecuted and what constitutes that "past" which "ought not to be stirred up.
Azhar Sabri, Sarhad Ke Us Paar|Killing of an innocent, alike killing of humanity.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann|Holding the moon in your hands, velvety, your heart beats on my lips.
Dennis Prager|Overcoming the Cold War required courage from the people of Central and Eastern Europe and what was then the German Democratic Republic, but it also required the steadfastness of Western partner over many decades when many had long lost hope of integration of the two Germanys and Europe.
Claire Robertson, The Spiral House|what makes me human; is my mistakes and that i resemble humanbeings...,What makes me a Man is that i am selfish,powerful,minded and stubborn
Margaret Ann Lembo, Chakra Awakening: Transform Your Reality Using Crystals, Color, Aromatherapy & the Power of Positive Thought|Regardless of whether you are a man or a woman, everyone births things into reality.
Brandy Norwood|Each of us has about 40 chances to accomplish our goals in life. I learned this first through agriculture, because all farmers can expect to have about 40 growing seasons, giving them just 40 chances to improve on every harvest.
Michael Salter, Organised Sexual Abuse|Subjective storytelling is now almost as common in the news media as it is in feature films, TV dramas, novels or theater shows. Journalists at their worst are self-centered storytellers who either knowingly or unknowingly bend truths into stories that match their personal beliefs or those of their employers.
R. Alan Woods, The Journey Is The Destination: A Photo Journal|We all have a past that may be worthy of some criticism".~R. Alan Woods [2012]
Don Roff|A pawn only needs to move five spaces to become the queen" - from Bhendi Bazaar
Alberto Caeiro, The Collected Poems of Alberto Caeiro|If science wants to be truthful,What science is more truthful than the science of things without science?I close my eyes and the hard earth where I’m lyingHas a reality so real even my back feels it.I don’t need reason — I have shoulderblades.
Anne Rice, The Wolf Gift|This is the Supernova," he said. "Any time he gets worked up, his body bursts into white-hot light that disintegrates anything around him. That's how I felt when I was growing up. Everything I had inside of me, I just wanted to turn loose. Felt like my heart had a nuclear reactor melting down inside of it. That's how you feel when you're young and you want everything.
Lauren F. Winner, Still: Notes on a Mid-Faith Crisis|Phyllis and I pray these chaplets together; at three o'clock, every first Saturday. We are never in the same town. For months, we do not speak on the phone or email. We pray these chaplets for just a few minutes, maybe as many as sixty minutes, once a month on a Saturday afternoon. Intimacy with the elusive God is that kind of intimacy. It is the closeness of praying together, apart.
Larry Doyle, I Love You, Beth Cooper|Denis could think of no logical reason why he should not attempt to mate with Beth Cooper.There were no laws explicitly against it.They were of the same species, and had complementary sex organs, most likely, based on extensive mental modeling Denis had done.
John Irving, The World According to Garp|In a school community, someone who reads a book for some secretive purpose, other than discussing it, is strange. What was she reading for?
Christyl Rivers|Lion, lion golden spunin savannahs of the sun,What immortal eye, or handweaves beasts from dreams,sews sky to land?
Elaine MacDonald|Technology is a compulsive and addictive way to live. Verbal communication cannot be lost because of a lack of skill. The ability to listen and learn is key to mastering the art of communication. If you don't use your verbal skills and networking, it will disappear rapidly. Use technology wisely.
|It is very important for you to have a mind of your own because most people can only advice you based on how they see life. Evidently, majority of the people on earth are yet to understand the true meaning of life.
Kapil Sibal|The very word 'secrecy' is repugnant in a free and open society; and we are as a people inherently and historically opposed to secret societies, to secret oaths, and to secret proceedings.
Benjamin Disraeli|Time is precious, but truth is more precious than time.
Kate McKinnon|I always gravitate towards things that are not beautiful, but broken and weird and fascinating
Ray Bradbury|Turn down the volume of your negative inner voice and create a nurturing inner voice to take it’s place. When you make a mistake, forgive yourself, learn from it, and move on instead of obsessing about it. Equally important, don’t allow anyone else to dwell on your mistakes or shortcomings or to expect perfection from you.
H.G. Wells, Tono-Bungay|As we drew nearer the green shore the bearded man told me of that land, the Land of Zar, where dwell all the dreams and thoughts of beauty that come to men once and then are forgotten. And when I looked upon the terraces again I saw that what he said was true, for among the sights before me were many things I had once seen through the mists beyond the horizon and in the phosphorescent depths of the ocean.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When you have much higher ethical values than the ethical values of your own people, you stop belonging to your own people, to your own country because your people and your country are now located in the low levels of humanity!
Norton Juster, The Phantom Tollbooth|It appeared that way, Lawrence, but this raised the question of was mathematics really true or was it just a game played with symbols? In other words—are we discovering Truth, or just wanking?
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|The time will come that humans will be able to grasp the true essence of matter, so they will no longer need their physical bodies in order to live and to exist in this universe.
Amit Kalantri, 5 Feet 5 Inch Run Machine – Sachin Tendulkar|I would like to be an umpire when Sachin is batting, so to get the best possible view of his shots.
Ming-Dao Deng, Everyday Tao: Living with Balance and Harmony|A doctor once told me I feel too much. I said, so does god. that’s why you can see the grand canyon from the moon.
Sunday Adelaja|As we fulfill our dream and move toward success, we will not escape fighting
Isabel Allende|Let us eat and drink neither forgetting death unduly nor remembering it. The Lord hath mercy on whom he will have mercy, etc., and the less we think about it the better.
Brooks Palmer, Clutter Busting: Letting Go of What's Holding You Back|Emotions play a vital part in the social transmission of news and information. Interest, happiness, disgust, surprise, sadness, anger, fear and contempt affect how some stories catch on and travel far wider than others.
Chris Vonada|Rod Cockshutt, Professor Emeritus at N.C. State University called my book, Evidence of Insanity, "an extraordinary achievement" and told me to not change the last 10-15 pages no matter what.
Sunday Adelaja|This generation is earnestly waiting for you, for a change
Khadija Rupa, Unexpressed Feelings|Things around here function on lies because if people knew the truth, it wouldn't work.
Doris Lessing|A library in the middle of a community is a cross between an emergency exit, a life-raft and a festival. They are cathedrals of the mind; hospitals of the soul; theme parks of the imagination. On a cold rainy island, they are the only sheltered public spaces where you are not a consumer, but a citizen instead
Richard Adams, The Plague Dogs|Dogs are blameless, devoid of calculation, neither blessed nor cursed with human motives. They can't really be held responsible for what they do. But we can."--from The Dogs of Bedlam Farm
Roy  Richardson|To change her mind is a woman's prerogative, to change his mind is a man's purgatory.
John O'Donohue, Anam Cara: A Book of Celtic Wisdom|You once told me you could stand many things.” My voice was raspy from all the emotions battering against those well-honed inner defenses.“So can I. I can stand whatever Apollyon dishes out, can take the bigotry from others over what I am, the freaky ghost juju from Marie, all thecraziness my mother can throw at me, and even the pain of my uncle dying. But the one thing that I would never, ever recover from would be losingyou. You made me promise before to go on if that happened, but Bones”—here my words broke and tears spilled down my cheeks—“I wouldn’twant to.”He’d been near the side of the bed when I started talking, but was in my arms before the first tear fell. Very softly, his lips brushed over those wetstreaks, coming back pink from the drops still shimmering on them.“No matter what happens, you will never lose me,” he whispered. “I am forever yours, Kitten, in this life or the next.
Charles Bukowski, Women|Her violence frightened me. She always claimed that I was the jealous one, and I was often jealous, but when I saw things working against me I simply became disgusted and withdrew. Lydia was different. She reacted. She was the Head Cheerleader at the Game of Violence.
Rochelle Aytes|The second one, the joint Truth and Friendship Commission, which we started now with Indonesia, that is the one that has been criticized; its terms of reference call for providing amnesty for those who cooperate in telling the truth. It does not lead to prosecution.
T.S. Eliot, Four Quartets|I just wondered where you —” Ron broke off, shrugging. “Nothing. I’m going back to bed.”“Just thought you’d come nosing around, did you?” Harry shouted. He knew that Ron had no idea what he’d walked in on, knew he hadn’t done it on purpose, but he didn’t care — at this moment he hated everything about Ron, right down to the several inches of bare ankle showing beneath his pajama trousers.
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|As ever in the family Goodman, someone would have to swallow feelings here, and it was easier that it be Mercer.
Tamara Rose Blodgett, Blood Singers|The vampire moved as a unit, talons extended, fangs sprung free of their houses of flesh.They came to where the delectable smell of fresh blood was released. A quality without compare. It was as if a thousand year old bottle of wine lay breathing.On a cold stone floor, but paces away from consumption.
Maisie Williams|My biggest thing about being a role model is whatever I'm preaching, I'm practicing. If I'm telling people I'm boxing and then I'm eating a burger tonight, it's because I am. I'm not cheating and eating a salad and then being like, 'Yeah! Burgers are cool!'
Alex Rosa, Tryst|They say I am a brave girlI'm a hailstorm for the rainI'm a volcano for the mountainI'm a diamond for the stoneAnd I wonder if I can be real me.I see the crowdI hear the noiceI keep my patience.But inside I want to screamYes I want to scream like hell.And when she call me on phone,I wonder how she knows it.I wonder how she hears those silent words..How she sees those forbidden tears...I wonder how she knows I am missing somewhere...
Henry Hazlitt|Full many a gem of purest ray sereneThe dark unfathom'd caves of ocean bear:Full many a flower is born to blush unseen,And waste its sweetness on the desert air.
Albert Einstein|If you want your children to be intelligent, read them fairy tales. If you want them to be more intelligent, read them more fairy tales.
Samuel Adams|We live on a planet that is amazing, beautiful, and full of wonder but not protected from powerful destructive forces of nature. We are capable of doing wonderful and selfless things but also self-absorbed and harmful things. This is the world we live in.
Lauren Bacall|If I ever felt inclined to be timid as I was going into a room full of people  I would say to myself  "You're the cleverest member of one of the cleverest families in the cleverest class of the cleverest nation. ... Why should you be frightened?"
Adolfo Bioy Casares, Diary of the War of the Pig|He believed he understood, for the first time, why people say life is a dream: if you live long enough, the events of a lifetime, like the events of a dream, cannot be communicated, simply because they are of no interest to anyone.Human beings themselves, after death, become figures in a dream to the survivors , they fade away and are forgotten, like dreams that were once convincing, but which no one cares to hear about. There are parents who find in their children a receptive audience, with the result that in the child's credulous imagination they find a last semblance of life, which quickly dims out as if they had never existed. ...
A.E. Via|Are you in love with him, Leonidis?”“Yes.” Again there wasn’t an ounce of hesitation, and even Day had to admit that he was shocked as shit at his confession.“You never mentioned that Cash was gay,” Jax said.“I know.”“Leo, what are you doing? Falling for a straight man, and your partner at that?” His brother tried to make eye contact with him.Day finally looked into his brother’s eyes, soft hazel ones that matched his own, and told him. “He loves me back. Straight, gay, bi, goddamn tranny…whatever he is. That man loves me too. He just hasn’t said it yet,” Day took another sip, “but he will.”Day was relieved his brother left that subject alone.
Liane Moriarty, The Husband's Secret|Only a man could come up with something so ruthless, so essentially stupid and yet brutally effective.
Kevin J.  Donaldson|The notion of carefully wrought bullshit involves, then, a certain innerstrain. Thoughtful attention to detail requires discipline and objectivity. It entails accepting standards and limitations that forbid the indulgence of impulse or whim. It is this selflessness that, in connection with bullshit, strikes us as inapposite. But in fact it is not out of the question at all. The realms of advertising and of public relations, and the nowadays closely related realm of politics, are replete with instances of bullshit so unmitigated that they can serve among the most indisputable and classic paradigms of the concept. And in these realms there are exquisitely sophisticated craftsmen who - with the help of advanced and demanding techniques of market research, of public opinion polling, of psychological testing, and so forth - dedicate themselves tirelessly to getting every word and image they produce exactly right.
Saira Viola, Slide, a Modern Satire on the Excess of Greed|Processions, meetings, military parades, lectures, waxwork displays, film shows, telescreen programs all had to be organized; stands had to be erected, effigies built, slogans coined, songs written, rumours circulated, photographs faked.
LadyTiara|Live for the present, as the past has gone and the future as yet to arrive.
Catherine Asaro, The Fire Opal|You can talk to me, too.""I do!""But you say so little.""Women talk a great deal to one another. All this gossip and such. I am not a woman.""What do you do when you have to command your men?" She inquired, exasperated. "Grunt?
Kathleen Valentine, The Old Mermaid's Tale: A Novel of the Great Lakes|The soul, they say, is divine and the flesh is iniquity. But I am a musician and I ask this - without the wood and the strings of the violin, where would the sonata find form?
Osho|It's tough out there, boy, and as long as there are people, there’s gonna be somebody trying to take what you got and trying to drag you down. It's up to you whether you let them or not.
Fernando Pessoa|The value of things is not the time they last, but the intensity with which they occur. That is why there are unforgettable moments and unique people!
Katina Makris, Out of the Woods: Healing from Lyme Disease for Body, Mind, and Spirit|What endurance is to the body, is what perseverance is to the mind.
brody campbell|Martha told me, "I don't know how you're going to talk about romance in your book, but you're going to have to because its truly part of all our lives down there-and in a big way- because its an incredibly sensuous environment. Think of how many times you've fallen in love down there, and how many times people have fallen in love with you. Its a place where we shine. We're the happiest in our lives. We're vibrant. We're just so full of life, and not only does that put you in the mood for love, it sets you up for it. People are really drawn to people who are shining, who feel so happy where they are and who they are and what they're doing and who they're doing it with.
Dodie Smith, I Capture the Castle|When you arrive in the afterlife, you find that Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley sits on a throne. She is cared for and protected by a covey of angels. After some questioning, you find out that God's favorite book is Shelley's Frankenstein. He sits up at night with a worn copy of the book clutched in his mighty hands, alternately reading the book and staring reflectively at the night sky.
Marty Rubin|When I told the rainbow what its colors meant, it laughed.
Mya Robarts, The V Girl|Snow is both our best friend and worst enemy. Best friend because it shows us in a concrete form the paths other have taken to get where they are. Worst enemy because it will tell such tales of us if we chance upon it. I find poetry in snow that cannot be resisted. In a way, it is the closest to time travel most civilians will ever manage.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Your relationships will either empower you to overcome obstacles, or put fears in you so you can run away from them.
Frank McCourt|I became a teacher all right. I wanted to become a teacher because I had a misconception about it. I didn't know that I'd be going into - when I first became a high school teacher in New York, that I'd be going into a battle zone, and no one prepared me for that.
Alan Dean Foster, Star Wars - The Force Awakens|Han Solo.A legend of the Rebellion against the Empire. Trader, pirate, con man, and fighter extraordinaire. It was hard to believe he was real, Finn thought. Solo was history come to life.
Mark Twain|I shall expect my husband to have no pleasures but what he shares with me; and if his greatest pleasure of all is not the enjoyment of my company - why - it will be the worse for him - that's all.''If such are your expectations of matrimony, Esther, you must, indeed, be careful whom you marry - or rather, you must avoid it altogether.
Jamaica Kincaid|It is too late! Ah, nothing is too lateTill the tired heart shall cease to palpitate.Cato learned Greek at eighty; SophoclesWrote his grand Oedipus, and SimonidesBore off the prize of verse from his compeers,When each had numbered more than fourscore years,And Theophrastus, at fourscore and ten,Had but begun his Characters of Men.Chaucer, at Woodstock with the nightingales,At sixty wrote the Canterbury Tales;Goethe at Weimar, toiling to the last,Completed Faust when eighty years were past,These are indeed exceptions; but they showHow far the gulf-stream of our youth may flowInto the arctic regions of our lives.Where little else than life itself survives.
Ron Currie Jr., Everything Matters!|Partying means drinking. It also means playing records by Lou Reed and Chicago, which I thought was a city but is also a band it turns out.
Meg Cabot, Queen of Babble|Weight doesn’t matter. It really doesn’t. I mean, it does if you’re a model or whatever.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Intellectual growth is when you surpass the barrier of puerility, puzzling people with your dazzling creativity.
Jhumpa Lahiri, The Lowland|Most people trusted in the future, assuming that their preferred version of it would unfold.
Anna Godbersen, The Luxe|A part of me was hoping someone would wake up and hear, so I wouldn't have to live with this lie anymore. But no one woke up and in the silence that followed, I understood the nature of my new curse: I was going to get away with it.
Nedra Reynolds, Portfolio Keeping: A Guide for Students|Again, keep everything.
László Krasznahorkai, Satantango|The difference between God an I is that everyday, I too deal with people who don't love but I have no desire to kill them or wish them to suffer for all of eternity for it
Jessica Park, Left Drowning|You're lucky. You're getting this over with now. You only fall in love for the first time once.""That's very Taylor Swift of you," I say.
Brother Lawrence, The Practice of the Presence of God|When the mind, for want of being sufficiently reduced by recollection at our first engaging in devotion, has contracted certain bad habits of wandering and dissipation, they are difficult to overcome, and commonly draw us, even against our wills, to the things of the earth.I believe one remedy for this is to confess our faults, and to humble ourselves before God. I do not advise you to use multiplicity of words in prayer: many words and long discourses being often the occasions of wandering. Hold yourself in prayer before God, like a dumb or paralytic beggar at a rich man's gate. Let it be your business to keep your mind in the presence of the Lord. If it sometimes wander and withdraw itself from Him, do not much disquiet yourself for that: trouble and disquiet serve rather to distract the mind than to re-collect it: the will must bring it back in tranquility. If you persevere in this manner, God will have pity on you.
Montgomery Thompson|Wait awhile, and everything will change."~'Griblich
Alexander Blok, The Silver Age of Russian Culture: An Anthology|... while we are familiar with the adverse effect of drink on an empty stomach, we are now witnessing the far worse effect of drink on an empty mind.
A.E. Samaan|Socialists seem to think George Orwell’s 1984 is a suggestion, or at least are unashamed of mimicking the methods of the totalitarian state Orwell depicted. Libertarians know it to be a warning, and a government that micro-manages all aspects of humanity an intolerable reality.
Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games|Katniss: I’m coming back into focus when Caesar asks him if he has a girlfriend back home. Peeta: (Gives an unconvincing shake of head.)Caesar: Handsome lad like you. There must be some special girl. Come on, what’s her name?Peeta: Well, there is this one girl. I’ve had a crush on her ever since I can remember. But I’m pretty sure she didn’t know I was alive until the reaping.Caesar: She have another fellow?Peeta: I don’t know, but a lot of boys like her.Caesar: So, here’s what you do. You win, you go home. She can’t turn you down, eh?Peeta: I don’t think it’s going to work out. Winning… won’t help in my case.Caesar: Why ever not?Peeta: Because… because… she came here with me.Caesar: Oh, that is a piece of bad luck.Peeta: It’s not good.Caesar: Well, I don’t think any of us can blame you. It’d be hard not to fall for that young lady. She didn’t know?Peeta: Not until now.
Colleen Houck, Tiger's Curse|I once read that most people are afraid to live alone because to live alone means to die alone. They have visions of themselves eating their breakfast, enjoying the dripping sluice of a ripe plum, and then suddenly the lights go out and they fall face-first into their pancakes. People, it seems, are less afraid of loneliness than worrying about what other people will think when they’re found in some unappealing, disintegrating state, tongue out, one leg curled underneath the other, internal fluids in a puddle on the floor, etcetera. Most people are afraid that if left alone, they will not be found. Being found is apparently of the utmost importance to people.
Margaret Cavendish, The Blazing World and Other Writings|...that in former ages they had been as wise as they are in this present, nay, wiser; for, said they, many in this age do think their forefathers have been fools, by which they prove themselves to be such.
Tyga|Memories are the best things in life, I think.
Ta-Nahisi Coates|The next time an unbeliever tells you they would believe in God "if He would just do a miracle," you will know that is not true. Miracles do not convert people, God converts people.
Terry Pratchett|Death is not an event in life: we do not live to experience death. If we take eternity to mean not infinite temporal duration but timelessness, then eternal life belongs to those who live in the present.
Sheila Jeffreys, Beauty and Misogyny: Harmful Cultural Practices in the West|...women's bodies are "inferiorised, stigmatized . . . within an overarching patriarchal ideology.For example, biologically and physiologically, women's bodies are seen as both disgusting in their natural state and inferior to men's'' (2001, p. 141).
Lisa Kleypas, Secrets of a Summer Night|Roses climbed the shed, entwined with dark purple clematis, leaves as glossy as satin. There were no thorns. Patience's cupboard was overflowing with remedies, and the little barn was often crowded with seekers. The half acre of meadow was wild with cosmos and lupine, coreopsis, and sweet William. Basil, thyme, coriander, and broad leaf parsley grew in billowing clouds of green; the smell so fresh your mouth watered and you began to plan the next meal. Cucumbers spilled out of the raised beds, fighting for space with the peas and beans, lettuce, tomatoes, and bright yellow peppers.The cart was righted out by the road and was soon bowed under glass jars and tin pails of sunflowers, zinnias, dahlias, and salvia. Pears, apples, and out-of-season apricots sat in balsa wood baskets in the shade, and watermelons, some with pink flesh, some with yellow, all sweet and seedless, lined the willow fence.
Anna Asche|When one has come to explore the ' instant moment ' and one has chosen to savor the delights of life, which are hidden behind the curtain of haste and superficiality, then ' mental time ' is replacing ' sequential time '. So ' here ' and ' now ' are keeping hustle and impatience in check. (" Just for a moment ")
Alan Rickman|I mean, language fascinates me anyway, and different words have different energies and you can change the whole drive of a sentence.
Philipp Meyer, The Son|If life is becoming a race, could it be time to slow down?"el
Anna Sui|I do, I kick major butt in 'Dredd.' I get to kill people. I break a guy's neck by roundhouse kicking him in the face. It was me, I did it. I learned how to roundhouse kick. I also do it with my hands cuffed behind my back so it's pretty cool I have to say. Yeah, leather body suit, blonde hair, the whole thing.
Amy Leigh Mercree, The Spiritual Girl's Guide to Dating: Your Enlightened Path to Love, Sex, & Soul Mates|An empowered sense of self-love means you truly love and accept yourself as you would a treasured lover or a sweet, wonderful child, and that you do this from a place of strength of character and belief in yourself.
Domonique Bertolucci, The Happiness Code: Ten Keys to Being the Best You Can Be|When you decide to be the bestyou can be, don’t be surprisedif the circle of people youwant to spend your time withbecomes smaller.
Alice Walker|When I'm working, I'm very purposeful and everything else gets out of focus. Something I've had to work on together with my wife is how to acknowledge each other in the midst of this and keep the relationship going.
R.A. Torrey|Life has a peculiar feel when you look back on it that it doesn't have when you're actually living it. It's as though the whole thing were designed to be understood in hindsight, as though you'll never know the meaning of your experiences until you've had enough of them to provide reference.
Phyllis McGinley|The loneliest ebb of my life came on that Christmas eve, only one day after my arrival in New York. The abyss of loneliness. I ate a solitary dinner in a small cafe, and the very food tasted bitter with my unshed tears. One doesn't dare cry in America. It is unmanly here.
Jane Wiedlin|I sail, run dogs, ride horses, play professional poker and tell stories about the stuff I've been through. And I'm still a romantic; I still want Bambi to make it out of the fire.
Dada Bhagwan|To say, ‘he lacks understanding’, about someone is an open kashay (inner weakness of anger-pride-deceit-greed).
Martha N. Beck, Diana, Herself: An Allegory of Awakening|The mirror image of suffering is the truth. Try it. Change the story. Change the course of your entire history. Right now.” “You want me to lie about my past?” Diana wipes tears from her face with the back of her hand. “No, to tell the story a truer way,” says Herself. “Any story can be told infinite ways, dear, but listen to me. Listen well. If a story liberates your soul, believe it. But if a story imprisons you, believe its mirror image.
Zoe York, What Once Was Perfect|Don't be coy, Joshua. No matter how much money the other men here have, they can't buy what you've gotten for free.
Maya Angelou|I believe a man’s finest hour often comes when he is at his weakest. When he is broken, affronted and at a place of great emotional transparency. It’s there he has the rare insight of an inescapable truth…he’s merely a man. As his bravado washes away into a puddle of reflective tears, it reveals that he is merely flesh, blood and bones and amounts to very little without the love and guidance of our creator. It’s only then, that I believe, a man begins to truly find his way.
Jason Versey, A Walk with Prudence|There’s no greater perjury than self-deception. Lying to ourselves puts to death our definitive truth. Confronting the lies we’ve told ourselves, no matter how small, is a difficult endeavor but nothing is more liberating. To be honest with ourselves is the fastest path to self-acceptance. Being authentic about who we are, actually enriches the relationships around us. The truth sets us free and that’s no lie. ~Jason Versey
Arash Tabish|You kill one, there was another in his place, and what's worse, his nephew now hated you, his friend now hated you. . . . There was no end.
Josh Stern, And That’s Why I’m Single|It's not hard to fail...it's hard to accept you failed...but once that's out of the way, it's pretty smooth sailing
Virginia Toole|Give your all in the Here and Now , with all of your heart
Debasish Mridha|What we call human is nothing but a dance of trillions of well organized, interconnected, interesting, and magical molecules.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|The harsh dimness that follows loss isn’t static, but charged with the energy of immanent change. Hurt, I was left with a choice: wallow and stay in the dark, or seek light and fight to reach it. These two paths emerged. I had this choice to make. Loss is the shocking catalyst of transformation. I saw that this mountain valley, haunted by senseless murders, darker, had absorbed unthinkable violence and turned it into mesmerizing light. My rape became my catalyst. Rape gave me cause to flee the muteness – forced me into making a bold and forceful change. I chose to fight to find a way to leave to seek my own strength and beauty. I was searching to find the way to make light.
Red Tash, Troll Or Derby|The root of humanly caused evil is not man's animal nature, not territorial aggression, or innate selfishness, but our need to gain self-esteem, deny our mortality, and achieve a heroic self-image. Our desire for the best is the cause of the worst.
Gail Honeyman, Eleanor Oliphant is Completely Fine|The gilded confines of the Beauty Hall were not my preferred habitat; like the chicken that had laid the eggs for my sandwich, I was more of a free-range creature.
MISAKI|Truly Time is a vast Denful of Horrour, round about which a Serpent winds and in the winding bites itself by the Tail. Now, now is the Hour, every Hour, every part of an Hour, every Moment, which in its end does begin again and never ceases to end: a beginning continuing, always ending.
Sue Monk Kidd, The Invention of Wings|We are our secrets, and, if all goes well, we will take them with us to where no-one can touch them.
Nadine Gordimer, The Pickup|The mind leans on [innate] principles every moment, but it does not come so easily to distinguish them and to represent them distinctly and separately, because that demands great attention to its acts, and the majority of people, little accustomed to think, has little of it.
M.J. Rose, The Witch of Painted Sorrows|The voice, for its part, has the peculiarity that when released it carries the weight of the body from which it has come; since that weight is erotic reality, lovers believe they can embrace words of love, they believe they can make them into a continuum of love that will last forever.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You cannot drown a fish in the ocean, no matter how deep you sink it.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Every heart has a layer of sadness, whether deeply buried or covering the surface for all to see.
Rainbow Rowell, Carry On|I don’t understand what makes them come out like that!”“Hunger,” said Jem. “Were you thinking about blood?”“No.”“Were you thinking about eating me?” Will inquired.“No!"“No one would blame you,” said Jem. “He’s very annoying.
Victor Cousin|The Supreme Court's only armor is the cloak of public trust; its sole ammunition, the collective hopes of our society.
Mohamed Saad|You can train and work on the speed bag and heavy bag, but when you get in the ring,…It is a different story.
Tom Hanks|Any new legal measures, or cooperative arrangements between government and companies meant to keep people from organizing violence or criminal actions, must not be carried out in ways that erode due process, rule of law and the protection of innocent citizens' political and civil rights.
Charlotte Eriksson, Empty Roads & Broken Bottles; in search for The Great Perhaps|It's about personal development. It's about creating your own character and pushing it to the limit. It's about pushing yourself so far out of your own and everybody else's idea of who you are and what you're capable of, that you no longer believe in limits. It's about reaching beyond your so-called potential, because your potential is never where you or anyone else expects it to be, not even close. It's about being able to say with the last breath of your life “I used all my potential and all my talents and pushed myself to the limit. I could not have fought any harder.
Karen Armstrong|The poetry you read has been written for you, each of you - black, white, Hispanic, man, woman, gay, straight.
James Nasmyth|But today, government is taking those rights from us, pretending that it gives us our rights. Indeed, those rights come from God, and it was recognized throughout our history as such.
Jessica Zafra, Twisted Travels|Singapore is what your city could become if everyone obeyed the rules, did their jobs diligently, and just shut up. When your city gets to be this paragon of efficiency and discipline, would you still want to live there? Singapore is a model city, which is terrific if you happen to be a model human.
Luke Davies, Candy|First of all, you have to keep unmasking the world about you for what it is: manipulative, controlling, power-hungry, and, in the long run, destructive. The world tells you many lies about who you are, and you simply have to be realistic enough to remind yourself of this. Every time you feel hurt, offended, or rejected, you have to dare to say to yourself: 'These feelings, strong as they may be, are not telling me the truth about myself. The truth, even though I cannot feel it right now, is that I am the chosen child of God, precious in God's eyes, called the Beloved from all eternity, and held safe in an everlasting belief.
Christopher Healy, The Hero's Guide to Being an Outlaw|Ha! Good luck, lady!" Gustav laughed and tapped his thick index finger against his temple. "No one knows what goes on inside this head. Not even me.
Irene Hunt, Up a Road Slowly|It happens the world over - we love ourselves more than we do the one we say we love. We all want to be Number One, we've got to be Number One or nothing! We can't see that we could make ourselves loved and needed in the Number Two, or Three, or Four spot. No sir, we've got to be Number One, and if we can't make it, we'll rip and tear at the loved one till we've ruined every smidgin of love that was ever there.
George R.R. Martin, A Storm of Swords|Jon Snow, is this a proper castle now? Not just a tower?”“It is.” Jon took her hand.“Good,” she whispered. “I wanted t’ see one proper castle, before … before I …”“You’ll see hundred castles. The battle’s done. Maester Aemon will see to you. You’re kissed by fire, remember? Lucky. It will take more than an arrow to kill you. Aemon will draw it out and patch you up, and we’ll get milk of the poppy for the pain.”She just smiled at that. “D’you remember that cave? We should have stayed in that cave. I told you so.”“We’ll go back to the cave,” he said.” You’re not going to die, Ygritte. You’re not.”“Oh.” Ygritte cupped his cheek with her hand. “You know nothing, Jon Snow,” she sighed, dying.
St. John Morris|St John had always been a fan of the RS Turbo, mainly due to the colour coded rear spoiler and air vents in the bonnet, which distinguished it from the more common and less powerful XR3i.
V.L. Dreyer, Winter|Because: Love Never Dies, What is Within is More Important than What is Without, The Best is Not Always the Most Obvious and Once You've Loved Truly, Thor, then You Know the Way
Max McKeown, The Strategy Book|For her own breakfast she'll project a scheme,Nor take her tea without a strategem.
Mitch Albom, Have a Little Faith: a True Story|So, have we solved the secret of happiness? "I believe so," he said. Are you going to tell me? "Yes. Ready?" Ready. "Be satisfied." That's it? "Be grateful." That's it? "For what you have. For the love you receive. And for what God has given you." That's it? He looked me in the eye. Then he sighed deeply. "That's it.
Emmi Itäranta, Memory of Water|The first time Akash took Supriya to view the pool, I rose up in strident protest, and he was astonished by the way she turned her face away, her eyes filled with terror. “I am petrified of water!” she whispered, as he tried to cajole her to at least put her feet in.
Firas Alkhateeb, Lost Islamic History: Reclaiming Muslim Civilisation from the Past|Harun AlRashid known for his wealth & diplomatic relations, sent an embassy to France that included an elephant & a water clock
Milton Friedman|I think that nothing is so important for freedom as recognizing in the law each individual’s natural right to property, and giving individuals a sense that they own something that they’re responsible for, that they have control over, and that they can dispose of.
Karl Popper|For most of history, Anonymous was a woman.
William Godwin|I went from being totally unknown and never acting professionally to being in a major movie and being very famous. It all happened so quickly, I didn't have any time to work things out. It's been pretty scary at times.
Marissa Meyer, Winter|But here we call it Spring, when a young man’s fancy turns,fitfully, lightly, to idling in the sun,to touching in the dark. And the old man's?To worms in their garden box; stepping asidea moment in a poem that will remember,fitfully, who made it and the discordand stammer, and change of heart and catch of breathit sprang from. A bending downlightly to touch the earth.
James A. Murphy, The Waves of Life Quotes and Daily Meditations|Life is this simple ~ birth, eat, drink, play, explore, and relate to family and friends; be happy and enjoy life…!
Criss Jami, Killosophy|When you care about someone, you can’t just turn that off because you learn they betrayed you.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Our personalities, our intelligence, and our capabilities are gifts from [God’s] own bountiful hand. If we divert their use for our own profit, we become guilty of selfishness.
Julie Kagawa, The Iron King|My name is Ferrum. I was the first, born of the forges, when mankind first began to experiment with iron. I rose from their imagination, from their ambition to conquer the world with a metal that could slice through bronze like paper. I was there when the world started to shift, when humans took their first steps out of the Dark Ages into civilization. For many years, I thought I was alone. But mankind is never satisfied. Others came, risen from these dreams of a new world... Then, with the invention of computers, the gremlins came, and the bugs. Given life by the fear of monsters lurking in machines, these were more chaotic than the other fey, violent and destructive. They spread to every part of the world. As technology became a driving force in every country, powerful new fey rose into existence. Virus. Glitch. And Machina, the most powerful of all.
2Pac|Behind every sweet smile, there is a bitter sadness that no one can ever see and feel.
G.A. Aiken, A Tale of Two Dragons|Everything with a beginning has an ending. Any magic that can be done, can be undone. Anything you can make, can be unmade.
Gwendolyn Díaz, More Beautiful You: A Study of True Beauty|When it came time to build a tabernacle, the Israelite women brought all their mirrors to Moses so he could use them to make God's building more beautiful. (Exodus 38:8.) They were far more interested in enjoying God's glory than reflecting on their own images.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|Be careful with those promises who whisper while wooing and loving someone. There are those that take them to heart, and some who take them to soul.
Graeme Goldsworthy, Gospel-Centered Hermeneutics: Foundations and Principles of Evangelical Biblical Interpretation|My knowledge is, if you will follow the teachings of Jesus Christ and his Apostles, as recorded in the New Testament, every man and woman will be put in possession of the Holy Ghost; every person will become a Prophet, Seer, and Revelator, and an expounder of truth. They will know things that are, that will be, and that have been. They will understand things in heaven, things on the earth, and things under the earth, things of time, and things of eternity, according to their several callings and capacities.
Jane Davitt, Room at the Top|In an ideal world, no one would need a therapy. In this world, many people did but didn’t get it for a variety of reasons. Liam believed some of them turned to the world of doms and subs.
Leo Tolstoy, Eleven Stories|Remember that there is onlyone important time and is Now. The present moment isthe only time over which we have dominion. The mostimportant person is always the person with whom youare, who is right before you, for who knows if you willhave dealings with any other person in the future. Themost important pursuit is making that person, the onestanding at you side, happy, for that alone is the pursuitof life.
Noel Gallagher|Perfection's a myth, the latter was only meant to define it.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, Night Flight|No destiny attacks us from outside. But, within him, man bears his fate and there comes a moment when he knows himself vulnerable; and then, as in a vertigo, blunder upon blunder lures him.
Spider Robinson, Callahan's Crosstime Saloon|The problems of today's youth were no longer a Sunday supplement, or a news broadcast, or anything so remote and intangible. They were suddenly become a dirty, shivering boy, who told us that in this world we had built for him with our sweat and our blood, he was not only tired of living, but so unscared of dying that he did it daily, sometimes for recreation.
Michelle Sagara West, Cast in Silence|What would this have been, if it had more power to give?""This may come as a surprise to you," he replied dryly, "But I am not an Ancient. Nor am I, human philosophy aside, a living construct.""Which means you don't know.""Which means, as you so succinctly put it, I do not know." - Kaylin & Tiamaris
Ellen Read, Love The Gift|Mark ran his fingers over the bindings and whispered words, written long ago, words that wriggled through the aged leather, trembled beneath his touch. What lives and loves, hopes and dreams, deaths and despair these volumes held.
Jean Vanier|Suddenly I register that St. Clair is shorter than Josh. Much shorter. It’s odd I didn’t notice earlier, but he doesn’t carry himself like a short guy. Most are shy or defensive, or some messed-up combination of the two, but St. Clair is confident and friendly and—
Jude Morgan, The Taste of Sorrow|But we disposable women have to be realistic in this life, you know. Else we get itchy and discontented and start contemplating the kitchen knife and wondering whether it wouldn't look nicer between someone's shoulder-blades.
Charbel Tadros|A truly successful person is not one who achieves his highest ambitions, but one who enjoys helping others reach theirs.
Guy de Maupassant, 88 Short Stories|For some years he had felt weighing on him the burden of loneliness which sometimes overwhelms old bachelors. He had been strong, active and cheerful, spending his days in sport, and his evenings in amusement. Now he was growing dull, and no longer took interest in anything. Exercise tired him, suppers and even dinners made him ill, while women bored him as much as they had once amused him.
Susan Sontag|I won't share everything, both in my act or in interviews. Some of the people who become the most famous are the most self-revelatory, and I'm like, 'No, it's just not worth it to me.'
Sanjeev Himachali|Out of his zestful study of Man, from Thucydides to the Encyclopaedists, from Seneca to Rousseau, he had confirmed into an unassailable conviction his earliest conscious impressions of the general insanity of his own species.
Carroll Bryant|Know who you are, and be it. Know what you want, and go out and get it!
James Hansen|The only protection as a historian is to institute a process of research and writing that minimizes the possibility of error. And that I have tried to do, aided by modern technology, which enables me, having long since moved beyond longhand, to use a computer for both organizing and taking notes.
Michael     Carroll|What’s interesting about the relationship between gay men and women is there can be a lot of affection, but there’s a line that you don’t cross.
Julia Green, Drawing with Light|That's what memory is like: layers, one overlapping another, and compacting down the way old leaves slowly crumble and turn to a rich peaty soil, nourishing the new things that will grow. It's why it's important, remembering things. It's why it matters, when the memories aren't there, and no one fills in the gaps for you.
Al Gore|When you believe in what you're doing and use your imagination and initiative, you can make a difference.
Christopher Moore, A Dirty Job|But Charlie could imagine, because he was a Beta Male, and imagination was his curse....
Martin Suarez|To not be optimistic about the human race, would be a disregard of the power of the Spirit who created All
Ed Lynskey, After the Big Noise|The recruiters came and talked with us in school, and I remember it like yesterday. I wasn't interested. I told them I wanted to do something good. I told them I wanted to help people. I told them I couldn't do it, told them I wasn't interested. But they told me that there was no better way to do good and help people. They told me they helped people all the time. Doing good was what they were about. Plus they were going to pay me. Where else could I get paid for helping people? Plus they would pay for my college. Plus, in addition to helping people, and paying me, and paying for my college, they would teach me a skill. I would be helping people, and seeing the world, and earning money, and having college paid for, and learning a skill that I could use later to earn money and help people. In the end, it was a pretty easy decision.
Rachel Cusk|So much is lost, he said, in the shipwreck. What remains are fragments, and if you don't hold on to them the sea will take them too.
Charlotte Brontë|When you're young, everything carries a twin charge of novelty and infinite possibility
German poet Goethe 17491832|These dreams are disappearingSpeak and be misunderstood Or be silent and goodand as how far as it lookThese dreams are disappearing..Put hopes in a box and tieIt's either protect it or dieMaintain the truth or talk a lieThese dreams are disappearing..Mountains of gold and a lovely cata house by a lake and a lovely chata day in paradise and all of thatThese dreams are disappearing..Chase a purpose of life and doand be the one you wanted toand be with who have always wanted youThese dreams are disappearing..Run in pace and catch the sunRaise a family and have a sonBuild a home, not only oneThese dreams are disappearing..In daily wars like on regular basesIn daily problems a puzzled mazes In daily issues and complications These dreams are disappearing..Nothing is lost but nothing is healingAll is gone and all is leakingSome hope to hold on to and keep dreamingAlthough these dreams are disappearing...Ahmed Adel Hassona
Jeffrey Tucker|Principles are meant to serve people, not people serving to uphold the principle, while harming the people.
Leo Tolstoy, Resurrection|Some would blame our current problems on an organized conspiracy. I wish it were so simple. Members of a conspiracy can be rooted out and brought to justice. This system, however, is fueled by something far more dangerous than conspiracy. It is driven not by a small band of men but by a concept that has become accepted as gospel: the idea that all economic growth benefits humankind and that the greater the growth, the more widespread the benefits. This belief also has a corollary: that those people who excel at stoking the fires of economic growth should be exalted and rewarded, while those born at the fringes are available for exploitation.
Clarissa Pinkola Estes|The good is, like nature, an immense landscape in which man advances through centuries of exploration.
Rabindranath Tagore, Stray Birds|I was still ringing. I had been my whole life a bell, and never knew it until at that moment I was lifted and struck.
Katy Evans, Commander in Chief|Immeasurably, baby. I love you immeasurably.
Aimee Bender, The Color Master: Stories|People are entitled to different opinions and views. Just because somebody doesn't agree with you doesn't mean they're wrong. Within the context of their reality they feel just as right, as you do within the context of your reality. Appreciate and respect that and perhaps in time you'll find even ground.
Roland Barthes, Mythologies|For the believer in divine creation, the open question of the Mystery of Being is like an open wound. It stings and gapes, and the believer cannot rest till it be healed up, closed up, smeared with the soothing balm of an answer, even if his doctrine be a sophisticated one like Aquinas's or that of the latest Liberal Protestant theologian.
Sachin Kumar Puli|Forgive, Adapt and Evolve, because holding on stagnates your opportunity of being better.
Marisette Burgess|The young of the town, preoccupied with their own germinating angst, which each possessed in varying degree (though few were ever fully aware of its existence), felt no particular connection to the land, its people, its structures, or its history. As such, they had no inclination to defend its invisible borders from declared enemies within or without. They desired only escape from this small village, which each viewed as an existential prison built upon the antiquated expectations of their parents and their parents’ parents. And because of their invisible bondage, the young of this town were possessed by a quiet rage. But this rage laid torpid and inert within them, dulled to sleep by the tired repetition of nothing happening over and over and over again, day after day after day.This is the story of one of those young people, and the terrible things that happened to her, and the terrible things she did as a result.
Michel de Certeau, The Practice of Everyday Life|what does travel ultimately produce if it is not, by a sort of reversal, 'an exploration of the deserted places of my memory,' the return to nearby exoticism by way of a detour through distant places, and the 'discovery' of relics and legends: 'fleeting visions of the French countryside,' 'fragments of music and poetry,' in short, something like an 'uprooting in one's origins (Heidegger)? What this walking exile produces is precisely the body of legends that is currently lacking in one's own vicinity; it is a fiction, which moreover has the double characteristic like dreams or pedestrian rhetoric, or being the effect of displacements and condensations. As a corollary, one can measure the importance of these signifying practices (to tell oneself legends) as practices that invent spaces.
M.F. Moonzajer|These are tears and I am crying.It is not a painful sensation, as I always thought it must be. It feels like the purest expression of feeling that it is possible to have. And the feeling mixes everything up together. Happiness. Sadness. Relief. Sorrow. Love. A mixture if things no psychiatrist ever felt. It is the most wonderful mixture in the world.
Thomas L. Friedman, The World Is Flat: A Brief History of the Twenty-first Century|I do not desire power, but rather to submit to the will of Elamm’.
Holly Black|You have to be positive, and I'm not just talking about athletics, this also applies to life.
Cecelia Ahern, The Gift|Time is more precious than gold, more precious than diamonds, more precious than oil or any valuable treasures. It is time that we do not have enough of; it is time that causes the war within our hearts, and so we must spend it wisely.
Walter Anderson|I was born with a happy heart, and I try to keep a good attitude. It's not true that I'm happy all the time because nobody is, and we all go through our things.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Reality does not create the entire womb of human life. We have eyes that witness truth and beauty. We are creatures that think, plan, dream, and remember. The lambent luminescence supplied by human memory reveals that we live in a dream world. Human imagination tied to memory tells us how to live today and forevermore.
A.S. Neill, Summerhill: A Radical Approach to Child Rearing|Summerhill children are allowed to go through their gangster period, and consequentially more furniture is destroyed.
|No matter how hard you think that you are pushing, there is always more left in you to turn your drive up a notch. Vow to continuously impress your inner positive self.
Dave Pelzer, A Child Called "It"|There is nothing worse than having an enemy who is a total loser. It's incredibly frustrating when seeking revenge against one, because you come to the realization that there is really nothing you can do to make the person's life worse than it already is. They have nothing to take, there is no way to screw them over if you have been their victim. It's maddening.
Laurie Elizabeth Flynn, Firsts|Virginity is supposed to be something a girl gives up only when she is ready and feels comfortable, something a girl discusses at length with her friends and flip-flops over a million times in her mind before actually doing it. A guy is expected to be born ready.But what I realized after Tommy is that they're not. They're just as scared as their girlfriends, maybe even more so because the onus is on them to be gentle, make it last, make it memorable. And most of them haven't a clue.
Albert Camus|It was in Spain that [my generation] learned that one can be right and yet be beaten, that force can vanquish spirit, that there are times when courage is not its own recompense. It is this, doubtless, which explains why so many, the world over, feel the Spanish drama as a personal tragedy.
Victoria Aveyard, Red Queen|The algorithms in his hard drive scrambled and his coding short-circuited. Like she’d downloaded a virus right into his system, he got feverishly hot.
Nicolas Cage|There is no better time than now, this very Christmas season, for all of us to rededicate ourselves to the principles taught by Jesus the Christ. It is the time to love the Lord, our God, with all our heart - and our neighbors as ourselves.
Steven Magee|When I worked in high altitude astronomy, the worst sickness that I experienced was not at the 13,796 feet very high altitude summit of Mauna Kea Observatory (MKO) in Hawaii, it was at Kitt Peak National Observatory (KPNO) in Arizona at the much lower altitude of 6,875 feet. Due to my very high altitude experiences, I knew that this strange sickness was not primarily caused by altitude sickness and was most likely Sick Building Syndrome (SBS). After reporting various behavioral problems in all of the staff to the management team, my contract was not renewed, I was unable to legally protect the health and safety of the workers that I was responsible for, troubleshooting of this environmental problem stopped and I left in a sickened state for my next position before I could find the root cause.
Emily Barr, The One Memory of Flora Banks|Although I don't know much about anything, I know that I have a story. I know that it is not over. There are shades and shadows of adventures and people and wild new places. Whatever Paris might turn out to be, and whatever Dr. Epstein is able to do, I want to be there to find out.
Joseph Campbell, A Joseph Campbell Companion: Reflections on the Art of Living|Writer’s block results from too much head. Cut off your head. Pegasus, poetry, was born of Medusa when her head was cut off. You have to be reckless when writing. Be as crazy as your conscience allows.
Michael Simpson, The Metamorphoses of Ovid|In the deepest places, where physical norms collapse under the crushing water, bodies still fall softly through the dark, days after their vessels have capsized. They decay on their long journey down. Nothing will hit the black sand at the bottom of the world but algae-covered bones.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Be like a rose; no matter how many thorns you encounter in life, bloom.
R.L. Naquin, Phoenix in My Fortune|As a little girl, I'd have given up my Barbie Dreamhouse to have a miniature purple dragon - as an adult, I didn't find it nearly as exciting.
David Mitchell, The Thousand Autumns of Jacob de Zoet|I wish, he thinks, spoken words could be captured and kept in a locket.
Ken Kesey, Sometimes a Great Notion|We stepped carefully, so softly, over thorny plants. The dust had turned to mud, splattering our shoes, socks, and legs. By the time we reached the boat, our clothes were clinging to our flesh and stained with the bloody remains of mosquitoes.
Anne Gracie, The Winter Bride|We lie on the blanket, our bare bodies basking in the sun like Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden. Only our apples were bitten a long time ago, and we ate them too.
Marjorie Garber|If you have a dog, you will most likely outlive it; to get a dog is to open yourself to profound joy and, prospectively, to equally profound sadness.
Adolf Hitler, Mein Kampf|she didn't need anyone. At Wheeler, even when she stood out with her pink hair and quilter army-surplus jacket and combat bots, she did this without apology. It was a great irony that the very fact of a relationship with her would diminish her appeal, that the moment she came to love me back and depend on me as much as I depended on her, she would no longer be a truly independent spirit. No way in hell was I going to be the one to take that quality away from her.
Isaac Asimov, Tales of the Black Widowers|Have you ever come across something you couldn't explain?""Explain in what way? I could explain a ghost by saying, 'yes, that's a ghost.' I take it, that's not what you mean.
Lapo Elkann|I travel a lot, and I hunt for fabrics, then I have the tailor make me something.
Robert Frost|The rain to the wind said,You push and I'll pelt.'They so smote the garden bedThat the flowers actually knelt,And lay lodged--though not dead.I know how the flowers felt.
Éric-Emmanuel Schmitt, Invisible Love|La felicità non consiste nel mettersi al riparo dalla sofferenza, ma di integrarla al tessuto della nostra esistenza.
Dalinar Kholin|I'm a weak man, Navani. I really am. If I give myself a few feet of leeway, I burst through all of my prohibitions.
Milan Kundera, Encounter|Unlike the puerile loyalty to a conviction, loyalty to a friend is a virtue - perhaps the only virtue, the last remaining one.
Gina Conkle, Norse Jewel|If you insist on standing in such a state of undress, it is your shadow that will have to get out of my way.
Sarah Winman, A Year of Marvellous Ways|Alone in her shelter, she allowed herself tears. When her shelter cooled to the touch she called to Gull, “Coming out!” She eased her head out into the smoky air, looked over at Gull. She imaged they both looked like a couple of sweaty, parboiled turtles climbing out of their shells.“Hello, gorgeous.”She laughed. It hurt her throat, but she laughed. “Hey, handsome.
John Larkin, The Shadow Girl|The stage is a magic circle where only the most real things happen, a neutral territory outside the jurisdiction of Fate where stars may be crossed with impunity. A truer and more real place does not exist in all the universe.
Tad Williams, Tailchaser's Song|Tangaloor, fire-brightFlame-foot, farthest walkerYour hunter speaksIn need he walksIn need, but never in fear.
Frank O'Hara, Meditations in an Emergency|My eyes are vague blue, like the sky, and change all the time; they are indiscriminate but fleeting, entirely specific and disloyal, so that no one trusts me. I am always looking away. Or again at something after it has given me up.
Radhika Mundra|To ease a grieving heart is the world's greatest pleasure, more so, when the heart is yours.
William Kirby|The world is ruled by such dreams, dreams of impassioned hearts, and improvisations of warm lips, not by cold words linked in chains of iron sequence, --- not by logic. The heart with its passions, not the understanding with its reasoning, sways, in the long run, the actions of mankind.
Harlan Ellison, Deathbird Stories|Posing the question: does the god of love use underarm deodorant, vaginal spray and fluoride toothpaste?
Lemony Snicket, The Penultimate Peril|Neither were you [born yesterday], unless of course I am wrong, in which case welcome to the world, little baby, and congratulations on learning to read so early in life. 
Connor Franta, A Work in Progress|Seek ye not riches, seek but the society of good men.
Brandon Sanderson, The Final Empire|You should try not to talk so much, friend. You'll sound far less stupid that way.- Breeze
Chris Crutcher|When I was little, I didn't smile much. Don't get me wrong. I was a happy kid, but I couldn't stand the space, dead center, in between my teeth. Yeah, I could whistle through it, but so what? That didn't win me many points on the playground in Medfield, Massachusetts.
Bruce Bawer, Stealing Jesus: How Fundamentalism Betrays Christianity|The writers of religious scriptures and texts would have done humanity a grand service if they would have used just one sentence, in one of the pages out of the thousands, to support respectful and peaceful disagreement.
Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce|I saw my reflection in their eyes, but not the men themselves, not clearly. This preserved the idea that all intelligent and even vaguely attractive men were essentially good. Delusion detest focus and romance provides the veil.
Charles Spurgeon|There is but one law for all, namely that law which governs all law, the law of our Creator, the law of humanity, justice, equity - the law of nature and of nations.
JennAnijah Publishing|Because What we Learn from our Favorite Books, you see in our daily Lives.---JennAnijah Publishing
Elliott Abrams|The Obama administration appears to regard intelligence leaks and briefings more or less like briefings by the Democratic National Committee or White House flack Jay Carney. You use any information at hand, classified or not, and you spin it any way you like, fairly or not.
Auliq Ice|A true lover should be Behave like a slave. Be ready to face every conditions, which are given by Love.
Sue Miller, While I Was Gone|It seems we need someone to know us as we are--with all we have done--and forgive us. We need to tell. We need to be whole in someone's sight: Know this about me, and yet love me. Please. ...for...others it seems there must be a person to redeem us to ourselves. It isn't enough, apparently, to know oneself. To forgive oneself in secret.
Seré Prince Halverson, All the Winters After|During those times, only under piles of blankets did she feel substantial enough not to drift away; they kept her weighted down and a part of the world. But eventually her dog's persistence and her own strong will would win over, and she'd drag herself up from the thick bog and go back to her chores and her books, carving the missing days into the wall so they did not escape entirely.
Paul  Mason, Meltdown: The End of the Age of Greed|There cannot exist in the future an economy which is still mercantile but which isn't capitalist anymore. Before capitalism there were economies which were partially mercantile, but capitalism is the last of this genre.
John Muir, JOHN MUIR Ultimate Collection: Travel Memoirs, Wilderness Essays, Environmental Studies & Letters (Illustrated): Picturesque California, The Treasures ... Redwoods, The Cruise of the Corwin and more|If people in general could be got into the woods, even for once, to hear the trees speak for themselves, all difficulties in the way of forest preservation would vanish.
Felix Wantang, God's Blueprint of the Holy Bible|A man’s main purpose in life is to find his ground, till it and care for it, bringing the Kingdom ofGod there and establishing the Lordship of Jesus Christ over it.
Edmund Morris, Theodore Rex|Some day, my son, you are going to learn that the two greatest joys of being a man are beating the hell out of someone and getting the hell beaten out of you, good night.
Cindy Crawford|My mom used to tell me that the most valuable thing she owned was her library card. We were poor, but that's not what she was talking about. My mom knew that education opened doors and opened minds.
Roma Downey|My name is James Edward Franco. Ted is a nickname for Edward. That's what my parents called me. I also got 'Teddy Ruxpin' a lot. It just got to a point where I got sick of it, so when a teacher called out 'James Franco' my junior year of high school, I didn't correct her.
Ed Markey|My great hope would be that Quebec would realize itself fully as a distinct part of Canada, and stay Canadian, bringing to Canada a part of its richness.
Lee Goldberg, Mr. Monk on the Couch|Happiness is an illusion, Natalie. It doesn't actually exist.""Of course it does," I said. "It's what you feel when you're not sad.""That's unconsciousness. And I'm pretty sure that I'm miserable when I am unconscious, too.
Carl Hiaasen, Chomp|All the inane, meaningless noises people make that pass for intelligent conversation. They might as well be pigs grunting in the pen. (92)
Anne   Hamilton, God's Poetry: The Identity and Destiny Encoded In Your Name|You cannot expect a man to love you, but not because of your body or physical construction. It is like giving a man the option between choosing you and a monkey.
B.G. Bowers, Death and Life|I sometimes marvel at how far I’ve come - blissful, even, in the knowledge that I am slowly becoming a well-evolved human being - only to have the illusion shattered by an episode of bad behaviour that contradicts the new and reinforces the old. At these junctures of self-reflection, I ask the question: “are all my years of hard work unraveling before my eyes, or am I just having an episode?” For the sake of personal growth and the pursuit of equanimity, I choose the latter and accept that, on this journey of evolution, I may not encounter just one bad day, but a group of many.
Tonya Hurley, Ghostgirl|Being in love with someone who doesn't even know you exist isn't the worst thing in the world. In fact, it's quite the oppostie. Almost like passing in a term paper that you know sucked, but having that period of time where you haven't gotten your grade back yet -- that kind of exhale where you haven't been rejected, although you pretty much know how it's going to turn out.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|When we carry the thoughts of negativity and self-criticism, we inspire just what we don’t want: poor health and an unattractive physical body.
Dan Brown, Angels & Demons|She lay outside in the courtyard, staring up at the raindrops… feeling them hit her body… trying to guess where one would land next. The nuns called again, threatening that pneumonia might make an insufferably headstrong child a lot less curious about nature.
|It's time for you to start creating some extraordinary things in your life, because there is absolutely nothing ordinary about your mind.
Christy Heron, Unrequited - One Girl, Thirteen Boyfriends, and Vodka.|God gives urge, urge gives pleasure, pleasure gives pains, pains gives fruits, fruits gives trees, trees die and go to hell!
Bernard Kelvin Clive|You were beautifully and wonderfully created with the skin of diamonds, so if you do break, you are still valuable.
Maria Semple|Crafternoon is about making what you want, how you want it, to the best of your ability. And even if you may not think of yourself as a rock star of creativity, it's there inside you. At Crafternoon, you are a CraftStar.
Malcolm Gladwell, Outliers: The Story of Success|Those three things - autonomy, complexity, and a connection between effort and reward - are, most people will agree, the three qualities that work has to have if it is to be satisfying.
Patricia Cornwell, Body of Evidence|And then you leave the memories behind.When you look at the pictures It seems like it was always fun. But you know thatin that photos everyone was actually broken deep down inside. Wounded. Bleeding. Crying and yelling at the same time.They were some kinda wounded birds... Eagles, wrens... When you remind that, you became some kinda phoenix. And life goes on like this.like an uncomplete poem.
Karen Salmansohn|Basically, it's in your best mental interest to release your anger so you can see the world more clearly around you and seek better solutions for finding the happy, love-filled life you desire and deserve.
Gordon B. Hinckley|The things of God are understood by the Spirit of God. That Spirit is real. To those who have experienced its workings, the knowledge so gained is as real as that received through the operation of the five senses. I testify of this. I am confident that each of you can testify of it. I urge you to continue throughout your lives to cultivate a heart in tune with the Spirit. If you do so, your lives will be enriched. You will feel a kinship with God our Eternal Father. You will taste the sweetness of joy that can be had in no other way.
Unarine Ramaru|Failure is not actually an event, it is more a reaction to an event and is an important part of learning.
Socrates, Apology, Crito and Phaedo of Socrates.|All aspects of honor derive from honesty. A liar cannot truly be honorable, for where is the honor in deception?
Tristan D.M.R.|Those who work hard will succeed,While those who slack at their work will be in need
Wole Soyinka, Climate of Fear: The Quest for Dignity in a Dehumanized World|Everything is linked,' said an enraptured Baremboim on stage; 'everyone is linked, all our actions have ramifications, and music is a teacher of this interconnected reality.' There was, however, in the letter a mundane, prosaic footnote that nibbled at the very edges of possible understanding, since understanding must always be preceded by human curiosity. Perhaps it will vanish in the charged space between one suicide bomber and the next military bulldozer that buries human beings alive within the imagined security of their own homes; perhaps it will join other shards of recollected moments of curiosity and discovery, to weld into a vessel of receptivity and response.
Chris Pine|Free enterprise empowers entrepreneurs who have ideas and imagination, investors who take risks, and workers who hone their skills and offer their labor.
Emma Thompson|I brought my hand to the back of his neck and leaned into him, sliding my fingers into the curls at his nape. His arms clasped tighter around me. I sighed just a little against his mouth, feeling that it was almost too much, all this newness, this feeling that there was space and light inside me I’d never noticed before. Every part of me down to my fingertips felt like reworked glass, melting into some new shape, my edges beginning to glow. I wanted to do nothing but change this way, pressed against his body, his warmth and goodness, forever.
Jo Ann Beard, In Zanesville|Experience is like evidence. When you're young and don't have much experience yet, you don't have much basis for confidence. All you really have is hope, and that can get shaken pretty easily. But as years go by, you start to gather this evidence. You made it through this or that and you did okay, maybe not perfectly, but okay, so when you stumble, which you will, you can look back and say, 'Well, I survived that, so I can probably survive this.' Or there will be things you're really proud of, evidence of your abilities, and you can look back on those things and say, 'I did it then, I can do it again.' Right now, you're just building up those experiences.
Sylvia Plath, The Collected Poems|I?I walk alone;The midnight streetSpins itself from under my feet;My eyes shutThese dreaming houses all snuff out;Through a whim of mineOver gables the moon's celestial onionHangs high.IMake houses shrinkAnd trees diminishBy going far; my look's leashDangles the puppet-peopleWho, unaware how they dwindle,Laugh, kiss, get drunk,Nor guess that if I choose to blinkThey die.IWhen in good humour,Give grass its greenBlazon sky blue, and endow the sunWith gold;Yet, in my wintriest moods, I holdAbsolute powerTo boycott color and forbid any flowerTo be.IKnow you appearVivid at my side,Denying you sprang out of my head,Claiming you feelLove fiery enough to prove flesh real,Though it's quite clearAll your beauty, all your wit, is a gift, my dear,From me."Soliloquy of the Solipsist", 1956
Gloria D. Gonsalves|But very little of it can do morethan start you on your way to the real, unimaginablydifficult goal of writing memorably. That work is doneslowly and in solitude, and it is as improbable as carryingwater in a sieve.
Bhavik Sarkhedi|Things go wrong, worst happens, you curse your life, luck doesn’t follow, good deeds aren’t just in your destiny, bad people ruins your routine. I have seen people surrounded by these all repeatedly to which I always question the philosophers and motivational speakers ‘Have you researched enough when you said life is all about sadness & happiness?’.
J.F. Kelly|But I don't want "good" and I don't want "good enough"I want "can't sleep, can't breathe without your love"Front porch and one more kiss, it doesn't make sense to anybody elseWho cares if you're all I think about,I've searched the world and I know now,It ain't right if you ain't lost your mindYeah, I don't want easy, I want crazyAre you with me baby? Let's be crazy
Eve S. Nicholson, The Tripartite Soul|The ultimate Truth is so simple. It is nothing more than being in the pristine state. This is all that need be said. till, it is a wonder that to teach this simple Truth there should come into being so many religions, creeds, methods and disputes among them and so on! Oh the pity! Oh the pity!
Deyth Banger|One thing left me, my dad died before few weeks and with the time will be very far... It will start with seconds, hours, days, weeks, months, years....My grandpa died this year, my grandpa other died somewhere in 2012-2013, my dog died 2014, Robin Williams died... Everyone dies, what I can do for that???
Kensington Gore, Kensington Gore's Diary: Another Year Closer To Death|He was in that stage of love–and of liquor–where one is completely taken up with oneself, and can get along very well without the other party.
Anaïs Nin|Down the rusty bars of ladders to the undergrounds of the night propitious to the first man and woman at the beginning of the world. where there were no words by which to possess each other, no music for serenades, no presents to court with, no tournaments to impress and force a yielding, no secondary instruments, no adornments, necklaces, crowns to subdue, but only one ritual, a joyous, joyous, joyous, joyous, impaling of a woman on a man´s sensual mast
Sarra Manning, You Don't Have to Say You Love Me|I absolutely, positively hate this beautiful, magical feeling.
Zig Ziglar, Success For Dummies|Spam is a waste of the receivers’ time, and, a waste of the sender’s optimism.
John Ortberg|Birth, life, death is a cycle. And they're all beautiful, you celebrate all of them. Animals do grieve, but they move on. That's the lesson behind animals.
George Whitefield|Young man, young man, your arm's too short to box with God.
Larissa Ione, Pleasure Unbound|This (Earth) is hell.There are no fires, no burning pits of torment, no levels or rings or rivers of lava. When we die, we get put right back on earth to live our miserable existences over and over and over for all eternity.
Shirley Jackson, Just an Ordinary Day: The Uncollected Stories|...very lonely and, often, very unhappy, with the poignant misery that comes to lonely people who long to be social and cannot, somehow, step naturally and unselfconsciously into some friendly group
Shay Rucker, On the Edge of Love|Sometimes, you have to just act, act in the right earnest way, without bothering about the results.
Sara Teasdale, Rivers to the Sea|Let me remember you, soon will the winter be on us,Snow-hushed and heartless.
Bonnie Blair|There's always a learning curve, where you've got to learn what your subject is all about.
Rebecca McNutt, Smog City|You don't understand," Alecto replied vacantly. "It isn't that I want to die... I just don't want to exist.
Idries Shah, Caravan of Dreams|Clare's been called a lot of things- smart and funny, driven and talented- but memorable certainly isn't one of them. The most important things about her- the ones she's most proud of- are apparent only once you get to know her.
Merton Miller|My expertise was in public finance, particularly corporate taxation, since I had worked at the US Treasury.
Xela Ffonrims|Write your own story, preferably in tattoos.
Sheila Jeffreys, Beauty and Misogyny: Harmful Cultural Practices in the West|Women incorporate the values of the male sexual objectifiers within themselves. Catharine MacKinnon calls this being "thingified" in the head (MacKinnon, 1989). They learn to treat their own bodies as objects separate from themselves. Bartky explains how this works: the wolf whistle sexually objectifies a woman from without with the result that, ``"The body which only a moment before I inhabited with such ease now floods my consciousness. I have been made into an object'' (Bartky, 1990, p. 27). She explains that it is not sufficient for a man simply to look at the woman secretly, he must make her aware of his looking with the whistle.She must, "be made to know that I am a 'nice piece of ass': I must be made to see myself as they see me'' (p. 27). The effect of such male policing behaviour is that, "Subject to the evaluating eye of the male connoisseur, women learn to evaluate themselves first and best'" (Bartky, 1990, p. 28). Women thus become alienated from their own bodies.
Kara Lee Corthron, The Truth of Right Now|I like lots of bands, and I LOVE fewer, but the list is still lengthy. I rarely pick a "favorite" because I think that's for laypeople who don't understand the infinite possibilities of music.
Jayce O'Neal|In the face of great challenges, you can choose to live reactively as a victim, or choose to proactively take control, with awareness and accountability.
Steve Himmer, Fram|Eliminate the overwhelming cost of phantom wars and fools' errands, and humankind might begin to balance its books. After all, its only debts are to itself.
Bianca Sparacino|Trust that some of the best days of your life haven’t even happened yet. There are going to be parties that leave you dancing until 6am, spontaneous adventures that teach you more than you ever learned in a classroom. There are going to be nights that will stay burned beneath your eyelids, memories that dance underneath your skin. Life is going to exceed your expectations, it is going to astonish you with its timing.Remember — you have not felt it all.The world still has so much left for you
Karen Marie Moning, Burned|I see how he feels about his world and I want to be one of the parts he prizes. I want to be worth fighting for. Worth the same kind of effort he puts into the things that matter to him. Like Dani.”"I don’t tell her no human matters to the boss like Dani.
Melissa A. Craven, The Awakening|The adventure is which I have shared so passionately is not over--this adventure with its doubt, failure, the dreariness of no progress, then a glimpse of light, a hope, a hypothesis confirmed; and then after weeks and months of anxious perseverance, the intoxication of success.
R- THE DON|Problems comes and goes, that's why you have to act like you own them million kind they have exact problems as yours, so how can you call them your problems.
Matt Damon|The truth is that we can learn to condition our minds, bodies, and emotions to link pain or pleasure to whatever we choose. By changing what we link pain and pleasure to, we will instantly change our behaviors.
Kayla Davis|Your words are wise, but are your actions too?
I. M. Pei|Biodiversity can't be maintained by protecting a few species in a zoo, or by preserving greenbelts or national parks. To function properly, nature needs more room than that. It can maintain itself, however, without human expense, without zookeepers, park rangers, foresters or gene banks. All it needs is to be left alone.
Seamus Heaney, Death of a Naturalist|I rhymeTo see myself, to set the darkness echoing.
Gerard de Marigny, Nothing So Glorious|Faith is the muscle of the spirit. It is strengthened through study, prayer, and meditation. As exercise builds muscle and our bodies become strong; study, prayer, and meditation builds faith and our spirits become strong.
John C Park III|It's not about what my enemies can do to my body,it's more about what they can't do to my soul.Protected in the Arms of God
Alexis de Tocqueville|So in America when the sun goes down and I sit on the old broken-down river pier watching the long, long skies over New Jersey and sense all that raw land that rolls in one unbelievable huge bulge over to the West Coast, and all that road going, and all the people dreaming in the immensity of it, and in Iowa I know by now the children must be crying in the land where they let the children cry, and tonight the stars'll be out, and don't you know that God is Pooh Bear? the evening star must be drooping and shedding her sparkler dims on the prairie, which is just before the coming of complete night that blesses the earth, darkens all the rivers, cups the peaks and folds the final shore in, and nobody, nobody knows what's going to happen to anybody besides the forlorn rags of growing old, I think of Dean Moriarty, I even think of Old Dean Moriarty the father we never found, I think of Dean Moriarty.
E.T.A. Hoffmann, Tales of Hoffmann|Infants never learn to soothe themselves to sleep. They learn, abandoned in seclusion, that no matter the volume of their despondence, no matter the force of their tears, when they are alone and frightened, no-one will ever come to their rescue. Infants do not soothe themselves. They merely surrender. And it is caged in their cribs where the infants learn, in the face of their demons, to remain silent and submitting.
Peter Beagle|Religion will disappear from men's consciousness when, finally, we have constructed a world of equals, without class distinctions, and with a sound of scientific conception of society and of life
Melissa Cutler, The Trouble with Cowboys|He stood there tall and dashing, peering down at her with a set of mesmerizing sapphire eyes. It wasn’t the eyes that had her sex-drive squealing into overdrive; it was that…hair. Now, Tarrah had never really been into redheads before, but damn, she sure as hell would be willing to convert.
merlin8thomas|MY EFFORTS FAIL I DON'T CRY,EVEN I CAN'T CATCH DREAMS SKY,I DIDN'T GIVE UP N ALWAYS TRY,MY MIND QUESTION ME WHY?MY HEART REMIND TO FLY.
Steven Pinker, The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined|In the foreign country, we call the past, crucifixion was a common punishment. It was invented by the Persians, carried back to Europe by Alexander the Great, and widely used in Mediterranean empires.
Nicholas Sparks, Dear John|Percy tightened his grip on Annabeth's wrist. His face was gaunt, scraped and bloody, his hair dusted with cobwebs, but when he locked eyes with her, she thought he had never looked more handsome. "We're staying together," he promised. "You're not getting away from me. Never again." Only then did she understand what would happen. A one-way trip. A very hard fall. "As long as we're together," she said. She heard Nico and Hazel still screaming for help. She saw the sunlight far,f ar above-maybe the last sunlight she would ever see. Then Percy let go of his tiny ledge, and together, holding hands, he and Annabeth fell into the endless darkness.
Richard Trevae|Never give up no matter how tough the road seems,keep going and visualize yourself in the realm of what you are going to achieve.
Theodore Sturgeon, Sturgeon is Alive and Well|Does anyone ask a painter -- even the painter himself -- why he paints? Now me, I painted... used to... whatever I saw that was beautiful. It had to be beautiful to me, through and through, before I would paint it. And I used to be a pretty simple fellow, and found many completely beautiful things to paint.But the older you get the fewer completely beautiful things you see. Every flower has a brown spot somewhere, and a hippogriff has evil laughter. So at some point in his development an artist has to paint, not what he sees (which is what I've always done) but the beauty in what he sees. Most painters, I think, cross this line early; I'm crossing it late.("To Here and the Easel", 1954)
Antony Gormley|Without consciousness, space and time are nothing.
Samuel P. Huntington, The Clash of Civilizations and the Remaking of World Order|When the waterholes were dry, people sought to drink at the mirage.
Dean Koontz, Brother Odd|And because we have been given thought, will, and imagination, albeit on a human scale, we too have this power to create.
Preeti Simran Sethi, Bread, Wine, Chocolate: The Slow Loss of Foods We Love|Everyone wants to talk-talk-talk. Can't we eat-eat-eat, and then talk?
John Clare, The Later Poems, 1837-1864: Volumes I and II|I sleep with thee, and wake with thee,And yet thou are not there;I fill my arms with thoughts of thee,And press the common air.
Michelle Cuevas, Beyond the Laughing Sky|One... moment you think it's the end. But it isn't, it's just the beginning.
Samuel Richardson, Pamela; or, Virtue Rewarded|The emotions attached to them were like sand castles in the tide, slowly washing out to sea.
J.P. Delaney, The Girl Before|And when I realized you had secrets too, I was glad. I thought we could be honest with each other. That we could finally rid ourselves of all the clutter from our past. Not our possessions, but the stuff we carry around inside our heads. Because that's what I've realized, living in One Folgate Street. You can make your surroundings as polished and empty as you like. But it doesn't really matter if you're still messed up inside. And that's all anyone's looking for really, isn't it? Someone to take care of the mess inside our heads?
Howard Schultz|We take food for granted, but it isn't a luxury for many people.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Bluebeard|Here is the solution to the American drug problem suggested a couple years back by the wife of our President: "Just say no.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading|being honest to the people around you is the best thing you ever do to them,but expecting the same from them is the worst thing you ever do to yourself
A.S. Peterson, Fiddler's Green|Then she took up the bow and began to play. The tone was warm and deep, storied with layers of age.
Thisuri Wanniarachchi|Tennis taught me to take chances, to take life as it comes. To hit every ball that comes to me no matter how hard it looks, to give it my best shot.
William Shakespeare, Shakespeare's Sonnets|I can say little more than I have studied, and that question's out of my part.
Davis Grubb, American Fantastic Tales: Terror and the Uncanny from the 1940's Until Now|Lena felt like a child. Worse than a child and less valuable. She felt like a mouse. No, smaller than a mouse and less alive. Her life seemed so small and crumpled you could shoot it through a straw like a spitball.
S.L. Jennings, Taint|I can't live without the sun shining down on my face, and I can't dream without the stars kissing me goodnight.
Val Uchendu|Anyone can conquer anything, but the conquest of self frees the ego, and rewards one with limitless boundaries
Jennifer Silverwood, Qeya|Gem thought it would be hilarious to shear his brother’s fine hair off while he was sleeping. Ever since then Menai decided he actually preferred the Mohawk. Both had inherited their mother’s Western Continent coloring, a blend of pearly white and sea grass green that set their bold sea-colored eyes off handsomely. And since they had grown old enough to realize this, they had become a pair of pre-pubescent manipulating terrors.
Mark A. Roeder|I had a sneaking suspicion that time was not constant, but I guess I could never prove it. I suppose it didn’t really matter. I even had a theory that time didn’t go in straight line at all. I knew I was no Albert Einstein, but I had the sneaking suspicion that everything had happened, was happening, or would happen was really happening all the time. There was no past, present, and future. Everything was going on all at once and forever. If that was true, then each moment was eternity.
Anthony T. Hincks|Gender bias is written and practiced throughout all of the world's societies.From the words 'mankind' to 'man'.From the inequality in 'pays for work done' and to 'tasks which are needed to be done'. From the sanctity of marriage when a woman takes a 'man's' name.From the religious overtones when women are not allowed or permitted to join in and be treated as equal and conduct rites.Even the words 'woman' and 'women' are gender orientated.The genders will never be equal, nor will they ever be allowed to be for man has seen to that.To man, everything is about ownership and dominance with the need to control everything that he sees fit.Maybe...it's time for a change in thinking and being.it's a time to be equal and one.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|In our desire to make Christ known and to increase the influence of the church, we are many times prone to think that Christians and the church can be made popular with the unbelieving world. This is a grave mistake on the part of the church.
Jiddu Krishnamurti, The Krishnamurti Reader|There are those who don’t believe in God and yet do good. There are those who believe in God and kill for that belief; those who prepare for war because they claim they want peace, and so on. So one has to ask oneself what need there is to believe at all in anything, though this doesn’t deny the extraordinary mystery of life. But belief is a word, a thought, and this is not the thing, anymore than your name is actually you.Through experience you hope to touch the truth of your belief, to prove it to yourself, but this belief conditions your experience. It isn’t that the experience comes to prove the belief, but rather that the belief begets the experience. Your belief in God will give you the experience of what you call God. You will always experience what you believe and nothing else.
Pazaria Smith|God has given you the opportunity to make a difference. Plan purposefully, Prepare Prayerfully, Proceed Positively & Pursue Persistently!
David Carson|Advertising is, of course, important because advertise is the final design. It's the last layer that speaks to the customer, that tells them what you have.
Patricia A. McKillip, The Forgotten Beasts of Eld|I wish you were small again, so I could hold you in my arms and comfort you. But you are grown, and you know that for some things there is no comfort.
Sunday Adelaja|If every Christian will have an active civil position, he can become a reformer in his country
Katie McGarry, Long Way Home|It wouldn't be fair to Chevy, and it wouldn't be fair to me. The love I had for him was consuming and powerful and raw. I briefly close my eyes as memories of Chevy's hands on my body and his lips on mine cause warmth to curl in my bloodstream...Even when we fought, we never had problems with attraction.
Eric Stoltz|I think when you're winning, your uniforms are cool.
Thom Mayne|Oh, I don't think Tom Sowell would tell anybody to join the administration. That's not his style. But I think his attitude has always been if it had to be done he'd prefer me to do it than somebody else.
Helen Rowland|There's stuff going on in the world right now, which you can't imagine why is this happening; it's crazy. I don't know what the answer is, but if you didn't have faith in the universe that somehow something great would arrive at the end, then we'd all give up, and that would be a waste of everyone's time.
Siobhan Curham, Finding Cherokee Brown|Once you read a classic, you will start loving even the smell of the books.
Steve Hagen, Buddhism Plain and Simple|The Buddha encouraged people to "know for yourselves that certain things are unwholesome and wrong. And when you do, then give them up. And when you know for yourselves that certain things are wholesome and good, then accept them and follow them."The message is always to examine and see for yourself. When you see for yourself what is true-and that's really the only way that you can genuinely know anything-then embrace it. Until then, just suspend judgment and criticism.
Terry Spear, Phantom Fae|Great! I hope different police officers are here this time." 	"Might be, but we're in the same police jurisdiction. I'm certain from the last time you were here, they probably have a record about you. What was it you said? You were playing some game re-enactment the last time you were injured?"	"Yes. How did your brother come up the idea of a paint-ball game? That's a good one."	"He's played them here before. He would like to bring the game back to our world, but we fight for real.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|Women are supposed to be very calm generally: but women feel just as men feel; they need exercise for their faculties, and a field for their efforts as much as their brothers do; they suffer from too rigid a restraint, too absolute a stagnation, precisely as men would suffer; and it is narrow-minded in their more priviledged fellow-creatures to say that they ought to confine themselves to making puddings and knitting stockings, to playing on the piano and embroidering bags. It is thoughtless to condemn them, or laugh at them, if they seek to do more or learn more than custom has pronounced necessary for their sex.
Jiro Adachi|Hear me now or regret it later: Everything you write must be read aloud. Once all the context items are in place, this is the final test for any written piece...Do not neglect your sense of hearing in the process of writing and reading. As a longtime teacher of English as a foreign language, I can tell you on good authority that you have been listening to the English language at least five or six years longer than you have been writing and reading. And, most probably, your ears also had eighteen or more years of familiarity with the language before you began to read or write with a writer's sensibility. For these reasons, your ears know when things sound okay, good, beautiful, strange, awkward, or just plain bad, before your eye can pick up on such things...Your written voice should burn with the fire of fervent prayer, soothe like a friend's voice during a late-night phone call, alure like a lover's whisper. You must, through your accessible, infinitely read-aloudable voice, make your audience into an insatiable reader of your words.
Kate Scelsa|I'm not going to be raped. I'm not going to be murdered. I'm going to bring him to justice so this never happens to anyone else. I'm not going to think like a victim. I'm going to think like a winner. Because that's what I am. I'm Ruthless, by God, and I need to act like it.
Neil Gaiman, Sirens and Other Daemon Lovers|Some memories were all right, but others were dangerous.
Erik Davis, TechGnosis: Myth, Magic & Mysticism in the Age of Information|The funny thing about games and fictions is that they have a weird way of bleeding into reality. Whatever else it is, the world that humans experience is animated with narratives, rituals, and roles that organize psychological experience, social relations, and our imaginative grasp of the material cosmos. The world, then, is in many ways a webwork of fictions, or, better yet, of stories. The contemporary urge to “gamify” our social and technological interactions is, in this sense, simply an extension of the existing games of subculture, of folklore, even of belief. This is the secret truth of the history of religions: not that religions are “nothing more” than fictions, crafted out of sociobiological need or wielded by evil priests to control ignorant populations, but that human reality possesses an inherently fictional or fantastic dimension whose “game engine” can — and will — be organized along variously visionary, banal, and sinister lines. Part of our obsession with counterfactual genres like sci-fi or fantasy is not that they offer escape from reality — most of these genres are glum or dystopian a lot of the time anyway — but because, in reflecting the “as if” character of the world, they are actually realer than they appear.
Eileen Anglin|Find the time everyday, to express what is in your heart. Life affirming choices that lift you up. Everyday,allow your your soul to express its joy at the gift of life. Create, laugh, dance, play, spend time in nature, connect with the Divine, whatever it is, take even a small amount of time to do the things your soul longs to do.
Henry David Thoreau|The moment you think you understand a great work of art, it's dead for you.
Mary Balogh, Then Comes Seduction|Why had peace given place so soon to turmoil? To two separate solitudes? Because peace had been without thought? Without...integrity?How could she have felt like that without love?Was love essential?Did it even exist - the love she had dreamed of her life?If it did, it was too late now for her to find it.Must she make do with this instead, then?Only this?Pleasure without love?
Amit Ray, Meditation: Insights and Inspirations|To realize the truth, you have to cross the boundaries of all religions and prophets.
Andrew Weil|People tend to dwell more on negative things than on good things. So the mind then becomes obsessed with negative things, with judgments, guilt and anxiety produced by thoughts about the future and so on.
Elaine  White, Runaway Girl|Her fingers dug into the doorframe she leaned on, hoping and praying that he would just step out of the shadows and kiss her the way he had done so often in her dreams.
C.M. Rayne, Dark Oracle|Let's get going. I don't like being alone out here. The sooner we can blend in with the Imperial population the safer we'll be. It's not hard to cross here," Mari added as they waded through the stream. "We are fortunate," Alain told her. "It is more difficult downstream."She felt a shadow cross her mind. "Where that bridge was? Where you almost died?""Yes.""I'm really proud of you for that, but don't do it again. I'm being selfish. I need you." Mari waved one finger at Alain. "Don't be a hero?"He regarded her impassively. "Even if you need a hero?
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|My spouse is my shield, my spouse is my strength.
Suki Michelle, The Apocalypse Gene|Are you?" I said. "Gay, I mean?" -I hoped he wasn't offended by my asking, but after everything that had happened, I really wanted to know."No," he said. "I thought I was for about a w-w-week once. But now I know I'm not."If there was ever an answer that sounded like the truth, that was it.
Tom McNeal, Far Far Away|Well, it is true. Sometimes avoiding something can give it more and more meaning rather than less and less.
Diplo|I don't follow anything that's said about him much, but the Uwe Boll that I know is just a really cool guy. He's just a really quiet, kind and passionate filmmaker who really believes in what he's doing. Like any director that an actor wants to work with, you want a director who's passionate and believes in the work that he's doing.
Fida Rasool|What's required of me in the field is to feel,' Stirton says with emphasis. 'And trying to take that feeling and put it in a form that communicates a particular set of emotions or circumstances - whether that involves depicting masculine pride, or a particular kind of suffering, or love, or closeness - my primary job is to feel and to try to put that feeling into some kind of visual form. My goal is to get to the heart of each story, you know? I’m trying to evolve in my work.
James Lankford|I don't know if I'd want to be a Secret Service agent. In the movies, it's exciting and romantic and all that. Really, most of their job is standing in a hallway for 12 hours making sure somebody doesn't come through a doorway off of a stairwell.
Danny L Deaubé|No one dies pre-maturely. As is meant, happens naturally
Chinonye J. Chidolue|It never really ends...Children surviving through the cold winds of neglect, and all kinds of misfortune and vile treatment.We see them everyday, with broken smiles that endure the painful kicking of their malnourished bellies protruded with dreams that may never see the light of conception...But with just a little kind word,A handful of promise,A heart of compassion,A smile full of hope,We would hold hands together in helping them conceive their dreams...Because they are the little bits and pieces that make us whole...
Albert Einstein|Still there are moments when one feels free from one’s own identification with human limitations and inadequacies. At such moments, one imagines that one stands on some spot of a small planet, gazing in amazement at the cold yet profoundly moving beauty of the eternal, the unfathomable: life and death flow into one, and there is neither evolution nor destiny; only being.
Francis Chan|Thinking of Internet chat rooms or AIM as a kind - there's such an intimacy and honesty to tapping on your phone, despite how quick people are to damn digital means of communication as emotionless or too abstract.
Osho, Awareness: The Key to Living in Balance|Misery is a state of unconciousness. We are miserable because we are not aware of what we are doing, of what we are thinking, of what we are feeling -- so we are continuously contradicting ourselves each moment. Action goes in one direction,thinking goes in another,feeling is somewhere else. We go on falling apart, we become more and more fragmented.There are only two ways out of it. They can become meditators - alert,aware,conscious... that's an arduous thing. It needs guts. Or the cheaper way is to find something that can make you even more unconcious thank you are, so you cannot feel the misery,like drugs and alcohol,sometimes even religion...
Edith Wharton|If only we'd stop trying to be happy, we could have a pretty good time.
Susan Sontag|A writer, I think, is someone who pays attention to the world.", Frankfurt Book Fair, October 12, 2003]
Eva Longoria|Research shows that children do better in school and are less likely to drop out when fathers are involved. Engaged parents can strengthen communities, mentor and tutor students, and demonstrate through their actions how much they value their children's education.
Penn Jillette|Pride is ugly. It says, 'If you succeed, I am a failure.'
Gilles Deleuze|Jack had wondered how geometers could be so inventive as to produce so many types and families of curves. Later he had come to perceive that of curves there was no end, and the true miracle was that poets, or writers, or whoever it was that was in charge of devising new words, could keep pace with those hectic geometers, and slap names on all the whorls and snarls in the pages of the Doctor's geometry-books.
Mathieu Kassovitz|Wet Hot American Summer so far is a financial disappointment and money was lost on it. But perhaps it will find its audience in video, cable, etc, maybe over the course of years.
Ella Dominguez, This Love's Not for Sale|I like to think I'm not stupid often, tonight proves that when I am, I do it in a big way.
Mira Grant, Feed|Do I believe in God? That somebody made all this happen for a reason, that there’s something waiting for us after we die? That there’s a purpose to all this crap? I don’t know. I’d like to be able to say “Yes, of course” almost as much as I’d like to be able to say “Absolutely not,” but there’s evidence on both sides of the fence.
Scott Stabile|To all the friends out there struggling while so many are celebrating right now, please know that you are not alone, and you are so loved. I hold you in my heart and send you extra support and love these days, and all the light I know how to muster. I love you.
K. Abernathy Can You Action Past Your Devil's Advocate|..be able and willing to action regardless of all trauma, all the No’s, and non-supporters one could headache and pain on.
Joe Madureira|When I buy clothes, I like to buy them in outfits so I know they go together. I like a very simple, natural style. I never like to be the attention getter; I like to come under the radar and be cool about my look, very classic and stylish. I'm not into fads.
Debasish Mridha|If you are a hope for someone, that’s very nice, but if you are a hope for everyone just like the Sun, that’s excellent!
Mary E. DeMuth, Everything: What You Give and What You Gain to Become Like Jesus|As I look back over my mountains of growth and compare them to the molehills where I stagnated, community often made the difference.
Igor Eliseev, One-Two|Time may be defined as " dimension governed by activity." Dimension diminishes with inactivity so does the value of time.
Brian Jacques|Within months after reading the novel 'The Hunger Games,' I went from telling my mom that I could see myself as this character to actually getting the role. My mother reminds me that if I could manifest such an important role just because I wanted it so much, all of my dreams are possible.
Willie Geist|I'm very mature for my age, but I'm also innocent in a lot of ways.
Daniela Bobadilla|In between shooting for 'Awake,' I was attempting to have my own pilot season. The audition for 'Anger Management' actually came during a week that I was already testing for a couple other shows and we weren't really letting any other shows into the mix.
Willa Cather, Willa Cather in Europe: Her Own Story of the First Journey|Constant comparisons are the stamp of the foreigner; one continually translates manners and customs of a new country into terms of his own, before he can fully comprehend them.
Yasmin Mogahed, Reclaim Your Heart: Personal Insights on Breaking Free from Life's Shackles|We live in the age of Noah (a.s.) in the sense that a flood of distraction accosts us. It is a slow and subtle drowning. For those who notice it, they engage in the remembrance of God. The rites of worship and devotion to God's remembrance (dhikr) are planks of the ark. When Noah (a.s.) started to build his ark, his people mocked him and considered him a fool. But he kept building. He knew what was coming. And we know too.
Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset|In today's world, it is tempting to follow suit and artificially numb the emotions you don't want while inducing the ones that you do want. The problem is that pushing pleasure into your veins will not get you out of quicksand, nor will blocking pain bring you relief. The solutions do not lie in the world of emotions, but rather in the world of thoughts.
Renita D'Silva, Monsoon Memories|For the first time his senses began to register the exotic, heady atmosphere of Mumbai...the odors most insistently demanded his attention. There were layers upon layers of them, all present at once but individually distinct. They shifted in strength and character with the ocean breeze that blew soft, irregular gusts across his face. First came the sharp tang of engine fuel mingled with an even more acrid burning smell, as though something unnatural had been set alight to blanket the city with a smoldering stench. A shift in the air's direction brought a fresher aroma of salt and brine floating in from the sea. It gave way to the hot smell of spices frying in oil, which in turn incongruously merged with the subtle reek of garbage.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Disappointments are part of life; we can’t always have our own way, and we need to learn to separate what is significant from what is merely annoying. Only in heaven will we be free of all disappointments and failures. A friend of mine says, “Oh well, a hundred years from now it won’t make any difference!
Alix Adale, Night is Magic|Vampires took offense SO easily—and Parisian vampires were the worst of all.' - The Runaway Queen (The Bane Chronicles, 2) by Cassandra Clare and Maureen Johnson
Justin Timberlake|I had a great time on News Radio, I got to make tons of money in relative obscurity and learn a lot about the TV biz and work on my standup act constantly. It was a dream gig.
Jack   Barker|The pure whiteness, dazzling in the sun, was one of the most beautiful things I had ever seen. Who was I to spoil it? Snow falls. Earth says: Here's a gift for you. And what do we do? We shovel it. Blow it. Scrape it. Plow it. Get it out of our way. We push it to our fringes. Is there anything uglier or sadder than a ten-day-old snow dump? It's not even snow anymore. It's slush.
William A. Anders Apollo 8 Lunar Module Pilot|What a mess the world was in, Vimes reflected. Constable Visit had told him the meek would inherit it, and what had the poor devils done to deserve that?
Taylor Swift|You’re going to have people who are going to say ‘Oh, you know like, she just writes songs about her ex-boyfriends’ and I think frankly that’s a very sexist angle to take. No one says that about Ed Sheeran. No one says it about Bruno Mars. They’re all writing songs about their exes, their current girlfriends, their love-life, and no one raises a red flag there.
Alexander MacLaren|The Gospel is not a mere message of deliverance, but a canon of conduct; it is not a theology to be accepted, but it is ethics to be lived. It is not to be believed only, but it is to be taken into life as a guide. 
Andrew McCarthy, The Longest Way Home: One Man's Quest for the Courage to Settle Down|As is often the case when I travel, my vulnerability -- like not knowing what the hell I'm going to do upon arrival -- makes me more open to outside interactions than I might be when I'm at home and think I know best what needs to be done. On the road, serendipity is given space to enter my life.
Chinua Achebe|If a teacher does not involve himself, his values, his commitments, in the course of discussion, why should the students?
Marion Zimmer Bradley, The Mists of Avalon|My love for you is a prayer, she thought. Love is the only prayer I know.
|If your thoughts and beliefs are always in support of your destiny, happiness would become an instant gift, while success would only become a matter of time.
Cornell Woolrich, Angels of Darkness|Compulsive behavior occurs when the urge to act out is greater than our will to say no. Recovery then, is the process of reversing that equation.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Life is defined by time, appreciate the beauty of time;A time to plant, a time to harvest. A time to cry, a time to laugh.A time to be sad, a time to be happy. A time to be born, a time to die.
Kristin Davis|I don't have a pet, but I dream of someday getting a pug dog whom I will name Croque Monsieur so that I may alternate between calling him Croque, Monsieur or his full name: Croque Monsieur. I'll more than likely only use his first and last name most often when he's been bad.
Gerald Durrell|If naturalists go to heaven (about which there is considerable ecclesiastical doubt), I hope that I will be furnished with a troop of kakapo to amuse me in the evening instead of television.
Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce|This is much worse than losing a cat. You do not wish the cat dead, for example, after the first two days. You still love the cat and presumably the cat still loves you, or some variation of love that may in fact be dependence and even indifference. People should be informed, as adopting a cat and becoming married take about the same amount of time and money and yet have such drastically different results. Indeed, except for the similar price($28)and the average time spent together, all similarity between pet adoption and marriage ends nastily.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Act as if you don't know me, and i will make it seem as though you don't exist.
Laura  Oliva, A World Apart|Durbin's sunglasses were gone, and his gray eyes sparkled up at her. He winked. "Take care of yourself, Dr. Venkman."Lena bit back a grin. "You too, Dana Barrett.
Jackie Kay, Wish I Was Here|There was a single window that tapered into a funnel, with eerie moonlight passing through it, reflecting directly off the globe like a mirror. For a moment, as I rose I saw something glimmering within. Dumbly, with feverish whispers assailing me, I realized it was the center of one of the distant galaxies, flaring after some unknown cataclysm. Its radiance was such that it burst from its prison. It met the moonlight halfway. It created kaleidoscopic colours on the walls. Then, in answer, the reliefs transformed from majestic art into something approaching divine, alive, plays from Egyptian memory, given the spark of life from space. I saw animal-headed gods move. They stepped from the walls to take their place around the altar. All stared at the globe. Each raised their arms in silent supplication. And such was their toxic ecstasy that I wished to join them, to forget my dreadful experiences and revel in something truly wondrous.
Debasish Mridha|Something good about love: if you fall in it, you will not feel any pain.
Sunday Adelaja|What the new government of Nigeria and other African governments must do, is to start a massive reorientation campaign in the culture of the dignity of labour.
Terry Spear, SEAL Wolf In Too Deep|He groaned a little and pulled his mouth free, pressing it against her forehead, then her cheeks.	"I was going to start a fire ---"	He smiled down at her. "You did.
Jodi Picoult, Sing You Home|Go fuck yourself Judge.""Motion denied." answers the judge dryly.
Nas|Looking beautiful isn't just about what you apply on your face. It's the little things you do that matter. A combination of a good diet, exercise, healthy habits, discipline, dancing etc. is what my beauty routine consists of. Also, I have no bad habits; I don't drink or smoke. All these contribute to me being fit and looking good.
Plutarch|The only thing that white people have that black people need, or should want, is power-and no one holds power forever.
Claire Cook, Must Love Dogs|God is after the bigger picture of your life. He is writing your story. I'm about to say something that may seem antithetical to this book, but need you to hear this: your story has far more to do with finding God's unique calling and purpose for your life than it does with finding the love of your life.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering: You can be successful|The grass withers, the flower fades, but Cosmic Ordering stands forever.
Umera Ahmed|… and I’ll be happy here and happy there, fullof tea and tears
Tao Lin, Eeeee Eee Eeee|Why are we here? Is there, really, some intelligent design? Why do we cry for someone who leaves us, if there's some Grand Pearly Gate in the sky? Why worry about how we build our lives if the ultimate ending for all is death, a single breath away?
Philip Yancey, Prayer: Does It Make Any Difference?|…I interviewed ordinary people about prayer. Typically, the results went like this: Is Prayer important to you? Oh, yes. How often to you pray? Every day. Approximately how long? Five minutes – well, maybe seven. Do you sense the presence of God when you pray? Occasionally, not often. Many of those I talked to experienced prayer more as a burden than as a pleasure. They regarded it as important, even paramount, and felt guilty about their failure, blaming themselves. Does this sound familiar? (pp. 14/Prayer: Does It Make Any Difference?)
Carl R White|They say the distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success, I believe you can say the same thing about the distance between good and evil.
R. N. Prasher|Women are almost two thirds more likely than men to believe in God, a major study of attitudes among middle aged Britons has found, says The Telegraph. Well, men are twice more likely than God to believe in women! (At least that was so in the Garden of Eden)
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you are willing to pay a small price for your dreams,you are definitely asleep.If you are willing to pay an average price for your dreams,you are barely awake.If you are willing to pay a big price for your dreams,you are evidently conscious.If you are willing to pay a great price for your dreams,you are undoubtedly alert.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|Say you’ll marry me when I come back or, before God, I won’t go. I’ll stay around here and play a guitar under your window every night and sing at the top of my voice and compromise you, so you’ll have to marry me to save your reputation.
Erin Morgenstern|To regard the imagination as metaphysics is to think of it as part of life, and to think of it as part of life is to realize the extent of artifice. We live in the mind.
Samantha Chase, This Is Our Song|He was a living, breathing fantasy. Her own rock and roll fantasy at that! And every minute of every day it was getting more and more difficult to ignore the attraction brewing between them.
Melina Marchetta, Finnikin of the Rock|It was a source of both terror and comfort to me then that I often seemed invisible — incompletely and minimally existent, in fact. It seemed to me that I made no impact on the world, and that in exchange I was privileged to watch it unawares.
Gerry Canavan, Octavia E. Butler|When I write, I enter a transpersonal state of consciousness, a lightheaded realm of mental imagination, a cognitive place where I can lithely finger the coherent and the absurd. I seek to cross over an intricate boarder where the conscious and unconscious minds meet, traversing the aperture where the real and the imaginary intermingle. I aspire to establish a detached vantage point where I can survey the entire human condition.
Lundy Bancroft, Why Does He Do That?: Inside the Minds of Angry and Controlling Men|Consider how challenging it is to negotiate or compromise with a man who operates on the following tenets (whether or not he ever says them aloud):1. “An argument should only last as long as my patience does. Once I’ve had enough, the discussion is over and it’s time for you to shut up.”2. “If the issue we’re struggling over is important to me, I should get what I want. If you don’t back off, you’re wronging me.”3. “I know what is best for you and for our relationship. If you continue disagreeing with me after I’ve made it clear which path is the right one, you’re acting stupid.”4. “If my control and authority seem to be slipping, I have the right to take steps to reestablish the rule of my will, including abuse if necessary.”The last item on this list is the one that most distinguishes the abuser from other people: Perhaps any of us can slip into having feelings like the ones in numbers one through three, but the abuser gives himself permission to take action on the basis of his beliefs. With him, the foregoing statements aren’t feelings; they are closely held convictions that he uses to guide his actions. That is why they lead to so much bullying behavior.
Gian Kumar|When man manages his intellect and steadies his mind, He discovers the all-pervading Self.
Madeline Miller, The Song of Achilles|Demoralize the enemy from within by surprise, terror, sabotage, assassination. This is the war of the future.
Thomas Jefferson|Leaders are readers, disciples want to be taught and everyone has gifts within that need to be coached to excellence.
Katie Kacvinsky, Awaken|I have more online contacts than I can count. I make about one hundred connections a day. I have access to millions of people. I use to think that I had friends in these numbers. But virtual friends are like stars stretched out in the sky. They’re out there, they exist, and I can imagine what they’re like, but we’ll never meet. We all just co-exist in this vast universe with a length of space between us.
Arkady Strugatsky, Roadside Picnic|The hypothesis of God, for instance, gives an incomparably absolute opportunity to understand everything and know absolutely nothing. Give man an extremely simplified system of the world and explain every phenomenon away on the basis of that system. An approach like that doesn't require any knowledge. Just a few memorized formulas plus so-called intuition and so-called common sense.
Michio Kaku|Antigravity, teleportation, time travel, energetic DNA evolution and consciousness transformation could create a world few of us ever even dreamed of.
Tom Colicchio|A systemic cleansing and detox is definitely the way to go after each holiday. It is the key to fighting high blood pressure, heart disease, cancer, and other health-related illnesses.
Wendy Higgins, Sweet Temptation|We are all bruised, crushed, or broken at some point, if not yesterday or today then perhaps tomorrow but we pick ourselves up, dust ourselves off and get on with our lives, having gained more strength along the journey, except those, of course, who end up wallowing in their own self-pity!
Wilhelm Reich, Ether, God and devil : cosmic superimposition|The [character-]armored, mechanistically rigid person thinks mechanistically, produces mechanistic tools, and forms a mechanistic conception of nature.The armored person who feels his orgonotic body excitations in spite of his biological rigidity, but does not understand them, is mystic man. He is interested not in "material" but in "spiritual" things. He forms a mystical, supernatural idea about nature.Both the mechanist and the mystic stand inside the limits and conceptual laws of a civilization which is ruled by a contradictory and murderous mixture of machines and gods. This civilization forms the mechanistic-mystical structures of men, and the mechanistic-mystical character structures keep reproducing a the mechanistic-mystical civilization. Both mechanists and mystics find themselves inside the framework of human structure in a civilization conditioned by mechanistics and mysticism. They cannot grasp the basic problems of this civilization because their thinking and philosophy correspond exactly to the condition they project and continue to reproduce. In order to realize the power of mysticism, one has only to think of the murderous conflict between Hindus and Muslims at the time India was divided. To comprehend what mechanistic civilization means, think of the "age of the atom bomb.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Thorns and Roses|Fate had kept me alive just to get to this point, just to see if I had been listening.
William Lloyd Garrison|To the extent that tenure supports academic freedom, I support tenure. I want no person or system to have any power, real or apparent, to chill academic freedom.
Vernon D. Burns, Gods of the Jungle Planet|He thought he saw some horses, too, and a clown, but it was the faces of all those dead raptors that really bothered him. And maybe that clown a little bit.
Michele Jennae|A catalyst by definition creates a reaction, but itself remains unchanged. Be a positive catalyst for a cause you are passionate about. I dare you to remain unchanged!
Vladimir Nabokov, Pale Fire|I dropped my bag to the floor and the sound echoed throughout the house. No one shouted, "who's home?" or "Cassie? Is that you?". Instead the house gobbled up the sound as if it didn't know when the next taste of noise would come. Then again, the house hadn't experienced Olivia yet.
Renee Vincent, The Temperate Warrior|For one… If you shoot me and your boss realizes it was without good reason, you’ll have fucked up your trial period. And trust me; I know you’re still in it.” Ian pulled open a drawer in a small brown cabinet.“Secondly, it could end very badly for me and I’d rather prevent that. Getting shot is not on my list of things to do today.” He wrapped his hand around the steel grip of his own weapon and removed it from the drawer.“And last but not least, if you plan to shoot me… Well, it’ll be a matter of which of us is quicker and has better aim.” A pleasant smile crossed his features and he casually waved the gun from side to side. “Do you want to risk it?
Erin Bow, Plain Kate|Your shadow is bought and paid for, and your death will not remit that payment. You can go shadowless into the shadowless world, and your death will only be one last dark thing on my long dark road. It will hurt me but I do not care. It is all but over.
Mehmet Murat ildan|you cannot be friends either with boy or man unless you give yourself away in the process, and Mr. Pembroke did not commend this. He, for “personal intercourse,” substituted the safer “personal influence,” and gave his junior hints on the setting of kindly traps, in which the boy does give himself away and reveals his shy delicate thoughts, while the master, intact, commends or corrects them.Originally Rickie had meant to help boys in the anxieties that they undergo when changing into men: at Cambridge he had numbered this among life’s duties. But here is a subject in which we mustinevitably speak as one human being to another, not as one who has authority or the shadow of authority, and for this reason the elder school-master could suggest nothing but a few formulae. Formulae, like kindly traps, were not in Rickie’s line, so he abandoned thesesubjects altogether and confined himself to working hard at what was easy.
Rebecca McNutt, Nostalgia|At school we learn the theory to do the practice, but they didn't teach you that in real life you learn from the practice to know the theory
John Updike|It is clear that rituals and sacrifices can bring people together, and it may well be that a group that does such things has an advantage over one that does not. But it is not clear why a religion has to be involved. Why are gods, souls, an afterlife, miracles, divine creation of the universe, and so on brought in?
Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights|There is something deeply attractive, at least to quite a lot of people, about squalor, misery, and vice. They are regarded as more authentic, and certainly more exciting, than cleanliness, happiness, and virtue.
Auliq Ice|The truth is humble, only those intelligent enough are able to seek and understand it.
Andrew Shue|Every child needs to have for itself not only its loving parents and siblings and friends of its own age, but a grown-up friend.
Bruce Lee|Don't get set into one form, adapt it and build your own, and let it grow, be like water.
Cecelia Ahern, If You Could See Me Now|You've come to give me a piece of your mind. You know that phrase is really beautiful. The mind is the most powerful thing in the body. Whatever the mind believes, the body can achieve. So to give someone a piece of it... well thank you. Funny how people are always intent on giving it to the people they dislike when it really should be for the ones they love.
Eva Longoria|Variety is what I would recommend: As variety is the spice of life in food, so it is in exercise. Change it up. But most of all, don't overdo it.
Emery Lord, When We Collided|My dark days made me strong. Or maybe I already was strong, and they made me prove it.
Deyth Banger|We loved it. We loved how slow it was. We love that it took forever. Actually, we never wanted it to end. We loved the jungle, the rafts, the ridiculous armor and helmets. . .I think most of all we loved that it didn't have a happy ending for anyone. The whole time we were sort of expecting that someone would survive because that's how stories work: Even if everything is a total disaster, someone lives to tell the tale. But not with Aguirre, the Wrath of God. Hell no. Everyone dies. That's awesome.
Gail Carriger, Manners & Mutiny|Men are vile creatures, really. using women up, casting them aside. Leaving them along and broken, Better to leave them first, isn't it? Better yet to pay them back, and leave them bleeding,Sick and tired of being the one left behind, aren't you? And all the fighting, all the death. I can help you with that. I'd so like to help you.
Sharon Salzberg, Lovingkindness: The Revolutionary Art of Happiness|When we practice metta, we open continuously to the truth of our actual experience, changing our relationship to life.
M.J. Rose, The Secret Language of Stones|There was, for many of us, a great escape in reading about the fantastic and supernatural during wartime. Terrors more terrible than those we were living through gave us an outlet for our anxiety.
Amy Leigh Mercree, The Compassion Revolution: 30 Days of Living from the Heart|The beauty of compassion is free, and everyone is welcome to it.
Dean Koontz, Odd Apocalypse|I never plan for the future but wander into it with a smile on my face, hope in my heart, and the hair up on the nape of my neck.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Suffering is imposed on us time and again so that one day we would become brave wise masters. That is, a strong being who is confidently aware of their intended direction in life, and fearlessly adding value to the world and their future.
Darrell Calkins|Traditional stoicism, indifference to pleasure or pain, is a form of imposing conscience so as to block more immediate desires. The problem is that it eventually collapses on itself because natural emotional and physiological impulses are being ignored or repressed. To pass beyond that dichotomy—”I want to eat ice cream, and yet I don’t”—requires conceiving and creating an integrated mind in which our passions and childlike impulses find expression through conscience. In other words, what we feel like doing and what we “should” do become one and the same.
Neil Gaiman|I realized I was officially a professional writer when all my plans began with "drink coffee" and ended with "take a nap.
David C.  Maloney|An explanation of an old man’s mistakes. For I see now that what I have done, and not done, with regard to you, bears all hallmarks of the failings of age. Youth cannot know how age thinks and feels. But old men are guilty if they what it was to be young… and I seem to have forgotten lately…
Himmilicious|What do you do when you wait too long only to be disappointed? Get on with it my mate, the clocks are ticking and they ain't goin' na pack 'emselves up.
Jonathan Talat Phillips, The Electric Jesus: The Healing Journey of a Contemporary Gnostic|It is not the fact that we are united in common goals or purposes that makes us a community. Rather, it is the fact that we share a common life in Christ.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|The whole world is divided for me into two parts: one is she, and there is all happiness, hope, light; the other is where she is not, and there is dejection and darkness...
Joseph Barber Lightfoot|But all actors go through the process, it's hit and miss, you have achievement and failure.
Lisa Cypers Kamen, Are We Happy Yet?: Eight Keys to Unlocking a Joyful Life|Authentic happiness is not selfish, egotistical or narcissistic, in fact, it is essential in order for humankind to thrive
Frédéric Gros, A Philosophy of Walking|You lift your head, you’re on your way, but really just to be walking, to be out of doors. That’s it, that’s all, and you’re there. Outdoors is our element: the exact sensation of living there.
Lailah Gifty Akita|We could give each other a hope, if we communicate with each other in the school, supermarket, bus, train, plane….!
Stephanie Kaleto, Disconsolate|The only person's heart I'm concerned with protecting is yours. Don't take this the wrong way, but your heart is much more fragile than mine right now and that's okay. There's nothing wrong with that.
Dee Tenorio, Undercover Lovers|I'd make you my favorite jungle gym if you'd let me.'- Katrina, 'Convicted
Italo Calvino, The Baron in the Trees|Now that he is no longer here I should be interested in so many things: philosophy, politics, history. I follow the news, read books, but they befuddle me. What he meant to say is not there, for he understood something else, something that was all-embracing, and he could not say it in words but only by living as he did.
Jessica Stroup|Crabbed and obscure definitions are of no use beyond a narrow circle of students, of whom probably every one has a pet one of his own.
Amalia Azizah|It's time to stop following the yellow brick road, use your God given brain, and quit chasing rainbows, because the truth is life's hard, but can be oh so sweet when you choose to own it.
T.L. Martin, Touched by Death|Heartache is my constant companion, and we’re perfect for one another. Two co-dependent peas in a pod. My past and my future.
R. Alan Woods|Clusters of distant lights was the view of Mankind that he liked the best. The lights had the archaic charm of little fires on a plain, and the frailty about them, if it did not excuse anything, at least explained a lot of Man's stubborn ruthlessness. Mankind had not started the mess that was life, after all. And on the whole, it had been an interesting species to be a part of, the girls especially, as long as you remembered to watch your back.
Khushwant Singh, Train to Pakistan|Not forever does the bulbul singIn balmy shades of bowers,Not forever lasts the springNor ever blossom the flowers.Not forever reigneth joy,Sets the sun on days of bliss,Friendships not forever last,They know not life, who know not this.
Levi Grossman|Edmund doesn’t solve any of his grievances or personality disorders by going through the wardrobe. If anything, they're exacerbated and brought to a crisis by his experiences in Narnia. When you go to Narnia, your worries come with you. Narnia just becomes the place where you work them out and try to resolve them.
Laura Sobiech|Stop waiting for the permission to do your life's greatest work, the earth isn't getting any younger. Jump into action knowing that you are either running by God's side or God is running with you in his arms towards your goals, your dreams, and your destiny.
Gideon Defoe, The Pirates! In an Adventure with Communists|The Captain’s boat inspections were always pretty slapdash, because they mainly just involved him looking at the ropes and planks and barnacles and then nodding to show that he approved of whatever they happened to be doing.
GiGi Duvall, From the Dark|Hide the miles between usRun to meLike you run yourFingers through my hairDesire in every digit, in every touch.Run to meLike rivers run in springtimeFilled with renewing loveAs they do with the melting snow.Fly to meAs the birds fly the continentsCommitted to build their nests.Fly to meAs a cottonwood fluff in the airAll over me, head to toe, gentlyCome here.
Charles Bukowski, Factotum|You bitch," I whispered, "I love you." Then I came.
Alexandra Potter, Calling Romeo|I mean, you want the truth as you wanna hear it? I can't do that. You couldn't afford me.
Jennifer Niven, All the Bright Places|Why does she always seem to think you drive like we're holding up a bank?"Roswell grinned and rolled his eyes, "Because that's what teenagers do, right? They also carve swastikas into their arms, steal prescription drugs from old people, and freebase cocaine. I need to institute a policy where she stops watching 60 Minutes and pretty much all public service announcements.
Adrian McKinty, The Cold Cold Ground|It has often been suggested to me that the Constitution of the United States is a sufficient safeguard for the freedom of its citizens. It is obvious that even the freedom it pretends to guarantee is very limited. I have not been impressed with the adequacy of the safeguard. The nations of the world, with centuries of international law behind them, have never hesitated to engage in mass destruction when solemnly pledged to keep the peace; and the legal documents in America have not prevented the United States from doing the same. Those in authority have and always will abuse their power. And the instances when they do not do so are as rare as roses growing on icebergs. Far from the Constitution playing any liberating part in the lives of the American people, it has robbed them of the capacity to rely on their own resources or do their own thinking. Americans are so easily hoodwinked by the sanctity of law and authority. In fact, the pattern of life has become standardized, routinized, and mechanized like canned food and Sunday sermons. The hundred-percenter easily swallows syndicated information and factory-made ideas and beliefs. He thrives on the wisdom given him over the radio and cheap magazines by corporations whose philanthropic aim is selling America out. He accepts the standards of conduct and art in the same breath with the advertising of chewing gum, toothpaste, and shoe polish. Even songs are turned out like buttons or automobile tires--all cast from the same mold.
Doris Lessing, The Golden Notebook|I know it must look odd, given that I didn't even know Emma. But it seems to me that almost no one really knew her. Everyone I speak to has a different version of what she was like.
Jack McClelland, Imagining Canadian Literature: The Selected Letters|I would not employ an author to referee a Ping-Pong match. By their very nature they are biased and bloody-minded. Better put a fox in a henhouse than to ask an author to judge his peers. (in a letter to the Governor General about the GA's Literary Awards & his issue--among others--with the judging system, 1981)
Peter Hitchens|I thought of a remark . . . that the United States is like a 'gigantic boiler. Once the fire is lighted under it there is no limit to the power it can generate.' Being saturated and satiated with emotion and sensation, I went to bed and slept the sleep of the saved and thankful.
Laura Linney|One thing about being famous is the people around you, you pay all their bills so they very rarely disagree with you because they want you to pick up the check.
Victoria Stoklasa MA|Most young people have rebellious, anti-authoritarian impulses. They don't like being told what, when, or how to do something. It's ironic, then, that many of these same people embrace a system in which there would be far more regulations, many more bureaucrats micromanaging their lives, and far more rules and restrictions on how things can be done.
Michael J. Sullivan, Theft of Swords|Sometimes the fluffy bunny of incredulity zooms round the bend so rapidly that the greyhound of language is left, agog, in the starting cage.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Without endurance, how can we overcome any difficult?
S.R. Crawford, From My Suffering: 25 Ways to Break the Chains of Anxiety, Depression & Stress|You see, people are everywhere. They are everything. No matter who we are, or what we do, people are involved in our lives. If those people are poisonous, our lives will be poisonous also.
Gospel of Matthew Matthew 5:4348|You have heard that it was said, ‘Love your neighbour[a] and hate your enemy.’ 44 But I tell you, love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you, 45 that you may be children of your Father in heaven. He causes his sun to rise on the evil and the good, and sends rain on the righteous and the unrighteous. 46 If you love those who love you, what reward will you get? Are not even the tax collectors doing that? 47 And if you greet only your own people, what are you doing more than others? Do not even pagans do that? 48 Be perfect, therefore, as your heavenly Father is perfect. 
Sunday Adelaja|Be determined to live a pure, holy and godly life; decide to honor, love and value other people, and to live a life that reflects Christ to others
Alan Bradley, The Sweetness at the Bottom of the Pie|I visualized myself pulling on my mental thinking cap, jamming it down around my ears as I had taught myself to do. It was a tall, conical wizard's model, covered with chemical equations and formulae: a cornucopia of ideas.
Wendell Berry, What Are People For?|America is not a pile of goods, more luxury, more comforts, a better telephone system, a greater number of cars. America is a dream of greater justice and opportunity for the average man and, if we can not obtain it, all our otherachievements amount to nothing.
Swami Satchidananda, The Yoga Sutras|Who can really say how decisions are made, how emotions change, how ideas arise? We talk about inspiration; about a bolt of lightnng from a clear sky, but perhaps everything is just as simple and just as infinitely complex as the processes that make a particular leaf fall at a particularmoment. That point has been reached, that's all. It has to happen, and it does happen.
Ron McMillan|The wisest use of these skills is to develop habits, lives, and loves, not to use them just occasionally in single interactions.
Stephen Leacock|I have always felt that the truth is prophetic, and that if you describe precisely what you see and give it life with your imagination, then what you write ought to have lasting value, no matter what the mood of your prose.
Bill Kurtis|The success and the failure are not my concern, but His.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|With a clear intention and a willing spirit, sooner or later we experience the joy and freedom that arises when we recognize our common humanity with others and see that real love excludes no one.
A.K. Kuykendall, The Possession|He who writes is the martyr, seen through the eyes of the unassuming doll.
Fakeer Ishavardas|The 'Big Bang' idea of pseudo armchair pundits, too is as much a theory as a human-like big buffoon, that your so-called 'holy' books call god.
April Bryan|What we think, or what we know, or what we believe is, in the end, of little consequence. The only consequence is what we do.
M. Scott Peck|Love is the will to extend one's self for the purpose of nurturing one's own or another's spiritual growth... Love is as love does. Love is an act of will -- namely, both an intention and an action. Will also implies choice. We do not have to love. We choose to love.
Ted  Roberts, Brotherly Love: The Gospel of Jesus Christ|To love one another as He loves us, is the true Gospel of Jesus Christ. For it is love that kills our outward man’s ways; buries him in baptism; and causes our inward-man (named Jesus) to resurrect on the inside of us!
Michael Moore|Subordination tends greatly to human happiness. Were we all upon an equality, we should have no other enjoyment than mere animal pleasure.
Nayomi Munaweera, Island of a Thousand Mirrors|She talks in her most sedate voice, attempting to alleviate out fears, soothe our anxiety. She knows that if we are to survive watching this war from a distance, as spectators, we do not have the privilege of indignation or anxiety.
Hermann Hesse|But if you were to die ten times for him, you would not alter his destiny in the slightest
Samuel Moyn|Whoever does decide to awaken should put their whole effort, attention, and life into it, in order to make it succeed.
C. JoyBell C.|I detest audiences - not in their individual components, but en masse I detest audiences. I think they're a force of evil. It seems to me rule of mob law.
Barack Obama|The system that enables the most people to earn the most success is free enterprise, by matching up people's skills, interests, and abilities. In contrast, redistribution simply spreads money around. Even worse, it attenuates the ability to earn success by perverting economic incentives.
James Russell Lowell|You can talk yourself into a good emotional state. I stop for a second, take a deep breath, and think about something that's beautiful. A beautiful thought for me is cutting the umbilical cord for my child. I can guarantee you that your emotional state will change.
Lois McMaster Bujold, Memory|Mama took me in her arms and held me tight. Her embrace was hot and she smelled like sweat, dust, and grease, but I wanted her. I wanted to crawl inside her mind to find that place that let her smile and sing through the worst dust storms. If I had to be crazy, I wanted my mama's kind of crazy, because she was never afraid.
Jennifer Archer, Through Her Eyes|I died on a bitter cold night. Beneath a black sky and a bruised winter moon, I tried to fly, hoping my arms might act as wings.
Ryan Galloway, Biome|But when you’re a kid, it isn’t chaos. It’s just a heartbeat. Your house isn’t floating through space, it sits on the ground. Once you get old enough you start to see that color is just paint and doors are just wood. Then, at some point, that feeling of home vanishes entirely. And… that’s what I fear. That nothing will ever make me feel like I’m safe again. That once you leave home, you never get it back.
Freya Stark|The beckoning counts, not the clicking latch behind you
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|The process of attentive listening makes the other person feel important, valued, and heard. For Nick, listening was, and still is, love. I've never forgotten that precious moment—and the lesson!
Louise Penny, A Great Reckoning|What is it that makes you cry? It is only your attachments. What is it that you miss when it is lost? It is the object of your attachment. Ponder over this. Find out what it is that grips your very life, without which you feel miserable and destitute; that is the center of your attachment. Here is what you should do: make an effort to find out what things it would hurt you to lose. Then, before they are lost, open your hands little by little, relax your grip on them. This is the method for conquering attachment. There is bound to be pain, but you must bear it; this is your penance. It is not necessary to renounce anything. It is not that you should leave your wife and run away to the Himalayas. Remain there, where you are, but gradually stop depending on her. There is no need to cause any pain; your wife need not even know it. There is no need to tell her.Seek out the attachments. Try gradually to live without the things that you now think you cannot live without. Create such a state within yourself that if and when these things are lost, there is not the slightest tremor within you. Then you will have attained victory over these attachments. This can be possible. It has been possible. And if it has happened to even one, it can happen to all.
Larry Flynt|I love women, but I feel like you can't trust some of them. Some of them are liars, you know? Like I was in the park and I met this girl, she was cute and she had a dog. And I went up to her, we started talking. She told me her dog's name. Then I said, 'Does he bite?' She said, 'No.' And I said, 'Oh yeah? Then how does he eat?' Liar.
Marc Jacobs|When I woke up this morning my girlfriend asked me, 'Did you sleep good?' I said 'No, I made a few mistakes.'
Jillian Michaels, Unlimited: How to Build an Exceptional Life|Having the right to happiness means having the right to earn it, not having it given to you without effort and action on your part.
David Hontiveros, Seroks, Iteration 1: Mirror Man|If we are unable to tolerate ourselves when we are alone, how can we expect anyone else to be enriched by our company? Before we can have a solid relationship with another, we must have a relationship with ourselves. We are challenged to learn to listen to ourselves. We have to be able to stand alone before we can truly stand beside another.
Kermit Roosevelt III, Allegiance|Seems like we own the day! Now die like a good Christ!- Boniface de Monteferret, ON THE WALLS OF CHRISTAs Constantinople falls.
Marguerite Young|A woman, who considers herself to be mature, has every right to insist certain respectful expectations be met by a man, but not if her behavior is consistently childish, selfish, foolish or disrespectful. Man and woman should strive to bring values to the table that are worthy of mutual honor. Mature men won't tolerate nonsense, but baby-boys will.
John Steinbeck, East of Eden|The both of us, we're individual parts on our own. She's the thunder and lightning and I'm the rain. It's only when we come together that it's right.We become the perfect storm. (Eric Carmen)
Sheena Iyengar, The Art of Choosing|The human body is a tube and tank machine with an electrical system that is made up of trillions of cells and two fluids, which are designed to create and react to chemistry. While this machine can malfunction, malfunctions can be fixed.” – Kevin W. Reese
Josh Langley, Turning Inside Out - what if everything we've been taught about life is wrong?|If there is an after, I hope it's not dark. And I hope you can remember. I'd hate to wander around in the dark forever, not knowing who I was or what I was doin' here, or not even knowing that I'd ever had anything different.
Aditi Khorana, Mirror in the Sky|When black fury meets white denial, you have the combustible and fundamentally changed race relations we live in today.
Jim Elliot|I seek not a long life, but a full one, like you Lord Jesus.
Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights|If he loved with all the powers of his puny being, he couldn't love as much in eighty years as I could in a day.
Michael Petch, Future Food: How Cutting Edge Technology & 3D Printing Will Change the Way You Eat|It was a delicious meal -- skim milk, wheat middlings, leftover pancakes, half a doughnut, the rind of a summer squash, two pieces of stale toast, a third of a gingersnap, a fish tail, one orange peel, several noodles from a noodle soup, the scum off a cup of cocoa, an ancient jelly roll, a strip of paper from the lining of the garbage pail, and a spoonful of raspberry jello.
Thom Mayne|I probably spent the first 20 years of my life wanting to be as American as possible. Through my 20s, and into my 30s, I began to become aware of how so much of my art and architecture has a decidedly Eastern character.
Morgan Rhodes, Rebel Spring|Their long overdue kiss was interrupted far too soon for either of their likings. “Well, it be about time!” Nothing on God’s earth can douse a man’s ardor like the sound of his mother’s voice.
Michael J. Sullivan, The Crown Conspiracy|I just want to say, for the record, as far as Royal protectors go, you're not very good.""It's my first day," Royce replied dryly."And already I am trapped in a timeless prison. I shudder to think what might have happened if you had a whole week.
Richard Bach|The beauty of a woman must be seen from in her eyes, because that is the doorway to her heart, the place where love resides.
Eve Ensler, The Vagina Monologues|Slowly, it dawned on me that nothing was more important than stopping violence toward women—that the desecration of women indicated the failure of human beings to honor and protect life and that this failing would, if we did not correct it, be the end of us all. I do not think I am being extreme. When you rape, beat, maim, mutilate, burn, bury, and terrorize women, you destroy the essential life energy of the planet. You force what is meant to be open, trusting, nurturing, creative, and alive to be bent, infertile, and broken.
Bill Farrel, Men Are Like Waffles--Women Are Like Spaghetti|I was not a great communicator, but I communicated great things.
Laura Hanna|Whats on my mind? I think the question is, where is my mind?
Christina Engela, The Time Saving Agency|We live by revelation, as Christians, as artists, which means that we must be careful never to get set into rigid molds. The minute we begin to think we know all the answers, we forget the questions, and we become smug like the Pharisee who listed all his considerable virtues and thanked God that he was not like other men.
Pericles|[F]or grief is felt not so much for the want of what we have never known, as for the loss of that to which we have been long accustomed.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|Hide from fate all you like,” Baba Yellowlegs said as they turned away. “But it shall soon find you!
Diane Vaughan, Uncoupling: Turning Points in Intimate Relationships|Mourning is essential to uncoupling, as it is to any significant leavetaking. Uncoupling is a transition into a different lifestyle, a change of life course which, whether we recognize and admit it in the early phases or not, is going to be made without the other person. We commit ourselves to relationships expecting them to last, however. In leaving behind a significant person who shares a portion of our life, we experience a loss.
Gordon Korman, Born to Rock|You know what punk is? a bunch of no-talent guys who really, really want to be in a band. Nobody reads music, nobody plays the mandolin, and you're too dumb to write songs about mythology or Middle-earth. So what's your style? Three chords, cranked out fast and loud and distorted because your instruments are crap and you can't play them worth a damn. And you scream your lungs out to cover up the fact that you can't sing. It should suck, but here's the thing - it doesn't. Rock and roll can be so full of itself, but not this. It's simple and angry and raw.
Tarryn Fisher, Mud Vein|GM Friends: Never give up, and never give in, because you are designed to win!
Vilém Flusser, Vampyroteuthis Infernalis: A Treatise, with a Report by the Institut Scientifique de Recherche Paranaturaliste|Our government, media houses, schools, must focus on creating a new culture in our society. A culture of work. A culture of labour. A culture of diligence. A culture of hard work. A culture of perseverance. A culture of persistence. A culture of DIGNITY OF LABOUR.
Emery Lord, The Start of Me and You|Friends, you like it or not, life has a way of teaching us all these tough lessons.
Wendell Berry, What Are People For?|Another decent possibility my critics implicitly deny is that of work as a gift…They assume—and this is the orthodox assumption of the industrial economy—that the only help worth giving is not given at all, but sold. Love, friendship, neighbourliness, compassion, duty—what are they?
Carolyn Merchant, Autonomous Nature: Problems of Prediction and Control from Ancient Times to the Scientific Revolution|There is no single concept of nature; it embraces everything that is fluid, changing, and mysterious. Ultimately, however, to “know nature” on earth is to live within it and to revere it in every way.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|I have a high pain threshold. In fact, it's more of a large and tastfully decorated foyer than a threshold. But I do get easily bored
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|If something on the inside is telling you that someone isn’t right for you, they’re NOT right for you, no matter how great they might look on paper. When it’s right for you, you will know. And when it’s not – it’s time to go.
Carlos Wallace, Life Is Not Complicated-You Are: Turning Your Biggest Disappointments Into Your Greatest Blessings|He was disappointed in it all. He had developed into an alien. As the steam beer had tasted raw, so their companionship seemed raw to him. He was too far removed. Too many thousands of opened books yawned between them and him. He had exiled himself. He had travelled in the vast realm of intellect until he could no longer return home. On the other hand, he was human, and his gregarious need for companionship remained unsatisfied. He had found no new home.
Isabella L. Bird, A Lady's Life in the Rocky Mountains|In traveling, there is nothing like dissecting people's statements, which are usually colored by their estimate of the powers or likings of the person spoken to, making all reasonable inquiries, and then pertinaciously but quietly carrying out one's own plans.
Klaus Lackner|If Canada could simply apply the basic principles of sustainable development, such as the internalization of costs and 'polluters pay,' it would have long-term beneficial effects, both environmental and economic.
Mark A. Seifrid, Christ, Our Righteousness: Paul's Theology of Justification|Once, for Paul, as for his contemporaries, Israel’s electionand the demand of the law stood side by side in unresolved tension. Now he found their resolution, not in some synthesis or new idea, but in an event: the incarnation, crucifixion and resurrection of the Son of God. In Christ the demand of the law and the fulfillment of promise meet.
Barry Marshall|In an ideal world, the amount of money we spend on medical research to prevent or cure a disease would be proportional to its seriousness and the number of people who suffer from it.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|No ethical person wants to be a king or a queen, because there is no ethics and honor in putting yourself in a place higher than others!
Marilu Henner|My body is like breakfast, lunch, and dinner. I don't think about it, I just have it.
Paulo Coelho, Veronika Decides to Die|He stared dully at the desolate, cold road and the pale, dead night. Nothing was colder or more dead than his heart. He had loved an angel and now he despised a woman.
Chuck Klosterman, But What If We're Wrong? Thinking About the Present As If It Were the Past|The ultimate failure of the United States will probably not derive from the problems we see or the conflicts we wage. It will more likely derive from our uncompromising belief in the things we consider unimpeachable and idealized and beautiful. Because every strength is a weakness, if given enough time.
Ida Løkås, Det fine som flyter forbi|I pretend he doesn’t exist, and he does the same with me.
Nick Lampson|Some in my party threaten to send a message that they don't know a just war when they see it, and more broadly that they're not prepared to use our military strength to protect our security and the cause of freedom.
Laurell K. Hamilton, The Laughing Corpse|People are supposed to fear the unknown, but ignorance is bliss when knowledge is so damn frightening.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|As you seek new opportunities to make favorable first impressions, be ever aware of the subtle effect that physical positioning and distance/closeness can have on your interactions with others and use this understanding to your advantage.
Robert G. Ingersoll, The Liberty of Man, Woman and Child|Times like this, I don't wish for ignorance. I look around and I see the bloated ignorance of the lumpen proletariat: roly-poly, sausage-fingered, ginger-topped fathers of at least two illegitimate children trying to massage the asses of waiflike, peroxide-scarred students who are themselves trying to navigate adulthood with their new-found freedom from outdated parenting.
Sara Sheridan, British Bulldog|Vesta was so good with paperwork – you could hand her a file of drab, seemingly dull information and she’d construct a story from it worthy of a novel. 
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|To enjoy each breathing day, you have to set time aside to play.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|I see at intervals the glance of a curious sort of bird through the close set bars of a cage: a vivid, restless, resolute captive is there; were it but free, it would soar cloud-high.
Joel Fuhrman|On the environment and climate change, I suspect that future generations will think there was too much timidity, too much fear of upsetting business. Basically, New Labour was very nervous about regulating business, or requiring it to do anything, even when there was a very clear social or environmental case for doing so.
Stacey Snider|If I don't make the team out of spring training, I'll keep a good attitude. I'll just go polish up the parts of my game that made me not stay in the big leagues.
Colleen Coble, Safe in His Arms|At the core of your being, you are spiritual, limitless, and beautiful. To enjoy this you be mindful and openly love yourself.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future|Failure to put the relationship on a slower timetable may result in an act that was never intended in the first place. Another important principle is to avoid the circumstances where compromise is likely. A girl who wants to preserve her virginity should not find herself in a house or dorm room alone with someone to whom she is attracted. Nor should she single-date with someone she has reason not to trust. A guy who wants to be moral should stay away from the girl he knows would go to bed with him. Remember the words of Solomon to his son, “Keep to a path far from her, do not go near the door of her house” (Proverbs 5:8). I know this advice sounds very narrow in a day when virginity is mocked and chastity is considered old-fashioned. But I don’t apologize for it. The Scriptures are eternal, and God’s standards of right and wrong do not change with the whims of culture. He will honor and help those who are trying to follow His commandments. In fact, the apostle Paul said, “He will not let you be tempted beyond what you can bear” (1Corinthians 10:13). Hold that promise and continue to use your head. You’ll be glad you did.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|Then a ploughman said , speak to us of work : in keeping yourself with labour you are in truth loving life ,And to love life throught labour is to be intimate with inmost secrets .And what is it to work with love ?it is to weave the colth with threads from your heart , even as if your beloved were to wear that colth .It is to build a house with affection , even as if your beloved were to dwell in that house .It is to sow seeds with tenderness and reap the harvest with joy , even as if your beloved were to eat the fruit .It is to change all things you fashion with a breath of your own spirit .He who works in marble , and finds the shape of his own soul in the stone , is nobler than he who ploughs the soil.
Tucker Elliot, The Rainy Season|The sun appeared between the twin spires of the cathedral as its light reflected off the crescent and star that rose out of the dome on top of the mosque. It was beautiful, and surreal. In one instant, the bells rang out from the cathedral and if I closed my eyes then I could easily imagine that I was back home in Europe, but in the next, the call to morning prayer sounded from the mosque, and it was a stark reminder of how far away I actually was from my true home.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|There is nothing more rare, nor more beautiful, than a woman being unapologetically herself; comfortable in her perfect imperfection. To me, that is the true essence of beauty.
Kurt Sutter|I never really got nightmares from movies. In fact, I recall my father saying when I was three years old that I would be scared, but I never was.
Mark Batterson|Reason is our soul's left hand, faith her right.
Erich Fromm, The Art of Loving|In the sphere of human relations, faith is an indispensable quality of any significant friendship or love. "Having faith" in another person means to be certain of the reliability and unchangeability of his fundamental attitudes, of the core of his personality, of his love. By this I do not mean that a person may not change his opinions, but that his basic motivations remain the same; that, for instance, his respect for life and human dignity is part of himself, not subject to change.
Stormy Glen|He ground his teeth together, the torture of it almost more than he could bear.The urge to pull her to him was overwhelming, but to do that would cost him dearly, for no doubt she would run out the door, damning him with every step.This was Lorelei, the artist, and she didn't see him as a man. Right now, he was about as human as the ridiculous fruit she'd painted in the past. And if he played along with her wants, perhaps she'd let him show her his...banana.
Will Wiles, Care of Wooden Floors|I was woken by a shell-burst in the trench of sleep. Heart skipping, with eyes fighting light, my thoughts sprang up like a field of starlings startled by a farmer's gunshot, a thousand separate, autonomous specks that swirled into a single united black shape.
Susan May Warren, When I Fall in Love|if a man runs with man is called as "Race" but if a man runs towards God is called as "Grace".
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|Have you ever known a person who was highly intelligent, yet their lack of character destroyed your impression of them? Even though they may have been accomplished, articulate, and knowledgeable, their words became impotent and irrelevant.
Elizabeth George, A Woman After God's Own Heart|Only one life, it will soon be past,only what’s done for Christ will last.
Taylor Evans|somewhere under the rage, there's something human. barely.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close|That is what death is like. It doesn't matter what uniforms the soldiers are wearing. It doesn't matter how good the weapons are. I thought if everyone could see what I saw, we would never have war anymore.
Lucian Bane, Dom Wars: Round Two|And the challenge in the next round would be determined by the winner of this test. "Like, what, the DOM-matrix?" ~Tara Reese
John Fowles, The French Lieutenant's Woman|There is no escape from me, not even in death.
Saint Basil|Nature is relentless and unchangeable, and it is indifferent as to whether its hidden reasons and actions are understandable to man or not.
Sarah MacLean, The Season|On some days you get what you want, and on others, you get what you need.
Debasish Mridha|Live in the moment. Don’t carry baggage from the past. Put that baggage in a history book and learn from it, but don’t carry it on your shoulder. You will feel lighter and be able to enjoy the present and the future.
Ludiah|So no I'm not perfect. I'm still as fucked up as I always was, the only difference is that now I'm happy with it. I accept it and make the best of it.
Dean Karnazes, Ultramarathon Man: Confessions of an All-Night Runner|As long as my heart's still in it, I'll keep going. If the passion's there, why stop?...There'll likely be a point of diminishing returns, a point where my strength will begin to wane. Until then, I'll just keep plodding onward, putting one foot in front of the other to the best of my ability. Smiling the entire time.
Robert Jackson Bennett, American Elsewhere|I have been your draft for my whole life, let me in or discard me forever.
Sylvain Reynard, Gabriel's Inferno|You, of all people, deserve a happy ending. Despite everything that happened to you, you aren't bitter. You aren't cold. You've just retreated a little and been shy, and that's okay. If I were a fairy godmother, I would give you your heart's desire in an istant. And I would wipe away your tears and tell you not to cry.-Rachel to Julia
Augustine of Hippo, Confessions|Oh! that I might repose on Thee! Oh! that Thou wouldest enter into my heart, inebriate it, that I may forget my ills, and embrace Thee, my sole good?
Shannon Lynette|A poem is a place where the conditions of beyondness and withinness are made palpable, where to imagine is to feel what it is like to be. It allows us to have the life we are denied because we are too busy living. Even more paradoxically, a poem permits us to live in ourselves as if we were just out of reach of ourselves.
Derek Landy, Dark Days|He laughed and was about to retort when she grabbed his collar and pulled him into her. She clamped her lips around his mouth and mashed her face into his. He took a step back in surprise and she went with him, stepping in a patch of wet floor. Her legs went out from under her and flailed as she fell, whacking him in the throat on the way down. She looked up at him as he gagged and coughed, and from across the corridor she could hear Tanith laughing hysterically. "I think I need practice," Valkyrie muttered.
Chris Hadfield|My life motto is 'Do my best, so that I can't blame myself for anything.'
Michelle Malkin|As far as hypnosis is concerned, I had a very serious problem when I was in my twenties. I encountered a man who later became the president of the American Society of Medical Hypnosis. He couldn't hypnotize me.
Setta Jay, Searing Ecstasy|Shark!" I yelled as my feet hit the wet sand. "There's a shark out there! Everyone get out of the water!"Man, you want to see humans move fast? Scream that on a crowded beach and watch what happens. Its amazing the fear people have for a scaly, sharp toothed predator. I watched the water empty in seconds, parents scooping up their children and heading to shore, desperate to get out of the ocean, and found it a little ironic. They were so terrified of the big, nasty monster out in the water, when there was a bigger, nastier, deadlier one right here on the beach.
Walt F.J. Goodridge, Turn Your Passion Into Profit 2006 Edition|If you create and market a product or service through a business that is in alignment with your personality, capitalizes on your history, incorporates your experiences, harnesses your talents, optimizes your strengths, complements your weaknesses, honors your life's purpose, and moves you towards the conquest of your own fears, there is ABSOLUTELY NO WAY that anyone in this or any other universe can offer the same value that you do!
bell hooks, Teaching Critical Thinking: Practical Wisdom|...it is the most militant, most radical intervention anyone can make to not only speak of love, but to engage in the practice of love. For love as the foundation of all social movements for self-determination is the only way we create a world that domination and dominator thinking cannot destroy. Anytime we do the work of love we are doing the work of ending domination.
Elizabeth Gannon, Nobody Likes Fairytale Pirates|Fate," Bizzy said, "adjusts quicker 'n a hungery dog can lick a dish.
Deyth Banger|Many people are trying hard to be invincible, and most of the time they fail invisible, while few find their spotlight. But the remarkable person is one, who can be both invincible and invisible at the same time.
Paulo Coelho, The Pilgrimage|The busiest people I have known in my life always have time enough to do everything. Those who do nothing are always tired and pay no attention to the little amount of work they are required to do. They complain constantly that the day is too short. The truth is, they are afraid to fight the good fight.
Robert T. Kiyosaki, Rich Dad, Poor Dad|In school we learn that mistakes are bad, and we are punished for making them. Yet, if you look at the way humans are designed to learn, we learn by making mistakes. We learn to walk by falling down. If we never fell down, we would never walk.
Milly Silver, Into the Dark, Vol. 1|Susie and Pippa clinked their glasses together. I followed suit, but my heart wasn't in it anymore. It had already left the building.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart|Neither a lofty degree of intelligence nor imagination nor both together go to the making of genius. Love, love, love, that is the soul of genius.
Justin Lee, Torn: Rescuing the Gospel from the Gays-vs.-Christians Debate|There has been a rediscovery of the meaning of baptism as entrance and integration into the Church, of "ecclesiological" significance. But ecclesiology, unless it is given its true cosmic perspective ("for the life of the world"), unless it is understood as the christian form of "cosmology," is always ecclesiolatry, the Church considered as a "being in itself" and not the new relation of god, man and the world.
Samuel R. Delany, Dhalgren|One picks one's way about through the glass and aluminum doors, the receptionists' smiles, the lunches with too much alcohol, the openings with more, the mobs of people desperately trying to define good taste in such loud voices one can hardly hear oneself giggle, while the shebang is lit by flashes and flares through the paint-stained window, glimmers under the police-locked door, or, if one is taking a rare walk outside that day, by a light suffusing the whole sky, complex as the northern aurora.
Mason Cooley|The rate of change is not going to slow down anytime soon. If anything, competition in most industries will probably speed up even more in the next few decades.
Joseph Boruwlaski, Memoirs of the Celebrated Dwarf, Joseph Boruwlaski, A Polish Gentleman; Containing a faithful and curious Account of his Birth, Education, Marriage, Travels, and Voyages|...it is all the more clear what we have to accomplish at present: I am referring to ruthless criticism of all that exists, ruthless both in the sense of not being afraid of the results it arrives at and in the sense of being just as little afraid of conflict with the powers that be.
Émile Zola|That's blackmail on top of attempted murder, Kye. I can officially kill you
Charlie Carillo, Raising Jake|Your marriage," Jake said, almost impatiently. "It's like the grapes. Just a paint job."He went straight to bed.
Roberta Trahan, The Well of Tears|The memories seem to come in layers. For example, the first memory might be of incest; then they remember robes and candles; next they realize that their father or mother or both were present when they were being abused. Another layer will be the memory of seeing other people hurt and even killed. Then they remember having seen babies killed. Another layer is realizing that they participated in the sacrifices. One of the most painful memories may be that they even sacrificed their own baby. With each layer of memory comes another set of problems with which they must deal.— Glenn L. Pace; "Ritualistic Child Abuse," memo
Thandie Newton|Crucially we haven't been figuring out how to live in oneness, with the Earth & every other living thing; we have just been insanely trying to figure out how to live with each other, billions of each other, only we're not living with each other our crazy selves are living with each other, and perpetuating an epidemic of disconnection.
William L. Shirer, The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich: A History of Nazi Germany|To some Germans and, no doubt, to most foreigners it appeared that a charlatan had come to power in Berlin. To the majority of Germans Hitler had — or would shortly assume — the aura of a truly charismatic leader. They were to follow him blindly, as if he possessed a divine judgment, for the next twelve tempestuous years.
Jennifer Lovering|I don't beleive in peoples .I don't think it's always true.I believe Buddha knowledge and I believe in god ,I beleive in goodness.I think different from others it is the way I am
Laurie Buchanan PhD|Empowering beliefs are ideas that launch us forward and help us to become the person we want to be. Empowering beliefs are freeing, encouraging, and inclusive; they nurture and uplift. When we find ourselves harboring a limiting belief, we need to replace it with one that cultivates joy.
Shannon L. Alder|You can’t selectively numb your anger, any more than you can turn off all lights in a room, and still expect to see the light.
Margaret McMullan, Sources of Light|Why did you marry Dad, Mom?" My mother sniffled through her nose, looked at me, then smiled. "I wanted something more and he was it. We both had big dreams." "That must have taken a lot of courage," I said. "To marry Dad. He was so different from you.""It was hardly courageous. It was just the only thing to do. We were in love.
Robert Fulghum|Peace is not something you wish for,  it is something you make, something you	are, something you do,and something you give away. 
Nicholas D. Kristof, Half the Sky: Turning Oppression into Opportunity for Women Worldwide|So let us be clear about this up front: We hope to recruit you to join an incipient movement to emancipate women and fight global poverty by unlocking women's power as economic catalysts. That is the process under way - not a drama of victimization but of empowerment, the kind that transforms bubbly teenage girls from brothel slaves into successful businesswomen.This is a story of transformation. It is change that is already taking place, and change that can accelerate if you'll just open your heart and join in.
Craig Hallam, Greaveburn|You know," he said, his voice making me feel cold in spite of the heat, "this city can get ahold of you and pull you back no matter how hard you try to climb out. Like a grave.
Mark Galli, Chaos and Grace: Discovering the Liberating Work of the Holy Spirit|God's love for us is uncoerced and so freely given that it does not demand a response. But so freely is it given that it creates freedom in the recipient, so that our response is not one of obligation or duty, nor the returning of a favor, but uncoerced love.
Wendell Berry, Jayber Crow|I think all people want freedom, but they've got this idea inserted into their head about money.
Pat Mitchell|I just want to do shows because you get to see, over all the seasons, the person grow, and you get to grow with the character. That transformation, for me, is what I love about my job. I get to learn about myself and challenge myself and grow with the character. For me, it's a whole process of learning and growing.
Emeli Sande|We must not, however, be like the leaders of the great romantic revolt who, in their eagerness to get rid of the husk of convention, disregarded also the humane aspiration.
Nadine Labaki|I was watching TV and saw people with masks, weapons, and grenades. I thought, Is that really possible? Could we be here yet again? And go into civil war one more time?
Erica Bauermeister, The School of Essential Ingredients|We tend to think of memories as monuments we once forged and may find intact beneath the weedy growth of years. But, in a real sense, memories are tied to and describe the present. Formed in an idiosyncratic way when they happened, they're also true to the moment of recall, including how you feel, all you've experienced, and new values, passions, and vulnerability. One never steps into the same stream of consciousness twice.
C. JoyBell C.|You just go a little crazy, you know. Sometimes. And why? Well only because your soul is just too big for you, it flies away somehow.
Jamie Scallion, Losing It|Although richer and Number 1 in the charts at this very moment, I’ve come full circle; once again I am the lanky, ginger, friendless geek.- Egg
Juan Filloy, Op Oloop|Hate the sin, love the sinner.” (Gandhi) - Restrict the damager and make selfish actions unworthy together, but let them know that its not hatred. Help another to have a better life and all have a benefit.
Joseph Conrad, Lord Jim|Hang ideas! They are tramps, vagabonds, knocking at the back-door of your mind, each taking a little of your substance, each carrying away some crumb of that belief in a few simple notions you must cling to if you want to live decently and would like to die easy!
Thomas More, Utopia|Kindness and good nature unite men more effectually and with greater strength than any agreements whatsoever, since thereby the engagements of men's hearts become stronger than the bond and obligation of words.
Henry Miller, The Air-Conditioned Nightmare|Crime begins with God. It will end with man, when he finds God again. Crime is everywhere, in all the fibres and roots of our being. Every minute of the day adds fresh crimes to the calendar, both those which are detected and punished, and those which are not. The criminal hunts down the criminal. The judge condemns the judger. The innocent torture the innocent. Everywhere, in every family, every tribe, every great community, crimes, crimes, crimes. War is clean by comparison. The hangman is a gentle dove by comparison. Attila, Tamerlane, Genghis Khan reckless automatons by comparison. Your father, your darling mother, your sweet sister: do you know the foul crimes they harbor in their breasts? Can you hold the mirror to iniquity when it is close at hand? Have you looked into the labyrinth of your own despicable heart? Have you sometimes envied the thug for his forthrightness? The study of crime begins with the knowledge of oneself. All that you despise, all that you loathe, all that you reject, all that you condemn and seek to convert by punishment springs from you. The source of it is God whom you place outside, above and beyond. Crime is identification, first with God, then with your own image.
Thomm Quackenbush, We Shadows|Sex was this primal connection like no magick she had ever known, even separated by a millimeter of latex. She knew that some combined the two and, while she could see how this would improve the magick, it would dilute the sex.
Abdolkarim Soroush|Religion may become a fashion as well as anything else; and, when it does become so, it has as little to do, in those who thus hold it, with the heart and the character as any other fashion.
Philip Roth, American Pastoral|You put too much stock in human intelligence, it doesn't annihilate human nature.
Tavi Gevinson|When I was starting out, I saw it as something that was definitely going to end. Every time I came to New York for fashion week or to interview someone, I was so sad going back home because I thought, 'These things don't get to last.' That's sort of the narrative of young success.
Maggie Stiefvater, Shiver|If we cannot all FEEL alike, we can all FEED alike on the Bread Life.
Cornel West, The Rich and the Rest of Us: A Poverty Manifesto|The Poverty Tour provided the opportunity to meet many people who had been living paycheck to paycheck even before the economic downturn. To so quickly slide from the great middle into the underworld of the poor validated our suspicions that perhaps these citizens never really were bona fide, middle class Americans. Indeed, some economists assert that the middle class evaporated decades ago.
Slavoj Žižek, Against Human Rights|Liberal attitudes towards the other are characterized both by respect for otherness, openness to it, and an obsessive fear of harassment. In short, the other is welcomed insofar as its presence is not intrusive, insofar as it is not really the other. Tolerance thus coincides with its opposite. My duty to be tolerant towards the other effectively means that I should not get too close to him or her, not intrude into his space—in short, that I should respect his intolerance towards my over-proximity. This is increasingly emerging as the central human right of advanced capitalist society: the right not to be ‘harassed’, that is, to be kept at a safe distance from others.
Elizabeth Wein, Black Dove, White Raven|The moral of this story is that no matter how much we try, no matter how much we want it ... some stories just don't have a happy ending.
Dan Bergstein|He was a boom boom shake the room " kind of guy
Ross Paterson, The Antioch Factor: The Hidden Message of the Book of Acts|Being a “Christian” – a word used only three times in the New Testament – is not Jesus’ goal for his people. But the making of a community of revolutionary followers or “disciples” – a word used nearly three hundred times in the New Testament – seems to be exactly the goal. The church must return to these roots. The church must become a way of life, an alternative lifestyle, a counter-community of Christ-followers. Church must once again become a people who are on “The Way” formed by the words and way of Jesus.
Terry Pratchett, Feet of Clay|It's like you took a bottle of ink and you threw it at a wall. Smash! And all that ink spread. And in the middle, it's dense, isn't it? And as it gets out on the edge, the little droplets get finer and finer and make more complicated patterns, see? So in the same way, there was a big bang at the beginning of things and it spread. And you and I, sitting here in this room, as complicated human beings, are way, way out on the fringe of that bang. We are the complicated little patterns on the end of it. Very interesting. But so we define ourselves as being only that. If you think that you are only inside your skin, you define yourself as one very complicated little curlique, way out on the edge of that explosion. Way out in space, and way out in time. Billions of years ago, you were a big bang, but now you're a complicated human being. And then we cut ourselves off, and don't feel that we're still the big bang. But you are. Depends how you define yourself. You are actually--if this is the way things started, if there was a big bang in the beginning-- you're not something that's a result of the big bang. You're not something that is a sort of puppet on the end of the process. You are still the process. You are the big bang, the original force of the universe, coming on as whoever you are. When I meet you, I see not just what you define yourself as--Mr so-and- so, Ms so-and-so, Mrs so-and-so--I see every one of you as the primordial energy of the universe coming on at me in this particular way. I know I'm that, too. But we've learned to define ourselves as separate from it. 
Victoria Reincourt|Impose yourself on the world, don’t let the world impose itself on you.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|Irony, we want our handwriting to look like typed fonts, and our computer fonts to look like handwritten text.
Gwen Ifill|This is a profession for me, but I started off as a self-publisher working on my own schedule and my own stuff before moving on to graphic novels with First Second Books, where there was definitely a schedule, but it was very different from monthly comics.
Jenny Lynne, Above the Sky|I take small, shallow breaths, even though my lungs are begging for more air. I feel the heat of Ten’s controlled breaths against my face. As we stand there, it feels as if an electric charge is growing between us, so powerful that it would shock us if we moved even a millimeter closer together. And yet I feel like I want to.
Rachel Alexander|Stand up for what you believe in, even if you stand alone.
A.J. Beirens|Did god make man too perfect,So that a piece has to be removedthrough circumcision?
Philip Pullman|I think there's a difference between (a) offending people for its own sake, which I don't necessarily want to do, because some people are good and decent and it would be unkind to upset them simply to indulge my own self-importance, and (b) challenging their prejudices, their preconceptions, or their comfortable assumptions. I'm very happy to do that. But we need to be on our guard when people say they're offended. No one actually has the right to go through life without being offended. Some people think they can say "such-and-such offends me" and that will stop the "offensive" words or behaviour and force the "offender" to apologise. I'm very much against that tactic. No one should be able to shut down discussion by making their feelings more important than the search for truth. If such people are offended, they should put up with it.
Helen Gurley Brown|The age of the Earth is a hotly debated issue among evangelicals. Old Earthers believe, like most scientists, that the universe is billions of years old. Young Earthers measure the age of the universe in terms of thousands of years.
Duncan Jones|I want to do the romantic comedies. You know, the stuff that Meg Ryan and Julia Roberts or Reese Witherspoon would choose, of course.
Philip José Farmer, The Dark Design|My libido was like a Golden Retriever puppy, ready to jump all over him and lick his face.Down, girl.
Hidekaz Himaruya, Hetalia: Axis Powers, Vol. 2|I don't know if mama was right, that we each have a destiny, or if if was Lt Dan, that we are all just floating around, accidental, like on a breeze, but I think... I think... maybe... it's both happening at the same time.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Poor Folk|Oh literature is a wonderful thing, Varenka, a very wonderful thing: I discovered that from being with those people the day before yesterday. It is a profound thing. It strengthens people’s hearts and instructs them,… Literature is a picture, or rather in a certain sense both a picture and a mirror; it is an expression of emotion, a subtle form of criticism, a didactic lesson and a document…
Dave Champion|Because of the power that we have given money: The government would rather have taxpayers who do not vote, than voters who do not pay tax.
Brandon Mull, Keys to the Demon Prison|Adamant," Doren said proudly, handing over the shield. "We fished it out of the tar pit where we found the shirt of mail.""Probably all belonged to the same careless adventurer," Newel speculated. "Too much money, not enough talent.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Everything Is Illuminated|The creatures I have sent to their God are not men. They abdicated the right to the name by committing acts of inhuman savagery so that they cannot even count themselves among God's beasts. For even the beasts have better reason for what they do- and so have I. If those be men, I rank myself gladly with the animals. There are places in this world where the force of law holds sway; it is a great pity that Larissa is not one of them.
Lionel Shriver, The New Republic|At only ten a.m., Edgar found himself already eyeing the Doritos on the counter. One thing he hadn't anticipated about the 'home office' was Snack Syndrome; lately his mental energies divided evenly between his new calling (worrying about money, which substituted neatly for earning it) and not stuffing his face.
Maureen F. McHugh, Nekropolis|The Second Koran tells us that the darkness in ourselves is a sinister thing. It waits until we relax, it waits until we reach the most vulnerable moments, and then it snares us. I want to be dutiful. I want to do what I should. But when I go back to the tube, I think of where I am going; to that small house and my empty room. What will I do tonight? Make more paper flowers, more wreaths? I am sick of them. Sick of the Nekro
Cornell Woolrich, Angels of Darkness|An attachment grew up. What is an attachment? It is the most difficult of all the human interrelationships to explain, because it is the vaguest, the most impalpable. It has all the good points of love, and none of its drawbacks. No jealousy, no quarrels, no greed to possess, no fear of losing possession, no hatred (which is very much a part of love), no surge of passion and no hangover afterward. It never reaches the heights, and it never reaches the depths.As a rule it comes on subtly. As theirs did. As a rule the two involved are not even aware of it at first. As they were not. As a rule it only becomes noticeable when it is interrupted in some way, or broken off by circumstances. As theirs was. In other words, its presence only becomes known in its absence. It is only missed after it stops. While it is still going on, little thought is given to it, because little thought needs to be.It is pleasant to meet, it is pleasant to be together. To put your shopping packages down on a little wire-backed chair at a little table at a sidewalk cafe, and sit down and have a vermouth with someone who has been waiting there for you. And will be waiting there again tomorrow afternoon. Same time, same table, same sidewalk cafe. Or to watch Italian youth going through the gyrations of the latest dance craze in some inexpensive indigenous night-place-while you, who come from the country where the dance originated, only get up to do a sedate fox trot. It is even pleasant to part, because this simply means preparing the way for the next meeting.One long continuous being-together, even in a love affair, might make the thing wilt. In an attachment it would surely kill the thing off altogether. But to meet, to part, then to meet again in a few days, keeps the thing going, encourages it to flower.And yet it requires a certain amount of vanity, as love does; a desire to please, to look one's best, to elicit compliments. It inspires a certain amount of flirtation, for the two are of opposite sex. A wink of understanding over the rim of a raised glass, a low-voiced confidential aside about something and the smile of intimacy that answers it, a small impromptu gift - a necktie on the one part because of an accidental spill on the one he was wearing, or of a small bunch of flowers on the other part because of the color of the dress she has on.So it goes.And suddenly they part, and suddenly there's a void, and suddenly they discover they have had an attachment.Rome passed into the past, and became New York.Now, if they had never come together again, or only after a long time and in different circumstances, then the attachment would have faded and died. But if they suddenly do come together again - while the sharp sting of missing one another is still smarting - then the attachment will revive full force, full strength. But never again as merely an attachment. It has to go on from there, it has to build, to pick up speed. And sometimes it is so glad to be brought back again that it makes the mistake of thinking it is love.("For The Rest Of Her Life")
Richelle E. Goodrich|Every human being should regard himself as if he were exactly balanced between innocence and guilt. Simultaneously he should regard the world as being in the same case. It follows then that if he performs one good deed, he has weighted the scales in favour of both himself and of the whole world, and thus brought about salvation both for himself and for all the inhabitants of the world.
Dennis Merritt Jones, The Art of Being: 101 Ways to Practice Purpose in Your Life|In Zen, there is an old saying: The obstacle is the path. Know that a whole and happy life is not free of obstacles. Quite the contrary, a whole and happy life is riddled with obstacles-they simply become the very stepping-stones that help lift us to a new perspective. It is not what happens to us in this life that shapes us, it is how we choose to respond to what happens to us.
Richard Dawkins, The Selfish Gene|Obsolescence is a fate devoutly to be wished, lest science stagnate and die.
Debasish Mridha|Let me go where love is abundant, peace is plentiful, and joy is in the air.
Dana Reinhardt, The Things a Brother Knows|As I say, I have never in all these years thought of the matter in quite this way; but then it is perhaps in the nature of coming away on a trip such as this that one is prompted towards such surprising new perspectives on topics one imagined one had long ago thought throughly.
Amisha Patel|I have now disposed of all my property to my family. There is one thing more I wish I could give them, and that is the Christian religion.
Nikki Rowe|There is a man waiting for a woman like you, don't settle for someone who only opens half of your heart.
J.R. Ward, Lover Unleashed|I don't miss you, I miss who I thought you were.
Yahtzee Croshaw, Jam|Death is only dreadful for those who live in dread and fear of it. Death is not wild and terrible, if only we can be still and hold fast to God’s Word. Death is not bitter, if we have not become bitter ourselves. Death is grace, the greatest gift of grace that God gives to people who believe in him. Death is mild, death is sweet and gentle; it beckons to us with heavenly power, if only we realize that it is the gateway to our homeland, the tabernacle of joy, the everlasting kingdom of peace. How do we know that dying is so dreadful? Who knows whether, in our human fear and anguish we are only shivering and shuddering at the most glorious, heavenly, blessed event in the world? Death is hell and night and cold, if it is not transformed by our faith. But that is just what is so marvelous, that we can transform death.
William Arthur Ward|It takes but one person, one moment, one conviction, to start a ripple of change.
Steve Jobs|Humans have always used our intelligence and creativity to improve our existence. After all, we invented the wheel, discovered how to make fire, invented the printing press and found a vaccine for polio.
Theodore Roosevelt|Our country is too large to have all its affairs directed by a single government. Public servants at such a distance, and from under the eye of their constituents, must, from the circumstance of distance, be unable to administer and overlook all the details necessary for the good government of the citizens; and the same circumstance, by rendering detection impossible to their constituents, will invite public agents to corruption, plunder and waste.
Yukako Kabei, Kieli, Volume 7: As the Deep Ravine's Wind Howls|And the fact was that he remembered once thinking that he was fine with dying anywhere at any time… but now, gazing at each corpse in turn, he thought with all his heart, I’m glad I didn’t die there. I have to go home. I’ve still got things to do.
Robyn Carr, Sunrise Point|I am not sleeping with you.""We could probably manage it, though. Without getting too involved.""No," she said."But why? I mean, if we're trusted friends? And it doesn't interfere with our responsibilities?""Did that line ever actually work for you?""I can't remember. But it probably did-it's brilliant.
Thomas S. Monson|Man has made remarkable strides in conquering outer space, but how futile have been his efforts in conquering inner space- the space in our hearts and minds of men.
Kelli Rae Hurst, Man of Sorrows|If anyone understands, it's Jesus.
William Shakespeare|I think that all things, in their way, reflect heavenly truth, the imagination not least.
Rob Sheffield, Love Is a Mix Tape|Back home, my favorite part of Mass was during communion, when I'd stand at the rail and hold a little gold platter under people's chins. The pretty girls would line up for communion (I confess to Almighty God). They'd kneel (and to you my brothers and sisters), cast their eyes demurely down (I have sinned through my own fault), and stick out their tongues (in my thoughts and in my words). Their tongues would shine, reflected in the gold platter, and since the wafer was dry, the girls would maybe lick their lips (and I ask Blessed Mary ever virgin, all the angels and saints, and you my brothers and sisters) before they swallowed (to pray for me to the Lord our God). It was all I could do not to pass out.
Charles Wolfe|When I see myself on film it makes me smile, I mean making a good living doing what I enjoy is soo much fun. I just hope that everyone has the chance to enjoy life like I do.
Kazuo Ishiguro, The Remains of the Day|Throughout my lifetime I've left pieces of my heart here and there. And now, there's almost barely enough to stay alive. But I force a smile, knowing that my ambition far exceeded my talent.
Leo Tolstoy, The Wood-Felling, The Raid, and Other Stories|I feel even more incapable of returning to Russia the same as when I left it. It's just one more of those legends in Russia, confirmed by Passek, Sleptsov and others, that one only has to come to the Caucasus to be showered with decorations. Everyone expects it of us, demands it of us. But I've been here two years, taken part in two expeditions and received nothing. For all that, I've so much pride that I won't leave this place until I'm a major, with an Anna or a Vladimir round my neck. I've reached the point where it really rankles when some Gnilokishkin is decorated and I'm not. What's more, how could I look my elder in the face again, or merchant Kotel'nikov to whom I sell grain, or my aunt in Moscow and all those fine gentlemen in Russia, if I return after two years in the Caucasus with nothing to show for it? No, I don't want to know those gentlemen and I'm sure that they couldn't care less about me. But such is man's nature that though I couldn't give a damn about them they're the reason why I'm ruining the best years of my life, my happiness and whole future.
Adhish Mazumder|Not all angels come from above. Some are beside you or around you even as we speak. Then why can't we see them? Because we are too busy searching for them elsewhere. We won't find them unless we stop looking for them amongst the demons or in our prayers offered to the Gods. Open your eyes, perceive your vicinity and analyse people - only then will you find the true angels.
Maggie Macnab, Design by Nature: Using Universal Forms and Principles in Design|It is the nature of intuition to spark and guide creativity, and it's an essential ingredient for anything "new" to happen in the world at all.
Ritu Lalit, Wrong, for the right reasons|We’re animals, primates to be precise,” I pointed out. “Games are role playing from our hunter gatherer days.”“That's nothing to be proud of,” he said, in a fair imitation of Papa's manner.
Harlan Coben, Tell No One / Gone For Good|Why on earth do you carry a mirror around with you?” “It's purely a defensive device. We seldom quarrel, and this is one of the reasons. Can you imagine yourself getting all worked up and contorted and illogical and then coming face to face with yourself, looking at yourself exactly as you look to everyone else?
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar|When I was a kid, no one would believe anything positive that you could say about black people. That's a terrible burden.
Joan G. Robinson|I believe in one that all people are dreaming. This now, past and future is just a long dream, some people wake up by dieing, other by suicide everything is about a choice. But the people which are dead in our world, there aren't dead in the other they are still alive and watching us and they are smiling at us and they want we to make our choice. To think then to do it!
Lailah Gifty Akita|A friend is someone who will always be there for you, in good and hard times.
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|Some of this book—perhaps too much—has been about how I learned to do it. Much of it has been about how you can do it better. The rest of it—and perhaps the best of it—is a permission slip: you can, you should, and if you're brave enough to start, you will. Writing is magic, as much the water of life as any other creative art. The water is free. So drink. Drink and be filled up. 
Stephen King, It|It was so lovely, Heidi stood with tears pouring down her cheeks, and thanked God for letting her come home to it again. She could find no words to express her feelings, but lingered until the light began to fade and then ran on.
Oliver Markus|Calling a book "Young Adult" is just a fancy way of saying the book is censored. People used to say they like to read books about romance, true crime, comedy, horror or science fiction. But these days people simply say they like to read "Young Adult" books. As if that were a topic. But that's the thing: Young Adult is not a topic, it's a level of censorship. Saying "I like Young Adult books" is just another way of saying "I like books that have been dumbed down for children. I like books with no big words and no difficult abstract concepts. Nothing that will strain my brain." People like to brag that they used to start reading at an early age, as if that were a badge of honor, a sign of intelligence. Nobody brags about when they started to watch TV. But books are being dumbed down so much these days, it's really not a sign of great intelligence when you're a grown up and you struggle your way through Green Eggs and Ham.
Mark Haddon, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time|Nothing worth doing is easy," frank said. "Especially not in the beginning. But I'm not about to give up.
Jenny Han, P.S. I Still Love You|When you lose someone and it hurts, that's when you know the love was real.
RVM|Why destroy this Morn, by a Past that is dead & Gone and a Future not yet Born!
Alan Alda|Barbecue is an incredibly democratic food. It's cheaper than McDonald's in many places and far more delicious. On the other hand, the only reason it can be that cheap is they use commodity hogs, the worst of the worst, which is - you know, it's an industry kind of ruining North Carolina.
Renee Swope, A Confident Heart: How to Stop Doubting Yourself & Live in the Security of God's Promises|Government is a contrivance of human wisdom to provide for human wants," wrote Edmund Burke in his Reflections on the Revolution in France. In the original and primary sense of lacks or needs, wants tend to structure our vision of government's responsibilities. The quest for security - whether economic, physical, psychological, or military - brings a sense of urgency to politics and is one of the enduring sources of passion in policy controversies. Need is probably the most fundamental political claim. Even toddlers know that need carries more weight than desire or deservingness. They learn early to counter a rejected request by pleading, "I need it." To claim need is to claim that one should be given the resources or help because they are essential. Of course, this raises the question "essential for what?" In conflicts over security, the central issues are what kind of security government should attempt to provide; what kinds of needs it should attempt to meet; and how the burdens of making security a collective responsibility should be distributed.Just as most people are all for equity and efficiency in the abstract, most people believe that society should help individuals and families when they are in dire need. But beneath this consensus is a turbulent and intense conflict over how to distinguish need from mere desire, and how to preserve a work - or - merit based system of economic distribution in the face of distribution according to need. Defining need for purposes of public programs become much an exercise like defining equity and efficiency. People try to portray their needs as being objective, and policymakers seek to portray their program criteria as objective, in order to put programs beyond political dispute. As with equity and efficiency, there are certain recurring strategies of argument that can be used to expand or contract a needs claim.In defense policy, relative need is far more important than absolute. Our sense of national security (and hence our need for weapons) depends entirely on comparison with the countries we perceive as enemies. And here Keynes is probably right: The need for weapons can only be satisfied by feeling superior to "them." Thus, it doesn't matter how many people our warheads can kill or how many cities they can destroy. What matters is what retaliatory capacity we have left after an attack by the other side, or whether our capacity to sustain an offense is greater than their capacity to destroy it. The paradox of nuclear weapons is that the more security we gain in terms of absolute capability (i.e., kill potential), the more insecure we make ourselves with respect to the consequences of nuclear explosions. We gain superiority only by producing weapons we ourselves are terrified to use.
Lynn Flewelling, Stalking Darkness|There are things you do sometimes, actions that you take by obeying sudden impulses, without stopping for even a fraction of a second to think, and then you spend the rest of your life either lamenting it or thanking yourself for it. They are rare, unique, and perfect moments.
Albert Camus, The Fastidious Assassins|You are making a difference in Life. Whether or not you realize it, every action, every re-action, or every non-action impacts Life. The question to ask yourself is not whether you are making a difference, but whether that difference is positive or negative.
Jeffrey Archer|Finia glanced towards her bedroom, wishing the darkness would swallow her whole.
Martin Baker|If, in the Judaic perception, the language of the Adamic was that of love, the grammars of fallen man are those of the legal code.
Rumiko Takahashi|Shane looked faintly injured. “I make it my business to know everything about silver. And I saw your notes. I study up on everything when it comes to your boss, anyway.” There was a flicker of jealousy about that, but she didn’t have time, or energy, to consider it very much. Not even whether or not she liked it.
Deepak Chopra, The Way of the Wizard: Twenty Spiritual Lessons for Creating the Life You Want|If you could really see that tree over there," Merlin said, "you would be so astounded that you'd fall over.""Really? But why?" asked Arthur. "It's just a tree.""No," Merlin said, "It's just a tree in your mind. To another mind it is an expression of infinite spirit and beauty. In God's mind it is a dear child, sweeter than anything you can imagine.
Oksana Rus|Be calm...calm as a calm lagoon, then you will look beautiful as a beautiful calm lagoon crowned by the Moon and sheltered by the brilliance of the stars reclaiming your royalty of regal life...
Vladimir Lorchenkov, The Good Life Elsewhere|Gossip columnists patrol their mundane arena with the same sort of mysterious merit the advice-givers do. Plainly put, how does anyone become a gossip columnist? I can't simplify it down to a lower scale than that. Are there universities that offer courses in gossip writing? How about plain old Gossip 111? Are there that many literate people who could not write a gossip column? What then, qualifies the chosen few above the rest?
Rachel Caine, Ghost Town|Never a good sign, he thought, when the crows showed up.
James McBride, The Good Lord Bird|The light on her face was a lesson, a book that she hoped he would want to read, but he looked away from her...she did not want this man to leave her alone. He was kind. And she feared the loneliness of dreaming
Anthony Liccione|The funny thing about a lie is that once it has been said and believed, it lives and becomes. It can't be taken back. It sucks all the air from you until you give up and it takes over and you forget how to breathe on your own. It is like those parasitic relationships, but not like the shark and the little remora that politely cleans the shark's skin and sometimes attaches itself to its underbelly. No, it is more like a tapeworm eating someone from the inside out.
Nick Harkaway, Angelmaker|You need to relax and be yourself, not whoever it is you’re trying to be in your mad little head. I bloody don’t, though. I’m me and I’m good at it.
Cynthia P. Schneider|What I wrote all the time when I was a kid - I don't want to call it 'poetry,' because it wasn't poetry. I was not that kind of a writer. I was a rhymer. I was a fan of Dorothy Parker's, so maybe I wrote poetry to that extent, but my main focus was the humor of it, and word construction, and the slant. Your words, it's a very powerful experience.
Rob Bignell, Editor, Writing Affirmations: A Collection of Positive Messages to Inspire Writers|Writing is like driving a car at night. You can only see as far as your headlights, but you can make the whole trip that way.
John Steinbeck, East of Eden|Time interval is a strange and contradictory matter in the mind. It would be reasonable to suppose that a routine time or an eventless time would seem interminable. It should be so, but it is not. It is the dull eventless times that have no duration whatever. A time splashed with interest, wounded with tragedy, crevassed with joy - that's the time that seems long in the memory. And this is right when you think about it. Eventlessness has no posts to drape duration on. From nothing to nothing is no time at all.
Viktor E. Frankl|The more I want to get something done, the less I call it work.
Rebecca Solnit, The Mother of All Questions|If you look a word up in the dictionary and twenty minutes later you're still wandering around in the dictionary, you probably have the most basic equipment you need to be a poet.
Ron Brackin|I had already established, as you know, that it was logically impossible for Kenneth to be distressed by anything that might occur between Ned and myself; but Kenneth, being an artist, has perhaps not studied logic and is unaware of the impossibility.
Pericles|Those who can truly be accounted brave are those who best know the meaning of what is sweet in life and what is terrible, and then go out, undeterred, to meet what is to come.
Oscar Wilde|I am very pleased you like my stories. They are studies in prose, put for Romance's sake into fanciful form: meant partly for children, and partly for those who have kept the childlike faculties of wonder and joy, and who find simplicity in a subtle strangeness.
Jessie G., Past Hurts|I know you’re afraid of getting hurt, again,” Rick said as he gently took Angela’s hands in his. “I can’t predict your future. I’m just asking you if I can be a part of it.
Priyavrat Thareja|Be A Famous Person Is Difficult , But Very Difficult To Be The Intelligent Man.
Sharon Gannon, Yoga and Vegetarianism: The Path to Greater Health and Happiness|Life is meant to be lived in 'the zone', not the stands.
Katherine McIntyre, Rising for Autumn|A thousand words blossomed to her lips and died there, because no amount of speaking could communicate the depths of how he’d affected her. Of how he’d changed her.
Mikhail Lermontov, A Hero of Our Time|Now he slept soundly through the nights, and often he dreamed of trains, and often of one particular train: He was on it; he could smell the coal smoke; a world went by. And then he was standing in that world as the sound of the train died away. A frail familiarity in these scenes hinted to him that they came from his childhood. Sometimes he woke to hear the sound of the Spokane International fading up the valley and realized he’d been hearing the locomotive as he dreamed.
Queen Latifah|I think I'd be a great mom, honestly. I don't think I'll have any problem giving them all the love in the world. Discipline will be the hard part.
Xavier Becerra|It's trite to say that the world has gotten smaller in the age of globalization, but my travels have told me that it's wrong to think this means there is some kind of uniform world culture.
Ann Everett, You're Busting My Nuptials|I'd rather be stung to death by a bunch of piss ants. ~Synola Harper, You're Busting My Nuptials
Alan Moore|I'm a huge fan of Steve Martin. He's hilarious, but he has this depth to him and this way of dealing with the difficult things in life with a sense of humor that I think has helped me as an actress.
Michael Ignatieff|My dad raised me with some good advice: 'Always tell the truth. Always shoot from the hip. You might not have many friends, but you'll never have enemies, because people will always know where you're coming from.'
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|Action without prayer thins out into something very exterior. A prayerless life can result in effective action and accomplish magnificent things, but if there is no developed interiority, the action never enters into the depth and intimacy of relationships.
Bamigboye Olurotimi|Visionless people are prone to harm and trouble, because they always follow any path and end anyhow.
Robert D. Hales|If you are there for the Lord, He will be there for you. If you love Him and keep His commandments, you will have His Spirit to be with you and guide you.
Scott Hastie|When in love or inspired,An eternal kiss from the divineAwaits us all.
Terry Pratchett, Equal Rites|The living often don’t appreciate how complicated the world looks when you are dead, because while death frees the mind from the straitjacket of three dimensions it also cuts it away from Time, which is only another dimension. So while the cat that rubbed up against his invisible legs was undoubtedly the same cat that he had seen a few minutes before, it was also quite clearly a tiny kitten and a fat, half-blind old moggy and every stage in between. All at once. Since it had started off small it looked like a white, catshaped carrot, a description that will have to do until people invent proper four-dimensional adjectives.
Rhonda Byrne, The Power|An educated man is not, necessarily, one who has an abundance of general or specialized knowledge. An educated man is one who has so developed the faculties of his mind that he may acquire anything he wants, or its equivalent, without violating the rights of others.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|If you don’t figure out your main reason of being born, chances are that, you will fall into another plan which is unlikely to make you to print out your bigger picture!
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead|I want peace; yes, I'd sell the whole world for a farthing, straight off, so long as I was left in peace. Is the world to go to pot, or am I to go without my tea? I say that the world may go to pot for me so long as I always get my tea. Did you know that, or not? Well, anyway, I know that I am a blackguard, a scoundrel, an egoist, a sluggard.
James W. Pennebaker, The Secret Life of Pronouns: What Our Words Say About Us|Conversations are like dances. Two people effortlessly move in step with one another, usually anticipating the other person's next move. If one of the dancers moves in an unexpected direction, the other typically adapts and builds on the new approach. As with dancing, it is often difficult to tell who is leading and who is following in that the two people are constantly affecting each other. And once the dance begins, it is almost impossible for one person to singly dictate the couple's movement.
William Barrett, The Illusion of Technique: A Search for Meaning in a Technological Civilization|Autopilot is great, and removal of thought is one of the highest ideals of training. But removal of thought in the moment must be preceded by purposeful thought beforehand.
Vernetta Norman|Challenges lead to Growth,Grow matures ones daily living,Living a good life expedites....Wisdom
Bhavik Sarkhedi|You work very slowly. In fact, if you went any slower you'd be in reverse.
RVM|The only thing that belongs to us is our LIFE. Yet, we waste it in the pursuit of meaningless things that will never belong to us.
Leon Trotsky, The Transitional Program for Socialist Revolution|What is politics, after all, but the compulsion to preside over property and make others people's decisions for them? Liberty, the very opposite of ownership and control, cannot, then, result from political action, either at the polls or at the barricades, but rather evolves out of attitude. If it results from anything, it must be levity.
Vishwas Mudagal|You discover or re-discover yourself only through travel, and unplanned travel is the most exhilarating experience. I truly believe that not all those who wander are lost. But for the ones who are lost, wandering is the only way to find themselves.
Joyce Rachelle, Sewing Figs|The very word, “sin,” which seems to have disappeared, was once a proud word. It was once a strong word, an ominous and serious word. … But the word went away. It has almost disappeared — the word, along with the notion. Why? Doesn’t anyone sin anymore? Doesn’t anyone believe in sin?
Omar Saif Ghobash, Letters to a Young Muslim|Respecting differences while gaining insight into our essential connected-ness, we can free ourselves from the impulse to rigidly categorize the world in terms of narrow boundaries and labels.
Felix Wantang, Face to Face Meetings With Jesus Christ 3 (Read Chapter One): Revealing the End of the Age|The Saviour saved me. So I can serve God without fear, in sacredness as long as I live.
W. Daniel Hillis|I actually use a computer a lot. I have three computers that I use on a regular basis - one is on my desk top in my Washington office, another is at home, and I have my laptop that I use when I'm travelling.
Naima Simone, Killer Curves|The room was almost dark, with just flickers of light coming from the logs burning in the hearth. I could just see his shape, sitting in the leather, wing-backed chair, silhouetted by the fire.“Come here.”His voice was quiet, but with the firmness I had come to expect from him. I moved closer and knelt down in front of him, my naked bottom facing the warmth of the fire. I bent my head downwards and looked at the floor as I had been taught, but he surprised me by lifting up my chin with his hand. “You look so beautiful.”He bent and kissed me softly on the lips, and I shivered in anticipation. Was it to be pleasure or pain this time? Or perhaps a combination of both, given in the way that only he can.
Shakuita Johnson, Dark Indiscretions|Yuki (in a standoff with Zero): We're going to stay like this until vol. 10? Why...don't we sit down...Zero?Zero: I can't. If I sit down, I won't be able to get up again. (I've reached my limits in many ways).Yuki: Well, I'm going to sit...
Terry Tempest Williams, When Women Were Birds: Fifty-four Variations on Voice|We are only lightly covered with buttoned cloth; and beneath these pavements are shells, bones and silence.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|If thou really believe in one God,irrationality is subset of thou logic.
Eric Clapton|Today, companies have to radically revolutionize themselves every few years just to stay relevant. That's because technology and the Internet have transformed the business landscape forever. The fast-paced digital age has accelerated the need for companies to become agile.
Marie Lu, Prodigy|Love is illogical, love had consequences--I did this to myself, and I should be able to take it.
Cleveland W. Gibson|I intend all my characters must escape from impossible situations; if they are not in trouble, then as a writer, I am.
Julia Quinn, What Happens in London|She’d ceased spying upon him, that was true, but the damage was done. Every time he sat at his desk, he could feel her eyes upon him, even though he knew very well she’d shut her curtains tight. But clearly, reality had very little to do with the matter, because all he had to do, it seemed, was glance at her window, and he lost an entire hour’s work.It happened thus: He looked at the window, because it was there, and he couldn’t very well never happen to glance upon it unless he also shut his curtains tight, which he was not willing to do, given the amount of time he spent in his office. So he saw the window, and he thought of her, because, really, what else would he think of upon seeing her bedroom window? At that point, annoyance set in, because A) she wasn’t worth the energy, B) she wasn’t even there, and C) he wasn’t getting any work done because of her.C always led into a bout of even deeper irritation, this time directed at himself, because D) he really ought to have better powers of concentration, E) it was just a stupid window, and F) if he was going to get agitated about a female, it ought to be one he at least liked.F was where he generally let out a loud growl and forced himself to get back to his translation. It usually worked for a minute or two, and then he’d look back up, and happen to see the window, and the whole bloody nonsense cycled back to the beginning.
A.A. Milne|He who is different from me does not impoverish me - he enriches me. Our unity is constituted in something higher than ourselves - in Man... For no man seeks to hear his own echo, or to find his reflection in the glass.
Maud Hart Lovelace, Betsy and Tacy Go Downtown|Let those parents that desire Holy Children learn to make them possessors of Heaven and Earth betimes; to remove silly objects from before them, to magnify nothing but what is great indeed, and to talk of God to them, and of His works and ways. before they can either speak or go.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|Do not listen to a single soul, but your own inner voice. Foster your will and make it as wild as possible. Dive deep into the mysterious fathoms of the universe and accomplish your purpose by hook or by crook, even if it means going down to the bottom of the ocean to meet your doom.
Zig Ziglar|It's a European Union of economic failure, of mass unemployment and of low growth.
Anthony Doerr, All the Light We Cannot See|If you're not afraid, how can you be really brave?
Matthew      Lewis, The Monk|I often challenge the people, who can make my life hell, and I do it to break the chain of command and fear, I get their attention so badly, and I work very hard to prove I am better than everyone.
Jaden Wilkes, Dirty Little Freaks|What's heartbreaking isn't that we can't be together. It's that now, I know better and now; I will never be able to love you or anyone else in the same way again.
Noel DeJesus|Stealing isn't so easy, often it's hard work, otherwise we'd all be doing it.
Charles Sanders Peirce, The Fixation of Belief|It may be asked how I know that there are any Reals. If this hypothesis is the sole support of my method of inquiry, my method of inquiry must not be used to support my hypothesis. The reply is this: 1. If investigation cannot be regarded as proving that there are Real things, it at least does not lead to a contrary conclusion; but the method and the conception on which it is based remain ever in harmony. No doubts of the method, therefore, necessarily arise from its practice, as is the case with all the others. 2. The feeling which gives rise to any method of fixing belief is a dissatisfaction at two repugnant propositions. But here already is a vague concession that there is some one thing which a proposition should represent. Nobody, therefore, can really doubt that there are Reals, for, if he did, doubt would not be a source of dissatisfaction. The hypothesis, therefore, is one which every mind admits. So that the social impulse does not cause men to doubt it. 3. Everybody uses the scientific method about a great many things, and only ceases to use it when he does not know how to apply it. 4. Experience of the method has not led us to doubt it, but, on the contrary, scientific investigation has had the most wonderful triumphs in the way of settling opinion. These afford the explanation of my not doubting the method or the hypothesis which it supposes; and not having any doubt, nor believing that anybody else whom I could influence has, it would be the merest babble for me to say more about it. If there be anybody with a living doubt upon the subject, let him consider it.
M.F. Moonzajer|At this time in his life Zinkoff sees no difference between the stars in the sky and the stars in his mother's plastic Baggie. He believes that stars fall from the sky sometimes, and that his mother goes around collecting them like acorns. He believes she has to use heavy gloves and dark sunglasses because the fallen stars are so hot and shiny. She puts them in the freezer for forty-five minutes, and when they come out they are flat and silver and sticky on the back and ready for his shirts.
Mizuki Nomura, Book Girl and the Corrupted Angel|Even though my angel has forgiven me and rescued me, who on earth will save him, who cannot be allowed into the light of the sun, who has lost his name, who can only hide himself in the world of darkness?
Jalina Mhyana, The Wishing Bones|Offerings gleam beneath consecrated trees,boulders, and caves where Kami nature spiritsminister to congregations of saki cans, lotus root, and the glow of tangerines; still-lives silent as prayer.
Robert Louis Stevenson|Lord, behold our family here assembled. We thank You for this place in which we dwell, for the love accorded us this day, for the hope with which we expect the morrow; for the health, the work, the food and the bright skies that make our lives delightful; for our friends in all parts of the earth. Give us courage and gaiety and the quiet mind. Spare us to our friends, soften us to our enemies. Bless us, if it may be, in all our innocent endeavors; if it may not, give us strength to endure that which is to come that we may be brave in peril, constant in tribulation, temperate in wrath and in all changes of fortune and down to the gates of death, loyal and loving to one another. We beseech of you this help and mercy for Christ's sake.
Kevis Hendrickson|Writing a book is a blood sport. If it doesn't hurt when you're done, you're probably doing something wrong.
Mary Hayes-Grieco, The Kitchen Mystic: Spiritual Lessons Hidden in Everyday Life|Amen,' I exclaim, accidentally spitting out a Raisinet. I pick up the chocolate with a Kleenex and stuff it in my purse. Ten bucks says a month from now I'll have forgotten about it and will finally have said heart attack when I assume a rat shat in there.
Abdullah Ibn al-Mu'tazz, Birds Through a Ceiling of Alabaster: Three Abbasid Poets|A slow hour passed, distracted by intermittent drops of moisture from above, as if the sky were conducting a feasibility study on the implications of rain. Of committing to a course of action.
Gina Lake, What about Now?: Reminders for Being in the Moment|When we give freely, we feel full and complete; when we withhold, we feel small, petty, impotent, and lacking. We are meant to learn this great truth, that giving fulfills us, while withholding and trying to get causes us to feel empty and even more needy. This truth runs counter to our programming, which drives us to try to get something from others to fulfill our neediness, only to end up even more needy, grasping, lacking, and unfulfilled.
Bertrand Russell|It is essential to happiness that our way of living should spring from our own deep impulses and not from the accidental tastes and desires of those who happen to be our neighbors, or even our relations.
Dana Reinhardt, The Summer I Learned to Fly|It feels less lonely knowing that when I look up at the sky, someone somewhere is looking too. And maybe, just maybe, they are also at peace knowing that they are not alone as we are one under the same sky.
Francesco Marciuliano, I Could Chew on This: And Other Poems by Dogs|If you were an animal, what kind would it be?""A dog. I'd take people in my teeth like rats and shake some sense into them.
Debasish Mridha|To enjoy a moment, you have to love and appreciate it.
Cynthia Hand, Boundless|I have a big hole in my heart," I said. "But it'll close over."I don't want to sound all Dr. Phil," she said. "But don't let the scab seal the pain in, okay?"That's good advice," I said. "I hope I can manage it.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The broken home has become the number one social problem of America, and could ultimately lead to the destruction of our civilization . . . it does not make screaming headlines; but, like termites, it is eating away at the heart and core of the American structure.
Richard Rohr|In the Confederate Army, an officer was judged by stark courage alone, and this made it possible for the Confederacy to live four years.
Nicole Peeler, Tempest’s Fury|If 22 bushels (1,300 pounds) of rice and 22 bushels of winter grain are harvested from a quarter acre field, then the field will support five to ten people each investing an average of less than one hour of labour per day. But if the field were turned over to pasturage, or if the grain were fed to cattle, only one person could be supported per quarter acre. Meat becomes a luxury food when its production requires land which could provide food directly for human consumption. This has been shown clearly and definitely. Each person should ponder seriously how much hardship he is causing by indulging in food so expensively produced.
Milan Kundera, The Festival of Insignificance|Human nature is pretty shabby stuff, as you may know from introspection.
Elizabeth F. Howell, Understanding and Treating Dissociative Identity Disorder: A Relational Approach|In talking with people that have experienced it, I learned that PTSD is something that a person in a position of authority sometimes thinks they’re not supposed to have. They don’t always have an avenue to personally address it or even discuss it.
Anita Diamant, The Red Tent|Our culture sends some amazingly contradictory messages about what an ideal mother is like. Mothers try to live up to these ideals without recognizing the contradictions or the improbability of the task. As mothers, you are often expected to have a fulfilling career, time for personal interests, a rewarding marriage, involvement in your communities, a thorough grasp of current events - and be able to provide baked goods at a moment's notice.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|Some of the best people that ever lived have been as destitute as I am; and if you are a Christian, you ought not to consider poverty a crime.
Gregor Golob|I always wanted to know what it is right. Maybe we know each other from time immemorial, if you know that in you is the eternal energy of goodness, which is most important for you.
Thomas Paine|A state is better governed which has few laws, and those laws strictly observed.
Anonymous|I'm not even who I am, yet.
Kamand Kojouri|If you want to find God, then all you need to do is love.
Peter L. Bergen|I'm a healthy eater. In the morning, I'll have hot water and lemon, then scrambled eggs. I eat spelt or rye bread, not wheat, and have lots of veg and salad.
Naomi Klein, This Changes Everything: Capitalism vs. The Climate|Fundamentally, the task is to articulate not just an alternative set of policy proposals but an alternative worldview to rival the one at the heart of the ecological crisis - embedded in interdependence rather than hyper-individualism, reciprocity rather than dominance, and cooperation rather than hierarchy. This is required not only to create a political context to dramatically lower emissions, but also to help us cope with the disasters we can no longer avoid. Because in the hot and stormy future we have already made inevitable through our past emissions, an unshakable belief in the equal rights of all people and a capacity for deep compassion will be the only things standing between civilization and barbarism.
Scott Stabile|Sometimes I act like I have my shit together more than I do. Sometimes I act like I don’t have my shit together as much as I do. I’m done acting. I’d rather just be okay with however together my shit is at the time, and still do my best to show up, as I am.
Atul Gawande, Being Mortal: Medicine and What Matters in the End|Technological society has forgotten what scholars call the 'dying role' and its importance to people as life approaches its end. People want to share memories, pass on wisdoms and keepsakes, settle relationships, establish their legacies, make peace with God, and ensure that those who are left behind will be okay. They want to end their stories on their own terms. This role is, observers argue, among life's most important, for both the dying and those left behind. And if it is, the way we deny people this role, out of obtuseness and neglect, is cause for everlasting shame. Over and over, we in medicine inflict deep gouges at the end of people's lives and then stand oblivious to the harm done.
William Branks|Who stands fast? Only the man whose final standard is not his reason, his principles, his conscience, his freedom, or his virtue, but who is ready to sacrifice all this when he is called to obedient and responsible action in faith and in exclusive allegiance to God- the responsible man, who tries to make his whole life an answer to the question and call of God. Where are these responsible people?
Zelda la Grange|To test a man's character, give him power. Once people have power they will always reveal themselves.
Ayn Rand, Anthem|We, Equality 7-2521, were not happy in those year in the Home of the Students. It was not that the learning was too hard for us. It was that the learning was too easy. This is a great sin, to be born with a head which is too quick. It is not good to be different from our brothers, but it is evil to be superior to them. The Teachers told us so, and they frowned when they looked at us.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A flower does not diminish in beauty, no matter how many weeds envy it.
Mitch Hedberg|By Thursday morning, we'd gotten over the worst of it.
Shai Tubali, A Guide to Bliss: Transforming Your Life through Mind Expansion|Yes, I value emotions deeply.Call me sensitive, call me weak, call me outdated, call me anything you may, but tell me the truth, can you deny emotions give life to life. If Emotions are an integral part of Being Human,why do people suppress feeling them ?Does the bruising scare them ? Than I wonder who is weak ?
Steve Wozniak|To most of the general public, language comes down less to wonder than a rather censorious bifurcated sentiment – namely, that the vast majority of the world's humans either speak and something primitive or speak something badly.
Mary MacLane, I Await the Devil's Coming|Sometimes I think I am a strange, strange creature -- something not of earth, nor yet of heaven, nor of hell. I think at times I am a little thing fallen on the earth by mistake: a thing thrown among foreign, unfitting elements, where every little door is closed -- every Why unanswered, and itself knows not where to lay its head. I feel a deadly certainty in some moments that the wild world contains not one moment of rest for me, that there will never be any rest, that my woman's-soul will go on asking long, long centuries after my woman's-body is laid in its grave.
Belle Aurora, Love Thy Neighbour|Tina leans forward and asks quietly, 'Do you? You know? Love her?'Squeezing Nat’s knee again, I reply, 'She’s teachin’ me how.
Jefferson Davis|The principle for which we contend is bound to reassert itself, though it may be at another time and in another form.
Maud Hart Lovelace, Heaven to Betsy|The most important part of religion isn't in any church. It's down in your own heart. Religion is in your thoughts, and in the way you act from day to day, in the way you treat other people. It's honesty, and unselfishness, and kindness. Especially kindness.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|In reality, everyone is unlimited. All limits are simply illusions. Understanding is the breeze that sweeps them away.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|O, blackberry tart, with berries as big as your thumb, purple and black, and thick with juice, and a crust to endear them that will go to cream in your mouth, and both passing down with such a taste that will make you close your eyes and wish you might live for ever in the wideness of that rich moment.
Dave Thomas|Good food is healthy food. Food is supposed to sustain you so you can live better, not so you can eat more. Some people eat to live, and some people live to eat.
Abha Maryada Banerjee, Nucleus: Power Women: Lead from the Core|Life is always moving...often without realization...just like in an Aeroplane which feels like we are not moving at all...but we know its flying at few hundred miles an hour, many thousand feet above sea level!!!
Lisa M. Collins|…There’s forty-two thousand jobs, near ten thousand of ’em got by people like us. Everyone’s gotta eat. Industry feeds ’em. They figure Little Bear here’s gonna clean it up." He squeezed his baby, a dimpled plump girl with tufts of jet-black hair."Paa paa ba baaa!" she said. It was time for a nap.Lou sipped from his thermos, and Little Bear’s eyes drooped, and Missy remembered the voice of Rasmus Krook. 'The people will pay with their whole being: physically, mentally, ideologically, spiritually, with their land, their soul. And not just country people. Not just native people. Poison will flow through villages, towns, and cities and not stop. We must rise up. We must disrupt the system. Capitalism is a deception.'"You can help pirates," she said, because that’s the only answer she knew. Lou lifted his coffee in salute, and Missy stood up to jump.
Matthew Scully|I start work by spending time in personal Bible study. Because my projects center on a question in my own faith walk, I find Bible study essential. And God gives me scriptures daily that speak to the question with which I'm struggling.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, An Intimate Collision: Encounters with Life and Jesus|This is neither the time nor the place, however, to ponder how often the soul, in order to be able to boast of a clean body, has burdened itself with sadness, envy, and impurity.
Evan Davis|I love Charlie, Billy Burke's character. Writing for him is so spectacular, he's so funny and wry and every scene he's in he just takes. There's a scene in 'Eclipse' where Bella tells him she's a virgin, and it's the funniest, most awkward scene I've ever seen on film.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Prince|There is no death, daughter. People die only when we forget them,' my mother explained shortly before she left me. 'If you can remember me, I will be with you always.
Robbie Coltrane|I had a lot of fun driving race cars, but it wasn't my No. 1 priority.
Rachel Hawkins|You kissed me.' I tear my eyes away from the mirror to face her. We are close, so close standing here. My lungs might be carved out of granite, cast from bronze, the way they refuse to expand, to fill with air.'You kissed me back,' says Kat softly.I nod. There's nothing more to say.
Slavenka Drakulić, Frida's Bed|And then came the pain. First in her leg, as if something had sunk its teeth into it. A huge beast, a dog, maybe. It locked its jaws onto her limb and tore at the muscles with its teeth. She screamed, that was all she could do, scream. She could not describe the feeling of having her body ripped apart. She remembered her father's despair, his face as he leaned over her bed, and his words: What is it, tell me, what is it? As she writhed in pain, soaked in her own sweat, Don Guillermo, her kind, good father, waited for her to tell him. For an explanation. A meaningful verbalization of this horror, so that he could understand what was happening to his child. Otherwise, how could he help her? Because her frenzied cries were not enough. Pain needs to be articulated, communicated. It needs a kind of dialogue. It needs words. But only screams and shrieks of pain escaped from the child's lips.
Stephen King, The Bazaar of Bad Dreams|...Fritz Leiber, the great fantasist and science fiction writer...called books 'the scholar's mistress'...the one who made no demands and always took him in...
Janet Fitch, White Oleander|Nobody had forgotten anything here. In Berlin, you had to wrestle with the past, you had to build on the ruins, inside them. It wasn't like America where we scraped the earth clean, thinking we could start again every time. 
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|The drive, the ambition, the art; it all comes to me when I close my eyes and think about the sacrifices my Mom made for me.
Eric Bana|I was angry and frustrated until I started my own family and my first child was born. Until then I didn't really appreciate life the way I should have, but fortunately I woke up.
Stefan Emunds|Spirituality is conversation with God, everything else is just religious custom.
SupaNova Slom, The Remedy: The Five-Week Power Plan to Detox Your System, Combat the Fat, and Rebuild Your Mind and Body|DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list.
Steven Magee|Food commonly eaten for more than 150 years should be innocent until proven guilty, and food invented in the last 150 years is guilty until proven innocent.
Stacy Morris|If I could claw the words out of the back of my throat and give them, dripping of me, to you, we would talk of sticky hands, and the messes they make.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|If you know who you are, then it will not be difficult for you to stand your ground and on your convictions.
Peter Høeg, The Quiet Girl|Love has something to do with recognition, We can be fascinated by the unknown, we can be attracted by it, but love is something that grows, slowly, in an atmosphere of trust.
H.L. Mencken|If the opposite of certainty is doubt, humility must lie somewhere between the two,
Dr. Theresa Nicassio|When we reside in Gratitude, it's impossible to simultaneously feel like a victim.
Faraaz Kazi, More Than Just Friends|True love is healthy, respectful, and nurturing, whether it's for ourselves or for another person. It's positive, uplifting, constructive, and healing to those in our sphere of influence, including the person we look at in the mirror every single morning—ourselves.
James Madison|I think an education is not only important, it is the most important thing you can do with your life.
Safa (Me)|Peace, love, and chicken fingers man...
Marissa Meyer, Scarlet|I don't know what to do about him, Sammy." (Jackie)"It's not what you do about him. It's what you do with him. Grab him by those big, manly arms that I'm assuming he has, and show him what New York has to offer.
Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl|I never want a girl to lose all hope that her life can’t completely turn around, even if she feels that she is at the edge, standing on one foot, and ready to say goodbye.
Chance The Rapper|I knew at a young age, whether I was playing baseball or hockey or lacrosse, that my teammates were counting on me, whether it be to strike the last batter out in a baseball game or score a big goal in a hockey game.
Oliver Sacks, Musicophilia: Tales of Music and the Brain|We are social and political creatures but foremost we are a biological one. Our feelings, sentiments, emotions and attractions are generally because of our biological structure and appearance.
Karla Perry, Back to the Future: Rebuilding America's Stability|The truth is only a few hundred people are at the top of the media infrastructure…in America, and their worldview is what gets delivered to the people. It isn’t necessarily that there is a conspiracy…a humanist will promote humanist values. If we choose to see it as a conspiracy, we will demonize those we find to be culpable and will lack the insight necessary to instigate change.
Lucille Clifton|the lost womenI need to know their namesthose women I would have walked with,jauntily the way men go in groupsswinging their arms, and the onesthose sweating women whom I would have joinedAfter a hard game to chew the fatwhat would we have called each other laughingjoking into our beer? where are my gangs,my teams, my mislaid sisters?all the women who could have known me,where in the world are their names?
Donald Miller, A Million Miles in a Thousand Years: What I Learned While Editing My Life|(William) Deresiewicz offers a vision of what it takes to move from adolescence to adulthood. Everyone is born with a mind, he writes, but it is only through introspection, observation, connecting the head and the heart, making meaning of experience and finding an organizing purpose that you build a unique individual self.
Namsoon Kang, Cosmopolitan Theology: Reconstituting Planetary Hospitality, Neighbor-Love, and Solidarity in an Uneven World|Cosmopolitanism promotes a sense of new _we-ness as regarding every individual human being as a citizen of the cosmos. However, the _we-cosmic-citizens_ are not to promote the _we-ness-in-sameness_, but rather the we-ness-in-alterity_.Unlike the solidarity-in-sameness, cosmopolitan _solidarity-in-alterity_ celebrates the singularity and difference of each individual human being while not denying the historical necessity of the strategic construction of _we_ to challenge the very sociopolitically imposed category
Taylor Swift|Most people know that forests are the lungs of our planet, literally playing a critical role in every breath we take. And that they're also home to incredible animals like the orangutan and elephant, which will go extinct if we keep cutting down their forests.
Anthony Liccione|In Bobby Ogle's version of heaven everyone would wind up in one place, criminals and Muslims included.
William Gibson, Virtual Light|Here we raise his children for him, cook for him, bring up his crops, butcher his hogs - even fight his wars for him - and he still won't acknowledge our existence.
Seth Godin, Permission Marketing: Turning Strangers Into Friends And Friends Into Customers|in virtually every industry the most trusted brand is also the most profitable. Frequency led to awareness, awareness to familiarity, and familiarity to trust. And trust, almost without exception, leads to profit.
David Amerland, The Sniper Mind: Eliminate Fear, Deal with Uncertainty, and Make Better Decisions|The moment you establish a line of communication between two points, you subtly change both. That is also true for the way the brain is affected by the mind.
Philip K. Dick, A Scanner Darkly|Being passionately curious about things give us the desire to want to learn, to explore and to seek opportunities to set goals and accomplish great things. It allows us to dream.
Paulo Coelho|I've always believed in savoring the moments. In the end, they are the only things we'll have.
Dick Cheney|If you're picking your best friend based on what kind of clothes she wears or how popular she is, chances are you aren't going to stay in touch after graduation.
Aidan Chambers, Postcards from No Man's Land|She was considered timid and morose. Only in the country, her skin tanned by the sun and her belly full of ripe fruit, running through the fields with Pedro Tercero, was she smiling and happy. Her mother said that that was the real Blanca, and that the other one, the one back in the city, was a Blanca in hibernation.
Douglas Coupland|One of the biggest challenges we have, folks, is making liberty and freedom cool.
William Faulkner, Go Down, Moses|It suddenly occurred to him that for the first time in years, they were about to be alone together for more than five minutes.	Just the two of them. On a small jet. Tens of thousands of feet in the air.	Christ.	Maybe he should've packed a parachute, just in case.
M.F. Moonzajer, The Journalist: Attack on the Central Intelligence Agency|You can be good at many things, but you can only be great at one thing, until you find that thing, you are an average loser.
Mark Driscoll|Be ruthless in one important area: Yourself. Be ruthless about your commitment to Christ. Be ruthless about your intellectual growth. Be ruthless about finishing well. One of the biggest areas we should be ruthless about is our time. How much time do you spend complaining about your problems to people who can't help you solve them? How much time do you talk when you should be doing? When it comes to others, be gracious. But when it comes to you and your time, be ruthless.
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|It's too late,' she says.And I say 'It's never too late.
K.J. Masters|Don't argue with the person who puts his knowledge above everyone's else's; you'll always lose in that respect. But, in reality, he is the loser because he has put himself in a position where he can longer learn and therefore he can no longer grow and prosper! Be humble and open to always being a student, and you will continue to grow wise throughout your days!
Zeeshan Raza, U Turn Your Life: 5 Simple Steps to Achieve Success – Starting Now!|If the human race wishes to have a prolonged and indefinite period of material prosperity, they have only got to behave in a peaceful and helpful way toward one another.
Joe Scarborough|We are Americans when we go to war, and when we return, we are Mexicans.
|The only person that you should live your life competing against, is nobody else but your old self.
Stephen King|The 3 types of terror: The Gross-out: the sight of a severed head tumbling down a flight of stairs, it's when the lights go out and something green and slimy splatters against your arm. The Horror: the unnatural, spiders the size of bears, the dead waking up and walking around, it's when the lights go out and something with claws grabs you by the arm. And the last and worse one: Terror, when you come home and notice everything you own had been taken away and replaced by an exact substitute. It's when the lights go out and you feel something behind you, you hear it, you feel its breath against your ear, but when you turn around, there's nothing there...
Michelle   Cooper, A Brief History of Montmaray|There’s a fine line between gossip and history, when one is talking about kings.
Criss Jami|When you meet someone, and you find that they are prejudiced against your kind, it might be your chance, not to confirm, but to be the one to finally change their mind.
William Sheakspeare|CONGRATULATIONS DL Havlin! Your entry, "There are No Lights in Naples", an unpublished short fiction - flash fiction genre category, is a finalist for the 2016 Royal Palm Literary Awards competition!
Eric Jerome Dickey, Dying for Revenge|If you look beyond the lies, then you will see the truth.Remember: Just because it's black and white, doesn't automatically make it a zebra.
David Rakoff, Half Empty|My job as a poet, is not to succumb to despair but to find in words, an antidote for the emptiness of existence.
Soar, Yours, poetically: Special Deluxe Edition of Selected Poems and Quotes|When flying dreams hit the soil of reality, all that remains are the imprints of experience.
Amanda Hocking, Elegy|You’re cute when you're mad." He caressed my bottom lip with the pad of his thumb. I huffed in exasperation. "Is that why you make me mad all the time?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You ought to forgive others. Sometimes, the dark deed of others is due to inner struggles and fears. With your shining light and kind deeds, you will help them to turn to the light.
Brett Tate|The Brit's face shares a heritage with a junkyard butt-sniffing mutt. It's a hard-earned moonshine mug, dotted with a hairy mole that looks like a rat's been gnawing on it. His beard looks like a white sneeze. The teeth are jagged and out of alignment, having opened quarts at Jiffy Quick Lube for half a decade.
Sergio Mattarella|It was through the private world of family that the public world of politics came alive for me: living in intimate proximity with people for whom larger questions of ideology and belief, as well as issues relating to politics and governance, were vivid daily realities.
Sanaya Roman, Living with Joy: Keys to Personal Power and Spiritual Transformation|So much of life, it seems to me, is the framing and naming of things. I had been so busy creating a future of love that I never identified the life I was living as the life of love, because up until then I had never felt entitled enough or free enough or, honestly, brave enough to embrace my own narrative. Ironically, I had gone ahead and created the life I secretly must have wanted, but it had to be covert and off the record. Chemo was burning away the wrapper and suddenly I was in my version of life. Thus began the ecstasy - the joy, the pure joy of a spiritual pirate who finds the secret treasure.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness|But it doesn't take a thousand men to open a door, my lord.""It might to keep it open.
Fia Black, The Missing Orchid|And yeah, I had to go to therapy to get over my childhood issues and work through my shit but you know what I found when I was done? I still liked having my ass smacked, my hair pulled and being told to get on my knees like a good little girl because that’s my fucking right as a woman. And screw anyone that has a problem with it."-Beth Anderson, The Missing Orchid
Ida Løkås, Det fine som flyter forbi|The church grew very lonely about him, and he began to feel like a child whose mother has forsaken it. Only he knew that to be left alone is not always to be forsaken.
Matthew Quick, The Silver Linings Playbook|Pat, it's not sexual – it's modern dance.
David Hilbert|Those among them that have not received our religion do not fright any from it, and use none ill that goes over to it, so that all the while I was there one man was only punished on this occasion.
Susanna Kaysen|Recovered. Had my personality crossed over that border, whatever and wherever it was, to resume life within the confines of normal? Had I stopped arguing with my personality and learned to straddle the line between sane and insane?
Mark Twain|It's lovely to live on a raft. We had the sky up there, all speckled with stars, and we used to lay on our backs and look up at them, and discuss about whether they was made or only just happened.
Richard Brinsley Sheridan, The Critic|SNEER. But, what the deuce, is the confidante to be mad too?PUFF. To be sure she is. The confidante is always to do whatever her mistress does- weep when she weeps, smile when she smiles, go mad when she goes mad.-Now, Madam Confidante! But keep your madness in the background, if you please.
Jennifer Froelich|why do people pour water on concrete expecting something to grow from it" AP
Kgosietsile Martin Timothy|I AM A FATHERLESS FATHER FOR MINE IS GONE,HIS DEATH A MYSTERY, HE IS HISTORY, AND THAT IS WHY I LOOK ONLY UPON YOU FOR YOUR JUST GUIDANCE MY FAITHFUL GOD.
Mark Twain|I am an old man and have known a great many troubles, but most of them have never happened.
Piper Payne, Breathing Black|If love were human I would’ve set them on fire by now — a screaming blaze of smoke and flesh. I’d breathe in the blackness once more just to feel love’s destruction, its mortality filling in the hollow of my ribcage without a heart.
Kelly Batten, One Day You'll Find Me|A man who learns complicated things from animals is a clever man, but an animal who learns complicated things from men is a genius animal!
Kamand Kojouri|Do the lovers know that when they whisper these poems they are commemorating our love?Do they ever think of you and meor only of themselves?Do they know that I once found a strand of your hairand wore it around my necklike a necklace?That I kiss your handsmore than I kiss your lips?Do they realise that our love and their love are drops in the universe’s ocean of loveand that without any of these drops, the ocean would be less?
Mark Hemingway|Well, Jack, we have taken the Macedonian, and your share of the prize, if we get her in safely, may be two hundred dollars; what will you do with it?” Stephen Decatur, commanding the frigate United States, North Atlantic, near the Azores Islands, 1812.“One hundred will go to my mother, sir, and the other I shall spend on schooling.” Jack Creamer, aged ten.
Maurys Gaucho|In the long run, We Realize that life without one gender,would end up boring
Colm Tóibín|For the first time in years, she felt the deep sadness of exile, knowing that she was alone here, an outsider, and too alert to the ironies, the niceties, the manners, and indeed, the morals to be able to participate.
Nicolas Chamfort, Maximes et pensées : Caractères et anecdotes|You think because you face situations not of your making that you exercise no choice? That you are helpless? To the contrary, child. Your whole life has been full of choices. Hiding from a hard truth is a choice. Surrender - even to the inevitable - is a choice. Even in death there is a choice. You may have no control over the time or manner of your death, but you can choose how you face it.
Weike Wang|They didn't really have a childhood. Just them and Mom and then her liver went and she died and it was just them. Except they never learned to be grown-ups. And they never learned to be just kids, either. Stuck in never-never land. Kinda sad.
Andy Paine, Bad Business|It was a sweet smile, but it hid menace, like the kind dentists gave.
Chris Cornell|I suppose a good director is like a teacher. I think that someone like David Cronenberg was very much like a teacher, because there's an openness, but a certain set of rules of behavior, and a certain conduct expected. But there's an atmosphere that's relaxed and conducive to exploration, and that is created by someone like Cronenberg.
Natasha Pulley, The Watchmaker of Filigree Street|We encounter regression to the mean almost every day of our lives. We should try to anticipate it, recognize it, and not be fooled by it.
Syed Sharukh|Shut the fuck up and mind your own business, Bren.” Before Furi could put up any kind of guard, Brenden had his hands around his throat and shoved him until his back slammed into the stainless steel refrigerator.“You think you can talk to me that way, you little shit?” Brenden snarled, spittle flying from his mouth. His hands twisting and burning the skin around Furi’s neck.“Get off me,” Furi gasped, trying unsuccessfully to pry the thick fingers off. His husband and brother-in-law had both been linebackers in college. Neither minded using their brawn and strength on him, and often.Brenden brought his knee up fast, kneeing him so hard in the groin Furi thought death would be better than the pain. Brenden stepped back and let Furi drop to the hard granite floor, slapping him hard in the back of the head before strolling off as if he owned the world. Furi couldn’t hear what the hell his husband was saying because his ears were ringing and his eyes were so filled with tears he thought best to just keep them shut.“Patrick,” Furi groaned, clutching at his balls, knowing nothing would stop the throbbing.“Don’t talk like a big boy if you don’t have the balls to back it up, darlin,” his husband said nonchalantly.
Val Uchendu|Time; a concept,elusive,timeless and unmanageable. Make your dreams, work and passion highest priority and each will find a place in TIME
Jim Woodring|Blockchain technology isn't just a more efficient way to settle securities. It will fundamentally change market structures, and maybe even the architecture of the Internet itself.
Ambrose Bierce, An Inhabitant of Carcosa|After all, Malthus was wrong. Marx was wrong. Democracy did not die during the Great Depression as the Communists predicted. And Khrushchev did not 'bury' us. We buried him. Neville Chute's On the Beach proved as fanciful as Dr. Strangelove and Seven Days in May. Paul Ehrlich's Population Bomb never exploded. It fizzled. The Clash of 79 produced Ronald Reagan and an era of good feelings. The Club of Rome notwithstanding, we did not run out of oil. The world did not end at the close of the second millennium, as some prophesied and others hoped. Who predicted the disappearance of the Soviet Empire? Is it not possible that today's most populous nations -China, India, and Indonesia- could break into pieces as well? Why do predictions of the Death of the West not belong on the same shelf as the predictions of 'nuclear winter' and 'global warming'? Answer: the Death of the West is not a prediction of what is going to happen, it is a depiction of what is happening now. First World nations are dying.
John Crowley, Little, Big|Learning to decipher words had only added to the pleasures of holding spines and turning pages, measuring the journey to the end with a thumb-riffle, poring over frontispieces. Books! Opening with a crackle of old glue, releasing perfume; closing with a solid thump.
Hubert Martin|He sang softly, less with words and more with thought. She cradled his head, stitching together his fragmented heart.
Julie Kagawa, The Iron Knight|Suddenly, I was just sure he was going to kiss me. He was there, I could feel his breath, the ground solid beneath us. But then something crossed his face, a thought, a hesitation, and he shifted slightly. Not now. Not yet. It was something I'd done so often - weighing what I could afford to risk, right at that moment - that I recognized it instantly. It was like looking in a mirror.
Robert G. Ingersoll, Some Mistakes of Moses|The telescope destroyed the firmament, did away with the heaven of the New Testament, rendered the ascension of our Lord and the assumption of his Mother infinitely absurd, crumbled to chaos the gates and palaces of the New Jerusalem, and in their places gave to man a wilderness of worlds.
Gina Greenlee, Belly Up: Surviving and Thriving Beyond a Cruise Gone Bad|Because travel was an area of my life where I felt most vital, I wanted to continue to invest in that, too. I had quit a full time job, drained my retirement account to invest in a long-held dream, and used the realization of that dream to enter a void with no guarantees. I didn’t want financial struggle to be the sole outgrowth of the risks I had taken. More than money, I had put my belief systems on the line.
Susan Wingate, The Deer Effect|~Posters with torn edges hanging from rotten walls~ The doctor told me something onceshe saidSTOP DRINKINGI slapped her across the face with thisNOI walked right out of that officewent right down to the holeI told the bartenderWHISKEY, MOTHERFUCKERhe poured and he pouredand I slapped my money down on that barthe man I had been driving around withhe just sort of sat there next to this hookershe probably had something rottenway down there between her legsher eyes told of no soulI emptied the bottle down my throatand ordered some chipsthe bartender told meTHEY'RE STALEand I give him a I DON'T FUCKIN' CARE,GIVE ME SOMETHIN'He slid me a ham sandwich dripping with cheap low-fat mayo and saidENJOYI went back to my roomand talked all nightso much conversationit turned the toilet bowl pale
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The most important thing in life it to be true to ourselves, to never give up attempting to become the very finest version of what we wish to be, no matter how arduous that proves to be.
Edward Albee, The Goat, or Who is Sylvia?|If you live a long life and get to the end of it without ever once having felt crushingly depressed, then you probably haven’t been paying attention.
Donna Lynn Hope|It paid barely a living wage, but he stayed with it—gradually and in the end gratefully arriving at the point in life when you understand there are no great changes ahead.
Elizabeth Bear, Ad Eternum|You know, Professor, this stray kitten and you have one very important thing in common.''I can't imagine,' responded the professor coolly.'Your life is the most important thing in the world to you,' said His Holiness. 'Same for this kitten.
Abdullah Reslan Lawyer|…it is the public sector I find more interesting, because governments and other non-market institutions have long suffered from the innovation malaise of top-heavy bureaucracies. Today, these institutions have an opportunity to fundamentally alter the way they cultivate and promote good ideas. The more the government thinks of itself as an open platform instead of a centralized bureaucracy, the better it will be for all of us, citizens and activists, and entrepreneurs alike.
Wyatt Michael, Revenge of the Wolf|At the witching hour, the city was totally silent. Only the wind of portent blew through the gathered council of whispering brick chimneys on the rooftops, delivering the hand that would write upon the wall.
Colleen Ferrary Bader|I have spent my entire lifetime trying to figure out how to connect work and passion. When I finally figured it out, life became so much more beautiful!
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Emotion is always multiplied in the art of a person who doesn't really show much emotion. It once expanded deep within his hidden soul, and following the downplay his audience is blown away.
Sheri S. Tepper, Wizard's Eleven|He told us that nations of men fell into disorder, so nations of law were set up instead. He told us that nations of law then forgot justice and let the law become a Game, a Game in which the moves and the winning were more important than truth. He told us to seek justice rather than the Game.
Dan Simmons, The Fifth Heart|I take my favorite and most promising lads to the theater,” said [Sherlock] Holmes. “I'd say that if they were born into better circumstances many would have grown up to be MP’s, but in truth most are too smart and too honest for Parliament.
Amber Rose|The biggest luxury is a job in which I get to live in New York, travel the world, and work with so many incredible people.
Cora Carmack, Losing It|He wore his hope like a winter coat, layered over the top of all of him.
Debasish Mridha|If you are present, then you can see that you give yourself presents in each moment that you can unwrap and thoroughly enjoy - the amazing world around us that we can explore, each incredible detail, the lives, and the stories we tell ourselves or experience so that we can feel what it's like to be human, the things we can learn from an interaction, about ourselves as well as everything and everyone else.Everyone is here in their own story, writing the script as they go, living the movie picture.... choosing who to meet, what to do, how to react to each new experience. We each find our own tools to help us traverse the terrain of each particular part of our journeys. It cannot be right to judge another, or yourself, for we are all at different stages, or on different stages. We do as we need to according to where and how we find ourselves, but the more you realise that you actually put yourself exactly where you are in each moment, the more your eyes will widen. You are an amazing Being playing the game of life - your attitude makes all the difference.
John Updike|Young people, you need the wisdom of age, just as some of us older ones need your enthusiasm for life.
Lucy Knisley, An Age of License: A Travelogue|All our ancestors were murdered, murderers, complicit to murder, or combating murder.
Anna Bell, Don't Tell the Groom|I kept my expectations low, which is one of the secrets of life.
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls: Life Lessons from Solo Moments on the Road|The study book for life’s tests is the whole of our experience. Though we mayfeel unprepared, tests appear only when we are truly ready to ace them.
Huỳnh Phú Sổ|It is better to pray with a pure heart before the family altar than to perform gaudy ceremonies in a pagoda, clad in the robes of an unworthy bonze.
Thomas Hoby, The Book of the Courtier|I may tell you it is not a small token that a woman loveth when she giveth unto her lover her beauty, which is so precious a matter; and by the ways that be a passage to the soul (that is to say, the sight and the hearing) sendeth the looks of her eyes, the image of her countenance, and the voice of her words, that pierce into the lover's heart and give a witness of her love.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Learn to be friendly and learn to welcome all people, but note however in doing so that it is not every hand that is stretched towards you that deserves your handshake!
Phillip Andrew Bennett Low, Indecision Now! A Libertarian Rage|When the Russian delegate this summer indicated the Soviet Union's interest in sending medical equipment, Dr Shigeto went right away to see the delegate and settle the matter tactfully. He is careful to steer clear of the superficial swirl of political maneuvering, but never misses any opportunity to improve the capability of the A-bomb Hospital or to enhance concretely the welfare of the patients. In that sense, he sometimes refers to himself as a 'dirty handkerchief.' That is, he serves to filter political purposes out of relief efforts so that the effect on patients is purely and concretely humane.
Barbara Kyle, The Queen's Gamble|I realize that I can laugh, that it is possible to be happy, that laughter and hope can come back to me.
Scarlett Scott, She Likes Him Bad|Housework, if you do it right, will kill you. - Erma Bombeck
Molly Peacock|...prose unfolds in time; and time contains both obstacles and revelations. Prose develops, the way characters and situations do. It requires a flow. A poem is an instant, lightning across the sky. Prose is before the storm, the storm, after the storm.
Peter Sinn Nachtrieb, boom|I hadn't known Chancel very well, but ten days earlier I had seen him laughing with the others around the Christmas tree. Maybe Robert was right; the distance between the living and the dead really isn't very great. And yet, like myself, those future corpses who were drinking their coffee in silence appeared ashamed to be so alive.
George L. Jackson|Right now, we are in a peak cycle. There’s tremendous energy out there, directed against the state. It’s not all focused, but it’s there, and it’s building. Maybe this will be sufficient to accomplish what we must accomplish over the fairly short run. We’ll see, and we can certainly hope that this is the case. But perhaps not. We must be prepared to wage a long struggle. If this is the case then we’ll probably see a different cycle, one in which the revolutionary energy of the people seems to have dispersed, run out of steam. But – and this is important- such cycles are deceptive. Things appear to be at low ebb, but actually what’s happening is a period of regroupment, a period in which we step back and learn from the mistakes made during the preceding cycle.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Fate’ and ‘coincidence’ are the mythological derivatives authored by those who refuse to see a ‘greater purpose’, because such a conclusion would naturally suggest a ‘Greater Being’.
Vladimir Nabokov|The pages are still blank, but there is a miraculous feeling of the words being there, written in invisible ink and clamoring to become visible
Bill Moyers|It was not man who implanted in himself what is infinite and the love of what is immortal: those lofty instincts are not the offspring of his capricious will; their steadfast foundation is fixed in human nature, and they exist in spite of his efforts. He may cross and distort them – destroy them he cannot. The soul wants which must be satisfied; and whatever pains be taken to divert it from itself, it soon grows weary, restless, and disquieted amidst the enjoyments of sense.
Manasa Rao|One wonderful lesson I’ve learnt is that the life will never become perfect whatever you may do. As we have always been told, nothing is perfect anyway. But I wonder, if it did, then there will be no more need to live further. Having mastered all the lessons of the fifth class, why be in it any more? So, this life is actually not planned to satisfy and it does not satisfy. If it did, then there will be no progress and nothing more to live for. Life is planned to allure first and dissatisfy at last. Allure, so that we may enter into with zest and hope; and dissatisfy, so that we may not like to settle in it forever, but seek other higher forms of life. So, troubles keep us from falling, they keep us from being blown away, they are counter weights in life to keep balance.Troubles are like soap and water, without you don’t keep pure and fresh. The baby dislikes soap and water-bath, resists and kicks, and so we do with troubles. Like a tonic, they provoke thoughts, provoke actions and promote further growth. So, life in a way teaches us that the will of destiny is not that we should be free from troubles and sorrows, but be clean, fresh, active and ever growing.
Howard Stern|A lot of stand-up comedy guys, when they get a little famous, just give up their stand-up career, and it cancels out the thing that set them apart.
Ramana Maharshi|Eventually, all that one has learnt will have to be forgotten.
Fernando Torres|I may not have gone to high school every day, but I spent whole a lot of my adolescence feeling vulnerable and confused and alone... just like everybody else.
Vincent van Gogh|It is good to love many things, for therein lies the true strength, and whosoever loves much performs much, and can accomplish much, and what is done in love is well done.
Phoebe Stone, Romeo Blue|What is it, Master Calligrapher, that little girls do in the way that spiders weave?" sleeve asked primly.The Calligrapher coughed, for his room was very dusty, and there was dust even on his eyelashes, and said: "It is right and proper," he said, "for a girl to read as many books as there are bricks in this city, and then, when she is finished, to begin to write new ones which are made out of the old ones, as this city is made of those stones.
Tae Yun Kim, Seven Steps to Inner Power|When you recognize or experience the truth about yourself you automatically feel love, because love is a quality of your true consciousness and true ideas.
Megan McKenna, The New Stations of the Cross: The Way of the Cross According to Scripture|Who are we aligning ourselves with? Are we aligning ourselves with the presence of God as it is abused, broken, bleeding, and mocked and scorned even now in this world? Do we take that one step down, risking insecurity, violence, guilt by association, to stand beside those who are both victim and accused, and public sinner – criminal and despised in society?
John Hawkins|Smile, tip your traditional hat, and enjoy your time by the water.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Religion, Philosophy and life|Some people think life is all about suffering, and suffering means living life. So many people live their lives accepting suffering as a way of life and they end up living their lives in perpetual self-inflicted pain without seeing a need to awake to take steps to their latent joy! If you are not feeling happy, wake up! There is a reason to be happy and there is a reason for action. There is something solemn, noble and distinctive that can make you happy! Awake! It is never the wish of God that His creation lives in indentured servitude! Pray!
Aisha Mirza|Thoughtful minds grow, from the sharpened awareness of those who have lived life; through love, curiosity and tragedy.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|From the Balance sheet of humanity, to the Profit & Loss account of emotions, I am all in good books. I am a Chartered Accountant.
Joy DeGruy, Post Traumatic Slave Syndrome: America's Legacy of Enduring Injury and Healing|On Slavery: The saddest slap in the face is we have NO monument, no real statues or memorials, no special day of Atonement or Remembrance (NOT ONE), no thanks for 400+ years of free labor, forced servitude across the Trans-Atlantic, ass beatings, buying ourselves and families out of slavery, rape and plunder...but everyone else has monuments, special museums, and even movies. This is what America thinks of black people, so-called black president and all, who has been largely silent on this subject...we'll even celebrate Leprechauns, Easter Bunnies, and Secretary's Day before we acknowledge our history.
Charles Fishman, The Wal-Mart Effect: How the World's Most Powerful Company Really Works - and How It's Transforming the American Economy|How many companies can say that the amount of customers who use their services second most often, and spend the second most amount of money with them, are “very negative”?
Galit Breen, Kindness Wins|Checking in on what our kids are doing online isn't helicoptering, it's parenting.
VDEXTERS|The true ENTREPRENEUR is a risk taker, not an excuse maker.
Steve Maraboli|Stop using, "easier said than done", as an excuse to not change! Bringing your life to a higher level is challenging; get over it and rise to the challenge!
Nien Cheng, Life and Death in Shanghai|For so many years, the official propaganda machinery had denounced humanitarianism as sentimental trash and advocated human relations based entirely on class allegiance. But my personal experience had shown me that most of the Chinese people remained kind, sensitive, and compassionate even though the cruel reality of the system under which they had to live compelled them to lie and pretend. Pg. 409
Jim Butcher, Fool Moon|Magic comes from the heart, from your feelings, your deepest expressions of desire. That's why black magic is so easy—it comes from lust, from fear and anger, from things that are easy to feed and make grow. The sort I do is harder. It comes from something deeper than that, a truer and purer source—harder to tap, harder to keep, but ultimately more elegant, more powerful. My magic. That was at the heart of me. It was a manifestation of what I believed, what I lived. It came from my desire to see to it that someone stood between the darkness and the people it would devour. It came from my love of a good steak, from the way I would sometimes cry at a good movie or a moving symphony. From my life. From the hope that I could make things better for someone else, if not always for me. Somewhere, in all of that, I touched on something that wasn't tapped out, in spite of how horrible the past days had been, something that hadn't gone cold and numb inside of me. I grasped it, held it in my hand like a firefly, and willed its energy out, into the circle I had created with the spinning amulet on the end of its chain.
Abraham Lincoln|As heirs to a legacy more than two centuries old, it is understandable why present-day Americans would take their own democracy for granted. A president freely chosen from a wide-open field of two men every four years; a Congress with a 99% incumbency rate; a Supreme Court comprised of nine politically appointed judges whose only oversight is the icy scythe of Death -- all these reveal a system fully capable of maintaining itself. But our perfect democracy, which neither needs nor particularly wants voters, is a rarity. It is important to remember there still exist other forms of government in the world today, and that dozens of foreign countries still long for a democracy such as ours to be imposed on them.
Arthur Miller, The Ride Down Mt. Morgan|When I was suddenly thrust into what everyone calls menopause (Orchids) earlier than my body planned, I decided someone needed to take charge on so many levels. It was time to not only change the vernacular, but to speak up and say "Hey! This isn't an old lady's disease! We aren't old! We are strong and dammit, we are beautiful and sexy too!
Kristen Schaal|Cyndi Lauper's 'Time After Time' was a perfect song. It was so beautiful and so heartfelt. Her vocals were so amazing. And, for me, that was a song I went to when I was feeling sad and wanted to feel even sadder.
Justin S. Holcomb & Lindsey A. Holcomb|A good short definition of grace is "one-way love.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When your life is stormy, take a refuge to a port: To music or to literature, in short, to art, to any kind of art!
Maurice Sendak, Chicken Soup With Rice: A Book of Months|Each month is gay,Each season nice,When eatingChicken soupWith rice
Richard Paul Evans|It is in the dark times that the light of friendship shines brightest. (The Walk - Chapter 19, Page 122
Stephen Richards, NAPS: Discover The Power Of Night Audio Programs|It’s rather like the economic crash some years ago, many were impacted by it and their vibrational output slowed right down. They believed in the crash so were vacuumed in to it!
William Shakespeare, Shakespeare's Sonnets|When I do count the clock that tells the time,And see the brave day sunk in hideous night;When I behold the violet past prime,And sable curls all silver'd o'er with white;When lofty trees I see barren of leavesWhich erst from heat did canopy the herd,And summer's green all girded up in sheavesBorne on the bier with white and bristly beard,Then of thy beauty do I question make,That thou among the wastes of time must go,Since sweets and beauties do themselves forsakeAnd die as fast as they see others grow;And nothing 'gainst Time's scythe can make defenceSave breed, to brave him when he takes thee hence.
Joseph Henry|Modern civilization depends on science … James Smithson was well aware that knowledge should not be viewed as existing in isolated parts, but as a whole, each portion of which throws light on all the other, and that the tendency of all is to improve the human mind, and give it new sources of power and enjoyment … narrow minds think nothing of importance but their own favorite pursuit, but liberal views exclude no branch of science or literature, for they all contribute to sweeten, to adorn, and to embellish life … science is the pursuit above all which impresses us with the capacity of man for intellectual and moral progress and awakens the human intellect to aspiration for a higher condition of humanity.[Joseph Henry was the first Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, named after its benefactor, James Smithson.]
Nora Roberts, The Villa|We've got this heat going on, that's all. If it's all the same to you, I'd rather not go into that end ofthings.""Oh, it's all the same to me. You're both adults and you got two working brains between you. Bothof you were raised right, so what you do is your own business. Next time, though, lock the damn doorfirst.
William Hutchison Murray|Until one is committed, there is hesitancy, the chance to draw back, always ineffectiveness. Concerning all acts of initiative (and creation), there is one elementary truth, the ignorance of which kills countless ideas and splendid plans: that the moment one definitely commits oneself, then Providence moves too. All sorts of things occur to help one that would never otherwise have occurred. A whole stream of events issues from the decision, raising in one's favour all manner of unforeseen incidents and meetings and material assistance, which no man could have dreamt would have come his way. I have learned a deep respect for one of Goethe's couplets:Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it.Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it!
Malti Bhojwani|Simple things, simple pleasures, cutting and splitting wood, a love of the country they wanted to see more of, memories of softball fields and a girl named Amanda. There are such women as Theresa "Sam" Fitzgerald who love their men. Are content with their lives together.
Laura Kasischke, White Bird in a Blizzard|Pent up anger brews into hate, which subsequently becomes a juicy revenge.
Rebecca Murphy|Live life fully in the present & enjoy the small things in life that give you joy, for the seemingly small & insignificant moments add up to a greater whole.
Salman Rushdie, The Enchantress of Florence|...that witchcraft requires no potions, familiar spirits, or magic wands. Language upon a silver tongue affords enchantment enough.
Roman Payne|I'm a girl."When Deryn opened her eyes, the lady boffin was staring at her with no change of expression. "Indeed," she
Arthur C. Clarke|When I came to Los Angeles, it was the first time that I ever felt like I belong somewhere. Not because it was wacky, but because people here understood what I felt like to perform, and there were other kids my age who wanted to do it. I didn't get looked at as God, you freak.
Doris Lessing, On Cats|Cat: a pygmy lion who loves mice, hates dogs, and patronizes human beings.
Graham Elliot|Let's face it: my life tends to revolve around food, and I love feeding people.
L.A. Gilbert, The Ghost on My Couch|I think I kind of like the idea of you all cold and wet.""Oh right, I'll be at my best; no visible balls, and a dick that looks like a Chiclet...""I can fix that," laughed Connor.
Dalai Lama XIV, The Art of Happiness|If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion.
Lundy Bancroft, Why Does He Do That?: Inside the Minds of Angry and Controlling Men|Arguments cannot be answered by personal abuse; there is no logic in slander, and falsehood, in the long run, defeats itself.
Sarah Moore Fitzgerald, The Apple Tart of Hope|I know what you might be thinking here on your own, but those thoughts won’t last for ever,’ I said. ‘You won’t always feel like this. This will pass. Homer will be here for you, and the sun will rise and you’ll find your reasons again. The ones you think have deserted you. Isn’t that right, Meg?
Tyson Fury|As an overruling providence may succeed our wishes, let us rear an offspring in every respect worthy to fill the most illustrious stations of their predecessors.
Halsey|We are just so thankful that Christ does not measure us by what we do. God is not measuring us by that, He is measuring us by our faith in Christ.
Ernest Istook|Every day of my life I walk with the idea that I am black, no matter how successful I am. And our success is tempered by that; you're successful in this way given the fact you are black, and most blacks don't get to that point.
Nina George, The Little Paris Bookshop|We are loved if we love, another truth we always seem to forget. ...Loving requires so much courage and so little expectation.
Amy Grant|The best executive is one who has sense enough to pick good people to do what he wants done, and self-restraint enough to keep from meddling with them while they do it.
Steve Erickson|It's all these young country bucks doing Skynyrd songs, which is pretty cool to us.
Dan Quayle|The essential conditions of everything you do must be choice, love, passion.
Kathleen Tessaro, The Perfume Collector|Not even a cat was out. The rain surged down with a steady drone. It meant to harm New York and everyone there. The gutters could not contain it. Long ago they had despaired of the job and surrendered. But the rain paid no attention to them… New York people never lived in houses or even in burrows. They inhabited cells in stone cliffs. They timed the cooking of their eggs by the nearest traffic light. If the light went wrong, so did the eggs…
Mohith Agadi|Making hard decisions in life to accomplish the dreams, It requires a gut from within.
Stephen Lawhead|Most High God, let your servant see but a little ahead. Or, if not give me the hope that drives out fear
L.R.W. Lee|Just remember, everything should be EXACTLY as it is. Not better, not worse." - L. R. W. Lee
Brian Francis Slattery, Lost Everything|These cords that God makes, Reverend Bauxite thought, we stand holding one end while they run taut into the darkness.
Ged Thompson Liverpool Poet|Wisdom of the Ages: "Humility" If you don't have it, you're gonna get it.
Nikhil Sharda|A picture in a book, a lynching. The bland faces of men who watcha Christ go up in flames, smiling,as if he were a hookedfish, a felled antelope, some wild thing tied to boards and burned.His charred bodygives off light--a haloburns out of him. His face is scorched featureless; the hair matted to the scalp like feathers. One man stands with his hand on his hip,another with his armslung over the shoulder of a friend,as if this moment were large enoughto hold affection.
Amanda  Carlson, Pure Blooded|Jesus, Jess, it would be nice if you stayed out of life-and-death scenarios for five minutes.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|A boy trudged down the sidewalk dragging a fishing pole behind him. A man stood waiting with his hands on his hips. Summertime, and his children played in the front yard with their friend, enacting a strange little drama of their own invention. It was fall, and his children fought on the sidewalk in front of Mrs. Dubose's. . . . Fall, and his children trotted to and fro around the corner, the day's woes and triumphs on their faces. They stopped at an oak tree, delighted, puzzled, apprehensive. Winter, and his children shivered at the front gate, silhouetted against a blazing house. Winter, and a man walked into the street, dropped his glasses, and shot a dog. Summer, and he watched his children's heart break. Autumn again, and Boo's children needed him. Atticus was right. One time he said you never really know a man until you stand in his shoes and walk around in them. Just standing on the Radley porch was enough.
Lee Spetner|There is another kind of variation that does not involve the genome at all, and is therefore not heritable. Yet it can produce what looks like evolution. Indeed, the results look so much like evolution that for all we know some of the best examples of evolution may be due to this nonheritable kind of variation. [It] has been observed, is well known, and is well documented.
Brittainy C. Cherry, The Silent Waters|All this time I thought you were reading to escape the world, but now I know, you didn’t read to escape it; you read to discover it.
J.R. Ward, Dark Lover|I am tired of being used, hurt, and cast aside. It is my turn to use. My turn to hurt.
Joe Hill, 20th Century Ghosts|Gestures are all that I have; sometimes they must be grand in nature. And while I occasionally step over the line and into the world of the melodramatic, it is what I must do in order to communicate clearly and effectively. In order to make my point understood without question.
Dick King-Smith|And how will you afford to buy them in the first place?""I shall save up.""But that will take you years and years and years," said the twins."I've got years and years and years," said Sophie.
Marty Rubin|Whether they loved each other or not, they were lovers. And he was damned if he'd see her sucked into this brutal business.
Kevin Pietersen|We all have Tumblr, and we all have Instagram and everything. People care so much about it because, now, any random can be famous on the Internet if their world looks good on Tumblr. And so everyone at high school strives for this kind of aesthetic correctness.
Jackson Lanzing, Joyride Vol. 2|Nothing is off-limits to me, tiny human. You think the desire in your heart is buried, but I couldn't ignore it if I tried! It means this: you want me to peace out? Shut it all down? Fine! I'll go! But you'll never get your next wish. Your secret wish. [. .] A mother's love. A father you know. A world at peace. A sky of stars. This could be yours . . . or you could lose it forever. And I can go. Doesn't matter to me, you finite speck.
Toni Morrison|Anger ... it's a paralyzing emotion ... you can't get anything done. People sort of think it's an interesting, passionate, and igniting feeling — I don't think it's any of that — it's helpless ... it's absence of control — and I need all of my skills, all of the control, all of my powers ... and anger doesn't provide any of that — I have no use for it whatsoever."[Interview with CBS radio host Don Swaim, September 15, 1987.]
