Emily Roberson|Unfeeling thing that I was, the sensibilities of the maternal heart were Greek and Hebrew to me.
Prerna Kumar|Chasing your dreams is like running a race in the dark, you may quit disheartened, not knowing you were one step away from the finish line.
Susie Clevenger, Dirt Road Dreams|If there is no adventure in your life, it is as if you live no life! Adventure is the real soul of man; without it, He is a stub!
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|When I have a wrong attitude, I look at life humanly. When I have a right attitude, I look at life divinely.
Toni Morrison, Song of Solomon|We’re a different sort of thief here, Lamora. Deception and misdirection are our tools. We don’t believe in hard work when a false face and a good line of bullshit can do so much more.
T. Grassan, Ramblings of the Clinically Depressed: Images of Darkness Vol. II|What we have now, shall never be again. The poets of the past sit in amazement of the wanna-be's of an era long gone.
Pearl Zhu, Leadership Master: Five Digital Trends to Leap Leadership Maturity|Authenticity is the most fundamental, but challenging attribute for leadership.
Henry Moore|The creative habit is like a drug. The particular obsession changes, but the excitement, the thrill of your creation lasts.
Adele Kenny, A Lightness, a Thirst, or Nothing at All: Poems|Suddenly (like walking into a light you know) you discover this: the certainty that nothing is certain, the deep relief of your own incredible smallness." (From "Even If You Could Explain It Completely")
Coco J. Ginger|You break me the hardest, make me the strongest, and keep me the softest.
Santosh Kalwar|In relationships, there are no beginning and no end.
Rachel L. Demeter, The Frost of Springtime|Gideon could not imagine any other young unmarried woman of his acquaintance passing up the opportunity to snare, if not himself, then the Carradice fortune. In any case, the number of women who’d rejected him in any way was gratifyingly small. Yet Miss Prudence Merridew had most unmistakably rejected him. Several times. Wielding that damned lethal reticule like a little Amazon, to emphasize her point.
bell hooks, Communion: The Female Search for Love|Most feminist groups began with women talking about how we saw ourselves and other women, how we acted. We openly confessed our fears and hatred of other women. We talked about how to combat jealousy, the politics of envy, and so on.
Idries Shah, Sufi Thought and Action|Sufis (the name for the realised individual, not the learner or follower) are reunited with objective Reality and Unity.
John Sentamu|It's really interesting with art-movies too, but art especially - to see how your attitude toward artists and works and your level of appreciation of them is always shifting and changing over the years.
Tony Hawk|Art, in itself, is an attempt to bring order out of chaos.
Dada Bhagwan|Do business with honesty irrespective of what happens, whatever happens thereafter is correct. But do not start any accounts (karma).
Billy Campbell|Every election matters. Anyone that tells you otherwise doesn't understand politics. That said, not every election sends sweeping messages that are easy to discern, but every election provides lessons worth learning.
Cody Edward Lee Miller|Myrtle Mae, you have a lot to learn, and I hope you never learn it.
Nouman Ali Khan|consider the implications. We think we know what we want, but we can never really know until we've got it. And sometimes when we have, we discover we never really wanted it in the first place - but then it's too late
H.G. Wells, The War of the Worlds|This isn't a war," said the artilleryman. "It never was a war, any more than there's war between man and ants.
Mary Roach, Stiff: The Curious Lives of Human Cadavers|Many people will find this book disrespectful. There is nothing amusing about being dead, they will say. Ah, but there is.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Lord of the Rings|Haldir had gone on and was now climbing to the high flet. As Frodo prepared to follow him, he laid his hand upon the tree beside the ladder: never before had he been so suddenly and so keenly aware of the feel and texture of a tree's skin and of the life within it. He felt a delight in wood and the touch of it, neither as forester nor as carpenter; it was the delight of the living tree itself.
Gary Rudz|Stop to appreciate the moments. Summed up, they are the bricks of our soul.
Benny Bellamacina, The King of Rhyme|In truth, Liesel was a prisoner too, just held by different kinds of bonds.
Lynn Nottage|'Jihad' can mean holy war to extremists, but it means struggle to the average Muslim.
Ray Bradbury, Something Wicked This Way Comes|Why the Egyptian, Arabic, Abyssinian, Choctaw? Well, what tongue does the wind talk? What nationality is a storm? What country do rains come from? What color is lightning? Where does thunder goe when it dies?
A.W. Tozer, The Attributes of God: Deeper into the Father's Heart|(I know, it's a poem but oh well).Why! who makes much of a miracle? As to me, I know of nothing else but miracles, Whether I walk the streets of Manhattan, Or dart my sight over the roofs of houses toward the sky, Or wade with naked feet along the beach, just in the edge of the water, Or stand under trees in the woods, Or talk by day with any one I love--or sleep in the bed at night with any one I love, Or sit at table at dinner with my mother, Or look at strangers opposite me riding in the car, Or watch honey-bees busy around the hive, of a summer forenoon, Or animals feeding in the fields, Or birds--or the wonderfulness of insects in the air, Or the wonderfulness of the sun-down--or of stars shining so quiet and bright, Or the exquisite, delicate, thin curve of the new moon in spring; Or whether I go among those I like best, and that like me best-- mechanics, boatmen, farmers, Or among the savans--or to the soiree--or to the opera, Or stand a long while looking at the movements of machinery, Or behold children at their sports, Or the admirable sight of the perfect old man, or the perfect old woman, Or the sick in hospitals, or the dead carried to burial, Or my own eyes and figure in the glass; These, with the rest, one and all, are to me miracles, The whole referring--yet each distinct, and in its place.To me, every hour of the light and dark is a miracle, Every cubic inch of space is a miracle, Every square yard of the surface of the earth is spread with the same, Every foot of the interior swarms with the same; Every spear of grass--the frames, limbs, organs, of men and women, and all that concerns them, All these to me are unspeakably perfect miracles.To me the sea is a continual miracle; The fishes that swim--the rocks--the motion of the waves--the ships, with men in them, What stranger miracles are there?
Kurt Cobain, Journals|It's my fault but the most violating thing I've felt this year is not the media exaggerations or the catchy gossip, but the rape of my personal thoughts.
Richard Dawkins|Evolution by natural selection is the explanation for why we exist. It is not something to guide our lives in our own society. If we were to be guided by the evolution principle, then we would be living in a kind of ultra-Thatcherite, Reaganite society.”“Study your Darwinism for two reasons,” he implored, “because it explains why you’re here, and the second reason is, study your Darwinism in order to learn what to avoid in setting up society. What we need is a truly anti-Darwinian society. Anti-Darwinian in the sense that we don’t wish to live in a society where the weakest go to the wall, where the strongest suppress the weak, and even kill the weak. We — I, at least — do not wish to live in that kind of society. I want to live in the sort of society where we take care of the sick, where we take care of the weak, take care of the oppressed, which is a very anti-Darwinian society.
Stephen Crane, The Portable Stephen Crane|Franz said 'Your picture, Viki, suggests that sense of breaking-up we feel in the modern world. Families, nations, classes, other loyalty groups falling apart. Things changing before you get to know them. Death on the installment plan – or decay by jumps. Instantaneous birth. Something out of nothing. Reality replacing science fiction so fast that you can't tell which is which. Constant sense of deja-vu - 'I was here before, but when, how?' Even the possibility that there's no real continuity between events, just inexplicable gaps. And of course every gap – every crack – means a new perching place for horror.
H. Raven Rose, Caffè Latte|You are so sweet. This is unbelievable. Some schmo talks to you every two weeks, buys you a meal, during which he talks about himself, dry-humps you, touches your hand once and you think he smells like roses. Maybe he is a white knight on a steed, who will carry you off into the future, so you can live happily ever after and, finally, maybe get it on.
Louis Theroux|If I've learnt anything over the last six years it's that the most important thing is the strength of our economy. That is how we pay for our NHS, how we build schools, how we provide opportunities for people. And I'm in absolutely no doubt that our economy will be stronger if we stay in and will be weaker and at risk if we leave.
Margaret Atwood, The Penelopiad|The Chorus Line:A Rope-Jumping Rhymewe are the maidsthe ones you killedthe ones you failedwe danced in airour bare feet twitchedit was not fairwith every goddess, queen, and bitchfrom there to hereyou scratched your itchwe did much lessthan what you didyou judged us badyou had the spearyou had the wordat your commandwe scrubbed the bloodof our deadparamours from floors, from chairsfrom stairs, from doors,we knelt in waterwhile you staredat our bare feetit was not fairyou licked our fearit gave you pleasureyou raised your handyou watched us fallwe danced on airthe ones you failedthe ones you killed
Suzanne Collins, Catching Fire|I thought he wanted it, anyway," I say. "Not like this," Haymitch says. "He wanted it to be real.
Ken Hollings, Welcome to Mars: Politics, Pop Culture, and Weird Science in 1950s America|Apocalyptic saucer cults have started to spring up all over America. One small group, which has been receiving messages from outer space via Lake City housewife Mrs. Marian Keech, becomes the subject of a research team led by psychologist Leon Festinger. According to an alien entity named Sananda, the end of the world is due any day and under the most cataclysmic of circumstances. The group meets regularly to discuss the latest predictions from Sananda and the rest of the Space Brothers, all relayed to them by Mrs. Keech. Some members bake cakes in the shape of flying saucers to be consumed during their gatherings while local college football scores are closely debated.
Tara Bray Smith|Reading, for me, is like this: consumptive, pleasing, calming, as much as edifying. It's how I feel after a good dinner. That's why I do it so often: It feels wonderful. The book is mind and I insert myself into it, cover it entire, ear my way through every last slash and dot. That's something you can do with a book, unlike television or movies or the Internet. You can eat it, or mark it, like a dog does on a hydrant. 
Lily King, Euphoria|An urbanite does not become a civilized person just because he has had an education. What one assimilates in the city is book-learning and knowledge derived through emulating educated men. But that alone will not make him a civilized person. A man of simple tastes becomes complex through education because he desires to become complex. That is why a lot of educated men enjoy vulgar and obscene things. The cinema has become a vulgar philistine art form. The enormous motor car with its bloated body is a vulgar vehicle. It is difficult to create a complex thing without some vulgarity and grossness. Amongst the things valued by the educated, it is difficult to find things untainted by vulgarity. People who cannot distinguish between grossness and refinement are not uncommon among the urban educated because for many, the measure of civilization is its complexity.
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|She would fain have caught at the skirts of that departing time, and prayed it to return, and give her back what she had too little valued while it was yet in her possession. What a vain show Life seemed! How unsubstantial, and flickering, and flitting! It was as if from some aerial belfry, high up above the stir and jar of the earth, there was a bell continually tolling, ‘All are shadows!—all are passing!—all is past!
Anthony D. Ravenscroft, Polyamory: Roadmaps for the Clueless and Hopeful: An Introduction on Polyamory|Polyamory is differentiable from some other forms of nonmonogamy (including adultery) in that it is future-oriented. Poly relationships are not located solely in the moment, but have intentions (though perhaps tacit and vaguely defined) of at least adding to a base of experience possibly so far as signifying a life-long and emotionally attached commitment.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Even as we recognize our resentment, bitterness, or jealousy, we can also honor our own wish to be happy, to feel free.
Shemar Moore|Whenever I'm in theatre situations I will go out of my way not to talk about my father, but in the film world I can be really proud of my family and say, 'You know what: my dad's a really, really famous theatre director,' because nobody has any idea.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|The basic dynamics of conversion are summed up for me in the words LEAVE-ARRIVE, END-BEGIN, SHED-EMERGE. These are the tensions of conversion and spiritual awakening.
Elaina Marie, Happiness is Overrated - Live the Inspired Life Instead|I know what dissipate means, Arty. I'm not three, for heaven's sake.
Black Liberation Army Co-Ordinating Committee, Message To The Black Movement: A Political Statement From The Black Underground|Reform as such is inherently reactionary and perpetuates psychological dependence onthe enemy,while confusingthe true class contradictionsbetween ourselves and the enemy.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|If you start by promising what you don't even have yet, you'll lose your desire to work towards getting it.
Olaotan Fawehinmi, If I Were A Girl, I Would Not...|Hate is strewn like confetti by the fear-fueled, specious, tiny- dicked (or un-tender) vacuous dictators, of any gender, whom never knew true love, only sadism. They ALL need some good pharma.
Fyodor Dostoevsky|Fear and euphoria are dominant forces, and fear is many multiples the size of euphoria. Bubbles go up very slowly as euphoria builds. Then fear hits, and it comes down very sharply. When I started to look at that, I was sort of intellectually shocked. Contagion is the critical phenomenon which causes the thing to fall apart.
Anthony Venn-Brown, A Life of Unlearning - a journey to find the truth|What we really have to do is stop the adjective before the job title—whether it's 'black actor,' a 'gay actor' or 'anything actor,' Everybody thinks that equality comes from identifying people, and that's not where equality comes from. Equality comes from treating everybody the same regardless of who they are. I hope the media and the press catches on to that because it's time to move out of 1992.
Geoff Ryman, Paradise Tales: and Other Stories|He really had experienced every tiniest increment of time in the four decades since then, and yet here he was surprised to be suddenly old and crippled. Turned out the rope didn't care if you noticed every daisy on the path to the gallows.
Danielle Steel|Somehow you drift along on the river, and one dayyou wake up and you’re someplace you don’t want tobe, with someone you realize you don’t know.
John Rowland|I run an academy in Spain for young footballers who are released by their clubs and who, in my opinion, deserve a second chance. It is a rewarding job for me, but one that also reveals many of the faults in the English game.
Rao Umar Javed, A Painter, A Performer, A Poet and A Madman|Quoth the Raven," said a glitching voice from the phone. "Nevermore," said the man. "Then the game has started
Jules Barbey d'Aurevilly, Les Diaboliques|It is very simple, actually. It is because you and Tengo were so powerfully drawn to each other.
John Cleese|It can't be overstated how wonderful it is not to have to audition any more. Any actor will tell you, it's like Christmas.
Eoin Colfer, Airman|Why was the taking of a life considered so terrible? In no time at all there would be all new people on this planet, and everyone who was in the planet now would have died, some terribly, some like the flick of a switch. The real reason that murder was considered so transgressive was because of the people that were left behind . The loved ones. But what if someone was not really loved?
Catherine of Siena|Turn over the rudder in God's name, and sail with the wind heaven sends us.
Stanley Victor Paskavich|You ever wake up in the morning and kiss the mirror and say "HELLO BEAUTIFUL" if not you have the wrong connection with your reflection.
Midnight Blue, The Mirror of Maybe|When you are without friends, the next best thing is an enemy who knows you well.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close|Feathers filled the small room. Our laughter kept the feathers in the air. I thought about birds. Could they fly if there wasn't someone, somewhere, laughing?
Thomas Love Peacock, Nightmare Abbey|Modern literature is a north-east wind--a blight of the human soul. I take credit to myself for having helped to make it so. The way to produce fine fruit is to blight the flower. You call this a paradox. Marry, so be it.
Molly Friedenfeld|Negativity an be negated through positivity only………so whatever the situation, always stay positive ………!!!Believe that You will never feel regret on this, moon will be there waiting for you………!!
Michael Ondaatje|A blind lover, don't knowwhat I love till I write it out
Neil Gaiman|If you you write with enough assurance and confidence, you’re allowed to do whatever you like. So write your story as it needs to be written. Write it honestly, and tell it as best you can.
Virginia Woolf, Night and Day|But it would have been a surprise, not only to katherine herself, if some magic watch could have taken count of the moments spent in an entirely different occupation from her ostensible one.Sitting with faded papers before her, she took part in a series of scenes such as the taming of wild ponies upon the American prairies, or the conduct of a vast ship in a hurricane round a black promontory of rock, or in others more peaceful, but marked by her complete emancipation from her present surroundings and, needles to say, her surprising ability in her new vocation.
Himmilicious|People who understand human behavior and personality tend to find flaws in every next person they meet, analyze their actions and develop bit sociopath nature.
Toni Jordan, Nine Days|You must know this. People disappear. They just go puff. Thin air. Every time you see someone, you never know if you're seeing them for the last time. Drink them in, Alec. Kiss them. It's very important. Never let anyone say goodbye, even for a little while, without kissing them. Press your lips against the people you love. Hands, they can touch anything. Open doors, hold cameras, hang clothes on the line. It's lips that matter.
Beatriz Williams, The Secret Life of Violet Grant|This was the year he rode the subway to the ends of the city, two hundred miles of track.
Paracelsus|We live in an environment in which sexuality is often trivialized and defiled, stripped of its emotional depth and divorced from its sacred root.
Marian Wright Edelman|Your modern teenager is not about to listen to advice from an old person, defined as a person who remembers when there was no Velcro.
Ken Follett, The Pillars of the Earth|When the devout religion of mine eyeMaintains such falsehood, then turn tears to fires,And these, who, often drowned, could never die,Transparent heretics, be burnt for liars!One fairer than my love? The all-seeing sunNe'er saw her match since first the world begun.
Janet Evanovich, Wicked Appetite|Personally, I'm a lazy kind of guy, and leaving the door open on the mystical saves me work. I don't have to stress my brain trying to explain the unexplainable. It's magic. End of discussion.
Jenny Han, Always and Forever, Lara Jean|Lara Jean, why do you have to remember every little thing? It's not healthy.
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|The first of ‘Goose’s Two Laws of Survival.’ It runs thus, ‘The weak are meat the strong do eat.’ ” ... Henry grinned in the dark & cleared his throat. “The second law of survival states that there is no second law. Eat or be eaten. That’s it.
Jill Williamson, From Darkness Won|Achan carried Arman inside him. He was part of Arman's light. So was every man, woman and child in Er'Rets who believed. Alone, as one man, Achan could not succeed. But if all the people joined together...Because the temple of Arman was his people.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|When one is young, one venerates and despises without that art of nuances which constitutes the best gain of life, and it is only fair that one has to pay dearly for having assaulted men and things in this manner with Yes and No. Everything is arranged so that the worst of tastes, the taste for the unconditional, should be cruelly fooled and abused until a man learns to put a little art into his feelings and rather to risk trying even what is artificial — as the real artists of life do.
Dorothy Day|As the sailor locates his position on the sea by "shooting" the sun, so we may get our moral bearings by looking at God. We must begin with God.
Karl R. Popper|False fears are a plague, a modern plague!
Charlotte Brontë, Villette|While McMurphy laughs. Rocking farther and farther backward against the cabin top,spreading his laugh across the water. Laughing at the girl,at the guys, at George,at me sucking my bleeding thumb, at the captain back at the pier and the bicycle rider and the service station guys and the five thousand houses and the Big Nurse and all of it. Because he knows you have to laugh at the things that hurt you just to keep yourself in balance, just to keep the world from running you plumb crazy. He know's there's a painful side; he knows my thumb smarts and his girl friend has a bruised breast and the doctor is losing his glasses, but he won't let the pain blot out the humor no more'n he'll let the humor blot out the pain.
Evanescence|Don't be afraid of the shadows, that only means there's a light nearby.
Janet Fitch|I had always been fascinated with Napoleon because he was a self-made emperor; Victor Hugo said, 'Napoleon's will to power,' and it was the title of my paper. And I submitted it to my teacher, and he didn't think I had written it. And he wanted me to explain it to him.
Alison Fell, The Element -inth in Greek|If God gave you contentment then you would never pursue your life purpose. It is your restlessness that pushes you to take action, change your life and seek more of what you could possibly be.
Linda Ronstadt, Simple Dreams: A Musical Memoir|It's good to dream. We can't out-give God. We can't out-love him, and we can't out-dream him.
John Halstead, Godless Paganism: Voices of Non-Theistic Pagans|The heron must be used to people, and yet it never lets you get too close. Draw parallel to it with the width of one of the marsh’s holding ponds between you, and it will duck its head, eyeing you with suspicion, then fly. I cannot approach the heron, certainly could never touch it; I can only look for it, entranced.This is how I understand the divine, and why I continue to seek it in the resolutely non-human world, with which we nonetheless recognize a numinous kinship. Sometimes, it will turn and lock eyes with you, lifting you out of yourself, changing everything. Other times, it will give you the side-eye and swoop away, leaving you longing for retreating beauty. You might not see it every single time you go looking, or where you expect to find it. No matter how common the experience, every time you stumble across mystery, or independent wild being, it is a surprise and a miracle. And every day, you can look." - Sara Amis, "A Daily Heron
Dan Jenkins|Even as a little kid, I was fascinated by newspapers and magazines. They were my TV. I'd be the first one up to grab the morning paper, mainly to look at the sports pictures, the war pictures.
Bill Veeck|Sports is the only entertainment where, no matter how many times you go back, you never know the ending.
George F. Will, One Man's America: The Pleasures and Provocations of Our Singular Nation|the man eventually becomes what he dreams of"By T. Afsin Ilgar - Ted`s Tale
Julian Huxley, New Bottles For New Wine|I believe in transhumanism: once there are enough people who can truly say that, the human species will be on the threshold of a new kind of existence, as different from ours as ours is from that of Peking man. It will at last be consciously fulfilling its real destiny.
Jessica Gross|Guilty people apologize and also take steps to avoid repetition. Shame, in contrast, is a more global emotion, which can emerge in response to the same kind of wrong act and violation of standards. It may develop earlier in life than guilt-- guilt requires more cognitive sorting capacity-- but above all it emphasizes self-abasement. It is the self that is at fault, not the commission of the act. This creates greater pain and intensity than guilt. A shamed person feels very bad indeed-- but also makes it more difficult to escape.
Ilchi Lee, LifeParticle Meditation: A Practical Guide to Healing and Transformation|I like "Julie Gold's song "From a Distance". Her song reminds me of the world as seen through an observer's eye. Seen from a distance, we are people in the same band playing music for everyone. We are artists who play the most beautiful instruments in the world - life.
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|Science fiction is using an exploration of where we might be, to explore where it seems like we are heading, in order to reveal exactly where we are.
Petra Stunt|It takes more than driving to become an IndyCar driver. Gone are the days when drivers show up Friday morning and go home Sunday night. We're all integral to our partnerships, commercially, motorsports. We're as much champions in the boardroom as we are on the racetrack.
Sammy Rhodes, This Is Awkward: How Life's Uncomfortable Moments Open the Door to Intimacy and Connection|When you're depressed, it's like you pick up one of those shields in a video game, but instead of protecting your life power, it blocks you from being able to receive any affirmation or encouragement.
Frank Wanderer|Reaching beyond ourselves, exceeding our mind is not a simple thing. It is, in fact, impossible–one half of the Ego is trying to exceed the other.
Christopher Hitchens, Hitch-22: A Memoir|The ethics of plagiarism have turned into the narcissism of small differences: because journalism cannot own up to its heavily derivative nature, it must enforce originality on the level of the sentence.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Empty complaints are the sources of everyday failure, but not the problem being complained about. Problems are solvable; but not with complaints. A complainer is just an explainer of problems!
Antonio Gramsci, Selections from the Prison Notebooks|Democracy is a system were ignorants choose a government, comunism is a system where ignorants govern themselves.
Dennis Sharpe|Have you ever worried about something so much that it becomes debilitating? But when you finally accept there’s nothing you can do, when your choices are taken away, fear dissolves and you can finally relax…and perhaps even enjoy?
Emmy Swain|Emmy has embarked on her journey to enrich the world with smiles. They are free, healthy, and often, very contagious.
Akshay Vasu|Sometimes It feels like time is an evil clown that we always imagine. It gives you everything you ask for, and when you are about to happily embrace every gift that you have received it snatches away everything laughing and clapping at you, watching you fall on your knees and break into pieces.
Gia Russell|We are wise to be cautious, but I suggest we prepare for the worst and hope for the best.
Debasish Mridha|Pain is inevitable in life; you can’t avoid it. You can only feel it. Realize its true nature without emotional attachment and then transcend yourself and your emotions beyond that level. Pain will not go away, but you find that it is not hurting you that much.
Maurice Merleau-Ponty, Phenomenology of Perception|I think that a good start at this problem is to enunciate our ethical theory that underlies our moral judgements. According to the version of divine command ethics which I’ve defended, our moral duties are constituted by the commands of a holy and loving God. Since God doesn’t issue commands to Himself, He has no moral duties to fulfill. He is certainly not subject to the same moral obligations and prohibitions that we are. For example, I have no right to take an innocent life. For me to do so would be murder. But God has no such prohibition. He can give and take life as He chooses. We all recognize this when we accuse some authority who presumes to take life as “playing God.” Human authorities arrogate to themselves rights which belong only to God. God is under no obligation whatsoever to extend my life for another second. If He wanted to strike me dead right now, that’s His prerogative.What that implies is that God has the right to take the lives of the Canaanites when He sees fit. How long they live and when they die is up to Him.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|The times that were most fun seemed always to be followed by sadness now, because it was when life started to feel like it did when she was with us that we realized how utterly gone she was.
Ted Chiang|It'll be when you first learn to walk that I get daily demonstrations of the asymmetry in our relationship. You'll be incessantly running off somewhere, and each time you walk into a door frame or scrape your knee, the pain feels like it's my own. It'll be like growing an errant limb, an extension of myself whose sensory nerves report pain just fine, but whose motor nerves don't convey my commands at all. It's so unfair: I'm going to give birth to an animated voodoo doll of myself.
Coco Chanel|If my future were determined just by my performance on a standardized test, I wouldn't be here. I guarantee you that.
Alanis Morissette|When pain brings you down, don't be silly, don't close your eyes and cry, you just might be in the best position to see the sun shine.
Karl Barth, Evangelical Theology: An Introduction|...Cast yourself upon, abandon yourself to this Christ who lived that life of utter surrender to God that He might prepare a new nature which He could impart to you and in which He might make you like Himself.
Abraham Lincoln|War never takes a wicked man by chance, the good man always.
Harry S. Vested Jr.|So many things could happen with a hard work"....
Emil M. Cioran|If there is anyone who owes everything to Bach, it is certainly God.
Graham Greene, Brighton Rock|A brain was only capable of what it could conceive, and it couldn't conceive what it had never experienced
Cofer Black|The intelligence community, for the most part, has no accountability at all; to the Congress, to us the American people, and so they feel that they above the law.
Hazel Butler, Chasing Azrael|Fruit of the Poisonous Tree, The True Story of Murder in a Small Town, begins on a steamy August night with two teenagers, brother and sister, on an evil mission deep in a rural Michigan forest. For one desperate moment headlights appear on the lonely access road. Will they be found out? Thus the story of one of state’s strangest criminal cases unfolds. Girl breaks up with boyfriend. He turns violent. She disappears without a trace. Then state police investigators set out on what at first looks like a fool’s journey. The story is colored by a bizarre Ouija board death prophesy and the roles of two psychics, a former practicing witch and a handsome young artist who is suspected of Satanism. The canny and elusive suspect taunts police and seems always to be one step ahead of them. When a key witness is daunted by uncharacteristic injuries, a mysterious medium tells him he is the victim of black magic practiced by the suspect’s grandmother. And when, after eight years, the suspect finally is brought to trial, he is represented by a Roman Catholic priest.
Christopher Paolini, Brisingr|I'm healthy as an ox. And you?" "To compare myself with a bovine would be both ridiculous and insulting, but I'm fit as ever, if that is what you are asking.
Felicia Day, You're Never Weird on the Internet|FYI, it isn’t how I suspected. If you eat enough Cheetos you will NOT actually poop an extra-large Cheeto.
Linda Fisher Thornton|In a human development sense, our understanding of leadership has essentially “grown up” and moved past personal ego and a self-centered view of things.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When I can’t find my way, I pray to God to show me the way. And then, He creates the right pathways.
Sarah Dessen, This Lullaby|I love everything that makes up a milieu, the rolling of the carriages and the noise of the workmen in Paris, the cries of a thousand birds in the country, the movement of the ships on the waters. I love also absolute, profound silence, and, in short, I love everything that is around me, no matter where I am.
Poppet, Sveta|The answer to my thoughts is the loud ripping of my shirt when he tears it straight down my back, yanking it forward around my shoulders and imprisoning my arms in the sleeves.“I've got you now,” he says, breaking the kiss and sounding like a god about to unleash wrath.
Brock Clarke, An Arsonist's Guide to Writers' Homes in New England|I have no idea,' he said, and that's another thing I'll put in my arsonist's guide: be wary of a man who says, 'I have no idea,' when asked why his wife doesn't like something he's done, which of course is just another way of saying be wary of men in general.
Graham Greene|the sense of a small courageous community barely existing above the desert of trees, hemmed in by a sun too fierce to work under and a darkness filled with evil spirits - love was an arm round the neck, a cramped embrace in the smoke, wealth a little pile of palm-nuts, old age sores and leprosy, religion a few stones in the centre of the village where the dead chiefs lay, a grove of trees where the rice birds, like yellow and green canaries, built their nests, a man in a mask with raffia skirts dancing at burials. This never varied, only their kindness to strangers, the extent of their poverty and the immediacy of their terrors. Their laughter and their happiness seemed the most courageous things in nature
David Z. Hirsch, Didn't Get Frazzled|There are two events in everybody’s life that nobody remembers. Two moments experienced by every living thing. Yet no one remembers anything about them. Nobody remembers being born and nobody remembers dying. Is that why we always stare into the eye sockets of a skull? Because we’re asking, “What was it like?” “Does it hurt?” “Are you still scared?”.
Ban Ki-moon|Sooner or later, we will have to recognise that the Earth has rights, too, to live without pollution. What mankind must know is that human beings cannot live without Mother Earth, but the planet can live without humans.
Nicola Yoon, The Sun Is Also a Star|CARL SAGAN SAID that if you want to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first invent the universe. When he says “from scratch,” he means fromnothing. He means from a time before the world even existed. If you want to make an apple pie from nothing at all, you have to start with the Big Bang and expanding universes, neutrons, ions, atoms, black holes, suns, moons, ocean tides, the Milky Way, Earth, evolution, dinosaurs, extinction- level events, platypuses,Homo erectus, Cro- Magnon man, etc. You have to start at the beginning. You must invent fire. You need water and fertile soil and seeds. You need cows and people to milk them and more people to churn that milk into butter. You need wheat and sugar cane and apple trees. You need chemistry and biology. For a really good apple pie, you need the arts. For an apple pie that can last for generations, you need the printing press and the Industrial Revolution and maybe even a poem.To make a thing as simple as an apple pie, you have to create the whole wide world.
C. JoyBell C.|We live in a world where people are so busy trying to find someone that's "good enough" for them, that they have failed to stop and ask themselves if they are in fact good enough for other people! This is the result of a feeling of false entitlement that has been instilled in the minds of people today. "Everyone" deserves "the best" from the "Universe" however, nobody is teaching anybody to stop and try to become the best for their own selves and for other people. When everybody thinks they are the best, everybody falls short of the best that they can actually be.
Kristin Cashore, Fire|For a moment, it was almost as if they were friends again.
Stephan Attia, Mythopia|I only wake up twice a year,And twice a year I live;In the equinox I am aware,Flying high and everywhere;On other days I grieve.
Leila Sales, Past Perfect|If there's one common thread throughout all of history, it's that people have always fallen for the wrong people.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|កត្តាដែលភ្លេចអក្សរសាស្រ្តជាតិរបស់ខ្លួនហ្នឹង អាចនឹងធ្វើឲ្យពួក គេថ្ងៃក្រោយមិនអាចដឹងនូវដើមកំណើតឫសនៃមូលដ្ឋានជាតិរបស់គេនោះកូនចៅខ្មែរក្រោមអាចនឹងកា្លយជាជនជាតិវៀតណាមទៅវិញ ។I think in the future, the younger generation of Khmer Krom people could forget the Cambodian national literature. They won’t know about their roots and the basics of Khmer. I’m afraid that the Khmer Krom youth can easily become Vietnamese.
Christopher Pike, The Last Vampire|You think your show of defiance will save you from my dominance? From my wrath? Trust me, you haven’t seen my worst. There are ways of torturing a vampire that can drive them literately insane. I know ways of making you suffer that will last for months or years—not seconds. I want you to test me so that I can teach you who your master is. Now get the fuck up and follow me. If I have to tell you again, I’m going to cut off your hand and send it to the werewolves.”Theoden to Noel
Li-Young Lee, The City in Which I Love You|A door jumpsout from shadows,then jumps away. Thisis what I've come to find:the back door, unlatched.Tooled by insular wind, itslams and slamswithout meaningto and without meaning.
Cormac McCarthy|Creative work is often driven by pain. It may be that if you don't have something in the back of your head driving you nuts, you may not do anything. It's not a good arrangement. If I were God, I wouldn't have done it tha
Barack Obama|The sadness of the women's movement is that they don't allow the necessity of love. See, I don't personally trust any revolution where love is not allowed.
Sarah Ban Breathnach|Follow your dreams. If you have a goal, and you want to achieve it, then work hard and do everything you can to get there, and one day it will come true.
William Gurnall|When God intends a mercy for his people, he stirs up the spirit of prayer in them. Fervency unites the soul and directs the thoughts to the work at hand. It will not allow diversions and denies all foreign thoughts seeking to intrude. Pray fervently or you do nothing. Cold praying is no more prayer than a painting of fire is fire. How can prayers that do not even warm your own heart move God’s? A fervent prayer will never find a cold reception with God. Elijah’s prayer called fire down from heaven because it carried fire up to heaven.
RYCJ|Never settle for half the story, and make-up and imagine the rest. Get the full Story!
Sarah Winman, When God Was a Rabbit|You said I could be anything I wanted when I was older', I said.She smiled and said, 'And you can be. But it's not very easy to become Jewish.''I know,' I said forlornly, 'I need a number.'And she suddenly stopped smiling.
Peter  Kirby, The Dead of Winter|David Thomas: What do you think is the worst crime that could possibly be committed? What is the crime that offends you most?David Bowie: Seeing a man humble himself in his capacity as a worker to somebody else, and having to have that accepted as a given situation.
Paul Gallico, Mrs. 'Arris Goes to Paris|She forced herself to stroll casually and appraise her plants. The wisteria was shedding its final leaves, the jasmine had long lost its flowers, but the autumn had been mild and the pink roses were still in bloom. Eliza went closer, took a half-opened bud between her fingers and smiled at the perfect raindrop caught within its inner petals. The thought was sudden and complete. She must make a bouquet, a welcome-home gift for Rose. Her cousin was fond of flowers, but more than that, Eliza would select plants that were a symbol of their bond. There must be ivy for friendship, pink rose for happiness, and some of the exotic oak-leaved geranium for memories...
Star Wars: The Force Awakens|From visible habits we make inferences as to the invisible attributes of the soul. Therefore, statecraft is soulcraft.
John O'Donohue, To Bless the Space Between Us: A Book of Blessings|Each of us is an artist of our days; the greater our integrity and awareness, the more original and creative our time will become.
Sunday Adelaja|We stand the risk of regression, because you refused to take risks. So life demands risks.
Matthew Lillard|I really realize the more movies I do just how important - it's so cliche when people say it, because everybody says it nowadays - but it's so important to keep it grounded. I totally understand what that means.
Walter Dean Myers|Books have always been among my most trusted of friends, Mr. Linden replied. The best of them allow the mind to wander wherever the author's musings lead.
Oliver Markus, Sex and Crime: Oliver's Strange Journey|Avoid using cigarettes, alcohol, and drugs as alternatives to being an interesting person.
Aayush Jain|The most amazing speeches are a mix of fear, expertise, and practice.
Jay Parini|I really think we should pass a law in every state, I don't care whether it takes the independence away from an old person or not. You shouldn't be driving a car if you're over the age of 80. Maybe even less than that.
Saumya Mohanty|Music That Brings, The Meaning Of our Life.Music That Shows, The Light From Our Soul.When This Music Touch Our Hear, We call it TRANCE.When This Music Control Our Emotion We call it "THE SENSATION OF TRANCE
J.K. Hogan, Blood in the Valley|But where would she go, Raven wondered. Where was home now that Drew was her heart?
Rose Christo, Gives Light|Everyone's life matters and everyone deserves to be happy but not everyone is in a place where they think, or even believe, happiness is possible.
Tina A. Morgan|Always try and be a better person than you were yesterday, cause we aren't guaranteed tomorrow.
Winston Graham, The Four Swans|Everyone," Ross said, "seems a little less concerned than I do. Am I more tender-hearted for others or only tender because of my own conscience?""We are not–untender," she said. "Not so. But maybe we are more–resigned. When a man is condemned to death we accept it, though it's sad to do so. We know we cannot change it. You hoped to change it–so it's more of a–a disappointment. You feel you have failed. We don't feel that because we never hoped to succeed.
Alison Umminger, American Girls|Roger was like the Edgar Allen Poe of stupid people. He'd been making movies about women who were dead or dying, who didn't have much to say, for as long as his stringy hair had been ponytailed into a cliché.
Maya Angelou, Gather Together in My Name|I found it hard to think of leaving my books. They had been my elevators out of the midden, and to whom could I entrust such close friends?
Murray N. Rothbard|Thomas Jefferson. . . knew what schools were for--to ensure that citizens would know when and how to protect their liberty. . . It would not have come easily to the mind of such a man, as it does to political leaders today, that the young should be taught to read exclusively for the purpose of increasing their economic productivity.
Angie Harmon|I am not going to die, I'm going home like a shooting star.
Patrick White, The Vivisector|They walked on rather aimlessly. He hoped she wouldn't notice he was touched, because he wouldn't have known how to explain why. Here lay the great discrepancy between aesthetic truth and sleazy reality.
Ali Smith, How to Be Both|It's so warm it's almost friendly. A friendly work of art. I've never thought such a thing in my life. And look at it. It's never sentimental. It's generous, but it's sardonic too. And whenever it's sardonic, a moment later it's generous again.
Jamie Farrell, Blissed|My clue is that you're supposed to keep going once you've found me."His eyes narrowed. Thoughtfully, as though he were looking for the words she wanted to say instead. "Keep going in the maze?" he said slowly. "Or keep going somewhere else?"The man had an evil streak. "The maze," she said firmly.Helpfully. Like a dutiful daughter of Bliss."Because there are a few places I'd like to go with you.
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|Often, her mate is the child of a narcissist, already indoctrinated to regard exploitation and disregard as love. Others lured by the narcissistic aura are those in whom healthy childhood exhibitionism has been repressed. . . . If the parent puts the child to shame for showing off, the need for attention gets repressed into the unconscious. Repression means that the need is not satisfied and continues to press for expression in the adult without her being aware of it. The repressed adult may select an exhibitionistic mate to achieve vicarious satisfaction.
Liz Hay|Who says books aren't 'real' friends? We hug them, treasure them, relate to them, spend weekends with them, and bring them along on vacation! They give us escape, comfort, adventures, advice, hope, inspiration, role models, and something to look forward to after a hard day. What more could you ask for from a friend?
Scott Caan|Israel should not feel satisfaction at my son's death, for he died on the battlefield, facing the conquerors as he wished, with a gun in his hand.
B.W. Powe, Towards a Canada of Light|We become slaves the moment we hand the keys to the definition of reality entirely over to someone else, whether it is a business, an economic theory, a political party, the White House, Newsworld or CNN.
Lin Dan|I grew up in New York City, where we played highly unorganized sports: stick ball, stoop ball, and the occasional game of baseball with no adult supervision.
Ashley Earley, Alone in Paris|He smirks, shaking his head and letting his eyes wander. I watch him carefully, wondering what I can say to get him to leave. “I’m not leaving until you answer some questions. Plus, I’m holding your sketchbook hostage, so you might want to cooperate.” I raise an eyebrow at him. I guess there isn’t much I can say. “This isn’t a hostage negotiation.” He chuckles half-heartedly as his eyes take me in, almost sizing me up. “I guess I should introduce myself.” He holds a hand out for me to shake. “I’m Nathan.” I stare at his hand for a moment. “Taylor,” I reply, meeting his eyes again without taking his hand. He lets his hand fall back to his side. “At least I got you to say something non-hostile.” “I haven’t been hostile,” I object. His eyebrows shoot up. “Oh, haven’t you?” “Why don’t you leave me alone?” I snap. “Leave and don’t come back.” I move passed him, heading for my apartment. He can’t follow and annoy me if I lock the door. “Where are you going?” he demands. I look back over my shoulder and roll my eyes at him, indicating the answer should be obvious: anywhere he isn’t. Once inside, I slam the door behind me. “That was totally not hostile!” he calls after me, sarcastically. I quickly head for my bedroom door, slamming it, too.
Rhys Bowen, Naughty in Nice|Peter will love Lara Jean with all his heart, always.
Brittany Gibbons, Fat Girl Walking: Sex, Food, Love, and Being Comfortable in Your Skin...Every Inch of It|If the problem of the twentieth century was, in W. E. B. Du Bois’s famous words, “the problem of the color line,” then the problem of the twenty-first century is the problem of colorblindness, the refusal to acknowledge the causes and consequences of enduring racial stratification.
Billy Eichner|When I was a kid, we would get McDonalds on Christmas Eve, and that was a big deal because the closest one to the south side of Chicago was a 35 minute drive away. I remember opening the bag and smelling those fries, and even now when I smell them, it reminds me of Christmas Eve.
Paul Evdokimov, Orthodoxy|The ascetic remembrance of death is opposed to akedia, to anxiety, to depression, and becomes a powerful reminder of eternity, its joyful nostalgia.
Merrill Markoe|But with exquisite breathing you smile, with satisfaction of love, And I touch you again as you tick in the silence and settle in sleep.
Aminatta Forna|And afterwards, if you had asked any of the survivors how they had managed it, they would not have been able to tell you. It was as if those days in the forest, the escape to the city, had passed in a trance. The mind creates an alternative state.
Annie Dillard, The Abundance: Narrative Essays Old and New|Your culture is your limit; if you can’t go beyond it, you will remain as a frog of your little lake!
RVM|Tranquility is a Choice. So is Anxiety. The entire world around us may be in Turmoil. But if we want to be Peaceful within, WE CAN.
Jennifer E. Smith, The Statistical Probability of Love at First Sight|Perfect!" Wrath bellowed. "And this is a doctor saying it -- I mean, she went to medical school."..."And Dr. Sam told me she's delivered over fifteen thousand babies over the course of her career -- ""See!" Wrath yelled. "She knows these things. My son is perfect!
Abhijit Naskar, Wise Mating: A Treatise on Monogamy|A relationship is not just about sex – it is much more than that. Sex is only a tool in love, not love itself.
Thomas Aquinas|If you could choose any mask to wear right now, what would it be?” Anne lay down her yarn. “I suppose if, as you say, I would grow into this mask, then I would make it of my own face . . . but a braver, better version of myself.” “And what would this braver Anne do?” The answer came quickly, as if it had been there all along. I’d save them, she thought.
Eva Ibbotson, A Company of Swans|There are those who dance the notes, and those who dance the music.
Clarissa Pinkola Estés, Women Who Run With the Wolves: Myths and Stories of the Wild Woman Archetype|While I do not in any way mean to say that a woman should throw herself into a torturous or abusive situation, I do mean she must set for herself something in life that she is willing to reach for and therefore take risks for.
|Be careful with the kind of company you keep, because behaviors and habits are very contagious.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King|I feel like spring after winter, and sun on the leaves; and like trumpets and harps and all the songs I have ever heard!
Nargis Fakhri|My goal in my career is to inspire people, is to get my music out there and have people enjoy it, and have people think of me as an inspirational artist.
Thomas  Moore, Care of the Soul: A Guide for Cultivating Depth and Sacredness in Everyday Life|In the fifteenth century, Marsilio Ficino put it as simply as possible. The mind, he said, tends to go off on its own so that it seems to have no relevance to the physical world. At the same time, the materialistic life can be so absorbing that we get caught in it and forget about spirituality. What we need, he said, is soul, in the middle, holding together mind and body, ideas and life, spirituality and the world.
Stefan Molyneux|Blessed are the peacemakers? Billed are the warmongers, and then you shall have peace.
James Scott, Senior Fellow, Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology|You'll have the right to be angry about Vault 7 only after you boycott dragnet surveillance data providers like Google, Microsoft, Skype, Facebook and LinkedIn. The true threat is coming from the private sector surveillance profiteers.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|The spiritual path is an inward journey. On the spiritual path, the external life remains the same, but you begin the inward journey towards the truth.
Naomi Wolf, The Beauty Myth|Women are mere “beauties” in men’s culture so that culture can be kept male. When women in culture show character, they are not desirable, as opposed to the desirable, artless ingenue.
David McCandless|You cannot design shoes if you only think about fashion; it's too realistic. When I design, I dream.
The Subject Tonight Is Love: 60 Wild and Sweet Poems of Hafiz|For a day, just for one day,Talk about that which disturbs no oneAnd bring some peace into yourBeautiful eyes.
Sudesh Abrol|Conscience, the divine nature within us, sees everything as connected, what’s good for all is always its priority.
Robert A. Heinlein, Stranger in a Strange Land|It's up to the artist to use language that can be understood, not hide it in some private code. Most of these jokers don't even want to use language you and I know or can learn . . . they would rather sneer at us and be smug, because we 'fail' to see what they are driving at. If indeed they are driving at anything--obscurity is usually the refuge of incompetence.
Paulo Freire, Pedagogy of the Oppressed|As long as I fight, I am moved by hope; and if I fight with hope, then I can wait.
Victoria Denault, Game On|He knocked politely and entered the principal’s office with his dad face in full effect. He put his hand on my shoulder in a way that came off as both stern and proud. He was dad-ing it up for the principal, which I was actually a little grateful for, but it also made me mad.
Michel Onfray, Atheist Manifesto: The Case Against Christianity, Judaism, and Islam|The three monotheism share a series of identical forms of aversion: hatred of reason and intelligence; hatred of freedom; hatred of all books in the name of one book alone; hatred of sexuality, women,and pleasure; hatred of feminine; hatred of body, of desires, of drives. Instead Judaism, Christianity, and Islam extol faith and belief, obedience and submission, taste for death and longing for the beyond, the asexual angel and chastity, virginity and monogamous love, wife and mother, soul and spirit. In other words, life crucified and nothingness exalted.
Nicki Minaj|As technology advances, it reverses the characteristics of every situation again and again. The age of automation is going to be the age of 'do it yourself.'
Ernest Hemingway, Death in the Afternoon|I was trying to write then and I found the greatest difficulty, aside from knowing what you really felt, rather that what you were supposed to feel, and had been taught to feel, was to put down what really happened in action; what the actual things which produced the emotion that you experienced...
David Millar, Racing Through the Dark|Look, girls. It is important to all of us that we win this game, right? Well, when it comes to athletics, boys are simply better suited than girls. It’s a fact of nature that no one can change. I’m sorry, but maybe you can play next time when it’s less crucial.
Brennan Manning|Social media has given us this idea that we should all have a posse of friends when in reality, if we have one or two really good friends, we are lucky.
Diyar Harraz, After the Storm|Success has nothing to do with what we accomplish for ourselves, but the amount of hard works we put forward to others
Ward Churchill|If the U.S. foreign policy results in massive death and destruction abroad, they cannot feign innocence when some of that destruction is returned. On 9/11/2001, Americans noticed that payback can be a real motherfucker.
Arina Tanemura|Please, no one touch my heart. Don't touch it. Don't notice anything. No one has to know what my heart is feeling. I decided that I wouldn't turn back. That's why I threw everything away. So, don't you ever say, "I'm lonely.
Cormac McCarthy|You know we talked about where people go when they die. I just believe you go someplace and I seen her layin there and I thought maybe she wouldn't go to heaven because, you know, I thought she wouldn't and I thought about God forgivin people and I thought about if I could ask God to forgive me for killin that son of a bitch because you and me both know I ain't sorry for it and I reckon this sounds ignorant but I didn't want to be forgiven if she wasn't. I didn't want to do or be nothin that she wasn't like going to heaven or anything like that.
Robin Sacredfire|Unfortunately, the main problem of the world isn't on money, as it might seem at first sight, but on the mind of those that either use it, create it, maintain it, capitalize on it, or simply, ignore it. What use would science have if people didn't have problems needing a solution? What use would art have if people didn't have a need to escape their reality? What use would reading have if there was no desire to aspire to? What use would dreams have if life was perfect? And so, I’m not saying that money is necessary. but that our mind is what makes it valuable. And once you understand this, you actually master it. The solution lays on the fundamental laws of duality. The more you disregard money, the more it becomes a fundamental part of your world. Those that love it, however, don't even need to touch it or worry about it. And how convenient that we tend to ask questions about the things we refuse to learn about.
Edward Snowden|When you're in the heat of the moment, you need guys you can trust and who have been there for you.
Paul H. Magid, Lifting the Wheel of Karma|I learned that one person hurting another really is like a hand curling into a fist to smash the foot. And that all that really matters is family and other people. And that the purpose of life is to find the Light of God, but not the light from some old guy with a beard sitting up there judging us. The light is the love we give each other on our way back home. And that God wouldn’t mind if we spent a little less time telling him how great he is and a little more time loving each other, and not just the people we’re supposed to love, but everyone.
Beverly L. Anderson, Stolen Innocence|Normal is a societal construct that is created by us. There is no consistency across civilizations. What is normal to one person is not to another. It once was normal to own slaves and be prejudiced against people of color like you and others. It was once normal to make women wear dresses and cover themselves. And long before that it was normal to cut off someone’s hand for stealing instead of putting them in jail. Eventually, all societal constructs fall to new ideas. Normal is one of them. (Varick Jaeger to Kieran Sung)
Lynne Sharon Schwartz, Not Now, Voyager: A Memoir|The stillness and stasis of bed are the perfect opposite of travel: inertia is what I've come to consider the default mode, existentially and electronically speaking. Bed, its utter inactivity, offers a glimpse of eternity, without the drawback of being dead.
Huntley Fitzpatrick, My Life Next Door|Right. Because if you have trouble putting ketchup and mustard on a hot dog, you should totally move on to saving lives.
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Natural Born Charmer|Life sure is easier when you're rich.""And a natural born charmer. Don't forget that part.""How could I?" she retorted. "It's the only thing we have in common.
|The moment one discovers one's true purpose in life, one will never dare to live one's life trying to impress others or worrying about what others think.
Diane Hammond, Hannah's Dream|The divorce has lasted way longer than the marriage, but finally it's over.Enough about that.The point is that for a long time, the fact that I was divorced was the most important thing about me.And now it's not.
Ashley Sanders|I write to be a part of something - a world made up of words and ideas, which are sometimes painfully criticized, gratefully loved and can never be destroyed.
Janvier Chando, The Union Moujik|At the end of the day, what matters is our faith in humanity...
Haruki Murakami, South of the Border, West of the Sun|For a while" is a phrase whose length can't be measured.At least by the person who's waiting.
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|We find in our children our own selves again, who might be made better than we are.
John Locke, Second Treatise of Government|What presents itself to us as bourgeois legality is nothing but the violence of the ruling class, a violence raised to an obligatory norm from the outset.
Morgan Freeman|The next time some academics tell you how important diversity is, ask how many Republicans there are in their sociology department.
Kevin Plank|I'd always need a creative outlet. But sometimes, I do fantasize what my life would be like if I weren't famous.
Joyce G. Baldwin|Is it a time for you, you I say, to dwell in your roofed-in houses?' (Haggai 1:4). The reply might have been that it was unreasonable to expect anyone to live in a roofless house, but the question made its point. What worth did they set on their God, when they left His Temple in ruins?
Shannon L. Alder|When you forgive those that hurt you, they no longer have control over your future happiness. Their anger keeps them a prisoner to your past, while you enjoy the present.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Never ever seek for gratefulness from mankind, you shall always see ungratefulness. Do what you must do as a solemn duty and that is what you have to do!
Ankit Rawat|Truth is very simple in nature, people just manipulate to make it fancy and complex...
Avery Flynn, Bang|Just dinner?"	If there was a God in heaven, no was the answer to that.	"Whatever else is up to you and that little voice inside you telling you to jump my bones like a trampoline, darlin'."	This time she did roll her eyes. "How charming."	"Trust me, my charm isn't what the ladies love most about me.
Judy Garland|'The Lake of Dreams' grew gradually, over many years, elements and ideas accruing until they gained enough critical mass to become a novel.
Emily Giffin, Baby Proof|Why do I need to have reasons? When someone decides to have a baby, people don't go around asking what her reasons are.
Joanna Going|I am more interested in revolutionary beauty than in the great beauty, to be honest. Italian cinema is now mostly a bureau for tourism. We have given up that revolution of the contemporary.
Van Morrison|I never wanted to be a celebrity; I never wanted to be famous. And in my daily life, I work really hard to not trade on it in any way.
Tom Stoppard, Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead|GUIL: It [Hamlet's madness] really boils down to symptoms. Pregnant replies, mystic allusions, mistaken identities, arguing his father is his mother, that sort of thing; intimations of suicide, forgoing of exercise, loss of mirth, hints of claustrophobia not to say delusions of imprisonment; invocations of camels, chameleons, capons, whales, weasels, hawks, handsaws -- riddles, quibbles and evasions; amnesia, paranoia, myopia; day-dreaming, hallucinations; stabbing his elders, abusing his parents, insulting his lover, and appearing hatless in public -- knock-kneed, droop-stockinged and sighing like a love-sick schoolboy, which at his age is coming on a bit strong.ROS: And talking to himself.GUIL: And talking to himself.
Samuel J. Palmisano|The only thing that I'd rather own than Windows is English, because then I could charge you two hundred and forty-nine dollars for the right to speak it.
Diane Setterfield, The Thirteenth Tale|When you read a manuscript that has been damaged by water, fire, light or just the passing of the years, your eye needs to study not just the shape of the letters but other marks of production. The speed of the pen. The pressure of the hand on the page. Breaks and releases in the flow. You must relax. Think of nothing. Until you wake into a dream where you are at once a pen flying of vellum and the vellum itself with the touch of ink tickling your surface. Then you can read it. The intention of the writer, his thoughts, his hesitations, his longings and his meaning. You can read as clearly as if you were the very candlelight illuminating the page as the pen speeds over it.
Linda Alfiori, The Art of Loving Again: How to More Intelligently Start Again After a Breakup, Divorce and the Death of a Loved One|Trust is very hard to earn, yet very easily to lose. So, if you want people to perceive you as trust worthy make sure you always behave that way.
Louise Blackwick, Vivian Amberville - The Weaver of Odds|As the Weaver, so is the Thread
Craig D. Lounsbrough|At the end, a journey based on my imagination will leave me imagining that I should have engaged the very thing I used my imagination to avoid.
Tim Farrington, The Monk Upstairs: A Novel|If there is a heaven we will find each other again, for there is no heaven without you.
Tim Farrington, The Monk Downstairs|We are born to love as we are born to die, and between the heartbeats of those two great mysteries lies all the tangled undergrowth of our tiny lives. There is nowhere to go but through. And so we walk on, lost, and lost again, in the mapless wilderness of love.
Sara Wolf, Lovely Vicious|She can go places we cannot, associate with people we cannot, understand things about society types and women that we never can. (Why Mr. Burke hires Violet Strange.)
Mensah Oteh|Never start a day or activity without a plan. Learn to plan your work, and then work your plan.
M. Scott Peck, The Road Less Traveled: A New Psychology of Love, Traditional Values, and Spiritual Growth|When we love someone our love becomes demonstrable or real only through our exertion - through the fact that for that someone (or for ourself) we take an extra step or walk an extra mile. Love is not effortless. To the contrary, love is effortful.
Michael Grant, Gone|You’re supposed to be the big boss.”Sam said nothing. The crowd hushed, ready to watch this one-on-one confrontation.“You’re the big boss of the freaks,” Zil yelled. “But you can’t do anything. You can shoot laser beams out of your hands, but you can’t get enough food, and you can’t keep the power on, and you won’t do anything about that murderer Hunter, who killed my best friend.” He paused to fill his lungs for a final, furious cry. “You shouldn’t be in charge.”“You want to be in charge, Zil? Last night you were running around trying to get a lynch mob together. And let’s not even pretend that wasn’t you responsible for graffiti I saw driving into town just now.”“So what?” Zil demanded. “So what? So I said what everyone who isn’t a freak is thinking.”He spit the word “freak,” making it an insult, making it an accusation.“You really think what we need right now is to divide up between freaks and normals?” Sam asked. “You figure that will get the lights turned back on? That will put food on people’s tables?
Isabel Allende, La suma de los días|This was a matter of some small group of guerrillas in some distant caves, a primitive, fanatical, and desperate people who didn't have the resources to intimidate the United States.
Lil Wayne|There are people who can achieve huge success in life, while adding a bit of fun and a splash of colour to this increasingly grey world.
Marty Rubin|You can spit on a rose, but it's still a rose.
Dalai Lama XIV|I found, as every teacher does, that there is nothing like teaching to help one learn.
Brian Spellman|False humility is a form of psychosis which was imprinted on most of us since birth. It is a mental illness because it locks us in a victim state of keeping our light turned down, denying who we really are and silently begging for permission to simply show up as ourselves in the world. But there is good news. This is a jail whose lock is broken. We can walk free whenever we know the truth, and by so doing we show others an example of an end to madness. An example of freedom.
Michele Jennae|It is the people who innovate that inspire, and innovation is not born of the status quo.
Lois Lowry, A Summer to Die|I told her that saying goodbye didn't matter, not a bit. What mattered were all the days you were together before that, all the things you remembered.
Krista Alasti, Taming Shadows|So what did you do, drug me, stuff me in the trunk, then dump me like a sacrificial offering into that vampire’s coffin? - Shella
James Dashner, The Scorch Trials|We're a team like tea and milk, or cake and custard, or pork and apple.
Louis Kahn|I acquired an admiration for Japanese culture, art, and architecture, and learned of the existence of the game of GO, which I still play.
Steven Weinberg|The effort to understand the universe is one of the very few things that lifts human life a little above the level of farce, and gives it some of the grace of tragedy. 
A.J. Compton, This Old Heart of Mine|I don't know which end is up. One minute I want to kiss the life out of her, and the next she frustrates the hell out of me. I don't know if I should scratch my watch or wind my ass.""Welcome to the club, Ronan." Gavin laughed and clapped his brother on the shoulder. "That sure sounds like love to me.
Robert McCammon, Boy's Life|We who choose to surround ourselveswith lives even more temporary than ourown, live within a fragile circle;easily and often breached.Unable to accept its awful gaps,we would still live no other way.We cherish memory as the onlycertain immortality, never fullyunderstanding the necessary plan.
Ripley Patton, Ghost Hand|Marcus looked down. “Ah, man! This was my favorite shirt. Who tore it?” he asked, trying to pull the ragged edges together.
Irvine Welsh|Maybe her husband was right: maybe change didn't necessarily mean disaster. Maybe the mess of life was the very thing she was supposed to enjoy instead of always fighting it, trying to impose order. The universe was trying to tell her something - was it, perhaps, to let go?
Jennifer Senior, All Joy and No Fun: The Paradox of Modern Parenthood|More than almost anything else, the experience of parenthood exposes the gulf between our experiencing and remembering selves. Our experiencing selves tell researchers that we prefer doing the dishes -- or napping, or shopping, or answering emails -- to spending time with our kids. (I am very specifically referring here to Kahneman's study of 909 Texas women.) But our remembering selves tell researchers that no one -- and nothing -- provides us with so much joy as our children. It may not be the happiness we live day to day, but it's the happiness we think about, the happiness we summon and remember, the stuff that makes up our life-tales.
D.M. Murdock, The Origins of Christianity and the Quest for the Historical Jesus Christ|If this is the will of God, it takes a strange and terrible shape. I did not know that the God of Battles was vile like this. I never knew that a saint could summon torment like this.
Dana Marton, Broslin Bride: Gone and Done it|He stepped closer with an intense, thoughtful look on his face. "We shouldn't do this."	Her heart gave a hard thud.	"You probably can't kiss." Another step closer. "What does the doctor say?"	"We never kissed," she deadpanned. "Dr. Pratt and I are not interested in each other that way."	The sound of his deep laughter broke the tension between them. He moved a little closer still.	"Dr. Pratt says intimacy is all right, unless the other person is sick." She couldn't believe she just said that. Why not put a neon sign on her forehead? DESPERATE FOR SEX.	"This isn't going to work." He leaned his forehead against hers, the skin-to-skin contact jolting. "This isn't the right time for either of us." His hands slid up her arms. "I shouldn't kiss you," he said.	And then he did.	Holy heaven.
Andrew Neff, The Mind Game Company: The Players|5-4-10 Tuesday 8:00 A.M. Made a large batch of chili and spaghetti to freeze yesterday. And some walnut fudge! Relieved the electricity is still on.  It’s another beautiful sunny day with fluffy white clouds drifting by. The last cloud bank looked like a dog with nursing pups. I open the window and let in some fresh air filled with the scent of apple and plum blossoms and flowering lilacs. Feels like it’s close to 70 degrees. There’s a boy on a skate board being pulled along by his St. Bernard, who keeps turning around to see if his young friend is still on board. I’m thinking of a scene still vividly displayed in my memory. I was nine years old. I cut through the country club on my way home from school and followed a narrow stream, sucking on a jawbreaker from Ben Franklins, and I had some cherry and strawberry pixie straws, and banana and vanilla taffy inside my coat pocket. The temperature was in the fifties so it almost felt like spring. There were still large patches of snow on the fairways in the shadows and the ground was soggy from the melt off. Enthralled with the multi-layers of ice, thin sheets and tiny ice sickles gleaming under the afternoon sun, dripping, streaming into the pristine water below, running over the ribbons of green grass, forming miniature rapids and gently flowing rippling waves and all the reflections of a crystal cathedral, merging with the hidden world of a child. Seemingly endless natural sculptures. Then the hollow percussion sounds of the ice thudding, crackling under my feet, breaking off little ice flows carried away into a snow-covered cavern and out the other side of the tunnel. And I followed it all the way to bridge under Maple Road as if I didn't have a care in the world.
Robert Edison Fulton Jr., One Man Caravan|...all the disadvantages of good roads: high speed, and almost total lack of that inspiring factor in travel -- the welcoming hand of the interested stranger.
Lillian Hellman|In the military, you learn the essence of people. You see so many examples of self-sacrifice and moral courage. In the rest of life, you don't get that many opportunities to be sure of your friends.
Bill Holm, The Heart Can Be Filled Anywhere on Earth|The romanticism of struggle is over. What remains are the utterly naked facts. The cult of personality and its collapse. Rethinking of everything. The masks are off (the mask of religion, the mask of heroism…).
John  Stephens, The Fire Chronicle|The idea of fairyland fascinates me because it's one of those things, like mermaids and dragons, that doesn't really exist, but everyone knows about it anyway. Fairyland lies only in the eye of the beholder who is usually a fabricator of fantasy. So what good is it, this enchanted, fickle land which in some tales bodes little good to humans and, in others, is the land of peace and perpetual summer where everyone longs to be? Perhaps it's just a glimpse of our deepest wishes and greatest fears, the farthest boundaries of our imaginations. We go there because we can; we come back because we must. What we see there becomes our tales.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, The Power|She wasn’t the only one who was overjoyed.Deacon had launched himself at Aiden—Aiden saintly St. Delphi—nearly knocking him backward, over a fallen pure. The brothers hugged, oblivious to those fighting around them. Other than their eyes, they absolutely had nothing in common.Which was why I liked Deacon.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|When we respond to our pain and suffering with love, understanding, and acceptance—for ourselves, as well as others— over time, we can let go of our anger, even when we’ve been hurt to the core. But that doesn’t mean we ever forget.
Samuel Butler|Autumn is the mellower season, and what we lose in flowers we more than gain in fruits.
Susan J. Tweit, Walking Nature Home: A Life's Journey|Stories nurture our connection to place and to each other. They show us where we have been and where we can go. They remind us of how to be human, how to live alongside the other lives that animate this planet. ... When we lose stories, our understanding of the world is less rich, less true.
Helen Keller, The Story of My Life|Music, oh, how faint, how weak,Language fades before thy spell!Why should Feeling ever speak,When thou canst breathe her soul so well?
N.R. Walker, Spencer Cohen, Book Three|She decided to make his life as terrible, tragic and complicated as possible, so that some day Percy Jackson would have a really hard time writing about it.
Kahlil Gibran|For the sight of the angry weather saddens my soul and the sight of the town, sitting like a bereaved mother beneath layers of ice, oppresses my heart.
Lauren Baratz-Logsted, Crazy Beautiful|...that you should be nice to everyone until a person gives you reason not to be, and sometimes even then.
Richard Adams, Watership Down|The full moon, well risen in a cloudless eastern sky, covered the high solitude with its light. We are not conscious of daylight as that which displaces darkness. Daylight, even when the sun is clear of clouds, seems to us simply the natural condition of the earth and air. When we think of the downs, we think of the downs in daylight, as with think of a rabbit with its fur on. Stubbs may have envisaged the skeleton inside the horse, but most of us do not: and we do not usually envisage the downs without daylight, even though the light is not a part of the down itself as the hide is part of the horse itself. We take daylight for granted. But moonlight is another matter. It is inconstant. The full moon wanes and returns again. Clouds may obscure it to an extent to which they cannot obscure daylight. Water is necessary to us, but a waterfall is not. Where it is to be found it is something extra, a beautiful ornament. We need daylight and to that extent it us utilitarian, but moonlight we do not need. When it comes, it serves no necessity. It transforms. It falls upon the banks and the grass, separating one long blade from another; turning a drift of brown, frosted leaves from a single heap to innumerable flashing fragments; or glimmering lengthways along wet twigs as though light itself were ductile. Its long beams pour, white and sharp, between the trunks of trees, their clarity fading as they recede into the powdery, misty distance of beech woods at night. In moonlight, two acres of coarse bent grass, undulant and ankle deep, tumbled and rough as a horse's mane, appear like a bay of waves, all shadowy troughs and hollows. The growth is so thick and matted that event the wind does not move it, but it is the moonlight that seems to confer stillness upon it. We do not take moonlight for granted. It is like snow, or like the dew on a July morning. It does not reveal but changes what it covers. And its low intensity---so much lower than that of daylight---makes us conscious that it is something added to the down, to give it, for only a little time, a singular and marvelous quality that we should admire while we can, for soon it will be gone again.
Sue Whitaker, Remember Remember 2nd Edition|I would need an awful lot of willpower to fight my way through the ups and downs of the road to recovery, and there might be times when I may feel a bit down and depressed, but there would be counsellors that I could talk to about how I was feeling.
Elbert Hubbard|Less than a decade after the Great Exhibition, iron as a structural material was finished—which makes it slightly odd that the most iconic structure of the entire century, about to rise over Paris, was made of that doomed material. I refer of course to the soaring wonder of the age known as the Eiffel Tower. Never in history has a structure been more technologically advanced, materially obsolescent, and gloriously pointless all at the same time.
Swami Vivekananda|If she took Po as her husband, she would be making promises about a future she couldn't yet see. For once she became his wife, she would be his forever. And, no matter how much freedom Po gave her, she would always know that it was a gift. Her freedom would be not be her own; it would be Po's to give or to withhold. That he never would withhold it made no difference. If it did not come from her, it was not really hers.
V.S. Carnes|I remember every good thing about you. Every sweet and perfect thing. And nothing else.” He touched her chin, tipped it up to look into her wet brown eyes. Even smudged, they were gorgeous. The dawning light in them filled his heart, and healed it. “Nothing else.
Vladimir Nabokov, Lolita|Lolita, light of my life, fire of my loins.My sin, my soul. Lo-lee-ta: the tip of the tongue taking a trip of three steps down the palate to tap, at three, on the teeth.Lo. Lee. Ta. She was Lo, plain Lo, in the morning, standing four feet ten in one sock. She was Lola in slacks. She was Dolly at school.She was Dolores on the dotted line. But in my arms she was always Lolita.
Janet Fitch|I hadn’t understood at the time. If sinners were so unhappy,why would they prefer their suffering? But now I knew why.Without my wounds, who was I? My scars were my face, my pastwas my life.
Munindra Misra, Eddies of Life|Do not ever fear your enemies, who attack you relentlessly, But do ever be afraid of the friends who flatter you habitually.[231]	- 4 (Thoughts)
John Henrik Clarke|Swimming has its educational value - mental, moral, and physical - in giving you a sense of mastery over an element, and of power of saving life, and in the development of wind and limb.
Julian Barnes|If anything needs to get fixed in society, it's people's consumption of other people's problems.
Lucas|My second crush,don’t know, who you are,by thinking of you,my day pass.The things, the things, the things changed,forgot the first, second begins.The second crush,my second crush,don’t know who you are,but, by thinking of you,my day pass.Who you are, i don’t know,but seeing you shed tears.My feelings drop, water stops,in my eyes.The things, the things, the things changed.I fall in love, are you goddess or what.As i came near you,my heart beat rise.Want to stop my legs,but they attracts.Like your tears attract the sand,when they are falling on land.My heart, my heart, my heart beat rise,you came, you came, you are closer to my eyes.I see tears fallen on the ground,my love rotating around you round and round.Now, you are the first,you are the last,that i told you my sweet heart.When i see you first time,it was my last time,to fall in love, my dear valentine.The second crush,my second crush,don’t know who you are,but, by thinking of you,my day pass.The things, the things, the things changed.Now, crush end,time spend,love start,now, you are my life part.:-)
Karen A. Baquiran|Listen to your intuition. When you're at a crossroad, the little voice is always talking to you. You just have to pay attention.
Andrew Hussie|Also, SKULLS. Gosh you love SKULLS. There is a good SKULL at the heart of any mystery, haunting its EVERY PAGE. That is what you always say. Or at least, it is what you always HOPE.
Mike A. Lancaster, 1.4|She was only saying what I already knew in my heart, but hearing the words spoken made it seem all the more true, all the more terrifying.Words gave concepts power. Once they were released, there was no choice but to understand them, no matter how painful they might be.
Bethany Brookbank, Write like no one is reading|I think for a time I was unsure what love meant. And now at least I AM sure that a very big part of it involves caring about someone SO much, that you find yourself using Your energy to make their life the BEST it can possibly be. And in turn they do the same for you. Until you both are strong enough to overcome whatever struggles you might have battled on your own, and also struggles you still have yet to face.
Rachel Van Dyken, The Consequence of Revenge|Midnight's the only time where you can be both in the past, present, and future.
Robert Prisig|What sort of future is coming up from behind I don't really know. But the past, spread out ahead, dominates everything in sight.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Wholehearted acceptance is a basic element of love, starting with love for ourselves, and a gateway to joy. Through the practices of loving kindness and self-compassion, we can learn to love our flawed and imperfect selves. And in those moments of vulnerability, we open our hearts to connect with each other, as well. We are not perfect, but we are enough.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Stop listening to people who don’t experience happiness, success, peace, and fulfillment themselves. Don't let them tell you what is right and wrong!
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|Once you accept your circumstances and decide to take action, you can welcome change. Change is an opportunity to form new habits and become who you are meant to be.
Kayla Severson, Nature's 1st Gem Is Green|Regardless of what path we take through space and through life, it’s important to remember that we don’t need all the answers; we just need to keep questioning… questioning everything, from the ground beneath our carpet, the carpet beneath our feet, the sky above our head, and space above the sky.
Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy|My capacity for happiness," he added, "you could fit into a matchbox without taking out the matches first
James     Baldwin|Freedom is not something that anybody can be given. Freedom is something people take, and people are as free as they want to be
Michelle Hughes, Tears of Crimson|Welcome to Tears of Crimson, the New Orleans Vampire Bar.
Nadège Richards, Deceiving Destiny|An angel kissed my strings, while I slept last night. And her rhythm broke my hunger. And I died a little less.
K.M. Golland, Discovering Stella|Maybe I am the eye candy on the team, but the only mouth I plan on melting in is hers.
Thomas Szasz|I have not lived as a woman. I have lived as a man. I've just done what I damn well wanted to, and I've made enough money to support myself, and ain't afraid of being alone.
Booboo Stewart|Linguistics is a good way of defining the culture of a brand. The vocabulary used by sports and lifestyle brands - running, fitness, training, motorsports - is all about functionality, whereas the vocabulary of the luxury business - handbags, ready-to-wear - is all about the product.
Julie Barton, Dog Medicine|One of the biggest myths debunked by science is that dogs see only in black and white. Contrary to that popular belief, dogs have dichromatic vision, meaning that they can see shades of yellow and blue.
Val Uchendu|Your purpose naturally is as unclear as your divine nature. To discover your purpose, you must reintroduce yourself to your divine nature. When you do, you'll begin to hear silent whispers directing you to your purpose.
Sun Tzu|You must not fight too often with one enemy, or you will teach him all your art of war.
Cate Blanchett|I'm a huge animal lover - I love animals to death. I've got tortoises and three dogs, and I've had a million animals in the past. I just think that we should do all we can to take care of them.
Holly Black, The Coldest Girl in Coldtown|Be careful," Aidan called from the bed. "You don't know what he might do." "We all know what you'd do, though, don't we?
James     Baldwin, The Fire Next Time|Perhaps the whole root of our trouble, the human trouble, is that we will sacrifice all the beauty of our lives, will imprison ourselves in totems, taboos, crosses, blood sacrifices, steeples, mosques, races, armies, flags, nations, in order to deny the fact of death, which is the only fact we have.
Shannon L. Alder|God doesn't hand you an easy life because you will grow in it. He hands you a dream with hurdles, obstacles, setbacks, battles and challenges because he knows the real you is at the finishing line.
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr.|Love who you are, embrace who you are. Love yourself. When you love yourself, people can kind of pick up on that: they can see confidence, they can see self-esteem, and naturally, people gravitate towards you.
Jodi Picoult, Sing You Home|She didn't like it when religious folks looked down on her for being an atheist; but to be honest, I didn't see how this was any different from the way she looked down on people for being Christians.
Roshan Sharma|The greatest service, you can do, to the existence, is serving yourself. If you serve yourself and take care of, yourself, anything that comes out of you, will add meaning and beauty to life.
Virginia Woolf, Virginia Woolf|I ransack public libraries, and find them full of sunk treasure.
Vaibhav Garg|Life is not a race.....not a struggle,& bla bla ....We make it a race , struggle.It's we to decide how should it be. Actually Life is Present & the choices we choose in past.
Gloria Steinem, My Life on the Road|I myself cried when I got angry, then became unable to explain why I was angry in the first place. Later I would discover this was endemic among female human beings. Anger is supposed to be "unfeminine" so we suppress it -until it overflows. I could see that not speaking up made my mother feel worse. This was my first hint of the truism that depression is anger turned inward; thus women are twice as likely to be depressed. My mother paid a high price for caring so much, yet being able to do so little about it. In this way, she led me toward am activist place where she herself could never go.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|Have mountain moving faith in yourself & the universe!Don't talk about the problem, TALK TO THE PROBLEM! Command it to go away & IT WILL GO!When you believe from your heart & soul you can achieve any goal!
Auliq Ice|Though you should still let her do what she wants, don't let her take total control of you or you won't be making the most of your experience.
Alice Bag|For most of the process, nothing but faith, fueled by your own stubbornness, will be pulling you along. The work that you've done on the book so far won't be much comfort, because so much of it will be insufferable crap, until the very last moment, when you figure out how to fix it and everything comes together.
Steven Cuoco|Once you eliminate the persona that was created to survive. The real you will have permission to come forward, and enjoy the life that is meant to thrive.
Eleanor   Clark, The Oysters of Locmariaquer|All men are hungry. They always have been. They must eat, and when they deny themselves the pleasures of carrying out that need, they are cutting off part of their possible fullness, their natural realization of life, whether they are poor or rich.
Roger Rosenblatt|Truth, they say, is but too often in difficulties, but is never finally suppressed.
Jay E. Adams, How to Overcome Evil|Love is not first a feeling. Though the feelings come later and grow thick in the basic loam of love, they don't constitute the sum and substance of love. Love is doing whatever good God says you must do for another, to please God, whether (at first) it pleases you or not. You must do so because He says so; and you don't wait until you feel like doing so. Love begins with obedience toward God in which one gives to another whatever the other needs. Love is not a gooey, sticky sentimental thing; it is hard to love. Often it hurts to love. Love meant going to the cross through the garden of Gethsemane. Christ did not feel like dying for your sins, Christian, but He did so nonetheless. The Scriptures teach that he endured the cross while focusing on the subsequent joy that it would bring.
Ellen Hopkins, Tricks|Home...Home....the word,...has...no...meaning
Lundy Bancroft, Why Does He Do That?: Inside the Minds of Angry and Controlling Men|The central attitudes driving Rambo are:Strength and aggressiveness are good; compassion and conflict resolution are bad.Anything that could be even remotely associated with homosexuality, including walking away from possible violence or showing any fear or grief, has to be avoided at any cost.Femaleness and femininity (which he associates with homosexuality) are inferior. Women are here to serve men and be protected by them.Men should never hit women, because it is unmanly to do so. However, exceptions to this rule can be made for my own partner if her behavior is bad enough. Men need to keep their women in line.You are a thing that belongs to me, akin to a trophy.
Kyuugou, ACID TOWN|The only honorable, desirable kind of fear that shouldn't be feared is the fear of harm on a loved one. It's the kind of fear that leads to self-sacrifice and the kind of fear where you would truly jump in front of a bus to save another.
Amy J. Murphy, Allies and Enemies: Rogues|In that moment, she hated his quiet patient tone, hated the stench of the incense, and hated the beauteous pity painted on the faces of the women on the walls. Their expressions contained serene understanding; their eyes seemed able to peer into her soul. She found their forgiveness suffocating. And above all, she hated the tiny niggling thing in her that wanted to know more.
Amy Schumer, The Girl with the Lower Back Tattoo|Our life together's like a tale with a happy end, no matter what turns it took in the way.
Paul Collier, The Bottom Billion: Why the Poorest Countries Are Failing and What Can Be Done About It|Elections determine who is in power, but they do not determine how power is used.
S.A. Tawks, The Spirit of Imagination|Once you open up a secret, it starts leaking out all over.
David  Bowles, Along the River: An Anthology of Voices from the Rio Grande Valley|It was not enough that food aplenty was within Man’s grasp: he wanted more.It was not enough that prey surrendered themselves to Man according to the natural order: Man wanted to cook his prey. Man had discovered fire when lightning stuck and set a tree or two alight, but he was clumsy and greedy and stupid and could not keep the flame alive
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|we are simply inviting ourselves to interface with this moment in full awareness, with the intention to embody as best we can an orientation of calmness, mindfulness, and equanimity right here and right now.
Salman Rushdie, The Satanic Verses|He knew that his father had finally run hard enough and long enough to wear down the frontiers between the worlds, he had run clear out of his skin and into the arms of his wife, to whom he had proved, once and for all, the superiority of his love. Some migrants are happy to depart.
Robert Anton Wilson, The Earth Will Shake: The History of the Early Illuminati|I'm sorry There are some jokes you cannot understand until you have been a fool many, many years and thought yourself finally cured and then found out that you had just become a different kind of fool.
J.R.R. Tolkien, Tolkien on Fairy-stories|Fairy tales and folk tales are for children and childlike people, not because they are little and inconsequential, but because they are as enormous as life itself.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|When your race on earth is finally over and your time has completely disappeared, what will continue to live on in the lives of others are the products you were able to produce from your invested time.
Santosh Kalwar|Life does not change if you only modify the content, your life will change if you will dare to alter the context.
Gugu Mbatha-Raw|I don't think that much about my relationship with my mother and what it did to me. I sometimes feel terrible regret about her, what her life must have been like. Often, when I'm enjoying something, I think of how meager her rewards were and how much courage, in a way, she needed to go on living.
Katie Beitz, The Shadow Miner|That dandy, the sky, enters blue-suitedsun like a scotch in hand.
Brenda Joyce, The Stolen Bride|She tugged warningly on his shirt. "I am serious! Are you going to marry me, Sean? Finally?"He smiled, and the light of his smile filled his eyes. "Damn it, Elle! Will you not let me take the lead? Ladies do not propose marriage!"~Sean O'Neill & Eleanor de Warenne
Lois Greiman, Unmanned|I'd love to go out with you, but I'd hate to deprive some village of its idiot.
Edith E. Searell|A mighty fortress is our God, and in Him we are safe for time and for eternity. Shall we murmur if we have less of time than we expected? The less of time, the more of heaven. The briefer life, earlier mortality.
Yukio Mishima|If you're ashamed to stand by your colours, you better seek for another flag.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I do not know the details of tomorrow, but I have a hope for a better tomorrows.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Armageddon in Retrospect|For Socrates, all virtues were forms of knowledge. To train someone to manage an account for Goldman Sachs is to educate him or her in a skill. To train them to debate stoic, existential, theological, and humanist ways of grappling with reality is to educate them in values and morals. A culture that does not grasp the vital interplay between morality and power, which mistakes management techniques for wisdom, which fails to understand that the measure of a civilization is its compassion, not its speed or ability to consume, condemns itself to death. Morality is the product of a civilization, but the elites know little of these traditions. They are products of a moral void. They lack clarity about themselves and their culture. They can fathom only their own personal troubles. They do not see their own bases or the causes of their own frustrations. They are blind to the gaping inadequacies in our economic, social, and political structure and do not grasp that these structures, which they have been taught to serve, must be radically modified or even abolished to stave off disaster. They have been rendered mute and ineffectual. “What we cannot speak about” Ludwig Wittgenstein warned “we must pass over in silence.
Alejandro Junger|Some people smoked crack in alleyways. Franny ate chocolate. On the scale of things, it seemed entirely reasonable.
Malcolm X|Just as the soul fills the body, so God fills the world. Just as the soul bears the body, so God endures the world. Just as the soul sees but is not seen, so God sees but is not seen. Just as the soul feeds the body, so God gives food to the world.
Sherwood Anderson, A Story Teller's Story|If America is to be strong in the future, Americans must see America as home, not divided by race or region. Build American jobs for the future and come together with compassion to solve problems.
Anne Bishop, Murder of Crows|The courtyard kept changing, dazzling her with the flowers that bloomed between one day and the next, with the bare branches of trees that were swollen with the buds of new leaves and then fuzzed with green. Every day, she drove a familiar road through a new place.
Rachel Hawthorne|I don't want you to change, Bridgette. I'm not in love with who you could be, or who you used to be, or who the world says you should be. I'm in love with you. Right now. Just like this.
Terry Pratchett, Going Postal|Miss Dearheart gave him a very brief look, and shook her head. There was movement under the table, a small fleshy kind of noise and the drunk suddenly bent forward, colour draining from his face. Probably only he and Moist heard Miss Dearheart purr: ‘What is sticking in your foot is a Mitzy “Pretty Lucretia” four-inch heel, the most dangerous footwear in the world. Considered as pounds per square inch, it’s like being trodden on by a very pointy elephant. Now, I know what you’re thinking: you’re thinking, “Could she press it all the way through to the floor?” And, you know, I’m not sure about that myself. The sole of your boot might give me a bit of trouble, but nothing else will. But that’s not the worrying part. The worrying part is that I was forced practically at knifepoint to take ballet lessons as a child, which means I can kick like a mule; you are sitting in front of me; and I have another shoe . Good, I can see you have worked that out. I’m going to withdraw the heel now.’There was a small ‘pop’ from under the table. With great care the man stood up, turned and, without a backward glance, lurched unsteadily away.‘Can I bother you?’ said Moist. Miss Dearheart nodded, and he sat down, with his legs crossed. ‘He was only a drunk,’ he ventured.‘Yes, men say that sort of thing,’ said Miss Dearheart.
Nikki Rowe|She made struggle look beautiful; so much, even darkness feared her light
Joyce Meyer|Yes, we're still five little people with a noisy attitude.
Hannibal Buress|I drink a lot of Body Armor - it's a sports drink. It offers great hydration, and it's the best before/after drink for workouts. Orange mango is my favorite. Strawberry banana is a close second.
Karl Von Frisch, Bees: Their Vision, Chemical Senses and Language|The bee's life is like a magic well: the more you draw from it, the more it fills with water
Mark Twain, Mark Twain in Hawaii: Roughing It in the Sandwich Islands: Hawaii in the 1860s|It was such ecstacy to dream, and dream - till you got a bite.A scorpion bite. Then the first duty was to get up out of the grass and kill the scorpion; and the next to bathe the bitten place with alcohol or brandy; and the next to resolve to keep out of the grass in the future. Then came an adjournment to the bedchamber and the pastime of writing up the day's journal with one hand and the destruction of mosquitoes with the other - a whole community of them at a slap. Then, observing an enemy approaching - a hairy tarantula on stilts - why not set the spittoon on him? It is done, and the projecting ends of his paws give a luminous idea of the magnitude of his reach. Then to bed and become a promenade for a centipede with forty-two legs on a side and every foot hot enough to burn a whole through a raw-hide. More soaking with alcohol, and a resolution to examine the bed before entering it, in future. Then wait, and suffer, till all the mosquitoes in the neighborhood have crawled in under the bar, then slip out quickly, shut them in and sleep peacefully on the floor till morning. Meantime, it is comforting to curse the tropics in occasional wakeful intervals.
pleasefindthis, I Wrote This For You|Because we all need to believe in movies, sometimes.
Qiu Miaojin, Last Words from Montmartre|You'd be surprised how rare loyalty is, sometimes.
Bruce Crown, Forlorn Passions|My mother's mother came to this country in the usual way--she got on a boat with other immigrants and sailed from Sicily. She wasn't one of them, however: neither tired nor poor or part of any huddled mass. Instead, she traveled alone, with her money in one sock and a knife in the other, coming to the new world with an old world motive--to murder the man that had left her for America.
Marie Rutkoski, The Winner's Curse|Honor was never taking the easy way when it was also the wrong one. Never telling a falsehood unless the truth was painful and unnecessary, or a lie was necessary to save others. Never manipulating the truth to serve only yourself. Protecting the weak and helpless; standing fast even when fear made you weak. Keeping your word.
Aaron Swartz|Why does IPCA use them if they’re evil?” he asked, confused.“They aren’t evil. They aren’t even really immoral, per se. They’re amoral. They don’t operate on the same level that we do. For a faerie, the only thing that matters is what they want. That’s their good. Anything else is superfluous. So like how they kidnap people, not a big deal—they want the person, they take him. Or killing someone. If you live forever, how much does one mortal life matter in the scheme of things? When you exist outside time, cutting off the forty years a person has left is a non-issue. They don’t even notice.
Norman Mailer|Ultimately a hero is a man who would argue with the gods, and so awakens devils to contest his vision. The more a man can achieve, the more he may be certain that the devil will inhabit a part of his creation.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With persistent perseverance, you can break through any barrier.
Victoria Laurie, Sense of Deception|I immersed myself in my relationship with my husband, in little ways at first. Dutch would come home from his morning workout and I’d bring him coffee as he stepped out of the shower. He’d slip into a crisp white shirt and dark slacks and run a little goop through his hair, and I’d eye him in the mirror with desire and a sultry smile that he couldn’t miss. He’d head to work and I’d put a love note in his bag—just a line about how proud I was of him. How beautiful he was. How happy I was as his wife.He’d come home and cook dinner and instead of camping out in front of the TV while he fussed in the kitchen, I’d keep him company at the kitchen table and we’d talk about our days, about our future, about whatever came to mind. After dinner, he’d clear the table and I’d do the dishes, making sure to compliment him on the meal. On those weekends when he’d head outside to mow the lawn, I’d bring him an ice-cold beer. And, in those times when Dutch was in the mood and maybe I wasn’t, well, I got in the mood and we had fun.As the weeks passed and I kept discovering little ways to open myself up to him, the most amazing thing happened. I found myself falling madly, deeply, passionately, head-over-heels in love with my husband. I’d loved him as much as I thought I could love anybody before I’d married him, but in treating him like my own personal Superman, I discovered how much of a superhero he actually was. How giving he was. How generous. How kind, caring, and considerate. How passionate. How loving. How genuinely good. And whatever wounds had never fully healed from my childhood finally, at long last, formed scar tissue. It was like being able to take a full breath of air for the first time in my life. It was transformative. And it likely would save our marriage, because, at some point, all that withholding would’ve turned a loving man bitter. On some level I think I’d known that and yet I’d needed my sister to point it out to me and help me change.Sometimes it’s good to have people in your life that know you better than you know yourself.
Alexander the Great|It is the nature of the strong heart, that like the palm tree it strives ever upwards when it is most burdened.
Amber D. Tran, Moon River|I think I know so well the pain we children clutch to our chests, how it lasts our whole lifetime, with longings so large you can’t even weep. We hold it tight, we do, with each seizure of the beating heart: This is mine, this is mine, this is mine.
Rudolf Arnheim|The media "could not be policed from without and had to be policed from within.
Idries Shah, Sufi Thought and Action|Whoever knows God, does not (any longer) say “God”.
Chelsea Sedoti, The Hundred Lies of Lizzie Lovett|We have reached a censorship barrier in Infidelity, to our infinite disappointment. It won’t be Joan’s [Joan Crawford's] next picture and we are setting it aside awhile till we can think of a way of halfwitting halfwit Hayes and his legion of decency. Pictures needed cleaning up in 1932-33...but because they were suggestive and salacious. Of course the moralists now want to apply that to all strong themes—so the crop of the last two years is feeble and false, unless it deals with children.
Bethany Brand|You're human. It's one of the things humans do. Lies just spring out, even unbidden and unintended.
Andrew Smith|Until writing was invented, man lived in acoustic space: boundless, directionless, horizonless, in the dark of the mind, in the world of emotion, by primordial intuition, by terror. Speech is a social chart of this bog.
Elvis Presley|When we don't know who to hate, we hate ourselves.
Joshua David Bellin, Freefall|His eyes close, and he draws a long breath. When they open again, they’re colder than ever. “And that’s where you’d be disappointed, Lou.There is no good to be found in Death.
Irène Némirovsky, Suite Francaise|But what is certain is that in five, ten or twenty years, this problem unique to our time, according to him, will no longer exist, it will be replaced by others...Yet this music, the sound of this rain on the windows, the great mournful creaking of the cedar tree in the garden outside, this moment, so tender, so strange in the middle of war, this will never change, not this, this is forever.
Tuula Kallioniemi|I don't think my mum ever understood my love of Doctor Who. Surely her strongest memory would have been me, standing at the top of the stairs, crying about how the "jelly men" were going to get me? Sorry, Mum, for those sleepless nights, but it was with good reason they called it Terror of the Zygons.
Malti Bhojwani, Don't Think Of a Blue Ball|I am, I know I am, the use of God’s limitless opulence and supply.
Ron Suskind, The Price of Loyalty: George W. Bush, the White House, and the Education of Paul O'Neill|Magic," her mother said, "is a kind of hope. And wishes are like dreams. When we have them, we can make things change. Without, we stay the same.
E. Stanley Jones, Christ of the Mount|God already has our life plan plotted out with exacting precision and perfect timing, and sometimes we have to be patient in order to see God's promises come to pass.
Quoleena Sbrocca, Rayne: OuterSphere|I’m surprised you haven’t come to hate humans,” Rose said with hesitation. “I mean, given all that happened to you here. I’m pretty sure assimilating wasn’t easy either. You have a sort of foreign look for an American, and Americans are notorious for their xenophobia.”Zita laughed softly. “Me? Hate humans?” She darkly shook her head. “I fought in the Midnight War for thirty years, Rosie. I know what happens when people let hate make decisions for them.
Aristotle|I do the very best I know how, the very best I can, and I mean to keep on doing so until the end.
Steve Maraboli|Failure is a mindset, not a circumstance. I let my experiences strengthen me. You think I fell on my face, but I’m down here doing pushups.
Sarah Dessen, Lock and Key|Always a trade. Always a compromise. Until there wasn't anything left to bargain with, because neither one us had any clue what to do.
Vijay Kedia|Read not only between the lines, but also what is not written.
Federico García Lorca|At five in the afternoon. It was exactly five in the afternoon. A boy brought the white sheet at five in the afternoon. A frail of lime ready prepared at five in the afternoon. The rest was death, and death alone
Dorothy Day|Law students have taken over Hollywood. To them it's all about making money. They know people want to see what they've seen before. Also, remakes are places to showcase the new stars of tomorrow.
Jackie Stewart|You know what I want? The answer is, I truly don't know what I want. I don't want to do a television series. I want to do dramas as well as comedies, but I have no idea what kind or in what order. Just give me the chance at them.
Fawn M. Brodie|The sea - this truth must be confessed - has no generosity. No display of manly qualities - courage, hardihood, endurance, faithfulness - has ever been known to touch its irresponsible consciousness of power.
Lisa Carlisle, Knights of Stone: Bryce|What a surprising turn of events. He'd only come out here to question the intruder he'd spotted while watching from his stone repose. Instead, he'd found a gargoyle who needed a place to stay. Not what he'd expected.
Vitruvius|To begin with, we put the proposition: pure phenomenology is the science of pure consciousness.
Isabel Allende|I became a lesbian because of women, because women are beautiful, strong, and compassionate.
Carrie Ann Ryan, Wicked Wolf|What a trio we are: wolf, dragon and . . .” Ronan bit back the word. Shifter. He sat straighter in the saddle, raising one hand in farewell as his mount broke through the last of the boundary mists. “May the gods favor us this time, my friend. Pray Mairi Sinclair is the one.
Adhish Mazumder|Yes I have done it all. Tested the shallow waters, swam through the dangerous tides, met strangers, seen friends turn strangers, taken risks to achieve my goals, persevered to out do myself each time, rose high, fell hard, learned to climb, learned to dream and in dreaming learned to relate to reality. I have earned respect, achieved things very young, believed in my potential, questioned it too but through it all I have never stopped to aspire. I am a human and I must adapt to the changing seasons, learn new skills and master them all. Now as I stand and look up, I see a heap of laurels yet to achieve and chest of mysteries yet to resolve. I am not one in the crowd. I'll forever be the one whom they could never be
Stephen Richards, How to Get Everything You Can Imagine: Volume 1: How Mind Power Works|It does not matter if you are asking for health, for happiness, for financial wealth, or for all three. It doesn’t matter if you have no idea how this will come to you. Neither does it matter if you have no reason to expect it to.
Gene Stratton-Porter, A Girl of the Limberlost|What you are lies with you. If you are lazy, and accept your lot, you may live in it. If you are willing to work, you can write your name anywhere you choose, among the only ones who live beyond the grave in this world, the people who write books that help, make exquisite music, carve statues, paint pictures, and work for others. Never mind the calico dress, and the coarse shoes. Work at you books, and before long you will hear yesterday's tormentors boasting that they were once classmates of yours.
Stephanie Barron, Jane and the Man of the Cloth|Conversation, to take another example, is one of the common pleasures of life, but not all conversation is pleasurable. The stutterer finds talking painful, and the listener is equally pained. Persons who are inhibited in expressing feeling are not good conversationalists. Nothing is more boring than to listen to a person talk in a monotone without feeling. We enjoy a conversation when there is a communication of feeling. We have pleasure in expressing our feelings, and we respond pleasurably to another person's expression of feeling. The voice, like the body, is a medium through which feeling flows, and when this flow occurs in an easy and rhythmic manner, it is a pleasure both to the speaker and listener.
T. Greenwood, The Golden Hour|It meant nothing. Some people are like that: everything comes out like a lie. Not that they're brilliant liars, just that they're useless at telling the truth. You get left with no way to tell what's the real fake and what's the fake one.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|We are not people who touch each other carelessly; every point of contact between us feels important, a rush of energy and relief.
Maya Banks, Sweet Temptation|As we were about to cross the road, Davin suddenly grabbed my wrist and held me back a moment; a car peeled out of the driveway and roared past us. “Geez,” I gasped, and then, glancing at him curiously, I added, “Thanks.” He didn’t say anything, but slowly released my wrist. Before he completely withdrew, I took his hand and interlaced my fingers through his. He looked at me, his lips parted in surprise, but then he smiled shyly and gave my hand a squeeze as we kept walking. It gave me a feeling of nervous flutters in the best way. As we walked up to the doors, Jill and Laurel came bursting out the exit.
Mary Balogh, Simply Love|My life will be what I make it," he told her. "That is true for all of us all the time. We cannot know what the future will bring or how the events of the future will make us feel. We cannot even plan and feel any certainty that our most carefully contrived plans will be put into effect. Could I have predicted what happened to me in the Peninsula? Could you have predicted what happened to you in Cornwall? But those things happened to us nevertheless. And they changed our plans and our dreams so radically that we both might have been excused for giving up, for never planning or dreaming again, for never living again. That too is a choice we all have to make.
Anonymous|If you are loyal to your time,finally the fate will be loyal to you.
Roshan Sharma|They were afraid the longer we pretended to be human, the more human we would become.”“And who would want that?”“I didn’t think I would,” he admits. “Until I became one.”“When you…‘woke up’ in Evan?”He shakes his head and says simply, as if it’s the most obvious thing in the world, “When I woke up in you, Cassie. I wasn’t fully human until I saw myself in your eyes.”And then there are real human tears in his real human eyes, and it’s my turn to hold him while his heart breaks. My turn to see myself in his eyes.Somebody might say that I’m not the only one lying in the enemy’s arms.I am humanity, but who is Evan Walker? Human and Other. Both and neither. By loving me, he belongs to no one.He doesn’t see it that way.
Scott Stabile|I can’t control my feelings, but I’m learning to have a say in how much my feelings control me.
Benjamin Disraeli|Some men have thousands of reasons why they cannot do what they want to, when all they need is one reason why they can.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment|The witch-hunt narrative is a really popular story that goes like this: Lots of people were falsely convicted of child sexual abuse in the 1980s and early 1990s. And they were all victims of a witch-hunt. It just doesn’t happen to line up with the facts when you actually look at the cases themselves in detail. But it’s a really popular narrative — I think it’s absolutely fair to say that’s the conventional wisdom. It’s what most people now think is the uncontested truth, and those cases had no basis in fact. And what 15 years of painstaking trial court research (says) is that that’s not a very fair description of those cases, and in fact many of those cases had substantial evidence of abuse. The witch-hunt narrative is that these were all gross injustices to the defendant. In fact, what it looks like in retrospect is the injustices were much more often to children.
Charles Frazier, Cold Mountain|They say this war is a cloud over the land! But they make the weather and then they stand in the rain and say, ‘Shit, it’s raining!
George Burns|It's OK to have a plan, to invest in your future - for your financial security, your love life, your personal fulfillment, and even your happiness. To have personal happiness as a stated goal doesn't detract from it if you get there.
Michael Marshall Smith, Stories: All-New Tales|When you let it get personal, the cost becomes personal too. You’re opening your own heart here. You sure you want to do that?”“I’d do it for free. For the bullshit you are, and have always been.”“Disbelief is easy, Kane. It’s faith that takes courage, and character.
Sunday Adelaja|DIGNITY OF LABOR indicates that all types of jobs are respected equally, and no occupation is considered superior. Though one’s occupation for his or her livelihood involves physical work or menial labour, it is held that the job carries dignity, compared to the jobs that involve more intellect than body.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Someone needs to fight, someone needs to sacrifice, someone needs to inspire, someone needs to be a hero.
Kelly Long, Lilly's Wedding Quilt|Should I tell her of the moments of joy, the intense pleasure of holding the hand of the one you love and wishing that time would stand still?
Andy Serkis|I'm not an Adonis, that's for damn sure. I've never really thought of myself that way, and it doesn't matter to me. My favorite actors aren't Adonises. Dustin Hoffman is a flawed-looking man; he's amazing to me. Tom Hanks is flawed-looking; people love him. Same with Gene Hackman.
James Kidd|I don’t know how long we stand there holding each other. It could be ten minutes, an hour, or a day. All I know is that when I finally let go, I can breathe. I can rest. I can live knowing that my baby girl is happy. Knowing that she felt my love.
Brandon Sanderson, Warbreaker|Do I need to wriggle my breasts at you again?""No, please. I don't know if I'd be able to stand the theological debate that would follow.
H.G. Wells, The Wife of Sir Isaac Harman|The thing they wanted they called the Vote, but that demand so hollow, so eyeless, had all the terrifying effect of a mask. Behind that mask was a formless invincible discontent with the lot of womanhood. It wanted, — it was not clear what it wanted, but whatever it wanted, all the domestic instincts of mankind were against admitting there was anything it could want.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|To save myself I must face myself, which may be the hardest of all things to face.
Kimberly Stuart, Better Together|I felt my heart warm up and become pliable in a way that I hadn't felt in far too long, and I knew in that moment that the thaw had happened because I was finally surrendering.
Derek Thompson, Hit Makers: The Science of Popularity in an Age of Distraction|Initially [my favorite books] seem to immerse me in another life, but ultimately they immerse me in me; I am looking through the window into another person’s home, but it is my face that I see in the reflection.
Bee Wilson|Food to me, in one word, is 'creativity' or 'expression.' It's simply, 'This is who I am at this point in time, and this is what I want to cook for you.'
K. Martin Beckner, A Million Doorways|You can lock a lion up in a room, if you want to, but you'll still hear it growling and clawing to get out.
Fulton J. Sheen, Philosophy of Science|Perception is the illusion that gives all matter mass," The Flight of the Eagle A.K. Luthienne
Debasish Mridha|Try to understand, analyze and find the truth before believing.
Louis Bacon|Environmental concerns and feminism are locked together. Generally, women have closer connections to the organic nature of our lives.
Amy Lane, Hammer & Air|Haven't you noticed most of your fairy tales take place in the woods?” a man a few feet from me says. He stutters and lets a belch escape him. “That's why we're out here. We were hoping Jimmi would bring enough damsels for us all, though!
Chance The Rapper|Men secretly respect a woman who is strong, has confidence and has dreams of her own. There's nothing more attractive to a man than a woman who has dignity and pride in who she is.
Sheri Webber, Dawn Rising|After all, what else did we have going for us? Nothing, except we ran like crazy and stuck together. Humans are among the most comunal and cooperative of all primates; our sole defense in a fang-filled world was our solidarity, and there's no reason to think we suddently disbanded our most crucial challenge, the hunt for food. I remembered what the Seri Indians told Scott Carrier after the sun had set on their persistence-hunting days. "It was better before," a Seri elder lamented. "We did everything as a family. The whole community was a family. We shared everything and cooperated, but now there is a lot of arguing and bickering, every man for himself."  Running didn't just make the Seris a people...it also made them better people.
Sheri S. Tepper, The Gate to Women's Country|He held up his hands in surrender. “I’m not here to start trouble. I am just doing some research for my thesis.”“If you don’t get out of this bar, you are going to be writing your thesis via Ouija board.
James     Baldwin, Giovanni's Room|Sometimes, when he was not near me, I thought, I will never let him 'Touch' me again. Then, when he 'Touched' me, I thought, it doesn't matter, it is only the body, it will soon be over. When it was over, I lay in the dark and listened to his breathing and dreamed of the 'Touch' of hands, of Giovanni's hands, or anybody's hands, hands which would have the power to crush me and make me whole again.
Linda Howard, Mr. Perfect|Nice is good. It doesn’t sound exciting, but think about it. I think Mr. Perfect would be kind to kids and animals, help old ladies across the street, not insult you when your opinion is different from his. Being nice is so important it’s close to being number one.
Douglas Wynne, Steel Breeze|It is no longer just engineers who dominate our technology leadership, because it is no longer the case that computers are so mysterious that only engineers can understand what they are capable of. There is an industry-wide shift toward more "product thinking" in leadership--leaders who understand the social and cultural contexts in which our technologies are deployed.Products must appeal to human beings, and a rigorously cultivated humanistic sensibility is a valued asset for this challenge. That is perhaps why a technology leader of the highest status--Steve Jobs--recently credited an appreciation for the liberal arts as key to his company's tremendous success with their various i-gadgets.
Jonathan Martin, Prototype: What Happens When You Discover You're More Like Jesus Than You Think?|We are not defined by the things we accumulate, but by the memories we impart.
Donny Miller, Beautiful People with Beautiful Feelings|The next time you feel really good, just keep feeling that way for the rest of your life.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading 3|Life's a battlefield, and we remain loyal to those who fight for us; those who'd die for us.
Erica Lindquist, Whisperworld|Nice work," I commented drily. "How old was that littlest one? Five? Did she put up a terrible fight?""I feared for my life," Zach said with a perfectly straight face. "You must be bored, Julia. You usually have a sharper sense of humor than that.""Eat thorns.""Well, it is about lunch time. Let's go grab a bite.
Michael Crichton, The Lost World|A session of boasting won't attract any real friends.  It will set you up on a pedestal, however, making you a clearer target.
Jimmy Iovine|I knew in my heart that I wasn't cool, but I figured I could at least be cool by association.
James Morcan, GENIUS INTELLIGENCE: Secret Techniques and Technologies to Increase IQ|Higher intelligence is not necessarily something you’re born with or genetically predisposed toward. In fact, most instances of above-the-ordinary intelligences are usually acquired thru superior learning techniques ... Reading about the greatest minds in history, including recent history, more often than not reveals the individuals concerned (or people close to them) employed specific learning methods.
Goitsemang Mvula|Flames entered the room like dancers, orange-colored and whirring.
Tarif Naaz|It is very difficult to convince a person to come out of his conversative shell, unless he doesn't feel discomfort there.
Lucille Ball|I had just been promoted to the first rugby team. It was a perfect, wonderful coming of age. My brother was already in the team, and my father had come to watch us. We went home, and my father died in front of me. Horribly, in about half an hour. He had a heart attack.
Glenn Greenwald|For forty years, I have devoted myself to the cause of the people's revolution with but one aim in view - the elevation of China to a position of freedom and equality among the nations.
S.J. Watson|The rest of them looked proper when they did it, but somehow Edward made even this gesture appear like in seconds he'd rip off her corset and do away with her skirt.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Mary Shelley's Frankenstein|I need not describe the feelings of those whose dearest ties are rent by that most irreparable evil, the void that presents itself to the soul, and the despair that is exhibited on the countenance. It is so long before the mind can persuade itself that she whom we saw everyday and whose very existence appeared a part of our own can have departed forever - that the brightness of a beloved eye can have been extinguished and the sound of a voice so familiar and dear to the ear can be hushed, never more to be heard. (...) The time at length arrives when grief is rather an indulgence than a necessity; and the smile that plays upon the lips, although it may be deemed a sacrilege, is not banished.
Julie Andrews Edwards, Home: A Memoir of My Early Years|The CIO is that one leader who can see everything that is happening within the organization," says Victor Fetter, CIO of LPL Financial. "The CIO looks at every transaction and every customer service experience that takes place on the digital platform. With that unique perspective, the CIO understand where efficiency is happening and where it is not. The position, at its most basic level, has moved from someone who just accepted the way things were, to someone who uses that visibility to create aha moments for all leaders across the organization.
M.L. Stedman|True peace is not found in external circumstances, but within ones own heart.
Lindsey Graham|From year to year, environmental changes are incremental and often barely register in our lives, but from evolutionary or geological perspectives, what is happening is explosive change.
Conrad Burns|If a man consults whether he is to fight, when he has the power in his own hands, it is certain that his opinion is against fighting.
Lady Sophia Fermor, Woman Not Inferior to Man: Or, a Short and Modest Vindication of the Natural Right of the Fair-Sex to a Perfect Equality of Power, Dignity and Esteem with the Men|(...) How many ladies have there been, and still are, who deserve place among the learned; and who are more capable of teaching the sciences than those who now fill most of the university chairs? The age we live in has produced as many, as any heretofore (...) And as our sex, when it applies to learning, may be said at least to keep pace with the Men, so are they more to be esteem'd for their learning than the latter: Since they are under a necessity of surmounting the softness they were educated in (...) to which cruel custom seem'd to condemn them; to overcome the external impediments in their way to study; and to conquer the disadvantageous notions, which the vulgar of both sexes entertain of learning in Women. (...) it is self-evident, that many of our sex have far outstript the Men. Why then are we not as fit to learn and teach the sciences, at least to our own sex, as they fancy themselves to be?
Alyson Noel, Shadowland|While we may judge things as good or bad, karma doesn't. It's a simple case of like gets like, the ultimate balancing act, nothing more, nothing less. And if you're deteremined to fix every situation you deem as bad, or difficult, or somehow unsavory, then you rob the person of their own chance to fix it, learn from it, or even grow from it. Some things, no matter how painful, happen for a reason. A reason you or I may not be able to grasp at first sight, not without knowing a person's entire life story—their cumulative past. And to just barge in and interfere, no matter how well-intentioned, would be akin to robbing them of their journey. Something that's better not done.
Kristen Ashley, Heaven and Hell|There are very few, very fuckin' few people, Kia, who get what's precious in this world. They work their asses off for pure shit and think they'd fight and die to keep it. You don't fight and die for shit. You fight and die for things that matter. You are the first woman I've met outside a life that leads you to understand that shit who gets that. And straight up, baby, you gotta know, I like that a fuckuva lot.
Andrea Randall, In the Stillness|For the hundredth time, he examined his face in the bathroom mirror, patiently touched every scratch with the styptic pencil, and repowdered them. He ministered to his face and hands objectively, as if they were not a part of himself. When his eyes met the staring eyes in the mirror, they slipped away as they must have slipped away, Guy thought, that first afternoon on the train, when he had tried to avoid Bruno’s eyes.
Horace Walpole|Tall, aren't you?" she said. "I didn't mean to be."Her eyes rounded. She was puzzled. She was thinking. I could see, even on that short acquaintance, that thinking was always going to be a bother to her.
Margaret Thatcher|I had some money, I made the best paintings ever. I was completely reclusive, worked a lot, took a lot of drugs. I was awful to people.
Ann Brashares, My Name Is Memory|Love who you love while you have them. That's all you can do. Let them go when you must. If you know how to love, you'll never run out.
Philip Caputo, The Longest Road: Overland in Search of America, from Key West to the Arctic Ocean|The buzz about Google these days is that it's like America itself: still the biggest game in town, but inevitably and irrevocably on the decline. Both are superpowers with unmatched resources, but both are faced with fast-growing rivals, and both will eventually be eclipsed. For America, that rival is China. For Google, it's Facebook. (This is all from tech-gossip blogs, so take it with a grain of salt. They also say a startup called MonkeyMoney is going to be huge next year.) But here's the difference: staring down the inevitable, America pays defense contractors to build aircraft carriers. Google pays brilliant programmers to do whatever they want.
Mark Allen O'Connor|What if one thing resonates with everybody, but it's not the same for anybody?
D. H. Lawrence|Good writing excites me, and makes life worth living.
Tom Stoppard, Voyage|Schelling's God is the totality of Nature struggling towards consciousness, and Man is as far as the struggle has got, with the animals not too far behind, vegetables somewhat lagging, and rocks nowhere as yet. Do we believe this? Does it matter? Think of it as a poem or a painting. Art doesn't have to be true like a theorem. It can be true in other ways. This truth says there is a meaning to it all, and Man is where the meaning begins to show.
Svend Brinkmann, Stand Firm: Resisting the Self-Improvement Craze|In our secular world, we no longer see eternal paradise as a carrot at the end of the stick of life, but try to cram as much as possible into our relatively short time on the planet instead. This is, of course, a futile endeavour, doomed to failure. It is tempting to interpret the modern epidemics of depression and burnout as the individual's response to the unbearable nature of constant acceleration. The decelerating individual - who slows down instead of speeding up, and maybe even stops completely - seems out of place in a culture characterised by manic development, and may be interpreted pathologically (i.e. diagnosed as clinically depressed).
Michael Jordan|I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|‎All my stupid little thoughts beget stupid little thoughts, rampantly speculating every possible outcome of every possible situation until they're all done to death and none of them could ever be true.
Albert Einstein|When you are watching the universe, you are watching yourself! Wherever you visit in the universe, you visit yourself!
Richelle E. Goodrich, Eena, The Return of a Queen|Eena!” 	Recognizing Ian’s voice, Eena turned to find him approaching her from behind. He was entirely clad in body armor and gauntlets, cradling an open-faced helmet in one arm. Painted on his chest plate was a flaming, gold sword. From his side hung a leather sheath, a golden hilt peeking from the top.	“I’m glad you’re back. You are going to stay and watch us play, aren’t you?” He looked hopeful she’d say yes.	Eena smiled brightly. “I didn’t know you were talented enough to be on a dueling team. Nice sword,” she t
Daniel Henderson, Old Paths, New Power: Awakening Your Church Through Prayer and the Ministry of the Word|I have concluded that the more we seek the Lord, with a passion for His worthiness, the more we are gripped with our neediness. Adoration cultivates desperation.
Elle Kennedy, Midnight Action|You're such a bastard," she sighed.	He chuckled. "Are you really insulting the man who just gave you an orgasm?
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|It was necessary that millions of men in whose hands lay the real power -- the soldiers who fired, or transported provisions and guns -- should consent to carry out the will of these weak individuals...
Akilnathan Logeswaran|The more people I am able to help, the more people are willing to help others. The more followers we have, the closer we are to a perfect world.
Germany Kent|If it comes, let it come. If it goes, it's ok, let it go. Let things come and go. Stay calm, don't let anything disturb your peace, and carry on.
Auliq Ice|Laughter is like a windshield wiper, it doesn't stop the rain but allows us to keep going.
Larry P. Arnn|It is important for all of us to understand that free people are not governed by rules. Here at Hillsdale we are governed by goals, and then the rules are very broad.
Alfred Hitchcock|Fear isn't so difficult to understand. After all, weren't we all frightened as children? Nothing has changed since Little Red Riding Hood faced the big bad wolf. What frightens us today is exactly the same sort of thing that frightened us yesterday. It's just a different wolf. This fright complex is rooted in every individual.
Amit Kalantri|I don't put my ideas in a meeting for acceptance or rejection, I put them in the market for success or failure.
Christy Romano|Satire is fascinating stuff. It's deadly serious, and when politics begin to break down, there is a drift towards satire, because it's the only thing that makes any sense.
Terry Pratchett, The Color of Magic|Possession of the box conferred a kind of power on the wielder--which was that anyone, confronted with the hypnotic glass eye, would submissively obey the most peremptory orders about stance and expression.
Debasish Mridha|If you are not thinking differently, you are not exercising your freedom.
Anthony T. Hincks|..."I Love You."...Means the same to me now as it did when I first said it to you.
Roger Wilkins|When one takes action for others, one's own suffering is transformed into the energy that can keep one moving forward; a light of hope illuminating a new tomorrow for oneself and others is kindled.
Ophelia London, Abby Road|I've always had this fantasy of being at the top of a Ferris wheel with a gorgeous guy and having him kiss me.""Really? That's your fantasy?""One of them." She narrowed her eyes, but it didn't diminish their light."And I fit the bill?" he said, unable to stop himself from moving his stare to her mouth. Christ, he wasn't expecting her to say any of that, but now that she had, he had the urge to fulfill all her fantasies."You asked." She shrugged and started to turn away.He caught her jaw and tilted it up to his. "Do you want me to kiss you?"Long, dark eyelashes reached the arch of her brows. "We shouldn't""That's not what I asked."She squirmed, her breath caught."Yes," she whispered.
Catherine Maguire, Tending to your Inner Garden, A Woman's Journey Towards Wholeness|I have enormous respect for the reader. They are able to take symbols from a page that an author has invented, and turn them into images in their minds that create an enduring story. If that’s not artistry, I don’t know what is.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|I don’t want to think about things like normal and safe, things I can’t have.
Deyth Banger|(There are so many If's like Why's, why there, if there... but why?? Look again I say this word!)Why do we ask questions which we aren't interested in real like "How are you", you answer, then the other "Oh, I'm also well" or "Why??", so, so, so and that's all... Then he says that, that and that and that's all so it's not about communicating as far as for sharing?? Am I right??A lot of people use "If"...But I still don't get why people say "Building" in case the action has finished, it must be something as a word and why people say "was" like "I was a smart kid", but why "was??". Why people say "I was used to like this... for now I don't watch it anymore..." why do we say this. Why??... Is it the way how it ends the humanity??This or nothing, real or lie... If I lie (Why did I lie) - WTF, if I say the truth (oh, oh, I DON'T CARE ABOUT YOUR OPINION - Take it as shouting)WTF
Laurie Nadel, Dancing with the Wind: A True Story of Zen in the Art of Windsurfing|Unraveling life lessons from just the past few years would take many more years. Lessons unlearned would pass with me, when I went through that door, to be completed in some future lifetime.
Douglas Coupland, Player One: What Is to Become of Us|Passivity is corrosive to the soul; it feeds on feelings of integrity and pride, and it can be as tempting as a drug.
Uday Mukerji, Love, Life, and Logic|Sorry’ is, indeed, one of the most difficult and most powerful words in the English language, provided one can feel and say it at the same time.
Ambrose Bierce|Sometimes I get intimidated by people, intellectuals, because I don't have a great education. The only thing I feel helps me compete with all these people, people with degrees from Harvard, that you're thrown in with and have to work with, is that I'm grounded.
Tilicia Haridat|Stars are tragic. Most of the stars are nothing but reminders of love gone horribly wrong, or men challenging the gods.
Henri J.M. Nouwen|Learn the discipline of being surprised not by suffering but by joy. As we grow old, there is suffering ahead of us, immense suffering, a suffering that will continue to tempt us to think that we have chosen the wrong road. But don't be surprised by pain. Be surprised by joy, be surprised by the little flower that shows its beauty in the midst of a barren desert, and be surprised by the immense healing power that keeps bursting forth like springs of fresh water from the depth of our pain.
Sharon A. Hersh, Brave Hearts: Unlocking the Courage to Love with Abandon|Her tone changed from shocked to curious. “How was it? Was it… different?”Sarah bit her lip, ashamed to be gossiping but feeling the strong urge to tell. “Yes,”she confided. “He’s nothing like John. Nothing like him at all.”“Really? What was different? Did he…?” Grace waved a hand as though erasing achalkboard. “Oh, forget it. I shouldn’t be asking this. But,” again her voice lowered, “is he tattooed everywhere?”Sarah knew it was wrong to talk about him like this, but her inner schoolgirl took over and she nodded, eager to share details. “He’s beautiful … like a stained glass window. And he’s really good with his … mouth.” She raised an eyebrow, giving Grace a significant look.Her friend gasped and giggled. “But isn’t it weird? Touching him?”“Skin is skin, Grace,” Sarah chided. “The tattoos are only on the surface, you know.He’s a man.” A sexy, vulnerable, intense, attractive, responsible, sweet, gentle and loving man.
Anthony Hitt|I never assumed I would have that commercial success, so it was a total surprise. And honestly, I never assumed that it would ever happen again.
Hal Borland|I do love the beginning of the summer hols,' said Julian. They always seem to stretch out ahead for ages and ages.''They go so nice and slowly at first,' said Anne, his little sister. 'Then they start to gallop.
Richelle Mead, Frostbite|In the real world, you can make your own miracles
Chelsea Sedoti, The Hundred Lies of Lizzie Lovett|Movies were movies, whether they were old or new. They always captivated me, pulled me into worlds where anything was possible. Worlds where there were adventures and surprises, and life was never dull.
Andre Rieu|How to play music may be known. At the commencement of the piece, all the parts should sound together. As it proceeds, they should be in harmony while severally distinct and flowing without break, and thus on to the conclusion.
Tim Relf, Stag|In that moment, I felt differently to myself yet the essence of who I really was.Like a perfect state of balance.
Julius Erving|With every book, you go back to school. You become a student. You become an investigative reporter. You spend a little time learning what it's like to live in someone else's shoes.
Madeleine L'Engle, Walking on Water: Reflections on Faith and Art|But I am a storyteller, and that involves language, for me the English language, that wonderfully rich, complex, and ofttimes confusing tongue. When language is limited, I am thereby diminished, too.
Chris Moneymaker|You discover how confounding the world is when you try to draw it. You look at a car, and you try to see its car-ness, and you're like an immigrant to your own world. You don't have to travel to encounter weirdness. You wake up to it.
John Cleese|I have too much respect for people to try to control them. But they are estranged from love, afraid to reach out and touch one another. We're afraid to appear sentimental or speak in platitudes because people will say, 'What a jerk!' It takes courage in our culture to be a lover.
Timothy Pina, Bullying Ben: How Benjamin Franklin Overcame Bullying|There is no reason to look back, when there is so much good in front of you. Always keep moving forward on your roads of life!
Carol Berg, Flesh and Spirit|On my seventh birthday, my father swore, for the first of many times, that I would die facedown in a cesspool. On that same occasion, my mother, with all the accompanying mystery and elevated language appropriate for a prominent diviner, turned her cards, screamed delicately, and proclaimed that my doom was written in water and blood and ice. As for me, from about that time and for twenty years since, I had spat on my middle finger and slapped the rump of every aingerou I noticed, murmuring the sincerest, devoutest prayer that I might prove my parents' predictions wrong. Not so much that I feared the doom itself - doom is just the hind end of living, after all - but to see the two who birthed me confounded.
Agona Apell|The conditions of writing change absolutely between the first novel and the second: the first is an adventure, the second is a duty. The first is like a sprint which leaves you exhausted and triumphant beside the track. With the second the writer has been transformed into a long-distance runner - the finishing tape is out of sight, at the end of life. He must guard his energies and plan ahead. A long endurance is more exhausting than a sprint, and less heroic.
Samuel Johnson|Knowledge is of two kinds. We know a subject ourselves, or we know where we can find information on it.
Joshua Rothman|FOR BEING A SUCESSFUL PERSON, ONE NEEDS TO HAVE KNOWLEDGE OF DIVERSIFIED FEILDS. IT WILL IMPROVE YOUR THOUGHTS AND GIVES YOU CREATIVE IDEAS. YOUR VISION WILL BE BROADER AND AIM WILL BE HIGH. WHAT IT NEEDS TO HAVE CONFIDENCE IN YOU!
Audrey Niffenegger, The Time Traveler's Wife|The apartment is a laboratory in which we conduct experiments, perform research on each other. We discover Henry hates it when I absentmindedly click my spoon against my teeth while reading the paper at breakfast. We agree that it is okay for me to listen to Joni Mitchell and it is okay for Henry to listen to the Shaggs as long as the other person isn't around. We figure out that Henry should do all the cooking and I should be in charge of laundry and neither of us is willing to vacuum so we hire a cleaning service.
James Goss, Doctor Who: Dead of Winter|At the moment, it's simply a difference of opinon between the Doctor and you.. You both want the best. You've only tried to kill him a couple of times... I mean, don't worry about that. I've seen people do much worse to him and at the end of the day he'll take them out for pizza. He's very forgiving. The Doctor is brilliant,' [said Rory]
Zilpha Keatley Snyder, The Changeling|Okay, try this on for size, Tall, Dark and Handsome. I won't be born for almost seven hundred hundred years. How's that strike you?
Nicole Y. Walters, Charis: Journey to Pandora's Jar|With every sunrise, we get to choose ... who we are, what we believe, and how we will live the life the gods have given us. We can’t always choose our circumstances. No. The Fates do that. But we can always choose who we will be and how we will be within them.
Neil A. Fiore, The Now Habit: A Strategic Program for Overcoming Procrastination and Enjoying Guilt-Free Play|So you must not think a man has lived long because he has white hair and wrinkles: he has not lived long, just existed long. For suppose you should think that a man had had a long voyage who had been caught in a raging storm as he left harbour, and carried hither and thither and driven round and round in a circle by the rage opposing winds. He did not have a long voyage, just a long tossing about.
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|The wood nymph instructors left me in the dust. They told me not to worry about it. They'd had centuries of practice running away from lovesick gods. But still, it was a little humiliating to be slower than a tree. 
Christopher J. Pumphrey, Bullet|Fiction cannot betray the truth. Though it must try"...As said by Ernest Hemingway in "Blast"...The first short story in "Bullet".
Ridley Scott|A hit for me is if I enjoy the movie, if I personally enjoy the movie.
Ansel Adams|You don't take a photograph, you make it.
David Halberstam, The Powers That Be|Like most other events that change the world, it didn't seem interesting to anyone except the people willing to do the work.
Rhonda Byrne, How The Secret Changed My Life: Real People. Real Stories.|When you change the way you think about a situation, everything connected to that situation will change.
Debasish Mridha|The practice of understanding, forgiveness, and love is the best practice for a peaceful world.
Adam Johnston|In life you get the choice, it depends on what you choose and how you live with the consequences to whether you win or lose!
Rabih Alameddine, An Unnecessary Woman|Sex, like art, can unsettle a soul, can grind a heart in a mortar. Sex, like literature, can sneak the other within one's wall, even if for only a moment, a moment before one immures oneself again.
C. Christopher Smith, Slow Church: Cultivating Community in the Patient Way of Jesus|If the good news is an invitation to a Jesus way of life and not information about somebody who accomplished something on my behalf, I’m sunk. This is law and no gospel.
DaShanne Stokes|A fool can't help but be a fool, but when others follow, he makes a fool of us all.
Toni Sorenson|If you do not direct your path, the world will. Don't ever let anyone make you go where you do not want to be.
Fidel Castro|I would encourage you to set really high goals. Set goals that, when you set them, you think they're impossible. But then every day you can work towards them, and anything is possible, so keep working hard and follow your dreams.
Nadia Bolz-Weber, Accidental Saints: Finding God in All the Wrong People|There is a reason Mary is everywhere. I've seen her image all over the world, in cafés in Istanbul, on students' backpacks in Scotland, in a market stall in Jakarta, but I don't think her image is everywhere because she is a reminder to be obedient, and I don't think it has to do with social revolution. Images of  Mary remind us of  God's favor. Mary is what it looks like to believe that we already are who God says we are.
Pattie Boyd|Creativity itself doesn't care at all about results - the only thing it craves is the process. Learn to love the process and let whatever happens next happen, without fussing too much about it. Work like a monk, or a mule, or some other representative metaphor for diligence. Love the work. Destiny will do what it wants with you, regardless.
Philip Larkin, The Whitsun Weddings|Loneliness clarifies. Here silence standsLike heat. Here leaves unnoticed thicken, Hidden weeds flower, neglected waters quicken, Luminously-peopled air ascends; And past the poppies bluish neutral distance Ends the land suddenly beyond a beach Of shapes and shingle. Here is unfenced existence: Facing the sun, untalkative, out of reach.
William Blake, Auguries of Innocence|To see a World in a Grain of Sand And a Heaven in a Wild Flower, Hold Infinity in the palm of your hand And Eternity in an hour.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|Look up, and lift up your heads; for your redemption draweth nigh.
Alicia Keys|There are two types of poor people, those who are poor together and those who are poor alone. The first are the true poor, the others are rich people out of luck.
Aloe Blacc|For the first 50 years of your life the food industry is trying to make you fat. Then, the second 50 years, the pharmaceutical industry is treating you for everything.
D. Antoinette Foy|Before you step out into the world today, remember that you will encounter people whose struggles you do not know. Remember the way a pair of eyes light up when greeted with kindness.
David Wong|Until you've got your mouth full of cocaine, you don't know what kissing is. One kiss goes on from phase to phase like one of those novels by Balzac and Zola and Romain Rolland and D. H. Lawrence and those chaps. And you never get tire. You're on fourth speed all the time, and the engine purrs like a kitten, a big white kitten with the stars in its whiskers.
A.A. Milne|The only thing worth thinking about, when I write a story, is whether I like it, whether I want to write it, whether it excites me.
G.A. Aiken, A Tale of Two Dragons|Honey, when I look at you, you're right, I don't see anything similar to those other women. But don't you see? That's what makes you so special. That's why I love you.
|if one is unfamiliar with the infinite power of the subconscious mind, then one is absolutely far from living up to one's true potential in life.
John F. MacArthur Jr.|When you choose to love someone who is no longer attractive to you, he or she will become attractive.
Tushar Upreti|ALWAYS BE HAPPY IS NOT IMPORTANT , WHAT IMPORTANT IS TO FIGHT THE STATE OF MIND WHICH MAKES US HAPPY OR UNHAPPY !!
Marcel Proust, The Captive & The Fugitive|The creation of the world did not occur at the beginning of time, it occurs every day.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|If you make it right with yourself, it will be right with the whole world.
Maria Montessori|When you talk to a human in 2035, you'll be talking to someone that's a combination of biological and non-biological intelligence.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|Hey, look — Harry’s got a Weasley sweater, too!”Fred and George were wearing blue sweaters, one with a large yellow F on it, the other a G.“Harry’s is better than ours, though,” said Fred, holding up Harry’s sweater. “She obviously makes more of an effort if you’re not family.
Abid Hussain Library Officer|More peoples getting satisfaction in wealth but real wealth is knowledge, knowledge is organized in books and books are available in the libraries.
Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|Money is good, but I prefer food, water, gold, weapon and energy.
Elif Shafak, The Forty Rules of Love|Many women have tried to compare to you, but they are only flawed imitations. You deserve the worlds admiration.
Jackie Haze, Borderless|Often I didn’t think I was cut out for the way the world is, being born into a common culture and system I would never choose for myself.
Mollie Gross, Confessions of a Military Wife|My father says there are more than twenty thousand turned out for the king. It seems that most men think that we will win, that York will be captured and killed, though the king in his tender heart has said he will forgive them all if they will surrender.~Will there be another battle?~Unless York decides he cannot face the king in person. It is one sort of sin to kill your friends and cousins, quite another to order your bowmen to fire at the king's banner and him beneath it. What if the king is killed in battle? What if York brings his broadsword down on the king's sanctified head?
Parul Wadhwa, The Masquerade|That happens in life sometimes, doesn't it? Something terrible happens and you think it's the worst thing ever and then it turns out to be the best.
Soumeet Lanka|Crazy things seem normal, normal things seem crazy.
Iris Murdoch, The Nice and the Good|But one must do something about the past. It doesn’t just cease to be. It goes on existing and affecting the present, and in new and different ways, as if in some other dimension it too were growing.
Lemony Snicket, The Ersatz Elevator|Are you ready?" Klaus asked finally."No," Sunny answered."Me neither," Violet said, "but if we wait until we're ready we'll be waiting for the rest of our lives, Let's go.
Madeline Miller, The Song of Achilles|Odysseus inclines his head. "True. But fame is a strange thing. Some men gain glory after they die, while others fade. What is admired in one generation is abhorred in another." He spread his broad hands. "We cannot say who will survive the holocaust of memory. Who knows?" He smiles. "Perhaps one day even I will be famous. Perhaps more famous than you.
Brian Herbert, House Harkonnen|Like enthusiasts in general, he made no inquiries into details of procedure.
Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games|You have a... remarkable memory.""I remember everything about you. You're the one who wasn't paying attention.
Reverend Sidney E. Slaton, Cumberland Presbyterian|To be a good pastor one must have the wisdom of a Solomon, the intuition of a Newton, the patience of Job, the thinking faculties of an Einstein, and a compassion likened unto the Son of God.
Marcus Garvey|I congratulate you, my brave countrymen and fellow soldiers, on the spirit and success with which you have executed this important part of our enterprise.
Matt      Chandler|What is absolute humility (param vinaya)? It is on the one who has not disrespected anyone in the slightest! Absolute humility lies where there is no dispute, no difference of opinion or any law. Law is bondage.
Julia Child|Vegetarians, and their Hezbollah-like splinter faction, the vegans ... are the enemy of everything good and decent in the human spirit.
Emily Dickinson|Hermes, we love you," Hades said, "but you rarely do as you're told, and you always do as you wish, and I haven't the slightest idea what you'd do with an immortality fruit, but I'm sure it would be both creative and disastrous.
Stevie Nicks|Fads are the kiss of death. When the fad goes away, you go with it.
David Brier|And while a brand is so much more than a company’s logo, the logo is one of the key ambassadors to any brand.
Anna C. Salter|He wasn't yours to get hurt by. He was someone else's and you knew that, so why are you offended? What right do you have to be hurt when you were a part of the deception (lying by omission)?
Lailah Gifty Akita|A life live with God in the center of our being, overflows with joy.
Baruch Spinoza|The strength of the United States is not the gold at Fort Knox or the weapons of mass destruction that we have, but the sum total of the education and the character of our people.
James Carroll|If you want to know someone's story, they have to tell it aloud. But every time, the telling is a little but different. It's new, even to me.
A.W. Tozer|God is beautiful. His beauty demands a response that is shaped that beauty, and that is art.
Sri Jibankrishna or Diamond|Predict the predictable, it sounds something strange and difficult, but so far is stupid. To predict the predictable is the stupid thing ever done by human kind.
Simon  Palmer|I liked the idea of a person shedding their life, and someone else putting it on. -Oliver Harris on writing The Hollow Man for Crime Time online magazine
Michelle Franklin|Tea was the great arbiter of many things, and for Pastaddams, his morning cup meant the difference between expressing rational thought and succumbing to the ineptitude that occupied recesses of his dormant mind. Merely having the cup in his hand facilitated the flow of ideas, and upon tea, the great nourishment of the tailor’s life, rested all his claims to rational dependence.
David Hoffmeister, Quantum Forgiveness: Physics, Meet Jesus|In this book, I have selected seven quantum movies that carry direct healing messages. These movies are powerful because they clearly depict the truth of Jesus’ spiritual teachings from A Course in Miracles; they contain the same deep wisdom, light, and love that Jesus demonstrated. Quantum movies propel us into a direct experience that is aligned with the world-changing perspective of quantum physics. The profound lessons from these movies are directly relevant to the core concerns of life; they are helping us to see all of the ego’s myriad tricks—the belief in history, ambitions, goals, outcomes, and so forth. The Holy Spirit is now using Hollywood to reach the sleeping mind! Holy Spirit has infiltrated Hollywood!This book is our prayer to Spirit: Make everything new! Show us the world anew—fresh, clean, and clear! Then we have nothing to worry about. When we trust, listen to, and follow Spirit, it is game over for the ego. Game over for worry, sadness, and anxiety. As Jesus says in the Course, “Trust would settle every problem now!” Happiness is Who We Are Now!
Miranda Kerr|Women have been called queens for a long time, but the kingdom given them isn't worth ruling.
Christina Rossetti|Our forces saved the remnants of the Jewish people of Europe for a new life and a new hope in the reborn land of Israel. Along with all men of good will, I salute the young state and wish it well.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If a flower perseveres through concrete, you can persevere through anything.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The impeccable watchmaker geared the noble self to suffer. The ineluctable part of being human is perpetual sorrow, grief, and misery. Suffering is part of living. Life begins joyously and regretfully ends in tragedy. The cold realities of the world triumphantly crush each one of us. Between birth and death is comedic conjugation, the haunting prelude to the end of the self.
Hadi Farnoud|if you may edit, edit yourself
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|A good man will never harm or oppress another. A good man will share his last morsel of food with others in need, and die of hunger when he no longer has any food -- instead of cheat or steal from others to survive. Selflessness. Humility. Truthfulness. These are the three marks of an honorable man.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|Place a weapon in the hands ofGreed, hatred, especially of ignoranceYou've created innocent deathsThat wasn't neccasary
Margaret Clarkson, Destined for Glory: The Meaning of Suffering|If God has entrusted us with suffering, let us set our hearts and minds to work together with Him to enable Him to bring out of our trials all the glory He longs us to know.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|True beauty is measured by the number of pearls within you, not those around your neck.
Walter Mondale|Relationships like this are built on honesty and trust. If you don't trust me-trust me to know how I'm affecting you, how far I can go with you, how far I can take you-if you can't be honest with me, then we really can't do this.
Sheng Wang|Why do people say "grow some balls"? Balls are weak and sensitive. If you wanna be tough, grow a vagina. Those things can take a pounding.
Charlotte Eriksson|And you might try to hide or protect yourself, or compare the different states of love,but you must not grow up, must not act wise when it comes to love.You must stay foolish and fall for every heart will beat in different ways together with yours and love is not meant to be compared, only enjoyed, and suffered, and remembered.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|The only thing worse than having a party that no one attends is having a party attended only by two vastly, deeply uninteresting people.
Ramana Maharshi|Life is a travelling to the edge of knowledge, then a leap taken.
Linus Roache|I want to do what I love, which is act, and hopefully through that, leave a positive impact somehow, someway, with somebody.
Dan Simmons|My mother was an English teacher who decided to become a math teacher, and she used me as a guinea pig at home. My father had been a math teacher and then went to work at a steel mill because, frankly, he could make more money doing that.
Nathan Squiers, Death Metal|Brian came in heavy at that moment on his guitar, the rapid, high-pitched squeal ranging back and forth as his fingers flew along the frets. As the intro's tempo grew more rapid, Bekka heard Derek's subtle bass line as it worked its way in. After another few seconds Will came in, slow at first, but racing along to match the others' pace. When their combined efforts seemed unable to get any heavier, David jumped into the mix.As the sound got nice and heavy, Bekka began to rock back-and-forth onstage. In front of her, hundreds of metal-lovers began to jump and gyrate to their music. She matched their movements for a moment, enjoying the connection that was being made, before stepping over to the keyboard that had been set up behind her. Sliding her microphone into an attached cradle, she assumed her position and got ready. Right on cue, all the others stopped playing, throwing the auditorium into an abrupt silence. Before the crowd could react, however, Bekka's fingers began to work the keys, issuing a rhythm that was much softer and slower than what had been built up. The audience's violent thrash-dance calmed at that moment and they began to sway in response.Bekka smiled to herself.This is what she lived for.
Katie Reus, Shattered Duty|Well?" he prompted, toying with the elastic of her leggings. "What should we do with these pants, Bailey?"One teasing stroke of his fingers over her belly, and a breath shuddered out of her lungs."Take them off," she choked out.
Guy Fieri|I try and stay positive; being negative isn't good for my personality. I don't just bring myself down, I bring everyone around me down. It's like a dark cloud, 'Uh oh, here we go,' and have to snap out of it.
Margaret Thatcher|One of my earliest memories is of seeing my mother in her beach chair, reading a book under an umbrella by the water's edge while my sisters and I played beside her. Of all the life lessons she taught me, that is one of my favorites: to take time at a place I love, restore my spirit with books and the beach.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett|I live to inspire, not start the fire.
Marion Jones|The connections between and among women are the most feared, the most problematic, and the most potentially transforming force on the planet.
Pearl Zhu, Thinkingaire: 100 Game Changing Digital Mindsets to Compete for the Future|Genius is not the one who gives answers, it's the one who asks the questions.
Marielle Arias Cleofe|At this age, all we need to do is to "WAIT" in our love life.Set your priorities, Endeavor your goals!
Shirin Dubbin, To the Fifth Power|Not many people understood the inherent pain of a career in heroics. Your body aches from the demands of day-to-day protection. Your mind whirs with the things you did wrong, the ways you could’ve done better, the scores of citizens you didn’t save. And when you lose someone you love, when their blood forms a puddle beneath your cheek while you watch… Your name, Watcher, becomes the cruelest agony of all.
Colleen Chen, Dysmorphic Kingdom|Vesper felt herself turning red with humiliation. Then she looked at Allegra—really looked at her. Maybe she’d had such a problem with people not seeing her because she wasn’t seeing them. Did Allegra’s mask of rage hide pain and doubt that anyone would ever truly love her? She thought that it just might. Vesper didn’t quite feel compassion, but she no longer took Allegra’s behavior personally.
Dick Sederquist, Inside and Outside: Messages of Hope from a Life Long Hiker and Depression Survivor|People ask me how to start writing. I tell them that 'Creating Creates Creativity'. Put your notes and outline aside. Start with one anecdote or conversation, and that will lead to another and another. It's the steps, the path, not the final destination that drives the process or writing.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|The character of Moses, as stated in the Bible, is the most horrid that can be imagined. If those accounts be true, he was the wretch that first began and carried on wars on the score or on the pretence of religion; and under that mask, or that infatuation, committed the most unexampled atrocities that are to be found in the history of any nation. Of which I will state only one instance:When the Jewish army returned from one of their plundering and murdering excursions, the account goes on as follows (Numbers xxxi. 13): 'And Moses, and Eleazar the priest, and all the princes of the congregation, went forth to meet them without the camp; and Moses was wroth with the officers of the host, with the captains over thousands, and captains over hundreds, which came from the battle; and Moses said unto them, 'Have ye saved all the women alive?' behold, these caused the children of Israel, through the counsel of Balaam, to commit trespass against the Lord in the matter of Peor, and there was a plague among the congregation of the Lord. Now therefore, 'kill every male among the little ones, and kill every woman that hath known a man by lying with him; but all the women- children that have not known a man by lying with him, keep alive for Yourse
Venus Williams|Most women file for bankruptcy in the aftermath of a serious medical problem, a job loss, or a family break up. It is hard to protect against those.
Michael Buble|I think the best thing for you to do is just live your life. Live a life that's worth living, one where you do what you want to do, pursue your passions. That way, if you meet someone, they'll be joining a life that's already really good.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Dandelions: The Disappearance of Annabelle Fancher|I made a sorry face in response to such strong insistence, but I couldn’t believe him. Fantasies were exactly that..…..fantasies. Whimsy. Wishes. Mere castles in the sky without foundation or substance. Dreams didn’t come true. To believe so would be to believe falsely, to surrender to madness, to give in to an unreliable hope that would crush me once again as it always, always did!
William Golding, Lord of the Flies|Ralph chose the firm strip as a path because he needed to think, and only here could he allow his feet to move without having to watch them. Suddenly, pacing by the water, he was overcome with astonishment. He found himself understanding the wearisomeness of this life, where every path was an improvisation and a considerable part of one's waking life was spent watching one's feet.
Emily Dickinson|I died for beauty but was scarceAdjusted in the tomb,When one who died for truth was lainIn an adjoining room.He questioned softly why I failed?"For beauty," I replied."And I for truth, the two are one;We brethren are," he said.And so, as kinsmen met a night,We talked between the rooms,Until the moss had reached our lips,And covered up our names.
Toni Morrison, Beloved|Jump, if you want to, ‘cause I’ll catch you, girl. I’ll catch you “fore you fall. Go as far inside as you need to, I’ll hold your ankles. Make sure you get back out. I’m not saying this because I need a place to stay. That’s the last thing I need. I told you, I’m a walking man, but I been heading in this direction for seven years. Walking all around this place. Upstate, downstate, east, west; I been in territory ain’t got no name, never staying nowhere long. But when I got here and sat out there on the porch, waiting for you, well, I knew it wasn’t the place I was heading toward; it was you. We can make a life, girl. A life.
Al Franken|The critical importance of honest journalism and a free flowing, respectful national conversation needs to be had in our country. But it is being buried as collateral damage in a war whose battles include political correctness and ideological orthodoxy.
Ikechukwu Izuakor|... I was feeling so depressed I didn't even think. That's the whole trouble. When you're feeling very depressed, you can't even think
Stacy Schiff, Cleopatra: A Life|As Dio observed later, democracy sounded very well and good, “but its results are seen not to agree at all with its title. Monarchy, on the contrary, has an unpleasant sound, but is a most practical form of government to live under. For it is easier to find a single excellent man than many of them.
Daniel Keys Moran|I had a handle on satisfaction, and I loved my career, but I didn't really know what happiness was. So I started on this quest to have a happy life.
Akiroq Brost|I believe we are the ones who hurt ourselves the most, by how we receive, by how we perceive.
Ross Macdonald, The Chill|...we can best understand the furies of war and politics by remembering that almost the whole of each party believes absolutely in its picture of the opposition, that it takes as fact, not what is, but what it supposes to be the fact.
Victoria  James, Falling for the P.I.|Bryce Colton is telling everyone you hooked up after the bonfire Friday night.” “What?” Everyone in the parking lot turned and stared. Okay, maybe I said that a little loud. I hooked my arm through Jane’s and steered her toward the sidewalk. “I went to the bonfire with you. Do you remember seeing me naked with Bryce Colton?”She pouted and kicked a rock off the sidewalk. “I thought maybe you went back after you dropped me off.”“Why do you sound disappointed?”“It would be nice if one of us had a sex life." I laughed so hard I snorted. That’s one of the reasons I’m best friends with Jane. I never know what she’s going to say.
Henry A. Wallace|If we define an American fascist as one who in case of conflict puts money and power ahead of human beings, then there are undoubtedly several million fascists in the United States.
Veronika Jensen|And I loved you I loved you so There were times I forgot to breathe Waiting for the phone call For the sound of your voice Touching me places You couldn't touch For the miles between us. And I loved you Like a forest loves the spring Waiting for the smallest signs Of you coming back And breathing life back into me Warming me up On my brightest fields And my darkest valleys But you stayed away. And I loved you But fate seemed to have Different plans for us. I guess now I see that It was a one-sided love Peeking through The large glasses of a binocular I am here, so very close But you are far-far-away...
Cynthia Carr, Fire in the Belly: The Life and Times of David Wojnarowicz|I ended up going into this big art historical argument.' [Barry Blinderman] invoked, for example, Matthias Grünewald’s Isenheim altarpiece, painted in the sixteenth century for a monastery where monks cared for people with skin diseases—so the suffering Christ in that painting shows symptoms of skin disease. 'It’s because he’s the man of sorrows,' Blinderman argued. 'He takes on the suffering of the world. So if Christ were to appear physically today, one of the sicknesses he would have to take on would be drug addiction.
David Gilmour, Sparrow Nights|So you're here by yourself?"“Yes."“Seems like an odd place to come by yourself."“I needed to get away."“Woman trouble? That's another of my father's expressions."“No, actually. I poisoned my neighbor's dogs."After a moment she said, “How drunk are you?"“Quite."“Is that true?"“What?"“That you poisoned your neighbor’s dogs."“I’m afraid it is."“I have dogs."“Well, keep them away from me.
Alexei Maxim Russell, Trueman Bradley - The Next Great Detective|In order that the concept of substance could originate--which is indispensable for logic although in the strictest sense nothing real corresponds to it--it was likewise necessary that for a long time one did not see or perceive the changes in things. The beings that did not see so precisely had an advantage over those who saw everything "in flux." At bottom, every high degree of caution in making inferences and every skeptical tendency constitute a great danger for life. No living beings would have survived if the opposite tendency--to affirm rather than suspend judgment, to err and make up things rather than wait, to assent rather than negate, to pass judgment rather than be just-- had not been bred to the point where it became extraordinarily strong.
Saint Bernard|Without strength and courage it's really hard to perform at the highest levels of international figure skating, because you're alone on the ice and you only have seven minutes over two nights to prove yourself.
Miguel Ruiz, The Mastery of Love: A Practical Guide to the Art of Relationship --Toltec Wisdom Book|when the need is in the mind, you cannot satisfy the need
Leon Trotsky|The Canadian government continues to say they will not help us if we go to war with Iraq. However, the prime minister of Canada said he'd like to help, but he's pretty sure that last time he checked, Canada had no army.
Kim Harrison, A Fistful of Charms|Jenks enthusiastically leaned against the counter and opened the box. Bypassing the plastic knife, he broke off about a third of it and took a huge bite. Ivy watched, appalled, and I shrugged. His mouth moving as he hummed, Jenks finished unpacking the sacks. I was half dead, Ivy was whoring herself to keep me safe, but Jenks was okay as long as he had chocolate.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Sacred life;to sing,to praise, to worship, to pray, to study the Bible,to be grateful,to read,to write and to be kind to others.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Nobody does nothing. Everybody does something, sometimes nothing is something in the idle man's world.
Sri Chinmoy, The Wings of Joy: Finding Your Path to Inner Peace|Beyond speech and mind,Into the river of ever-effulgent LightMy heart dives.Today thousands of doors, closed for millennia,Are opened wide.
Adlai E. Stevenson|I'm a big fan of Daniel Day-Lewis. He's a marvelous actor. He stands alone, I think.
Gloria Burgess, Dare to Wear Your Soul on the Outside: Live Your Legacy Now|Life is so much better when your passion and calling line up. You understand the gift of your spiritual inheritance, assume responsibility for right and just choices, and you pour your signature presence into serving others.
Loretta Chase, Mr. Impossible|Shall we proceed, and ought I do so with my knife drawn?”“You’d better keep it where it is for the moment,” he said. “Otherwise you might stab me to death accidentally.” .“If I stab you to death,” she said, “it will not be accidental.
Paul Auster, Invisible|You're too good for this world, and because of that the world will eventually crush you.
Malcolm X|If God dropped acid, would he see people?
Claire Douglas, The Sisters|He's the anchor to my boat and I worry that I will float out to sea, directionless, without him.
Hubert Martin|She was the sort of girl who flooded my five senses. Her voice was melody to my ears, her taste gave birth to an eternal thirst, her scent sprouted goosebumps along the length of my body, her touch riveted with electricity that would've been static with any other... all these things considered, it was impossible for me not to stare. I began to see her everywhere, in everything.
Eileen Granfors|Today I will find something beautiful.Delicate pink blossoms on a cherry tree.The dove resting near the lemon buds.Sunbeams smiling from sky to earth.Smiling on me."Creating" in BREATHE IN
Anonymous|What I'am learning is the world laughs through its ass every day, then just lies double-time when shit goes down. It's like we're on a Pritikin diet of fucken lies. I mean - what kind of fucken life is this?
Sidney Howard|Questions of absolute good and evil are much better not opened to public debate these days, when so few people are sure of their absolutes
John Passarella|Doyle: "What is it now, then?"Cordelia: "Isn't java supposed to be a coffee?"Doyle: "Ready to abandon the the Web project?"Cordelia: "No way. We have a chance here to make contact with the millions of people out there who are glued to their computers."Doyle: "All those millions, shunning human contact. I'll never understand it. Call me old-fashioned, if you like, but I want to interface with a face, not a hunk of plastic and glass."Cordelia: "Climb out of the Dark Ages, Munchkin man."Doyle: "It's leprechaun, and either way, I don't appreciate the insult.
Tony Curl|I’m a liar, but an honest one. People reproach me for not always telling the same story in the same way. But this happens because I’ve invented the whole tale from the start and it seems boring to me and unkind to other people to repeat myself.
Stacey Trombley, Naked|If you really truly want to know, I've thought if I was ever free someday, I might discover I've held my tears so long that I can't cry anymore, that I'm a dry stone and nothing can ever be wrung from me.
Susan Coolidge, What Katy Did|You can make your room such a delightful place that they will want to come to you...she is always on hand. Everybody who wants her knows just where to go. If people love her, she gets naturally to be the heart of the house. Once make the little ones feel that your room is the place of all the others to come to when they are tired, or happy, or grieved, or sorry about anything and that the Katy who lives there is sure to give them a loving reception and the battle is won. For you know we never do people good by lecturing.
pavankumar nagaraj|Because you see, when you’re a strong person, people often look to you to take care of them. People look to you for help. People look to you for strength.And when your life spins out of control, it’s as if their lives are tied to your own and will come crashing down with yours.
ASAP Rocky|I have always been an honest trader. I come from a school of traders where there was honour in the deal. No contracts, just a handshake and that's it, done. That's the way I prefer to do business but it's not always possible these days, sadly.
Richard Feynman, The Character of Physical Law|Realizing its fundamental importance in understanding spectral lines, in atomic physics and in the theory of how light and electrons interact, quantum electrodynamics, Pauli and Heisenberg were determined to derive it from quantum theory rather than introducing it from the start. They believed that if they could find a version of quantum electrodynamics capable of producing the fine structure constant, it would not contain the infinities that marred their theories.
Bill Murray|Depending on what day of the week it is and what time of the month it is, I'm a good friend or not a good friend. I'm more or less a good mom or not a good mom, more or less a good mate or not a good mate. That's just life, whether or not you're public.
Johnnie Dent Jr.|The Swimmer's Advantage:1)Your goal is measured first by seeing; The distance is accomplished by the strategy of believing that the same set of repetitious acts will get you there.2)Even when the elements around you are overwhelming, have the confidence to keep your head above the water. 3) Though at times you may not even see it, faith is knowing that the shore is always straight ahead. 4) By consistently reaching out over and over, you are bound to be rewarded by touching something worth more than when you started.
Neil Gaiman, The Graveyard Book|Each of the dancers took a partner, the living with the dead, each to each. Bod reached out his hand and found himself touching fingers with, and gazing into the grey eyes of, the lady in the cobweb dress. She smiled at him.“Hello, Bod,” she said.“Hello,” he said, as he danced with her. “I don’t know your name.”“Names aren’t really important,” she said.“I love your horse. He’s so big! I never knew horses could be that big.”“He is gentle enough to bear the mightiest of you away on his broad back, and strong enough for the smallest of you as well.”“Can I ride him?” asked Bod.“One day,” she told him, and her cobweb skirts shimmered. “One day. Everybody does.”“Promise?”I promise.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|It is not the temptations you have, but the decision you make about them that counts.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You can switch off all the lights, but that won't stop the sun from rising.
Stephen King, The Stand|Dreams are a simple psychological emetic, and people who have them are more blessed than cursed
Philip Pullman, His Dark Materials|This is what’ll happen,” she said, “and it’s true, perfectly true. When you go out of here, all the particles that make you up will loosen and float apart, just like your daemons did. If you’ve seen people dying, you know what that looks like. But your daemons en’t just nothing now; they’re part of everything. All the atoms that were them, they’ve gone into the air and the wind and the trees and the earth and all the living things. They’ll never vanish. They’re just part of everything. And that’s exactly what’ll happen to you, I swear to you, I promise on my honor. You’ll drift apart, it’s true, but you’ll be out in the open, part of everything alive again.
Anonymous|First I was dying to finish high school and start college. And then I was dying to finish college and start working. And then I was dying to marry and have children. And then I was dying for my children to grow old enough for school so I could return to work. And then I was dying to retire. And now, I am dying... and suddenly I realize I forgot to live.
Søren Kierkegaard|Everything built with an art, May your eyes couldn't see it, but digital eye can.
Louis D. Brandeis|It was once said that the moral test of government is how that government treats those who are in the dawn of life, the children; those who are in the twilight of life, the elderly; and those who are in the shadows of life, the sick, the needy and the handicapped.
Tamara Hoffa, A Special Kind of Love|She always thought of Aaron as special not less. He was God’s gift to her, and she wouldn’t trade him for the world.
Edward Swick, The Everything Learning German Book: Speak, Write and Understand Basic German in No Time|English is only a weak second language, so that the third language--which at the moment is getting the most play, since French is what I speak, read, and hear almost 24/7--is trying to take over the no. 2 spot.
Leslie Jamison, The Empathy Exams: Essays|This is what differentiates sympathy from empathy. No matter how much I care for you, it's not until I recognize me in you and you in me that the veil of gauze is lifted on the world.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|In good company there is never such discourse between two, across the table, as takes place when you leave them alone. In good company, the individuals merge their egotism into a social soul exactly coextensive with the several consciousnesses there present. No partialities of friend to friend, no fondnesses of brother to sister, of wife to husband, are there pertinent, but quite otherwise. Only he may then speak who can sail on the common thought of the party, and not poorly limited to his own. Now this convention, which good sense demands, destroys the high freedom of great conversation, which requires an absolute running of two souls into one.
Sarah A. Denzil, Silent Child|We don't know how our choices can change the course of our lives until they do. Unfortunately, sometimes it takes tragedy for us to realize it.
Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook|So it's not gonna be easy. It's going to be really hard; we're gonna have to work at this everyday, but I want to do that because I want you. I want all of you, forever, everyday. You and me... everyday.
Martin Luther King, Jr.|No matter if you win or lose, the most important thing in life is to enjoy what you have.
Jordan Sonnenblick, Drums, Girls & Dangerous Pie|I totally bought you as a girl," says Marisol. "I'll double check with Frances later, but by the sounds of things, you seem to have no balls.
Craig Sager|I worry that when educational counselors and teachers call in families with concerns about a child having a learning disability, we aren't always looking at the complete picture.
Noam Chomsky|The freedom fighters in India's long struggle for independence from British rule, or members of the African National Congress, were once classed as terrorists. History, as they say, is written by victors, but history also has many cunning corridors - how much time must elapse before all those tricky side-passages are revealed?
Sanjay Singh|If I am darkness, then I have learned it backwards. Darkness must be in the right, and you my dear, along with nearly all others, have been blindly wandering within the light of the wrong.
Sally Kempton, Awakening Shakti: The Transformative Power of the Goddesses of Yoga|The Tantric sages tell us that our in-breath and out-breath actually mirror the divine creative gesture. With the inhalation, we draw into our own center, our own being. With the exhalation, we expand outward into the world.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Leave complains behind; Stop worrying and murmuring about the difficulty of something that you have not even attempted doing! How do you know that it's difficult if you have not even attempted doing it? Go, give a try!
Dr Chitra Navada|At times sun may burn bloody coppery on your skin…But have that charm and smile on your chinIt’s the tolerance and inner strength of your soul that winsIn this wheel of life, with time that spins
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|If you asked twenty good men to-day what they thought the highest of the virtues, nineteen of them would reply, Unselfishness. But if you asked almost any of the great Christians of old he would have replied, Love - You see what has happened? A negative term has been substituted for a positive, and this is of more than philological importance. The negative ideal of Unselfishness carries with it the suggestion not primarily of securing good things for others, but of going without them ourselves, as if our abstinence and not their happiness was the important point.
Dejan Stojanovic, Serbian Satire and Aphorisms|Today you are young.your beauty attract every manBut the day when you will feel older yourself when you will feel magic of body vanishOn that day time will remind you,that man who fall in love with your soulbut you will not find him,because you killed him in AllThe day when you will feel wrinkles on your skinand will understand,no one want to touch it,not soft any moreOn that day time will remind that manwho die for aroma of your skin,for him its always remain best fragrance But you will not find him, because you killed him by your ignoranceThe day you will feel,you are now not able to feed sex hungerand you will understand men around you but not with youOn that day time will remind you that manwho never hungry for your body,who just feed love and emotions to your soul and to your heartBut you will not find him,because,you killed him by put your betrayed knife in his heartmaybe it will not happen,maybe your life will full of lovemaybe you will never remember past.maybe you will forget AllBut on the day when you will die,and your loving people will bury youinside your grave,when you will realize,all that who loves you,all that with you spend days & nightsall that for whom you cooked you serve,all that whose bed you warmall that who impress by your beauty,all that who claim to love youthey all buried you here alone and gonein that your loneliness,time will remind you,that manwho just dream to lay with you inside your grave,who dream to bury together in one graveBut you will not find himThat day will realize you,whom you killedThat day will realize you,you killed a manwho don't wanted to be just partner of you life but to partner of your deathwho don't wanted to be just partner of your bed but to partner of your graveThen you will realize you betrayed killed,partner of your gravePartner Of Your Grave,
Nourhan Mamdouh|...he wondered how a person as bright and deserving as Rob Peace could have made the choices, beginning on the night of that banquet, that had resulted in this. And he figured that the choices hadn't necessarily begun on that night. Most likely, they'd begun on the night he was born, and not all of them had been his to make.
Lucy H. Pearce, The Rainbow Way: Cultivating Creativity in the Midst of Motherhood|The creative journey is not a trek through the wilderness, but actually a clearly defined path, which though not visible to our outside eyes, can be felt with our inner senses.
Shontelle|Hey moon, please forget to fall down
Dr. J. Otis Yoder, He that Should Come|In the average, want overcomes reason. In the magnificent, reason is the want.
Debasish Mridha|I have a dream that one day this world will be very peaceful and people will fight, not with their weapons, but with their love.
P.C. Cast, Awakened|What more could you want? How about dominion over this 'beautiful place'? Beauty doesn't last. Friends and family decay. Power is the only thing that goes on forever."Jack answered with his gut. "No, love goes on forever.
Ken Wilber, The Fourth Turning: Imagining the Evolution of an Integral Buddhism|It would be pleasant to believe that the age of pessimism is now coming to a close, and that its end is marked by the same author who marked its beginning: Aldous Huxley. After thirty years of trying to find salvation in mysticism, and assimilating the Wisdom of the East, Huxley published in 1962 a new constructive utopia, The Island. In this beautiful book he created a grand synthesis between the science of the West and the Wisdom of the East, with the same exceptional intellectual power which he displayed in his Brave New World. (His gaminerie is also unimpaired; his close union of eschatology and scatology will not be to everybody's tastes.) But though his Utopia is constructive, it is not optimistic; in the end his island Utopia is destroyed by the sort of adolescent gangster nationalism which he knows so well, and describes only too convincingly.This, in a nutshell, is the history of thought about the future since Victorian days. To sum up the situation, the sceptics and the pessimists have taken man into account as a whole; the optimists only as a producer and consumer of goods. The means of destruction have developed pari passu with the technology of production, while creative imagination has not kept pace with either.The creative imagination I am talking of works on two levels. The first is the level of social engineering, the second is the level of vision. In my view both have lagged behind technology, especially in the highly advanced Western countries, and both constitute dangers.
Rick Riordan, The Serpent's Shadow|Zeus, first cause, prime mover; for what thing without Zeus is done among mortals?
Osho, The Empty Boat: Talks on the Sayings of Chuang Tzu|You are always afraid that somebody may think you a fool. You are afraid that if others think you to be a fool, you will start suspecting it. If so many people think you a fool your self-confidence will be lost. And if everybody goes on repeating that you are a fool, sooner or later you will come to believe it.Only a wise man cannot be deceived, he can appear as a fool.Have you observed yourself? You are always trying to exhibit your wisdom, always in search of a victim to whom you can show your knowledge, just searching, hunting for somebody weaker than you – then you will jump in and you will show your wisdom.A wise man need not be an exhibitionist. Whatsoever is, is. He is not aware of it, he is not in any hurry to show it. If you want to find it, you will have to make efforts. If you have to know whether he is gentle or not, that is going to be your discovery.
Derek Jeter|Technology has a great advantage in that we are capable of creating dinosaurs and show them on the screen even though they are extinct 65 million years. All of a sudden, we have a fantastic tool that is as good as dreams are.
Gabriel Chevallier, Fear: A Novel of World War I|Men were snoring, twitching and whimpering, struggling with nightmares less terrible than reality.
Mark Knopfler|. . .where there is no more hope, song remains.
Joseph Conrad|The mind of man is capable of anything - because everything is in it, all the past as well as the future.
Amandla Stenberg|If dreams are like movies, then memories are films about ghosts.
Mark Vonnegut, Armageddon in Retrospect|Writing was a spiritual exercise for my father, the only thing he really believed in.
Ronald Reagan|We have a lot to gain through furthering stem cell research, but medical breakthroughs should be fundamentally about saving, not destroying, human life. Therefore, I support stem cell research that does not destroy the embryo.
Andrea Gibson|What can I do in this situation?" The more we can ask such questions, the more we bring about changes where we are.
Jack Canfield|The relationship between God and his people was always the one having absolute primacy, the one that had basically to determine all human relationships, whether those within the covenanted community itself or those between the covenanted community and the outside world.
Todd Stocker, Leading from the Gut: 3 Power Principles of Effective Leaders|The best way to reach your Goal is to say "NO" more than you say "YES
Tammy Faith, Broken Heart|This mix of love and hate, this blend of trust and hurt I have for him is so confusing even I can't understand it.He leaves, and I break.
Richard Paul Evans, Lost December|I am facing the most difficult thing of my life, my own greatest failure.
Rick Riordan, The Sea of Monsters|Tantalus made a wild grab, but the marshmallow committed suicide, diving into the flames.
Avina Celeste|Your actions should reflect what you feel your life should reflect. All action should be to better your life. Your life is your actions, not your inaction. It is not what you say you will do or what others think of what you are doing. It is all the positive and negative things you have done in your life. Act positively for a positive life.
Margaret Landon|The Waystone was his, just as the third silence was his. This was appropriate, as it was the greatest silence of the three, wrapping the others inside itself. It was deep and wide as autumn’s ending. It was heavy as a great river-smooth stone. It was the patient, cut-flower sound of a man who is waiting to die.
Serenity Woods, White-Hot Christmas|He looked at her, smiling. Her heart—which had been beating pretty rapidly all evening, increased in pace. His hair was ruffled and he had a scattering of sand on his arms. He was gorgeous. And he was looking at her as if she were covered in maple syrup and he wanted to lick it off. She couldn’t believe her luck.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Ending Syria's Occupation Of Lebanon: The U.S. Role|For Lebanon to have any future, gotta adopt a resolute policy v/s terrorism. Whoever plots against the land should bear the consequences.
W. Norris Clarke, The One and the Many: A Contemporary Thomistic Metaphysics|Philosophy is the critically reflective, systematically articulated attempt to illumine our human experience in depth and set it in a vision of the whole.
Shannon L. Alder|I could go to a dozen houses, scrape away the dirt, and find his footprints, but my own prints evaporated before I ever looked back.
Victor Hugo|There are two births: the one when light, First strikes the new awakened sense; The other when two souls unite, And we must count our life from thence, When you loved me and I loved you, Then both of us were born anew.
Rob Liano|When someone tells you they’re too busy, it’s not that they mismanage their time, it’s that you’re not a priority.
Sandra Bullock|I'm a romantic, but I'm not a romantic in the traditional sense. I like to romanticize what happens to me. Whatever happens to me - you could quantify it as good or bad - I romanticize it. I think along the lines of 'When that thing happened, it made me who I am.' That kind of thing. It's a different way of being romantic.
William Feather|Ill habits gather unseen degrees, as brooks make rivers, rivers run to seas.
A.C. Grayling, The Challenge of Things: Thinking Through Troubled Times|How do the day’s event(s) compare with the famous quote you’ve picked to write about in So This Just Happened: The Journal for USA Current Events?Journal your thoughts on current events inside, in light of the 101 famous and thought-provoking quotes about the United States of America, democracy and more.Abnormal times call for first person accounts: witness current events compared to the United States of America’s values, laws, and principles. So This Just Happened: The Journal for USA Current Events includes 101 thought-provoking and insightful quotes by Founding Fathers’, famous historical figures, past Presidents and more for you to compare and contrast with current events.With a quote on every other lined journal page; you can write in order or flip to the most relevant quote for the day’s events to write about. Each lined page for you to write on has a spot to write the date at the top.
Joshua Krook, Us vs Them: A Case for Social Empathy|It is not accidental that the most unsympathetic characters in Austen's novels are those who are incapable of genuine dialogue with others. They rant. They lecture. They scold. This incapacity for true dialogue implies an incapacity for tolerance, self-reflection and empathy.
Rainer Maria Rilke|Feel what it's like to truly starve, and I guarantee that you'll forever think twice before wasting food.
Mary Lascelles, Jane Austen And Her Art|When many story-tellers occupy themselves with a social world which offers no great variety of lively action, their stories will probably resemble one another as to many of the major incidents, and if they draw on these limited resources like spend thrifts such resemblances will be inevitable--and therefore not significant.
Sonia Choquette|I decided with this new awareness to dedicate my day to moving at my own natural, calm pace, and not pressuring myself to get going, get moving, or hurry up at all, something quite different from what I otherwise did.
Charles M. Blow|Following Michael Brown's death, I went to Ferguson and met with his parents. I stood with them as they tried to hold their heads high and deal with both their immense loss and the larger issues of police-community relations.
T.A|The past is only making you to spill tears, tears of joy or tears pain. But anyway they are making you sad, for the things you had and will never have again.
Erica Jong, Fear of Fifty: A Midlife Memoir|Books won't stay banned. They won't burn. Ideas won't go to jail. In the long run of history, the censor and the inquisitor have always lost. The only sure weapon against bad ideas is better ideas. The source of better ideas is wisdom. The surest path to wisdom is a liberal education.
Mary Gaitskill|Writing is.... being able to take something whole and fiercely alive that exists inside you in some unknowable combination of thought, feeling, physicality, and spirit, and to then store it like a genie in tense, tiny black symbols on a calm white page. If the wrong reader comes across the words, they will remain just words. But for the right readers, your vision blooms off the page and is absorbed into their minds like smoke, where it will re-form, whole and alive, fully adapted to its new environment.
Maulana Wahiduddin Khan, The True Jihad: The Concept of Peace, Tolerance and Non Violence in Islam|If personality is an unbroken series of successful gestures, then there was something gorgeous about him, some heightened sensitivity to the promises of life, as if he were related to one of those intricate machines that registered earthquakes ten thousand miles away.
Tim Hiller, Strive: Life is Short, Pursue What Matters|While we thank God for them and their efforts, we must also know that our generation of believers have the responsibility to take the gospel a bit further
Neil Gaiman, Marvel 1602|It's a weapon, I understand?""In the wrong hands, all tools are weapons. In the right hands, everything is a weapon, or nothing is.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|You are only going to be as good as the people you surround yourself with, so be brave enough to let go those who keep weighing you down.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Awareness of our lost youth and charged with foreknowledge of our fate is terribly burdensome. Nonetheless, awareness of inexorable forward march of time and comprehension of our transience is a key component of our humanness. Awareness of time serves as a constant jab in our flank. It shapes our sense of being and toys with our mental equilibrium.
Shannon L. Alder|People often tell themselves lies, in order to reach what they consider acceptance in difficult situations. In reality, they fool themselves into believing they are healed, until that lie is corrected by time, further information or their own personal growth. True healing comes when we learn to not avoid truth, but face it. Only then will we be set free.
S.M.T.|Sometimes. it is not the person that you miss, but the memories that you made.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future|18. Your life is before you. Be careful of the choices you make now that you could regret later. This regret is the subject of an old poem whose author has been forgotten. I hope you’ll never have reason to apply it to yourself.	Across the fields of yesterday,	He sometimes comes to me	A little lad just back from play—	The boy I used to be.	He looks at me so wistfully	When once he’s crept within;	It is as if he hoped to see	The man I might have been.
P.K. Page, The Filled Pen: Selected Non-Fiction|It was language I loved, not meaning. I liked poetry better when I wasn't sure what it meant. Eliot has said that the meaning of the poem is provided to keep the mind busy while the poem gets on with its work -- like the bone thrown to the dog by the robber so he can get on with his work. . . . Is beauty a reminder of something we once knew, with poetry one of its vehicles? Does it give us a brief vision of that 'rarely glimpsed bright face behind/ the apparency of things'? Here, I suppose, we ought to try the impossible task of defining poetry. No one definition will do. But I must admit to a liking for the words of Thomas Fuller, who said: 'Poetry is a dangerous honey. I advise thee only to taste it with the Tip of thy finger and not to live upon it. If thou do'st, it will disorder thy Head and give thee dangerous Vertigos.
Ernest Vincent Wright, Gadsby|Youth!! Ah, what a word!! And how transitory! But, how grand! as long as it lasts. How many millions in gold would pour out for an ability to call it all back, as with our musical myth, Faust. During that magic part of a child’s growth this world is just a gigantic inquiry box, containing many a topic for which a solution is paramount to a growing mind. And to whom can a child look, but us adults? Any man who “can’t stop now” to talk with a child upon a topic which, to him is“too silly for anything,” should look back to that day upon which that topic was dark and dubious in his own brain. A child who asks nothing will know nothing. That is why that “bump of inquiry” was put on top of our skulls.
Harper Lee, Go Set a Watchman|Prejudice, a dirty word, and faith, a clean one, have something in common: they both begin where reason ends.
Raymond Chandler, The Big Sleep|It was a smooth silvery voice that matched her hair. It had a tiny tinkle in it, like bells in a doll's house. I thought that was silly as soon as I thought of it.
Jellis Vaes|Traveling solo is an incredible – life changing – journey, which I can recommend anyone to undertake. It’s the fear of being alone that prevents many people from daring to take the step to go on that journey. But as with many things, within that fear you’ll discover the greatest triumphs.
Victoria Beckham|Trust me, there's not one night a week I'm not in a theater somewhere. I adore theater, and I go out with friends, so I do have some nights off.
Mehmet Murat ildan|They want you to use a black umbrella; use yellow, use red, use green and always refuse the thing they want you to use! Refusal is often more honourable than conformity!
Brian Herbert, House Harkonnen|If you can hear the bell for the next round, then you are still in the fight! Get off your stool and start swinging...never give up & never quit on your dream!
E.L. James|Grace is not a doctrine or a religion. It is a person, Jesus Christ.
Alexia Casale, The Bone Dragon|The Ninysh might have resisted a bit harder. I don't mean to imply that they were cowards...," Maurizio said shrugging, clearly implying that the Ninysh were cowards.
Erin Kellison, Night's Deep Hush|Laughter gurgled up from inside her. She'd just mugged a mugger. Look out, world.
Martine Leavitt, Keturah and Lord Death|She knew she should say something profound, something beautiful in response. Instead, she spoke the truth. "If we make it out of here alive, I'm going to kiss you unconscious.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Nothing was more powerful than the sun before it went down, nor more beautiful. She took a long deep breath. She could watch the sky for hours but then she knew that Mark really did deserve some sort of an answer.
Abraham Lincoln|The movie business can be very frustrating and very circuitous; there's no straight path. You have to have tremendous perseverance, dedication and passion. You have to want it very, very badly and you have to deal with a lot of rejection.
John Lennon|The basic thing nobody asks is why do people take drugs of any sort? Why do we have these accessories to normal living to live? I mean, is there something wrong with society that's making us so pressurized, that we cannot live without guarding ourselves against it?
Conor McGregor, Notorious|University, he said quietly. It sounded like a dream; it tasted like damnation.
Zora Neale Hurston|For me, I've always found people who stand up and spritz themselves all over their clothes very odd. I'm a big bath addict, and I get up in the morning, and I have a big bath. But when I get out, and I'm still hot but fresh out of the bath, that's when I apply scent. I just have it on my bare skin; I never apply it to my clothes.
Shauna Niequist|To pray is to say that there is more than I can see, and more than I can do. There is more going on than meets the eye.
Koren Zailckas|My demeanor isn't that of a woman enraged. To see me slumped, glassy-eyed, holding a sandwich someone has cut for me into four "manageable" pieces, a person might tell you I look much more like a woman subdued.
Lauren Hammond, Love Sucks|I would change the way humans interpreted the word vampire, forever.
Zoe Forward, His Witch to Keep|I really want to punch you right now. Maybe even break your nose.” She rolled her eyes upward, seeking calm. “But I won’t because I like this dress.
Oswald Chambers|We tend to use prayer as a last resort, but God wants it to be our first line of defense. We pray when there's nothing else we can do, but God wants us to pray before we do anything at all.Most of us would prefer, however, to spend our time doing something that will get immediate results. We don't want to wait for God to resolve matters in His good time because His idea of 'good time' is seldom in sync with ours.
Yaganesh Derasari|- 'I just... I was thinking of Achilles. It's our anniversarý tomorrow, and I'd really like to get him a present. Maybe I could sneak out tonight and be back in time for... for Patrick's visit tomorrow.'- 'Ohh, what are you going to get him?'Hell. This was torture in itself.- 'A new hammer. One with my name engraved on the side.' - Sure. why not?She sighed happily.- 'That's a cute idea!
Vince Lombardi Jr.|Start local, think global & constantly raise the bar of excellence.
Vicente Fox|Any form of art is a form of power; it has impact, it can affect change - it can not only move us, it makes us move.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|There are great roads, beautiful bridges, lovely parks, gorgeous gardens and wonderful buildings in a big city. But there is something missing, something very important: The spirit of nature!
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|But if you believe yourself worthy of the thing you fought so hard to get, then you become an instrument of God, you help the Soul of the World, and you understand why you are here.
Sarah Drew|When our thousands of Chinese students abroad return home, you will see how China will transform itself.
Nassim Nicholas Taleb|All of technology, really, is about maximizing free options.
Bono|Sometimes, too often, I don't want to muster the energy. Stress and anxiety seem easier.
E.E. Knight, Dragon Champion|Ronnie snarled and Brendon roared back.Her eyes narrowed. "You roared at me?""And I'll do it again if you can't keep your paws off my Oreos.
Felix Mendelssohn|One and the same thing can at the same time be good, bad, and indifferent, e.g., music is good to the melancholy, bad to those who mourn, and neither good nor bad to the deaf.
Belinda Jeffrey, One Long Thread|You stand in front of an electric fence and whip your dick out to take a piss on it, it's pretty clear you're about to make a mistake. Other than that, you pretty much have no way of knowing.
Elona Washington, From Ivy League To Stripper Life: 10 Lessons Learned|Those years of anger weren’t just directed inward and towards others, I was also angry with God. As a kid, when I sang songs in the children’s choir and memorized verses in bible study, I was told there was a God who loved and protected us. He was a jealous God and could be angered, yes, but He always showed grace and mercy towards His people. I must not have been one of His people. He never protected me. As a matter of fact, I remember crying and pleading to God to make it stop when I was in DC being raped at five years old. I thought he heard my prayers when I moved to New Jersey. But when the abuse became worse and more frequent, it was easy for me to conclude God’s protection didn’t apply to me.
George Orwell, A Hanging|We will presently find that we are not so far apart after all, that the points on which we differ are few and the points on which we agree are many, and that if we only have the patience and the candor and the desire to get together, we will get together.
John Muir|Make an empty space in any corner of your mind, and creativity will instantly fill it.
Kenneth E. Hagin|Salvation belongs to the sinner. Jesus already has bought the salvation of the worst sinner, just as He did for us. That’s the reason He told us to go tell the Good News; go tell sinners they’re reconciled to God.
Susan B. Anthony|Are some women and children going to die? Yeah. But it's doing the right thing. You got money, you sit around talking about peace. People who don't have money need some help.
Gary Ghislain, How I Stole Johnny Depp's Alien Girlfriend|Let me just say it out loud so we can laugh together: You're going to find Johnny Depp, take him back to Vahalal, and put him in a zoo?
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Keep on reading, thinking, doing and writing! Words keep introducing their friends to you.
Jimmy Swaggart|But suppose God is black? What if we go to Heaven and we, all our lives, have treated the Negro as an inferior, and God is there, and we look up and He is not white? What then is our response?
Cracked.com, You Might Be a Zombie and Other Bad News|Sure, at some level scientists know nanobots will destroy mankind. They just can't resist seeing how it happens.
Shannon L. Alder|People will tell you that you’re broken. Don’t believe them. They were not the person that could help you. They have not walked your path. God has got a plan to bring people into your life that have lived through a similar hell. In the end, it isn’t the number of people that are on your side. It is the people that understand what your side is that matters.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|A common mistake we make is that we look for God in places where we ourselves wish to find him, yet even in the physical reality this is a complete failure. For example, if you lost your car keys, you would not search where you want to search, you would search where you must in order to find them.
Therese Fowler|Nature is a dream state at this point, that we almost don't have a real relationship to it unless it's people living off the land and killing our own food and going for it.
Patricia Briggs, River Marked|All life is rife with possibilities. Seeds have possibilities, but all their tomorrows are caught by the patterning of their life cycle. Animals have possibilities that are greater than that of a fir tree or a blade of grass. Still, though, for most animals, the pattern of instinct, the patterns of their lives, are very strong. Humanity has a far greater range of possibilities, especially the very young. Who will children grow up to be? Who will they marry, what will they believe, what will they create? Creation is a very powerful seed of possibility.
Eric Idle|Through hard work and education, we can deliver a strong economy and opportunity for all.
William Shakespeare, Shakespeare's Sonnets|No longer mourn for me when I am deadThan you shall hear the surly sullen bellGive warning to the world that I am fledFrom this vile world, with vilest worms to dwell;Nay, if you read this line, remember notThe hand that writ it; for I love you so,That I in your sweet thoughts would be forgot,If thinking on me then would make you woe.
Stanisław Lem, Highcastle: A Remembrance|I thought I was in love with Leola, by which I meant that if I could have found her in a quiet corner, and if I had been certain that no one would ever find out, and if I could have summoned up the courage at the right moment, I would have kissed her. But, looking back on it now, I know that I was in love with Mrs Dempster. Not as some boys are in love with grown-up women, adoring them from afar and enjoying a fantasy life in which the older woman figures in an idealized form, but in a painful and immediate fashion; I saw her every day, I did menial tasks in her house, and I was charged to watch her and keep her from doing foolish things. Furthermore, I felt myself tied to her by the certainty that I was responsible for her straying wits, the disorder of her marriage, and the frail body of the child who was her great delight in life. I had made her what she was, and in such circumstances I must hate her or love her. In a mode that was far too demanding for my age or experience, I loved her.
Roy Blount Jr., Long Time Leaving: Dispatches from Up South|Even intellectuals should have learned by now that objective rationality is not the default position of the human mind, much less the bedrock of human affairs.
Donald Hankey, A Student in Arms|We ultimately don't get what we want, we get what we are.
Siri Hustvedt, The Blindfold|There are some people who state that the exterior, sex, or physique of another person is indifferent to them, that they care only for the communion of mind with mind; but these people need not detain us. There are some statements that no one ever thinks of believing, however often they are made.
Karen Chance, Death's Mistress|I moved to assist, but never got the chance. there was some pretty violent banging for a minute, and then a tearing sound. Finally the stall door flew open, and Ray's shirtless body emerged and started bitch-slapping everything in sight.His aim was off, probably due to the difficulty of having his eyes on the other side of the room, but he made up for it with sheer determination.
Robert Louis Stevenson, A Christmas Sermon|To look back upon the past year, and see how little we have striven and to what small purpose: and how often we have been cowardly and hung back, or temerarious and rushed unwisely in; and how every day and all day long we have transgressed the law of kindness; -it may seem a paradox, but in the bitterness of these discoveries, a certain consolation resides. Life is not designed to minister to a man's vanity. He goes upon his long business most of the time with a hanging head, and all the time like a blind child. Full of rewards and pleasures as it is - so that to see the day break or the moon rise, or to meet a friend, or to hear the dinner-call when he is hungry, fills him with surprising joys - this world is yet for him no abiding city. Friendships fall through, health fails, weariness assails him; year after year, he must thumb the hardly varying record of his own weakness and folly. It is a friendly process of detachment. When the time comes that he should go, there need be few illusions left about himself. Here lies one who meant well, tried a little, failed much: -surely that may be his epitaph, of which he need not be ashamed.
Chris Behnke|The accumulation of non-obvious, ineffective, or misapplied actions leads to low productivity.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, The Treasury of David: Spurgeon's Classic Work on the Psalms|Some people would rather die in their pride, than live in their humility.
Wisława Szymborska|Rather than feeling lost and unimportant and meaningless, set against galaxies which go beyond the reach of the furthest telescopes, I feel that my life has meaning. Perhaps I should feel insignificant, but instead I feel a soaring in my heart that the God who could create all this — and out of nothing — can still count the hairs of my head.
William Dean Howells, A Sleep and a Forgetting|Taking Mum's hand, I whispered "Are we really safe, here?
Calvin Trillin|Everything had life to me,’ he heard Enkidu murmur, ‘the sky, the storm, the earth, water, wandering, the moon and its three children, salt, even my hand had life. It’s gone. It’s gone.
Nancy Astor the Viscountess Astor|he began to feel that she was very lonely indeed. “If he’d been here,” she said, “those cowards would never have dared to insult me.” She thought about “him” with great sadness and perhaps longing--about his honest, stupid, constant kindness and fidelity; his never-ceasing obedience; his good humour; his bravery and courage. Very likely she cried, for she was particularly lively, and had put on a little extra rouge, when she came down to dinner.
Norman Cook|When life takes me on a new journey, I simply remember the smile my first ballet recital put on my face and I move forward.
Cristina Marrero, The Unsung Love Story|Together, in that room, our childhood notions of love melted away. We discovered love was not a fairytale. Sometimes there were no happy endings, and when there were, you needed to work like hell to keep the happiness alive.
Manu Joseph, Serious Men|Back in New York I took full advantage of my status as a native speaker. I ran my mouth to shop clerks and listened in on private conversations, realising I’d gone an entire month without hearing anyone complaint that they were “stressed out”.
Guy Delisle, Pyongyang: A Journey in North Korea|In fact, they live in a state of constant paradox where truth is anything but constant
Joumana Haddad|In some crucial cases ... repugnance is the emotional expression of deep wisdom, beyond reason’s power completely to articulate it.
Erich Neumann, The Fear of the Feminine and Other Essays on Feminine Psychology|The archetypal image of the redeemer serpent is certainly placed here in opposition to the serpents of evil that battle with it. But why do they both have the same form if there is only oppositIOn between them? What does it mean that they both dwell in the same place, the depth of the great abyss? Are they not possibly two aspects of the same thing?We know this image of the redeemer serpent not only from Gnosis and from the Sabbataian myth, but we know of the same serpent rising from below, redeeming and to be redeemed, as the Kundalini serpent in India, and finally from alchemy as the serpens Mercurii, the ambiguous serpent whose significance was first made clear to us by Jung's researches.Since Jung's work on alchemy we know two things. The first is that in its "magnum opus" alchemy dealt with a redemption of matter itself. The second is that pari passu with this redemption of matter, a redemption of the individual psyche was not only unconsciously carried out but was also consciously intended. As we know, the serpent is a primeval symbol of the Spirit, as primeval and ambiguous as the Spirit itself. The emergence of the Earth archetype of the Great Mother brings with it the emergence of her companion, the Great Serpent. And, strangely enough, it seems as though modern man is confronted with a curious task, a task which is essentially connected with what mankind, rightly or wrongly, has feared most, namely the Devil.
Shawn Michaels|Murder is unique in that it abolishes the party it injures, so that society has to take the place of the victim and on his behalf demand atonement or grant forgiveness; it is the one crime in which society has a direct interest.
Manasa Rao|Man is either Viceroy or else he is an animal that claims special rights by virtue of its cunning and the devouring efficiency of teeth sharpened by technological instruments... But if he is Viceroy, then all decay and trouble in the created world that surrounds him is in some measure to be laid to his account
Tracy Anne Warren, Tempted by His Kiss|Murder = Art...Everyone is artist... we all understand different the word "Artist
Peach-Pit, Shugo Chara!, Vol. 2: Friends in Need|In a culture that is becoming ever more story-stupid, in which a representative of the Coca-Cola company can, with a straight face, pronounce, as he donates a collection of archival Coca-Cola commercials to the Library of Congress, that 'Coca-Cola has become an integral part of people's lives by helping to tell these stories,' it is perhaps not surprising that people have trouble teaching and receiving a novel as complex and flawed as Huck Finn, but it is even more urgent that we learn to look passionately and technically at stories, if only to protect ourselves from the false and manipulative ones being circulated among us.
Karina Halle, The Lie|We learn to love when we’re young. If we learn hating better, it has to go somewhere. We can hate ourselves or we can hate somebody else. Most people would rather hate somebody else.
Rachel Vincent, Shadow Bound|How did I know? Paul, I've known since you were eight and I caught you masturbating in front of the TV to Bo and Luke Duke.
Paul Ryan|We believe a renewed commitment to limited government will unshackle our economy and create millions of new jobs and opportunities for all people, of every background, to succeed and prosper. Under this approach, the spirit of initiative - not political clout - determines who succeeds.
Nathan Myhrvold|I don't buy a lot when I travel, but when I do, I like to send gifts from wherever I am. It's fun to find the local post office.
Claire Dederer, Poser: My Life in Twenty-three Yoga Poses|I envision my mind as a plot of grass full of sheep surrounded by a perimeter of electric fence. If I'm not constantly vigilant and aware of my thoughts, the electric fence shuts off, the sheep jump out, and my panic gets away from me. The chance for an attack is especially bad just before bed or when I'm distracted or lost in thought in the car, causing me to slap myself in the face as hard as I can or bite the inside of my upper arm. If I can feel the pain, then I am still alive and can begin to focus on rounding up the sheep again. See? This makes perfect sense in my head.
Lemony Snicket|There is nothing particularly wrong with salmon, of course, but like caramel candy, strawberry yogurt, or liquid carpet cleaner, if you eat too much of it you are not going to enjoy your meal.
Arlene J. Chai|Because instant and credible information has to be given, it becomes necessary to resort to guesswork, rumors and suppositions to fill in the voids, and none of them will ever be rectified, they will stay on in the readers' memory. How many hasty, immature, superficial and misleading judgments are expressed every day, confusing readers, without any verification. The press can both simulate public opinion and miseducate it. Thus we may see terrorists heroized, or secret matters, pertaining to one's nation's defense, publicly revealed, or we may witness shameless intrusion on the privacy of well-known people under the slogan: "everyone is entitled to know everything." But this is a false slogan, characteristic of a false era: people also have the right not to know, and it is a much more valuable one. The right not to have their divine souls stuffed with gossip, nonsense, vain talk. A person who works and leads a meaningful life does not need this excessive burdening flow of information.
Yanni|The more you believe in the power of thought, and the more you listen to your breath, the greater changes you can create in your life.
Penelope Lively, Moon Tiger|As you speak I swear I can hear words being selected, one after another, from the word-box you carry around with you, and slotted into place. That is not how a true native speak, one who is born into a language.’‘How does a native speak?’‘From the heart. Words well up within and he sings them, sings along with them. So to speak.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca|Life is an exciting business, and most exciting when it is lived for others.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, Flecks of Gold on a Path of Stone: Simple Truths for Profound Living|I want to ‘think’ that I have all the answers. But if I ‘think’, I soon realize that what I thought to be answers were guesses. And if I ‘think’ yet again, I begin to realize that since God has all the answers He never hands me a guess.
Dr. Muhammad Abdul Mohsin|But then I grew up, experienced some life, and I understood that when you merely switch from being a prisoner to being a guard, no one is freed, not even yourself.
Eric Robert Morse, The Economic Theory of Sex: Industrialism, Feminism, and the Disintegration of the Family|To the contemporary feminist, sexual differences mean inequality, inequality means injustice, and injustice must be stamped out at all costs. And so, they have set about stamping out sexual differences at all costs.
Rachel Ward, Numbers|And then, a strangely comforting thought trickled through me—I had nothing, so I could do anything now. Anything I wanted. I had nothing left to lose.
Raphael Zernoff, I Am|When we let the energy of our existence flow freely, without being obstructed by fear, happiness finds its way into our daily lives.
Robert Greene, The 48 Laws of Power|Power is a game, and in games you do not judge your opponents by their intentions but by the effects of their actions.
James Madison|I've told my children that when I die, to release balloons in the sky to celebrate that I graduated. For me, death is a graduation.
Hilary Duff|I don't know about the romantic comedy route, although never say never.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|A single radio post still heard him. The only link between him and the world was a wave of music, a minor modulation. Not a lament, no cry, yet purest of sounds that ever spoke despair.
Donna J. Haraway, Simians, Cyborgs, and Women: The Reinvention of Nature|All readings are also mis-readings, re-readings, partial readings, imposed readings, and imagined readings of a text that is originally and finally never simply there. Just as the world is originally fallen apart, the text is always already enmeshed in contending practices and hopes.
Jackson Galaxy, Cat Daddy: What the World's Most Incorrigible Cat Taught Me About Life, Love, and Coming Clean|Cat love is genuine, because it's 10 percent devotion and 90 percent frustration and betrayal. - 67 REASONS WHY CATS ARE BETTER THAN DOGS
Ben Caesar|Which is the least spoken language, world-wide?The language of Truth
Ronald Reagan|You’re talking about gold and silver, cash and securities. I’m talking about the sheer beauty of the land, the value of unpolluted parkland made wild and staying wild forever.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Fight for your dreams with all your strength, soul and spirit.
Jacob Bronowski, The Ascent of Man|This is the concentration camp and crematorium at Auschwitz. This is where people were turned into numbers. Into this pond were flushed the ashes of some four million people. And that was not done by gas. It was done by arrogance. It was done by dogma. It was done by ignorance. When people believe that they have absolute knowledge, with no test in reality, this is how they behave.
Chuck Klosterman, Sex, Drugs, and Cocoa Puffs: A Low Culture Manifesto|I wake up, I feel the inescapable oppression of the sunlight pouring through my bedroom window, and I am struck by the fact that I am alone. And that everyone is alone. And that everything I understood seven hours ago has already changed, and that I have to learn everything again.
Linda Kage, The Color of Grace|Hey, where are you going?" His voice, confused yet curious, called after me. "Hey. Why didn't your mother name you Maybe, or We'll see, or What's-Your-Number? That way, we could call our first born Absolutely.
C.S. Lewis, Surprised by Joy: The Shape of My Early Life|…the greatest service we can do to education today is to teach fewer subjects. No one has time to do more than a very few things well before he is twenty, and when we force a boy to be a mediocrity in a dozen subjects, we destroy his standards, perhaps for life.
George Orwell, 1984|Being in a minority, even in a minority of one, did not make you mad. There was truth and there was untruth, and if you clung to the truth even against the whole world, you were not mad.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Any experience, which is not written, will be lost in time. Rich literature is lost forever.
Edward M. Wolfe, Hell on Ice|In the world I notice persons are nearly always stressed and have no time. Even Grandma often says that, but she and Steppa don't have jobs, so I don't know how persons with jobs do the jobs and all the living as well. In Room me and Ma had time for everything. I guess the time gets spread very thing like butter over all the world, the roads and houses and playgrounds and stores, so there's only a little smear of time on each place, then everyone has to hurry on to the next bit.
Fennel Hudson, A Writer's Year - Fennel's Journal - No. 3|Look back, but never look down.
Ruth Ozeki, A Tale for the Time Being|There's so much to write. Where should I start?I texted my old Jiko this question, and she wrote me back this:'You should start where you are
Karen Davis|- What do you expect? Think we were sent into the world to have a soft time and what is it? Float on flowery beds of ease? Think Man was just made to be happy?- Why not? Though I've never discovered anybody that knew what the deuce Man really was made for!- Well, we know not just in the Bible alone, but it stands to reason a man who doesn't buckle down and do his duty, even if it does bore him sometimes, is nothing but a... well, he's simply a weakling. Mollycoddle, in fact! And what do you advocate? Come down to cases! If a man is bored by his wife, do you seriously mean he has a right to chuck her and take a sneak, or even kill himself?- Good Lord, I don't know what 'rights' a man has! And I don't know the solution of boredom. If I did, I'd be the one philosopher that had the cure for living. But I do know that about ten times as many people find their lives dull, and unnecessarily dull, as ever admit it; and I do believe that if we busted out and admitted it sometimes, instead of being nice and patient and loyal for sixty years, and then nice and patient and dead for the rest of eternity, why, maybe, possibly, we might make life more fun.
DeWayne Owens|Don’t just timidly swing at the problems in your life, swing hard enough to knock them out! Small efforts produce small results, big efforts produce big results!
Jacques Tardi, Goddamn This War!|The leave zipped right by. We were so terrifically glad to be back to our own little section of the trench, with all its happy memories, that we wouldn’t have traded places with anybody. The lazy bastard who’d filled in while we were away hadn’t managed to nibble away so much as an inch of garden soil in the direction of Berlin.We found out that Brugnon hadn’t come back from leave. He’d hanged himself in the stairwell of his building, on rue des Gâtines. He left a note to say he couldn’t take it any more and asked us to count him out. We accepted it… Who were we to judge?
Aser Alas Jr.|You can't be born again, but you can change.
Katelynn Hillier|I am strangely excited to see how snarky and sarcastic all us bookworms are going to become when we’re old. We’ll all be Mother Ogma’s with tattoos and piercings and purple WoW leggings carrying wands and staffs, and best of all everyone’s hair will finally be able to hold colour because we’ll all have white hair! We’ll all be blogging on WordPress and still waiting for Sherlock and still celebrating Christmas with Doctor Who specials while our grandchildren play quidditch…
Carter G. Woodson|The world changes, but I want that change to be necessary or respectful of what has happened before. Everything changes, and that's quite right.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Success is a spiritual process, not a worldly one; that is to say it is an internal process, and not external.
Franz Kafka|Miss her a little? God, was she daft? He was going to miss her more than a little. No, he wasn't. He leaped to his feet and practically ran to the door. He wasn't going to miss her at all. He was going to find her and bring her home.
Jim Kokoris, It's. Nice. Outside.|Ruta Skadi was four hundred and sixteen years old, with all the pride and knowledge of an adult witch queen. She was wiser by far than any short-lived human, but she had not the slightest idea of how like a child she seemed beside these ancient beings. Nor did she know how far their awareness spread out beyond her like filamentary tentacles to the remotest corners of universes she had never dreamed of; nor that she saw them as human-formed only because her eyes expected to. If she were to perceive their true form, they would seem more like architecture than organism, like huge structures composed of intelligence and feeling.But they expected nothing else: she was very young.
Fulton J. Sheen, Life of Christ|As scientific truths put us in an intelligent relaton with the cosmos, as historic truth puts us in temporal relation with the rise and fall of civilization, so does Christ put us in intelligent relation with God the Father; for He is the only possible Word by which God can address Himself to a world of sinners.
Linda Hamilton|I am just so appreciative of God's love. It's higher than any mountain, wider than any ocean, and wider than the whole universe. His love is just that amazing!
Martin Luther King Jr.|Like anybody, I would like to have a long life. Longevity has its place. But I'm not concerned about that now. I just want to do God's will.
Anthony Powell, A Buyer's Market|Feeling unable to maintain this detachment of attitude towards human- and, in especial, matrimonial- affairs, I asked whether it was not true that she had married Bob Duport. She nodded; not exactly conveying, it seemed to me, that by some happy chance their union had introduced her to an unexpected terrestrial paradise.
Bryce C. Anderson, The Improbable Rise of Singularity Girl|Every time my head hit the pillow, I wondered why I had ever left my bed in the first place.
Mary Karr, Lit|The head can travel a far piece while the body sits in one spot. It can traverse many decades, and many conversations can be had, even with the dead.
Harold E. Varmus|Following graduation from Amherst, a Woodrow Wilson Fellowship enabled me to test the depth of my interest in literary scholarship by beginning graduate studies at Harvard University.
Robin    Black|Rejection is part of the game. Or rather, rejection is part of the profession. A profession which at times can feel like a game.
Stephen Green|There wasn't even enough meat to make proper fun of [....] I keep waiting for somebody else to come on TV, maybe a cabinet member, to read the real speech, the one that tells us ... I dunno ... stuff. Seriously, sorority girls have done the Walk of Shame home from frat parties feeling more satisfied.
Kate Bornstein, Gender Outlaws: The Next Generation|Safe gender is being who and what we want to be when we want to be that, with no threat of censure or violence.Safe gender is going as far in any direction as we wish, With no threat to our health, or anyone else’s.Safe gender is not being pressured into passing, not Having to lie, not having to hide.Sane gender is asking questions about gender - talkingTo people who do gender, and opening up about ourGender histories and our gender desires.Sane gender is probably very, very funny.Consensual gender is respecting each others’ definitionOf gender, and respecting the wishes of some to be alone,And respecting the intentions of others to be inclusive inTheir own time.Consensual gender is non-violent in that it doesn’t forceIts way in on anyone.Consensual gender opens its arms and welcomes all People as gender outcasts - whoever is willing to admit it.
Elizabeth George|No question, no problem, no concern, is too big or too small for God to handle!
Lisa Kleypas, Devil in Winter|Ah, Evie,” she heard him say softly, “I must have a heart, after all…because right now it aches like the devil.”“Only your heart?” she asked ingenuously, making him laugh.He lowered her to the bed, his eyes sparkling wickedly. “Also a few other things,” he conceded. “And as my wife, it’s your duty to ease all my aches.
Ernest Hemingway, A Farewell to Arms|I don't want to be your friend, baby. I am your friend.
James Larkin|Many good sayings are to be found in holy books, but merely reading them will not make one religious.
Os Guinness|My mother was the dearest, sweetest angel. She didn't talk; she sang. She was a tower of strength.
Jean Rhys, Voyage in the Dark|And I saw that all my life I had known that this was going to happen, and that I'd been afraid for a long time, I'd been afraid for a long time. There's fear, of course, with everybody. But now it had grown, it had grown gigantic; it filled me and it filled the whole world.
Bernard Tschumi|Architecture, of all the arts, is the one which acts the most slowly, but the most surely, on the soul.
Jettie Necole, The Vault|No, we’ll live. I promise you that.” He’d said it in a way that she couldn’t doubt, the same way he’d snapped his soldiers back into their rank on the helicopter. His words had been soft yet firm, and she wanted to believe in him as his men had, with confidence.
Helen Humphreys, Wild Dogs|Memory is a barricade against forgetting; light is a bulwark against darkness; life is a flex against the stillness of the grave. Maybe that's what I'm trying to do here, clear a space in all the debris, through all the anxieties and worries, where I can just exist, easily and simply, entire, for as long as I have left.
P.D. James|He was discovering that even hatred died a little at the end. But it still lasted longer than desire, longer even than love.
Sheri Webber, Dawn Rising|The dead teach this great lesson, which we are loathe to learn: we too will die.
Ray Romano|If golf wasn't enjoyable and there wasn't a lot of humor and enjoyment, even though the game is so frustrating, you would wonder why you put yourself through it.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Everything is a choice and every choice has a consequence; a good one or bad one! We choose to choose every day, whether we choose not to choose, but it is not all our choices that result in something better! It is not all our choices that result in something lasting! It is not all our choices that result in something fulfilling. No matter what our daily conscious and unconscious choices result in, the lessons from the results of our choices that can help shape our next choices must never be neglected, for they that shall neglect the lessons from the consequences of their choices shall always choose and choose again and again, and in the end, they shall never see any lasting and fulfilling footprints!
Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel|Too fair to worship, too divine to love.
Nel Newman|Some people simply seem to know how to live. They know when to seize the day, when to go with the flow, and when to row for dear life.
Peter David, The Woad to Wuin|And won’t he grow up to be the healthiest of young men, all because she kept him safe? Ready for the world. Ready to one day conquer it. To travel. Get on a train. Go to work. Get blown out of her life.Maybe she should be having that glass of wine and cigarette after all.
William James|We are like islands in the sea, separate on the surface but connected in the deep.
Katherine Marsh, Jepp, Who Defied the Stars|Francesca was a strong believer in fate. She assumed he picked up the habit from her therapist who was constantly preaching that “everything happened for a reason”, but regardless she now spouted out that philosophy like she was paid to. Everything big in her life, she believed it was all a part of God’s plan – it was all fate. So the way she saw it, it had to be fate that Paul came into her life like this.
Phillip Noyce|Classes struggle, some classes triumph, others are eliminated. Such is history; such is the history of civilization for thousands of years.
Molly Friedenfeld, The Book of Simple Human Truths|If a dog can love us unconditionally, why can't we love each other in the same way?
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|It was his self-esteem she had sought to destroy, knowing that a man who surrenders his value is at the mercy of anyone’s will; it was his moral purity she had struggled to breach, it was his confident rectitude she had wanted to shatter by means of the poison of guilt—as if, were he to collapse, his depravity would give her a right to hers.
Vanessa Veselka, Zazen|I tried to map the cultural trends leading up to it but as I did they grew, interconnecting and weaving backwards and sideways out to everything. Next to the megalithic institutionalized shredding of people's humanity, marked by tombstone malls and scabby hills, the Styrofoam gullets and flag-waving god-chatterers casting their votes for eternal paternity on the lap rapists - next to all of that, the intimacy between a terrorist and his target was almost a beautiful thing but I still couldn't solve that moment when they did it anyway so I grabbed more paper and widened my field of vision.
Jackie Haze, Borderless|I felt that the magical people must be in the hidden back roads and dusty cubby holes of life; on highways, in hostels, and in shabby, smoky cafes. These enchanting people are in trees, around fires and under hand-knit hats and street lamps reflecting gold on rain soaked pavement. They dance while others dangle; they vibrantly sing the songs that get jumbled and stuck in the subconscious of others who only wish to catch tune. They are the rare ones whose uncommon experiences touch your heart through just a wink of their eye, the stories stitched in the holes of their shoes, invoking a longing for the unknown, taking others to a place of missing what they've never even had -- they do not settle, they do not compromise.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Food cannot take care of spiritual, psychological and emotional problems, but the feeling of being loved and cared for, the actual comfort of the beauty and flavour of food, the increase of blood sugar and physical well-being, help one to go on during the next hours better equipped to meet the problems (p. 124).
Evan Meekins, The Black Banner|Love is not measured by acts or years, but by truth between two people.
Christopher Isherwood, Lions and Shadows: An Education in the Twenties|orgasm for women like coal( that takes lot of time to get heat) , and men like microwave..just push the button
Jim Brown|Knowledge is not eating, and we cannot expect to devour and possess what we mean. Knowledge is recognition of something absent; it is a salutation, not an embrace.
Mark Twain|Cats were not, in her experience, an animal with much soul. Prosaic, practical little creatures as a general rule. It would suit her very well to be thought catlike.
Nikki Rowe|With so many people in the world i am confident in saying, if you connect with someone on a soul level you dont take them for granted.
Simone de Beauvoir, Memoirs of a Dutiful Daughter|I didn't know the first thing about the people around me, but that didn't matter: I was in a new world; and I had the feelings that at last I had put my finger on the secret of freedom.
Rosamund Hodge, Cruel Beauty|Why is he scared of the dark?"I meant the words for a joke, but Shade nodded seriously. "Like all monsters. Because it reminds him of what he truly is".
Russell Wilson|The objectification of females is not a good thing! Not every rapper does this, but when the lyrics focus solely on the strip club, 'poppin' bottles' and how many girls they can 'tap,' it distorts what kids are learning. I think if there was more of a female presence in hip hop we could break up the monotony. It's all about balance.
Roshan Sharma|Success or failure is not a one day event, but continuous life process. Each day you succeed and each day you fail with life, and most of the time, success follows the failure.
محمد عبد الرحمن العريفي, Enjoy Your Life|For each door of sadness that opens, there are a thousand means of shutting it...
Magda M. Olchawska, Mikolay and Julia Meet the Fairies|We need to get to the other side of the lake if you want to help the fairies,” said Mikolay.We could use my crystal ball for transportation,” suggested Julia pulling out a small crystal ball out of her pocket.
Patrick Jennings, We Can't All Be Rattlesnakes|For though I was raised Protestant, my true religion is actually civility. Please note that I do not call my faith “politeness.” That’s part of it, yes, but I say civility because I believe that good manners are essential to the preservation of humanity— one’s own and others’— but only to the extent that that civility is honest and reasonable, not merely the mindless handmaiden of propriety.
Rob Thurman, Roadkill|England was a cold, backward, rebellious little kingdom. It's king: Henry the Eighth, remembered principally for his six wives and the chicken legs clutched in his fat fists.
Hannah Brencher, If You Find This Letter: My Journey to Find Purpose Through Hundreds of Letters to Strangers|What is the verdict?”“There is always hope.” His face softened. “However, it’s unlikely your brain damage will improve.”He’d given me the answer I’d expected and dreaded.I shut my eyes and sagged into the pillows. I’d braced myself for this result, but I’d wanted a miracle so badly that it was painful to hear the truth.Sunlight pressed in on me, trying to cheer me up. I would resist a moment longer. This room, the quilt, my closed eyes—they formed a serene barrier against the world, although it wasn’t clear to me if I wanted to keep the scary stuff out or the scared me in.
Abhijit Naskar|Experience, derived from scientific investigation, led to all the scientific literature in history. Likewise, experience, derived from religious transcendence, led to all the religious scriptures in history. It's never the other way around.
Patty Ptak Kogutek, Ed.D., G-vites ~ Everyday Invitations From God: A Handbook for Practical Spirituality|God will always watch out for our best, providing us with what we need and a soft landing when we seem to be falling.
B.J. Daniels, Dark Horse|But there are three things in this world you can’t shrug off: death, taxes – and a girl who loves you.
Dalai Lama XIV|If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito.
Nikki Rowe|There's something beautiful about facing tragedy, you crack open a new, you find yourself in the parts of you; that can finally be explored freely with out judgement or guilt. Where to from here doesn't exist & your not sure when it will return, but there's something beautiful in facing tragedy, a new type of being within you is born and one whom is more fearless than ever before.
David Nicholls, Us|But ambition is a funny thing: it creeps in when you least expect it and keeps you moving, even when you think you want to stay put.
Sarah J. Maas, Throne of Glass|She didn't fear the night, though she found little comfort in its dark hours. It was the time when she slept, the time when she stalked and killed, the time when the stars emerged with glittering beauty and made her feel wonderfully small and insignificant.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|if the storm of life gives you a big blow, don't worry, just give it a great smile and pursue to leave distinctive footprints with perseverance and tenacity regardless of how arduous the errand may be. It may not be so easy but, dare to win!
Will Rogers|Advertising is a racket, like the movies and the brokerage business. You cannot be honest without admitting that its constructive contribution to humanity is exactly minus zero.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|It has always been a mark of decaying civilizations to become obsessed with sex. When people lose their way, their purpose, their will, and their goals, as well as their faith . . . they go “a whoring.” It is a form of diversion that requires no thought, no character, and no restraint.
B. Stevens|Roan rested his forehead against his and put a hand on his chest. Sweet man, one he didn’tdeserve. “I’m sorry.”“For what?”“The insanity that is my life. Me.”“Hey, I signed up for this ride. I knew from past experience that sexy men were always trouble,and it wasn’t like your reputation didn’t precede you. I have no one to blame but myself.”“You think I’m sexy?”“Don’t fish for compliments.
Anthony Liccione|As troubles bring money, money in turn can also bring troubles.
Sheena Kamal, The Lost Ones|I'd told him what it had been like, living on thew streets. How the police were to be avoided at all costs, how they never helped you if you were homeless or busking. How they pushed you around and made you leave public spaces. How they let other people treat you like garbage without intervening. Cops would never support someone like me. Never.' - Eyes Like Mine
W. Somerset Maugham, Of Human Bondage|He was not crying for the pain they had caused him, nor for the humiliation he had suffered when they looked at his foot, but with rage at himself because, unable to stand the torture, he had put out his foot of his own accord.
Stephen Richards|When you stop blaming others for where you are in life, that is when you can start to manifest your dream life!
Homer|They laid up in the shade of a rock shelf until past noon, scratching out a place in the gray lava dust to sleep, and they set forth in the afternoon down the valley following the war trail and they were very small and they moved very slowly in the immensity of that landscape.Come evening they hove toward the rimrock again and Sproule pointed out a dark stain on the face of the barren cliff. It looked like the black from old fires. The kid shielded his eyes. The scalloped canyon walls rippled in the heat like drapery folds.
David Sedaris, Me Talk Pretty One Day|Every day we're told that we live in the greatest country on earth. And it's always stated as an undeniable fact: Leos are born between July 23 and August 22, fitted queen-size sheets measure sixty by eighty inches, and America is the greatest country on earth. Having grown up with this in our ears, it's startling to realize that other countries have nationalistic slogans of their own, none of which are 'We're number two!
Gregory Maguire|She had that look a child has only a few times in its life, when the child has bettered her betters. The expression isn't smug, though adults often take it for smugness. It's something else. Maybe relief at having confirmed through personal experience the long-held suspicion of our species, that the enchanted world of childhood is merely a mask for something else, a more subtle and paradoxical magic.- p. 157
Doris Kearns Goodwin, Wait Till Next Year|Well, did anything interesting happen today?' [my father] would begin. And even before the daily question was completed I had eagerly launched into my narrative of every play, and almost every pitch, of that afternoon's contest. It never crossed my mind to wonder if, at the close of a day's work, he might find my lengthy account the least bit tedious. For there was mastery as well as pleasure in our nightly ritual. Through my knowledge, I commanded my father's undivided attention, the sign of his love. It would instill in me an early awareness of the power of narrative, which would introduce a lifetime of storytelling, fueled by the naive confidence that others would find me as entertaining as my father did.
H.P. Lovecraft|Outside, across the putrid moat and under the dark mute trees, I would often lie and dream for hours about what I read in the books; and would longingly picture myself amidst gay crowds in the sunny world beyond the endless forests.
Bill Gates|I'm excited to join my brother-in-law Ken Thomson every Tuesday night on SiriusXM to recap all of the awesome NFL action, and to find out what in the Wylde world of sports is going on.
Abdul Sattar Edhi|The dead has only one place to go… up. Wherever you bury them, they will go the same way, up
Peter Watts|When the time is right, when these feelings of rage and unfairness once again overcome me, I will not faint. I will fight.
Thomas Jefferson|The 'free' laborer, thanks to the development of capitalistic production, agrees, i.e. is compelled by social conditions, to sell the whole of his active life, his birthright for a mass of pottage.
Auliq Ice|Before you choose whom to love, take a look at yourself, choose your own word, think about how and reassess your time when you have given life to love, Know your ready or not and make sure you are not there to hurt making regrets on your door and paint the word I wish on your window.
Clare Havens, Doc Gutson's Revenge|Simon's brain tried to comprehend the situation. 'Was an international supermodel really holding Doc Gutson, leader of the infamous Bloodworth Gang, captive?
Roman Payne|Her body accepted my brutal seed and took it to swell within, just as the patient earth accepts a falling fruit into its tender soil to cradle and nourish it to grow. Came a time, just springtime last, our infant child pushed through the fragile barrier of her womb. Her legs branched out, just as the wood branches out from these eternal trees around us; but she was not hardy as they. My wife groaned with blood and ceased to breathe. Aye!, a scornful eve that bred the kind of pain only a god can withstand.
Pandora Poikilos, Excuse Me, My Brains Have Stepped Out|We spend so much time on the whole world instead of on those who really need us, in a world where rumours are a trend and truth is an afterthought.
Tom Robbins, Skinny Legs and All|They bowed down to him rather, because he was all of these things, and then again he was all of these things because the town bowed down.
Robert Dallek|Primarily affecting low-information voters and members of the mainstream media, Obama Worship Syndrome attributes impossible capabilities to Obama's political opponents, finds excuses for every Obama failure in everyone around him and praises the president as the finest politician - nay, human being - of our time.
Melanie Dickerson, The Beautiful Pretender|It's an invention, a fairy tale devoid of any sense, like all the legends in which good spirits and fortune tellers fulfill wishes. Stories like that are made up by poor simpletons, who can't even dream of fulfilling their wishes and desires themselves. I'm pleased you're not one of them, Geralt of Rivia. It makes you closer in spirit to me. If I want something, I don't dream of it—I act. And I always get what I want.
Susan Block, The Bonobo Way|Their faces were inches apart now, and he traced her lips with one finger, lightly, lightly, then placed his lips there as if he’d drawn them into being.
Kady Cross, The Girl in the Steel Corset|I think... sometimes when we find love we pretend it away, or ignore it, or tell ourselves we are imagining it. Because it's the most painful kind of hope there is. It can be ripped away so easily. By indifference. By death.
Bill Lee|There is no progress whatever. Everything is just the same as it was thousands, and tens of thousands, of years ago. The outward form changes. The essence does not change.
Dexter Palmer, Version Control|To say ; " I want to travel in time", just like saying;"I want to travel in dial
Jessica Khoury, The Forbidden Wish|Albert, I don’t know how long we can keep Sam involved at all,” she said.“You’re upset,” Albert replied.“Yes, I’m upset. But that’s not the point. Sam is out of control. If we’re ever going to have a working system we may have to find someone else to play the role of savior.”Albert sighed. “Astrid, we don’t know what’s out there in the night. And maybe you’re right that Sam is out of control. But me? I’m really glad it’s him out there getting ready to face whatever it is.”Albert picked up his omnipresent notebook and left.To a now empty, silent room, Astrid said, “Don’t die, Sam. Don’t die.
R. Curtis Venture|...You believe that the kind of story you want to tell might be best received by the science fiction and fantasy audience. I hope you're right, because in many ways this is the best audience in the world to write for. They're open-minded and intelligent. They want to think as well as feel, understand as well as dream. Above all, they want to be led into places that no one has ever visited before. It's a privilege to tell stories to these readers, and an honour when they applaud the tale you tell.
Stephen Richards, Be First: Achieve Every Dream|Diamonds do not burst out from the mines into your hands. The universe, instead, will direct the men to discover the mines and find the diamonds for you.
Helen Fisher|Downhill track sports like luge are technology battles, as exciting as a NASCAR qualifying day.
Latika Teotia|Don’t allow the challenges of life to break you. Remember all the good things God has done, and fill your heart with…
Nicholas Sparks|He was a wonderful man. And when a man is that special, you know it sooner than you think possible. You recognize it instinctively, and you're certain that no matter what happens, there will never be another one like him.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter: The Deathly Hallows|What sort of a god are you, my Lord? Your punishments seem barbaric to me. Either that or we are more god-like and you’re merely human-like.
Thomas à Kempis|Go where thou wilt, seek what thou wilt, and thou shalt not find a higher way above, nor a safer way below, than the way of the holy Cross."- Thomas A Kempis (The Following of Christ)
Mario Vargas Llosa|From the cave to the skyscraper, from the club to weapons of mass destruction, from the tautological life of the tribe to the era of globalization, the fictions of literature have multiplied human experiences, preventing us from succumbing to lethargy, self-absorption, resignation. Nothing has sown so much disquiet, so disturbed our imagination and our desires as the life of lies we add, thanks to literature, to the one we have, so we can be protagonists in the great adventures, the great passions real life will never give us. The lies of literature become truths through us, the readers transformed, infected with longings and, through the fault of fiction, permanently questioning a mediocre reality. Sorcery, when literature offers us the hope of having what we do not have, being what we are not, acceding to that impossible existence where like pagan gods we feel mortal and eternal at the same time, that introduces into our spirits non-conformity and rebellion, which are behind all the heroic deeds that have contributed to the reduction of violence in human relationships. Reducing violence, not ending it. Because ours will always be, fortunately, an unfinished story. That is why we have to continue dreaming, reading, and writing, the most effective way we have found to alleviate our mortal condition, to defeat the corrosion of time, and to transform the impossible into possibility.
Vincent van Gogh|In the fullness of artistic life there is, and remains, and will always come back at times, that homesick longing for the truly ideal life that can never come true.
Susan  Fletcher, The Silver Dark Sea|He thinks he can see all her grief in her face, all her love and empty days.
Tonya Hurley, Ghostgirl|We all like to think the world ends when we do. The truth is our acquaintances, our friends, and our loved ones all live on, and through them, so do we. It's not about what you had, but what you gave. It's not about how you looked, but how you lived. And it's not just about being remembered. It's about giving people a good reason to remember you.
Mitch Albom|Lost love is still love. It takes a different form, that's all. You can't see their smile or bring them food or tousle their hair or move them around a dance floor. But when those senses weaken another heightens. Memory. Memory becomes your partner. You nurture it. You hold it. You dance with it.
Toni Morrison|This is the time for every artist in every genre to do what he or she does loudly and consistently. It doesn't matter to me what your position is. You've got to keep asserting the complexity and the originality of life, and the multiplicity of it, and the facets of it. This is about being a complex human being in the world, not about finding a villain. This is no time for anything else than the best that you've got.
T.K. Coleman, Freedom Without Permission: How to Live Free in a World That Isn't|Being realistic encompasses the negative, but it by no means excludes the positive.
Patrick O'Brian, H.M.S. Surprise|Of course I do know it is the French who are so wicked; but there are all these people who keep coming and going - the Austrians, the Spaniards, the Russians. Pray, are the Russians good now? It would be very shocking - treason no doubt - to put the wrong people in my prayers.
Cuthbert Soup, Another Whole Nother Story|I should mention, by the way, that LVR stands for Luminal Velocity Regulator. I suppose it could also stand for Large Venezeulan Rats, but in this case it does not.
Sahara Sanders, The Honest Book of International Dating: Smart Dating Strategies for Men|...A huge “army” of immature guys with blinders over their eyes, looking for UNCONDITIONAL LOVE, are going nowhere. Such men are all ending up to be eternal dating losers, because they are simply wasting huge amounts of effort, trying hard and hoping to find something that does not exist on the planet.To achieve the goal of personal happiness, we have to be honest with ourselves first of all. We need to be brave enough and smart enough to look into the mirror at our true selves, without our comfortable masks of lies or hypocrisy.LET’S FACE IT:There are always reasons why we feel love for another person; we don't love someone for no reason at all. We love them for the qualities they possess, which we admire; for those amazing, bright emotions they evoke from within ourselves; for the love and care that we so acceptingly receive from them; and for what good feelings we experience being around them, etc.Be HONEST with yourself!
Elizabeth Wein, The Pearl Thief|Your sarcasm and general assholeness are not necessary,” Apollo remarked casually.I grinned at him. “I don’t think ‘assholeness’ is a word.”“It is if I say it is.” Apollo drew in a deep breath, a sure sign his temper was reaching its knock-Seth-into-the-nearby-ocean point.
Max Lucado|Sam reached his hand toward mine, and I automatically put my fingers in his. With a guilty little smile, he pulled my hand toward his nose and took a sniff, and then another one. His smile widened, though it was still shy. It was absolutely adorable, and my breath got caught somewhere in my throat.
Paul Celan|Speak you too,speak as the last,say out your say.Speak-But don’t split off No from Yes.Give your say this meaning too:Give it the shadow.Give it shadow enough,Give it as muchAs you know is spread round you fromMidnight to midday and midnight.Look around:See how things all come alive-By death! Alive!Speaks true who speaks shadow.But now the place shrinks, where you stand:Where now, shadow-stripped, where?Climb. Grope upwards.Thinner you grow, less knowable, finer!Finer: a threadThe star wants to descend on:So as to swim down beliow, down hereWhere it sees itself shimmer:in the swellOf wandering words.
حجة الإسلام أبو حامد محمد الغزالي|When, as happened recently in France, an attempt is made to coerce women out of the burqa rather than creating a situation in which a woman can choose what she wishes to do, it’s not about liberating her, but about unclothing her. It becomes an act of humiliation and cultural imperialism. It’s not about the burqa. It’s about the coercion. Coercing a woman out of a burqa is as bad as coercing her into one. Viewing gender in this way, shorn of social, political and economic context, makes it an issue of identity, a battle of props and costumes. It is what allowed the US government to use western feminist groups as moral cover when it invaded Afghanistan in 2001. Afghan women were (and are) in terrible trouble under the Taliban. But dropping daisy-cutters on them was not going to solve their problems.
Catherine Carrigan, What Is Healing? Awaken Your Intuitive Power for Health and Happiness|Remember the balance; the give-and-take of energy. The symbol of yin and yang is more than the integration of male and female. It’s also the balance of light and dark, soft and hard, active and passive, in and out, giver and receiver. You can’t have one without the other.
S.A. Tawks, The Spirit of Pessimism|Maybe I am just an old fool with foolish thoughts, but those foolish thoughts allow this old fool to sleep quite comfortably at night.
Tessa Dare, Do You Want to Start a Scandal|What to make of this man? He was proper. He was passionate. He had the public demeanor of an iceberg, but he kissed her as if she were his oasis in a vast, arid d
Elizabeth Bishop, Geography III|I never knew him. We both knew this place, apparently, this literal small backwater, looked at it long enough to memorize it, our years apart. How strange. And it's still loved, or its memory is (it must have changed a lot). Our visions coincided--'visions' is too serious a word--our looks, two looks: art 'copying from life' and life itself, life and the memory of it so compressed they've turned into each other. Which is which? Life and the memory of it cramped, dim, on a piece of Bristol board, dim, but how live, how touching in detail --the little that we get for free, the little of our earthly trust. Not much. About the size of our abidance along with theirs: the munching cows, the iris, crisp and shivering, the water still standing from spring freshets, the yet-to-be-dismantled elms, the geese.
Ian McEwan, Atonement|Adulthood brings with it the pernicious illusion of control, and perhaps even depends on it. I mean that mirage of dominion over our own life that allows us to feel like adults, for we associate maturity with autonomy, the sovereign right to determine what is going to happen to us next. Disillusion comes sooner or later, but it always comes, it doesn’t miss an appointment, it never has.
Jocelyn  Murray, The English Pirate|The sea is as desolate and barren as it is fertile and life-giving. It is cold and dismal, yet bold and spirited. Sometimes imperious and conquering, other times gentle and meek. But it is always mysterious. Those mysteries hold many secrets. One has but to listen and watch to discover them
James L. Sutter, Death's Heretic|Religion doesn't just cloud our minds. It asks us to deliberately deceive ourselves-- to replace reason with its opposite, faith. And when men operate on faith, they can no longer be reasoned with, which makes them more dangerous than any sane man, good or evil.
Deeba Salim Irfan|I think, actually, that none of us understands anyone else very well, because we're all too shy to show what matters the most. If you ask me, it's a major design flaw. We ought to be able to say, Here, look what I am. I think it would be quite a relief.
Luis Marques|Do not judge others, without first judging yourself. There is no strength without knowing thyself. ☥
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|William loathed his family,' Mercer said. 'With cause.
Francesca Marciano|A first kiss is the demarcation line: the same information that a moment ago felt private, all of a suddens seems unfair to withhold. And with that exchange came more.
Anthony Fauci|Water and sanitation has not had the same kind of champion that global health, and even education, have had.
John Crowley, Engine Summer|Perhaps it's the alien equivalent of a discarded tomato can. Does a beetle know why it can enter the can only from one end as it lies across the trail to the beetle's burrow? Does the beetle understand why it is harder to climb to the left or right, inside the can, than it is to follow a straight line? Would the beetle be a fool to assume the human race put the can there to torment it — or an egomaniac to believe the can was manufactured only to mystify it? It would be best for the beetle to study the can in terms of the can's logic, to the limit of the beetle's ability. In that way, at least, the beetle can proceed intelligently. It may even grasp some hint of the can's maker. Any other approach is either folly or madness.
Isaac Asimov, The Caves of Steel|Innovation is a progress, and progress in simplicity.
Shannon L. Alder|Letting go of people doesn’t mean you never loved them. Sometimes, it is the greatest act of love because it teaches them to be accountable for how they treat people who care. Maybe, not now, but years from now, they will look back and realize that kindness is more than yelling casual suggestions to a person that is drowning in their sea of apathy.
Geraldine Adamich Laufer, Tussie-Mussies: The Victorian Art of Expressing Yourself in the Language of Flowers|Still single today?? No worries.. keep love in your heart, a life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead, the consciousness of loving and being loved brings a warmth and richness to life that nothing else can bring... (Ejump,2017)
Louis Armstrong|Man, if you have to ask what it [jazz] is, you’ll never know.
Confucius|Think of tomorrow, the past can't be mended.
Steven Magee|is he crazy?" --Harcourt-Brace editor on Holden Caulfield
Irene Hannon, Vanished|Our prayers should be for blessings in general, for God knows best what is good for us.'" Moira smiled as she quoted the ancient sage, then shrugged. "It made sense to me. After that, I started laying my problems and needs before God and asking for grace and guidance and whatever other virtues he thought I needed.
Brandan Roberston, Nomad: A spirituality for travelling light|…even if I discover that I don't particularly like or agree with them, I still can see that they are human beings, just like me. They are not an idea. They are not a concept. They are a real, living and breathing human being who is just trying to figure everything out, just like I am.
Bonnie Bedelia|The more completely we focus our attention on our Creator and Lord, the less chance there is of our being distracted by creatures.
R.A.Delmonico|Imagination is by definition, a complex system.
Giambattista Valli|My strengths as a businessman lie in the design and sale of women's shoes, and I have never been comfortable with complicated or technical legal or business documents.
Michelle Dalton, Sixteenth Summer|I once saw a show about an amputee who lost his leg and still feels it. He actually wakes up at night to scratch his leg as if it’s still there, attached to him. They call it a phantom limb.I would be like that. A phantom draki, tormented with the memory of what I once was.
Clementine Holzinger, EL32|for though a very few hours spent in the hard labor of incessant talking will dispatch more subjects that can really be in common between two rational creatures, yet for the lovers is different. Between them no subject is finished; no communication is ever made, till it has been made at least twenty times over.
Angie karan|Our greatest release is 2 free our selves from attachments of the past and concerns with the future-2 be able 2 live in the present moment.When we do this, we concentrate our energies, and we don't lose vitality by criticizing, comparing and judging.The quality of release frees us from guilt which is a great waste of energy. Release brings freedom from attachment 2 possessions or fear of loss.
Barack Obama, The Audacity of Hope: Thoughts on Reclaiming the American Dream|The absence of even rough agreement on the facts puts every opinion on equal footing and therefore eliminates the basis for thoughtful compromise. It rewards not those who are right, but those - like the White House press office - who can make their arguments most loudly, most frequently, most obstinately, and with the best backdrop.
Jehovah, New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures|She ate--so, so good--cocooned in the harmonic dissonance of a large family, where every sound was distinct yet blended.
Kathy Krajco, What Makes Narcissists Tick: Understanding Narcissistic Personality Disorder|A false image is, of course, a work of art, an idol. And a lie. A narcissist identifies with this image, not his true inner self. So, all he cares about is his image, not what kind of person he really is. Indeed, the latter has no real existence in his world.In identifying with his image, he's identifying with an ephemeral figment that has but virtual reality, a purely immanent existence as a reflection in the attention shone on him by others. No attention, no image. No image, no self!
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Sometimes it is difficult to differentiate the Christian from the man of the world. In America, for example, churchgoing has become popular, but churchgoing may not necessarily be accompanied by genuine depth in prayer and Bible study or a change in lifestyle.
Olga Goa|You are like the winged goddess from Greek mythology. As beautiful and soaring like an angel as her". #MilanoVeneziani. #ItalianPassion:
Richard Dawkins|It has become almost a cliché to remark that nobody boasts of ignorance of literature, but it is socially acceptable to boast ignorance of science and proudly claim incompetence in mathematics.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Breakfast of Champions|A lot of the nonsense was the innocent result of playfulness on the part of the founding fathers of the nation of Dwayne Hoover and Kilgore Trout. The founders were aristocrats, and they wished to show off their useless eduction, which consisted of the study of hocus-pocus from ancient times. They were bum poets as well. But some of the nonsense was evil, since it concealed great crime. For example, teachers of children in the United States of America wrote this date on blackboards again and again, and asked the children to memorize it with pride and joy:1492The teachers told the children that this was when their continent was discovered by human beings. Actually, millions of human beings were already living full and imaginative lives on the continent in 1492. That was simply the year in which sea pirates began to cheat and rob and kill them.Here was another piece of nonsense which children were taught: that the sea pirates eventually created a government which became a beacon of freedom of human beings everywhere else. There were pictures and statues of this supposed imaginary beacon for children to see. It was sort of ice-cream cone on fire. It looked like this:[image]Actually, the sea pirates who had the most to do with the creation of the new government owned human slaves. They used human beings for machinery, and, even after slavery was eliminated, because it was so embarrassing, they and their descendants continued to think of ordinary human beings as machines.The sea pirates were white. The people who were already on the continent when the pirates arrived were copper-colored. When slavery was introduced onto the continent, the slaves were black.Color was everything.Here is how the pirates were able to take whatever they wanted from anybody else: they had the best boats in the world, and they were meaner than anybody else, and they had gunpowder, which is a mixture of potassium nitrate, charcoal, and sulphur. They touched the seemingly listless powder with fire, and it turned violently into gas. This gas blew projectiles out of metal tubes at terrific velocities. The projectiles cut through meat and bone very easily; so the pirates could wreck the wiring or the bellows or the plumbing of a stubborn human being, even when he was far, far away.The chief weapon of the sea pirates, however, was their capacity to astonish. Nobody else could believe, until it was much too late, how heartless and greedy they were.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|Alcohol let's us go on a journey. It's like paying for a ride. It maybe a ride to nowhere, but at least we get to go on that ride that we paid for. And no journey is the same. We wake up next day, usually with memory loss, usually with regret at something we did or said. But we know, we got our money's worth.
Lisa Martens, What Grows in Heavy Rain: Winner of the 2015 Doris Lippman Prize in Creative Writing|Everybody stood dead still. It was as if now that we were about to get out of the Tower for the first time since the flood, we were scared, like we were crossing some line that we wouldn’t be able to uncross.--Greenleigh
Andrew  Jackson|The mischief springs from the power which the monied interest derives from a paper currency which they are able to control, from the multitude of corporations with exclusive privileges which they have succeeded in obtaining...and unless you become more watchful in your states and check this spirit of monopoly and thirst for exclusive privileges you will in the end find that the most important powers of government have been given or bartered away….
Rod Serling|When I am grown up I shall carry a notebook—a fat book with many pages, methodically lettered. I shall enter my phrases.
Lin Manuel Miranda|To be humble is to be so sure of one's self and one's mission that one can forego calling excessive attention to one's self and status. And, even more pointedly, to be humble is to revel in the accomplishments or potentials of others -- especially those with whom one identifies and to whom one is linked organically.
R. Alan Woods|There are those who wish to read everything. Do not try to do this. Let it> alone. The number of books is infinite, and you cannot follow> infinity...For where there is no end, there can be no rest; where there is> no rest, there can be no peace; and where there is no peace, God cannot> dwell.
G.K. Chesterton|Ah, there you are, Bard,” came a familiar voice, and she turned to see Alucard striding over.“Saints, is that a dress you’re in? The crew will never believe it.”“You’ve got to be kidding me,” growled Kell.
Samantha Sotto|Life is a strong drink served up in an extremely short, and fragile shot glass. We shouldn't waste a single drop.
Tamsin Greig|You just suddenly think that there's something quite childish about acting. Basically, it's pretending, isn't it? It's good fun and I enjoy it, but it's a funny way of making a living, particularly when you make a very good wage, as I've been fortunate enough to do.
Mehmet Murat ildan|You have left too much of yourself in this land for it not to be yours. I, too, will always be yours, for you have left too much of yourself with me for it to be otherwise.
Steven Chopade|At the end of the day most folks do exactly what they want to, so we need to focus on the want to.
Jane Austen|I have changed my mind, and changed the trimmings of my cap this morning; they are now such as you suggested.
Marly Youmans, Maze of Blood|The boy was twelve, reveling in the strange dust-smelling murk of a New Orleans library, watching motes flash gold in a beam of sun. He loved the ceiling lights on chains and the table lamps with their green glass shades. The room was as beautiful as another world.
Garrison Keillor|I was sleeping the other night, alone, thanks to the exterminator.
Thisuri Wanniarachchi|I believe in god. I also believe that you should never ask god to make your dreams come true. You have to work for your dreams. And dream actually, with all your mind body and soul. I don’t believe luck is when a super power grants us what we wished for. Luck is when preparation meets opportunity. So we need to be prepared all the time. Our dream awaits us. It’s already on its way. We just need to be prepared when it gets to us.
Lewis Thomas|The man who comes up with a means for doing or producing almost anything better, faster or more economically has his future and his fortune at his fingertips.
Roland Orzabal|If there's a new way,I'll be the first in line.But, it better work this time.
Ellen G. White|The sin which is indulged to the greatest extent, which separates us from God and produces so many spiritual disorders, and which are contagious, is selfishness.
Laura Shapiro, Something from the Oven: Reinventing Dinner in 1950s America|Remember, too, that at a time when people are very concerned with their health and its relationship to what they eat, we have handed over the responsibility for our nourishment to faceless corporations.
William Donelson|Life is too short, and sometimes brutal, and in the end we have only each other... Nothing else matters.
Peter Craig, Hot Plastic|Just for future reference, don't use words like "love" anymore. It's a very sensitive word and it wears out quickly. Romeo barely says it, but John Hinckley filled up a whole journal with it. To put it into your terms, it's a currency that's easily devalued. Pretty soon you're saying it whenever you hang up the phone or whenever you leave. It turns into an apology. Then it's an excuse. Some assholes want it to be a bulletproof vest: don't hate me; I love you. But mostly it just means--more. More, more--give me something more. A couple of years from now, when you're on your own completely, if you really fall in love, if it really comes to that--and I pity you if it does--you have to look right down into the black of her eyes, right down into the emptiness in there and feel everything, absolutely everything she needs and you have to be willing to drown in it, Kevin. You'd have to want to be crushed, buried alive. Because that's what real love feels like--choking. They used to bury some women in their wedding dresses, you know. I thought it was because all those husbands were too cheap to spring for another gown, but now it makes sense: love is your first foot in the grave. That's why the second most abused word is "forever".
ANIKOR Daniel|Negative anger that is unchecked is a fire out of control, it can burn everything in its path.
Catherine Ryan Hyde, Jumpstart the World|Since we all know for a fact that we're all going to die, why don't we all treat each other like we could lose each other at any minute?
Robin LaFevers|What do you know of gods and saints?” I ask, filling my voice with scorn.His fingers drift to the silver oak leaf of Saint Camulos on his cloak. “I know that what our saints want is not always made clear to us. Sometimes, it is their wish for us to flail and struggle and come to our own choices, not accept ones that have been made for us.
Albert Einstein|It occurred to me by intuition, and music was the driving force behind that intuition. My discovery was the result of musical perception.
Pearl Zhu, Thinkingaire: 100 Game Changing Digital Mindsets to Compete for the Future|Never ever care what people think about you, but what kind of energy you create in them matters the most. So act sensibly!
Ellen Herrick, The Sparrow Sisters|You have only to say one word and I would know your voice among all other voices. I don't know what it is - I've often wondered - that makes your voice such a - haunting memory. . . . Do you remember that first afternoon we spent together at Kew Gardens? You were so surprised because I did not know the names of any flowers. I am still just as ignorant for all your telling me. But whenever it is very fine and warm, and I see some bright colours - it's awfully strange - I hear your voice saying : "Geranium, marigold and verbena." And I feel those three words are all I recall of some forgotten, heavenly language. . . .
Debasish Mridha|We are never free when we imprison ourselves in the prison of our fixed, false beliefs.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|She is very clever, too clever for a woman. She lacks the indefinable charm of weakness. It is the feet of clay that make the gold of the image precious. Her feet are very pretty, but they are not feet of clay. White porcelain feet, if you like. They have been through the fire, and what fire does not destroy, it hardens. She has had experiences.
Charles Grant, The X-Files: Goblins|It bombarded her with instant pleasure, instant pain and instant arousal, fact and fiction all mixed up and blurred together to create an Image. 
Carl Sagan, The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark|The chief deficiency I see in the skeptical movement is its polarization: Us vs. Them — the sense that we have a monopoly on the truth; that those other people who believe in all these stupid doctrines are morons; that if you're sensible, you'll listen to us; and if not, to hell with you. This is nonconstructive. It does not get our message across. It condemns us to permanent minority status.
Joyce Vissell|It is not about how much money we make or how big and powerful our work appears to others, it is about the love with which we put into each act of kindness toward another human being.
Gerald O. West, Reading Otherwise: Socially Engaged Biblical Scholars Reading with their Local Communities|The inner life is bruised by a running against the laws of the Kingdom. The bruises are guilt complexes, a sense of inferiority, of missing the mark, of being out of harmony with God and with oneself, a sense of wrongness. Divine forgiveness wipes out all that sense of inner hurt and condemnation. Brings a sense of at-homeness- at home with God and oneself and with life. The universe opens its arms and takes one in. You are accepted- by God, by yourself, and by life. All self-loathing, self-rejection, all inferiorities drop away. You are a child of God; born from above, you walk the earth, a conqueror, afraid of nothing. Healed at the heart, you can say to life: "Come on, I'm ready for anything.
Marcus Tullius Cicero|Real friendship, like real poetry, is extremely rare - and precious as a pearl.
Otto Rank, Beyond Psychology|Live a life of friction. Let yourself be disturbed as much as possible, but observe.
Frank C. Laubach|God, I want to give You every minute of this year. I shall try to keep You in mind every moment of my waking hours....I shall try to let You be the speaker and direct every word. I shall try to let You direct my acts. I shall try to learn Your language.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|We must passionately learn, unlearn and relearn.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|Between Countess Nordston and Levin there had been established those relations, not infrequent in society, in which two persons, while ostensibly remaining on friendly terms, are contemptuous of each other to such a degree that they cannot even treat each other seriously and cannot even insult each one another.
Howard Zinn, A People's History of the United States|Control in modern times requires more than force, more than law. It requires that a population dangerously concentrated in cities and factories, whose lives are filled with cause for rebellion, be taught that all is right as it is.
Gustave Flaubert|But I was also told to hold doors for women and children, to shake hands with a firm grip, to remember people's names, and to always give the customer a little more than expected.
joerobert|Getting married is easy, but divorce is very difficult
Patrick J. Carnes, Sexual Anorexia: Overcoming Sexual Self-Hatred|Goddess of immemorable cloudy veils, reveal your magickal powers so we may re-attune our psyches to your multi-dimensional realities and thereby draw your power to heal this worldly habitat and return it to the provocative Sisterhood of Your Milky Way.
