Joel Rosenberg|A man can be short and dumpy and getting bald but if he has fire, women will like him.
Gregory Maguire, A Lion Among Men|Thinking? You're not thinking. You're reasoning without reasons, and that's just another word for prejudice.
George Lynch|The actual truth has never written about any war, and this will be no exception.
Dita Von Teese|I find that a man is as old as his work. If his work keeps him from moving forward, he will look forward with the work.
Dannika Dark, Six Months|You started caring about somebody, you did stupid things.
Emily Giffin, Love the One You're With|Despite the fact that I have no regrets about how things turned out in my life, I still can't help wanting to understand my intense relationship with Leo, as well as that turbulent time between adolescence and adulthood when everything feels raw and invigorating and scary-and why those feelings are all coming back to me now.
Bruce Schneier|To build refuges of my own making is to construct fortresses of sand at ocean’s edge, where the relentless tides of time will leave my most magnificently constructed walls as perfectly flat sand. And now that I am subject to the very tides that destroyed these walls of mine, I am left with the reality that my single and sole refuge can only be the God who created both tides and sand.
J.C. Ryle|We live in a day of abounding vagueness and indistinctness on doctrinal subjects in religion. Now, if ever, it is the duty of all advocates of clear, well-defined, sharply-cut theology, to supply proof that their views are thoroughly borne out by Scripture.
Sri Chinmoy|If we can feel that it is not our voice, not our fingers, but some reality deep inside our heart which is expressing itself, then we will know that it is the soul’s music.
Richard Wright, Native Son|All it takes to be a voice against injustice, is to say something against it.
Doreen Cronin|It was a girl playing a harp, like in an orchestra. It was in this tree at our campsite. And since it was breezy weather that weekend, the girl's arms were almost always turning.
Thom Mayne|I read whenever possible, and I buy books all the time, sometimes online, but mostly from bookshops. I love literature. If you want to understand art, it's important to understand what is also happening in literature, in music, in science, in architecture.
Russell Beland|Her date was pleasant enough, but she knew that if her life was a movie this guy would be buried in the credits as something like "Second Tall Man".
Michele Bachmann|There has been a failure to grasp how competing narratives fight for the attention of angry young Muslims, and we have grossly underestimated the appeal of the jihadist brand.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|You may lose paradise, but gain heaven when you rise up and repent. The success that comes after a temporal failure is an amazing spectacular!
Swami Dhyan Giten, Presence - Working from Within. The Psychology of Being|Silence is the source of healing. When we bring things from within ourselves out into the light of awareness, a healing process happens. In the silence, we can let go of all anger, sadness, fear, loneliness and frustration.
Difin Davis|It is good to think; but to think in a right way, that is great!
L. Neil Smith|The idea that a war can be won by standing on the defensive and waiting for the enemy to attack is a dangerous fallacy, which owes its inception to the desire to evade the price of victory.
Ellen Hopkins, Crank|Have you ever had so many thoughts churning inside that you didn't dare let them escape, in case they blew you wide open?
Ken Follett, The Pillars of the Earth|Jack was too absorbed in his work to hear the bell. He was mesmerized by the challenge of making soft, round shapes of hard rock. The stone had a will of its own, and if he tried to make it do something it did not want to do, it would fight him, and his chisel would slip, or dig in too deeply, spoiling the shapes. But once he had got to know the lump of rock in front of him he could transform it. The more difficult the task, the more fascinated he was. He was beginning to feel that the decorative carving demanded by Tom was too easy. Zigzags, lozenges, dogtooth, spirals and plain roll moldings bored him, and even these leaves were rather stiff and repetitive. He wanted to curve natural-looking foliage, pliable and irregular, and copy the different shapes of real leaves, oak and ash and birch.
Dada Bhagwan|Who is doing this? Who am I? What is all this? Who is the doer? Who is the nimit (instrumental doer) of this? If all these remain present ‘at a time’ exactly the way it is, then that is considered shuddha upayog (pure focused applied awareness of the Self, the Soul).
Teodor Flonta, A Luminous Future|I really love folklore. I had read a lot of faerie folklore that informed the books I wrote. I also really love vampire folklore; my eighth grade research paper was on [it]. [With this project,] it was really helpful to think about the way you can use language. When you're writing about faeries, you can't call anyone "fey"; there are certain words that become forbidden because they're actualized in what faeries do. When you write about vampires, you could think the same way about things like the word "red" or "hunger"--it's interesting to think of the ways that the words have double meanings, or different meanings that shifted.
Kimora Lee Simmons|Kathie Lee and I were working together on our 'Live' morning show when she started dating Frank. I always loved trying to get her to tell me about her new romance, and it wasn't long before we were watching them take their vows in front of close friends in Southhampton.
Haruki Murakami, Dance Dance Dance|The peloton was Facebook on wheels-and during this period, information was flying.
Paul Martin|It's not easy to walk out on a marriage and two young kids, and it's the most difficult thing I've ever had to do.
C.S. Lewis, A Grief Observed|No one ever told me that grief felt so like fear. I am not afraid, but the sensation is like being afraid. The same fluttering in the stomach, the same restlessness, the yawning. I keep on swallowing.At other times it feels like being mildly drunk, or concussed. There is a sort of invisible blanket between the world and me. I find it hard to take in what anyone says. Or perhaps, hard to want to take it in. It is so uninteresting. Yet I want the others to be about me. I dread the moments when the house is empty. If only they would talk to one another and not to me.
Wayne W. Dyer|Remember, purpose is about giving...All you can do with your life is to give it away in the service of others.
Elizabeth Cady Stanton|Because wherever I am today, I still owe it to God and I owe it to two men - the Honorable Elijah Muhammad and Malcolm X and of course, two very special women, my mother and my wife.
Roman Payne, The Basement Trains|Be there a picnic for the devil,an orgy for the satyr,and a wedding for the bride.
William Manchester|The hero acts alone, without encouragement, relying solely on conviction and his own inner resources. Shame does not discourage him; neither does obloquy. Indifferent to approval, reputation, wealth, or love, he cherishes only his personal sense of honor, which he permits no one else to judge.[…] Guided by an inner gyroscope, he pursues his vision single-mindedly, undiscouraged by rejections, defeat, or even the prospect of imminent death.
Andrea Hirata|I've realized through the years that I just find happiness in other things, whether it's my dogs or my friends or, like, looking at the sunset. So if I were to wish for something else, it would just to be happy all the time, to have a superpower of not letting things affect me, and to be true to who I am, always.
oladosu feyikogbon|Your destiny is in your mind, just faith it and have a brighter destination.
Tom Cotton|Under the cover of encryption, terror masterminds provide recruits with the tactics and tools necessary to carry out attacks using small arms and explosives. None of this requires any overseas travel.
J.P. Vaswani|Let us revolt against the nightmare, and work together for a kinder world.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|Unborn, never died, ever alive - thus is the Ultimate Reality. Of God. And of the Universal Self. As too, your own.
Voltairine de Cleyre, The Voltairine de Cleyre Reader|Question with boldness even the existence of aGod; because, if there be one, he must more approve ofthe homage of reason than that of blindfolded fear.
Curtis Tyrone Jones|The deeper magic always comes, in the intense sorcery of your inner silence.
Jean-Michel Jarre|I'm not very technically minded. I mean, I don't know how to do e-mail on computers.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|There is a specific feeling that comes about during the dying embers of a relationship. Different from the Monday morning quarrels before work because you two are tired, different from the “I’m not going to talk to you for a while because I am mad at you” silences. Breaks ups happen instantly, yet the process occurs over a gradual period of time, with tear by tear until what was once whole, rips into two. Breakups are the disappointment we feel when we wanted our lover to finish the story with an exclamation mark, but instead are left with a question mark.
Caroline Leavitt, Pictures of You|In any honest analysis, change is the basis of fear, the idea of something new, of some paradigm that is unfamiliar, that is beyond our experiences so completely that we cannot even truly predict where is will lead us.
J.R.R. Tolkien|The deceitfulness of the heart of man appears in no one thing so much as this of spiritual pride and self-righteousness. The subtlety of Satan appears in its height, in his managing persons with respect to this sin. And perhaps one reason may be that here he has most experience; he knows the way of its coming in; he is acquainted with the secret springs of it: it was his own sin. Experience gives vast advantage in leading souls, either in good or evil.
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|He who has felt the deepest grief is best able to experience supreme happiness. We must have felt what it is to die, Morrel, that we may appreciate the enjoyments of life. Live, then, and be happy, beloved children of my heart, and never forget, that until the day when God will deign to reveal the future to man, all human wisdom is contained in these two words, - ‘Wait and hope.’ – Your friend, Edmond Dantes, Count of Monte Cristo. The eyes of both were fixed on the spot indicated by the sailor, and on the blue-line separating the sky from the Mediterranean Sea, they perceived a large white sail.
Stephen    Mitchell, Ray D. Shosay's Journal: Dispatches from a (Junior) Suite in Paris|In such societies it is common for ordinary people to seek out celibate spiritual leaders for marriage, love and sometimes sexual guidance. This strikes me as a particularly stupid kind of folly. Nobody ever asks a vegetarian for a recommendation for a steak house
Andrei Bely, The Silver Age of Russian Culture: An Anthology|They think thee mad? I'll show thou mad, my lord.
Elizabeth Noble, When You Were Mine|They were two burnt lovers, too similar and too different at the same time.
Erin Morgenstern, The Night Circus|Ignorance is king. Many would not profit by his abdication. Many enrich themselves by means of his dark monarchy. They are his Court, and in his name they defraud and govern, enrich themselves and perpetuate their power.
Pittacus Lore, Five's Betrayal|I watch Ethan try to connect the dots in his head, And suddenly his face falls into a sad smile."Oh," he says. And that's all.I walk over to him, my bare feet sinking into the sand as I trudge along. He's grinning at me now, but it's not the usual plastered-on smile he usually has. This one is somehow more authentic.When I'm within a few feet of him, he holds his arms out."You're going to be such a good leader," he says. "I'm so proud of you, Five."I embrace Ethan. His arms fold around me as he pats me on the back. He lets out a long, slow sigh and then starts to say something. I cut him off before he can get the words out. I can't stand to hear him say another thing."Ethan, I'm really sorry about this. But it's for the best."I can feel his body clench as the blade slips out of my forearm sheath and into his back. It slides between his ribs-a lucky shot- then retracts back into my hoodie sleeve. It's over in an instant. I step away from him. He stands frozen, probably in shock. There's a deep spot of read blooming across the right side of his chest where the blade must have broken the skin. Blood drops down from the hidden wrist sheath, running over my right hand before falling from my fingertips to the sand."It's over," I murmur, more to myself than to Ethan. He's probably not paying much attention to what I have to say. Tears are welling in his good eye, but I don't know if they're for me or for himself. He blinks once and then falls to the beach with a soft thud.
Colin Dickey, Ghostland: An American History in Haunted Places|These days, there are angry ghosts all around us, dead from wars, sickness, starvation--and nobody cares. So you say you're under a curse? Well, so what? So's the whole damned world.
Queen Latifah|I am really interested in eccentric minds. It's rather like being fascinated by how cars work. It's really boring if your car works all the time. But as soon as something happens, you get the bonnet up. If someone has an abnormal or dysfunctional state of mind, you get the bonnet up.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, Risk It, Be Different|Marriage is the only Institution With One Access: Entrance Only, No Exit, No Outing Option So Look Well Before You Dive Into It
Rola Mahmoud|Throughout life, we are put into boxes to categorize how people see and know us. This is how stereotypes originate, because people would rather read the labels on the box instead of taking a look and seeing what's inside
Pierre Abélard, The Letters of Abélard and Héloïse|Against the disease of writing one must take special precautions, since it is a dangerous and contagious disease.
Solange nicole|Incidentally, although the Cistercians did much to improve the quality of sheep, the animal remained much smaller than its modern descendants; as late as the early eighteenth century a sheep wasn't much bulkier than a Labrador Dog.
William Shakespeare|Knowing I lov'd my books, he furnish'd me From mine own library with volumes that I prize above my dukedom.
Aadii Mughal|Thinking Too Much can Disturbs Your Other Important Strategies, SO Stop thinking take Action
Daniel Mendelsohn|Authority could derive from passion, not pieces of paper.
Denis Waitley|True courage is not the brutal force of vulgar heroes, but the firm resolve of virtue and reason.
Lilly Gayle, Out of the Darkness|There are no endings for any of us, happy orotherwise, until we die. A fairy tale only endshappily because that’s the point where thestoryteller stops telling the story.
Daniel J. Flynn, Intellectual Morons: How Ideology Makes Smart People Fall for Stupid Ideas|What never fails inside the mind of an intellectual never works outside the confines of his head. The world’s stubborn refusal to vindicate the intellectual’s theories serves as proof of humanity’s irrationality, not his own. Thus, the true believer retrenches rather than rethinks; he launches a war on the world, denying reality because it fails to conform to his theories. If intellectuals are not prepared to reconcile theory and practice, then why do they bother to venture outside the ivory tower or the coffeehouse? Why not stay in the world of abstractions and fantasy?
Siriworn Kaewkan, The Murder Case of Tok Imam Storpa Karde|I came only to report the news, to gather information. I didn't come to find out the truth.
Hannah Arendt|Our landscapes connect us to our history; they are the source of our character as a peopl, as well as our health, our safety, and our prosperity. Natural resources enrich us economically, yes. But they also enrich us aesthetically and recreationally and culturally and spiritually.
Stephen Richards|It is how hard you want, what you want that gets it.
Kirsty Logan, The Rental Heart and Other Fairytales|It began with the Christmas tree lights. They were candy-bright, mouth-size. She wanted to feel the lightness of them on her tongue, the spark on her tastebuds. Without him life was so dark, and all the holiday debris only made it worse. She promised herself she wouldn't bite down.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|Observing the medical histories of various neurological syndromes is like observing the fascinating nerve cells of the human brain in action, while they construct what we so proudly call the Human Consciousness. They remind us of the overwhelming aspects of human silliness. They remind us how such a simple natural response of the human Biology, is misinterpreted as the “last surviving mystery” of this planet.
Michelle Geaney|It may be a tough world, but its a magical world;Where a mere sunset will make you smile....Amidst all the hardships, When the life you want to live seems a strange place,Be the first to chart this new territory;And leave a clear path for others to follow,They will follow.........You do not have to fell the pressure to lead....You merely followed the horizon where the sun set,which became a beautiful sunrise...Your Sunrise.....
Daniel Gilbert|'Blind Curve,' the book I'm working on now, sprang from a crazy incident that happened to me last year while on my book tour. I was pulled out of my car for a minor traffic violation - an incident that escalated into my being thrown into cuffs and told I was going to jail. Except in my story, the hero doesn't get off as easily as I did.
Imam Shah|The woman, who is not the wife, has no right to receive the seed of the man, because it is the man and not the woman, who has to bear the responsibility for his seed.
Cedric Richmond|It is really very important while you are young to live in an environment in which there is no fear. Most of us, as we grow older, become frightened; we are afraid of living, afraid of losing a job, afraid of tradition, afraid of what the neighbours, or what the wife or husband would say, afraid of death.
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|There are two ways each of us can approach life: spending our days meeting our needs or looking for ways to meet others' needs. The mystery is that when we spend our life focused on our own needs, we are never satisfied... but when we pour out our life and focus on how we can serve others... our deepest needs are met as well!
Eugene H. Peterson, Perseverance: A Long Obedience in the Same Direction|Joy is not a requirement of Christian discipleship, it is a consequence. It is not what we have to acquire in order to experience life in Christ; it is what comes to us when we are walking in the way of faith and obedience.
Alain Robbe-Grillet|I felt condemned to obscurity and to celibacy. But when one is driven by passion, one can live on almost nothing, and I was driven by passion for writing. One does not starve in modern, Western societies, and one can do without such amenities as the telephone, a car, entertainment.
Robert M. Drake|If I lived a million lives, I would've felt a million feelings and I still would've fallen a million times for you.
Amal Sagheer|But if you close your eyes,does it almost feel like nothing changed at all?
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|If the light's not in you, you're in the dark.
Tony Judt|We die only once, and for such a long time.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|The marginal utility of money to any individual, i.e., the marginal utility derivable from the goods that can be obtained with the given quantity of money or that must be surrendered for the required money, presupposes a certain exchange-value of the money; so the latter cannot be derived from the former. 1 Those who have realized the significance of historically-transmitted values in the determination of the objective exchange-value of money will not find great difficulty in escaping from this apparently circular argument.
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|To recover the purest Zero mind, and cosmic consciousness, we first have to attain an earth consciousness.
William Ritter, Jackaby|There, little girl, don't read,You're fond of your books, I know,But Brother might mopeIf he had no hopeOf getting ahead of you.It's dull for a boy who cannot lead.There, little girl, don't read.
William Blake|But unlike you," said Jace, "there is nothing of hell in us.""You are mortal; you age; you die," the Queen said dismissively. "If that is not hell, pray tell me, what is?
Lindsey Buckingham|If we study learning as a data science, we can reverse engineer the human brain and tailor learning techniques to maximize the chances of student success. This is the biggest revolution that could happen in education, turning it into a data-driven science, and not such a medieval set of rumors professors tend to carry on.
V.E. Schwab, A Darker Shade of Magic|Criminals should be punished, not fed pastries.
Clarence Darrow|Museums are managers of consciousness. They give us an interpretation of history, of how to view the world and locate ourselves in it. They are, if you want to put it in positive terms, great educational institutions. If you want to put it in negative terms, they are propaganda machines.
Jim Lovell|We're raising our girls to understand the real meaning of Christmas, and to know that it's most important to have Christmas in your heart. We go to our local mall and donate toys, and we say prayers for all the people in the world who might not be as lucky as we are.
Garrett Carr, The Rule of the Land: Walking Ireland's Border|Old, is it?" the man asks."Yes, very.""Pre-war, is it?""Yes," I say. "If by war you mean the Norman invasion.
Lydia Millet|For books I want to keep reading, it's definitely the voice. It must be a voice I've never heard before, and it must have its own particular intelligence. By 'voice,' I don't mean vernacular. It has to have its own particular history and world that it inhabits.
Noam Chomsky, The Culture of Terrorism|Respectable opinion would never consider an assessment of the Reagan Doctrine or earlier exercises in terms of their actual human costs, and could not comprehend that such an assessment—which would yield a monstrous toll if accurately conducted on a global scale—might perhaps be a proper task in the United States. At the same level of integrity, disciplined Soviet intellectuals are horrified over real or alleged American crimes, but perceive their own only as benevolent intent gone awry, or errors of an earlier day, now overcome; the comparison is inexact and unfair, since Soviet intellectuals can plead fear as an excuse for their services to state violence.
St. Mark the Ascetic|When you are wronged and your heart and feelings are hardened, do not be distressed, for this has happened providentially; but be glad and reject the thoughts that arise within you, knowing that if they are destroyed at the stage when they are only provocations, their evil consequences will be cut off, whereas if the thoughts persist the evil may be expected to develop.
Fernando Alonso Díaz|Fate is a fickle bitch. Just when you believe you've secured the goose that lays the golden egg, she back heels you in the bollocks.
Kathryn Stockett, The Help|Truth.It feels cool, like water washing over my sticky-hot body. Cooling a heat that's been burning me up all my life.Truth, I say inside my head again, just for that feeling.
Riley Keough|There is perhaps no more rewarding romance heroine than she who is not expected to find love. The archetype comes in many disguises - the wallflower, the spinster, the governess, the single mom - but always with one sad claim: Love is not in her cards.
Russell M. Nelson|Since beginning my work in areas like addiction, for example, I have seen time and time again that the roots of poor mental health in adulthood are almost always present in unresolved childhood challenges.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Lectures to My Students|JFK to RFK: To survive in politics, you sometimes have to be willing to make fun of yourself.
Maggie Stiefvater, Forever|Ah, Macy Joleen O'James, I love you. More than I ever knew it was possible to love someone. I want to laugh with you when you're happy and hold you when you're sad and--hell. I don't even know what all. This is uncharted territory for me, but I know that I Buzz Lightyear love you. You know--to infinity and beyond?
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Anyone who wants to prevent you from making other people happy is an enemy. If you are stopping yourself from making others happy, you are your own enemy.
Robert Greene, The 48 Laws of Power|When you show yourself to the world and display your talents, you naturally stir all kinds of resentment, envy, and other manifestations of insecurity... you cannot spend your life worrying about the petty feelings of others
Lene Fogelberg, Beautiful Affliction|In strength the body only knows itself, is full of itself, its movements, its words, but in weakness is the invisible and the whisperings.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett|Grind until you get it no matter what the haters say and never look back, keep striving cause its your life.
Tanja Kobasic|Yes, life is hard, but it's not a bad way to pass the time. When all is said and done, I recommend it.
Julia Stiles|Our biggest fear is that 'Food, Inc.' will move heavy-handed food-safety regulations forward.
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|It takes not a few centuries, or even millenniums, but millions of years for a subtle evolutionary change to become noticeable.
Robert Toombs|The American economic, political, and social organization has given to its citizens the benefits of material prosperity, political liberty, and a wholesome natural equality; and this achievement is a gain, not only to Americans, but to the world and to civilization.
Erik Pevernagie|Being caught up in a game without having a clue about the rules, may be extremely maddening and frustrating. Liberty may be so frightening and grueling, that many don’t conceal their passion for rules and regulations, since these can give a relieving feeling of security and protection. ("When forgetting the rules of the game" )
Apolo Anton Ohno|People underestimate the importance of dilligence as a virtue. No doubt it has something to do with how supremely mundane it seems. It is defined as "the constant and earnest effort to accomplish what is undertaken."... Understood, however, as the prerequisite of great accomplishment, diligence stands as one of the most difficult challenges facing any group of people who take on tasks of risk and consequence. It sets a high, seemingly impossible, expectation for performance and human behavior.
Julius Caesar|Obstacles, of course, are developmentally necessary: they teach kids strategy, patience, critical thinking, resilience and resourcefulness.
Henry Beston, The Outermost House: A Year of Life On The Great Beach of Cape Cod|To be able to see and study undisturbed the processes of nature--I like better the old Biblical phrase "mighty works"--is an opportunity for which any man might feel reverent gratitude, and here at last, in this silence and isolation of winter, a whole region was mine whose innermost natural life might shape itself to its ancient courses without the hindrance and interferences of man. No one came to kill, no one came to explore, no one even came to see. Earth, ocean, and sky, the triune unity of this coast, pursued each one their vast and mingled purposes as untroubled by man as a planet on its course about the sun.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Love the Lord God, with all your heart, soul, mind and strength.
Kym Whitley|I realize that of all people, I am no expert on parenting or marriage.
Morihei Ueshiba|Teaching is a profession in which capacity building should occur at every stage of the career - novices working with accomplished colleagues, skillful teachers sharing their craft, and opportunities for teacher leadership.
Albert malete|weather you scream or mime , im going going to those lips with cream.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|Although at times you might want to detract from the path, realize that how you treat yourself becomes the foundation as to how you treat others; although we may want to resort to violence in words during conflict, understand that how you speak to others becomes the basis of how you speak to yourself; although we may want to give up; do not be fooled in the idea that ease and comfort is where your true path lies.
Debasish Mridha|Love and compassion are the creating and sustaining elements of humanity, without them humanity will be inhumane.
Thomas Pynchon, Gravity's Rainbow|It's been a prevalent notion. Fallen sparks. Fragments of vessels broken at the Creation. And someday, somehow, before the end, a gathering back to home. A messenger from the Kingdom, arriving at the last moment. But I tell you there is no such message, no such home -- only the millions of last moments . . . nothing more. Our history is an aggregate of last moments.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Silence|When we become silent, we become whole. And when we become whole, we become holy.
Jennifer O'Neill, Soul DNA: Your Spiritual Genetic Code Defines Your Purpose|When you are relaxed about where you are at in life, things tend to flow more fluidly. It is as if you poke three holes in a bucket of water. The same amount of water is going to flow out the holes whether you let it flow or you shake the bucket. The difference is the amount of turmoil on the inside of the bucket!
Jean Leclercq|Doctors of ancient times used to recommend reading to their patients as a physical exercise on an equal level as walking, running, or ball-playing.
L.A. Weatherly|You know, you really don't have to kill anyone over this. I'll get an annulment. It will be like never happened"His eyes came to her, briefly meeting her gaze before dropping to her mouth. "You'll have to make that a divorce instead""No you don't understand. An annulment will be much easier to obtain"His gaze locked with hers now. Cassie became slightly breathless with the intensity of his stare."Not after tonight, it won't." He said in his mesmerizing drawl."Why?" She barely got the word out."Because i'm in the mood to play husband""You're what?"He started toward her. She was too stunned to move, so he was there and reaching for her before she had time to think about running."We're having a wedding night," he said as he lifted her off her feet.--
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|If you violate laws of God, you're a sinner.If you violate laws of men, you're a criminal.If you violate your own laws, you're pathetic.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|When facts give way to faith, then and only then do you unlock the possibilities within.
Laura   Lane, Two Mothers, One Prayer: Facing your Child's Cancer with Hope, Strength, and Courage|If you learn to develop an abundant mentality you will not be envious of others, you will celebrate their successes, you share in their joys and pains; don't see life as a competition but a complimentary.
Tui T. Sutherland|I said,’What’s your problem?’ Asshole.” There was a question behind his question, and that shadow question was ‘Do you want to dance?
Ray Bradbury, A Pleasure to Burn: Fahrenheit 451 Stories|Love works in mysterious ways,
Farley Maglaya|We can never see what we never question, for we who escapes, blinds us
Zig Ziglar|In Einstein's equation, time is a river. It speeds up, meanders, and slows down. The new wrinkle is that it can have whirlpools and fork into two rivers. So, if the river of time can be bent into a pretzel, create whirlpools and fork into two rivers, then time travel cannot be ruled out.
Meredith Monk|Most of us were probably less than immaculately honest as teenagers; it's practically encoded into adolescence that you savor your secrets, dress in disguise, carve out some space for experiments and accidents and all the combustible lab work of becoming who you are.
Bethany Griffin, Masque of the Red Death|Then again, there’s nothing simple about Will. I think back to what he can do—bend earth, resist shading, his immense strength—and it’s glaringly inaccurate to consider him a human. But then I can’t think of him as a draki either. And this strikes me as sad. Will doesn’t belong anywhere. Not among humans. Not among draki.But he belongs with me. The conviction is still there, as senseless and dangerous as always, seeping into my bones, my heart. A fact I wouldn’t change even if I could.
Beverley Cross, Clash Of The Titans: The Official Illustrated Adaptation Of The Epic Film Of The Yearp|Kenji Mizoguchi is to the cinema what Bach is to music, Cervantes is to literature, Shakespeare is to theatre, Titian is to painting: the very greatest.
Kristin Cashore, Fire|It's not reasonable to love people who are only going to die," she said.Nash thought about that for a moment, stroking Small's neck with great deliberation, as if the fate of the Dells depended on that smooth, careful movement."I have two responses to that," He said at last. "First, everyone is going to die. Second, love is stupid. It has nothing to do with reason. You love whomever you love. Against all reason I loved my father." He looked at her keenly. "Did you love yours?""Yes," she whispered.He stroked Small's nose. "I love you," he said, "even knowing you'll never have me. And I love my brother, more than I ever realized before you came along. You can't help whom you love, Lady. Nor can you know what it's liable to cause you to do.
Katie Kacvinsky, Middle Ground|Some people come to the edge of the cliff and they look over, then run away in fear. They never realize it's possible to fly, to soar, to be free. They spend their lives crawling along cliff tops without finding the courage.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|Time is but the stream I go a-fishing in. I drink at it; but while I drink I see the sandy bottom and detect how shallow it is. Its thin current slides away, but eternity remains.
Kimberley Reeves, Vittorio's Woman|They had a good marriage, a solid relationship that had endured its ups and downs because they’d learned from the mistakes they’d made during their tumultuous beginning. What they’d built together was open and honest and there wasn’t anything they couldn’t talk about with one another.
Orson Scott Card, Xenocide|Contentment comes from wanting what we need, not needing what we want.
Tyga|Growing up, I didn't feel cool; I didn't fit into any crowd.
Anthony Liccione|With the world in a chaos of questions, family should be the answer.
Cate Blanchett|The reason that I'm here at all is because of my relationship with my family and their encouragement of me to be a musician and to work hard. As long as I stay there in that space, I can do anything. That's my truth.
Jules Barbey d'Aurevilly, Le plus bel amour de Don Juan précédé de Le rideau cramoisi|Our secrets, odd or not, are the pins that keep our inner life in place: the inform our psyche with meaning.
Gary Westfal, Dream Operative|Live as though today is your last, love as though tomorrow will never come, and dream as if there are no limits.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When we feel ourselves very weak, life will look immensely powerful and ruthless! The extent of our power is the key factor in determining how powerful life is! The stronger we are the weaker the life will be!
Angela Y. Davis|Fundamentally, I started writing to save my life. Yes, my own life first. I see the same impulse in my students-the dark, the queer, the mixed-blood, the violated-turning to the written page with a relentless passion, a drive to avenge their own silence, invisibility, and erasure as living, innately expressive human beings.
Michael Spence|In our experience at Safeway, we're confident that we can actually improve the quality of health care while taking costs down and using the savings to help finance coverage of low-income people who are clearly going to need help to pay for insurance.
Edmund White|Whether it be a matter of personal relations within a marriage or political initiatives within a peace process, there is no sure-fire do-it-yourself kit.
Henri Frederic Amiel|For a person as obsessed with music as I am, I always hear a song in the back of my head, all the time, and that usually is my own tune. I've done that all my life.
Greg M. Epstein, Good Without God: What a Billion Nonreligious People Do Believe|I only have one prejudice, and that is against those who are prejudiced.
Monica Crowley|In many parts of the world, especially Pakistan and Afghanistan, terrorism, war and conflict stop children to go to their schools. We are really tired of these wars. Women and children are suffering.
Human Angels, We are human angels|The silence was pregnant with noise, with muted fury, with questions the father found too disgusting to frame and with answers to which the son was incapable of giving voice.
Sunday Adelaja|When God breathed life into us, He put His will in us
Heather Demetrios, I'll Meet You There|I thought of all the summer evenings I'd spent sitting in the chairs under the trees beside the trailer, reading books that helped me escape Creek View, at least for a little while. Magical kingdoms, Russian love triangles, and the March sisters couldn't have been further away from the trailer park.
Terry Pratchett, Wintersmith|To animals they were just the weather, just part of everything. But humans arose and gave them names, just as people filled the starry sky with heroes and monsters, because this turned them into stories. And humans loved stories, because once you'd turned things into stories, you could change the stories.
Billy Higgins|Although technical discussions are interesting to composers, I suspect that the truly magical and spiritual powers of music arise from deeper levels of our psyche.
Frédéric Gros, A Philosophy of Walking|An author who composes while walking, on the other hand, is free from such bonds; his thought is not the slave of other volumes, not swollen with verifications, nor weighted with the thought of others. It contains no explanation owed to anyone: just thought, judgement, decision. It is thought born of a movement, an impulse. In it we can feel the body’s elasticity, the rhythm of a dance. It retains and expresses the energy, the springiness of the body. Here is thought about the thing itself, without the scrambling, the fogginess, the barriers, the customs clearances of culture and tradition. The result will not be long and meticulous exegesis, but thoughts that are light and profound. That is really the challenge: the lighter a thought, the more it rises, and becomes profound by rising – vertiginously – above the thick marshes of conviction, opinion, established thought. While books conceived in the library are on the contrary superficial and heavy. They remain on the level of recopying.
Hina Hashmi, Your Life A Practical Guide to Happiness Peace and Fulfilment|People, material and situation come in to our lives because of our thoughts and beliefs. When we don’t want those experiences, we try to push them away. When we use our vital energy in resisting what we don’t want, we attract more of it whether it’s a person, circumstance or challenge.
Neha Yazmin, Chasing Pavements|JAMIE'S SONG 'LOVE TRANSFUSION':I’m not sleeping nights,I’m not doing good.I’m not eating right,have no use for food.All I do is bleed dry for you.But somehow I survive,And wake up with more love for you.It’s not blood running through my veins, it’s you.I’ve had a strange blood transfusion,To add to my confusion.It’s not compatible;I’m going hysterical.It’s some kind of love transfusion.Love transfusion.Love transfusion.I’ve had a strange blood transfusion.Blood transfusion.Blood transfusion. It’s not blood running through my veins, it’s you.
Tim O'Brien|A good piece of fiction, in my view, does not offer solutions. Good stories deal with our moral struggles, our uncertainties, our dreams, our blunders, our contradictions, our endless quest for understanding. Good stories do not resolve the mysteries of the human spirit but rather describe and expand up on those mysteries.
Bernard Werber, Empire of the Ants|The evil that is in the world comes out of ignorance, and good intentions may do as much harm as malevolence, if they lack understanding. One the whole, men are more good than bad; that, however, isn't the real point. But they are more or less ignorant, and it is this that we call vice or virtue; the most incorrigible vice being that of an ignorance that fancies it knows everything and therefore claims for itself the right to kill.
Erin Morgenstern, The Night Circus|It is a matter of perspective, the difference between opponent and partner," Tsukiko says. "You step to the side and the same person can be either or both or something else entirely. It is difficult to know which face is true.
Rodney Crowell|You know I love to spend my mornings, like sunlight dancing on your skin
Thomm Quackenbush, We Shadows|Whatever problems we encountered, we put there. If we trace the line back, every struggle derived from some decision we made. It is not chance, it is how we teach ourselves.
James McAvoy|I am delighted to be joining 'Guardian U.S.'s team as a weekly columnist, and to have the chance to address American and global current events on its distinguished platform. 'Guardian U.S.' brings the 'Guardian's hard-hitting investigative brand to a new focus on American news and opinion.
James Altucher|Sooner or later you must move down an unknown road that leads beyond the range of the imagination, and the only certainty is that the trip has to be made.
Jeff Rasley|My own experiences in the wild rank in value just behind the birth of my children, my wedding, and the memorial services and graduations I’ve attended. I am permanently affected by those solitary encounters with land, sky, and water, and all that’s contained within. I don’t really know if I am a better person because of them, but I am happier for them." Letters, The American Scholar, Autumn 2016
Christine Upton|If I were to measure my successes by the mistakes that I have made & only focus on the lessons that were learned along the way, then that in itself overall, would be a positive step in the right direction.
Jennifer Senior|If you can't do what you really want to do, then do the next best thing!
Candace Bushnell, Lipstick Jungle|The car was on the FDR drive now and, turning her head, she glanced out at the bleak brown buildings of the projects that stretched for blocks along the drive. Something inside her sank at the sight of all that sameness, and she suddenly felt defeated.She shifted uncomfortably in her seat. In the past year, she'd started experiencing these moments of desperate emptiness, as if nothing really mattered, nothing was ever going to change, there was nothing new; and she could see her life stretching before her--one endless long day after the next, in which every day was essentially the same. Meanwhile, time was marching on, and all that was happening to her was that she was getting older and smaller, and one day she would be no bigger than a dot, and then she would simply disappear. Poof! Like a small leaf burned up under a magnifying glass in the sun. These feelings were shocking to her, because she'd never experienced world-weariness before. She'd never had time. All her life, she'd been striving and striving to become this thing that was herself--the entity that was Nico O'Neilly. And then, one morning, time had caught up with her and she had woken up and realized that she was there. She had arrived at her destination, and she had everything she'd worked so hard for: a stunning career, a loving (well, sort of) husband, whom she respected, and a beautiful eleven-year-old daughter whom she adored.She should have been thrilled. But instead, she felt tired. Like all those things belonged to someone else.
Norman Spinrad|If you make a living, if you earn your own money, you're free - however free one can be on this planet.
Jo Baker, Longbourn|Barely grazing, detouring, then connecting.
Auliq Ice|These clever, amoral, inventive, destructive men, single-minded, selfish, emotionally cool, coolly attractive. I think I preferred them to the love of Jesus. They were so necessary, and not only to me. Without them we would still be living in mud huts, waiting to invent the wheel.
Carmen Dell'Orefice|In this age of the electronic media and the mass distribution of the printed word, God will hold us accountable if we do not now move the Book of Mormon in a monumental way.
Walt Whitman|When I was learning to creep, my mother set me down on the beach to see what I thought of it. I crawled straight for the coming wave and was just through the wall of green when she caught my heels.
Randy Susan Meyers, The Murderer's Daughters|Lord Peter's library was one of the most delightful bachelor rooms in London. Its scheme was black and primrose; its walls were lined with rare editions, and its chairs and Chesterfield sofa suggested the embraces of the houris. In one corner stood a black baby grand, a wood fire leaped on a wide old-fashioned hearth, and the Sèvres vases on the chimneypiece were filled with ruddy and gold chrysanthemums. To the eyes of the young man who was ushered in from the raw November fog it seemed not only rare and unattainable, but friendly and familiar, like a colourful and gilded paradise in a mediæval painting
Dr. Asoka Jinadasa|I love Coos Bay, and I love Acid!
Sarah Rees Brennan, The Demon's Covenant|Foul!" yelled Jamie, who seemed extremely happy not to be the one facing a blade. "Distracting technique! Put your shirt back on right now.
Peter Singer, Practical Ethics|I will laugh about this one day, I told myself. I will laugh about it with people so clever and sophisticated I can't imagine them properly now.
Poppet, Aisyx|Alone in the dark all we have are the supernal lights in each others eyes left to illuminate the room, the only sound our breathing.
Dick Van Patten|We wanted a pet food based on sound scientific principles and truth, not marketing hype.
Holly Mosier|Learn to say no to demands, requests, invitations, and activities that leave you with no time for yourself. Until I learned to say no, and mean it, I was always overloaded by stress. You may feel guilty and selfish at first for guarding your down- time, but you’ll soon find that you are a much nicer, more present, more productive person in each instance you do choose to say yes.
Pete Sessions|I assume everything I do in life is gonna be a failure, and then if it turns up roses, then I'm psyched.
Stephen Richards, Street Warrior: The True Story of the Legendary Malcolm Price, Britain's Hardest Man|I’ve had guns pointed at me, and I can tell you that it’s not the right place to be standing if some is really mad at you!
Pamela Clare, Defiant|I never would have conceived that he would finally succumb to marriage. How did you ever convince him?”“I must actually credit Lady Russell. She explained to me that a man desires above all things to think himself his own master. Thus, I had only to convince Marcus that marrying me was entirely his own idea.”-A BREACH OF PROMISE
Elizabeth Winder, Pain, Parties, Work: Sylvia Plath in New York, Summer 1953|That none discussed their doubts, that they assumed everyone else was just having a grand time of it and felt at ease and enjoying the ride, was perhaps the most toxic element to this particular kind of noisy loneliness.
Deborah Feldman, Unorthodox: The Scandalous Rejection of My Hasidic Roots|The deeper irony is that the evidence of sin that are always found in and around the body of Christ may become indirect intimations of its holiness. It could not be a holy church if it had clean hands, as if severed from its task of saving sinners and healing human hurt.
Laurell K. Hamilton, The Laughing Corpse|Killing is no ordinary act,' said the vampire. 'One doesn't simply glut oneself on blood.' He shook his head. 'It is the experience of another's life for certain, and often the experience of the loss of that life through the blood, slowly. It is again and again the experience when I sucked the blood from Lestat's wrist and felt his heart pound with my heart. It is again and again a celebration of that experience; because for vampires that is the ultimate experience.
Neil Gaiman|The best advice I can give on this is, once it's done, to put it away until you can read it with new eyes. Finish the short story, print it out, then put it in a drawer and write other things. When you're ready, pick it up and read it, as if you've never read it before. If there are things you aren't satisfied with as a reader, go in and fix them as a writer: that's revision.
Mike Yaconelli|Remember that failure is an event, not a person.
Ernest Hemingway, For Whom the Bell Tolls|I had an inheritance from my father,It was the moon and the sun.And though I roam all over the world,The spending of it’s never done.
Janet Fitch|When you have no future, you live in the past.
Kendall Jenner|I always liked to write and had fun writing, but I didn't have any pretensions about being a writer. I liked to read and liked to putz around and write little stories or poems, but my thing was sports.
Pushkar Saraf|How Ironic, when you do business you create exceptions to create new opportunities, when you write code (do a job) you handle exception to make it clean.
Oswald Mosley|The greatest power is not money power, but political power.
Lemony Snicket, The Bad Beginning|As one judge said to another judge: be just. And if you can’t be just, be arbitrary
C. JoyBell C.|I know from the bottom of my heart and with all of it, that it doesn't matter if at the end of your life you can say that you shared the best of yourself with the rest of the world and it doesn't matter if everyone in the world remembers you as wonderful; but what matters is if at the end of your life you can say that you shared the best of yourself with the handful of people who are around you, that you gave the wonderful in you, to the people you love and who love you. Happiness never has and never will come from fame.
Jennifer Megan Varnadore|This is days and days and months and years and all the minutes in between, just you me.
Molly Wizenberg|The minute you land in New Orleans, something wet and dark leaps on you and starts humping you like a swamp dog in heat, and the only way to get that aspect of New Orleans off you is to eat it off. That means beignets and crayfish bisque and jambalaya, it means shrimp remoulade, pecan pie, and red beans with rice, it means elegant pompano au papillote, funky file z'herbes, and raw oysters by the dozen, it means grillades for breakfast, a po' boy with chowchow at bedtime, and tubs of gumbo in between. It is not unusual for a visitor to the city to gain fifteen pounds in a week--yet the alternative is a whole lot worse. If you don't eat day and night, if you don't constantly funnel the indigenous flavors into your bloodstream, then the mystery beast will go right on humping you, and you will feel its sordid presence rubbing against you long after you have left town. In fact, like any sex offender, it can leave permanent psychological scars.
Sunday Adelaja|For a large majority of youth raised in church, the church has become irrelevant to their goals and pursuits in life
Sam Cooke|Well that's very kind of you, but voices ought not be measured by how pretty they are. Instead they matter only if they convince you that they are telling the truth.
Tahereh Mafi, Unravel Me|Loneliness is a strange sort of thing.It creeps up on you, quiet and still, sits by your side in the dark, strokes your hair as you sleep. It wraps itself around your bones,squeezing so tight you almost can’t breathe. It leaves lies in your heart, lies next to you at night, leaches the light out from every corner.It’s a constant companion, clasping your hand only to yank you down when you’re struggling to stand up.You wake up in the morning and wonder who you are. You fail to fall asleep at night and tremble in your skin.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Palm Reading 101•	Palm Up— Conveys openness, service, humility, and sympathy.•	Palm Down—Demonstrates authority, superiority, and control.•	Palm Vertical—Shows you are meeting on equal terms with a mutually respectful greeting.•	Palm Wet, Cold, or Clammy—Ick! The "dead fish" is creepy. Make your hands warm and dry before reaching out to touch someone, please! It can also be conveyed as being nervous or over-excited.•	Palm Perfect—This is my favorite. Better known as the "hand hug." While you are shaking hands with your right hand, place your left hand on top, wrapping both people in warmth and trust. This two-handed shake illustrates affection, caring, or concern, especially when you then reach up to grasp their arm or shoulder.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you follow your heart, you will be happy.
Banana Yoshimoto, Asleep|It didn't matter whether he was nearby or far away. His image would drift up into your mind just when you least expected it, shocking you, making your chest pound. Making your heart ache.
DaShanne Stokes|If you voted for a man who said "Grab em by the pussy," you have zero room to claim to protect anyone in bathrooms.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|Poor God, how often He is blamed for all the suffering in theworld. It’s like praising Satan for allowing all the good that happens.
Amy Purdy|The story of life is quicker than the blink of an eye, the story of love is hello, goodbye.
Pierangelo Isernia|The moon was just starting to rise above the Tetons, shining
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Without an anchor, we can be drifted to any shore.
G.S. Jennsen, Dissonance|The universe is not ordered, and it will not become so simply because one wishes it. The universe is chaos made manifest. The military does a fine job of creating an illusion of structure, of dependable rules to provide an answer for every situation. “But it is only an illusion, one which on its best days holds the chaos at bay.
Natalie Goldberg, Wild Mind: Living the Writer's Life|After you have finished a piece of work, the work is then none of your business. Go on and do something else.
Richelle Mead, Frostbite|Dimitri's voice snapped my attention back to him. "That's Adrian Ivashkov." He said the name the same way everyone else did. "Yeah, I know.""This is the second time I've seen you with him.""Yeah," I replied glibly. "We hang out sometimes."Dimitri arched an eyebrow, then jerked his head back toward where we'd come from. "You hang out in his room a lot?"Several retorts popped into my head, and then a golden one took precedence. "What happens between him and me is none of your business." I managed a tone very similar to the one he'd used on me when making a similar comment about him and Tasha. "Actually, as long as you're at the Academy, what you do is my business.""Not my personal life. You don't have any say in that.
Alan Bennett|They fuck you up, your mum and dad', and if you're planning on writing that's probably a good thing. But if you are planning on writing and they haven't fucked you up, well, you've got nothing to go on, so then they've fucked you up good and proper.
Anaïs Nin|The dream was always running ahead of me. To catch up, to live for a moment in unison, was the miracle.
Sage Steadman, Upon Destiny's Song|They looked to each other for support, for strength, and at times, motivation, to remember why and for whom they lived.
Anne Sullivan Macy|Eventually our whole world, every culture, will explode and we'll all just be fucking cosmic dust. We'll all dissipate. We'll all be nothing and everything. What's more spiritual than that?
Torry Martin, Of Moose and Men: Lost and Found in Alaska|Life is a series of deaths and resurrections, losses and gains, pain and joy.
Tom McDonough, The Situationists and the City: A Reader|The city's all brightnessand shadow, deckle-edged, bluer than air-there's no help anywhere-you no longer know how to listen.
Joyce Meyer|It is a truism that almost any sect, cult, or religion will legislate its creed into law if it acquires the political power to do so.
Laura Esquivel, Malinche|If men were equal in America, all these Poles and English and Czechs and blacks, then they were equal everywhere, and there was really no such thing as foreigner; there were only free men and slaves.
Mouloud Benzadi|humans without humanity, a war-torn world for eternity
Roberto Cavalli|If somebody for some reason, for music or for movie, becomes famous, it's because they have something, something special.
Tom Robbins, Skinny Legs and All|But these words people threw around - humans, monsters, heroes, villains - to Victor it was all just a matter of semantics. Someone could call themselves a hero and still walk around killing dozens. Someone else could be labeled a villain for trying to stop them. Plenty of humans were monstrous, and plenty of monsters knew how to play at being human.
Hermione Lee, Virginia Woolf|Wherever he went he left footprints so firm that nobody could later efface or blur them, not even he himself, when on rare occasions he was tempted to do so.
Elisa Marie Hopkins, A Diamond in the Rough|Idk what the fuck just happened to us. We used to talk like hell pelhay but now days we act like as if we don't know each other and there's some kinda fight between us. I still want you to stay in my life, as a friend and even more than that but the only thing that I want from you is your acceptance. You think that I don't talk to you or stuff and I'm trying to ignore you but trust me I never tried to ignore. You know what I just can't ignore even when I want too. And if you still think that I'm the only one who have changed and etc so I'm really sorry and honestly I just can not stay away from you. Love you
Malcolm Gladwell, Blink: The Power of Thinking Without Thinking|In everything, depend upon yourself, but work in harmony with all things. Do not depend even upon the Infinite, but learn to work and live in harmony with the Infinite. The highest teachings of the Christ reveal most clearly the principle that no soul was created to be a mere helpless instrument in the hands of Supreme Power, but that every soul should act and live in perfect oneness with that Power. And the promise is that we all are not only to do the things that Christ did, but even greater things.
Steve Maraboli|Mindset matters... always. The difference found between the victorious and the envious, the successful and the haters; is mindset.
Marilyn Sewell, Raw Faith: Following the Thread|[V]alue your dreams but . . . be wary of them also, . . . look for integrity in unusual places.
Elizabeth Debicki|I mean, we must act with intelligence. We must work on this framework, so that immigration becomes an asset to both nations. Believe me, what - just the Mayor Bloomberg said here in New York, that this city would be stopped, totally stopped if it were not by the immigrants working here.
Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra, Don Quixote|After the gratifications of brutish appetites are past, the greatest pleasure then is to get rid of that which entertained it.
Megan Whalen Turner, The Queen of Attolia|Oda once said that when you speak excessively, it isn't necessarily communicating,” Jimmi says as he hunches over, resting his elbows on his knees. He yawns and doesn't cover his mouth.“What does that mean?”“It means that you can shut your mouth and still say what you need to say using the other gifts the gods gave us.
Aileen Rose, Girl In The Woods|His voice is hoarse. "I am going to make love to you now." He says, "So if you want me to stop, tell me."I shake my head frantically. If he stops at this point, I'll probably die.
John Paul II, Love and Responsibility|Take away from love the fullness of self surrender, the completeness of personal commitment, and what remains will be a total denial and negation of it.
Francine Rivers, Her Mother's Hope|And if it (life) were easier, would i have given my heart so fully to God? Put your hope in Him, and you won't be disappointed by what life offers
Kindle Alexander, Always|Sarah turned around and there standing just a few feet from her was the legend himself, and he was far from disappointing.
Catherynne M. Valente, In the Night Garden|Children make prayers so thoughtlessly, building them up like sand castles—and they are always surprised when suddenly the castle becomes real, and the iron gate grinds shut.
Rowan Williams|I eat really healthy, and if I'm tired, I take a nap.
Kaza Kingsley, The Secret of Ashona|I asked, how is knowledge found? 'You must learn how to read, little sister,' he said.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|The biggest wall you have to climb is the one you build in your mind: Never let your mind talk you out of your dreams, trick you into giving up. Never let your mind become the greatest obstacle to success. To get your mind on the right track, the rest will follow.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Avoid the man without compassion, because he ain’t a man surely!
Holly Madison|I was dating my first boyfriend in high school for a long time, and we broke up before prom. I hadn't met anyone else that I really wanted to go with, and my friends have always been amazing. So I went with my friends and got a million photos with them!
Bill Maher, When You Ride Alone You Ride With Bin Laden: What the Government Should Be Telling Us to Help Fight the War on Terrorism|In giving freedom to the slave, we assure freedom to the free -- honorable alike in what we give, and what we preserve. We shall nobly save, or meanly lose, the last best hope of earth
A.W. Tozer, The Knowledge of the Holy|For this reason the gravest question before the Church is always God Himself, and the most portentous fact about any man is not what he at a given time may say or do, but what he in his deep heart conceives God to be like. We tend by a secret law of the soul to move toward our mental image of God.
Craig Sager|As a young boy, I had the usual hobbies - sports, baseball cards, model airplanes and trains. But I always had a distinct fascination with trains.
Eraldo Banovac|Only a clear, focused, and common mission can hold the organization together and enable it to produce results.
Honore de Balzac|Whenever we have thanked these men and women for what they have done for us, without exception they have expressed gratitude for having the chance to help - because they grew as they served.
Richard Avedon|I'm the most communal person that exists and a very solitary person. So I think writing is a form of getting to the community and being alone, and it's the best of both possible worlds.
Dale McGowan, Parenting Beyond Belief: On Raising Ethical, Caring Kids Without Religion|Ought we not to love dearly the neighbor, who truly represents to us the sacred Person of our Master? And is this not one of the most powerful motives we could have for loving each other with an ardently burning love?
Jane Olson, Counting Calories: A True Story From An Average Jane Who Lost Over 120 Pounds In Less Than 6 Months|Having low self-esteem and a shield of lard are not guarantees of safety. Having a warrior spirit, high self worth (most people are assaulted by someone they know, so if you think you're only worthy of hanging out with controlling low-life's, that's who you'll attract into your circle) and the ability to run, hit, kick and holler loudly are far more effective weapons against victimization.
Peter Orullian, Unfettered|Know what’s worse than cold turkey? Just a little bump. One tiny sip to take the edge off. The edges never went away, they only got sharper. Every addict would tell you. Gray areas couldn’t exist in a sober environment.
Arne Jacobsen|Architecture tends to consume everything else, it has become one's entire life.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Live life, love life.
Suzi Quatro|Is there any purpose to translating poetry? A poem does not contain information of importance, like a signpost or a warning notice.
Anita Diamant, The Red Tent|I can speak of our baby like this to no one else. Who but his father would linger over the exact width of his gummy little smile or the blueness of his eyes, or the sweetness of his little lick of tawny hair on his forehead?
Terry Pratchett, Hogfather|Continuing to play the victim is a self-fulfilling prophecy. Blaming others for your station in life will indeed make you a victim but the perpetrator will be your own self, not life or those around you.
Marco Tulliio Cicerone|If a man should ascend alone into heaven and behold clearly the structure of the universe and the beauty of the stars, there would be no pleasure for him in the awe-inspiring sight, which would have filled him with delight if he had had someone to whom he could describe what he had seen. Nature abhors solitude.
Hank Bracker, The Exciting Story of Cuba: Understanding Cuba's Present by Knowing Its Past|Flights to Santiago de CubaSantiago de Cuba has the Antonio Maceo Airport (MUCU/SCU), which was home to the Cuban Revolutionary Armed Forces. The airport is essentially a turboprop hub, however it can also accommodate mid-sized jet aircraft. There are about twenty international flights each week, but most arrivals are by domestic airlines. The eastern location and the international status of MUCU/SCU has spurred the interest of foreign airlines as a promising future destination. All in all, Cuba now has ten international airports, capable of serving long range flights. “Santiago de Cuba has the Antonio Maceo Airport (MUCU/SCU), which was home to the Cuban Revolutionary Armed Forces. The airport is essentially a turboprop hub, however it can also accommodate mid-sized jet aircraft. There are about twenty international flights each week, but most arrivals are by domestic airlines. The eastern location and the international status of MUCU/SCU has spurred the interest of foreign airlines as a promising future destination. All in all, Cuba now has ten international airports, capable of serving long range flights.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|Headline?" he asked."'Swing Set Needs Home,'" I said."'Desperately Lonely Swing Set Needs Loving Home,'" he said."'Lonely, Vaguely Pedophilic Swing Set Seeks the Butts of Children,'" I said.
Juliet Marillier, Son of the Shadows|Dawn will come,’ I told him quietly. ‘The night can be very dark; but I’ll stay by you until the sun rises. These shadows cannot touch you while I am here. Soon we’ll see the first hint of grey in the sky, the color of a pigeon’s coat, then the smallest touch of the sun’s finger, and one bird will be bold enough to wake first and sing of tall trees and open skies and freedom. Then all will brighten and color will wash across the earth and it will be a new day. I will stay with you, until then.
Jen Knox, After the Gazebo|Beware, then, of the long word that's no better than the short word: "assistance" (help), "numerous" (many), "facilitate" (ease), "Individual" (man or woman), "remainder" (rest), "initial" (first), "implement" (do), "sufficient" (enough), "attempt" (try), "referred to as" (called), and hundreds more. Beware of all the slippery new fad words: paradigm and parameter, prioritize and potentialize. They are all weeds that will smother what you write. Don't dialogue with someone you can talk to. Don't interface with anybody.
Andrew Shaffer, Fifty-one Shades: A Parody|Most times, my mind is just an ongoing, present-tense, first-person monologue. It's like I'm writing a novel, constantly, but only in my brain.
Mary Steenburgen|I guess, growing up at Australia Zoo and getting to travel all over the world, I have this great outlook on life, and that's what I hope I inspire other kids to have.
Chris Cooper|I have a lot of objects in my space, little things, reminders, memories.
Samuel Beckett|One day we were born, one day we shall die, the same day, the same second.
Jazz Feylynn|Meetings were an important means of Communist control. They left people no free time, and eliminated the private sphere. The pettiness which dominated them was justified on the grounds that prying into personal details was a way of ensuring thorough soul-cleansing. In fact, pettiness was a fundamental characteristic of a revolution in which intrusiveness and ignorance were celebrated, and envy was incorporated into the system of control.
Avina Celeste|I have always waited for the perfect tools to carve a statue, little did I realize that tools were never the issue, It's my carving skills which needed an upgrade and improvement.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|You have to let go of those feelings, Ra. Anger, fear, regret. It’s the only way you can forgive yourself and love again.
Daniel Bell|You can understand nothing about art, particularly modern art, if you do not understand that imagination is a value in itself.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If people fully understand you, they will think of you as a normal, if they half understand you, will think of you as a genius, and when they can't understand, will certainly think of you a stupid.
Joss Whedon|Teagan - "What is it?"Garreth - "No one's ever prayed for me before. I've always heard your prayers. You prayed for me to come to you when you had a bad dream. I even heard you pray for a perfect, selfless, superwonderful boy to fall in love with. But I've never heard you pray for me.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Peace conferences are held almost daily by governments, civic organizations, and churches. But the Scripture teaches that peace and safety will not come in any lasting way until the Prince of Peace, the Messiah, Jesus Christ, comes and rules and reigns in our world.
Jennifer Niven, All The Bright Places|The cicadas buzzing, I can hear them through the window. Buzzing louder and louder. Just like the night I sat by the window in the dark, gasping for air, feeling the riddle wriggling in my chest, hearing the monster's heavy footsteps in my ears. And suddenly I know. What they do all those years living in the ground. The nymphs who are to become cicadas. Maybe they don’t know it themselves, but they are writing their song. Collecting the notes in the dark earth. The song rising to the sky, this is how it is, this is how it always is. The song floating toward the sky comes from the underworld.
Logan Pearsall Smith, Trivia|One late winter afternoon in Oxford Street, amid the noise of vehicles and voices that filled that dusky thoroughfare, as I was borne onward with the crowd past the great electric-lighted shops, a holy Indifference filled my thoughts. Illusion had faded from me; I was not touched by any desire for the goods displayed in those golden windows, nor had I the smallest share in the appetites and fears of all those moving and anxious faces. And as I listened with Asiatic detachment to the London traffic, its sound changed into something ancient and dissonant and sad—into the turbid flow of that stream of Craving which sweeps men onward through the meaningless cycles of Existence, blind and enslaved forever. But I had reached the farther shore, the Harbour of Deliverance, the Holy City; the Great Peace beyond all this turmoil and fret compassed me around. Om Mani padme hum—I murmured the sacred syllables, smiling with the pitying smile of the Enlightened One on his heavenly lotus.Then, in a shop-window, I saw a neatly fitted suit-case. I liked that suit-case; I desired to possess it. Immediately I was enveloped by the mists of Illusion, chained once more to the Wheel of Existence, whirled onward along Oxford Street in that turbid stream of wrong-belief, and lust, and sorrow, and anger.
Dean Koontz, A Big Little Life:  A Memoir of a Joyful Dog|It was an ancient policy with her to be on good terms with anything that outweighed her and had so many teeth, so she broke the bacon in two and gave him the smaller piece. He was a dog. He would not realize he had been slighted.
Michael  Anthony, Civilianized: A Young Veteran's Memoir|Gunner shook his head; he wasn't in the mood. He stared down at his bottle as he spoke. "Yeah, and what if I do go after it and what if I find no one, and I'm alone for the next sixty years? What then? Huh? Friends and family will get married. I'll be stuck buying gifts. Years pass: children, birthday parties. At dinner parties, I'll be odd man out, forcing people to arrange five chairs around a table instead of four or six. Or, okay, let's say maybe twenty years down the line I meet someone nice and I've already given up on ever finding true love. Let's say the girl is a few pounds overweight, has fizzy hair and an annoying laugh, but at this point, I'm also a few pounds overweight and my hair is thinning and my laughter is annoying. Maybe then the two of us get married, and both our groups of friends will say, 'See I told you that you'd find true love. It just took a while.' And we'll smile, but we'll both know it's a lie--
Susanna Kaysen, Girl, Interrupted|Details that could throw doubt on your interpretation must be given, if you know them. You must do the best you can—if you know anything at all wrong, or possibly wrong—to explain it. If you make a theory, for example, and advertise it, or put it out, then you must also put down all the facts that disagree with it, as well as those that agree with it. There is also a more subtle problem. When you have put a lot of ideas together to make an elaborate theory, you want to make sure, when explaining what it fits, that those things it fits are not just the things that gave you the idea for the theory; but that the finished theory makes something else come out right, in addition.
Pamela Meyer|As with any actor and any collaborator, it's about forming a trusting relationship. And that's not that you have to get him to trust you so you can get him to do what you want. Especially with a little kid, it's about making them feel really safe, and getting to know and not treating them as a puppet to be moved around.
Søren Kierkegaard|Although I am still far from this kind of interior understanding of myself, with profound respect for its significance I have sought to preserve my individuality―worshipped the unknown God. With a premature anxiety I have tried to avoid coming in close contact with those things whose force of attraction might be too powerful for me. I have sought to appropriate much from them, studied their distinctive characteristics and meaning in human life, but at the same time guarded against coming, like the moth, too close to the flame. I have had little to win or to lose in association with the ordinary run of men, partly because what they do―so-called practical life―does not interest me much, partly because their coldness and indifference to the spiritual and deeper currents in man alienate me even more from them. With few exceptions my companions have had no special influence upon me. A life that has not arrived at clarity about itself must necessarily exhibit an uneven side-surface; confronted by certain facts [*Facta*] and their apparent disharmony, they simply halted there, for, as I see it, they did not have sufficient interest to seek a resolution in a higher harmony or to recognize the necessity of it. Their opinion of me was always one-sided, and I have vacillated between putting too much or too little weight on what they said. I have now withdrawn from their influence and the potential variations of my life's compass resulting from it. Thus I am again standing at the point where I must begin again in another way. I shall now calmly attempt to look at myself and begin to initiate inner action; for only thus will I be able, like a child calling itself "I" in its first consciously undertaken act, be able to call myself "I" in a profounder sense.But that takes stamina, and it is not possible to harvest immediately what one has sown. I will remember that philosopher's method of having his disciples keep silent for three years; then I dare say it will come. Just as one does not begin a feast at sunrise but at sundown, just so in the spiritual world one must first work forward for some time before the sun really shines for us and rises in all its glory; for although it is true as it says that God lets his sun shine upon the good and the evil and lets the rain fall on the just and the unjust, it is not so in the spiritual world. So let the die be cast―I am crossing the Rubicon! No doubt this road takes me into battle, but I will not renounce it. I will not lament the past―why lament? I will work energetically and not waste time in regrets, like the person stuck in a bog and first calculating how far he has sunk without recognizing that during the time he spends on that he is sinking still deeper. I will hurry along the path I have found and shout to everyone I meet: Do not look back as Lot's wife did, but remember that we are struggling up a hill."―from_Journals_, (The Search for Personal Meaning)
Charles M. Blow|I once called a guy into his own office and spun around in his own chair to greet him. That kind of thing may be why I quit, before I got into serious trouble. I would smile and the person would get so upset. But you do a thousand of those things, and it makes you weird.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If the sky was the limit, stars would not light our way to the edge of the universe.
Haruki Murakami, South of the Border, West of the Sun|What we have here is a war—the war of matter and spirit. In the classical era, spirit was in harmony with matter. Matter used to condense spirit. What was unseen—the ghost of Hamlet’s father—was seen—in the conscience of the king. The spirit was trapped in the matter of theater. The theater made the unseen, seen. In the Romantic era, spirit overwhelms matter. The glass of champagne can’t contain the bubbles. But never in the history of humanity has spirit been at war with matter. And that is what we have today. The war of banks and religion. It’s what I wrote in Prayers of the Dawn, that in New York City, banks tower over cathedrals. Banks are the temples of America. This is a holy war. Our economy is our religion. When I came back to midtown a week after the attack—I mourned—but not in a personal way—it was a cosmic mourning—something that I could not specify because I didn’t know any of the dead. I felt grief without knowing its origin. Maybe it was the grief of being an immigrant and of not having roots. Not being able to participate in the whole affair as a family member but as a foreigner, as a stranger—estranged in myself and confused—I saw the windows of Bergdorf and Saks—what a theater of the unexpected—my mother would have cried—there were only black curtains, black drapes—showing the mourning of the stores—no mannequins, just veils—black veils. When the mannequins appeared again weeks later—none of them had blond hair. I don’t know if it was because of the mourning rituals or whether the mannequins were afraid to be blond—targets of terrorists. Even they didn’t want to look American. They were out of fashion after the Twin Towers fell. To the point, that even though I had just dyed my hair blond because I was writing Hamlet and Hamlet is blond, I went back to my coiffeur immediately and told him—dye my hair black. It was a matter of life and death, why look like an American. When naturally I look like an Arab and walk like an Egyptian.
Elizabeth Scott, The Unwritten Rule|Okay, let's see if I got this straight. The butt is the new breast, and the lower back is the new ankle. Now if only we could figure out where the brain has moved.
David Levithan, How They Met, and Other Stories|It is a sound like loneliness—enough to let you know you’re there, but not enough to fill you with life.
Sarah Monette, The Mirador|The real problem has to do with the inability by people to admit that a position they've held a long time might be wrong. That's all. Not that it is. Just that it might be. I don't know why it is, but we tend to fall in love with things we believe, Threaten them, and you threaten us.
Zorica Savron, Only for You, My Love: Love Poetry|...Morning takes youagain to the placeof no return...I don’t have the timeto tell you,how much I wantyou to be here…
Mark Twain, The Mysterious Stranger|He pointed to the money, and said:"The love of it is the root of all evil. There it lies, the ancient tempter, newly red with the shame of its latest victory--the dishonor of a priest of God and his two poor juvenile helpers in crime. If it could but speak, let us hope that it would be constrained to confess that of all its conquests this was the basest and the most pathetic.
E.L. James|Instinct of love toward an object demands a mastery to obtain it, and if a person feels they can't control the object or feel threatened by it, they act negatively toward it.
D. Elton Trueblood|As your faith is strengthened you will find that there is no longer the need to have a sense of control, that things will flow as they will, and that you will flow with them, to your great delight and benefit.
Wilhelm Reich, Listen, Little Man!|Behind every mask there is a face, and behind that a story.
Fulton J. Sheen|Oh, they don't allow the Bible in Heaven, Miss Mary...It contains far too much sex and violence.
Melissa de la Cruz, Alex and Eliza|He had written her reams and reams of letters, as well as a poem that she kept folded in a locket around her neck. Her letters were full of love and anticipation, matching his for enthusiasm and tenderness. He was the luckiest man in the world.
Cynthia Sax, He Watches Me|Rodrigo tried to draw a deep breath, but his chest was too filled with anguish, rage and guilt. He kissed his ash-coated fingers. “I love you,” he whispered. “I love you more than life itself.” Curling his fingers into his fist, he pressed it against his chest. So, I will surely see you soon…and then, my love, we shall be together in our forever now.
Harrish Sairaman|If you cannot learn from a child, teaching a child might be useless!!!!
Georgia Byng|Now, we all have stories of how we got here, and prob-probably some of you feel angry who whoever it is who's left you here. But you must try and remember that they were like that because that's how they were taught to be. You m-must try to forgive them. Baby cuckoos can't unlearn their bad habits. But we should try to, and because what you learn as a ch-child you will pass on to people around you, from now on this house is going to be a house of happiness. From this evening on every single one of us is going to consider other people's feelings.
Seth Godin, The Icarus Deception: How High Will You Fly?|Do What You Want; these are the 4 most frightening words brought to us by the Connection Revolution. If you want to sing, sing. If you want to lead, lead. If you want touch, connect, describe, disrupt, give, support, build, question—Do It. You will not be picked. But, if you want to pick yourself—go for it. The cost is that you own the results.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Can we overcome our anger, instead of constantly being overcome by it? Yes—with God’s help. Peter’s anger was channeled into boldness for Christ. Paul’s anger against Christians was replaced with a burning passion to spread the Gospel. Is this your goal?
Louis-Ferdinand Céline, Normance|...apparently "London" gave out my address! that's what they're saying...not just London, though! Brazzaville, too!...and said that I'm a dirty pornographer...a letch besides being the most despicable traitor of the century!...I'd make a urinal blush! that what we need is to cleanse France and the French language of this smut-writing, demoralizing, grammaclast who's sullying our sacred homeland and its literary heritage!
Victoria Moran|Cyclops, that's like this primal fear. I had dreams for years that the Cyclops was a small creature living in our huge fish tank at home, and at night, it was going to grow to full size and come after me.
Kat Lahr, Anatomy Of Illumination|It is our ultimate purpose to continually evolve as a species both physically and emotionally, as change is the mechanism for growth and development, and if we fear change we stunt our own growth and with it, human evolution.
Dorothy Parker, The Portable Dorothy Parker|My love runs by like a day in June, And he makes no friends of sorrows. He'll tread his galloping rigadoon In the pathway of the morrows. He'll live his days where the sunbeams start, Nor could storm or wind uproot him. My own dear love, he is all my heart, -- And I wish somebody'd shoot him.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby|I was under the librarians' protection. Civil servants and servants of civility, they had my back. They would be whatever they needed to be that day: information professionals, teachers, police, community organizers, computer technicians, historians, confidantes, clerks, social workers, storytellers, or, in this case, guardians of my peace.
Michelle Franklin|The point is that everyone needs some exposure to the various ways of life. People buy things out of catalogues too much. They see in Time magazine that they're suppose to be feeling in such and such a way, and they dash off a check and buy that life-style sight unseen. A pig in a poke if there ever was one, for once you've bought the thing there's no refund. We ought to be able to try things before we sign up for them. Used to be you could listen to the records in a record store before you bought them. Now they're sealed, for your protection, they say. Bullshit! It's for their goddamned protection, not ours. We don't need to be protected. We need to be allowed to get a taste of something before we accept it.
Elizabeth Berrien, Creative Grieving: A Hip Chick's Path from Loss to Hope|It is important to recognize when you have been detached from life for too long. The fact is you are still alive, and I can only imagine that your loved one would want you to go on living. I highly doubt they would have said to you, "When or if I die before you, I want you to spend the rest of your life sitting on a couch staring at the wall. Please fulfill this important task for me.
Nelson Rockefeller|An Edwardian lady in full dress was a wonder to behold, and her preparations for viewing were awesome.
Marisha Pessl, Night Film|When it was daylight, we'd been sitting on a stoop watching the street get light. She mentioned the light took eight minutes to leave the sun and reach us. You couldn't help but love that light traveling so far through the loneliest of spaces to get here, to come so far. It was like we were the only two people in the world.
Michelle Sutton, Out of Time|You could not bribe honest people, but bad people would accept bribery.
Virginia Woolf|Don't talk to strangers. Don't do drugs. Don't smoke. Don't drink and drive. Don't have sex. Wear a condom. Wear sunblock. Wear a seat belt. Wear a helmet. If you see something, say something. Just say no. Stop, drop, and roll. Stop, look, and listen. Look both ways before you cross the street...Safety is an illusion. Bad things can happen to anyone at any time, whether you follow the rules or not. You can check left, check right, check left again before you step off the curb and into the crosswalk, but that won't stop an anonymous asshole in his shitty pickup from putting you in intensive care...
Tara Brach|I say to the young, be happy that you were born in Italy because of the beauty of the human capital, both masculine and feminine, of this country... No other country has such human capital.
Elizabeth Esguerra Castillo|To be truly free is to liberate yourself from worries. To have peace despite chaos engulfing your world, to let go and let God. To live one day at a time and to embrace the winds of change and not to chase what is not meant to be yours. To just wait patiently for God's Divine Timing and to savor the moment each day has to offer.
Charlie Sheen|The best way to not get your heart broken, is pretending you don't have one.
Hazrat Ali Ibn Abu-Talib A.S|Courtesy costs nothing, but buys everything.
Manoj Arora, Dream On|We are all born equal, and even if we are not, the future is still in our hands.
Ellen Ochoa|Every night when I go to bed, I hope that I may never wake again, and every morning renews my grief.
Stephanie Witter, Patch Up|Okay, be serious. Aren't you ever afraid of anything?""Plenty of time," he said softly."Even when what you're afraid of defies all logic?""Especially then. It's been my experience that fear doesn't have a set of parameters. We can't turn it off just by realizing we shouldn't be afraid.
Anne Brontë, The Tenant of Wildfell Hall|My life has been like a battlefield, a war that could never be won unless I had her with me, and the day she died my battlefront stepped down and threw away their shields, allowing the gunshots to slip through the second her heart stopped beating. From that moment onwards I was left wounded, and for those seventeen years without her my wounds bled-wounds no stitch could ever repair.
Jane Austen, Persuasion|You make me love books and the words inside them, because they talk about you. I know they do, they tell me that I love you, not as cliché as I write it, but in the warmest, deepest, calmest words I could ever read. I love you, like the books say it. And I'll find a better way to say it one day.
Jim Morrison|Every happening, great and small, is a parable whereby God speaks to us, and the art of life is to get the message.
Cynthia Heald, Becoming a Woman of Freedom|It has been observed that "none are free indeed but those whom Christ makes free.
Tedd Tripp|The parent is the child's guide. This shepherding process helps a child to understand himself and the world in which he lives. The parent shepherds a child to assess himself and his responses. He shepherds the child to understand not just the "what" of the child's actions, but also the "why." As the shepherd, you want to help your child understand himself as a creature made by and for God. You cannot show him these things merely by instruction; you must lead him on a path of discovery. You must shepherd his thoughts, helping him to learn discernment and wisdom.
Hans Fallada, Every Man Dies Alone|Everyone facing death, especially premature death, like us, will be kicking themselves about each wasted hour.
Rebecca Goldstein, Plato at the Googleplex: Why Philosophy Won't Go Away|When we call a philosopher distinguished, we are not saying that she is worthy and not saying that she is recognized, but we are saying that she occupies the intersection of both – that she is recognized and worthy; even that she is recognized because she's worthy. In the case of arate, the direction of the "because" can seem a little vaguer, so that it can sometimes seem almost as if someone is regarded as worthy because they are recognized.
Jessica Khoury, Origin|Love.Such a sweet, simple word. A word I've been searching for my entire life - but especially since I met Eio - and I never knew it. Until ow. When I hear it on his lips, I know as I can never know anything else - no numbers, no formulas, no scientific names - I know it's true. A piece slides into place in my heart, filling a hole I never knew existed.
Robyn Schneider, Extraordinary Means|It would be a word of empowerment, imagine every word coming from your mouth with a true desire to offer help to people knowing they are themselves powerful but need upliftment sometimes.
Sarah J. Maas, Heir of Fire|He looked at his friend, perhaps for the last time, and said what he had always known, from the moment they’d met, when he’d understood that the prince was his brother in soul. “I love you.
Lucy Taylor|From both my families, I've learnt important things.From my family of chance, I learnt what it was like to be alone and unrecognized, to be perceived through the prism of delusion, a lost soul marooned in the belly of bedlam. I learned the beauty and power of language, but also its capacity for subtle perfidy, how it can be used to subvert and distort reality, to sanction cruelty and sugarcoat abuse. I learned that words can be the path to freedom or just another lock on the caged door.And from my family of choice, I learn on a daily basis about love and loyalty, about burdens shared and intimacies treasured, about forgiveness and atonement and joy. I learn about the gift of a difficult childhood and the fact that ''it's never too late to have a happy one.
Anne Brontë, The Tenant of Wildfell Hall|But was you not afraid, good sir, when you see him come with his club?""It is my duty," said he, "to distrust mine own ability, that I may have reliance on him that is stronger than all".
Samuel J Dixey, An evening in Autumn: The unbegotten procession|And just as he had tried, on the southern beach, to find again that unique rounded black pebble with the regular little white belt, which she had happened to show him on the eve of their last ramble, so now he did his best to look up all the roadside items that retained her exclamation mark: the special profile of a cliff, a hut roofed with a layer of silvery-gray scales, a black fir tree and a footbridge over a white torrent, and something which one might be inclined to regard as a kind of fatidic prefiguration: the radial span of a spider’s web between two telegraph wires that were beaded with droplets of mist. She accompanied him: her little boots stepped rapidly, and her hands never stopped moving, moving—to pluck a leaf from a bush or stroke a rock wall in passing—light, laughing hands that knew no repose. He saw her small face with its dense dark freckles, and her wide eyes, whose pale greenish hue was that of the shards of glass licked smooth by the sea waves.
Craig Hart, The Writer's Tune-up Manual: 35 Exercises That Will Scrape the Rust Off Your Writing|Please please read. Everything and anything. You may not remember all of it, you may not remember any of it But from the fairytailes...to the sweeping soaring classics I hope you will one day discover for yourself, all those words--those lives and characters, ideas and ideals--will, without you realising, shape you and sometimes even shelter you. And it shall be as if you have lived a thousand lives.
Anne Lamott, Grace (Eventually): Thoughts on Faith|Yet he was jealous, though he did not show it, For jealousy dislikes the world to know it.
Havelock Ellis|The sentences I write have their roots in song and poetry, and take their bearings from music and painting, as much as from the need to impart mere information, or mirror anything. I am not a realist writer, even if I seem like one.
Christopher Hawke, Unnatural Truth|Life is a great big beautiful three-ring circus. There are those on the floor making their lives among the heads of lions and hoops of fire, and those in the stands, complacent and wowed, their mouths stuffed with popcorn. I know less now than ever about life, but I do know its size. Life is enormous. Much grander than what we’ve taken for ourselves, so far. When the show is over and the tent is packed, the elephants, lions and dancing poodles are caged and mounted on trucks to caravan to the next town. The clown’s makeup has worn, and his bright, red smile has been washed down a sink. All that is left is another performance, another tent and set of lights. We rest in the knowledge: the show must go on. Somewhere, behind our stage curtain, a still, small voice asks why we haven’t yet taken up juggling. My seminars were like this. Only, instead of flipping shiny, black bowling balls or roaring chainsaws through the air, I juggled concepts. The world is intrinsically tied together. All things march through time at different intervals but move ahead in one fashion or another. Though we may never understand it, we are all part of something much larger than ourselves—something anchoring us to the spot we have mentally chosen. We sniff out the rules, through spiritual quests and the sciences. And with every new discovery, we grow more confused. Our inability to connect what seems illogical to unite and to defy logic in our understanding keeps us from enlightenment. The artists and insane tiptoe around such insights, but lack the compassion to hand-feed these concepts to a blind world. The interconnectedness of all things is not simply a pet phrase. It is a big “T” truth that the wise spend their lives attempting to grasp.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|Real courage is when you know you're licked before you begin, but you begin anyway and see it through no matter what.
Eoin Colfer, Half-Moon Investigations|Excuse me, Tex," the nurse said, hands on hips. 'Would you mind reining in the voice. There are babies being born in this hospital. We wouldn't want the first sound they hear to be your painful howling. There could be lawsuits.
Lou Holtz|I'm not afraid of working hard at anything, whatever it is. I just always want to be the best that I can.
Kelley Armstrong, The Gathering|This is so cool," I said loudly as Dad walked away. "Have you met the tattoo artist? Is he hot?" "He's a she," Mom said. "Is she hot? Cause I'm still young, you know. My sexual identity isnt fully formed." "Your father can't hear you anymore, Maya." Mom sighed.
Christopher Hitchens|I have a great relationship with my mother-in-law. We're both Leos, we understand each other.
Hanya Yanagihara, The People in the Trees|Beautiful people make even those of us who proudly consider ourselves unmoved by another's appearance dumb with admiration and fear and delight, and struck by the profound, enervating awareness of how inadequate we are, how nothing, not intelligence or education or money, can usurp or overpower or deny beauty.
James Scott, Senior Fellow, Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology|Between the black box proprietary code, barebones computers we call voting machines and a mass of completely unqualified election officials, our election system is up for grabs to anybody with even a modest interest and some script kiddie capability. The cyber-kinetic attack surface here is wide open.
M. Russell Ballard|There are conversations going on about the Church constantly. Those conversations will continue whether or not we choose to participate in them. But we cannot stand on the sidelines while others, including our critics, attempt to define what our Church teaches... We are living in a world saturated with all kinds of voices. Perhaps now, more than ever, we have a major responsibility as Latter-day Saints to define ourselves, instead of letting others define us.
Brandon Sanderson, Perfect State|Need is not transitive, one may need without oneself being needed.
Jack Kerouac, The Dharma Bums|I felt like lying down by the side of the trail and remembering it all. The woods do that to you, they always look familiar, long lost, like the face of a long-dead relative, like an old dream, like a piece of forgotten song drifting across the water, most of all like golden eternities of past childhood or past manhood and all the living and the dying and the heartbreak that went on a million years ago and the clouds as they pass overhead seem to testify (by their own lonesome familiarity) to this feeling.
Laura Castoro, Icing on the Cake|Out of the corner of his eye Gatsby saw that the blocks of the sidewalks really formed a ladder and mounted to a secret place above the trees—he could climb to it, if he climbed alone, and once there he could suck on the pap of life, gulp down the incomparable milk of wonder.
Paulo Coelho, The Spy|I will lament your departure. I will hide my shame for having erred on some obscure point, for thinking that the justice of war is the same of peacetime.
Sesan Kareem|More than commitment, dedication, character, discipline, patience, determination, perseverance and prayer, you need faith because you must first belief before you can witness a pragmatic change in your life.
Adam Kovacevic|Earth should suspect a man who has no tears of compassion and eject into the outer space until he learns humility. Outer space and death might be of the same origin, where one chances upon egolessness just before lifelessness. Earth only asks for egolessness.
Alexandre Dumas|Man does not steal, he conquers
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With persistent attempt, you will succeed.
Julian Carron, Disarming Beauty: Essays on Faith, Truth, and Freedom|... helping each other to have a true gaze on reality, on the circumstances we are living in, is the first gesture of friendship we can offer each other for living like human beings in the presence of the needs of the world.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|If one is content to freely speak trash about another, it is probably more correct to judge them as the one of ill repute and refuse the load of garbage they offer you.
T. William Watts|Rags-to-riches story? I've heard that gospel before, no thanks. I find no greater inspiration than the riches-to-rags story of redemption, the story of God leaving His golden throne to pursue a wretch like me.
Shinzo Abe|When I was a young girl, I was so crazy about animals that I wanted to do something associated with them, and I thought of being a vet. But then again, I figured I had to go to medical school, and science wasn't a good subject for me, so I dropped the idea pretty soon and thought maybe I could be a vet's assistant.
Alicia Keys|When my parents were getting divorced, I just said to myself, 'Go to sleep, and tomorrow you can go skiing.' I cried myself to sleep, and in the morning I was up on the mountain, and I was good.
Adelaide Crapsey, Verse by Adelaide Crapsey|Thou hast Drawn laughter from A well of secret tears And thence so elvish it rings, -mocking And sweet.
Jessie Burton, The Muse|I suppose, like most young people nowadays, boredom is what you dread most in the world, and yet, I can assure you, there are worse things.
Eric Samuel Timm|Other people are not here to fulfill our needs or meet our expectations, nor will they always treat us well. Failure to accept this will generate feelings of anger and resentment. Peace of mind comes with taking people as they are and emphasizing the positive.
Richard Attenborough|I was talking to one of my aunties at Christmas and she said she didn't think it was ever in my nature to go against the grain, that I was always a good boy. I think she was right - I did always want to be good.
Christian de Portzamparc|I always liked the visuals to be choice and at the same time minimalist. And, I love black boxes. After all, that's what theatre is, it's an empty space, and it's both limited and unlimited because the space is the space, but what you can do with people's imaginations is really endless.
Jason Mraz|I grew up in a big family with a lot of kids around, and I definitely want to have children as well.
John Steinbeck, The Short Novels: Tortilla Flat / The Moon is Down / The Red Pony / Of Mice and Men / Cannery Row / The Pearl|and, if anything, are more likely to respond assertively. (1999:106) In
Charles L. Bailey Jr., In the Shadow of the Cross|Bit by bit, Dr. Driscoll helped me to peel away the layers of protection I had built up over the years. The process was not that unlike the peeling of an onion, which also makes us cry. It has been a painful journey, and I don't now when it will end, when I can say, “OK, it's over.” Maybe never. Maybe sooner than I know. I recently told Dr. Driscoll that I feel the beginnings of feeling OK, that this is the right path.
Shannon A. Thompson, Seconds Before Sunrise|In the depths of the ocean; Dipped in love without expectations, We have stripped off our masks.
H. P. Lovecraft|There are three lessons in philanthropy - one, involve the family, especially the spouse. She can be a remarkable driver of your initiative. Two, you need to build an institution, and you need to scale it up. Choose a leader for philanthropy whom you trust. Three, philanthropy needs patience, tenacity and time.
John Brunner, Stand on Zanzibar|The most painful emotions are better than none at all. Ironically, we make you human.
Alain de Botton, Status Anxiety|...tell them that we have some good in us, too. And the only thing worth living for is the good. That’s why we’ve got to make sure we pass it on.
Nick Hornby, High Fidelity|That’s why; he’s worried about how his life is turning out, and he’s lonely, and lonely people are the bitterest of them all
Ilchi Lee, Magos Dream: Meeting with the Soul of the Earth|Love is stronger than both fear and hope - if you can love the natural beauty around you, the amazing gifts and skills we have, the fact that you are alive to experience life, each moment that you have, and love yourself and those around you just as they are, then there is no need to be owned by fear, or even hope, you just live the best you can, being the truth of that love that you are being, representing the stream of consciousness experiencing itself, always knowing that you will someday return to it again, and flow as part of it infinitely on.
Tony Campolo|Mexico has lost its leadership, and a lot of that has to do with its poor performance and the lack of better results in our country.
Tracy Chevalier, At the Edge of the Orchard|Wrong solitude vinegars the soul, right solitude oils it.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you have ever sin, you will appreciate the grace of salvation through Faith in Christ Jesus.
Rupi Kaur|I'm an ambassador for the Make-A-Wish Foundation, and one of the children, his wish was to go to the Emmys, so he's going to be my date, along with my husband, and my dad and his girlfriend. So we're going to have a really fun night and it's going to be really exciting. I'm really excited for him to experience that.
Kelly Batten, One Day You'll Find Me|She simply stared at me with such a loving expression on her face, I felt like I was her foal. Indah reached her head as far as she could around me, to press me to her. I melted. How could I live without this horse? I wrapped my arms around her neck and let my tears flow.
Abraham Lincoln, Speeches and Writings, 1859-1865|This is the biggest lot of abolitionist trash I ever saw.”“No it isn’t,” I said. “That book wasn’t even written until a century after slavery was abolished.”“Then why the hell are they still complaining about it?
Manuel Rivas, Books Burn Badly|See what's inside a drop of water. The whole seed of the universe. Come, come. See what's inside a drop of blood. The composition of life. It's all there. Hate as well. We approach the mystery of life, but it's impossible to understand the mystery of hate. The kind of hate that causes people not only to kill, but to want to erase you from the census of births. I have to concentrate on that mystery. Read everything there is. It has to be in a drop of blood. It has to have its chemistry.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|The way you deliver the words you say becomes your “vocal image. This "vocal image" can make or break your first impressions, impact your communication, and determine how people respond to you.
Moira Young, Rebel Heart|Maybe I did mean to kill myself. I didn't think it outright but...maybe the truth is, I didn't--I don't--much care one way or th'other.
Nicholas Sparks, A Walk to Remember|Love is like the wind, you can't see it but you can feel it.
Umberto Eco, How to Travel with a Salmon and Other Essays|A man limits his abilities himself according to his created interest, and then he pays very little attention to unliked things. Understand that man can become whatever he wants to be, just “Interest and Want“ play the role.
John le Carré|By repetition, each lie becomes an irreversible fact upon which other lies are constructed.
Paul  Goldman, Journey Into Oneness|Now, on this road trip, my mind seemed to uncrinkle, to breathe, to present to itself a cure for a disease it had not, until now, known it had.
Pamela McDowell, Bats in Trouble|Later that afternoon, the girls sat on the porch, bored and worried. It was good that they didn't find any dead bats, but why didn't they? Was Tyler right - did the bats fly higher when it was windier? Was it because they could avoid the turbine easier when it was spinning faster? That didn't make sense.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|I always wanted you close. Never more than a heartbeat away. I used to think I wanted you most when I was at my weakest, and relying on your strength. But the truth is, even on the days I raged like a lion, and had no need of a 'pat on the back' - I still found myself wanting to lean on you.
W. Somerset Maugham, Collected Short Stories: Volume 4|The human self also has a nature, limits as well as potentials. If you seek vocation without understanding the material you are working with, what you build with your life will be ungainly and may well put lives in peril, your own and some of those around you. 'Faking it' in the service of high values is no virtue and has nothing to do with vocation. It is an ignorant, sometimes arrogant, attempt to override one's nature, and it will always fail.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|Polaris often remarks to Sol that Sirius loses his temper much less often these days. But the one sure way to send him into a flaming rage is to suggest that he finds a new Companion. Sirius will not hear of it. The small white sphere circling his goes untenanted, because he hopes that what Miss Smith said is true.
Kelly Slater|What makes a comedian has nothing to do with religion. Think of Red Skelton, Jimmy Durante, Jackie Gleason, who were all Catholics.
Steve Rasnic Tem, The Man on the Ceiling|Sometimes I wait at the bottom of those dark stairs, I sit at the bottom of the stairs, I wait beyond the bottom of the stairs and listen to the sounds my wife and children make as they sleep, the sounds our animals make as they step carefully through our dreams and out the other side to polished floor and cold window. Sometimes I wait so long I become unsure if I am asleep, or awake, or dead.
Ambrose Bierce, The Unabridged Devil's Dictionary|Selfish, adj. Devoid of consideration for the selfishness of others.
Donna Lynn Hope|I wonder if ever again Americans can have that experience of returning to a home place so intimately known, profoundly felt, deeply loved, and absolutely submitted to? It is not quite true that you can't go home again. I have done it, coming back here. But it gets less likely. We have had too many divorces, we have consumed too much transportation, we have lived too shallowly in too many places.
Auliq Ice, The Law of the Universe|As a being and life form, all of mankind must seek the absolute sunshine of being. To do otherwise is to deny the essence of life; which is growth in body mind and soul. These in turn reflects Self love.
Rachel Caine, Ghost Town|Yes," he said. "I am sure. I double-checked everything after you went home yesterday. I even made a few improvements, just in case." The first part of that reassured her. The second part... not so much. "What kind of improvements?" "Oh, nothing, really. Mostly just streamlining. You really did very well; I certainly don't want you to think that I am one of those people who has to be in control all the- Oh, well, I suppose that's actually true- I do have to be in control all the time. But only because I am in charge, of course.
Osman Bakar|To the extent that in one's act of faith one participates in the truth through reason and heart, faith already implies a particular level of knowledge and of certainty.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|Pretty soon the only people left without a girlfriend will be me and Wendell the school janitor, and he smells like windex.""At least you know he's still available.
John Medina, Brain Rules: 12 Principles for Surviving and Thriving at Work, Home, and School|The problem in today’s economy is that people are typically starting a family at the very time they are also supposed to be doing their best work. They are trying to be productive at some of the most stressful times of their lives. What if companies took this unhappy collision of life events seriously? They could offer Gottman’s intervention as a benefit for every newly married, or newly pregnant, employee.
Mike Klepper|There is a word we should be using towards government officials whenever they deny our individual rights: "No". Being just a word, it isn't a strong weapon. But it is the intellectual wellspring from which all other weapons flow.
Sengcan, Hsin Hsin Ming|For the unified mind in accord with the Way all self-centered striving ceases. Doubts and irresolutions vanish and life in true faith is possible. With a single stroke we are freed from bondage; nothing clings to us and we hold nothing. All is empty, clear, self-illuminating, with no exertion of the mind's power.
Olivia Wilde|I totally commit and completely give myself to a relationship. Be warned, though - I don't like being taken for granted, so I can be pretty high-maintenance sometimes!
Dennis Prager, Still the Best Hope: Why the World Needs American Values to Triumph|A good general rule is that self-esteem for its own sake turns out to be much worse than merely reinforcing unearned positive feelings about oneself. Not only does high self-esteem (especially when unearned) not increase “social responsibility”; it decreases it. The criminologist and sociologist Roy Baumeister, a professor of psychology at Florida State University who has spent a lifetime studying violent criminals, notes that the great majority of criminals have higher self-esteem than noncriminals. You need high self-esteem to think that rules apply to others but not to you.
Nebo D. Lukovich, Inner Peace, Outer Success: The Reintegration System: Spiritual Growth, Healing, Solving Problems and Achieving Goals with Cutting-Edge Mind Techniques|This lasting change can essentially be achieved in two ways: through suffering or through wisdom. Either we painfully push forward through any obstacle or disappointment, learning our lessons the hard way and emerging from the experience more mature, or we choose a path of love, consciousness, and wisdom, which also makes us mature, but in a far more enjoyable and effective manner.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Hope is oxygen to the soul, and God is the oxygen of hope.
Hunter Shea, Island of the Forbidden|Yes' Simon nodded. 'This would suggest that these patterns grow inside the batteries until a critical point is reached, when the shapes develop no further, and the phone ceases to function.
Alwyn Hamilton, Traitor to the Throne|O, you the goldfish ofthe swamp of my blood.Let your drunkenness be pretty.You are drinking me.
A.N. Meade, Marked|First, you must be certain that you are ready for knowledge. There are many things that we bury in our minds for a reason. Are you sure that you want to go digging up the past?”- Elsie (Marked Book #1) page 226
Alan Bates|Our society is the product of several great religious and philosophical traditions. The ideas of the Greeks and Romans, Christianity, Judaism, humanism and the Enlightenment have made us who we are.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|The moment men begin to care more for education than for religion they begin to care more for ambition than for education. It is no longer a world in which the souls of all are equal before heaven, but a world in which the mind of each is bent on achieving unequal advantage over the other. There begins to be a mere vanity in being educated whether it be self-educated or merely state-educated. Education ought to be a searchlight given to a man to explore everything, but very specially the things most distant from himself. Education tends to be a spotlight; which is centered entirely on himself. Some improvement may be made by turning equally vivid and perhaps vulgar spotlights upon a large number of other people as well. But the only final cure is to turn off the limelight and let him realize the stars.
Oswald Chambers, THE Complete Works Of Oswald Chambers|Spiritual seekers let their light shine so that others may see; not only to give service by example, but also to constantly remind themselves that spirituality is most gloriously embodied in our actions, our habits of being.
Anonymous|In the Name of Allah, the Most Beneficent, the Most Merciful. All the praises and thanks be to Allah, the Lord of the 'Alamin (mankind, jinns and all that exists). The Most Beneficent, the Most Merciful. The Only Owner of the Day of Recompense (i.e. the Day of Resurrection) You (Alone) we worship, and You (Alone) we ask for help. Guide us to the Straight Way... The Way of those on whom You have bestowed Your Grace, not (the way) of those who earned Your Anger, nor of those who went astray.(The Qur'an- Surah Al-Fatihah)
Lizzie Armitstead|I'm always trying to learn and grow, so my diet has, over the years, evolved.
W.B. Yeats, Irish Fairy and Folk Tales|Round these men stories tended to group themselves, sometimes deserting more ancient heroes for the purpose. Round poets have they gathered especially, for poetry in Ireland has always been mysteriously connected with magic.
Phyllis T. Smith|Bathsheba loved Troy in the way that only self-reliant women do when they abandon their self-reliance. When a strong woman recklessly throws away her strength, she is worse than a weak woman who has never had any strength to throw away.
Aamir Sarfraz (aamir rajput khan)aamir rajput khan)|If it doesn't challenge you, it won't change you.
David Petraeus|You have to keep on disrupting. If you let up the pressure, then al-Qaeda senior leadership will come back.
Bill Flores|The role of women has always been undervalued in the spy world, always undermined in terms of recognition. Unfairly so. It's a world that needs women.
trel sidoruk|Up the coast a few miles north, in a lava reef under the cliffs, there are a lot of rock pools. You can visit them when the tide is out. Each pool is separate and different, and you can, if you are fanciful, give them names - such as George, Charlotte, Kenny, Mrs Strunk. Just as George and the others are thought of, for convenience, as individual entities, so you may think of a rock pool as an entity: though, of course, it is not. The waters of its consciousness - so to speak - are swarming with hunted anxieties, grim-jawed greeds, dartingly vivid intuitions, old crusty-shelled rock-gripping obstinancies, deep-down sparkling undiscovered secrets, ominous protean organisms motioning mysteriously, perhaps warningly, toward the surface light. How can such a variety of creatures coexist at all? Because they have to. The rocks of the pool hold their world together. And, throughout the day of the ebb tide, they know no other.But that long day ends at last; yields to the night-time of the flood. And, just as the waters of the ocean come flooding, darkening over the pools, so over George and the others in sleep come the waters of that other ocean; that consciousness which is no one in particular but which contains everyone and everything, past, present, and future, and extends unbroken beyond the uttermost stars. We may surely suppose that, in the darkness of the full flood, some of these creatures are lifted from their pools to drift far out over the deep waters. But do they ever bring back, when the daytime of the ebb returns, any kind of catch with them? Can they tell us, in any manner, about their journey? Is there, indeed, anything for them to tell - except that the waters of the ocean are not really other than the waters of the pool?
Pearl Zhu, 100 Creativity Ingredients: Everyone’s Playbook to Unlock Creativity|The more mindless the task, the higher probability of subconscious disruption can stimulate creativity.
Criss Jami, Healology|When there's music in your soul, there's soul in your music.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Some of the most miserable people I have ever met have been people who are very popular with the public, but down inside are empty and miserable.
Aman Jassal, Rainbow - the shades of love|Law of conservation of energy – Energy can neither be created nor be destroyed. Same thing is with the good and Evil. They say Evil is rising day by day. But if we believe science, Good is also increasing at the same pace to maintain the balance. So the universe is as good as it was at the time of Lord Ram or Jesus.
Leighton Meester|Success to me is being happy, truly fulfilled, being proud of myself, and doing different things all the time.
Sanaya Roman, Living with Joy: Keys to Personal Power and Spiritual Transformation|Find yourself, and once you do never let go
Loren Weisman|The more you engage and connect, the more engagement and connections you will have.
Aldous Huxley, After Many a Summer Dies the Swan|When the same lessons of life that taught them teaches you, you get a good understanding of what made them become who and what they became; you appreciate them better and you uphold the dignity of their integrity in high esteem!
Barbara Avon, My Love is Deep|My whole marriage to her, I finally realized, was a placeholder, leading me to this very day.
John Piper|Talking about abstract things is important. Having big, wild conversations about concepts like art, music, time travel, and dreams makes it much easier when you’ll eventually need to talk about things like anger, sadness, pain, and love.
Michael Schudson, Discovering The News: A Social History Of American Newspapers|With television, we vault ourselves into a continuous, incoherent present.
Alan Hollinghurst, The Stranger's Child|She felt that at some point she must finally and formally talk to Louisa about Hubert, and ask her to acknowledge that the worst possible thing had happened to her as well.
Frederick Rolfe, Chronicles of the House of Borgia|The student of history knows no more refreshing recreation than that of nailing liars, like vermin, to the wall.
Barry  Gray, The Revenge of Esther Norman The Complete First Series|Sweet to the miser are his glittering heaps,Sweet to the father is his first-born's birth,Sweet is revenge--especially to women
G.A. Aiken, Supernatural|... your father has two secrets. You, Kip are not one of them.
Hans Selye, From Dream To Discovery: On Being A Scientist|Despite everything, I believe people are really good at heart.
Robert G. Ingersoll, The Christian Religion An Enquiry|Kindness is strength. Good-nature is often mistaken for virtue, and good health sometimes passes for genius. Anger blows out the lamp of the mind. In the examination of a great and important question, every one should be serene, slow-pulsed, and calm. Intelligence is not the foundation of arrogance. Insolence is not logic. Epithets are the arguments of malice.
Jamais Cascio|Embedded in 'The New York Times' institutional perspective and reporting methodologies are all sorts of quite debatable and subjective political and cultural assumptions about the world. And with some noble exceptions, 'The Times,' by design or otherwise, has long served the interests of the same set of elite and powerful factions.
Percy Bysshe Shelley, The Necessity of Atheism and Other Essays|In fact, the truth cannot be communicated until it is perceived.
Ted Rubin|I cannot even imagine where I would be today were it not for that handful of friends who have given me so much of themselves, helped me find so much of me, and always been there to support when I needed it most. #BandOfBrothers.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|Each day is an opportunity for you to expand your horizon, to achieve your maximum potential. You may have encountered some obstacles along the way, but don't allow those moments to hinder your progress. In life, we all faces challenges that we must overcome. The importance is to learn from those difficulties and become stronger.
Mark Doty, Heaven's Coast: A Memoir|Being in grief, it turns out, is not unlike being in love.	In both states, the imagination's entirely occupied with one person. The beloved dwells at the heart of the world, and becomes a Rome: the roads of feeling all lead to him, all proceed from him. Everything that touches us seems to relate back to that center: there is no other emotional life, no place outside the universe of feeling centered on its pivotal figure.
Maia Duerr, Work That Matters: Create a Livelihood That Reflects Your Core Intention|Whatever your favorite kind of resistance is, it is likely to go into full bloom as you start making changes to your livelihood because this is an area that is linked with survival (our job is what pays our bills) as well as identity (our job is how we define ourselves). As a matter of fact, the more resistance you encounter, the more likely that you’re hitting paydirt in your transformational process.
Nick Cave, The Sick Bag Song|The boy will grow older, and over time there will be other songs – not many – ten or maybe twenty in a lifespan, that stand apar from the rest of the music he will discover. He will realise as he grows older still, and crosses the Canadian border and drives down into Seattle, that not only are these songs holy or sacred, they are hiding songs – what the Aztec Indians call carrion songs – that deal exclusively in darkness, obfuscation, concealment and secrecy. He will realize that, for him, the purpose of these songs has been to shut off the sun, to draw a long shadow down and protect him from the corrosive glare of the world.
Audrey Niffenegger, The Time Traveler's Wife|Right now we are here, and nothing can mar our perfection, or steal the joy of this perfect moment.
Joe Abercrombie, Best Served Cold|A brave man could conquer fear, he had learned that, but perhaps only for a time. It was something the young did not understand, the way it could gnaw at a man, the way it came back stronger every time, until you were alone and gasping for breath.
Yann Martel|If you never leave me, I won't eat your stuff. - Belle, Dog Only Knows
Henry Rollins|Everything must change and you do what you can with the changes that are made. You can't stop it. You can't fight it. Everybody tries to go back to yesterday, but you can't go back to yesterday. The only time there is, is now.
Melania Trump|The beach is still a public place, and that's an amazing grace about Chicago. We have so many problems, but the water always stays. That inspires me and keeps me inspired about the city and keeps me hopeful.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|But she knew, though very vaguely, that she was crying, because hope hurts terribly when it breaks through the resignation in which you have lived for days.
Kamila Shamsie, Kartography|Bijli fails in the dead of night / Won’t help to call “I need a light” / You’re in Karachi now / Oh, oh you’re in Karachi now. / Night is falling and you just cant see / Is this illusion or KESC / You’re in Karachi now
Anthony Liccione|You might consider how to escape from a cage must surely require, foremost, awareness of the fact of the cage.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Self-Reliance|Cynic, n. A blackguard whose faulty vision sees things as they are not as they ought to be.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|Where is the pain when your pride is wounded? And why do we say that: wounded? There is no gash, no blood, not even a scratch. Which part of us hurts? The brain cells? The neurons? What, for goodness' sake, what?
Nicholas D. Evans, Mastering Digital Business: How powerful combinations of disruptive technologies are enabling the next wave of digital transformation|By digitizing a traditionally analog business model or process, we're effectively turning it into bits and atoms and enabling an infinite variety of possibilities.
K.A. Laity, Rook Chant: Collected Writings on Witchcraft and Paganism|Something terrible happens to people who don't create, something poisonous. Creating is a necessity for all humans, like breathing. If you don't do it, you suffer.
Sarah Warden, Blood of Earth|I thought that you would be frozen in awe when you found the sequence, when you heard a bird's song repeating my Morse code, my cry for help, my S.O.S, when you saw the same numbers in the petals of a flower and the structure of a pine cone, when you saw with your own eyes the interconnectedness of all things.But I was wrong.You searched for a male god, a creator, an intelligent designer, or you banished the beauty and mystery of the world beneath the cold concrete grave of closed-eye skepticism. The few of you who could still hear my music felt tortured and misunderstood; you reached out for any conspiracy theory large enough to explain your alienated despair, your sense that the Earth was dying and no one cared.But listen to me -- you are not alone. Run your fingers through the grass and grab it in your fists, feel my pulse echoing through your blood. You. Are. Not. Alone. And I -- I am not dead yet.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley|But in truth, neither the lonely meditations of the hermit nor the turmulos raptures of the reveller, are capable of satisfying man’s heart. From the one we gather unquiet speculation, from the other satiety. The mind flags beneath the weight of thought, and droops in thee heartless intercourse of those whose sole aim is amusement. There is no fruition in their vacant kindness, and sharp rocs lur beneath the smiling ripples of these shallow waters.
William Shatner|As for logic and internal consistency, these mundane rules do not apply to sacred writings and never have...
Samantha Shannon|I was a little shocked at how adult some of the humor was, because I was never that into animation before and when I watched 'Shrek' I really laughed out loud.
Jim Rohn|Education must begin with the solution of the student-teacher contradiction, by reconciling the poles of the contradiction so that both are simultaneously teachers and students.
Darien Gee, Friendship Bread|You can never recover from losing a person you love, but you can find a way to let it be part of your life rather than letting it take over every part of you
Neal Shusterman, Challenger Deep|As smart as I am, it took a boy stuck in his house to teach me that sometimes it doesn't matter where you are at all. It only matters whos with you.
Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being|The twentieth-century conservative is concerned, first of all, for the regeneration of the spirit and character – with the perennial problem of the inner order of the soul, the restoration of the ethical understanding, and the religious sanction upon which any life worth living is founded. This is conservatism at its highest.
Evy Michaels|I am defined not just by what you see, but by the potential within me, the possibilities I represent
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|When God talks, please hear… rise up my dear… drop down the fear… your future is clear… success is near… Just go and try again! Give one more trial and you’ll kiss the trophy. Greatness rises up with those who rise up after falling!
Thomas Ligotti, Teatro Grottesco|Perhaps our judgement of the purple woman was unfair. No doubt her theories concerning the "approach of the Teatro" made us all uneasy. But was this reason enough to cast her out from that artistic underworld which was the only society available to her? Like many societies, of course, ours was founded on fearful superstition, and this is always reason enough for any kind of behavior. She had been permanently stigmatized by too closely associating herself with something unclean in its essence.
Mark Twain|There are two kinds of people: those who say to God  "Thy will be done " and those to whom God says  "All right  then  have it your way."
John F. Kennedy|I believe in pink. I believe that laughing is the best calorie burner. I believe in kissing, kissing a lot. I believe in being strong when everything seems to be going wrong. I believe that happy girls are the prettiest girls. I believe that tomorrow is another day and I believe in miracles.
Compton Gage, Devil's Inception|Set as higher dimensional beings walking the earth today, who must INcarnate (there is no REincarnation if there is no time. Exception: descending spirals which crystallize in lower frequencies) to live in the various dream worlds (this one included) with the final "kick"/baptism by water, pulling up ALL the densities/dimensions through LOVE.
Malcolm Muggeridge|I travel for work, but recently, friends said I should take major trips.
Lang Leav, Lullabies|For me, that was the death of the word, or; because now, there is no other. It was the end of the word, and; for I love only you.
Heidi Cullinan, Love Lessons|We're growing up and I don't like it," said Tacy, as they say at Heinz's later, drinking coffee.
David Kinnaman|The truths embodied in historical stories are thus not absolute or universal, but relative to the cultural context in which they are made.
Richard Bachman|Immature citizens in several sizes were massed before a large factorylike structure where advanced techniques transformed them into true-thinking right-acting members of the three social classes, lower, middle, and upper middle.
Margaret Atwood, The Edible Woman|If I don't keep this job, then my only future career-options are working in Argos, or being a prostitute,' I say, w
Rebecca McNutt, Smog City|With Pollution, emotion is irrelevant, it is not their nature,” Mearth sighed, making a face as if she were talking to an ignorant small child. “I didn’t create them, humans created the Pollution. Cheryl Nobel, Alecto Steele, Albert Sanders, Olivia Campbell, all my pretty little Representations, there aren’t many of them left these days but they’re still very dangerous! They’re here to tell society all about its mistakes! You don’t understand the world of Representations.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Obesity affects every aspect of a people's lives, from health to relationships.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Don’t rush, just because you have reasons! Reason with the reasons and take definite action in the right direction, in haste, where needed, or with patience, where it is essential to do so! Mind your thought and think about your action!
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|Despite several millennia of building best business practices, despite all the analysis and planning, and forced discipline and structure, what makes us human will never be cleaved from how work gets done.
J.P. Delaney, The Girl Before|It's hard to explain how an infatuation actually starts. It's a state so all-encompassing that it's almost impossible to remember how it felt to live inside your own head before it began. Everything that precedes it becomes a pathway that was always leading there. Time before is valuable only as a resource with which to create a persona, to bind the object of the infatuation closer. I had given my (partially fabricated) past life to Mizuko to make a story that in the end never got told. Or not by her. It is also hard to explain the intensity of the infatuation itself. There is rarely an explanation that seems reasonable to anyone but you. Unless you're part of a cult or viral phenomenon, so that when you weep outside the object of your infatuation's hotel room, you do so in the company of millions.
George Ikilikjan|This is reality, back home is routine.
Saaif Alam|If you bewilder other people about your self identify, this shows that you are behaving really good in disguise. Also, if posses this kind of personality, you will likely have no remorse for your mistakes and you will eventually lose your trust from others.
Edgar Douglas Adrian|Unless social sciences can be as creative as natural science, our new tools are not likely to be of much use to us.
Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia|As often as we made love I remembered what my poet told me, that this man was born of a goddess, the force that moves the stars and the waves of the sea and couples the animals in the fields in spring, the power of passion, the light of the evening star.
Deyth Banger|Strategists seek to increase available options by manipulating structure and context, and in this way dictate the terms of conflict. One of the most captivating discussions of manipulating rules and boundaries to further the end of politics is in William Riker’s thought-provoking conception of heresthetics. Riker produces more than a dozen examples of a master strategist’s manipulation of perceptions, agendas, rules, and procedures to assure the strategist’s desired results would ensue. The strategist does not seek a specific outcome or decision; instead the process of decision-making is altered to increase the likelihood that a desired decision will be made. In most cases, the strategist provides additional choices for the opponent, inducing the other side to make a decision that was not previously apparent, but now seems necessary. By increasing the choices of others, strategists increase their own power.
Joel Osteen|I spend my money on holidays and eating out, and it allows me to be generous.
Tom Spanbauer, The Man Who Fell in Love with the Moon|It has taken me a lot of years, but I find silence is sometimes the best answer.
Gertrude Chandler Warner, Surprise Island|I work hard, and I do good, and I’m going to enjoy myself. I’m not going to let you restrict me.
Patricia Selbert, The House of Six Doors|Oh my gosh, he smells good, like some exotic but comforting spice, nutmeg or cardamom. Slowly Damian lowers his head to mine and I think my chest might explode, my heart is tap-dancing so qui
Guy Mankowski, How I Left the National Grid: A post-punk novel|Apathy's just a front. People offer it when there's something stronger hiding underneath. You have to work harder to tap into it, but then your performance has even more power.
George Lakoff, Philosophy in the Flesh: The Embodied Mind and its Challenge to Western Thought|Cognitive science has something of enormous importance to contribute to human freedom: the ability to learn what our unconscious conceptual systems are like and how our cognitive unconscious functions. If we do not realize that most of our thought is unconscious and that we think metaphorically, we will indeed be slaves to the cognitive unconscious. Paradoxically, the assumption that we have a radically autonomous rationality as traditionally conceived actually limits our rational autonomy. It condemns us to cognitive slavery - to an unaware and uncritical dependence on our unconscious metaphors. To maximize what conceptual freedom we can have, we must be able to see through and move beyond philosophies that deny the existence of an embodied cognitive unconscious that governs most of our mental lives.
Norton Juster, The Phantom Tollbooth|But that can never be," said Milo, jumping to his feet."Don't be too sure," said the child patiently, "for one of the nicest things about mathematics, or anything else you might care to learn, is that many of the things which can never be, often are. You see," he went on, "it's very much like your trying to reach Infinity. You know that it's there, but you just don't know where — but just because you can never reach it doesn't mean that it's not worth looking for.
Veronica Roth|A better man wouldn’t play this ‘sweethearts’ game with her when he knew very well it couldn’t lead to more.But he wasn’t a better man. He was Colin Sandhurst, reckless, incorrigible rogue—and damn it, he couldn’t resist. He wanted to amuse her, spoil her, feed her sweets and delicacies. Steal a kiss or two, when she wasn’t expecting it. He wanted to be a besotted young buck squiring his girl around the fair.In other words, he wanted to live honestly. Just for the day.
Antwi Isaac - BORN2WIN.|If they couldn't stopped you from dreaming it, they can neither stop you from living it. DREAM, BELIEVE AND LIVE it.
Reggie Jackson|Sometimes you just need to raise your voice. And sometimes a little anger is necessary, to be honest.
Mark Batterson, All In: You Are One Decision Away From a Totally Different Life|You can be saved without suffering, but you cannot be sanctified without suffering. That doesn't mean you seek it out, but it does mean you see it for what it is. It's an opportunity to glorify God.
Katlyn Charlesworth, While Rome Burned|They say the eyes are the apertures to the soul. If that is so, I feared Locusta's soul was far darker than even Nero's.
Andrew  Taylor, The Four Last Things|The grief of children was unconditional, fueled by the implicit belief that it would last forever; for a child, grief was not grief unless it was eternal.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|I have been able to be kind and pleasant to him because every time I think of what happened in Erudite headquarters, I immediately push the thought aside. But that can't be forgiveness - if I had forgiven him, I would be able to think of what happened without that hated I can feel in my gut, right?Or maybe forgiveness is just the continual pushing aside of bitter memories, until time dulls the hurt and the anger, and the wrong is forgotten.
Hina Hashmi, Your Life A Practical Guide to Happiness Peace and Fulfilment|In every moment, you make decisions based on your beliefs or inspiration which comes to you directly from the divine/universe.
Janet Fitch, White Oleander|Isn't it funny.I'm enjoying my hatred so much more than i ever enjoyed love. Love is temperamental. Tiring. It makes demands. Love uses you, changes its mind. But hatred, now, that's something you can use. Sculpt. Wield. It's hard, or soft, however you need it. Love humiliates you, but Hatred cradles you.
Elana K. Arnold, What Girls Are Made Of|About the subject of love. You know? People have it all wrong. It isn’t about What one can bring you, or do for you. Love isn’t about being even or keepingscore. It’s not even about respect…even respect; carries with it limitations. It is allabout inner strength. The inner strength to lose all pride and ego…and allow yourself to be completely, totally, and utterly…vulnerable. To allow the rippingapart, the bleeding, the complete shedding of one’s skin…so that you are availableto submit to your partner. Submitting…it’s not a weakness. It is the ultimate in strength. When one submits, they are saying;” I am imperfect, you are imperfect. Your imperfection is beautiful to me and I choose to only love you.” There is no greaterstrength. It is the ultimate in respect, reverence, adoration. There is no greater gift.
EverSkeptic|Two wrongs never add up to a right. But it's okay, I always sucked at maths.
Tom Landry|If it came to a magic genie, I would ask him for two extra wishes. One would be that no one would have to live with the muscular dystrophy disease or any disease. And the second one would be world peace, that we just stop fighting, talk about things, and we could live in harmony once again, like God intended us to do.
William H. Gass, Omensetter's Luck|It was nearing 9 O'clock, and the fist duck was drawing down. Behind the trees, the first star pricked out, low and brilliant. The light breeze of the day had dropped, and the evening was very still. The stream sounded loud. I walked down to the gate and stood leaning on the top bar, enjoying the scent of the roses, and straining to listen for any sound from the lane or the road beyond.
|Some friends would persuade you to buy a lot of expensive materialistic things, but wouldn't dare to give you a single dime if you were to find yourself in a financial crisis. So be very careful my dear friends, and stay clear from people who push you to live beyond your means. They are definitely not in your life to favor your destiny.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Truly, the world is in need of moral leadership . . .that teaches the difference between right and wrong and teaches us to forgive one another even as we are forgiven by our Father in heaven.
Laura Anderson Kurk, Perfect Glass|My mom told me once that Wyatt loved her the way a boy will love his mother, but I loved her the way an artist loves another. Jo taught me what that meant.
Michelle Hodkin, The Unbecoming of Mara Dyer|I stifled a yawn. "It's too early to be such an asshat, Daniel.
Douglas Adams, Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency|Unfortunately this Electric Monk had developed a fault, and had started to believe all kinds of things, more or less at random. It was even beginning to believe things they'd have difficulty believing in Salt Lake City.
Mary Calhoun|Cleery said, "We'll pass it on, Knobs. There'll still be magic in the world.
Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar|Neurotic, ha!" I let out a scornful laugh. "If neurotic is wanting two mutually exclusive things at one and the same time, then I'm neurotic as hell. I'll be flying back and forth between one mutually exclusive thing and another for the rest of my days.
Thomas Sowell, Knowledge And Decisions|The people's government, made for the people, made by the people and answerable to the people.January 1830
Henry R. Luce|Mohr was one of the most talented people on the staff of Time, in print as well as in person—the two are often different.
Elizabeth Gilbert|Why they always look so serious in Yoga? You make serious face like this, you scare away good energy. To meditate, only you must smile. Smile with face, smile with mind, and good energy will come to you and clean away dirty energy. Even smile in your liver. Practice tonight at hotel. Not to hurry, not to try too hard. Too serious, you make you sick. You can calling the good energy with a smile.(From Ketut Liyer, the Balinese healer)
Leo Tolstoy|Happiness consists in always aspiring perfection, the pause in any level in perfection is the pause of happiness
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|The first key to a purposeful living is to accept the responsibility of your mission. When you agree "yes" to the calling, then you ask God "why?".
Casi McLean|When you let go of past pain, believe in yourself, and follow your dreams—you can find true happiness!
Joe Jonas|I know. I'm lazy. But I made myself a New Years resolution that I would write myself something really special. Which means I have 'til December, right?
Grace|We don't have to always win,Sometimes we need to be deprived by others to improve ourselves.
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|As all material creation consists of out-births of things spiritual, the spiritual world being the world of causes, and the natural world that of effects, and as effects are the repositories of their causes, the natural world is the reflection of the spiritual. For this reason, from the beginning of things, the sun has stood out as a pre-eminent symbol of the things of God. Of all inanimate things it bears the closest correspondence to the Supreme Being, for what it is in the natural world the Supreme Being is in the Spiritual. Its central fire is the correspondence of the essence of the Divine Nature--DIVINE LOVE; its heat the correspondence of the heat flowing from Divine Love, which is Divine Goodness and all that that comprises; its light the correspondence of Divine Truth which is the light proceeding from Divine Wisdom; and the union of heat and light in its central essence forever symbolizes the union of the Divine Love and Wisdom resulting from that of the Divine Will and Understanding.God is the SUN from whose heat and light--His Love and Wisdom--proceed all that is spiritual, and through the spiritual, by the medium of the natural sun, all that is natural. The sun is supreme in all natural things, and its operations run through all in its own world, but the Divine SUN from which it derives its origin is supreme in all and operates through all, above and below. And as the natural sun is everywhere present in its own realm, and all things derive their life and grow in more or less perfect measure according to their forms and distances, so is the Supreme One omnipresent, filling both the spiritual and the natural world.
William L. Lavell|Oh, for the love of God. There is no agent more agent than you. I swear you have pin-striped ties encrypted into your DNA. When you die, the coffin is going to read Property of the FBI.
Alice Oswald|I'm an exile. My father had the courage to leave with his wife, his mother and three children under twelve. It took more courage to leave, to sacrifice everything for freedom, than to stay.
Robin Hobb, Fool's Quest|I found myself speaking softly as if I were telling an old tale to a young child. And giving it a happy ending, when all know that tales never end, and the happy ending is but a moment to catch one’s breath before the next disaster. But I didn’t want to think about that. I didn’t want to wonder what would happen next.
Fyodor Dostoevsky|It's true hard work never killed anybody, but I figure, why take the chance?
Fiona Archer, Chloe's Double Draw|I may have one need that you could fulfill if you'd like..." he said.
Geneen Roth, Women, Food and God: An Unexpected Path to Almost Everything|Staying requires being curious about who you actually are when you don't take yourself to be a collection of memories.When you don't infer your existence form replaying what happened to you, when you don't take yourself to be the girl your mother/father/brother/teacher/lover didn't see or adore. When you sense yourself directly, immediately, right now, without preconception, who are you?
Anna Quindlen|Yes, as an oppressed people, American Indians have this epic burden, but first and foremost, they're human: sometimes a mess, sometimes funny or sad, at times very wise, and other times not wise at all - a lot like me.
Paula Stokes, Girl Against the Universe|Time doesn’t heal anything. It’s like drinking. The best it can do is help you forget, if you’re lucky.
Tom Petty|Growing up in a very big family, working together and playing together, that is something that has been part of my life since ever I was born. It has advantages and disadvantages. It's like an older style of living where everyone works in the family business.
genevieve cortese|Your mother is going to be fine," the nurse says. I breathe more easily but the word settles into my stomach. Fine. Was she fine before?
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|On Friday night, I was reading my new book, but my brain got tired, so I decided to watch some television instead.
Brooke Bida|The passion of Jesus is lonely only as all our deaths are lonely. He is with us in the loneliness of death, too. And so, he and we are not alone even there. The same blow that strikes him dead, strikes us all dead, and it strikes us in the same way.
Robert Louis Stevenson, Essays in the Art of Writing|We may now briefly enumerate the elements of style.  We have, peculiar to the prose writer, the task of keeping his phrases large, rhythmical, and pleasing to the ear, without ever allowing them to fall into the strictly metrical: peculiar to the versifier, the task of combining and contrasting his double, treble, and quadruple pattern, feet and groups, logic and metre—harmonious in diversity: common to both, the task of artfully combining the prime elements of language into phrases that shall be musical in the mouth; the task of weaving their argument into a texture of committed phrases and of rounded periods—but this particularly binding in the case of prose: and, again common to both, the task of choosing apt, explicit, and communicative words.  We begin to see now what an intricate affair is any perfect passage; how many faculties, whether of taste or pure reason, must be held upon the stretch to make it; and why, when it is made, it should afford us so complete a pleasure.  From the arrangement of according letters, which is altogether arabesque and sensual, up to the architecture of the elegant and pregnant sentence, which is a vigorous act of the pure intellect, there is scarce a faculty in man but has been exercised.  We need not wonder, then, if perfect sentences are rare, and perfect pages rarer.-ON SOME TECHNICAL ELEMENTS OF STYLE IN LITERATURE
Rachel Carson, The Sea Around Us|With these surface waters, through a series of delicately adjusted, interlocking relationship, the life of all parts of the sea is linked. What happens to a diatom in the upper, sunlit strata of the sea may well determine what happens to a cod lying on a ledge of some rocky canyon a hundred fathoms below, or to a bed of multicolored, gorgeously plumed seaworms carpeting an underlying shoal. or to a prawn creeping over the soft oozes of the sea floor in the balckness of mile-deep water.
Richard Dawkins, A Devil's Chaplain: Reflections on Hope, Lies, Science, and Love|It is absolutely safe to say that if you meet somebody who claims not to believe in evolution, that person is ignorant, stupid or insane (or wicked, but I'd rather not consider that).
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead|But then, we have science, and with its help we shall discover Truth once more; then we shall accept it in full knowledge. Knowledge is of a higher order than feeling; awareness of life is of a higher order than life. Science will give us wisdom, wisdom will reveal to us the laws of nature, and knowledge of the laws of nature will confer upon us a happiness beyond happiness.
Prentice Mulford, Thoughts Are Things|His thoughts were hemmed in. One can only draw curved lines on the terrestrial sphere which, as they extend, forever meet with themselves. At such intersections we always encounter what we have already seen.
Tanya Masse|The "I love you"s are exchanged excessively under our roof. Cancer teaches you how important and critical that is.
Muhammad Jawad|Mom is my best friend not because she is my mom, but because-She is the one who understand me without my saying,She is the one who can read my eyes,she is the one who can read my painful heart,She is the one who can give love without any return,She is the one who never leave my hand no matter how much i fight with her,She is the one who never complains for anything you do to her,She is the one with whom i can share everything without fear,She is my best guide,She fight for me when i am innocent,She trust me who others don't,This is why She is the one who is my Best Friend. Love you mom...
William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet|To be thus is nothing, but to be safely thus...
Steven Farmer|When One judges another, they unconsciously allow themselves to be judged.
Nicky Jam|You do stand-up because you have to do it. If you're doing it to become 'famous,' you're wrong. If you're doing it to become a millionaire, you're doing it for the wrong reasons. In 2003, I was flat broke. I'd been doing stand-up for 14 years at that point. I loved it and just kept at it.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Welcome to the Monkey House|I am committing suicide by cigarette,” I replied. She thought that was reasonably funny. I didn’t. I thought it was hideous that I should scorn life that much, sucking away on cancer sticks.
Evelyn Waugh|I knew it all, the whole drab compass of marital disillusion; we had been through it together, the Army and I, from the first importunate courtship until now, when nothing remained to us except the chill bonds of law and duty and custom. I had played every scene in the domestic tragedy, had found the early tiffs become more frequent, the tears less affecting, the reconciliations less sweet, till they engendered a mood of aloofness and cool criticism, and the growing conviction that it was not myself but the loved one who was at fault. I caught the false notes in her voice and learned to listen for them apprehensively; I recognized the blank, resentful stare of incomprehension in her eyes, and the selfish, hard set of the corners of her mouth. I learned her, as one must learn a woman one has kept house with, day in, day out, for three and a half years; I learned her slatternly ways, the routine and mechanism of her charm, her jealousy and self-seeking, and her nervous trick with the fingers when she was lying. She was stripped of all enchantment now and I knew her for an uncongenial stranger to whom I had bound myself indissolubly in a moment of folly.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|You need to realize there will always be beliefs that seek to limit and others that seek to stretch you to your highest potential. Just because you cannot see or do something, does not mean it is not there or cannot be done.
Hasil Paudyal|Dream big!But not so big that it becomes a mess, and you may never reach reality.
aismj|you will never know how valuable a thing or a person is...until its not with you anymore,then you`ll regret...its not my fault.its urs..
Robin McKinley, Beauty: A Retelling of the Story of Beauty and the Beast|As I have said, you have no reason to trust me, and an excellent reason not to.
Jose Mourinho|If it's great stuff, the people who consume it are nourished. It's a positive force.
Mev Puleo, The Struggle Is One: Voices and Visions of Liberation|...the oppressor is truly repressed. Their poverty is existential, often surrounded by an abundance of material goods. (Leonardo Boff, p. 179)
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Your age reflects or measures the rate at which you have been spending life. Every one born into this world is given life and that life is measured in units of time. Spending time means spending life, wasting time means wasting life. Getting value out of time means, getting value out of life. Time does not stop moving because we stopped working with purpose, meaning life does not stop or take a break even when you plan to go on vacation. You never stop spending time, even when you don’t have a penny in your pocket.
Matthew Lillard|I heard that people were really interested in the new haircut, which I think is so funny. Great haircut, I really like it. It goes great with the time period. And I was super, super, super-happy to have my bangs swept to the side rather than straight in front of me, which I dealt with for three seasons. I'm very, very much done with that.
Geraldine Brooks, March|Who is the brave man--he who feels no fear? If so, then bravery is but a polite term for a mind devoid of rationality and imagination.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, The Thing Around Your Neck|Take the example of our spinner. We have seen that, to daily reproduce his labouring power, he must daily reproduce a value of three shillings, which he will do by working six hours daily. But this does not disable him from working ten or twelve or more hours a day. But by paying the daily or weekly value of the spinner's labouring power the capitalist has acquired the right of using that labouring power during the whole day or week. He will, therefore, make him work say, daily, twelve hours. Over and above the six hours required to replace his wages, or the value of his labouring power, he will, therefore, have to work six other hours, which I shall call hours of surplus labour, which surplus labour will realize itself in a surplus value and a surplus produce. If our spinner, for example, by his daily labour of six hours, added three shillings' value to the cotton, a value forming an exact equivalent to his wages, he will, in twelce hours, add six shillings' worth to the cotton, and produce a proportional surplus of yarn. As he has sold his labouring power to the capitalist, the whole value of produce created by him belongs to the capitalist, the owner pro tem. of his labouring power. By advancing three shillings, the capitalist will, therefore, realize a value of six shillings, because, advancing a value in which six hours of labour are crystallized. By repeating this same process daily, the capitalist will daily advance three shillings and daily pocket six shillings, one half of which will go to pay wages anew, and the other half of which will form surplus value, for which the capitalist pays no equivalent. It is this sort of exchange between capital and labour upon which capitalistic production, or the wages system, is founded, and which must constantly result in reproducing the working man as a working man, and the capitalist as a capitalist.
Aamir Sarfraz (aamir rajput khan)|Work hard in Silence, Let success make the noise.
John G. Diefenbaker|I am a Canadian, free to speak without fear, free to worship in my own way, free to stand for what I think right, free to oppose what I believe wrong, or free to choose those who shall govern my country. This heritage of freedom I pledge to uphold for myself and all mankind.
Roger Zelazny, Frost & Fire|I know, too, that death is the only god who comes when you call.
William Barrett, The Illusion of Technique: A Search for Meaning in a Technological Civilization|From what deep springs of character our personal philosophies issue, we cannot be sure. In philosophers themselves we seem always able to notice some deep internal correspondence between the man and his philosophy. Are our philosophies, then, merely the inevitable outcome of the body of fate and personal circumstance that is thrust upon each of us? Or are these beliefs the means by which we freely create ourselves as the persons we become? Here, at the very outset, the question of freedom already hovers in the background.
nooralam|I m not fighting with world, I am fighting with my self to improve my strength.
Geraldine Solon, Authorpreneur in Pajamas|Live, Love and be grateful you are capable of it.
Myles Horton, We Make the Road by Walking: Conversations on Education and Social Change|He was one of those men, and they are not the commonest, of whom we can know the best only by following them away from the marketplace, the platform, and the pulpit, entering with them into their own homes, hearing the voice with which they speak to the young and aged about their own hearthstone, and witnessing their thoughtful care for the everyday wants of everyday companions, who take all their kindness as a matter of course, and not as a subject for panegyric.
Shonda Rhimes, Year of Yes: How to Dance It Out, Stand In the Sun and Be Your Own Person|They tell you: Follow your dreams. Listen to your spirit. Change the world. Make your mark. Find your inner voice and make it sing. Embrace failure. Dream. Dream and dream big. As a matter of fact, dream and don’t stop dreaming until your dream comes true.I think that’s crap.I think a lot of people dream. And while they are busy dreaming, the really happy people, the really successful people, the really interesting, powerful, engaged people? Are busy doing.
Moby|Never fear a job, always respect it, and always leave yourself a hind door to escape. May your hind door always be open.
Dada Bhagwan|Some people claim, ‘I am the Knower-Seer (Gnata-Drashta)’. Hey! What do you mean you are ‘Knower-Seer’? ‘You’ are still ‘Chandubhai’? The Knower-Seer state begins after one realizes the Self, after one attains the awareness of the Self [the soul].
Frida Kahlo|You may call God love, you may call God goodness. But the best name for God is compassion.
Terence McKenna|The old man smiled. 'I shall not die of a cold, my son. I shall die of having lived.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|To Polish the Gold & Help Others Shine . . . Make a list of positives:Whether you would like to nurture a healthy relationship or improve a toxic one, make a list of positives which you admire about the other person. Begin by identifying, acknowledging, and focusing on their good qualities. Your perspective and how you feel about the person will begin to shift. You will find it much easier to polish the gold from a perspective of gratitude and appreciation.
Bobby Darin|Our national motto is 'In God we Trust,' reminding us that faith in our Creator is the most important American value of all.
Michael A. Martin & Andy Mangels, Skeletons in the Closet|Frankie runs a sex moon and has kids. My head hurts just thinking about it. You still keep up with her, too, then?”Ryelle's face took on a hunted expression. “She sends me coupons, Declan.
T.J. Klune, Burn|Just rest and soon enough, you'll be home." I assured her as she slowly closed her eyes and the smile on her face faded.
Debasish Mridha|The sun enlightens everyone, but the light of knowledge enlightens those who are actively seeking the light.
Robert Jordan|The only rules he wanted to remember were "never kiss a girl whose brothers have knife scars" and "never gamble without knowning a back way out
Liane Moriarty|I feel the older I get, the more I'm learning to handle life. Being on this quest for a long time, it's all about finding yourself.
Anne Lamott, Grace (Eventually): Thoughts on Faith|Nothing about me is "deep", but my divine creator is so.
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls: Life Lessons from Solo Moments on the Road|We can talk about it, dream about it and dissect the fine print.In the end, only action satisfies our longing.
Donna Grant, Dragon King|Grace flattened her palm on his chest. "I've not been writing it correctly."	"Writing what, exactly?"	"Passion. I forgot what it was," she whispered. "I went off what I saw in movies or read, but I haven't...experienced...it in many years."	He didn't like thinking about other men being with her, but they were in the past. Where they would remain. "Were they no' good lovers?"	"They were all right, but without passion, it all feels...empty."	Arian tightened his arm around her before he rolled her onto her back so he could look into her face. "I'll be happy to show you several times a day.
Yann Martel|Life does not end when a relationship ends, just like life doesn't start when a relationship starts.
Jamie Farrell, Sugared|If heaven existed, she’d just found it. His earthy scent. His stabilizing energy. Nothing smelled better, not even fresh bread from the oven, or a puppy or lilacs in the summer. He filled every crevice in her heart, gluing the broken pieces back together, one breath at a time.
Auliq-Ice|Forgiveness is always hard, but we must always try to leave room for reasonable attempts at reconciliation to occur.
Paul The Astronaut|RAINThunder skiesdewdrops fall,timeless motion.Heavy drizzles,blurred visionslumbering moon.
Christopher Marlowe, Edward II|Hot from hell. Caesar's spirit raging in revenge. Cry,havoc! And let slip the dogs of war.
Sunday Adelaja|Once you are saved, you have to locate your own territory
Woodrow Wilson, Congressional Government: A Study in American Politics|But having biologists outside the Beltway remained a problem for the adminisration. "They found they couldn't control us," Williams said... "That sort of thing just drove them up the wall. They were so used to saying 'do this,' and we'll just go away and do it. Never ask questions. The biologists had good connections with the press and national environmental group. "So eventually they said, 'Okay we're going to send you guys out to the hinterlands.'" The Regan administration began to dismantle the Endangered Species Office in D.C. Biologists have been working from regional offices ever since.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|‎By reacting from fear instead of responding from love, you inject poison directly into the veins of your relationship.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you are alive, don’t ever lose hope.
Euripides|The man is happiest who lives from day to day and asks no more, garnering the simple goodness of life.
Steven Brust|The tools are real. The viewer is real, you, the artist, is real and a part of everything you paint. You connect yourself to the viewer by sharing something that is inside of you that connects with something inside of him. All you have as your guide is that you know what moves you. All you have to do it with is a brush, some chemical and canvas, and technique.
Eden Robinson, Monkey Beach|I used to think that if I could talk to the spirit world, I'd get some answers. Ha bloody ha. I wish the dead would just come out and say what they mean instead of being so passive-aggressive about the whole thing.
T.M. Frazier, The Dark Light of Day|I’m fairly certain I’m having my first truly religious experience, and it’s probably a very bad thing that it’s happening in a church, but it’s over a sculpture. Mental note: Add idol worship to your list for confession.
Richard Wiseman, 59 Seconds: Think a Little, Change a Lot|solid and dense as his own, a nose ring and angelbites.
Joan Dye Gussow|As for butter versus margarine, I trust cows more than chemists.
Gregory Cochran|Barbee had always wondered about mental institutions. He thought of taking notes for a feature story on this adventure at Glennhaven, as the evening wore on, began to seem remarkable for utter lack of anything noteworthy. It began to appear as a fragile never-never land, populated with timid souls in continual retreat from the real world outside and even from one another within.
Compton Gage, Devil's Inception|Fifth Cosmic Seal:(Liber 003 - Seal of Tuzassotama) One who has received this Cosmic Seal is mystically empowered to proclaim himself as "God, Lord, Universal Master or God-Incarnate" on earth and he controls all spirits of the occult kingdoms.
Orlando Bloom|I was home-schooled, was always very close with my mom, and was very straight-laced and square. I was never the rebellious one, and I never threw hissy fits. I was the type of person that would show a Powerpoint presentation about why I should do something versus crying and screaming over it.
Clarence Thomas|Unfortunately, our affluent society has also been an effluent society.
Stephen Richards|Poverty: a temporary financial low, curable by money.
Neil Gaiman|For an idea that does not first seem insane, there is no hope.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If you think it is spiritual to burn food in front of starving people in hopes that your gods will bring this back to you in triplicate, you are missing the point and sowing animosity from all sides.
Gisele Bundchen|If a lot of people gripped a knife and fork the way they do a golf club, they'd starve to death.
Shannon  Mullen, See What Flowers|That’s what mountains do, they taunt you, lure you to the freedom of the wilderness, and it is fucking exhilarating.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|What a hundred caring, courageous and conscientious women can achieve in ten years, would take a thousand men a hundred years.
Nawazuddin Siddiqui|To do what I love every day and have the support of the fans, it does not happen like this all the time, so it is important to be thankful... I know it doesn't last forever, and we have to get it while we can.
Linda Howard, Loving Evangeline|Do you want me?" she whispered, licking him again. She felt very warm, and slightly drunk with her feminine power. Desire was unfurling inside her, opening like a flower. Her breasts throbbed, and she rubbed them against his leg.He gave a strangled laugh, almost undone by her natural sensuality. "Look a few inches to your right and tell me what you think.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Thought—he told himself quietly—is a weapon one uses in order to act. No action was possible. Thought is the tool by which one makes a choice. No choice was left to him. Thought sets one’s purpose and the way to reach it. In the matter of his life being torn piece by piece out of him, he was to have no voice, no purpose, no way, no defense.
Susanna Kearsley|A walk through the storage facility of the community museum where I worked might easily have convinced you that people in the past wore only wedding dresses, carried silver candlesticks, and played with porcelain dolls.
Gloria Naylor|But I don't believe that life is supposed to make you feel good, or to make you feel miserable either. Life is just supposed to make you feel.
George Bernard Shaw|That is the injustice of a woman's lot. A woman has to bring up her children; and that means to restrain them, to deny them things they want, to set them tasks, to punish them when they do wrong, to do all the unpleasant things. And then the father, who has nothing to do but pet them and spoil them, comes in when all her work is done and stealstheir affection from her.
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|The pessimist resembles a man who observes with fear and sadness that his wall calendar, from which he daily tears a sheet, grows thinner with each passing day. On the other hand, the person who attacks the problems of life actively is like a man who removes each successive leaf from his calendar and files it neatly and carefully away with its predecessors, after first having jotted down a few diary notes on the back. He can reflect with pride and joy on all the richness set down in these notes, on all the life he has already lived to the fullest. What will it matter to him if he notices that he is growing old? Has he any reason to envy the young people whom he sees, or wax nostalgic over his own lost youth? What reasons has he to envy a young person? For the possibilities that a young person has, the future which is in store for him?No, thank you,' he will think. 'Instead of possibilities, I have realities in my past, not only the reality of work done and of love loved, but of sufferings bravely suffered. These sufferings are even the things of which I am most proud, although these are things which cannot inspire envy.
Jared Diamond, Guns, Germs, and Steel: The Fates of Human Societies|Not until the beginning of the 20th century did Europe's urban populations finally become self-sustaining: before then, constant immigration of healthy peasants from the countryside was necessary to make up for the constant deaths of city dwellers from crowd diseases.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|My hope is in you, Mighty One!
Tarun Betala, The Things We Don't Know:  How mankind found answers to some of life's most pressing questions.|We, of all the beings that we know of, can think. We can eat, write, build, save. We can predict, estimate, and count. We can preserve food for lifetimes, and in times of crisis, we can find ways to ensure our survival. With each passing generation, our sphere of control of our existence is larger. What if the earth is hit by an asteroid or there is no way to stop global warming? We look to colonize other planets. The fate of our species, in a few years, will not be tied to the fate of the earth. Our home planet must be cared for ... but as we go interplanetary and then interstellar, our control on our lives and the evolution of our species grows. As far as we know, we are the only species that has a say in the development of its future.
Gudjon Bergmann, Empowerment Basics|Many people say that time heals all wounds, but that simply is not true. People can become more bitter, arrogant and spiteful with age.
Steven Curtis Chapman|For too long, our society has shrugged off bullying by labeling it a 'rite of passage' and by asking students to simply 'get over it.' Those attitudes need to change. Every day, students are bullied into silence and are afraid to speak up. Let's break this silence and end school bullying.
Sharon Weil, ChangeAbility: How Artists, Activists, and Awakeners Navigate Change|Information can compel us to want to take action, but information, by itself, is often not enough to motivate action or change.
Pierre-Simon Laplace|We ought to regard the present state of the universe as the effect of its antecedent state and as the cause of the state that is to follow. An intelligence knowing all the forces acting in nature at a given instant, as well as the momentary positions of all things in the universe, would be able to comprehend in one single formula the motions of the largest bodies as well as the lightest atoms in the world, provided that its intellect were sufficiently powerful to subject all data to analysis; to it nothing would be uncertain, the future as well as the past would be present to its eyes. The perfection that the human mind has been able to give to astronomy affords but a feeble outline of such an intelligence.
Judith Lewis Herman, Trauma and Recovery: The Aftermath of Violence - From Domestic Abuse to Political Terror|Some people's lives seem to flow in a narrative; mine had many stops and starts. That's what trauma does. It interrupts the plot. You can't process it because it doesn't fit with what came before or what comes afterward. A friend of mine, a soldier, put it this way. In most of our lives, most of the time, you have a sense of what is to come. There is a steady narrative, a feeling of "lights, camera, action" when big events are imminent. But trauma isn't like that. It just happens, and then life goes on. No one prepares you for it.
Benjamin Franklin|Scientific studies and government records suggest that virtually all (upwards of 95 percent of) chickens become infected with E. coli (an indicator of fecal contamination) and between 39 and 75 percent of chickens in retail stores are still infected. Around 8 percent of birds become infected with salmonella (down from several years ago, when at least one in four birds was infected, which still occurs on some farms). Seventy to 90 percent are infected with another potentially deadly pathogen, campylobacter. Chlorine baths are commonly used to remove slime, odor, and bacteria.Of course, consumers might notice that their chickens don't taste quite right - how good could a drug-stuffed, disease-ridden, shit-contaminated animal possibly taste? - but the birds will be injected (or otherwise pumped up) with "broths" and salty solutions to give them what we have come to think of as the chicken look, smell, and taste. (A recent study by Consumer Reports found that chicken and turkey products, many labeled as natural, "ballooned with 10 to 30 percent of their weight as broth, flavoring, or water.
Harvey Fierstein|I think if you just eat healthy, you're active, and you don't beat yourself up, you're setting yourself up to win rather than setting yourself up for failure.
Jennifer Sky|As Americans, we have traditionally been the optimists sporting the 'can-do' attitude. But when it comes to addressing climate adaptation and resiliency, we seem to be more 'can't do' than 'can-do.'
David M. Buss, Evolutionary Psychology: The New Science of the Mind, Fifth Edition|In a fascinating study, Barrett (1999) demonstrated that children as young as threeyears of age have a sophisticated cognitive understanding of predator-prey encounters. Children from both an industrialized culture and a traditional hunter-horticulturalist culture wereable to spontaneously describe the flow of events in a predator-prey encounter in an ecologically accurate way. Moreover, they understood that after a lion kills a prey, the prey is no longer alive, can no longer eat, and can no longer run and that the dead state is permanent.This sophisticated understanding of death from encounters with predators appears to be developed by age three to four.
D. Simone|For Every Child We Teach To Cherish Learning, A Universe Is Born.
Jason Chaffetz|A friend who dies, it's something of you who dies.
Julie Kagawa, The Iron Queen|You are my heart, my life, my entire existence." -Ash
J.V. Jones, The Book of Words|He was dirty, his hair unkempt, his clothes stained with blood. Heroes in stories somehow managed to rescue maidens while looking like court dandies. Next time he went adventuring he'd remember to bring a comb.
Arthur C. Clarke|There's no real objection to escapism, in the right places... We all want to escape occasionally. But science fiction is often very far from escapism, in fact you might say that science fiction is escape into reality... It's a fiction which does concern itself with real issues: the origin of man; our future. In fact I can't think of any form of literature which is more concerned with real issues, reality.
AribaZafar|True happiness can only be found when you stop worrying about yourself and try to look out for those around you.Helping people can give your life meaning and joy. Don't expect anything in return spread happiness and get peace, there is nothing more valuable than peace..
Diana Gabaldon, Outlander|The capital-T Truth is about life BEFORE death.It is about the real value of a real education, which has almost nothing to do with knowledge, and everything to do with simple awareness; awareness of what is so real and essential, so hidden in plain sight all around us, all the time, that we have to keep reminding ourselves over and over:"This is water.""This is water."It is unimaginably hard to do this, to stay conscious and alive in the adult world day in and day out.
|You can never deceive or manipulate the future. Whatever it is you contribute towards it, is exactly what it will compensate you for.
Lisa Kleypas, Married By Morning|Don't do that again! Not ever again!" I told him."I should say the same to you," he said. I could feel his breath, warm on my neck. "Promise me!" I demanded."I... I promise.""I can't lose you.
T. B. Joshua|Asking in faith requires honesty, effort, commitment, and persistence.
Taite Adams, E-Go: Ego Distancing Through Mindfulness, Emotional Intelligence, and the Language of Love|Ego doesn't want us to be loving, forgiving and kind to each other or even to ourselves.
Dee Williams|It is not what you say, but how you say, that's important. 99% Fat Free product seems more healthy than a product with 1% Fat.
Yann Martel, Beatrice and Virgil|Just as music is noise that makes sense, a painting is color that makes sense, so a story is life that makes sense.
Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility|Enough regret can crush any man, living or dead.
Gregory Maguire, Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West|But she woke up just then, and in the moonlight covered herself with a blanket. She smiled at him drowsily and called him "Yero, my hero," and that melted his heart.
Geetanjali Mukherjee, Anyone Can Get An A+: How To Beat Procrastination, Reduce Stress and Improve Your Grades|Success is shown to us as a straight line, heading in one direction, up. There are no detours, no turn-arounds, no missteps allowed. ... When you aren’t allowed to fail, either due to the expectations of others or yourself, although it may seem like you are being pragmatic and focusing on how to succeed, you are actually making it that much harder for yourself.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Wherever I travel to, I encounter great souls.
Daft Punk|Work It Harder Make It BetterDo It Faster, Makes Us strongerMore Than Ever Hour AfterOur Work Is Never Over-Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger, lyrics and music by Daft Punk
Alfred Nobel|In fact, for all kinds of offenses - and, for no offenses - from murders to misdemeanors, men and women are put to death without judge or jury; so that, although the political excuse was no longer necessary, the wholesale murder of human beings went on just the same.
Greg Pruett, Extreme Prayer: The Impossible Prayers God Promises to Answer|I learned not to pray about my strategies, but to make prayer the strategy.
Jacqueline Francis - The Journal|He cupped her chin to still the movement. "Please, Ricky." he clutched her hand tighter to his chest. "Please... I'm not going anywhere." He leaned closer until his lips were mere millimetres from hers. "I promise.
Pope Benedict XVI|Marriage has made me a lot happier and I'm deeply in love with my wife, and I thank God for her every day.
Lydor Brunice|The value of someone is not determined by titles, positions and sects, but by the impact and the major contributions he/she makes in the society by digging a hole in the universe to build a foundation for the next generation that is coming.
Rudy Francisco|Instead of asking why they left,now I ask,what beauty will I createin the space the no longeroccupy?
Sadhguru, Of Mystics & Mistakes|Without knowing the essential nature of this (referring to the self), we are trying to make a life outside. That is the biggest mistake humanity has made. The first and foremost thing you must know is this (referring to the selfx). Then you can handle the external like a play, without any effort.
S.R. Crawford, From My Suffering: 25 Ways to Break the Chains of Anxiety, Depression & Stress|For me to simply tell you to find your life’s purpose, would only worsen your anxiety, not make it better. But that’s not what I want you to do. I simply want you to realise that there is something to be found. That your calling is still out there, and that’s why you might be unhappy.
Matt Ridley, Genome: the Autobiography of a Species in 23 Chapters|Everyone knows that a quick-fix usually doesn’t work, yet we have all been sold on the idea time and time again. Most of us would like to believe in miracle drugs and fast relief. The truth is that most of the quick fixes for stress focus on temporary relief from tension or pain. Temporary, as in, the problem will return with a vengeance. This doesn’t mean we should never take drugs to alleviate tension or pain, it just means that taking drugs is not a viable permanent solution; it’s just a temporary relief.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Everyone makes mistakes, Jenna. Everyone has regrets and guilt for things they should have done differently in their lives. Shit happens, and we do the best we can at the time. You can't blame yourself forever.
Gunter Grass|People discuss my art and pretend to understand as if it were necessary to understand, when it's simply necessary to love.
Byron Katie|My life is fairly normal. I didn't wake up one morning and find out that I'm suddenly a star, with people clamoring at me. I feel like I'm moving up the ladder just a little, which is fine.
Greg M. Epstein, Good Without God: What a Billion Nonreligious People Do Believe|We've also evolved the ability to simply 'pay it forward': I help you, somebody else will help me. I remember hearing a parable when I was younger, about a father who lifts his young son onto his back to carry him across a flooding river. 'When I am older,' said the boy to his father, 'I will carry you across this river as you now do for me.' 'No, you won't,' said the father stoically. 'When you are older you will have your own concerns. All I expect is that one day you will carry your own son across this river as I no do for you.' Cultivating this attitude is an important part of Humanism--to realize that life without God can be much more than a series of strict tit-for-tat transactions where you pay me and I pay you back. Learning to pay it forward can add a tremendous sense of meaning and dignity to our lives. Simply put, it feels good to give to others, whether we get back or not.
Lora Leigh, Wild Card|You don't stop loving someone just because they hurt you" he said. "It would certainly make things easier if you did.
Brooke Burke|German accents and Hassidic accents aren't that romantic. They're more harsh. Although Hebrew, when spoken by certain people, sounds beautiful. There's this beautiful woman I know who speaks Hebrew, and when she speaks, it's so attractive. Maybe it's who's speaking it.
Elbert Hubbard|After all manner of professors have done their best for us, the place we are to get knowledge is in books. The true university of these days is a collection of books.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Ten greatest gifts; love, joy, peace, patience, long-suffering, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness and self-control.
Pawan Mishra, Coinman: An Untold Conspiracy|A man wants too many things before marriage, but only peace after it.
Sergei Lukyanenko, Day Watch|You're a Dark One," said Anton. "All you see in everything is evil, treachery, trickery.""All I do is not close my eyes to them," Edgar retorted. "And that's why I don't trust Zabulon. I distrust him almost as much as I do Gesar. I can even trust you more—you're just another unfortunate chess piece who happens by chance to be painted a different color from me. Does a white pawn hate a black one? No. Especially if the two pawns have their heads down together over a quiet beer or two.""You know," Anton said in a slightly surprised voice, "I just don't understand how you can carry on living if you see the world like that. I'd just go and hang myself.""So you don't have any counterarguments to offer?"Anton took a gulp of beer too. The wonderful thing about this natural Czech beer was that even if you drank lots of it, it still didn't make your head or your body feel heavy... Or was that an illusion?"Not a single one," Anton admitted. "Right now, this very moment, not a single one. But I'm sure you're wrong. It's just difficult to argue about the colors of the rainbow with a blind man. There's something missing in you... I don't know what exactly. But it's something very important, and without it you're more helpless than a blind man.
Topsy Gift|When there is life and you are not working towards your hope, then that hope will produce no result
Yochai Benkler|It is not according to my mode of doing things, to bring a suit against a man that I have the power in my own hands to punish.
Philip K. Dick, Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?|but as he plodded along a vague and almost hallucinatory pall hazed over his mind; he found himself at one point, with no notion of how it could be, a step from an almost certain fatal cliffside fall—falling humiliatingly and helplessly, he thought; on and on, with no one even to witness it. Here there existed no one to record his or anyone else's degradation, and any courage or pride which might manifest itself here at the end would go unmarked: the dead stones, the dust-stricken weeds dry and dying, perceived nothing, recollected nothing, about him or themselves.
Simon Sinek|What's so amazing in today's society is people look up to football players. And as a football player, you have a platform. And it's so much more important than any touchdown or trophy or anything you could win with football. Its taking that platform and be able to influence people.
Janet Fitch, White Oleander|There would remain no sign of you ever having played in this house. Your childhood is going to be swept under a camel-skin rug and elevators are going to be built over the lake we once swam in. This address, as we know it, would be lost forever and we’ll wake up in a box-sized room: cramped, trampled and sensationally unhappy.'('Left from Dhakeshwari')
Patricia Ryan, Heaven's Fire|Beautiful heart always thanks, appriciate and forgive people and enchance life.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|None of this is your fault,' I told him. 'None of it. You aren't responsible for what other people do, good or bad. Everyone is just making the choices they think will help them get by.
Joan Kilby, Mad About You|Her brain said, he’s like a brother to you. Her body rejected that notion absolutely. Her heart was confused as hell.
Louise Glück, Averno|Before you either turn away in disgust or wink knowingly at one another, you should know that the artist insists that this is a picture about love. Filial love. The old man has been condemned by the Roman senate to die of hunger, and his daughter has come to his prison cell and offered her breast to feed him. This has nothing to do with with the decorous love or amorous passions one is more accustomed to seeing in a painting. It is raw and wretched and demeaning. In the end, we are physical bodies and every abstract notion about love sinks beneath this fact.
Tracy Brogan, Love Me Sweet|It's nice to see you. Aimee calls you Bigfoot, by the way."	"Bigfoot?"	"Yeah, you know, like a mythical creature that people say they've seen in the wild but no one knows for sure if it's real. That's you...
Deb Caletti, The Secret Life of Prince Charming|Marriage is like a well-built porch. If one of the two posts leans too much, the porch collapses. So each must be strong enough to stand on its own.
Chris Tomlin, And If Our God Is for Us...|And If our God is for us, then who could ever stop us, and if our God is with us, then what can stand against?
Alessia Cara|I'm a very outgoing person. I'm always happy, I'm one of those people who are always smiling. If somebody described me to somebody else, they'd say the kid with the curly hair with the big smile on his face. I get along with everybody.
Harold S. Kushner, When Bad Things Happen to Good People|We can see that for the deep work to continue, trying to prove one's worth to the chorus of jealous hags is pointless.
Bernard Cornwell, Warriors of the Storm|We need to remember that our fight is spiritual. Our battle is a fight of faith, will, long suffering, and persistence.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Green Gables|I've done my best, and I begin to understand what is meant by 'the joy of strife'. Next to trying and winning, the best thing is trying and failing.
Beven pearlju|We see only half , yet speak like we know the other .
Peter Selgin, 179 Ways to Save a Novel: Matters of Vital Concern to Fiction Writers|I usually get the title for a book first, and I type it up immediately. I sit there and look at it and admire it, and I think to myself, I just need four thousand sentences to go with this and I'l have a book. It is such a pleasurable moment that I type many more title pages than I could ever use.
André Aciman, Call Me by Your Name|Are you really a Texan? I mean, really? Riley, if I have a headache,I'd put bacon around an aspirin before I take it.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Book of Wisdom|There are friendships that are greater than family bonds, but they are very rare
Wodke Hawkinson, Betrayed: Alternate Ending|Some part of me believed, unassailably, and wordlessly and perhaps with a flick of justice, that they had sent me away because they were afraid of me. Like some monstrously deformed child who should never have lived beyond infancy, or a conjoined twin whose other half died under the knife, I had- simply by surviving-become a freak of nature.
Victoria Moran, Younger by the Day: 365 Ways to Rejuvenate Your Body and Revitalize Your Spirit|Then she lay on her back and gazed at the cloudless sky. Mr. Beebe, whose opinion of her rose daily, whispered to his niece that that was the proper way to behave if any little thing went wrong.
Terry Pratchett, I Shall Wear Midnight|It's witchcraft with all the crusts cut off, and real witchcraft is ALL crusts.
Mike Snelle|Our culture treats people with depression is as if there is something wrong with them; a biological imbalance best treated with medication. But if it’s impossible to understand biology outside the context of environment, and there is a frightening increase in male suicide and depression, perhaps we need to take a closer look at the other variable - our environment.
Ron Suskind, The Way of the World: A Story of Truth and Hope in an Age of Extremism|Life-shaping institutions tend to start with an idea or revelation. They often become mostly about the preservation and expansion of authority, something they relinquish only with the greatest reluctance.
Stefan Molyneux|Lord, the money we do spend on Government and it's not one bit better than the government we got for one-third the money twenty years ago.
Emily Andrews, The Finer Points of Becoming Machine|Here’s the truth: I am the female version of a heartbreaker. The one that everyone says is too dedicated to ballet, too self-involved to ever care about anyone else besides herself. I’m the rebel. The bad twin. I am Tally—the loner, the party of one. The love and leave ‘em prototype. Heartless. That is me. I have no time for romance, flowers, or relationships. I like one-night stands with plenty of sex and no promises of a future. I like the lies I tell. I’m comfortable in telling them…most of the time. This is me.
Kimberly Giles, Choosing Clarity: The Path to Fearlessness|The most significant way you can edify another person is to see them accurately as the same as you, listen to them, and honor their right to their own thoughts and feelings.
Aviva Moore|If everyone listened to me, the world would be a better place.
Mary Balogh, Seducing an Angel|Except that love - that mysterious, vast, all-encompassing power - could not possibly be contained in a single word.
Osho, Everyday Osho: 365 Daily Meditations for the Here and Now|Sadness gives depth. Happiness gives height. Sadness gives roots. Happiness gives branches. Happiness is like a tree going into the sky, and sadness is like the roots going down into the womb of the earth. Both are needed, and the higher a tree goes, the deeper it goes, simultaneously. The bigger the tree, the bigger will be its roots. In fact, it is always in proportion. That's its balance.
Anita Shreve, The Stars Are Fire|When you start exercising choices, as against embracing opportunities, you become your own God, leaving precious little in the hands of Almighty!
Ocean|Good, as it ripens, becomes continually more different not only from evil but from other good.
Michelle Hodkin, The Unbecoming of Mara Dyer|I pointed to a low bowl filled with what purported to be stew, but then Noah said, “Are you goingto point, or are you going to eat?”“I just like to know what I’m putting in my mouth before I swallow.”Noah arched an eyebrow, and I wanted to crawl into a hole and die.
Charles Dickens, Bleak House|Greatness demands that I understand that I am not nearly as big as I thought myself to be, but that I am capable of becoming far bigger than I ever imagined myself to be.
Chris Hodges, Fresh Air: Trading Stale Spiritual Obligation for a Life-Altering, Energizing, Experience-It-Everyday Relationship with God|Just because we are capable of art didn't what lay in front of him could be dismissed as aberration, that we could take what we admired and fence that off as human, dismissing the rest as monstrous. The same hands committed both. Brains don't undermine the savagery. They made us better at it.
Simon Van Booy, The Illusion of Separateness|Listen: you are not yourself, you are crowds of others, you are as leaky a vessel as was ever made, you have spent vast amounts of your life as someone else, as people who died long ago, as people who never lived, as strangers you never met.
Megan Chance, The Web|Jesus Is The Resurrection, therefore, Resurrection Is Not A Thing Or An Event, RESURRECTION Is A PERSONALITY".
Jane Yolen|With the manipulation of abstract symbols, an artist can send you information without sound, change your feelings and,sometimes, even beliefs. Artists convey the unspeakable. Artists inspire.
Stella Gibbons, Cold Comfort Farm|You will know you are in love when it doesn't matter if you sit in heaven or hell with that special someone just as long as they can make you laugh, while you put out the fires.
Gustave Flaubert, Bouvard and Pecuchet|In the end idealism annoyed Bouvard. ‘I don’t want any more of it: the famous cogito is a bore. The ideas of things are taken for the things themselves. What we barely understand is explained by means of words that we do not understand at all! Substance, extension, force, matter and soul, are all so many abstractions, figments of the imagination. As for God, it is impossible to know how he is, or even if he is! Once he was the cause of wind, thunder, revolutions. Now he is getting smaller. Besides, I don’t see what use he is.
Craig Froman, An Owl on the Moon: A Journal from the Edge of Darkness|Unstrained, I sit and gaze, glare, survey, starethrough barred windows encased in embroidered steel. Pearly frosted dust obstructs the channels of light, leaving only small pillars of fire, arranged in disordered fragments. The antiquated sallow walls are stained with crimson braids that wreathe and scuttle about the rimes and rifts.
Alija Izetbegović|Marxism rejected the family and the state, but in practice it kept these institutions. Every pure religion disapproved of man's worrying about this world, but as the ideology of living people, it accepted the struggle for social justice and a better world. Marxism has had to accept some degree of individual freedom and religion some use of force. It is obvious in real life that man cannot live according to a consistent philosophy.
Arin Murphy-Hiscock|It always bothers me when I hear Rwanda's genocide described as a product of "ancient tribal hatreds." I think this is an easy way for Westerners to dismiss the whole thing as a regrettable but pointless bloodbath that happens to primitive brown people.
Willie Nelson|Thank you for life, and all the little ups and downs that make it worth living.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Oh yeah, "God is great!" Well, why an't you, mate?
Lavie Tidhar, The Bookman|Destiny is like a book. It needs manufacturing, the pulp process, the glue fixed tightly--and it requires a binding, to hold it together, lest it fall apart.
George Mason|Transcendental meditation is an ancient mental technique that allows any human being to dive within, transcend and experience the source of everything. It's such a blessing for the human being because that eternal field is a field of unbounded intelligence, creativity, happiness, love, energy and peace.
Haruni Machumu, The Growing Impetus of Community Secondary Schools in Tanzania: Quality concern is debatable|Wisdom is the inner form of man, and rarely are adjusted out
Neal Stephenson, Snow Crash|the book is intended to show how it is possible to live in and be enlarged by loss, even as we continue to experience it.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett, Fighting To Become Champions|We all fight for money, some for power, but most of all for love. But me, I fight to become a champion.
Olivier Magny, Into Wine: An Invitation to Pleasure|For at the end of the day, what matters is never the wine, it's always the moment; it's always the people.
Gerald Freeman, Kill Daddy|You can travel the world but If you cannot let go of the past, you will never move on.
Sunday Adelaja|It is not money that is been jeopardized on daily basis, it is actually 86,400 seconds of your life. You are given that amount of life every day in time not in money.
Nicole Krauss, The History of Love|Maybe the first time you saw her you were ten. She was standing in the sun scratching her legs. Or tracing letters in the dirt with a stick. Her hair was being pulled. Or she was pulling someone's hair. And a part of you was drawn to her, and a part of you resisted--wanting to ride off on your bicycle, kick a stone, remain uncomplicated. In the same breath you felt the strength of a man, and a self-pity that made you feel small and hurt. Part of you thought: Please don't look at me. If you don't, I can still turn away. And part of you thought: Look at me.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Woman Who Walked in Sunshine|She was proud of her build, which was in accordance with the old Botswana ideas of beauty, and she would not pander to the modern idea of slenderness. That was an importation from elsewhere, and it was simply wrong. How could a very thin woman do all the things that women needed to do: to carry children on their backs, to pound maize into flour out at the lands or the cattle post, to cart around the things of the household—the pots and pans and buckets of water? And how could a thin woman comfort a man? It would be very awkward for a man to share his bed with a person who was all angles and bone, whereas a traditionally built lady would be like an extra pillow on which a man coming home tired from his work might rest his weary head. To do all that you needed a bit of bulk, and thin people simply did not have that.
Robin Wright|I love reading poetry, and yet, at this point, the thought of writing a poem, to me, is tantamount to figuring out a trigonometry question.
Robert Henri, The Art Spirit: Notes, Articles, Fragments of Letters and Talks to Students, Bearing on the Concept and Technique of Picture Making, the Study of Art|This western-front business couldn’t be done again, not for a long time. The young men think they could do it but they couldn’t. They could fight the first Marne again but not this. This took religion and years of plenty and tremendous sureties and the exact relation that existed between the classes. The Russians and Italians weren’t any good on this front. You had to have a whole-souled sentimental equipment going back further than you could remember. You had to remember Christmas, and postcards of the Crown Prince and his fiancée, and little cafés in Valence and beer gardens in Unter den Linden and weddings at the mairie, and going to the Derby, and your grandfather’s whiskers.
Edie Falco|As straight Americans we have two choices: we can choose to sit back and enjoy our rights as we have them, or we can realize that it is actually not freedom at all when our friends, family, neighbors, and colleagues do not share these basic rights.
Victor Hugo|From Les Miserables:All at once, in the midst of this profound calm, a fresh sound arose; a sound as celestial, divine, ineffable, ravishing, as the other had been horrible. It was a hymn which issued from the gloom, a dazzling burst of prayer and harmony in the obscure and alarming silence of the night; women's voices, but voices composed at one and the same time of the pure accents of virgins and the innocent accent of children, -- voices which are not of the earth, and which resemble those that the newborn infant still hears, and which the dying man hears already. This song proceeded from the gloomy edifice which towered above the garden. At the moment when the hubbub of demons retreated, one would have said that a choir of angels was approaching through the gloom.Cosette and Jean Valjean fell on their knees.They knew not what it was, they knew not where they were; but both of them, the man and the child, the penitent and the innocent, felt that they must kneel.These voices had this strange characteristic, that they did not prevent the building from seeming to be deserted. It was a supernatural chant in an uninhabited house. While these voices were singing, Jean Valjean thought of nothing. He no longer beheld the night; he beheld a blue sky. It seemed to him that he felt those wings which we all have within us, unfolding.The song died away. It may have lasted a long time. Jean Valjean could not have told. Hours of ecstasy are never more than a moment.
W.H. Auden|Drama is based on the Mistake. I think someone is my friend when he really is my enemy, that I am free to marry a woman when in fact she is my mother, that this person is a chambermaid when it is a young nobleman in disguise, that this well-dressed young man is rich when he is really a penniless adventurer, or that if I do this such and such a result will follow when in fact it results in something very different. All good drama has two movements, first the making of the mistake, then the discovery that it was a mistake.
Sarah J. Maas, Throne of Glass|I'm not married,” he said softly, “because I can't stomach the idea of marrying a woman inferior to me in mind and spirit. It would mean the death of my soul.
Leland Lewis, Angel Stories. Angelic Tales of the Universe. Tales 1 through 6.|...“living in oneness with Buddha’s teaching, is a creative life in which everything becomes meaningful.
Jed Diamond, Stress Relief for Men: How to Use the Revolutionary Tools of Energy Healing to Live Well|Anxiety is a state of apprehension, uncertainty, and fear resulting from the anticipation of a realistic or fantasized threatening event or situation. Often, men will appear confident and self-assured to others but actually be living with a great deal of worry and fear.
Morrissey|Now this might disturb you, but I find I'm OK by myself;and I don't need you or your benevolence to make sense.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Independence is the recognition of the fact that yours is the responsibility of judgment and nothing can help you escape it—that no substitute can do your thinking—that the vilest form of self-abasement and self-destruction is the subordination of your mind to the mind of another, the acceptance of an authority over your brain, the acceptance of his assertions as facts, his say-so as truth, his edicts as middle-man between your consciousness and your existence.
Uzo Aduba|I like to build a character, trying to stretch my imagination as far to the walls of my brain as I can to come up with something that feels truthful and feels real - as close to the skin as I can get it.
Kris Radish, Annie Freeman's Fabulous Traveling Funeral|Family does not mean people with the same last name or the same DNA. It means people who care about you, who you trust, who you care about--people you can count on.
|If success is yet to become a reality in your life, you haven't exhausted your willpower.
Sheralyn Pratt, The Kiss That Launched 1,000 Gifs|Suddenly, and for the first time, he was at the center of his own life, living it and loving it.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|Is there anything courageous or brave about making the only possible choice that will save your life? When you're drowning, you grab any hand that's offered. To me, bravery is a spontaneous decision to save somebody else's life when your own is in danger.
Richie Norton|If everyone waited to become an expert before starting, no one would become an expert. To become an EXPERT, you must have EXPERIENCE. To get EXPERIENCE, you must EXPERIMENT! Stop waiting. Start stuff.
Erik Erikson|There's something unique about the United States, a sense of individual rights and freedoms, and a sense of social and civic responsibility that we contributed to so much of the world. We lost that mission in the 1980s and 1990s, when we entered a gilded age, and the culture of individualism became a culture of avarice.
Christopher Morley|The world has been printing books for 450 years, and yet gunpowder still has a wider circulation. Never mind! Printer's ink is the greater explosive: it will win.
Jodi Picoult, Nineteen Minutes|I don't know what you think of me. And you certainly would never picture us together. But probably peanut butter was just peanut butter for a long time, before someone ever thought of pairing it with jelly. And there was salt, but it started to taste better when there was pepper. And what's the point of butter without bread? (Why are all these examples of FOODS?!!?!?!?!?!?!) Anyway by myself I'm nothing special. But with you I could be.
Rick Yancey, Rags & Bones: New Twists on Timeless Tales|Maybe I'll have a tumour like his someday. At first it will be a small but growing sphere that will branch out, growing larger in my stomach like a fetus. I will probably feel it when it starts to take motion, moving inward with the fury of a sleepwalking child, traveling through my intestines blindly -
Lauren Blakely, Caught Up in Us|I don’t believe in signs. I believe in words, and action, and doing. And what you’re doing is sitting and waiting and that is one hundred percent unacceptable.
Elizabeth Bear, Range of Ghosts|If you could disagree with kings, were gods so far above?
Rick Bragg, All Over But the Shoutin'|I know I grew up in the time when a young man in a baggy suit and slicked-down hair stood spraddle-legged in the crossroads of history and talked hot and mean about the colored, giving my poor and desperate people a reason to feel superior to somebody, to anybody. I know that even as the words of George Wallace rang through my Alabama, the black family who lived down the dirt road from our house sent fresh-picked corn and other food to the poor white lady and her three sons, because they knew their daddy had run off, because hungry does not have a color.
Chloe Rattray, Sacré Noir|People aren’t always what you want them to be. Sometimes they disappoint you or let you down, but you have to give them a chance first. You can’t just meet someone and expect them to be everything you’re looking for and then be angry when they’re not every hope and aspiration you projected onto them. It’s foolish to believe that someone will be what you imagine them to be. And sometimes, when you give them a chance, they turn out to be better than you imagined. Different, but better.
Tom Holland, Rubicon: The Last Years of the Roman Republic|Achievement was worthy of praise and honor, but excessive achievement was pernicious and a threat to the state. However great a citizen might become, however great he might wish to become, the truest greatness of all still belonged to the Roman Republic itself
Salman Rushdie|A book is a version of the world. If you do not like it, ignore it; or offer your own version in return.
Rita Ora|Art resides in the quality of doing, process is not magic.
Lauren Bird Horowitz, Shattered Blue|It is not always Like this,it is much more worse,Though,today seems endless,Still it Passes .
Stephanie Witter, Patch Up|If it's to be, it's up to me.to which I add;If not now...then when?
Cynthia Dougherty-Bernal|Embrace your inner goddess, never let go of the light you carry within.
Drea Damara, Chasing Vengeance|She better be capable of achieving something of the greatness that a cure for cancer would give the world or as damned good of an assassin as he was. If she possessed none of that, she should at least be the kind of woman with both a personality and face that could make any man question his better judgment. There weren’t enough of those in the world, at least not in the world he knew.
Timothy J. Keller, The Meaning of Marriage: Facing the Complexities of Commitment with the Wisdom of God|This principle - that your spouse should be capable of becoming your best friend - is a game changer when you address the question of compatibility in a prospective spouse. If you think of marriage largely in terms of erotic love, then compatibility means sexual chemistry and appeal. If you think of marriage largely as a way to move into the kind of social status in life you desire, then compatibility means being part of the desired social class, and perhaps common tastes and aspirations for lifestyle. The problem with these factors is that they are not durable. Physical attractiveness will wane, no matter how hard you work to delay its departure. And socio-economic status unfortunately can change almost overnight. When people think they have found compatibility based on these things, they often make the painful discovery that they have built their relationship on unstable ground. A woman 'lets herself go' or a man loses his job, and the compatibility foundation falls apart.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|So the way to control your life is this; every minute you live, maybe you are in church; ask yourself “why am I here? What product am I producing by being here?” I know most Christians just go to church like dummies.
Zain Baloch|When in spotlight, you get attention of even those you don't know; When you are in darkness, you lose your own shadow too
Matshona Dhliwayo|Lust promises you the world, and disappoints. Love promises you the universe, and delivers.
T. Berry Brazelton|In the best of all possible worlds, February 14 is a pleasant and sentimental opportunity to lavish your partner with attention or move your relationship to the next level.
Tim Maudlin|Theism, as religious people typically hold it, does not merely state that some entity created the universe, but that the universe was created specifically with humans in mind as the most important part of creation. If we have any understanding at all of how an intelligent agent capable of creating the material universe would act if it had such an intention, we would say it would not create the huge structure we see, most of it completely irrelevant for life on Earth, with the Earth in such a seemingly random location, and with humans appearing only after a long and rather random course of evolution.
Naima Simone, The Millionaire Makeover|Guurl. Tell me. Do you keep your hair this long for religious reasons? Like, will you lose your strength if you cut it?--Terry, a member of the glam squad, to Khloe Richardson
Elizabeth Bourgeret|Love is not really a mystery. It is a process like anything else. A process that requires trust, effort, focus and commitment by two willing partners
Confucius|Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.
David Anthony Durham, Acacia: The War with the Mein|When she spread her wings and leaped screeching into the air she had not the slightest doubt that every hand below her would stretch to catch her. And if one could leap from a height with no fear of falling, could one not be said to possess the secret of flight? Just like a bird, just like a god.
Philip Roth, The Ghost Writer|I want to say a word to the Brahmins: In the name of God, religion, sastras you have duped us. We were the ruling people. Stop this life of cheating us from this year. Give room for rationalism and humanism.
Christie Brinkley|As I'm traveling around, I meet many small children. And when I look at a small and think how we've harmed this beautiful planet since I was that age, I feel a kind of desperation, anger, shame. I don't know what I feel; I just don't know what the emotion is.
Ivanka Trump|The characteristic human trait is not awareness but conformity, and the characteristic result is religious warfare. Other animals fight for territory or food; but, uniquely in the animal kingdom, human beings fight for their 'beliefs.'
Alicia Kobishop, The Fine Line|Goldilocks in the flesh. He zoned out for a second, lost in the smooth texture of her skin, so he had zero time to react when the bikini top flying through the air hit him in the chest....She contemplated the ground for a second. "I'd like my top back, please.""I don't know," he teased. "It could be construed as a deadly weapon.
Prathima Bhandary|The function of hate, as Sarai saw it, was to stamp out compassion—to close a door in one's own self and forget it was ever there. If you had hate, then you could see suffering—and cause it—and feel nothing except perhaps a sordid vindication.
Amanda M. Lyons|I knew the end would come, one day. I knew my life deserved to be over. Yet, even knowing that, I was no less fearful.
Alice Sebold|As soon as I began, it seemed impossible to write fast enough - I wrote faster than I would write a letter - two thousand to three thousand words in a morning, and I cannot help it.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|My soul, I’ve found, has puppet strings to make me droop or give me wings.And music is the puppeteerthat turns my ear to hear.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading|With adolescent Nietzscheanism, she already planned to escape on the world's reversals from the sense of suffocation that seemed to her to be eclipsing her family, her sisters, and mother. She, she told herself, would move brightly along high places and stop to trespass and admire, and if the fine was a heavy one—well, there was no good in saving up beforehand to pay it. Full of these presumptuous resolves, she promised herself that if, in the future, her soul should come starving and crying for bread it should eat the stone she might have to offer without complaint or remorse. Relentlessly she convinced herself that the only thing of any significance was to take what she wanted when she could. She did her best.
Alan Lee|When I started to draw, most of my influences were from other painters and illustrators, so I was drawing landscape at second hand, really. The trees were Rackham trees, or trees that I had seen in paintings rather than from my own observation...and I started to feel this was a real lack in my work. Everything was too generalised, and not based on real experience. Then in 1975, after having worked for some years in London as a book cover illustrator mainly, I came down to Devon and stayed with some friends up on the moor. In the course of this one weekend, wandering around the moor, finding rivers and ancient woods, I realised that everything that I would ever want to draw was actually here. There was so much richness in the texture and forms of these fantastic trees...and I decided in the course of that weekend to come and live here. I looked at a couple of houses, found one, and made an offer on it, all in that one weekend!
Philippe Ariès, Western Attitudes toward Death: From the Middle Ages to the Present|We all emerge into this material soup, mix about with the meat and potatoes of life, and then slip away, back to the primordial germination whence we came. Nascence is a strange business: we forget what we were doing only to come forth and continually forget what we were doing perpetually over the course of a lifetime, until it is time to quit this plane through some unseen and ethereal vomitorium, and presumably forget that we had forgotten all over again.
Kristen Painter, The Professor Woos The Witch|Merik swiveled his wrists slowly. At night, the temple was too dark to see the blood dripping from his arms, pooling on the granite flagstones. He felt it falling, though. Just as he felt the new, burned flesh on his hands stretching beneath torn gloves.Yet even as pain shivered through his body, he couldn’t help but think: Only a fool ignores Noden’s gifts. For if Merik looked at this case of mistaken identity from the just the right angle, it could in fact all be seen as boon.The assassin in the night. The fire on the Jana. The attack of a Waterwitch in Pin’s Keep. Each event had led Merik here, to Noden’s temple. To a fresco of the god’s left hand.To the Fury.Twice now, he’d been mistaken for that monstrous demigod, and twice now, it had worked in Merik’s favor. So why not continue using the fear invoked from that name? Was Merik not doing the Fury’s work by bringing justice to the wronged and punishment to the wicked? It was clear that Nubrevnans needed Merik’s help, and his sister Vivia…Well, she was stil out there. Alive. Wretched.So was it not Merik’s moral duty to keep her off the throne? And he could do that if he could just prove she had indeed tried to kill him—that it was she who’d purchased that prisoner from Vizer Linday, and she who’d sent the prisoner to kill Merik.Yes. This was right. This was Noden’s will. It throbbed in Merik’s wounds. It shivered across his scalp and down his raw back.Take the god’s gift. Become the Fury.Merik rose, stiff but strong, from the temple floor, and with a new purpose in his movements, he tugged his hood, his sleeves, his gloves into place. Then he turned away from the Fury’s gruesome fresco and set out to bring justice to the wronged.Punishment to the wicked.
Darren Aronofsky|We were a family that made our Halloween costumes. Or, more accurately, my mother made them. She took no suggestions or advice. Halloween costumes were her territory. She was the brain behind my brother's winning girl costume, stuffing her own bra with newspapers for him to wear under a cashmere sweater and smearing red lipstick on his lips.
Martin Luther|Our tears are precious, necessary, and part of what make us such endearing creatures.
Joseph M. Chiron, Tagged: The Apocalypse|How would you rather die?" she snapped. "Hiding under your bed or riding Thunder Mountain?
Brandon Mull, Secrets of the Dragon Sanctuary|Are you all right?” he asked Olivia. His heart was still racing with terror that she’d been hurt. “I heard a woman scream.”“Ah, that would have been me,” Sebastian said.Harry looked down on his cousin, face frozen in disbelief. “You made that noise?”“It hurt,” Sebastian bit off.Harry fought not to laugh. “You scream like a leettle girl.
|Life will always be full of great possibilities, as long as one approaches it with a mind that deeply believes in an endless journey of success and happiness.
Jennifer Kacey, No Place Like Home|He licked her shoulder and pulled her closer, into the shelter of his body. “No worries, nysr. I’ll watch over you while you sleep. And I’m not going anywhere. Not ever.
Conrad Black|What are the relationships between power and knowledge? There are two bad, short answers: 1. Knowledge provides an instrument that those in power can wield for their own ends. 2. A new body of knowledge brings into being a new class of people or institutions that can exercise a new kind of power.
John le Carré, The Honourable Schoolboy|Wives?" she asked, interrupting him. For a moment, he had assumed she was tuning to the novel. Then he saw her waiting, suspicious eyes, so he replied cautiously, "None active," as if wives were volcanoes.
Neil Gaiman, Signal to Noise|Multi-colored lights flashed and glared on the wet road and cast eerie reflections, reminiscent of artistic surrealism. Fillion imagined that his distress and anger swirled and moved with the refracted lights, creating an urban masterpiece of demented fury.
Robert A. Heinlein|I'm never going to go to Mars, but I've helped inspire, thank goodness, the people who built the rockets and sent our photographic equipment off to Mars.
Mark Twain|It was funny how none of her classes in library science has prepared her for this sort of thing, dead bodies, staff under suspicion, crazed reporters. Really, they needed to consider expanding the curriculum.
Indra Nooyi|Listen, you know this: If there's not a rebellious youth culture, there's no culture at all. It's absolutely essential. It is the future. This is what we're supposed to do as a species, is advance ideas.
Robert Peake, New Poets, Short Books, Volume V|if what is true brings us sorrow, / if what sorrow brings is truth
Hubert Martin|She was exactly right and wrong in the perfect sort of way. This kiss would be the first of many, she was the type of girl I would desperately fight for to stay.
Christina Engela, Black Sunrise|Someone tried to kill me, and I’m going swimming. I’m going swimming, because it doesn’t matter. I’m going swimming, because I don’t matter. I’m going swimming, because that’s what Claires do. We swim and we daydream and we read and we wait for someone to care, and they never, ever, ever do.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Stop giving other people the power to control your happiness, your mind, and your life. If you don't take control of yourself and your own life, someone else is bound to try.
Conn Iggulden, Genghis: Birth of an Empire|You've always been skinny,always will." I can feeleachreclusivebonepoke through,the bones of Embarrassment,Anger,Relief.I push some back in,but leaveAngersticking out.
Richelle Mead, Storm Born|I've heard that the soul often recognizes truth when it hears it, even if the mind does not.
Margaret Cho|So you’ll get your kicks by exerting your will over me.”“It’s about gaining your trust and your respect, so you’ll let me exert my will over you. I will gain a great deal of pleasure, joy, even in your submission. The more you submit, the greater my joy – it’s a very simple equation.”“Okay, and what do I get out of this?”He shrugs and looks almost apologetic.“Me,” he says simply.
Andy Murray|The demons you have are what motivate you to make your art. This is what drives the detective, this is what drives the painter, this is what drives the writer: a conflicting urge to forget pain and at the same time remember it and fight for some kind of justice. I know these powerful things are inside of me and everyone in some way or another.
Arlene Schindler, The Last Place She'd Look|Mzatal gave a decisive nod. “I willmanage this. It cannot continue to interferewith his work. Too much is at stake.”I raised an eyebrow. “How do youintend to manage it?”“I will tell him the truth and outline theconsequences.”I was surprised Mzatal didn’t shrivelaway from the look I gave him. “Dude.Seriously? You expect him to stopcrushing on me because you forbid it?”Mzatal frowned, contemplative.“Perhaps not ideal given the entanglementof human emotions, though there is no timefor it to drag on,” he said, as if he actuallyknew what he was talking about. “If heknows you have no interest and sees howhis distractions have affected his work, hewill subside enough for now.”My withering look became glacial.“Boss, you’re completely awesome inmany ways, but you are so off-base withthis it’s not even funny.” I rolled my eyes.“I’ve already ramped ‘No Interest’ up toeleven on the dial and, at this point, hedoesn’t care if his work suffers.” I took abig gulp of coffee, then ran my fingersthrough my tangled hair. “Let me deal withit. Normally I’m not into directconfrontation with this sort of shit, butthere’s isn’t enough time for it to fizzle outon its own.”Mzatal regarded me with that damnedunreadable mask which he’d slipped on asI was talking. Great. Lords weren’t muchon being told they were wrong, but it hadto be said.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|With an old head and a young heart, you can be a source of real strength [to others] who need your cheer and encouragement.
Kim Kardashian|I remember that at the beginning of the month, the kind of menus my mom and father would prepare for us would have fish, chicken. But at the end of the month - because my father would be waiting for paycheck - the refrigerator would get empty. I remember that without a lot of food left, some of the best meals happened right there.
C.F.W. Walther, Law & Gospel: How to Read and Apply the Bible: A Reader's Edition|It’s the law, Jack. When the government breaks the law, they have to toe the line.
Robert Jarvik|The most important factors for a long life, I think, are partly in the genes; number two is lifestyle, which includes healthy diet and regular exercise. I walk, run and swim every day. However, I think too much exercise is also unhealthy because of over-stress; sometimes people who exercise too many hours per day die early.
Erich Fromm, To Have or to Be? The Nature of the Psyche|Those who unconsciously despair yet put on the mask of optimism are not necessarily wise. But those who have not given up hope can succeed only if they are hardheaded realists, shed all illusions, and fully appreciate the difficulties.
Sam Yagan|One thing matters more than anything else for a dating product, and that is the quantity and quality of the people who use the product. It's really freaking hard to get critical mass.
Debasish Mridha|It is easy to hold on, but it is difficult to let it go.
Mohammad Shahzaib Ansari|I looked upon the sea, it was to be my grave
Sheryl Sandberg, Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead|We need to stop telling [women], "Get a mentor and you will excel." Instead, we need to tell them, "Excel and you will get a mentor.
C.S. Lewis|One never meets just Cancer, or War, or Unhappiness (or Happiness). One only meets each hour or moment that comes. All manner of ups and downs. Many bad spots in our best times, many good ones in our worst. One never gets the total impact of what we call ‘the thing itself’. But we call it wrongly. The thing itself is simply all these ups and downs: the rest is a name or an idea.
Wilfred Owen, The Poems Of Wilfred Owen|And Death fell with me, like a deepening moan.And He, picking a manner of worm, which half had hidIts bruises in the earth, but crawled no further,Showed me its feet, the feet of many men,And the fresh-severed head of it, my head.
Albert Brooks|I haven't any formal schedule, but I love to write in the morning, before breakfast. Sometimes the writing goes so smoothly that I don't take a break for many hours - and consequently have breakfast at two or three in the afternoon on good days.
Lisa Kleypas, Married By Morning|You seem to think you have a choice," Cam said. "But you have it backwards. Love chooses you. The shadow moves as the sun commands.
Hugh Grant|And I think most people in this country want to see a president that's got the courage to say we're going to cut the tax burden, and reduce the regulatory climate, and we're going to get Americans working.
Eric Carr|People are patronizing the theatres with renewed enthusiasm - there is an entire picnic-like attitude when families go out to see movies, which is a very good sign. They want to see larger-than-life characters on the big screen and not just watch movies on television or on DVDs.
Rio Ferdinand|The way I grew up, I was always taught that it's uncouth to talk about money, and that's not what should inspire you.
J.M. Barrie|If you have it [love], you don't need to have anything else, and if you don't have it, it doesn't matter much what else you have.
Garth Marenghi|I know writers who use subtext, and they're all cowards.
Simon Kuper, Soccernomics|There are only three sports: bullfighting, motor racing, and mountaineering; all the rest are merely games.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|I am not saying that you have to believe in God to make moral decisions. God's existence is not dependent on my belief in him, anyway. However, without the objective reality of God, there would be no conscience".
Guillaume Musso, Que serais-je sans toi?|Nothing stays the same it all gets crushed. It all gets broken. It all passes with time. Only the moment you're in has any meaning.""There are things that stand the test of time, there are things that last. Like love.""Love theres nothing more fragile or ephereal.Love is like fire on a rainy day: you've got tospend all your time protecting it, feeding it, tending it because if you don't it goes out.""There are some loves that last.""No, what lasts is the pain that comes after love.
E. Lockhart, We Were Liars|Even the blind man can see the beauty as it rides upon the sound of a voice, edge itself between the lines on his fingerprints to be spread upon the smooth snippets of life he touches.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you do everything with love and joy, you will find your soul.
Debasish Mridha|With the wings of knowledge, it is easier to fly toward the blue sky of wisdom.
Gary L. Francione|Speciesism is morally objectionable because, like racism, sexism, and heterosexism, it links personhood with an irrelevant criterion. Those who reject speciesism are committed to rejecting racism, sexism, heterosexism, and other forms of discrimination as well.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Was it good?Nemecsek fixed his blue eyes on Gereb and replied:Yes, and quietly added: Much better than to be standing on the bank, laughing at me. I'd rather stay in the water neck-deep until New Year than be hand-in-hand with my friends' enemies. I don't mind having dipped in the water. The other day I fell in there by myself. I saw you then, too, with these strangers on the island. But you fellows can invite me as long as you like, you can flatter me and shower me with presents - yet I won't have a thing to do with you. And if you give me another ducking, if you throw me in the water a hundred times, or even a thousand times, I'll come here tomorrow and the day after just the same. I'll find a hiding place where you won't get me. I'm not afraid of anyone of you. And if you'll come to Paul Street, to take our ground away, we'll be on the spot! And don't you forget that either! I'll show you that with ten of us against your ten, you'll hear a different sort of talk from what I'm giving you now. It was easy enough to get the better of me! The one that's stronger always wins! The Pasztor boys stole my marbles in the Museum Garden because they were stronger. Now I got a ducking because you are stronger! Easy enough when ten are against one! But I don't care! You can even beat me up, if it'll do you good. I could have saved myself from the ducking, but I wouldn't join you. I'd rather be drowned or have my brains knocked out than be a traitor...like....somebody standing over...there....
P.J. Parker, Fire on the Water: A Companion to Mary Shelley's Frankenstein|The stuff of nightmares is not only relegated to unconscious thoughts upon a pillow, safely beneath an eiderdown.
Jules Verne|The future of the world belongs to the youth of the world, and it is from the youth and not from the old that the fire of life will warm and enlighten the world. It is your privilege to breathe the breath of life into the dry bones of many around you.
Daniel J. Levitin, The Organized Mind: Thinking Straight in the Age of Information Overload|It’s usually obvious when you’re talking to somebody a level above you, because they see lots of things instantly when those things take considerable work for you to figure out. These are good people to learn from, because they remember what it’s like to struggle in the place where you’re struggling, but the things they do still make sense from your perspective (you just couldn’t do them yourself). Talking to somebody two or more levels above you is a different story. They’re barely speaking the same language, and it’s almost impossible to imagine that you could ever know what they know. You can still learn from them, if you don’t get discouraged, but the things they want to teach you seem really philosophical, and you don’t think they’ll help you—but for some reason, they do. Somebody three levels above is actually speaking a different language. They probably seem less impressive to you than the person two levels above, because most of what they’re thinking about is completely invisible to you. From where you are, it is not possible to imagine what they think about, or why. You might think you can, but this is only because they know how to tell entertaining stories. Any one of these stories probably contains enough wisdom to get you halfway to your next level if you put in enough time thinking about it. Getting organized can bring us all to the next level in our lives.
Scaachi Koul, One Day We'll All Be Dead and None of This Will Matter|On the sound of handcuffs--"For me it's the sound of all light and hope crashing down on a minority.
Beth Kephart, Undercover|When I was a boy, that was all I wanted—to grow a pair of wings and get up into the sky. I had a basement full of failed wing projects. Boards and capes and motors, even a pile of found feathers I once tried to glue together with a bottle of Elmer’s; you should have seen your grandmother’s face. But I never got any higher than the backyard fence I’d launch from. I never got inside a cloud. Your raven did.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|To be productive, you must convert every minute of your time.
Rachel Caine, Black Dawn|I'm not through with you yet. Are you prepared to accept your punishment?"I nodded reluctantly. I wasn't sure what a vampire's punishment might be. But I was ready to find out."I sentence you to a thousand kisses," he said. "Can I begin now?
Joan Didion, Vintage Didion|What these men represented was not 'The West' but what was for this century a relatively new kind of monied class in America, a group devoid of social responsibilities because their ties to any one place had been so attenuated.
Maurice Blanchot, Friendship|Why are those who knew him, when they pass from the memory of a young man, sensitive and gay, to the work – novels and writings – surprised to pass into a nocturnal world, a world of cold torment, a world not without light but in which light blinds at the same time that it illuminates; gives hope, but makes hope the shadow of anguish and despair? Why is it that he who, in his work, passes from the objectivity of the narratives to the intimacy of the Diary, descends into a still darker night in which the cries of a lost man can be heard? Why does it seem that the closer one comes to his heart, the closer one comes to an unconsoled center from which a piercing flash sometimes bursts forth, an excess of pain, excess of joy? Who has the right to speak of Kafka without making this enigma heard, an enigma that speaks with the complexity, with the simplicity, of enigma?
Matt Haig|New York, for decades, offered a perpetual series of 'golden ages' to artists. You constantly had to measure yourself against the best, and you had to watch them, which meant that your imagination and also your sense of what the market could stand got very, very sharp.
Darnell Lamont Walker|I mean to ask whether there is any way of avoiding the hostility expressed by the division say, of men into "us" (Westerners) and "they" (Orientals). For such divisions are generalities whose use historically and actually has been to press the importance of the distinction between some men and some other men, usually towards not especially admirable ends.
Henrik Fisker|I don't take on projects that are a hassle or when someone comes in and says, 'We really need this design,' and I'm like, 'OK, fine, I'll do it.' It really has to be something that I personally feel intrigued and excited about - any product, as long as I'm excited by it. It doesn't have to be a car.
John Green, Paper Towns|You were with Margo Roth Spiegelman last night? At THREE A.M.? I nodded. Alone? I nodded. Oh my God, if you hooked up with her, you have to tell me every single thing that happened. You have to write me a term paper on the look and feel of Margo Roth Spiegelman's breasts. Thrity pages, minimum! I want you to do a photo-realistic pencil drawing. A sculpture would also be acceptable. I was wondering if it would be possible for you to write a sestina about Margo Roth Spiegelman's breasts? Your six words are: pink, round, firmness, succulent, supple, and pillowy. Personally, I think at least one of the words should be buhbuhbuhbuh.
Ban Ki-moon|I thought the Vietnam war was an utter, unmitigated disaster, so it was very hard for me to say anything good about it.
Andrew Jackson|Little else is requisite to carry a state to the highest degree of opulence from the lowest barbarism but peace, easy taxes, and a tolerable administration of justice: all the rest being brought about by the natural course of things.
Sam Wineburg|The problem is not the content of textbooks, but the very idea of them.
Stephen King, Joyland|Several times we had been very close to "it," but "it" just never quite happened. She always drew back, and I never pressed her. God help me, I was being gallant. I have wondered often since what would have changed (for good or for ill) had I not been. What I know now is that gallant young men rarely get pussy. Put it on a sampler and hang it in your kitchen.
Jonathan Campbell|Aegean Islands 1940-41Where white stares, smokes or breaks,Thread white, white of plaster and of foam,Where sea like a wall falls;Ribbed, lionish coast,The stony islands which blow into my mindMore often than I imagine my grassy home;To sun one's bones beside theExplosive, crushed-blue, nostril-opening sea(The weaving sea, splintered with sails and foam,Familiar of famous and deserted harbours,Of coins with dolphins on and fallen pillars.)To know the gear and skill of sailing,The drenching race for home and the sail-white houses,Stories of Turks and smoky ikons,Cry of the bagpipe, treadingOf the peasant dancers;The dark breadThe island wine and the sweet dishes;All these were elements in a happinessMore distant now than any date like '40,A. D. or B. C., ever can express.
Ann Brashares|As Qhuinn looked at his best friend's handsome face, he felt as if he'd never not known that red hair, those blue eyes, those lips, that jaw. And it was because of their long history that he searched for something to say, something that would get them back to where they had been. All that came to him was . . . I miss you. I miss you so fucking bad it hurts, but I don't know how to find you even though you're right in front of me.
Amit Kalantri|remember this: When you cross my doorstep, you have already been raised. With what you have learned...you know the difference between right and wrong. Do right. Don't anybody raise you from the way you have been raised. Know you will have to make adaptations, in love, in relationships, in friends, in society, in work, but don't let anybody change your mind.
Steven Erikson, Bauchelain and Korbal Broach|but is it not heartening to know that so many are willing to fight for the good? Think of that young librarian, Sophie, who made certain you escaped. Think of S.Q., who risked my brother’s wrath to make me more comfortable. Think of Captain Noland, and Joe Shooter, and all the others – even strangers – who were prepared to sacrifice their safety, perhaps even their lives, on our behalf. That’s something, is it not?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|In great humility, we find our strength.
Walt Whitman|The important consequences to the American States from this Declaration of Independence, considered as the ground and foundation of a future government, naturally suggest the propriety of proclaiming it in such a manner as that the people may be universally informed of it.
Christina Enevoldsen|I stumble across the sea of tarmac, finding pavement, concealment and a brick wall. Palms brace against the scrubby surface. My stomach churns and then bubbles over, burning my throat as acrid yellow acid spills from my lips in frothy discomposure. It splatters the pavement like a spray of blood.
Evan Mandery, First Contact-Or, It's Later Than You Think|I have no special desire to go crawl around in caves, but I really like the word [spelunking] and want to use it in conversation. I do a lot of things just to use words I like.
Loretta Lynn|On Sept. 20, 2011, a year after I spoke with Rabanni, a couple of Taliban emissaries arrived at his Kabul fortress with a gift for his 71st birthday. It turned out not to be the truce offering they had claimed they were bringing: one of the Talibs had a bomb hidden in his turban.
Pablo Neruda, Memoirs|I stalk certain words... I catch them in mid-flight, as they buzz past, I trap them, clean them, peel them, I set myself in front of the dish, they have a crystalline texture to me, vibrant, ivory, vegetable, oily, like fruit, like algae, like agates, like olives... I stir them, I shake them, I drink them, I gulp them down, I mash them, I garnish them... I leave them in my poem like stalactites, like slivers of polished wood, like coals, like pickings from a shipwreck, gifts from the waves... Everything exists in the word.
Hannah Lillith Assadi, Sonora|When you are rich, your past disappears. You get everything you want when you want it . . . Everyone wants to know you. Everyone wants to be your friend.
George Gordon Byron|Gwynned lies two days westwards; still further south, the weregeld calls. Mayhap with All-Father Woden's favour, my deeds may yet inspire the skalds.
Jackie Evancho|We always talk about how the first several seasons were faithful to the books, and anybody who wanted to could go onto Wikipedia and learn Ned Stark gets beheaded or about The Red Wedding, and most people don't want to know - because why ruin a story?
Anaïs Nin|Life is a process of becoming, a combination of states we have to go through. Where people fail is that they wish to elect a state and remain in it. This is a kind of death.
Ivan Goncharov, Oblomov|A lover of comfort might shrug after looking at the whole apparent jumble of furniture, old paintings, statues with missing arms and legs, engravings that were sometimes bad but precious in memory, and bric-a-brac. Only the eye of a connoisseur would have blazed with eagerness at the sight of this painting or that, some book yellowed with age, a piece of old porcelain, or stones and coins.But the furniture and paintings of different ages, the bric-a-brac that meant nothing to anyone but had been marked for them both by a happy hour or memorable moment, and the ocean of books and sheet music breathed a warm life that oddly stimulated the mind and aesthetic sense. Present everywhere was vigilant thought. The beauty of human effort shone here, just as the eternal beauty of nature shone all around.pp. 492-493
Derek Walcott|As human beings we’ve certainly suffered the loss of awe, the loss of sacredness, and the loss of the fact that we’re not here— we’re not put on earth— to shape it anyway we want... You want something to happen with poetry, but it doesn’t make anything happen. So then somebody says, “What’s the use of poetry?” Then you say, “Well, what’s the use of a cloud? What’s the use of a river? What’s the use of a tree?” They don’t make anything happen.
Anna White, Mended: Thoughts on Life, Love, and Leaps of Faith|I think this is the essence of life: to be willing circle back, to fall in deeper, to relearn what I thought I already knew.
Olivia Culpo|Always expect the unexpected. Right around Thanksgiving, when the new Alex Cross will be out. It's called Four Blind Mice and it's a pretty amazing story about several murders inside the military.
|No matter what you are going through in life, don't dare to give up until you are largely compensated for your pain.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|Potentially, anyone writing on the Web can reach a global audience. In practice, hardly anyone ever does.
Robert S. McNamara|Sitting outside on a dark night, under the stars, invites confidences amongst people of all ages, and all walks of life. It invokes an intimacy you don’t find under most other circumstances.
N.D. Wilson, Death by Living: Life Is Meant to Be Spent|Lay your life down. Your heartbeats cannot be hoarded. Your reservoir of breaths is draining away. You have hands, blister them while you can. You have bones, make them strain-they can carry nothing in the grave. You have lungs, let them spill with laughter. With an average life expectancy of 78.2 years in the US (subtracting eight hours a day for sleep), I have around 250,00 conscious hours remaining to me in which I could be smiling or scowling, rejoicing in my life, in this race, in this story, or moaning and complaining about my troubles. I can be giving my fingers, my back, my mind, my words, my breaths, to my wife and my children and my neighbors, or I can grasp after the vapor and the vanity for myself, dragging my feet, afraid to die and therefore afraid to live. And, like Adam, I will still die in the end.
Tahir Shah, In Search of King Solomon's Mines|All these people moving through life, all around me, and no one, not a single person, knows what I'm going through.
Elizabeth E. Castillo|Writers are disguised "sorcerers". Armed with their mighty pens, they cast spells on their readers using words that could pierce right through the heart and soul. If our writings moved you, made you cry, made you think deeper, and sort of changed your perspective about things, then we can say, we had you under our "spell". - Elizabeth Esguerra Castillo's Quotes
Patrick Somerville, The Universe in Miniature in Miniature|Facing and embracing grief allows us to experience the shock, anger, disappointment, and other feelings that need to be processed before we can move through this transition.
Debasish Mridha|In life, your greatest wealth is not your money, but it is your time.
Ahmed Zewail|I don't look at myself as a hero or smart person. I have a seventh-grade education, but I've had a lot of fun.
Jason Christopher Hartley, Just Another Soldier: A Year on the Ground in Iraq|When the madness came, he would be like a man staggering along the rim of the abyss – which was his rage – and when the edge gave way or he missed his step, he might clutch at anyone within reach and drag that person with him over the precipice.
Jim Harrison, Legends of the Fall|His own life suddenly seemed repellently formal. Whom did he know or what did he know and whom did he love? Sitting on the stump under the burden of his father's death and even the mortality inherent in the dying, wildly colored canopy of leaves, he somehow understood that life was only what one did every day.... Nothing was like anything else, including himself, and everything was changing all of the time. He knew he couldn't perceive the change because he was changing too, along with everything else.
Kent Nerburn, The Wolf at Twilight: An Indian Elder's Journey through a Land of Ghosts and Shadows|Grover spit expertly between his teeth. "You know, Nerburn," he said, "you're like those treaty negotiators we used to have to deal with. Always in a hurry. Sometimes there are preliminaries." "There are preliminaries and there are evasions," I said. "Look out there." I swept my hand across the blazing, parched horizon. "We've got to get moving if we want to get up there before it's a hundred and ten degrees." "Just relax. He's just doing it the Lakota way, by laying out the history. That's how we remember our history, by telling our story," "But does every story have to start with Columbus?" "Everything starts with Columbus. At least everything to do with white people." "But what's with the French fries?" "He likes to get rid of the salt." "No, the piles. First he insists on getting exactly twenty-eight, then he divides them into piles. It doesn't make any sense." A small smile crept across Grover's face. "How many piles?" he asked. "Four." He spit one more time onto the ground. It made a small puff of explosion in the dust. "Mmm. Twenty-eight French fries. Four piles of seven." He made a great charade of counting on his fingers. "Let's see. Four seasons. Four directions. Four stages of life. "Seven council fires. Seven sacred rituals. The moon lives for twenty-eight days. Yeah, I guess that doesn't make any sense." "That's crazy," I said. "What is it? Some kind of Lakota French fry rosary?
Nutan Bajracharya|When some one steals a small hope from you, you can do nothing, only can see dreams stolen... It's small thing, but means a lot... Waiting for several such moments, when your dreams are stolen......it's life you had no choice just feel it and forget.....
Atul Gawande, Better: A Surgeon's Notes on Performance|All my patients are individuals with their own story to tell, their own set of problems and their own solution. Even where the symptoms of their distress are very similar, the roads that bring them to me are not. Each of them teaches me something important, just as each new patient I meet reminds me that there is always more to learn.
William Shakespeare, The Merchant of Venice|It's like she had a soul that was much too big for her; it filled her to the brim till there was no more space, so it flowed out through her eyes.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Whatever territory you choose to explore and then invest all your time into it, you will be amazed how easy it is to become great.
Gemma Whelan|It doesn't matter that Bush scares the hell out of me. What matters is that he scares the hell out of a lot of very important people in Washington who can't speak out, in the military, in the intelligence community.
W. C. Doane|To be happy  drop the words "if only" and substitute instead the words "next time."
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|Keep up," said an irritable voice in her ear. It was Jace, who had dropped back to walk beside her. "I don't want to have to keep looking behind me to make sure nothing's happened to you.""So don't bother.""Last time I left you alone, a demon attacked you," he pointed out. "Well, I'd certainly hate to interrupt your pleasant night stroll with my sudden death."He blinked. "There is a fine line between sarcasm and outright hostility, and you seem to have crossed it.
Debasish Mridha|Whatever happens in life happens to make you stronger. So fear not, accept it as a gift from the universe. Use the event to capture the essence of this journey we call life.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Human, All Too Human|Heidegger is the philosopher to whom especially postmodernists chiefly appeal in their radical rejections of metaphysics and of any and every conception of the entirety of actuality, of Being as such and as a whole. To be sure, their appeals to Heidegger are as a rule extraordinarily superficial ones. These authors come nowhere near to providing adequate interpretations of or appropriations from Heid
Carlos Fuentes, Terra Nostra|all that was left to me was certain images and all of them spoke to me of the collapse of a cruel world and the slow construction in its stead of another world, equally cruel.
Laura Wasser|I was a Christian. I didn't want to have sex before marriage, I was a bit uptight and not very self-confident. I was a virgin until I was 26.
Michelle Cuevas, Beyond the Laughing Sky|Change is the nature of nature,'" she read. "'For example, stars expand as they grow older. They grow from a star, to a red super-giant, to a supernova. When a massive star explodes at the end of its life, the explosion dispenses different elements-helium, carbon, oxygen, iron, nickel-across the universe, scattering starduest. That stardust now makes up the planets, including ours.
Yudhanjaya Wijeratne, Numbercaste|All his life he had controlled machines, bent nature and the forces of nature to man and man's needs. The human race had slowly evolved until it was in a position to operate things, run them as it saw fit. Now all at once it had been plunged back down the ladder again, prostrate before a Power against which they were children.
Al Lopez|Business opportunities are like buses, there's always another one coming.
Lailah Gifty Akita|We can not just live any how. There are consequences for every action, where evil or good.
Italo Calvino, If on a Winter's Night a Traveler|Today each of you is the object of the other’s reading, one reads in the other the unwritten story.
Frédéric Bastiat, That Which Is Seen and That Which Is Not Seen|They did not understand that by liberalizing imports, the government was also promoting exports.
Rod Tyson|Dirge of the dying and the stench of fear,Black souls repent as hell draws near," - Percy Pemmeney the smuggler, from Curse of Ancient Shadows.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|It was snowing. It was always snowing at Christmas. December, in my memory, is white as Lapland, though there were no reindeers. But there were cats.
Alice Hoffman, The Rules of Magic|She’d bought a blue notebook in the pharmacy to write down her aunt’s remedies. Star tulip to understand dreams, bee balm for a restful sleep, black mustard seed to repel nightmares, remedies that used essential oils of almond or apricot or myrrh from thorn trees in the desert. Two eggs, which must never be eaten, set under a bed to clean a tainted atmosphere. Vinegar as a cleansing bath. Garlic, salt, and rosemary, the ancient spell to cast away evil.
Keith R.A. DeCandido, Bone Key|Driver picks the music, shotgun shuts his cakehole.
Daryn Kagan|We shall defend our island, whatever the cost may be, we shall fight on the beaches, we shall fight on the landing grounds, we shall fight in the fields and in the streets, we shall fight in the hills; we shall never surrender.
Steven Adler|You've got a movie where the pro-choice family gives their daughter no choice. The pro-life family murders. What seems to be the good mother, the kind of hippie painter, sweet and cute mother has no love for her daughter really.
Edwin Catmull|The future is a direction, not a destination.
Keri Hulme, The Bone People|Sometimes, the waves grow hushed, but the sea is always there, touching, caressing, eating the earth...
Karen Azinger, The Flame Priest|Reflections of the battlements shimmered in the deep green moat, casting an image of enduring strength, an image that defied the very siege of time.
Thomas à Kempis, The Imitation of Christ|It happens very often that those whom men esteem highly are more seriously endangered by their own excessive confidence. Hence, for many it is better not to be too free from temptations, but often to be tried lest they become too secure, too filled with pride, or even too eager to fall back upon external comforts.
Diet Eman, Things We Couldn't Say|If you dont speak, they will know you know more than you're telling them. And if they know that, they'll find a way to get what you know out of you. Believe me, they'll get everything out, Willie. Don't have any qualms about it -- make your story good and make it believable. Silence won't work!" This was an expert giving me the best advice she could. From that point on, I worked hard not to remember the people I loved, to try instead to create another life, a false life...I tried to become a person concerned only with very simple things -- and scared. I tried to become the woman I needed to be in order to live.
George MacDonald Fraser, Flashman|Jamie glanced at her notes. "So let's be honest, Jacks, can we? What is the best part of being an Angel? Is it the lifestyle? Is it the parties? The fame? What's your favourite part?" "Just having this chance," he said after considering. "And what chance is that?" Jamie asked. Jacks's blue eyes twinkled. "The chance to be a hero.
Elizabeth Peters, The Snake, the Crocodile and the Dog|It was a needless precaution, I felt sure, but men always enjoy marching around with weapons and flexing their figurative muscles, and I saw no reason to deny them this harmless exercise.
Victoria Osteen|Faith is a continuum, and we each fall on that line where we may. By attempting to rigidly classify ethereal concepts like faith, we end up debating semantics to the point where we entirely miss the obvious - that is, that we are all trying to decipher life's big mysteries, and we're each following our own paths of enlightenment.
Jean Chatzky|If two people cannot live together, both should have the right to opt out of the marriage. In an ideal world, that would be an acceptable solution.
Anne Brontë, The Tenant of Wildfell Hall|We take the names of madmen, because madness is our fate. Terribly melodramatic, that.
Nicholas A. Christakis|As long as you are being true to yourself, you will always find happiness.
B. H. Liddell Hart|Just as a mother finds pleasure in taking her little child on her lap, there to feed and caress him, in like manner our loving God shows His fondness for His beloved souls who have given themselves entirely to Him and have placed all their hope in His goodness.
Charlie Jane Anders, All the Birds in the Sky|A society that has to burn witches to hold itself together is a society that has already failed, and just doesn't know it yet.
William Shakespeare, Hamlet|Not a whit, we defy augury: there's a specialprovidence in the fall of a sparrow. If it be now,'tis not to come; if it be not to come, it will benow; if it be not now, yet it will come: thereadiness is all.
David H. Murdock|To ensure continuing prosperity in the global economy, nothing is more important than the development and application of knowledge and skills.
Anton Chekhov, The Lady With the Little Dog and Other Stories, 1896-1904|I know a secret,and secrets breed paranoia.
Diane Ackerman, The Zookeeper's Wife|Europe enjoyed a heritage of fairy tales alive with talking animals--some almost real, other deliciously bogus-- to spark child's fantasies and gallop grownups to the cherished haunts of childhood. It pleased Antonina that her zoo offered on orient of fabled creatures, where book pages sprang alive and people could parley with ferocious animals.
George Eastman|My parents have been married 50-some years, and I've never heard them fight. I got the chance to attend great universities and medical school.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|Do you think, because I am poor, obscure, plain and little, I am soulless and heartless? You think wrong! - I have as much soul as you, - and full as much heart! And if God had gifted me with some beauty and much wealth, I should have made it as hard for you to leave me, as it is now for me to leave you!
Azim Jamal & Brian Tracy, What You Seek Is Seeking You|Every hour, stop and ask: Am I really present in this moment? If not, what are my thoughts focused on? Doing this often will help you return to the present moment.
Captain Jack Sparrow|And maybe she had certain beliefs that if you love somebody, [you're] gonna like them too. And that isn't necessarily true.
Christina Engela, Space Vacation|Wherever you are, be all there.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|There is never a time or place for true love. It happens accidentally, in a heartbeat, in a single flashing, throbbing moment.
David Crosby|You do not get to choose the events that come your way nor the sorrows that interrupt your life. They will likely be a surprise to you, catching you off quard and unprepared. You may hold your head in your hands and lament your weak condition and wonder what you ought to do. To suffer, that is common to all. To suffer and still keep your composure, your faith and your smile, that is remarkable. Pain will change you more profoundly than success or good fortune. Suffering shapes your perception of life, your values and priorities, and your goals and dreams. Your pain is changing you,
Pat Pattison|I hereby grant you permission to write crap. The more the better. Remember, crap makes the best fertilizer.
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|Everyone can perform magic, everyone can reach his goals, ifhe is able to think, if he is able to wait, if he is able to fast.
Tegan Quin|The best part of having a relationship is getting to call the person or lay down next to them and tell them all the crazy things that happened to you all day long, and in the end that’s what it’s about, kids. It’s not about the sex, it’s not about the money that they give you or whatever. It’s not about how good-looking they are, it’s about, can they listen to you talk for hours and hours and hours about stupid shit that doesn't matter.
Banana Yoshimoto, N.P|It's not like I'm all into nostalgia and history, it's just that I can't stand the way things are now
M. Cesar|When you take a stand against injustice inflicted upon innocent people, there will be those who will hate you for it.
Idries Shah, The Sufis|Of whom can we think well when it is believed that if nothing bad is done to you, this has been a kindness?
Heather Dixon, Entwined|Ah, Azalea," said the King. "He's not going to be the one proposing."."Sorry?" she said.. The Delchastrian queen had to propose-""I will do no such thing!" said Azalea.
VD.|The scientist is more religious than the poet because his belief rests in the faith of the intangible – a reality that stands outside of ourselves who are the observers. The poet on the other hand realizes that concepts like Truth and Beauty form the root of our reality, and lie not in the fleeting nature of our world, but in the eternal universal aspects of humanity.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We have two natures within us, both struggling for mastery. Which one will dominate us? It depends on which one we feed.
Gavin John Adams, Letters to John Law|The primary purposes of the political pamphlets of the early 1700s were neither to enlighten nor educate the masses, but to incite partisan conversation and spread commensurate ideas . . . Facts were not permitted to fetter the views they espoused, and the restraints of objective journalistic credibility were discarded by pamphleteers bent on promoting subjective slant to an insatiable general public for whom political dissonance was an integral part of social interaction.
Nash Grier|I needed more knowledge in rigging and knotting. I started collecting books on knots and really learning more and more. That's how it started. And also in magic, of course. With a piece of rope, you can do magic.
Jennifer Crusie, Welcome to Temptation|I believe in fate and I believe you were supposed to walk into my life, so Mason could walk into yours.
Virchand Gandhi, The Monist|We preach and practice brotherhood — not only of man but of all living beings — not on Sundays only but on all the days of the week. We believe in the law of universal justice — that our present condition is the result of our past actions and that we are not subjected to the freaks of an irresponsible governor, who is prosecutor and judge at the same time; we depend for our salvation on our own acts and deeds and not on the sacrificial death of an attorney.
Nicholas Day, Baby Meets World: Suck, Smile, Touch, Toddle|Her mother was Jewish, but her father had insisted that she and Anne be raised Catholic. So she went to mass every Sunday as a child, received communion, went to confession, and was confirmed, but because her mother never participated in any of this, Alice began questioning the validity of these beliefs at a young age. And without a satisfying answer from either her father or the Catholic Church, she never developed a true faith.
S.R. Crawford, No Secrets: Eternity series|What do you want?"To see the world burn, and a new one be born from the ashes…
Gautama Buddha|Believe nothing, no matter where you read it, or who said it, no matter if I have said it, unless it agrees with your own reason and your own common sense.
J.M. Barrie|While one is young is the time to investigate, to experiment with everything. The school should help its young people to discover their vocations and responsibilities, and not merely cram their minds with facts and technical knowledge; it should be the soil in which they can grow without fear, happily and integrally.
Tony Robbins|I have noticed even people who claim everything is predestined, and that we can do nothing to change it, look before they cross the road.
Katy Evans, Mine|He seems to have become a part of my life and I'm disappointed if I don't see him. If I get to the end of the day without seeing someone who reminds me of him, I feel as if a dull shadow has fallen over me.
Thomas E. Woods Jr.|Father Nicholas Steno, is often identified as the father of geology.
Cat Cora|I have always been an outstanding football player, I have always had uncanny abilities, great arm strength, an immense ability to play the game from a quarterback standpoint. The problem was that I wasn't given the liberty to do certain things when I was young.
Maxine Waters|I don't think it's good to run on anger, but it's really great when that's the first couple of gallons in your tank - when you've had enough, and you're just pissed off enough to go for it. In a lot of ways, that sort of environment can be a catapult for a great situation.
Rebecca Solnit, Wanderlust: A History of Walking|I like walking because it is slow, and I suspect that the mind, like the feet, works at about three miles an hour. If this is so, then modern life is moving faster than the speed of thought or thoughtfulness.
Jalaluddin Rumi|My friend, you thought you lost Him;that all your life you've been separated from Him.Filled with wonder, you've always looked outside for Him,and haven't searched within your own house.
Leon Spinks|While I appreciated the educational advantages I enjoyed in the school and was proud of what I could show in mental culture, I had an earnest desire for something more than a mere business education... I desired to study for a profession, and this prompted me to leave my native state.
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|Too fearful to intervene and hold back the tormenter, she was pleading instead with the victim to be more submissive. It was a solution that would resolve the conflict while entrenching the problem. Aedan didn’t have the words to understand, but he could feel the wrongness of it.
Oscar Wilde, The Selfish Giant|We are afraid that Heaven is a bribe, and that if we make it our goal we shall no longer be disinterested. It is not so. Heaven offers nothing that the mercenary soul can desire. It is safe to tell the pure in heart that they shall see God, for only the pure in heart want to. There are rewards that do not sully motives. A man's love for a woman is not mercenary because he wants to marry her, nor his love for poetry mercenary because he wants to read it, nor his love of exercise less disinterested because he wants to run and leap and walk. Love, by definition, seeks to enjoy its object.
Gugu Mona|Life as a private investigator, slash bounty hunter wasn’t all Gary Beck wanted it to be. There weren’t any big mansions on a palm beach owned by an affluent writer generous enough to let him live rent-free and use his spare Ferrari. But then you have to ask yourself, what could you expect living on a planet like Deanna? As a third-rate colony in the Terran Empire, Deanna had more than its fair share of dull moments. It orbits a star called Ramalama. If you think that’s funny, Deanna’s two moons are called Ding and Dong, respectively (this is a local joke) and one of them falls down occasionally.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|If our sense of self, our values and our ideals, do not originate from within - but are instead largely influenced, shaped or fashioned by celebrated characters - we fall under the spells of idol worship without realizing we have 'souled out'.
Namsoon Kang, Cosmopolitan Theology: Reconstituting Planetary Hospitality, Neighbor-Love, and Solidarity in an Uneven World|I believe _cosmopolitanism_ can be an effective discourse with which to advocate a politics of _transidentity_ of overlapping interests and heterogeneous or hybrid subjects in order to challenge conventional notions of exclusive belonging, identity and citizenship.
Church of England, The 1662 Book of Common Prayer|Almighty God unto whom all hearts be open, all desires known, and from whom no Secrets are hid: clense the thoughts of our hearts by the inspiration of thy holy spirit, that we may perfectly love thee, and worthily magnifie thy holy Name through Christ our Lord. Amen.
Robyn Young, Insurrection|At the negotiations in Irvine, it became clear to me that there was no side I could stand on. The English despise me and my countrymen don’t trust me. Wallace and the others are rebelling in the name of Balliol. I cannot fight with them. It would be as much a betrayal of my oath as when I was fighting for England. I know what I must do. What I should have done months ago.’Robert felt embarrassed, about to say the words. Inside, his father’s voice berated him, but he silenced it. ‘I want you to weave my destiny,’ he finished. ‘As you did for my grandfather.’When she spoke, her voice was low. ‘And what is your destiny?’He met her eyes now, all hesitation and embarrassment gone. ‘To be King of Scotland.’A smile appeared at the corners of her mouth. It wasn’t a soft smile. It was hard and dangerous. ‘I will need something of yours,’ she said, rising.
Brandon Sanderson|You’re more capable than you know. Deep down, you have… a magick inside you that you’ve tucked away. That needs release. It’s a connection to who you are and what you are capable of. - Evan
Kim Holden, Bright Side|Do you know what it's like to be blessed with someone so special, to love them so much it hurts, and then have them taken from you forever?
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|If you cannot tie your marketing efforts to actual dollars that the electric company will accept, it’s time to adjust your plan.
Riccardo Bruni, The Lion and the Rose|the best woman is beautiful inside, most forget that the outside is temporary, but it makes most men blind without they thinking what will happen in future.
Vin Diesel|You are the mother, the father, the sister, the brother, the teacher and the guide for the soul that has been placed in your trust.
Benny Bellamacina, The King of Rhyme|If you wake up tired, you’ve been chasing dreams. If you go to bed tired, your making your dreams happen.
Antonio Machado|Samuel Vimes dreamed about Clues. He had a jaundiced view of Clues. He instinctively distrusted them. They got in the way. And he distrusted the kind of person who’d take one look at another man and say in a lordly voice to his companion, “Ah, my dear sir, I can tell you nothing except that he is a left-handed stonemason who has spent some years in the merchant navy and has recently fallen on hard times,” and then unroll a lot of supercilious commentary about calluses and stance and the state of a man’s boots, when exactly the same comments could apply to a man who was wearing his old clothes because he’d been doing a spot of home bricklaying for a new barbecue pit, and had been tattooed once when he was drunk and seventeen* and in fact got seasick on a wet pavement. What arrogance! What an insult to the rich and chaotic variety of the human experience!
Oliver Gaspirtz|And I understand now, maybe not completely, but more, that in times of overwhelming joy, immobile sadness, hysterical laughter, absolute fear, and sometimes just perfect quiet there is Life. Real Life. And it really is that simple. I take my gift now. I go live.
Margaret George, The Memoirs of Cleopatra|It is only when our fate hangs in the balance, when our very life depends on something, that we see whether or not we trust that the rope to which we are clinging will support us. If we do not, then we let of of the ledge and swing on it with our full weight.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|I don't care if the New York Times writes an obituary for me. I just want you to write one. ... You say you're not special because the world doesn't know about you, but that's an insult to me. I know about you.
Kemi Sogunle|In life, there are dreary, empty days and there are exciting, full days. You will experience both, for you cannot choose one above the other. May your full days be many.
Erik Pevernagie|It’s hard to safeguard a genuine life course, when love tips over from endearing care into tedium, through laziness of imagination or loss of interest, and the storyline becomes barren and desolate, insipidly dull, turning into a threadbare act with the same trite modus operandi. “The same procedure as every year, James!” ("Things needing to be changed")
Tim O'Brien, The Things They Carried|I'm skimming across the surface of my own history, moving fast, riding the melt beneath the blades, doing loops and spins, and when I take a high leap into the dark and come down thirty years later, I realize it is as Tim trying to save Timmy's life with a story.
Connie Kerbs, Paths of Fear: An Anthology of Overcoming Through Courage, Inspiration, and the Miracle of Love|Three, 300, or 3,000 - these are the number of unknown hours, days, a week, a year, or a decade, each far too precious little and yet, poignantly too much at the same time, to see an irrevocably declined loved one languish and suffer. That fear-ridden, irreversible release lingers in the doorway, but hesitates for reasons we don't understand, leaving us to weep a special cocktail of tears made of angst and gratitude, permeating us with some of the deepest emotions we will ever know. Finally, the release is ushered all the way in, to comfort and carry our loved one to that Better Place. It also envelopes us in a warm cloak of acceptance and peace that eases our own pain. It quiets the grief which has moaned inside of us, at least some, every single one of those bittersweet hours, days, weeks... or years.” Until that day of our own flying away, and beholding our loved one again, in that Beautiful Paradise.
SWAMI SHARNANAND JI, ASCENT TRICONFLUENT|The true servant makes no difference between a small piece of work and a so-called big piece of work, for all works is the Lord's. It is the egoist who makes such difference for his own glorification.
Sara  Humphreys, The Good, the Bad, and the Vampire|You are a spitfire of a woman, do you know that? You remind me of a horse that hasn't been broken yet. All skittish and full of wild energy.""Are you for real?" Her jaw fell open. "Did you just compare me to a horse?
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|When everybody contributes a change to what he or she notices, it is then we will change our world.
Frances Conroy|As I approve of a youth that has something of the old man in him, so I am no less pleased with an old man that has something of the youth. He that follows this rule may be old in body, but can never be so in mind.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|I could feel a small polished stone sinking through the darkest waters of my heart. All those deep convoluted channels and passageways, and yet she managed to toss her pebble right down to the bottom of it all.
Colleen Houck, Tiger's Destiny|Just remember, you never know what's possible until you risk finding out.
LaVerne St. George, The Master's Plan|I think I like you," I muttered, pressing my face to his muscled torso in a hug. I felt his heartbeat under my ear."I think I like you back.
K.A. Mitchell, Collision Course|You raise an eyebrow at me speculatively.“Really?” you enquire your voice full of sarcasm.“Respect me how Jenna? By choosing not to spend anytime with me? By not even bothering to let me knowwhere you are? By rolling in when you feel like it? Wellthen… I think we need to redefine what we mean byrespect Jenna, don’t you?
Thomm Quackenbush, Find What You Love and Let It Kill You|He was a fixture of the New Paltz community, an inexplicable light switch in the new apartment that definitely turns something on but you can't quite say what. You flick it whenever you get home and inexplicably feel a sort of relief, promising yourself that you'll figure out the wiring one of these days, but not today. Today, you are a bit too busy and this curious switch isn’t hurting anything by being a mystery.
Thomas Merton, The Sign of Jonas|I am a firm believer that when a person makes mistakes or fails to see the bigger picture, God will remove opportunities from before them.
Bernard Malamud, The Natural|Experience makes good people better." She was staring at the lake. "How does it do that?" "Through their suffering." "I had enough of that," he said in disgust. "We have two lives, Roy, the life we learn with and the life we live with after that. Suffering is what brings us toward happiness All it taught me was to stay away from it. I am sick of all I have suffered." She shrank away a little.
Debasish Mridha|We always glorify war, but why? We have war memorials everywhere but I never saw a peace memorial yet. We teach our children war game. We let them play game which is not other than a legal war but we expect peace from them. How foolish that could be!
M.F. Moonzajer|So this is what men are like. Well, that's it, then - I am going to be a lesbian.
Robert Graves|There’s no money in poetry, but there’s no poetry in money, either
Tyler Hojberg|Fall makes me think that if I fail horribly at this art thing, and then fail horribly with this writing thing, I'll go run a pumpkin patch.
Alice Munro|Women are reputed never to be disgusted. The sad fact is that they often are, but not with men; following the lead of men, they are most often disgusted with themselves.
Carroll Bryant|There is no need to masturbate your brain, just to ejaculate your thoughts all over the place
Unarine Ramaru|The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph.
Jon Stewart, America (The Book): A Citizen's Guide to Democracy Inaction|They were really willing to pay to avoid any trouble. No doubt they had overestimated the ability of academics to make a nuisance of themselves. It had been years since an academic title gained you access to major media.... Even if all the university professors in France had risen up in protest, almost nobody would have noticed, but apparently they hadn't found that out in Saudi Arabia. They still believed, deep down, in the power of the intellectual elite. It was almost touching.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|If you're old, don't try to change yourself, change your environment.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|The problem is, first take your eyes off the problem and focus on a solution.
Sacramento4Kids|How about us?’” she heard herself ask. “Don’t we deserve a little fun?’”I did not just say that.Only she had.He smiled. She wondered if the shadows were ever going to leave his eyes again. “I could do something fun.’”“Ummm…’” She licked her lips. “Define fun.’”“Quit doing that, jailbait. It’s distracting.’”The whole idea that somebody would even think of her as jailbait was tremendously exciting. Especially Shane. She tried to hide that, and act like she wasn’t quaking on the inside like a Jell-O fruit salad. “So now you want me to stay up? I thought you said I should go to bed.’”“You should.’” He didn’t put any particular emphasis on it. “’Cause if you stay down here, there’s going to be fun. I’m just saying.’”“Video game fun?’”His eyes widened. “You want to play video games?’”“Do you?’”“You are the weirdest girl.
Sam Dogra, The Binding|Adam glanced at me. His grin was back. I’d forgotten how easily he could wind me up.“You know, Eliza,” he said, “maybe you’re missing something here.”“You’re going to be missing a few teeth if you don’t explain yourself,” I growled.
J.P. Sexton|In Ireland we have the phenomenon known as a "Spoiled Priest." Unlike a spoiled child, this does not refer to a Priest throwing a temper tantrum.
Suzanne Collins, Catching Fire|The patterns are simple, but followed together, they make for a whole that is wiser than the sum of its parts. Go for a walk; cultivate hunches; write everything down, but keep your folders messy; embrace serendipity; make generative mistakes; take on multiple hobbies; frequent coffeehouses and other liquid networks; follow the links; let others build on your ideas; borrow, recycle; reinvent. Build a tangled bank.
Israelmore Ayivor|Yes, we know you are a graduate with PhD. But when was the last time you chase after a book shop to buy and read a book at your own volition to obtain an information for your self-development? Knowledge doesn't chase people; people chase knowledge and information.
Pearl Zhu, Change Insight: Change as an Ongoing Capability to Fuel Digital Transformation|For humans to move to higher ground, we must have different views, but share the common ground as well.
Nobu Matsuhisa|Tailor Made will help Ferrari's clients tailor their cars in a very personal, specific way. It's a bespoke service, like visiting Huntsman or Anderson & Sheppard or whoever your favourite Savile Row tailor is.
Yukio Mishima|The Imperial Concubine was fully aware of her own beauty, and she tended to be attracted by any force, such as religion, that treated her beauty and her high rank as things of no value.
Njovana Watts|And what is it, according to Plato, that philosophy is supposed to do? Nothing less than to render violence to our sense of ourselves and our world, our sense of ourselves in the world. (p. 40)
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Angel's Game|Martin, at my age, eroticism is reduced to enjoying caramel custard and looking at widows' necks.
James Blunt|I love Jesus Christ with all my heart and everything He stands for. I think that sums up everything that I want for my life, everything I want for my family, everything I want for my career. I want it to be entertaining. I want people to smile and tap their toes, but I want it to be meaningful when the day is done.
Regina Brett|Do and act on what you believe to be right, and you'll wake up the next morning feeling good about yourself.
Richard Hofstadter|The older America, until the 1890s and in some respects until 1914, was wrapped in the security of continental isolation, village society, the Protestant denominations, and a flourishing industrial capitalism. But reluctantly, year by year, over several decades, it has been drawn into the twentieth century and forced to cope with its unpleasant realities: first the incursions of cosmopolitanism and skepticism, then the disappearance of American isolation and easy military security, the collapse of traditional capitalism and its supplementation by a centralized welfare state, finally the unrelenting costs and stringencies of the Second World War, the Korean War, and the cold war. As a consequence, the heartland of America, filled with people who are often fundamentalist in religion, nativist in prejudice, isolationist in foreign policy, and conservative in economics, has constantly rumbled with an underground revolt against all these tormenting manifestations of our modern predicament.
Mary Crocker Cook, Codependency & Men|Biology textbooks tell you the opposite action of sympathetic and parasympathetic nervous systems. One produces cold, blue-white anger, the other flushed apoplexy. Roy's was the pink sort. He was a big blonde man, with Viking bristle to eyebrows and mustache.
Aberjhani, Splendid Literarium: A Treasury of Stories, Aphorisms, Poems, and Essays|Our greatest power as nations and individuals is not the ability to employ assault weapons, suicide bombers, and drones to destroy each other. The greater more creative powers with which we may arm ourselves are grace and compassion sufficient enough to love and save each other.
Timothy J. Keller, The Meaning of Marriage: Facing the Complexities of Commitment with the Wisdom of God|It seems almost oxymoronic to believe that this new idealism has led to a new pessimism about marriage, but that is exactly what has happened. In generations past there was far less talk about "compatibility" and finding the ideal soul mate. Today we are looking for someone who accepts us as we are and fulfills our desires, and this creates an unrealistic set of expectations that frustrates both the searchers and the searched for.
Stephen Lang|Your primary tools, as an actor, are observation and imagination. You can pretty much get everything you need from that, and you do. It brings back that element of pretend.
Anonymous|There are two types of teachers. The ones who teach you to use the text to find answers, and the ones who teach you to use the text to find another whole world of answers.
Friedrich Nietzsche|I consist of body and soul - in the worlds of a child. And why shouldn't we speak like children? But the enlightened, the knowledgealbe would say: I am body through and through, nothing more; and the soul is just a word for something on the body.
Andrea Dworkin, Intercourse|For a successful revolution it is not enough that there is discontent. What is required is a profound and thorough conviction of the justice, necessity and importance of political and social rights.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: New International Version|I blinked at her, suddenly loathing her to the depths of my soul. Not only was she probably rather evil, and definitely thoroughly unpleasant, but she also didn't read.
Marianne Williamson|Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. It is our Light, not our Darkness, that most frightens us. And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same.
Joseph Boyden, Through Black Spruce|When I die, nieces, I want to be cremated, my ashes taken up in a bush plane and sprinkled onto the people in town below. Let them think my body is snowflakes, sticking in their hair and on their shoulders like dandruff.
Nicki Minaj|But had I accepted the pickle juice, I would be drinking pickle juice right now.
Kevin Gates|I try to make music with emotion and integrity. And authenticity. You can feel when something's authentic, and you can feel when it's not: you know when someone's trying to make the club record, or trying to make the girl record, or trying to make the thug record. It's none of that. It's just my emotions.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Committed: A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage|You can measure the happiness of a marriage by the number of scars that each partner carries on their tongues, earned from years of biting back angry words.
Nicole  Williams, Crash|She shook her head and whispered, "No. No! That can't be true. Impossible!""You think things have to be possible? Things have to be true!
Konstantin Stanislavski|If you have a rifle, hanging on the wall in the first act, it should fire in the last act”.
François de La Rochefoucauld|Those who most obstinately oppose the most widely-held opinions more often do so because of pride than lack of intelligence. They find the best places in the right set already taken, and they do not want back seats.
C. D. C. Reeve|Never offer an oath lightly. For you pledge not only your life and sacred honor, but your people’s honor as well. To break an oath is to be without honor, to be without a spirit, and to be apart from the people.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Avonlea|I'm so glad you're here, Anne,' said Miss Lavendar, nibbling at her candy. 'If you weren't I should be blue…very blue…almost navy blue. Dreams and make-believes are all very well in the daytime and the sunshine, but when dark and storm come they fail to satisfy. One wants real things then. But you don't know this…seventeen never knows it. At seventeen dreams do satisfy because you think the realities are waiting for you further on.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Wonderful life, life live to inspired other people.
Radclyffe Hall|You gotta know that People will say a million negative things about you before they mention 1 good thing, don't be surprise if they never said that 1 good thing about you.
Marc Fitten|He built up a situation that was far enough from the truth. It never occurred to him that Helen was to blame. He forgot the intensity of their talk, the charm that had been lent him by sincerity, the magic of Oniton under darkness and of the whispering river. Helen loved the absolute. Leonard had been ruined absolutely, and had appeared to her as a man apart, isolated from the world. A real man, who cared for adventure and beauty, who desired to live decently and pay his way, who could have travelled more gloriously through life than the Juggernaut car that was crushing him.
Paul Auster, Moon Palace|Let us make a special effort to stop communicating with each other, so we can have some conversation.
Courtney B. Vance|This is how I feel about horror films: there's enough scary things that happen in day-to-day life. Sometimes just going and getting the mail is scary, when you open your bills. And so, sometimes I feel like scary movies are just tapping into those anxieties and magnifying them.
Chuck Norris|Some people can be president, some people can speak, some people, you know, anything that's positive, man - a dentist, a doctor. Just hang in there and never give up, and find out what is your talent. First you got to find your talent and just stick with your talent, and I guarantee you'll get there, man.
Visar Zhiti, The Condemned Apple: Selected Poetry|Only one comment seemed to perfectly fit her current situation. “I see dead people.”He leaned forward hands on his hips. “Me too. It’s the only explanation for what’s standing in front of me. Unless some high school kids broke into the anatomy closet and stole the classroom skeleton, stretched some cadaver skin over that bitch then cast an ancient ritual to animate it.” She laughed. For as much as she now disliked the bastard she had to admit he was amusing. “Did they do the same to that shit you’re wearing? You do realize it’s 2008 right?” She raised a hand. “Wait let me see if I can reach you using your own language. You do ken ‘tis year of our Lord two thousand and eight aye?
