Sunday Adelaja|Once you make up your mind to be obedient to God, He will fight for you
Vivienne Westwood|In fact, my courage and my bravery at a young age was the thing I was bullied for, a kind of 'Who do you think you are?'
Shawn Mendes|I like crafts that come out of poverty or necessity. There used to be hobby shops where you'd get your supplies, and then you'd use your imagination.
Roberto Bolaño, 2666|I got a statistic for you right now. Grab your pencil, Doug. There are five billion trees in the world. I looked it up. Under every tree is a shadow, right? So, then, what makes night? I'll tell you: shadows crawling out from under five billion trees! Think of it! Shadows running around in the air, muddying the waters you might say. If only we could figure a way to keep those darn five billion shadows under those trees, we could stay up half the night, Doug, because there'd be no night!
Jojo Moyes, Paris for One|I have always had a weakness for footnotes. For me a clever or a wicked footnote has redeemed many a text. And I see that I am now using a long footnote to open a serious subject - shifting in a quick move to Paris, to a penthouse in the Hotel Crillon. Early June. Breakfast time. The host is my good friend Professor Ravelstein, Abe Ravelstein. My wife and I, also staying at the Crillon, have a room below, on the sixth floor. She is still asleep. The entire floor below ours (this is not absolutely relevant but somehow I can't avoid mentioning it) is occupied just now by Michael Jackson and his entourage. He performs nightly in some vast Parisian auditorium. Very soon his French fans will arrive and a crowd of faces will be turned upward, shouting in unison, 'Miekell Jack-sown'. A police barrier holds the fans back. Inside, from the sixth floor, when you look down the marble stairwell you see Michael's bodyguards. One of them is doing the crossword puzzle in the 'Paris Herald'.
Taylor Rhodes, Sixteenth Notes: The Breaking of the Rose-Colored Glasses|First time I got the full sight of Shug Avery long black body with it black plum nipples, look like her mouth, I thought I had turned into a man
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|It seemed possible to me, in the dry heat of that courtroom, that heaven was a metaphor for the grace of perspective you get when you die
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|There was quite a lot of competitiveness about it, with everybody wanting to beat not only cancer itself, but also the other people in the room. Like, I realize that this is irrational, but when they tell you that you have, say, a 20 percent chance of living five years, the math kicks in and you figure that’s one in five . . . so you look around and think, as any healthy person would: I gotta outlast four of these bastards.
Archibald MacLeish|For the senior officers in Iraq, at least in 2005-2006, the responsibility was to the men at the top, the media, the message, the public back home - anything and everything, it seemed, but the soldiers under their command. And that's the ultimate betrayal of Iraq, the one that disillusioned me in Baghdad and Nineveh and keeps me outraged today.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|If it is only one thing in life that you have or allowed to discover, then it must be your significance.
H.A. Dorfman|Self-discipline is a form of freedom. Freedom from laziness and lethargy, freedom from expectations and demands of others, freedom from weakness and fear -- and doubt.
Morgan Matson, Amy & Roger's Epic Detour|I'd found out that if you pushed people away hard enough, they tended to go.
T.L. Rese|Do what you love, especially if your sharing the word
Michael Delaware, Scary Elephant Meets the Closet Monster|Human beings are no damn good,” he said. “We are even worse than animals. We like ...”He trailed off, cleared his throat, but his voice hardly reached a whisper.“We like monsters,” he said.
D.H. Lawrence|The days go by, through the brief silence of winter, when the sunshine is so still and pure, like iced wine, and the dead leaves gleam brown, and water sounds hoarse in the ravines.
Alexander Pope, The Dunciad|While pensive poets painful vigils keep,Sleepless themselves, to give their readers sleep.
Thich Nhat Hanh|Have no fear of moving into the unknown. Simply step out fearlessly knowing that I am with you, therefore no harm can befall you; all is very, very well. Do this in complete faith and confidence.
Frederick Douglass|Ah, if he had ever been a slave he would have known how difficult it was to trust a white man.
Kate Sweeney, Away From the Dawn|Sticks and stones may break your bones, but I will surely kill you.
Salman Rushdie|Only the foolish, blinded by language's conventions, think of fire as red or gold. Fire is blue at it's melancholy rim, green in it's envious heart. It may burn white, or even, in it's greatest rages, black.
Dennis Lehane|Happiness doesn't lie in conspicuous consumption and the relentless amassing of useless crap. Happiness lies in the person sitting beside you and your ability to talk to them. Happiness is clear-headed human interaction and empathy. Happiness is home. And home is not a house-home is a mythological conceit. It is a state of mind. A place of communion and unconditional love. It is where, when you cross its threshold, you finally feel at peace.
Krystal Sutherland, Our Chemical Hearts|I can’t lie to you and tell you that standing in front of someone and offering them your soul and having them reject you is not gonna be one of the worst things that ever happens to you. You will wonder for days or weeks or months or years afterward what it is about you that was so wrong or broken or ugly that they couldn’t love you the way you loved them. You will look for all the reasons inside yourself that they didn’t want you and you will find a million.Maybe it was the way you looked in the mornings when you first woke up and hadn’t showered. Maybe it was the way you were too available, because despite what everyone says, playing hard to get is still attractive.Some days you will believe that every atom of your being is defective somehow. What you need to remember, as I remembered as I watched Grace Town leave, is that you are extraordinary.
Angie karan|Integrity, undivided loyalty, love. The pure in heart have a special blessing. Because there is no limit to how good life can become.
Julie Anne Peters, Keeping You a Secret|To come to know that nothing is good, nothing is bad, is a turning point; it is a conversion. You start looking in; the outside reality loses meaning. The social reality is a fiction, a beautiful drama; you can participate in it, but then you don’t take it seriously. It is just a role to be played; play it as beautifully, as efficiently, as possible. But don’t take it seriously, it has nothing of the ultimate in it.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|It is imperative that you grow, because your personal growth and development is one of the most important things to you. Your growth is good for you – it must be deliberate.
Jimmy Carter|The word experience is like a shrapnel shell, and bursts into a thousand meanings.
Sarah  Sullivan, All That's Missing|She wouldn't climb out of the bed for her sister, but she had climbed into a crater. She wouldn't cross a room, but she had crossed a continent.
L.M. Fields|I will either find a way, or make one.
Robert Scoble|Cognitive psychology has shown that the mind best understands facts when they are woven into a conceptual fabric, such as a narrative, mental map, or intuitive theory. Disconnected facts in the mind are like unlinked pages on the Web: They might as well not exist.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|God has given every man, 120 years of life on earth. It yours to possess.
Venugopal Gupta|It is an adherent condition of human affairs that no intention, however sincere, of protecting the interests of others can make it safe or salutary to tie up their own hands. Still more obviously true is it, that by their own hands only can any positive and durable improvement of their circumstances in life be worked out.
Emily Brontë, Devoirs de Bruxelles|At that moment the universe appeared to me a vast machine constructed only to produce evil. I almost doubted the goodness of God, in not annihilating man on the day he first sinned. "The world should have been destroyed," I said, "crushed as I crush this reptile which has done nothing in its life but render all that it touches as disgusting as itself." I had scarcely removed my foot from the poor insect when, like a censoring angel sent from heaven, there came fluttering through the trees a butterfly with large wings of lustrous gold and purple. It shone but a moment before my eyes; then, rising among the leaves, it vanished into the height of the azure vault. I was mute, but an inner voice said to me, "Let not the creature judge his Creator; here is a symbol of the world to come. As the ugly caterpillar is the origin of the splendid butterfly, so this globe is the embryo of a new heaven and a new earth whose poorest beauty will infinitely exceed your mortal imagination. And when you see the magnificent result of that which seems so base to you now, how you will scorn your blind presumption, in accusing Omniscience for not having made nature perish in her infancy.God is the god of justice and mercy; then surely, every grief that he inflicts on his creatures, be they human or animal, rational or irrational, every suffering of our unhappy nature is only a seed of that divine harvest which will be gathered when, Sin having spent its last drop of venom, Death having launched its final shaft, both will perish on the pyre of a universe in flames and leave their ancient victims to an eternal empire of happiness and glory.
Kirsty Logan, The Gracekeepers|When people are cruel it's often said that they have no heart, only a cold space or lump of ice in their chest. This was never true of Avalon. She had no heart, everyone knew, but there was nothing cold about her. In her chest burned an enormous coal, white-hot, brighter than the North Star. North knew the truth about Avalon: she was made of fire, and she would burn them all.
Joseph Heller|I write this in the moonlight, straining my ears to hear beyond the cold mechanical clock to the warm biological noises of the night, but my being is attuned only to one thing, the relentless rhythm of time.If I could only smash the clock and stop time from advancing! Crush the infernal machine! Shatter its bland face and rip those cursed hands from their torturous axis of circumscription! I can almost feel the sturdy metal body crumpling beneath my hands, the glass fracturing, the case cracking open, my fingers digging into the guts, spilling springs and delicate gearing. But now, there is now use, now way of stopping time.
Jay Woodman|God is never in a hurry, but he is always on time.
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|Mr. Wopsle's great-aunt kept an evening school in the village; that is to say, she was a ridiculous old woman of limited means and unlimited infirmity, who used to go to sleep from six to seven every evening, in the society of youth who paid two pence per week each, for the improving opportunity of seeing her do it.
Estelle Maskame, Did I Mention I Need You?|That's the thing about distance: It either gives you time to move on form someone, or it makes you realize just how much you need them.
Earl Devere|Page 158: 'Architecture is team work,' said Sinan. 'Apprenticeship is not.''Why don't you want us to look at each other's drawings? ' Jahan once asked.'Because you'll compare. If you think you are better than the others, you'll be poisoned by hubris. If you think another's better, poisoned by envy. Either way, it is poison.
Mark Twain, Letters from the Earth: Uncensored Writings|After a long time and many questions, Satan said, "The spider kills the fly, and eats it; the bird kills the spider and eats it; the wildcat kills the goose; the -- well, they all kill each other. It is murder all along the line. Here are countless multitudes of creatures, and they all kill, kill, kill, they are all murderers. And they are not to blame, Divine One?
Malcolm X|Sometimes I wish that I could go into a time machine right now and just look at my self and say, 'Calm down. Things are gonna be fine. Things are gonna be all great. Just relax.'
Winston S. Churchill|You make all kinds of mistakes, but as long as you are generous and true and also fierce, you cannot hurt the world or even seriously distress her.
Nathaniel Branden|Chances are, when you were young, you were told, in effect, "Listen, kid, here is the news: life is not about you. Life is not about what you want. What you want is not important. Life is about doing what others expect of you." If you accepted this idea, later on you wondered what had happened to your fire. Where had your enthusiasm for living gone?
Gordon H. Clark, Religion, Reason & Revelation|[Pertaining to The Law of Free Will and Karma]: Disputing traditional cause and effect karmic doctrine, Kuan Yin maintains that it is the accumulated beliefs from parallel realities creating “made-up stories” about oneself and, thus, reality. Because of this quantum factor, we have absolute Free Will to attract optimum realities from infinite, simultaneous Evolutionary Potentials. Thus, according to Kuan Yin, where and how skillfully one focuses their intention and attention can determine an outcome.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|Sometimes in life, it has to be enough to be proud of yourself, even if no one else notices.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|Sow the seeds of hard work and you will reap the fruits of success. Find something to do, do it with all your concentration. You will excel.Show the world you are not here to just pass through. Leave great footprints wherever you pass and be remembered for the change you initiated.Flow wherever you go. You can’t be limited. Dare to rise above all limitations and become better than you were. Strive to arrive at the top.Glow wherever you go and let the light of God reflect in the world around you. You carry the light of God and wherever you pass, darkness must flee.Grow your talents and skills through a consistent practice and progressive learning. Learn to relearn and unlearn. Raise the bar for yourself always.Blow out all negative attitudes and live true to your dreams. Talks less and act more. Be confident and see yourself wining even before the victory comes.Know God and let Him be known. You were saved by grace for greater works apportioned for you even before you were born. Share the good news.I am proud of you because greater things that eyes have not seen yet, the Lord will do through you.
Bil Keane|It is time to remember that old wisdom our soldiers will never forget: that whether we are black or brown or white, we all bleed the same red blood of patriots, we all enjoy the same glorious freedoms, and we all salute the same great American Flag.
R. Alan Woods, The Journey Is The Destination: A Photo Journal|Jesus said, 'Enter into My rest' and let God do what He does best
Jaye Frances, Redemption|As she descended below the floor level of the loft, her former partner in juvenile crime was revealed to her from scuffed paniolo boots, up a long, muscled body that appeared to go on forever, to a venerable black Stetson. His cowboy look was new to her and it suited him. When she backtracked to his Hawaiian-sky blue eyes, she swayed under the impact and abruptly sat down. Any stair step would do." Noelani Beecham, Pele's Tears
Idowu Koyenikan, Wealth for All Africans: How Every African Can Live the Life of Their Dreams|To dream of success is to set a goal of where you want to be; to wake up, take action, and achieve it is what true success is all about.
Roberto Bolaño, 2666|If it was true that all effort led to a vast abyss, she had two recommendations to begin with, first, not to cheat people, and, second, to treat them properly. Beyond that, there was room for discussion.
Lewis Mumford|Another principle that I believe can be justified by scientific evidence so far is that nobody is going to emigrate from this planet not ever....It will be far cheaper, and entail no risk to human life, to explore space with robots. The technology is already well along....the real thrill will be in learning in detail what is out there...It is an especially dangerous delusion if we see emigration into space as a solution to be taken when we have used up this planet....Earth, by the twenty-second century, can be turned, if we so wish, into a permanent paradise for human beings...
Charles L. Bailey Jr., In the Shadow of the Cross|As I let it out, layer by layer, Dr. Driscoll helped with the bumps and valleys. He knew just how much to draw out of me and how much I could handle. He is such an expert in his profession. He told me that the guilt I was feeling was not guilt, but regret. Guilt is a good thing. It is a mechanism by which we shouldn't make the same mistake twice. If you do something questionable, then the next chance you get to do it, guilt should stop you. I had no guilt. I had regrets, many regrets, but no guilt. It took some convincing, but he prevailed. There was always a nagging in my head, that if only I had had the guts to kill Neary myself, it would have stopped him from harming others, but that was not to be as a small boy. It does hurt that, maybe, just maybe, if I had carried out one of my many plans to kill him and myself then I could have saved victims younger than I. As victims come forward from almost all the churches where he served—and some are twenty—five plus years my junior—I feel that they would have been spared, if only I hadn't chickened out as a boy. Therein lies the answer; I was a little boy, a ten—year—old boy. Other victims of Neary were as young as six.
Paula Abdul|When I'm on my own, I can be negative. I need my friends and family around to help pick me up if I've had a bad qualifying session. I think insecurity plagues a lot of sportspeople.
Steph Bowe, Girl Saves Boy|Embracing an attitude of gratitude is nourishing to the soul. When we allow ourselves to be engulfed in gratitude, this abundant soul nourishment overflows to your relationships, careers, and day to day lives. Act in gratitude today… If you are grateful to those you love, show them. If you are grateful to those who have helped you, show them. If you are grateful to your creator, to your family, to your friends, and you want it to be known, let it be shown!
Chloé Danielo|She was our guardian angel. Lucy saved us from mystery. Without her, our marriage would be ruined. Her disappearance created an open wound that we can't fix but the most devasting reality is probably the fact that her body will never be found. She is a living ghost in Wilmington, North Carolina.
Anne Fortier, Juliet|But he is an Italian," was Umberto's sensible reply. "He doesn't care if you break some law a little bit, as long as you wear beautiful shoes. Are you wearing beautiful shoes? Are you wearing the shoes I gave you?...principessa?"I looked down at my flip-flops. "I guess I'm toast.
Charles Hazlewood|You can't just count on becoming a syndicated cartoonist. I actually tried to calculate the odds once, and the best I could come up with is a 1-in-36,000 chance. And the odds of getting hit by lightning are 1 in 7,900 - which kind of shows how long those odds are.
Naomi Shihab Nye|The art of war is simple enough. Find out where your enemy is. Get at him as soon as you can. Strike him as hard as you can, and keep moving on.
Matty Healy|After reading someone you love, wait at least an hour before starting to write
Sherry Thomas, The Perilous Sea|All right, my hope—but I am not saying the rest of it—I have something you need to feel.”She feigned the sound of outrage. “But we barely know each other, sir!”He laughed softly. “But you must hold it in your hand and feel it change,” he urged, in her ear. “I insist. I can wait no longer.”She knew they were on a serious subject, but the flutter of his breath on her skin, the low drawl of his words—heat raced along all her nerve endings. “Will I like it?”“Well, I do have to apologize for its size. It is rather small.” And with that, he pressed something rather small into her hand.
Stephanie Osborn, The Case of the Displaced Detective: The Arrival|That’s our cue,” Dr. Chadwick noted, managing to approximate a cheerful smile, addressing the room at large. “Everyone please stand behind the yellow line until the doors open. No food, drink, flash photography, or video cameras are permitted. Once aboard the ride, please keep your hands and arms inside the vehicle at all times until we come to a full and complete stop. Otherwise, they’re apt to end up in another universe somewhere without ya, and wouldn’t that fry your noggin?
Rosita Forbes|The curly red lines across the African deserts had the fascination of a magnet, and I hoped fervently that the pioneers who were writing their names over the blank spaces, would leave just one small desert for me.
George Gabriel Stokes|As for methods I have sought to give them all the rigour that one requires in geometry, so as never to have recourse to the reasons drawn from the generality of algebra.
Olivia Cunning, Backstage Pass|If you can fix a problem with money, it's not really a problem.
William R. Forstchen, One Second After|She'd always talk about how great Gandhi was. I'd tell her the only reason Gandhi survived after his first protest was that he was dealing with the Brits. If Stalin had been running India, he'd of been dead in a second, his name forgotten.
Admiral Grace Hopper|You manage things, you lead people.
Sunday Adelaja|Usually, when people get an idea, they are eager to start acting immediately, immerse themselves in the process without creating a system of actions, without being knowledgeable of the matter, without analyzing and estimating everything beforehand
Kenneth Eade, HOA Wire|Walking’s a great way to create. The ideas seem to fall from the sky sometimes, and the fresh air is great too.
Alaya Dawn Johnson, Zombies Vs. Unicorns|If you want to go foraging into the wilds of Canada without proper gear, you deserve what you get, even if that happens to include being attacked by an undead moose.
Phil Mitchell, A Bright New Morning: An American Story|The most important parts of building a family are "God's Love" and "Meaningful Friendships.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|Standing on the defensive indicates insufficient strength; attacking, a superabundance of strength.
Elizabeth Wayland Barber, Women's Work: The First 20,000 Years Women, Cloth, and Society in Early Times|Can you please tell me who you people are?""Criminals. Offenders. Monsters. We've all been imprisoned in Tartarus for discretions committed against the gods of Olympus."~ Hope/Daedalus, The River Styx
Quincy Jones|As a child, I was aware of the widely-held attitude that the ocean is so big, so resilient that we could use the sea as the ultimate place to dispose of anything we did not want, from garbage and nuclear wastes to sludge from sewage to entire ships that had reached the end of their useful life.
Jennifer Niven, All The Bright Places|Were you planning to jump off?"“Not on pizza day. Never on pizza day, which is one of the better days of the week.” I should mention that I am a brilliant deflector.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Our world today desperately hungers for hope, and yet uncounted people have almost given up. There is despair and hopelessness on every hand. Let us be faithful in proclaiming the hope that is in Jesus!
Rohinton Mistry, A Fine Balance|It was like this blackness that crept into the corners of my life until everything was grey and dirty. My insides felt burnt out, like if you cut me open, all you would find would be smoke. No heart. No bones. There was nothing left, just the anger. It followed me everywhere. It sat on my bed and watched me sleep and when I had to eat, it looked at me across the table.
Cassandra Giovanni|God is an idea, the devil is us.
Shai Tubali|Only absolute simplicity can resolve a horrible complication; only a state free from psychology can heal psychological connections, and only a lucid brain can let go of a compulsive thought.
Tony Kushner, Angels in America|Harper: In your experience of the world. How do people change?Mormon Mother: Well it has something to do with God so it's not very nice.God splits the skin with a jagged thumbnail from throat to belly and then plunges a huge filthy hand in, he grabs hold of your bloody tubes and they slip to evade his grasp but he squeezes hard, he insists, he pulls and pulls till all your innards are yanked out and the pain! We can't even talk about that. And then he stuffs them back, dirty, tangled and torn. It's up to you to do the stitching. Harper: And then up you get. And walk around.Mormon Mother: Just mangled guts pretending.Harper: That's how people change.
Ravi Zacharias|He sounded like he was used to people swearing at him, which made no damnedsense, because he was gorgeous and a hero.
George Harrison|If you look over the years, the styles have changed - the clothes, the hair, the production, the approach to the songs. The icing to the cake has changed flavors. But if you really look at the cake itself, it's really the same.
Delia James, A Familiar Tail|I could say the last of my doubts about taking the house vanished right there, but it wouldn’t be true. They did, however, close their suitcases and check the bus schedule.
Laura Marling|I joined the air force. I took to it immediately when I arrived there. I did three years, eight months, and ten days in all, but it took me a year and a half to get disabused of my romantic notions about it.
Jackie Braun, Love Unleashed|He ate one of my bras.”“Ah. I see. Which one?”“An underwire,” she mumbled.“The black lacey one from Victoria’s Secret?”She folded her arms. “That would be the one.”Well, no one could fault the dog’s taste, Gid thought. Thatstingy bit of lace had always looked plenty appetizing to him, too.He forced his mind back to the matter at hand.
Naomi Wolf, The Beauty Myth|We conceived of the planet as female, an all-giving Mother Nature, just as we conceived of the female body, infinitely alterable by and for man; we serve both ourselves and our hopes for the planet by insisting on a new female reality on which to base a new metaphor for the earth: the female body with its own organic integrity that must be respected.
Stephen Bayley|Another belief of mine; that everyone else my age is an adult, whereas I am merely in disguise.
Suzanne Collins, Catching Fire|Shame isn't a strong enough word for what I feel. "You could live a hundred lifetimes and not deserve him, you know," Haymitch says.
Stanley Fish, How to Write a Sentence: And How to Read One|Dig deep and go where the pain and fear and joy are, and put it out there. The minute you shy away from pure honesty in your writing, you become a liar.
Nirja|Whenever you get such repulsive and destructive thoughts, always remember that there are more people in this world who love you unconditionally than the years of life you have lived.
Elizabeth George, Prayers to Calm Your Heart: Finding the Path to More Peace and Less Stress|Prayer enables you to tap into God’s wisdom anywhere, anytime, no matter what’s going on.
Ernesto Bertarelli|Capitalism does not permit an even flow of economic resources. With this system, a small privileged few are rich beyond conscience, and almost all others are doomed to be poor at some level. That's the way the system works. And since we know that the system will not change the rules, we are going to have to change the system.
Abigail Roux, Fish & Chips|Be brave, be victorious
Elizabeth Carlton, Chivalry's Code|No zek had the right to stay one second in his workroom without the supervision of a free employee because prudence dictated that the prisoner would be bound to use that unsupervised second to break into the steel safe with a lead pencil, photograph its secret documents with a trouser button, explode an atom bomb, and fly to the moon.
Raja Rao, Kanthapura: Indian Novel|O fire, O soulGive us the spark of God-eternal,That friend to friend and friend to foe,One shall we stand before HIM.And the flame of Jatin,And the fire of Bhagath,And the love of the Mahatma in all,O, lift the flag high,Lift the flag high,This is the flag of the Revolution.
Elyne Mitchell|A long shaft of light came down from the sun behind the clouds and fell on the rearing, striking horses so that Thowra was the glittering foam on a waterfall, was quicksilver held for a dazzling moment in the shape of a horse, but a horse that was never still
Simone Elkeles|Tell me what we had was real, I whisper.
Doc Hastings|In remembering those who lost their lives in the London attacks and the September 11th attacks we continue our commitment to fighting for freedom, democracy and justice.
Catherine Doyle, Inferno|The whole point of being a good friend is being in the darkness. I’ll be your light, until you can be it yourself again.
Jeff VanderMeer, Annihilation|Captain Vimes believed in logic, in much the same way as a man in a desert believed in ice -- i.e., it was something he really needed, but this just wasn't the world for it.
Julie Clinton|I still wake longing for your touchSkin open wound rawbecause I was told that's the only way to heal.I couldn't tame youyou weren't meant for domesticationmeant to roam freebut I still rememberthe first time you said "I love you"a whisper barely audibleafraid of choking on your wordsor mineyou preferred me voicelessblank stare submissiveswallowing back years of lost timewaiting for you to change.
William Feather|I never liked you, and I always will.
Helen Sharman|People are fascinated by space flight. It makes them interested in science, gets them asking questions and motivates them.
John of Kronstadt, My Life in Christ: Moments of Spiritual Serenity and Contemplation, of Reverent Feeling, of Earnest Self-Amendment, and of Peace in God: Extracts from the Diary of St. John of Kronstadt|So it's a strife here, in a way, between position—between the CEO and the top salesman; between the principal and the best teacher; between Miller Huggins, the manager, and Babe Ruth, the best baseball player who ever lived; between the person who can really do it, and the person who is in charge. Those are incommensurable excellences, and then and now they often come into conflict. So here—that is the rage within the rage, the conflict within the conflict, that Homer is interested in chronicling.
Diogenes|Music must take rank as the highest of the fine arts - as the one which, more than any other, ministers to the human spirit.
Igor Luksic|I do not mean to say that we should, or could, return to traditional nomadic economies. I do mean to say that there are systems of knowledge and grand poetical schemata derived from the mobile life that it would be foolish to disregard or underrate. And mad to destroy.
Jim Thompson, Pop. 1280|Libertarianism holds that the only proper role of violence is to defend person and property against violence, that any use of violence that goes beyond such just defense is itself aggressive, unjust, and criminal
Thomas Mann|For even if we know very little that is certain about spirit or soul, the true nature of the body, of materiality, is totally unknown and incomprehensible to us.
Russell T. Davies|There's one thing you don't put in a trap, if you're smart, if you value your continued existance, if you have any plans about seeing tomorrow, there is one thing you never ever put in a trap.And what would that be sir?Me
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Scholars postulate that the only thing that does not change is the every varying world. Other renowned thinkers postulate that the natural state of all things is to remain the same. Perhaps both propositions are vital. Perhaps it is normal to resist change because it threatens our present state of being. Perhaps it is natural to attempt to preserve the status quo because we are part of the external world and we wish to persevere, not expire. Perhaps it is inevitable that we all change. The natural forces are impossible to blunt.
Holly Goldberg Sloan, I'll Be There|For him and his brother, he now knew, that music was real. Becuase all you had to do, really, was be willing to use your imagination. And listen.
Campbell R. McConnell, Economics|... economists recognize that, other things equal, cuts in tax rates reduce tax revenues in percentage terms by less than the tax-rate reductions. Similarly, tax-rate increases do not raise tax revenues by as much in percentage terms as the tax-rate increases. This is true because changes in marginal tax rates alter taxpayer behavior and thus affect taxable income.
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|I lost my beautiful mind with a nasty lady,i give her the true pure of love and she gives me a slow poison of death
Deborah Blake, Wickedly Wonderful|Marcus gave her a slow, wicked smile, feeling the smoldering heat rise to the surface like molten lava, irresistible as a force of nature. "If you insist," he whispered, and bent his head to capture her lips with his own. He put all his yearning, all his gratitude for the gifts she'd given him, all that heat bubbling up within him into the kiss, feeling her lips yield beneath his.She returned his fire with fire, kissing him back with a wild abandon that left them both trembling and enraptured, wrapped around each other in the midst of a crowd, focused only on each other.Overhead, fireworks lit the sky, but neither of them noticed.
Timothy Moran, The Twelve Messages of the Spiritual Heart: A Novel of Transformation|Once you are able to move beyond the concept of time, so too will you move beyond having any judging or condemning thoughts or feelings about any being, situation or event. When you have nothing to measure the successes and failures of you or anyone else against, then the perfection of each moment will be revealed to you consistently and with unwavering beauty.
Harriet Beecher Stowe|In Tom's hurried exchange, he had not forgotten to transfer his cherished Bible to his pocket. It was well he did so; for Mr. Legree, having refitted Tom's handcuffs, proceeded deliberately to investigate the contents of his pockets. He drew out a silk handkerchief, and put it into his own pocket. Several little trifles, which Tom had treasured, chiefly because they had amused Eva, he looked upon with a contemptuous grunt, and tossed them over his shoulder into the river. Tom's Methodist hymn-book, which, in his hurry, he had forgotten, he now held up and turned over. "Humph! pious, to be sure. So, what's yer name,—you belong to the church, eh?" "Yes, Mas'r," said Tom, firmly. "Well, I'll soon have that out of you. I have none o' yer bawling, praying, singing niggers on my place; so remember. Now, mind yourself," he said, with a stamp and a fierce glance of his gray eye, directed at Tom, "I'm your church now! You understand,—you've got to be as I say." Something within the silent black man answered No! and, as if repeated by an invisible voice, came the words of an old prophetic scroll, as Eva had often read them to him,—"Fear not! for I have redeemed thee. I have called thee by my name. Thou art MINE!
Jacqueline Carey, Kushiel's Avatar|We pay for sins we do not remember, and seek to do a will we can scarce fathom. That is what it is, to be a god's chosen. 
Fulton J. Sheen|To me, the single biggest mark of the amateur writer is a sense of hurry.Hurry to finish a manuscript, hurry to edit it, hurry to publish it. It’s definitely possible to write a book in a month, leave it unedited, and watch it go off into the world and be declared a masterpiece. It happens every fifty years or so.For the rest of us, the single greatest ally we have is time. There’s no page of prose in existence that its author can’t improve after it’s been in a drawer for a week. The same is true on the macro level – every time I finish a story or a book, I try to put it away and forget it for as long as I can. When I return, its problems are often so obvious and easy to fix that I’m amazed I ever struggled with them.Amateur writers are usually desperate to be published, as soon as possible. And I understand that feeling – you just want it to start, your career, your next book, whatever. But I wonder how many self-published novels might have had a chance at getting bought, and finding more readers, if their authors had a bit more patience with them?
Lawrence Ferlinghetti, Poetry as Insurgent Art|They say she is too much to handle, but when the moon pulls the tide and the wolves howl her name, blessed are the ones who have been taken by her wild.
Susie Orbach|I am turned into a dream. I feel nothing, or I don't know what I feel. Yet it seems to me I am happy.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|What I find disturbing in America is the consuming desire for leisure, convenience, and fun. It seems we, as a nation, have traded God for gadgets. We have traded eternal truth for momentary self-gratification—worshipping false gods of materialism and humanism instead of the Creator of all things.
Nietzche Friedrich|There are no facts, only interpretations”“Truth is merely the final illusion” – Nietzsche (2003)Let this not stop us from being faithful to humanity andLoyal to our own duty to be spiritually human. Living within the ethic of reciprocity, or the Golden Rule, Will help us all achieve this goal.
Ludwig Wittgenstein, Culture and Value|The truly apocalyptic view of the world is that things do not repeat themselves. It isn’t absurd, e.g., to believe that the age of science and technology is the beginning of the end for humanity; that the idea of great progress is delusion, along with the idea that the truth will ultimately be known; that there is nothing good or desirable about scientific knowledge and that mankind, in seeking it, is falling into a trap. It is by no means obvious that this is not how things are.
Ayn Rand|Anyone who fights for the future, lives in it today.
Robin Sloan, Ajax Penumbra 1969|Isn't it obvious in in today's world from people's preoccupation with self-medication, drug and alcohol use, rationalization and avoidance distraction that the truth doesn't just hurt, it's extremely painful.
Nicole  Williams, Crash|Your whole world ceases to exist and you're nothing but a shell of a person you once were. Your mom has dealt with it her way, me in mine, and you in yours," he said, lifting his hand off of John's gravestone and rising. "Your mom hates the world, I avoid it, and you try to save it.
Susanna Kaysen, Girl, Interrupted|I wasn't convinced I was crazy, though I feared I was. Some people say that having any conscious opinion on the matter is a mark of sanity, but I'm not sure that's true. I still think about it. I'll always have to think about it.
Steve Alten, The Loch|Look on the happy side, think of the good things. Hadn't it been clever? Yes, it had.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|I know I'm good but I'm also a poser. That's artistic balance! In the second half of the century, "authenticity" would be what you made of it, a hall of mirrors. Put on the work shirt, young man. No big deal. As you get older, it won't concern you. It's just the lay of the land. In your youth, however, you are easy prey for the many tricks of the mind. At this moment, I know my mid is not at its most centered. I can tell because I'm afraid, and that's not my style; I don't need to be, but I am.
Katie McGarry, Dare You To|I need you.""I'm here."And we sit in silence.
Mikey Campling, Trespass|It was the dog Abel, who - as animals have been reported to do - had made his way over all England's hills and rivers, to return to that home where he was first kindly treated. The warm fire, by which he sleeps even now, and the fattening dish will be his rewards to the end of his days.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie|Until he (Time's founder Henry Luce) arrived, news was crime and politics.
Andrew Peterson, On the Edge of the Dark Sea of Darkness|When heaven joins the battle against you, who could stand?
Whitney Johnson, Disrupt Yourself: Putting the Power of Disruptive Innovation to Work|In discovery- driven planning, learning is the essential unit of progress. A course correction isn’t equivalent to failure, it’s an opportunity to re-calibrate so you can move more quickly up the learning curve.
H. Norman Wright|In marriage, each partner is to be an encourager rather than a critic; a forgiver rather than a collector of hurts; an enabler rather than a reformer.
Ellen G. White|It is labor that keeps the strong man strong. And spiritual labor, toil and burden-bearing, is what will give strength to the church of Christ.
Chila Woychik, On Being a Rat and Other Observations|Lost in New York City. Not that I don't know where I am, but rather perplexed as to where I am going.
Lady Gregory|The fundamental idea which defines a human being as a Muslim is the declaration of faith: that there is a creator, whom we call God - or Allah, in Arabic - and that the creator is one and single. And we declare this faith by the declaration of faith, where we... bear witness that there is no God but God.
Maggie Stiefvater, Shiver|I wanted to grab his stupid ears and smash his stupid head against the door until his stupid brains leaked out. Instead, I did nothing.
Advice my friend gave me|There is one thing you need to do to people who hate you for the way you are and what you do. What's that? The thing you do best. And that would be? Give them hell,and fight back,not violently,but give them reason to not like you.
William George Jordan|Into the hands of every individual is given a marvelous power for good or evil---the silent, unconscious, unseen influence of his life. This is simply the radiation of what man really is, not what he pretends to be.
Reynilyn|I don't know is she loves me anymore, or if she hates me, or if she just don't care one way or the other, she ain't showing a thing to me since. Sooth, friendly, nothing. It's all I deserve after what I did to her.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Hush, Hush|If I got rid of my demons, I’d lose my angels.
Mika Brzezinski|When I wake up on a Monday morning and I realise I don't have to go and work at the civil service, I really think I've won.
Toni Servillo|I didn't really know what to expect, but I thought there aren't a lot of rap groups that can say they have a documentary done about them, so my attitude was like, 'Shoot, why not?' I'm sure there are a lot of people that would like to take our place. I felt like we should all embrace it.
RVM|First, know where you want to go. Then, go where you want to go. You are your own pilot and you can choose your Destination.
Courtney Milan, Proof by Seduction|Jenny: But surely Lord Blakely could not abandon his estates for so long.Gareth: No. Lord Blakely could not. Not unless he had someone he could trust to run his estates in his absence. And Lord Blakely...Well, Lord Blakely did not trust anyone.Jenny: Lord Blakely is talking about himself in the third person, past tense. Its disturbing.
Mehmet Murat ildan|For a cheerful spirit, a dark street is just another bright street!
William Shakespeare|Still, the illusion of love had, in its time, led to stranger depravities.
Richard Hofstadter, Anti-Intellectualism in American Life|We're each other's questions, aren't we? The question that never gets an answer.
Daniel Defoe, Moll Flanders|He look'd a little disorder'd, when he said this, but I did not apprehend any thing from it at that time, believing as it us'd to be said, that they who do those things never talk of them; or that they who talk of such things never do them.
Tom Conrad|There’s a long, uncomfortable silence in which I contemplate what might happen next. Maybe like the villain in a movie, this is where she gives me a long spiel about her hard-up life before she kills me. Not that I totally believe she’s nefarious. Real life isn’t made up of heroes and villains. Just ordinary people making choices they have to live with.
Tippi Hedren|If love is the answer, could you please rephrase the question?
Sunday Adelaja|As soon as a person gives place to the devil in his life, the devil has this person hooked
Trevor Harley|All human behaviour, language, thoughts, feelings, actions, and consciousness emerge from this massively interconnected network of neurons. Each neuron is pretty dumb; it either fires in a certain situation or it doesn’t, but out of this mass dumbness comes great cleverness.
Lindsey Kelk, I Heart New York|If you didn't feel like your support system was strong enough, then getting yourself out of the situation was the best thing to do
Nelson Mandela|Making better choices takes work. There is a daily give and take, but it is worth the effort.
Sharon M. Draper, Out of My Mind|Words have always swirled around me like snowflakes-each one delicate and different, each one melting untouched in my hands.
Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane|I make art, sometimes I make true art, and sometimes it fills the empty places in my life. Some of them. Not all.
Joseph Heller, Catch-22|The enemy," retorted Yossarian with weighted precision, "is anybody who's going to get you killed, no matter which side he's on, and that includes Colonel Cathcart. And don't you forget that, because the longer you remember it, the longer you might live.
Bruce Coville, The Last Hunt|Still, the painful death of that unicorn had been satisfying to watch
Walter Knott|I would hesitate to use the word 'success' in the way many people do. I don't know that I would apply it to what I've done as though I have now reached the ultimate goal. To me success is a continuing thing. It is growth and development. It is achieving one thing and using that as a stepping stone to achieve something else. Success comes as you have confidence in yourself. Self-confidence is built by succeeding, even if the success is small. It is the believing that makes it possible.
Farahad Zama, Not All Marriages are Made in Heaven|Oh, Vasu. People always talk; you have to learn to ignore them.
Henry Miller, The World Of Sex|If even a dog's tooth is truly worshipped it glows with light. The venerated object is endowed with power, that is the simple sense of the ontological proof. And if there is art enough a lie can enlighten us as well as the truth. What is the truth anyway, that truth? As we know ourselves we are fake objects, fakes, bundles of illusions. Can you determine exactly what you felt or thought or did?
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|Without attachment, a naked body is merely a lifeless sex-toy.
Christina Hopp, The Morning After Relapse|Your breaking point will be a bloody refuge, not a clean slate.
Rush Limbaugh|Perhaps religious conscience upsets the designs of those who feel that the highest wisdom and authority comes from government. But from the beginning, this nation trusted in God, not man. Religious liberty is the first freedom in our Constitution.
David Menadue, Positive: Living with HIV/AIDS|Yossarian was moved very deeply by the absolute simplicity of this clause of Catch-22 and let out a respectful whistle.'That's some catch, that Catch-22,' he observed.'It's the best there is,' Doc Daneeka agreed.Yossarian saw it clearly in all its spinning reasonableness. There was an elliptical precision about its perfect pairs of parts that was graceful and shocking, like good modern art, and at times Yossarian wasn't quite sure he saw it at all, just the way he was never quite sure about good modern art or about the flies Orr saw in Appleby's eyes. he had Orr's word to take for Appleby's eyes.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you have inner peace, you can create peace everywhere.
Steven Redhead, Unleash The Power of Your Heart and Mind|Learn to live in the heart’s conscious, not the mind’s.
Ken Poirot|Live your life without ever having to ask, 'What if?
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|When I write, I feel like an armless, legless man with a crayon in his mouth.
Nikola Tesla|War can not be avoided until the physical cause for its recurrence is removed and this, in the last analysis, is the vast extent of the planet on which we live.
Janae Mitchell|Hard core authors are determined about their craft, and they know that building a brand entails hard work. They eat, breathe and live their writing.:
Matt Passmore|To enter upon the marriage union is one of the most deeply important events of life. It cannot be too prayerfully treated. Our happiness, our usefulness, our living for God or for ourselves afterwards, are often most intimately connected with our choice. Therefore, in the most prayerful manner, this choice should be made.
Katie Crouch and Grady Hendrix, The White Glove War|As if I were the funniest, weirdest girl in the world - that's how he used to look at me.
Kelly Corrigan|To tell a tale so great as to tear the soul inside out"Sara Niles, Torn From the Inside Out
Emmanuelle de Maupassant, Cautionary Tales: Voices from the Edges|What’s the old saying? Ah, I remember now. ‘Curiosity flayed the cat alive, ripped it apart limb from limb, and listened to it scream before it killed it.’ That’s the one.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love is free, but priceless.Wisdom is precious, but costless.Faith is gentle, but fearless.Joy is scarce, but limitless.Truth is simple, but matchless.
Chris Hemsworth|The entertainment industry isn't a line of work encouraged in the Persian culture. When I called my dad to say I wanted to quit medicine, there was about three minutes of silence. I'm not sure he knew what to do with himself!
Ama H. Vanniarachchy|I fear the many faces, many personalities in me. Sometimes I fail to understand my self and become deceived by my various selves.
Milan Kundera, The Art of the Novel|As far as I can tell, a young-adult novel is a regular novel that people actually read.
Melissa Bank, The Wonder Spot|Up until that moment, I'd been at the earliest stage of love, when you feel it will turn you into the person you want to be. Now, his gentle voice and sage advice took me to a later stage: I felt I needed to pretend to be a better person than I was so he'd keep loving me. This was hard because it made me hate him.
T.J. Klune, Tell Me It's Real|It was as if God himself saw that my intention was to make my outer self match my inner fabulosity and didn't think the world could handle such an explosion of amazingness. So instead of letting me get to the gym where I would have transformed myself into a walking sex god, he created a Dunkin' Donuts out of nothing and then gave them away for free. I didn't make it to the gym. I had a bear claw instead. And a maple bar. And some donut holes. And then some more donut holes.
Alphonsus Liguori|Keep your faith in God, but keep your powder dry.
Andy Stanley, Enemies of the Heart: Breaking Free from the Four Emotions That Control You|It occurs to me that my thinking has been faulty: we do not feel God's absence. We feel the absence of all that is lost to God, that which has set itself apart and refuses to return, believing itself to be in exile.
Robert Kiyosaki|Enthusiasm is the best protection in any situation. Wholeheartedness is contagious. Give yourself, if you wish to get others.
Rebecca    Lee, Bobcat and Other Stories|Meanwhile, Susan looked carefully into each of our faces. She was actually waiting for us to answer, to give reasons why people fall in love and get married. Nobody knows, I wanted to say. Nobody really knows. But that doesn't mean you're allowed to not do it.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|In one of the stars I shall be living. In one of them I shall be laughing. And so it will be as if all the stars were laughing, when you look at the sky at night . . . You--only you--will have stars that can laugh! ...And when your sorrow is comforted (time soothes all sorrows) you will be content that you have known me. You will always be my friend. You will want to laugh with me. And you will sometimes open your window, so, for that pleasure . . . And your friends will be properly astonished to see you laughing as you look at at the sky! Then you will say to them, 'Yes, the stars always make me laugh!' And they will think you are crazy. It will be a very shabby trick that I shall have played on you . . .
Henrique M. Simões, Trading Course: How to Become a Consistently Winning Trader|In order to win as a contrarian, you need perfect timing and the perfect size.
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|Success is a mind-set. If you think you can’t achieve something, then you won’t but if you believe you can achieve something, then nothing will stand in your way.
Thea Harrison, Spellbinder|Lifting his head, he whispered against her wet, throbbing lips, “Too much?”	Wasn’t that sweet,	Consider even.	But oh, hell no.	She gasped, “Not enough.
Steven J. Carroll, The Road to Jericho|If you always try to measure yourself withmoney... well, it's like counting backwards, the more youkeep on, the less you'll have to show for it.
Ansel Elgort|I like to do special things for people. Any time someone has a birthday, I make them a really special cake that they all seem to love - it's a Coca-Cola cake.
Francois Houle, It Happened to Us|Life can be the worst bully in the world,” Grandpa said and pointed a finger at Mathieu. “And you will stand up to that bully.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|It's freedom of speech, not freedom from consequences and/or ridicule.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Mist and Fury|Even though conditions such as lack of sleep, insufficient food and various mental stresses may suggest that the inmates were bound to react in certain ways, in the final analysis it becomes clear that the sort of person the prisoner became was the result of an inner decision, and not the result of camp influences alone.
Sarah Rees Brennan, The Demon's Covenant|Oh, you need Alan to betray Nick and then you'll steal Nick's powers and kill them both," said Mae. "Great idea. Hey, can i come? I'll bring a picnic lunch if you promise not to let blood get on the sandwiches.
Charles Caleb Colton|I have heard the languages of apocalypse, and now I shall embrace the silence.
LeBron James|I'm having a great time. I get to travel and see the world. And yeah, I'll have a family, because I don't want to miss out on that amazing experience, but it's not defining who I am.
Gena Showalter, The Darkest Kiss|Paris answered for him. "Last time he spread the flashing love, Reyes threw up all over his shirt. I never laughed so hard in my life. Lucien, though, has no sense of humor and vowed never to take us again.""I'm surprised you didn't mention the part where you fainted," Lucien said wryly.Strider chortled. "Oh, man. You fainted? What a baby!""Hey," Paris said, frowning at Lucien. "I told you I hit my head midflash."Lucien
Mehmet Murat ildan|A candle, a book and a peaceful person mean three candles for the world!
David Gemmell, Legend|As if I feared that the scope of what I could feel and imagine was being quietly limited by the world within a world, the internet. The things outside of the web were becoming further from me, and everything inside it seemed piercingly relevant. The blogs of strangers had to be read daily, and people nearby who had no web presence were becoming almost cartoonlike, as if they were missing a dimension. It was just happening, like time, like geography. The web seemed so inherently endless that it didn't occur to me what wasn't there. My appetite for pictures and videos and news and music was so gigantic now that if something was shrinking, something immesurable, how would I notice?...Most of life is offline, and I think it always will be; eating and aching and sleeping and loving happen in the body. But it's not impossible to imagine loosing my appetite for those things; they aren't always easy, and they take so much time.
Lois Tyson|And if an increasingly pluralistic America ever decides to commission a new motto, I’m open for business, because I’ve got a better one than E pluribus unum. Tu dormis, tu perdis . . . You snooze, you lose.
Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility|How do you live with yourself, Lord Arrogant?” “Very easily, Lady Difficult. I find myself quitecharming.
Mike Klepper|Islam will aim to establish itself as the majority in France, Germany, Austria, Sweden, Finland, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom. Any country, in which they successfully establish themselves will serve as their primary base for the invasion of neighbouring countries (such as Switzerland, Liechtenstein, Denmark, Hungary and the Mediterranean)
Graham Greene, The Heart of the Matter|The truth, he thought, has never been of any real value to any human being- it is a symbol for mathematicians and philosophers to pursue. I human relations kindness and lies are worth a thousand truths.
fastestlikes.com|Preacher pulled her gun to her lap, the trigger aimed toward the stranger. . . . He stared at her like he was ready to dial 911, until he saw she was of European heritage, saw her clerical collar, saw the Bible on the dashboard. White, blond, and Christian. Trifecta. The man's shoulders relaxed and he smiled, waved, and kept going.
Albert Einstein|Last year, Yoshino,I walked away bending branchesTo point me to blossoms--Which now are everywhere and I canGo where I've never been before.
Clarice Lispector, The Stream of Life|Real communication is not possible. That is why my message, your perception and your expression shall never be the same.
Voltaire|Despite the enormous quantity of books, how few people read! And if one reads profitably, one would realize how much stupid stuff the vulgar herd is content to swallow every day.
Sheila Jeffreys, Gender Hurts: A Feminist Analysis of the Politics of Transgenderism|Radical feminist theorists do not seek to make gender a bit more flexible, but to eliminate it. They are gender abolitionists, and understand gender to provide the framework and rationale for male dominance. In the radical feminist approach, masculinity is the behaviour of the male ruling class and femininity is the behaviour of the subordinate class of women. Thus gender can have no place in the egalitarian future that feminism aims to create.
Virgil|I quickly dropped my hands and changed the subject. "So those two who visited me the other night. Who were they?" I asked.He smiled, knowingly. "Ares and Aphrodite."Of course, I thought. In fact, I think I had already sort of figured that out. Although in my mind they were still Mr. Scowly Face and Miss Perfect Bitch. I found those the names I had given them much more appropriate
Brianna Wiest|People will come and go as they are scheduled to. Let them. Holding on does not affect them, only you.
Marianne Williamson|Something amazing happens when we surrender and just love. We melt into another world, a realm of power already within us. The world changes when we change. the world softens when we soften. The world loves us when we choose to love the world.
Alaric Hutchinson|We do not want to deny existence. Yet we also do not want to limit existence. Thus, we observe and honor without forming opinion, labeling, or adding a story to the object of our observation.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Search deep within your soul, you will find strength.
Louise Mensch|The topic of leadership is a touchy one. A lot of leaders fail because they don't have the bravery to touch that nerve or strike that chord. Throughout my years, I haven't had that fear.
Donald Trump|Hockey lends itself to special events, including the Olympic competition: a glorious tournament of the best players in the world, putting on their national jerseys and playing on big rinks with no-goon Olympic rules and referee enforcement.
Julie Metz, Perfection: A Memoir of Betrayal and Renewal|Relax. You are beautiful, and everyone wants some of that beauty.
Renae Jones, Perfect Wisdom|The circumstances of our lives are pieces of a larger scheme in the puzzle of life, and in His Perfect Wisdom, the pieces fit.
David Arenson|In a rule-based society, we often choose efficiency over value, but, while rules-based governance systems may often serve well the values of fairness and representation, their seeming efficiency hides a deep and important flaw: We often rely on rules when they are not, in fact, the most efficient or effective solution to getting the result that we desire.
Jane Smiley|When we're young, everyone over the age of thirty looks middle-aged, everyone over fifty antique. And time, as it goes by, confirms that we weren't that wrong. Those little age differentials, so crucial and so gross when we are young erode. We end up all belonging to the same category, that of the non-young. I've never much minded this myself.
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|In life, you can either hate yourself or like yourself. If you choose to hate yourself, your life will be miserable and if you choose to like yourself, there is no limit to what you can accomplish.
Martha Stewart|Having the courage to say no when all your friends are saying yes is one of the most difficult things you'll ever have to do. Doing it, however, is one of the biggest charges you can ever make to your personal battery. I call this 'won't power.'
Andrew Zolli, Resilience: Why Things Bounce Back|Eight weeks of practice in meditation, even with those with no previous experience, was enough reconfigure the brains of participants. The gray matter which fuels worry shrank, and the area associated with healthy thought awareness group.
Dylan Perry, Gods Just Want To Have Fun|Corvid looked up at her. "Oh, hello Doris.""Gertie, dear," she said. "They call me Gertie.""You used to be Doris," Corvid said as a matter of fact."Who?" She seemed unsure of what she was being told."Doris, daughter of Oceanus and Tethys?" Corvid carried on when he saw her blank expression. "You must remember Nereus? Your husband?"Nothing."You gave birth to fifty sea nymphs. I guess sea nymphs come out slippy and hydrodynamic, but even so, fifty of them? That must stick in the memory as the day before you felt really sore for a month or so?"Doris thought about it for a moment. "It does ring a bell. Sorry, who are you?
Germany Kent|Dear God, Thank you for waking me up today and for your everlasting love and never ending mercy and for my blessed day ahead.
Tom Petty|Money makes your life easier. If you're lucky to have it, you're lucky.
Gunter Grass|At first, laws evolved out of religious doctrines. It followed that they were recognized only when advantageous to those who practiced the same religion and who appeared equals under the protection of the same gods. For the members of all other cults, there was neither law nor mercy.
Yvon Chouinard, Let My People Go Surfing: The Education of a Reluctant Businessman|The goal of climbing big, dangerous mountains should be to attain some sort of spiritual and personal growth, but this won’t happen if you compromise away the entire process.
Jewel E. Ann, Scarlet Stone|I am going to sing for you, a little off key perhaps, but I will sing. I will sing while you croak, I will dance over your dirty corpse.
Gwenn Wright, Lipstick & Bolsheviks|You can cower,” she told them in a clear voice, wrapping her long shaking fingers around the cold iron bars. “But I will stand.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Narcissus in Chains|I looked at Micah, who shrugged. I looked at Rafael, who shook his head. Nice that none of us knew why he was undressing.
Clarissa Pinkola Estés, Women Who Run With the Wolves: Myths and Stories of the Wild Woman Archetype|Maturity doesn't mean you stop fighting, you just change the things you fight for.
Kare Anderson, Mutuality Matters How You Can Create More Opportunity, Adventure & Friendship With Others|One man came up to me at a taco stand and said, "I have no idea who you are, but I can see everyone is staring at you, so you must be somebody. I just wanted to tell you that you are not that special. You're no more special than me." I looked at him with a mouth full of food and managed to say, "Thanks. I agree," and promptly asked the waitress for a to go box.
Marguerite Yourcenar, Memoirs of Hadrian|Humanity could be clutching the frail barque of an outmoded world view while the wind of the mind is swaying the stars into very real craft, and out of them is coming… a faint call for help from a lady in a flowered dress.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Mary, it must be remembered, was very nearly of the same age as Frank; but, as I and others have so often said before, 'Women grow on the sunny side of the wall.
Hayley Williams|I learn everyday what it means to love myself, and I'm constantly figuring out what makes me feel empowered.
Stan Jacobs, The Dusk And Dawn Master: A Practical Guide to Transforming Evening and Morning Habits, Achieving Better Sleep, and Mastering Your Life|When the brain’s potential is fully unleashed, there can be few if any limitations. Anyone who tells you otherwise isn’t up-to-date with the latest scientific findings on the brain and is exhibiting their ignorance. For the brain’s potential is the human potential…
Neil Gaiman, Coraline|If a cat spoke, it would say things like 'Hey, I don’t see the problem here.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Finding out that you are not your lover’s only lover hurts, but not as much as discovering that you are the side chick … or the side dick.
Brady Udall, The Lonely Polygamist|I've learned that regardless of your relationship with your parents, you'll miss them when they're gone from your life.
Hanif Kureishi, The Buddha of Suburbia|They had entered the thorny wilderness, and the golden gates of their childhood had for ever closed behind them.
Dorothy Day|The world was in terrible shape, and I'm glad we stood up and said what we believed; but a lot of the time we'd say these beautiful things about justice and fairness and equality, but we weren't so nice to each other. We'd be jealous and we'd gossip, and we'd be moody and difficult and rude and inconsiderate. Why do I say 'we'? I mean I would be all that-- and if at the time I ever came near to knowing what I'd become, I'd dodge, I'd duck, I'd go on the offensive: the terrible Wall Street bankers. Lots of them were terrible-- and so were lots of us.
J.A. Redmerski|She stops chewing and brings the chains on her wrist up to her nose and sniffs. She pulls away with a mild disgusted expression. "Definitely smells like a skank...
Sujish Kandampully|Everybody Communicate, but few Connect.Why? because finding a common ground to build a connection is a matter of knowledge and perception!
Jay Woodman|The good man, though a slave, is free; the wicked, though he reigns, is a slave, and not the slave of a single man, but - what is worse - the slave of as many masters as he has vices.
Terry Goodkind, Stone of Tears|Jim Crow, moreover, was seen executing his world-renowned dance, in gingerbread.
Karen Joy Fowler, We Are All Completely Beside Ourselves|My mother said my father had a drop of dragon blood.”“Two drops. That, or a cock six feet long.
Bill O'Reilly|I love New York. It just reminds me of so many movies... I look up at buildings, and feel like Godzilla should be climbing up them or something.
Freddy Fender|When the heart speaks, its language is the same under all latitudes.
Tim Fargo|Never give up your right to be wrong, and be sure to give others that right too.
Muhammad Ali, The Soul of a Butterfly: Reflections on Life's Journey|Throughout my life, I never sought retribution against those who hurt me because I believe in forgiveness. I have practiced forgiving, just as I want to be forgiven. Only God knows what's in a person's heart, his true intentions. He sees and hears all things.
Kaiden Blake|Though we are emotional beings, we are not our emotions. Remember this the next time you find yourself struggling.
Madchen Amick|Insider trading by hedge funds has a long and distinguished history, dating to the days when people didn't know that there was such a thing as a hedge fund.
Alin Sav|Failure is just another give way sign, not a stop sign.
Ambrose Bierce|Beware of the compound adjective, beloved of the tyro and the 'poetess'.
Auliq Ice|Love is a two-way game, you cannot truly love one who does not love you, and neither can you force them to love you, better look past the hurtful deeds and search for the one who truly loves you and that will be right with you.
Laura Jacobs, Women About Town|Take a moment and think of something small but significant that you've wanted for decades. Dream about it. Wish for it. Let the dreaming and wishing sink deeply into your being. Add some memories of disappointment just for a little flavor. At some point, over time, a wish can become too important, can become much bigger as a dream than it ever had a right to be.
Steven Adler|My sister is my little star, and I'm excited for her and proud of her. With her, I'm protective, but also I don't want to be that sister who's really pushy and thinks they know everything and making her feel like she doesn't know what she's doing. I'm trying to be that cool older sister and not the mom, but it's hard.
Joy Williams|She was never going to seek gainful employment again, that was for certain. She'd remain outside the public sector. She'd be an anarchist, she'd travel with jaguars. She was going to train herself to be totally irrational. She'd fall in love with a totally inappropriate person. She'd really work on it, but abandon would be involved as well. She'd have different names, a.k.a. Snake, a.k.a. Snow - no that was juvenile. She wanted to be extraordinary, to possess a savage glitter.
Sasha Samy, Shadow To Light: Transformational Journeys From Abuse & Betrayal To Empowerment|ThinkWhen did it go wrong?The break-in?No, before that.The party?That was part of it, but that wasn't when it started.Zack?Of course, yeah, it would be easy to say it was Zack. But that's not it, is it?Before Zack.Before Ryan. Before Max and Derrick or that whole thing with the wallet.Before Ashley.Before tenth grade even began.And you're thinking, this can't be it.
Jennifer Ziegler, How Not to Be Popular|To be unpopular, you must look the part. Remember four words: plastic flowered swim cap.
Søren Kierkegaard|The stone that was rolled before Christ's tomb might appropriately be called the philosopher's stone because its removal gave not only the pharisees but, now for 1800 years, the philosophers so much to think about.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper|When we are connected to the source, we will not be afraid of any task set before us.
Poppy Delevingne|When I first ran, being a woman in politics was seen as both a negative and also a positive. You could attract more women voters, but on the other hand, a lot of men wouldn't vote for you.
Ray Bradbury, The October Country|How talented was death. How many expressions and manipulations of hand, face, body, no two alike.
Deyth Banger|Children need to see themselves in books. They need to see their gender. They need to see their color, hair texture, their disability, themselves. Picture books are like many children’s first introduction to the world. Seeing yourself is almost like a message. It’s saying, you matter, you are visible, and you’re valuable
Jhumpa Lahiri, Unaccustomed Earth|Sometimes horrible choices can lead to the right decision, its not where we start that's important but where we end.
Jeff Hobbs, The Short and Tragic Life of Robert Peace: A Brilliant Young Man Who Left Newark for the Ivy League|Oh, no, no, you've got that all wrong. You're not required to respect elders. After all, most people are idiots, regardless of age. In tribal cultures, we just make sure that elders remain an active part of the culture, even if they're idiots. Especially if they're idiots. You can't just abandon your old people, even if they have nothing intelligent to say. Even if they're crazy.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Crescendo|Old timidity has disappeared, and is replaced by silent, quaint fun, with which his face twinkles all over, as he listens.
Kamand Kojouri|It is a dangerous thing to substitute reading or writing for living. Live first, then write.
Gore Vidal|Do you have any idea what the typical response is whenever I do give someone a glimpse of my life?"Gideon paused, as if he waited for her to answer. And Monroe hesitated. Yes. She did know. She knew because it was the same response she would get it she chose to let down her own guard. Hell, it was practically the same response Miles had given the night she had told him the unadulterated truth of her past. She shook her head again. "Standard response," he said. "I swear to God. First thing out of their mouth's is: 'Wow. It's shocking you're so normal.' What the fuck? Do I have to be damaged for my past to make sense? And what the hell is normal anyway? And does white bread America have dibs on it?"Gideon stopped talking, crossed his arms, and the look on his face said he regretted saying as much as he had.
Mark W. Boyer|This book is a labor of love. It is dedicated to people who have cried themselves to sleep because they were 'different'. It is also a celebration of the 'inner outcast' in all of us, and a humble attempt to inspire tolerance, understanding, and acceptance." the intro from the author
Paul Harding|The greatest gift to man is woman, But the greatest gift to woman is herself.
Teresa of Ávila, The Life of Saint Teresa of Ávila by Herself|But...' Horace looked from one familiar face to another. 'How did you come to..?'Before he could finish the question, Will interupted, thinking to clarify matters but only making them more puzzling...'We were all in Toscana for the treaty signing,' he began, then corrected himself. 'Well, Evanlyn wasn't. She came later. But, when she did, she told us you were missing, so we all boarded Gundar's ship-you should see it. It's a new design that can sail into the wind. But anyway, that's not important. And just before we left, Selethen decided to join us-what with you being an old comrade in arms and all-and...'He got no further. Halt, seeing the confusion growing on Horace's face, held up a hand to stop his babbling former apprentice...Will stopped, a little embarrassed as he realized that he had been running off at the mouth.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|People will come and go from your life for all kinds of acceptable and crappy reasons…So you’ve got to be your own best friend, know who you are, and never let anyone tell you you’re something you know you’re not.
Gift Gugu Mona|We need to protect and care for our children because when society fails to protect its children, there will be no one else to learn from.
William Beckford, The Episodes of Vathek|The evil done by men of goodwill is the worst of all ... We have done terrible things, for the best of reasons, and that makes it worse.
Jennifer Weiner|Personal finances are like people’s personal health, crucial and tragic to the sufferer but tedious to the listener. 
Aleister Crowley, Cocaine: Impressions & Opinions|Further, an excess of legislation defeats its own ends. It makes the whole population criminals, and turns them all into police and police spies. The moral health of such a people is ruined for ever; only revolution can save it.
Latika Teotia|Do you feel that you are in a complicated situation today when nothing seems to be going right for you? Are you bewildered or baffled by what is happening around you? Relax! God always has our well being in mind. Reach out to Him, pray with all your heart, talk to Him about your fears, share your worries with Him and you will feel much lighter. You may even see the purpose of your present situation. A lady was having her breakfast, her 7 year old daughter, who was in a playful mood, accidentally dropped coffee on her. She yelled at her and had to go and change her clothes. When she came down, she found her child crying hysterically. It took a lot of time to pacify her and in the commotion the girl missed her school bus. She had to go and drop her to the school knowing full well that she was going to be late to office and would get hardly any time to prepare for an important presentation that she had to give later in the day. She cursed her fate, looked up to Heaven and muttered, “O God why me? Why did this happen on such an important day?” After dropping her daughter at her school she found that her office block, which was in a high rise building, had caught fire. The fire which had started two floors below had quickly spread to the rest of the floors and her colleagues were trapped in the building. Had she reached in time she too would have been one of them. Delay in reaching office had, in fact, saved her!So, look for God’s message in everything and have patience as well as faith.
Gregory Maguire, Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West|He stopped, finally, and smiled. “Honestly? With this thing I think I could get my jerk-off muscles so well-developed that I could rub out a spooge with one pump! If that’s not worth $19.95, I don’t know what is.
Jesse Ventura|I remember early on, in my very, very early days, I had a makeup artist tell me that I needed to get an attitude. I had no idea what he was talking about.
Blue GhostGhost, Art Criticism|If you can see it, you can shoot it.
Erica Sehyun Song, Thorns in the Shadow|Time is a funny thing. You can go through it and meddle with it, but nothing can stay permanent. So even if everything so far had not happened, time would still have managed to find a way to make all this happen.
Tanya Masse|Sometimes the MOM who's always there for everyone else, needs someone to be there for HER.
Pete Wentz|This is me, a sinner on whom the Lord has turned his gaze. And this is what I said when they asked me if I would accept my election as pontiff. I am a sinner, but I trust in the infinite mercy and patience of our Lord Jesus Christ, and I accept in a spirit of penance.
Tamora Pierce, The Will of the Empress|The more you give, the more you want to do it—as do others around you. It's like going to the gym. If you've been working out your kindness muscles, you get stronger at it. — Nipun Mehta
Ehsan Sehgal|The human mind is a rover, it constantly returns to think about times past, cogitates upon the future, and actively considers the entire range of alternative plans to meet our daily survival demands.
John Green, An Abundance of Katherines|We fatties have a bond, dude. It's like a secret society. We got all kinds of shit you don't know about. Handshakes, special fat people dances-we got these secret fugging lairs in the center of the earth and we go down there in the middle of the night when all the skinny kids are sleeping and eat cake and friend chicken and shit. Why d'you think Hollis is still sleeping, kafir? Because we were up all night in the secret lair injecting butter frosting into our veins. ...A fatty trusts another fatty.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|One wanted, she thought, dipping her brush deliberately, to be on a level with ordinary experience, to feel simply that's a chair, that's a table, and yet at the same time, It's a miracle, it's an ecstasy.
William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet|What made you feel that stomach-churning agony for one person and not another? If Bridget were God, she would have made it against the law for you to feel that way about someone without them having to feel it for you right back.
Michael Bassey Johnson, The Infinity Sign|If you truly want to be respected by people you love, you must prove to them that you can survive without them.
Hannah Lillith Assadi, Sonora|New York City is the place where people come to invent, reinvent, or find the room they need to be who they wish to be.
Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip|Explore, Experience, Then Push Beyond.
Austin Kleon, Steal Like an Artist: 10 Things Nobody Told You About Being Creative|The way to get over creative block is to simply place some constraints on yourself. It seems contradictory, but when it comes to creative work, limitations mean freedom.
Stephen Cope, Yoga and the Quest for the True Self|In the end, what I love most about contemporary yoga is its ability tosynthesize the everyday with the extraordinary, the practical with thevisionary, the mundane with the sacred. I love that yoga can work torelease my tense muscles, negative emotions, and psychic detritus at thesame time. That it can connect me to my body in ways that create newneural pathways in my brain. That it offers a practical tool for copingwith everyday stress, as well as an intuitive opening to the hidden magicof everyday life.
Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset: An Unconventional Guide to Healing and Happiness|When we can see our own self, angry and hurting others, within every villain, then we can love. When we can see our own desperate struggle for belonging in the eyes of every enemy, then we can love. When we can look at the greatest of atrocities and see the opportunity for healing within, then, and only then, can we really love.
Colleen Patrick-Goudreau, The 30-Day Vegan Challenge (New Edition): The Ultimate Guide to Eating Healthfully and Living Compassionately|I will not forget the instinctive wisdom of the friend who, every day for those first few weeks, brought me a quart container of scallion-and-ginger congee from Chinatown. Congee I could eat. Congee was all I could eat.
Richie Norton|It's not what you got, but what you gave.
Miriam Toews|If you walk down the street and smile at someone, that will get passed on to the next person. That has the power to change someone's day.
Anne McCaffrey, Dragonsinger|The tears I feel todayI'll wait to shed tomorrow.Though I'll not sleep this nightNor find surcease from sorrow.My eyes must keep their sight:I dare not be tear-blinded.I must be free to talkNot choked with grief, clear-minded.My mouth cannot betrayThe anguish that I know.Yes, I'll keep my tears til later:But my grief will never go.
Sharon Hinck, The Deliverer|Help others find their way, their own values, and guide them through life’s ups and downs.
SC Skillman, A Passionate Spirit|You're going to make it, you'll be ok, miracles happen every day.
Jim Lee|Good design keeps the user happy, the manufacturer in the black and the aesthete unoffended.
Joseph F. Merrill|Suffering has its place in the scheme of things. It serves a purpose even though the sufferer may be entirely free from the taint of sin... Among the gentlest and sweetest souls are sometimes found those who suffer much. A person that accepts his lot, does his best, loving both God and man, is a success and will experience a joy in living.
Michael Muhammad Knight|Islam's borders are bloody and so are its innards. The fundamental problem for the West is not Islamic fundamentalism. It is Islam, a different civilisation whose people are convinced of the superiority of their culture and are obsessed with the inferiority of their power.
Napoléon Bonaparte|Nothing is more difficult, and therefore more precious, than to be able to decide.
William J. Reilly, Ph.D.|Without Time nothing is possible. Everything requires time. Time is the only permanent and absolute ruler in the universe. But she is scrupulously fair ruler. She treats every living person exactly alike every day. No matter how much of the world's goods you have managed to accumulate, you cannot successfully plead for a single moment more than the pauper receives without every asking for it. Time is the one great leveler. Everyone has the same amount to spend every day.
Alice Broadway, Ink|For the first time in my life, I'm doubting my faith, and it terrifies me.For the first time, I want to change the rules. For the first time I wonder: does it matter what it says on your skin, when what's at stake is your soul?
Emmanuel Mounier, Personalism|The universe is full of men going through the same motions in the same surroundings, but carrying within themselves, and projecting around them, universes as mutually remote as the constellations.
Nadège Richards, Burning Bridges|Today is the day to stop, look around, realize where you are in relation to where you want to be, change direction if needed and move forward with faith in God and in yourself.
Dante Alighieri|Why did God do it? or is there really a Devil who led to the Fall? Souls in Heaven said "We want to try mortal existence, O God, Lucifer said it's great!"—Bang, down we fall, to this, to concentration camps, gas ovens, barbed wire, atom bombs, television murders, Bolivian starvation, thieves in silk, thieves in neckties, thieves in office, paper shufflers, bureaucrats, insult, rage, dismay, horror, terrified nightmares, secret death of hangovers, cancer, ulcers, strangulation, pus, old age, old age homes, canes, puffed flesh, dropped teeth, stink, tears, and goodbye. Somebody else write it, I dont know how.
Dezső Kosztolányi, Skylark|When people go away they vanish, turn to nothing, stop being. They live only in memories, haunting the imagination.
pavankumarguptha|Through the fields and daisies and tall warm grass, my Lord Jesus as time meets eternity our lives will be perfect, and will never pass holding on forever a love that has no end.
Darrell Calkins, Re:|On a psychological and physiological level, the habits of contraction are often caused by the desire to control or acquire, even to acquire generosity or devotion or emptiness. These are subtle and take time to identify and release. Under this is the desire for self-gain or improvement, to win something or better something. Those intentions are healthy enough up to a point, but to really see and engage what you have in front of you, you have to intend that it gains or wins.
Albert Schweitzer, The Animal World of Albert Schweitzer|The fundamental principle of morality which we seek as a necessity for thought is not, however, a matter only of arranging and deepening current views of good and evil, but also of expanding and extending these. A man is really ethical only when he obeys the constraint laid on him to help all life which he is able to succour, and when he goes out of his way to avoid injuring anything living. He does not ask how far this or that life deserves sympathy as valuable in itself, nor how far it is capable of feeling. To him life as such is sacred. He shatters no ice crystal that sparkles in the sun, tears no leaf from its tree, breaks off no flower, and is careful not to crush any insect as he walks. If he works by lamplight on a summer evening, he prefers to keep the window shut and to breathe stifling air, rather than to see insect after insect fall on his table with singed and sinking wings.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Do not hide your light, let it shine.
James    Wood, How Fiction Works|Literature differs from life in that life is amorphously full of detail, and rarely directs us toward it, wheras literature teaches us to notice. Literature makes us better noticers of life; we get to practice on life itself; which in turn makes us better readers of detail in literature; which in turn makes us better readers of life.
James Dashner, The Eye of Minds|If the lies don't kill you, the truth will.
Ron Hall, Same Kind of Different as Me|For the first time, it struck me that when Denver said he'd be my friend for life, he meant it-for better or for worse. The hell of it was, Mr. Ballantine never wanted a friend, especially a black one. But once Denver committed, he stuck. It reminded me of what Jesus told His disciples 'Greater love has no man than this, that he lay down his life for his friends.
Nicholas Kristof|Social media are a catalyst for the advancement of everyone's rights. It's where we're reminded that we're all human and all equal. It's where people can find and fight for a cause, global or local, popular or specialized, even when there are hundreds of miles between them.
Chila Woychik, On Being a Rat and Other Observations|I cannot now evaluate the events that, at the end of those thirty years, made me discover the necessity of religious belief. I was not reasoned into my disposition. Though I admire the structured thought of theology, it is to religion no more than counterpoint exercises are to music.
Ken MacLeod, Descent|You must rely on reason and science,” she said, “and be guided by a likewise rational ethic of human concern. You must do your utmost as individuals to improve your understanding, ability and compassion.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|Beyond the edge of the world there’s a space where emptiness and substance neatly overlap, where past and future form a continuous, endless loop. And, hovering about, there are signs no one has ever read, chords no one has ever heard.
J.Z. Colby, Selection|I come from a place where everyone has great power, by your standards, and they steadfastly refuse to use it for self-aggrandizement ... anywhere ... ever.
Fred Rogers, The World According to Mister Rogers: Important Things to Remember|In times of stress, the best thing we can do for each other is to listen with our ears and our hearts and to be assured that our questions are just as important as our answers.
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|It is Nature that causes all movement. Deluded by the ego, the fool harbors the perception that says "I did it".
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|Fundamentalism not only fuels devastating acts of violence, but also all kinds of primitive prejudicial behaviors, such as Misogyny, Polygamy, Homophobia, and Islamophobia.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg|My mother told me to be a lady. And for her, that meant be your own person, be independent
Ehab Atalla, The Secrets of Business|Life is based on leverage. The more you know how to leverage life, the more successful you will become.
Rosamund Lupton, Sister|A selfish person can still love someone else, can't they? Even when they've hurt them and let them down.
Prachi Parichita|The cause is within us. The cure is within us. When we know this our concept of disease is no longer that of something fixed upon the body cells which must be purged, cut or burned away. It is not something coming in from the outside which we cannot prevent. Rather it is a change from within, and we must find the reason why the body changes its perfect pattern to vibrate to discord rather than to harmony.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|O Lord my God, revive my soul!
Gregory C. Carlson, Sold on Language: How Advertisers Talk to You and What This Says About You|Just as you can’t rehearse your way to success, you can’t design your way there either.
Aleksandar Hemon, The Making of Zombie Wars|Each instant brought them, more momentous than the explosion of Krakatoa. It was only that no one noticed. We are to accustomed to the absurdity of existence. The loss of a universe is not worth taking seriously.
Stephen Fry|... Our language, tiger, our language: hundreds of thousands of available words, frillions of legitimate new ideas... And yet, oh, and yet, we, all of us, spend all our days saying to each other the same things time after weary time: "I love you," "Don't go in there," "Get out," "You have no right to say that," "Stop it," "Why should I," "That hurt," "Help," "Marjorie is dead.
Brenna Yovanoff, The Space Between|You asked about love. I don't know about love, Daphne. I just know I don't want anything but you. I don't want to anywhere but with you.
Jon Ronson, The Men Who Stare at Goats|What a brilliant cover story. In a success-obsessed society like this one, what's the best rock to hide something under? It's the rock called failure.
Rob Bell, Sex God: Exploring the Endless Connections between Sexuality and Spirituality|The danger is that in reaction to abuses and distortions of an idea, we'll reject it completely. And in the process miss out on the good of it, the worth of it, the truth of it.
Ingmar Bergman, The Magic Lantern|I'm planning, you see, to try to confine myself to the truth. That's hard for an old, inveterate fantasy martyr and liar who has never hesitated to give truth the form he felt the occasion demanded. 
Ehab Atalla, The Secrets of Business|Business is a basketball game. The more tricks you know, the more points you score.
Karl Marlantes|War is society's dirty work, usually done by kids cleaning up some failure on the part of the adults.
Cesar Millan|The trees in Siberia are miles apart, that is why the dogs are so fast.
Erwin Panofsky, Perspective as Symbolic Form|It was evidently quite obvious to a powerful intellect like his that the one essential condition for a healthy society was equal distribution of goods - which I suspect is impossible under capitalism. For, when everyone's entitled to get as much for himself as he can, all available property, however much there is of it, is bound to fall into the hands of a small minority, which means that everyone else is poor.
Richard Proenneke, One Man's Wilderness: An Alaskan Odyssey|You see, most people gain weight because they give into cravings. But when you easily (and without feeling like you're depriving yourself) gain control, the extra weight comes off.
Simone Elkeles, Leaving Paradise|I give her the only honest and true answer I have."You're where I want to be.
Jack Kerouac, On the Road|It’s too late now. The game’s been won by companies who don’t two shits about community character or decent jobs. Congratufuckinglations, America! We did the deal. Now we’ve got an unlimited supply of cheap commodities and unhealthy food and crumbling downtowns, no sense of place, and a permanent under class. Yay. The underclass isn’t relegated to urban ghettos either. It’s coast to coast and especially in between. Take US 50 west from Kansas City to Sacramento or US 6 from Chicago to California and you’ll see a couple thousand miles of corn, soybeans, and terminally ill towns. It looks like a scene from The Walking Dead. If there’s such a thing as the American Heartland, it has a stake through it.
Gro Harlem Brundtland|During my nearly five years as director-general of WHO, high-level policymakers have increasingly recognized that health is central to sustainable development.
Aleksandar Hemon, The Book of My Lives|A few mad exaggerations, alright, within a couple of days: swear to fucking god, they were like throwing grenades and pulling out all kinds of crazy knackery, it was out of control. Whatever. As if the story, if big enough, reflected glory on the teller.
Marlon Roxas|But life has a way of chopping people off at the knees, and he was no exception. Ten years of his life had been stolen from him. Now he wasn't wasting another minute. He wanted to experience everything he had missed, to eat and drink and read and work and fuck as he pleased. His dreams were smaller now, but they were still dreams, and he was going after them with everything he had.
Terry A. O'Neal|Seek to be served, and you become a servant. Seek to serve others, and you become a master.
Dada Bhagwan|You benefit when you do not further entangle (confuse) an already entangled person or you benefit when you remove his entanglement. But what happens when you entangle the one who is already entangled? God is sitting within him, isn’t he?
Cristen Rodgers|Don’t hide your hurt, beautiful soul. Grab a hold of it. Run it through the purifying flame of your heart and mold it into something beautiful. Allow the depths of your pain to expand the breadth of your compassion. Gather up your stumbling stones and build a bridge for someone else. Remember what it’s like to be lost in darkness so you can be someone else’s much needed light. Don’t deny your pain or bury it away. Let it rise to the surface. And then transform it into something that makes it worthwhile.
Jeff Jarvis, What Would Google Do?|People who live according to the pure code of honor are not governed by the profit motive; they are governed by the thymotic urge, the quest for recognition. They seek the sort of glory that can be won only by showing strength in confrontation with death.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|The spirit is liquid and easily flows and surges, sinking and boiling with the currents of circumstances. Bringing every thought into the obedience of Christ is no easy-chair job.
Alex George, Setting Free the Kites|When he left us, he stole all the words.
Carol Storm, Burning Captivity|Every morning Mrs Eglantine sat at the round bamboo bar of the New Pacific Hotel and drank her breakfast. This consisted of two quick large brandies, followed by several slower ones. By noon breakfast had become lunch and by two o'clock the pouches under and above Mrs Eglantine's bleared blue eyes began to look like large puffed pink prawns.
Pierre-Ambroise Choderlos de Laclos, Les Liaisons dangereuses|Sorrow, terror, anguish, despair itself are often the chosen expressions of an approximation to the highest good. Our sympathy in tragic fiction depends on this principle; tragedy delights by affording a shadow of the pleasure which exists in pain. This is the source also of the melancholy which is inseparable from the sweetest melody. The pleasure that is in sorrow is sweeter than the pleasure of pleasure itself.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The House of the Seven Gables|Don’t wait till you have grey hair before you believe people will take you seriously because scientifically, grey hair is a sign of old age and not necessarily of wisdom.
George Santayana|I grew up very religious, and I don't have a great relationship with religion.
Philip DeFranco|Live life while you have it; the fact that you have it is highly improbable, the fact that you will lose it is guaranteed.
Eyden I., Woman's Book: Only For Men|Trust is like a tear, once it is dropped, it cannot go back.
Ashleigh Slater|Marriage is not 'I', its 'We'.
Steven Redhead, The Solution|Sophia was asked to speak to the students of a local medical school.	“Sophia, what do we need to be better doctors?” the students asked.	“Doctors,” Sophia said, “need strong stomachs and strong powers of observation.” Then she opened a canister. The putrid smell quickly moved through the classroom. Sophia stuck a finger in the jar, pulled it up, and then licked it. She passed the jar around encouraging each doctor in training to do the same. Each did, and though many felt nauseas, no one got sick.	“You all have very strong stomachs,” she said. “But your powers of observation need some work.”	“What do you mean?” they asked. “We did just what you did.”	“There is one difference,” she replied. “The finger I dipped in the jar was not the finger I licked.
Steve Allen|Now to him who is able to do immeasurably more than all we ask or imagine, according to his power that is at work within us, to him be glory in the church and in Christ Jesus throughout all generations, for ever and ever! Amen.
Siri Hustvedt, The Blazing World|No one rejoices more in revenge than women, wrote Juvenal. Women do most delight in revenge, wrote Sir Thomas Browne. Sweet is revenge, especially to women, wrote Lord Byron. And I say, I wonder why, boys. I wonder why.
Crystal Clary|If it is impossible let's do it because nothing is impossible, if you set your mind to it.
Tom Waits|Poetry isn't a profession, it's a way of life. It's an empty basket; you put your life into it and make something out of that.
Terry Pratchett, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch|Nothing is more fun than fucking and drinking, I don’t know what is your God offering in heaven.
Robin Lord Taylor|If I should have a daughter, instead of 'Mom,' she's gonna call me 'Point B,' because that way she knows that no matter what happens, at least she can always find her way to me. And I'm going to paint solar systems on the backs of her hands so she has to learn the entire universe before she can say, 'Oh, I know that like the back of my hand.'
John B. S. Haldane|Today, diabetes is now epidemic, according to the Centers for Disease Control, the National Institutes of Health, the American Diabetes Association and other national healthcare leaders.
Debasish Mridha|To find your self, get lost is the search of knowledge and wisdom.
Colin Powell|Meditation can help us embrace our worries, our fear, our anger; and that is very healing. We let our own natural capacity of healing do the work.
St. Vincent|It's rather splendid to think of all those great men and women who appear to have presented symptoms that allow us to describe them as bipolar. Whether it's Hemingway, Van Gogh... Robert Schumann has been mentioned... Virginia Woolf, Sylvia Plath... some of them with rather grim ends.
A.W. Tozer, The Pursuit of God|The believing man does not claim to understand. He falls to his knees and whispers, "God." The man of earth kneels also, but not to worship. He kneels to examine, to search, to find the cause and the how of things.
Glennon Doyle Melton, Carry On, Warrior: Thoughts on Life Unarmed|There are only two lives we might live: our dream or our destiny. Sometimes they are one in the same, and sometimes they're not. Often our dreams are just a path to our destinies.
Richard Rohr, Adam's Return: The Five Promises of Male Initiation|It is hard to hear God, but it is even harder not to hear God. The pain one brings upon oneself by living outside of evident reality is a greater and longer-lasting pain than the brief pain of facing it head on.
James Patterson|You know a lot about math," I said. You know a lot about math? What type of statement was that? Right along the lines of "Hey, you have hair and it's red and curly." Real smooth.
Jessica Mitford|There is often in people to whom "the worst" has happened an almost transcendent freedom  for they have faced "the worst" and survived it.
Chuck Grassley|You don't learn to walk by following rules. You learn by doing, and by falling over.
Sarvesh Jain, The Awakening Wisdom of Life: Probably the best Quotation Book in the world|I can't promise to take away your loneliness, but I can promise to be there when you need me the most.
Kristan Higgins, All I Ever Wanted|Now, where do I bring this thing down?" I asked. There was a hesitation, then, "You don't. We didn't design it to return. It was a redundancy we had no need for. Too costly, in terms of resources." "So what do I do? I just saved the Earth. And now I suffocate out here?
Woodrow Wilson|We are working essentially to build a leadership force of folks who will, during their first two years of teaching, actually put their kids on a different trajectory - not just survive as a new teacher, but actually help close the achievement gap for their kids.
Vandana Shiva|As usual, in every scheme that worsens the position of the poor, it is the poor who are invoked as beneficiaries.
Idries Shah, Learning How to Learn: Psychology and Spirituality in the Sufi Way|The person that you feel yourself to be, according to the Sufis, is a false person, which has no true reality.
Ron Davies|Hope... is the companion of power, and the mother of success; for who so hopes has within him the gift of miracles.
Margaret Mead|If I have refused to risk, I have in the self-same decision refused to love. And if indeed I have refused to love, tragically I have refused to live. And when will I realize that that in and of itself is an unacceptable risk.
Condoleezza Rice|If adolescent pregnancy prevention is to become a priority, then our strategy, as advocates, must contain two key elements: civic engagement and education.
Roman Payne, Rooftop Soliloquy|Rich will be my life if I can keep my memories full and brimming, and record them on clear-eyed mornings while I set joyously to work setting pen to holy craft.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|It is a happy thing that time quells the longings of vengeance and hushes the promptings of rage and aversion. I had left this woman in bitterness and hate, and I came back to her now with no other emotion than a sort of ruth for her great sufferings, and strong yearning to forget and forgive all injuries - to be reconciled and clasp hands in amity.
Thomas Vazhakunnathu, God Does Not Play Dice|Spiritual Laws ensures that every entity will be at the exact place where it has earned the right to be, by all its previous thoughts, words and actions, including those of the previous lives.
Azar Gat, War in Human Civilization|Deeply entrenched fantasies and persistent, most cherished illusions can at least partly be explained as ‘bugs’ or ‘viruses’ in, or ‘mis-activations’ of, our sophisticated and highly sensitive intellectual software, which is driven but also easily disrupted by, and addicted to, our restless and insatiable need for meaning, order, control, and reassurance.
Alasdair Gray, Lanark|The more narrow-minded a system is the more it will please worldly-wise people. Thus the system of the materialists, the doctrine of Helvetius and also Locke has recieved the most acclaim amongst his class. Thus Kant even now will find more followers than Fichte.
Ludwig von Mises|The Church of Christ is constituted in two orders, the clergy and the people, the one having the care of the Church that all may be ruled for the salvation of souls; the other contains kings, princes, and nobles who have to carry on secular government that all things may lead to the peace and unity of the Church.
Benjamin Hoff, The Tao of Pooh|Now, scholars can be very useful and necessary, in their own dull and up amusing way. They provide a lot of information. It's just that there is something more, and that something more is what life is really about.
Kendrick Lamar|When the seasons shift, even the subtle beginning, the scent of a promised change, I feel something stir inside me. Hopefulness? Gratitude? Openness? Whatever it is, it's welcome.
Israelmore Ayivor, 101 Keys To Everyday Passion|Don’t follow the crowd; you may be missing among them. Go solo. Sometimes, it is better to go alone.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The Christian . . . way of daily living must be distinct from the world. While some will think you “peculiar,” do not let this disturb you, for just as many others will secretly admire you for your stand. It is possible you will be persecuted by jokes and be misunderstood . . .but if you accept this with patience and in the spirit of love, God can use this very thing to help you win some of your friends [to Christ].
Raymond E. Feist, Exile's Return|You learn something new every day, if you just stop to pay attention.
E.J. Squires, Savage Run|Well, as I see it, the only way to win is to play the game and beat everyone at it. And I mean, who’s to say you can’t make your own rules?” I say.“Spoken like a true outlaw,” Nicholas retorts.I smirk, a little guiltily. “I suppose. Thank goodness you went along with it. Anyone else would have refused to register me or left me to Master Douglas.” Shivers go up my spine.“Partners in crime.”I laugh at first, but then think about it. “That’s kind of sad.”“Or exciting.” He stares at me for a moment. “Well, speaking as your registrar, you need to get some rest.”“Are you ever going to let me have any fun?” I ask.“Not until the sun stops shining.”“Well, technically it goes down every night…” I say.“Not in this country.
Al Roker|You've got to trust people. And because I am a control freak, sometimes that's difficult for me, because I want to micro-manage absolutely everything. I can't hand over. But I'm trying to do that more.
John Cage|Value what you have today,Rather than pricing it later....
Amit Ray, Peace on the Earth  A Nuclear Weapons Free World|It doesn't matter, whether it is an x, y or z country, every penny spends for nuclear weapons strengthen the hands of the evil force.
Ed Gorman, Everybody's Somebody's Fool|There's a special quality to the loneliness of dusk, a melancholy more brooding even than the night's.
Robert Karjel, The Swede|A grunting nocturnal animal, a machine of flesh and blood who wasn’t ashamed of himself. But he never found redemption.
Philip Yancey, What's So Amazing About Grace?|Grace is shockingly personal. As Henri Nouwen points out, 'God rejoices. Not because the problems of the world have been solved, not because all human pain and suffering have come to an end, nor because thousands of people have been converted and are now praising him for his goodness. No, God rejoices because one of his children who was lost has been found.
Alain Ducasse|I think I've earned a certain level of respect, based on my accomplishments and my consistency.
Francis Crick, Life Itself: Its Origin and Nature|Miracles happen quietly every day—in an operating room, on a stormy sea, in the sudden appearance of a roadside stranger. They are rarely tallied. No one keeps score.But now and then, a miracle is declared to the world.And when that happens, things change
William Shakespeare|His mouth, coupled with the way his hand is sliding down my arm, is all too much. So much. Good much. So good. I just whimpered.
Martin Henderson|I used to read music books when I was 13. My mom was working at a library. She's a librarian. I would get my mom to check out any kind of books that had anything to do with the music industry. I read a lot about royalities, publishing, marketing, stuff like that.
Theo Coster, We All Wore Stars: Memories of Anne Frank from Her Classmates|It's toys, boy, all toys. You'll see more and more contraptions as you get older, but if I teach you anything, you'll learn that all of this is decoration. What counts is what's inside you and what you can see in others. 
M. Leighton, Down to You|It was just a tiny moment. Not a kiss, not even real contact. But for all the things it wasn't, it meant so much.
Albert Camus, A Happy Death|What he had loved in Marthe were those evenings when they would walk into the movie theater and men's eyes turned toward her, that moment when he offered her to the world. What he loved in her was his power and his ambition to live. Even his desire, the deepest craving of his flesh, probably derived from this initial astonishment at possessing a lovely body, at mastering and humiliating it.
Shirley Jackson, We Have Always Lived in the Castle|What greater flood can there be than the flood of ideas? How quickly they submerge all that they set out to destroy, how rapidly do they create terrifying depths?
Johnny Depp|Just keep moving forward and don't give a shit about what anybody thinks. Do what you have to do, for you.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Americanah|You could have kept on driving and never looked back. No one's ever had to stop for me. Or even hear me. Anyway, you did, and now I'm afraid the time for choice is behind us both.
Walter Lippmann|We are at a crossroads in the music business: with the rise of the internet, the world we live in has changed, and the past is not coming back. But I see the glass as half-full: the internet and social networking are new avenues for the next Bob Dylan to be born on.
Frouwkje Denoo|It was difficult to anticipate—in these monsters with enormous, fantastic beaks which they opened wide immediately after birth, hissing greedily to show the backs of their throats, in these lizards with frail, naked bodies of hunchbacks—the future peacocks, pheasants, grouse or condors. Placed in cotton wool, in baskets, this dragon brood lifted blind, walleyed heads on thin necks, croaking voicelessly from their dumb throats.
H. Jackson Brown, Jr.|Our goals can only be reached through a vehicle of a plan, in which we must fervently believe, and upon which we must vigorously act. There is no other route to success.
Lara Flynn Boyle|I talk about race and culture, and that's what my fans respond to. If you grew up in an environment where race and culture were never an issue for you, or where you don't see the humor in our so-called differences, then you might not respond to what I'm doing.
Vinod Varghese Antony|The black hole of the galaxy swallows the boiling energy of human fury. Soon my waning fume will be obscured forevermore, all insignia of my ionized essence tucked into the anonymous pleat of the universe’s billowing skirt. Until the coarse earth’s rank mustiness calls for me, can I take comfort living purposefully in the rhythms of an ordinarily life? Can I unabashedly absorb the scintillating jewels in the daily milieu? Can I savor an array of pleasantries with my tongue, ears, nose, eyes, lips, and fingertips? Can I take solace in the tenderness of the nights by singing out songs of love and heartache? Can I devote the dazzle of daylight and the vastness of the night’s starriness to investigate life, make a concerted effort to reduce imbedded ignorance, and penetrate layers of obdurate obliviousness? Can I conduct a rigorous search for wisdom irrespective of wherever this journey takes me? Can I make use of the burly pack of prior personal experiences to increase self-awareness? Can I aspire to go forward in good spirits and cheerfully accept all challenges as they come? Can I skim along the delicate surface of life with a light heart until greeting an endless sleep with a begrudging grin in the coolness of the ebbing light?
Steve Rizzo|We have created a mindset in our society where everyone wants what they want when they want it. And if we don't get what we want when we want it, we feel ripped off. To make matters worse, we intensify our problems by continuously rehashing our woe-is-me story to the entire world. Whatever it is that has the potential to keep you from enjoying the day, understand that it's not the situation itself that is causing you to be unhappy. It's your thoughts and how you allow them to control you. It's what you choose to focus on that fuels your emotions and defines your reality.
Christopher Paolini, Brisingr|Perhaps not one religion contains all of the truth of the world. Perhaps every religion contains fragments of the truth, and it is our responsibility to identify those fragments and piece them together.
S.G. Holster, Thirty Seconds to Die|A book can take you to another land, even if just for a few hours. --Cat Spydell
Craig Ferguson, Between the Bridge and the River|However baby man may brag of his science and skill, and however much, in a flattering future, that science and skill may augment; yet for ever and for ever, to the crack of doom, the sea will insult and murder him, and pulverize the stateliest, stiffest frigate he can make; nevertheless, by the continual repetition of these very impressions, man has lost that sense of the full awfulness of the sea which aboriginally belongs to it.
Anthony T. Hincks|Love is for the birds.Honey is for the bees.And you, my special one.Are the only one for me.
Maria Grazia Swan, Death Under the Venice Moon|Mom, you know what? I just realized you have a knack for making people disappear. [Lella's son catches on!]
Agnostic Zetetic|There is, in fact, no safeword for chemical burns under one’s fingernails.
Alexandre Dumas, The Three Musketeers|When there is no enemy within, the enemies outside cannot hurt you.
Jose Carreras|With Pearl Jam, everybody is so good at what they do, it's hard to get up the courage to say, 'Can I sing this part,' or, 'I want to play guitar.'
Matthew Goode|Insurgents have capitalized on popular resentment and anger towards the United States and the Iraqi government to build their own political, financial and military support, and the faith of Iraqi citizens in their new government has been severely undermined.
Cynthia Ozick|Of course you can't 'trust' what people tell you on the web anymore than you can 'trust' what people tell you on megaphones, postcards or in restaurants. Working out the social politics of who you can trust and why is, quite literally, what a very large part of our brain has evolved to do.
Thomas More, Utopia|But what about human nature? Can it be changed? And if not, will it endure under Anarchism?Poor human nature, what horrible crimes have been committed in thy name! Every fool, from king to policeman, from the flatheaded parson to the visionless dabbler in science, presumes to speak authoritatively of human nature. The greater the mental charlatan, the more definite his insistence on the wickedness and weaknesses of human nature. Yet, how can any one speak of it today, with every soul in a prison, with every heart fettered, wounded, and maimed?John Burroughs has stated that experimental study of animals in captivity is absolutely useless. Their character, their habits, their appetites undergo a complete transformation when torn from their soil in field and forest. With human nature caged in a narrow space, whipped daily into submission, how can we speak of its potentialities?Freedom, expansion, opportunity, and, above all, peace and repose, alone can teach us the real dominant factors of human nature and all its wonderful possibilities.Anarchism, then, really stands for the liberation of the human mind from the dominion of religion; the liberation of the human body from the dominion of property; liberation from the shackles and restraint of government. Anarchism stands for a social order based on the free grouping of individuals for the purpose of producing real social wealth; an order that will guarantee to every human being free access to the earth and full enjoyment of the necessities of life, according to individual desires, tastes, and inclinations.This is not a wild fancy or an aberration of the mind. It is the conclusion arrived at by hosts of intellectual men and women the world over; a conclusion resulting from the close and studious observation of the tendencies of modern society: individual liberty and economic equality, the twin forces for the birth of what is fine and true in man.
Chris Difford, Some Fantastic Place|I'm apparently in love with a thirteen-year-old who makes lewd sex jokes in public, shamelessly plays footsy with me under the table the whole time I'm trying to enjoy my shrimp scampi, and is insatiably horny at all hours of the day.
Sinclair Lewis, Babbitt|For many years I have regarded the Pentateuch simply as a record of a barbarous people, in which are found a great number of the ceremonies of savagery, many absurd and unjust laws, and thousands of ideas inconsistent with known and demonstrated facts. To me it seemed almost a crime to teach that this record was written by inspired men; that slavery, polygamy, wars of conquest and extermination were right, and that there was a time when men could win the approbation of infinite Intelligence, Justice, and Mercy, by violating maidens and by butchering babes.
Paulo Coelho, The Pilgrimage|I believe that this Nation should commit itself to achieving the goal, before this decade is out, of landing a man on the moon and returning him safely to earth.
Chuck Palahniuk, Survivor|You can tell people the truth, but they'll never believe you until the event. In the meantime, the truth will just piss them off and get you in a lot of trouble.
Steve Maraboli|I need to give you one last bit of advice in the off chance this rather extraordinary and enviable situation in which you find yourself is actually true- that somehow you've fallen deep down into a Cordova story. I stared back at him. Be the good guy, he said. How do I know I'm the good guy? He pointed at me, nodding. A very wise question. You don't. Most bad guys think they're good. But there are a few signifiers. You'll be miserable. You'll be hated. You'll fumble around in the dark, alone and confused. You'll have little insight as to the true nature of things, not until the very last minute, and only if you have the stamina and the madness to go to the very, very end. But most importantly- and critically- you will act without regard for yourself. You'll be motivated by something that has nothing to do with the ego. You'll do it for justice. For grace. For love. Those large rather heroic qualities only the good have the strength to carry on their shoulders. And you'll listen.
Auliq Ice|Courage creates and makes more wounds, but its good for the brave and not the strong ones without wisdom.
Sunday Adelaja|Forget your past, live for the present day
Jayme K.|I love my haters, they rage and rage and all they do is spreading my word.
Brad Paisley|I have no idea how to get in touch with anyone anymore. Everyone, it seems, has a home phone, a cell phone, a regular e-mail account, a Facebook account, a Twitter account, and a Web site. Some of them also have a Google Voice number. There are the sentimental few who still have fax machines.
Mallika Nawal, I'm a Woman & I'm on SALE|Women are not wrong if they react instinctively – often jealously – against their partner’s interest in porn, since pornography is actually, neurologically, a woman’s destructive rival for her man’s sexual capabilities.
Carmen Posadas, Little Indiscretions|All that work: his generous patronage of the arts, the vast sums of money he had donated to worthy causes, setting up charitable organizations . . . for what? In the end, none of those good works had redeemed him in the eyes of others. People think that men like me give money away to buy forgiveness for a sin or out of vanity, when it's the winner's pathetic tribute to the loser. Look at me, we seem to be begging, I need you too. I need you to accept me, to admire me, to love me.
Margaret Thatcher|Being democratic is not enough, a majority cannot turn what is wrong into right. In order to be considered truly free, countries must also have a deep love of liberty and an abiding respect for the rule of law.
Maya Angelou, Phenomenal Woman: Four Poems Celebrating Women|Her antiquity in preceding and surviving succeeding tellurian generations: her nocturnal predominance: her satellitic dependence: her luminary reflection: her constancy under all her phases, rising and setting by her appointed times, waxing and waning: the forced invariability of her aspect: her indeterminate response to inaffirmative interrogation: her potency over effluent and refluent waters: her power to enamour, to mortify, to invest with beauty, to render insane, to incite to and aid delinquency: the tranquil inscrutability of her visage: the terribility of her isolated dominant resplendent propinquity: her omens of tempest and of calm: the stimulation of her light, her motion and her presence: the admonition of her craters, her arid seas, her silence: her splendour, when visible: her attraction, when invisible.
Carolyn Dean, The Magnesium Miracle|Magnesium deficiency can produce symptoms of anxiety or depression, including muscle weakness, fatigue, eye twitches, insomnia, anorexia, apathy, apprehension, poor memory, confusion, anger, nervousness, and rapid pulse.
Susan Mallery, Almost Perfect|To the stupidity of men, " Dakota said, raising a glass. "And my brother, who is their king.
Michael  Grant, Lies|Albert had created a currency based on gold bullets and McDonald’s game pieces. He’d wanted to call the currency something else, but no one remembered what. So, ’Bertos they were, a play on “Albert,” coined by Howard, of course, who had also come up with “the FAYZ” to describe their weird little world.Sam had thought Albert was nuts with his obsession with creating money. But the evidence was in: Albert’s system was producing just enough food for kids to survive. And a lot more kids were working. Far fewer were just hanging out. It was no longer impossible to get kids to go into the fields and do the backbreaking work of picking crops. They worked for ’Bertos and spent ’Bertos, and for now at least starvation was just a bad memory.
G.K. Chesterton|Without education, we are in a horrible and deadly danger of taking educated people seriously.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|When good people consider you the bad guy, you develop a heart to help the bad ones. You actually understand them.
Elizabeth Strout|But what Tyler longed for was to have The Feeling arrive; when every flicker of light that touched the dipping branches of a weeping willow, every breath of breeze that bent the grass towards the row of apple trees, every shower of yellow ginko leaves dropping to the ground with such direct and tender sweetness, would fill the minister with profound and irreducible knowledge that God was right there.
Amy Adams|It's a sad thing to contemplate, but I'm the last surviving cast member of 'The African Queen.'
Groucho Marx|I never forget a face, but in your case I'll be glad to make an exception.
Nalini Singh, Archangel's Consort|Perhaps to bring good into the world, she needed to mix a little evil in it first.
Uzoma Nnadi|I am your friend,” Gous said. “I drank with you, didn’t I?”Kline tried to nod but nothing happened. He could see the wrappings around Gous’ hand staining with blood.“Besides,” said Gous, “friendship is one thing, God another.
Kris Kidd, Return to Sender|When you’re finally finished crying, I hope you run as fast and as far as you possibly can from me. When you land, out of breath, and I’m finally out of sight, finally out of mind, you’ll be honestly fine. All wounds will be healed. All fires will be extinguished. I’ll be a memory. Feel free to repress me.
John Green, Will Grayson, Will Grayson|Can’t count on no miracles. Sometimes, you just got to have a plan.
Henrietta Newton Martin|A will can save one’s family from being put into a quagmired pit of legal conundrum, in case of death (which may even be untimely).
Olivia Sudjic, Sympathy|„You know, life is just programmed chaos. Everybody starts out on one side—that’s the programmed part. But then chaos happens, and our album flips. We get fat or thin, or dye our hair and pierce our nose. But those are just our outsides. Our insides are still beautiful, even if we think we’re ugly children.
Lailah Gifty Akita|To die is different from what anyone supposed, and luckier.
Epictetus|The ninety and nine are with dreams, content but the hope of the world made new, is the hundredth man who is grimly bent on making those dreams come true.
Charles Yu, How to Live Safely in a Science Fictional Universe|Yaicha and Darren told me that I wasthe mailman's child,and I got so angry,stalking away,hot steam in my ribs.Yaicha and Darrentold me that I was the mailman's childand now I am thinkinghow wonderful it would beto havethe mailman asmy father.
George Henry Lewes|I used to write stories a lot because you had to fill your hours some other way than watching television. So my imagination was vivid, and I used to write a lot of stories. I wrote a novel, which I still have, which is so awful.
Nicole Deese, All for Anna|Empty night, Harry. Didn't your little adventure in the lake teach you a damned thing?"I scowled some more. "Like what?""Like life is short," he [Thomas] said. "Like you don't know when it's going to end. Like some things, left unsaid, can't ever be said.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|Yeah,” said Harry. “No more pretending we care what happens when Jupiter and Uranus get too friendly . 
Sam Kean, The Disappearing Spoon: And Other True Tales of Madness, Love, and the History of the World from the Periodic Table of the Elements|Silly girl, it's not what the universe gives us that matters. It's what we give the universe.
Dmitri Mendeleev|No one can arrive from being talented alone, work transforms talent into genius.
John, The World English Bible (WEB): 1 John|In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. He was with God in the beginning. Through him all things were made; without him nothing was made that has been made. In him was life, and that life was the light of all mankind. The light shines in the darkness, and the darkness has not overcomea it.
Emmanuelle de Maupassant, The Gentlemen's Club|Drink the sun’s warmth and the moon’s icy glitter, and taste that which the dead and the yet-to-be-born cannot: the potency of this world.
M.L. von Franz|The miracle of the appropriateness of the language of mathematics for the formulation of the laws of physics is a wonderful gift which we neither understand nor deserve. We should be grateful for it and hope that it will remain valid in future research and that it will extend, for better or for worse, to our pleasure, even though perhaps also to our bafflement, to wide branches of learning.
Sunday Adelaja|If we indeed possess light we shall never be afraid to go and face darkness anywhere, any-time.
Todd Crawshaw, Light-Years in the Dark: Storypoems|As a general rule, I surmise that most fictional stories are populated by misfits, changelings, and oddities, which is what makes the writing interesting and considered novel.
Margaret Wertheim|The earth is such a voluminous, sparse, wild place that has its own rhythm that human beings try to control and strategize our way around, but the truth is, if you're out someplace like the ocean on a capsized boat, it doesn't matter if you have academic degrees, or if you're a martial-arts ninja. Nature is a bigger force than you.
Louis Sachar, The Cardturner: A Novel about a King, a Queen, and a Joker|I want to reach back into my history with a grade-school pink eraser, scrubbing away my decisions like mistakes on a math test. To bad I drew my mistakes in ink.
Natalia Rose, Detox for Women: An All New Approach for a Sleek Body and Radiant Health in 4 Weeks|Health nuts are going to feel stupid someday, lying in hospitals dying of nothing...
Billy Dee Williams|Leo Hurwicz is the father of mechanism design theory and has inspired much of my work, and Roger Myerson is an old friend and collaborator and a tremendous economist.
Tom Stoppard, Arcadia|Carnal embrace is sexual congress, which is the insertion of the male genital organ into the female genital organ for purposes of procreation and pleasure. Fermat’s last theorem, by contrast, asserts that when x, y and z are whole numbers each raised to power of n, the sum of the first two can never equal the third when n is greater than 2.
Murasaki Shikibu, The Tale of Genji|Just as she was about to turn, she caught a whiff of something sweet. She inhaled deeply, instinctively wanting to savor it, but then she nearly choked when it landed on her tongue with a bitter taste. It was so strong she actually made a face.That, her grandmother had described to her once after making a particularly bad lemon cream pie, was exactly what regret tasted like.
Boethius, The Consolation of Philosophy|So dry your tears. Fortune has not yet turned her hatred against all your blessings. The storm has not yet broken upon you with too much violence. Your anchors are holding firm and they permit you both comfort in the present, and hope in the future.
Antonia Michaelis, The Storyteller|You can't change things. That's life. Poor stays poor, rich says rich, and those two, they will never meet.
Diana Rasmussen, Snow White Darkness|Stupid people don’t always know that they’re stupid. They might be aware that something is wrong, they might notice that things don’t usually turn out the way they imagined, but very few of them think it’s because of them. That they’re the root of their own problems, so to speak. And that sort of thing can be very difficult to explain.
James E. Talmage|Before publication, and if provided by persons whose judgment you trust, yes, of course criticism helps. But after something is published, all I want to read or hear is praise.
Jo Baker, A Country Road, A Tree|RACHEL MADDUX | ON STAYING HUNGRY Hunger is everything because it’s nothing - not yet - just raw promise, one lack that may eclipse others: talent, pedigree, luck. Like sharks, the hungry must always keep moving, hunting, killing, “killing it.” - Scratch: Writers, Money, and the Art of Making a Living
Nelson Goodman|We make versions, and true versions make worlds.
Jim George|Life without God is a long and fruitless search for enjoyment, meaning, and fulfillment.
Debasish Mridha|Trying to fit in will not change a society. To change it, you have to be brave, fearless, and strong enough to withstand societal criticism so that you may break the boundary and let light come in.
Zack Love, Stories and Scripts: an Anthology|Teddy was reminded of Paterson, but that polyglot population had appeared healthier, more hopeful, the American mood more fertile then in its promises, and the streets of Silk City with their little yards holding a fuchsia bush or a blue-robed plaster statue of the Virgin more livable than these stacked, stinking, ill-lit dens. He had been a part of the population then, a schoolboy immersed in its details of competition and expectation and childish collusion and hierarchy, alive in its struggle and too absorbed to judge or pity, whereas now he came upon it from outside, from above, as an agent of power and ownership, an enforcer and avenger, the representative of the system which squeezed the lowly by the same iron laws whereby it generation profits for the lucky and strong.
Viet Thanh Nguyen|All wars are fought twice, the first time on the battlefield, the second time in memory.
Ashok  Kallarakkal|If you do not see light at the end of the tunnel, consider it an opportunity to create an opening yourself, wherever you want.
Lynn A. Robinson, Divine Intuition: Your Inner Guide to Purpose, Peace, and Prosperity, Revised and Updated|As human beings, we haven’t lost our intuition; we just stopped paying attention
Junot Díaz|Even when battered and broken, he was beautiful. Yes, a guy could be beautiful. Especially if that guy was Deandre.
Liev Schreiber|I love skating and sparkling and flying around the ice, and people clap for you. It's an amazing feeling.
Anne Wojcicki|I first heard about 'genes' when I was six years old. At dinner one night, I heard my mom tell my sister, 'It's in your genes.'
Tom Snyder|If we're not supposed to eat animals, how come they're made out of meat?
David Carr, The Night of the Gun|it's been a long time since i've thought about that night, that wonderful raucous night. I can still see the president s surprise and amusement while opening gifts. I can still hear the music, the guests singing along and the president having such a wonderful time surrounded by his closest family and friends. What a privilege it was to have been there, to witness the joy and laughter. But Always, when I remember that special birthday celebration on the Sequoia, I can't help but think it should not have been his last. At forty six it shouldn't have been his last
Ernest Hemingway, The Old Man and the Sea|I have never seen or heard of such a fish. But I must kill him. I am glad we do not have to try to kill the stars.” Imagine if each day a man must try to kill the moon, he thought. The moon runs away. . . . Then he was sorry for the great fish that had nothing to eat and his determination to kill him never relaxed in his sorrow for him. . . . There is no one worthy of eating him from the manner of his behavior and his great dignity. I do not understand these things, he thought. But it is good that we do not have to try to kill the sun or the moon or the stars. It is enough to live on the sea and kill our true brothers.
E.S. Carter, Three|Tomorrow is the day that I finally get to chase my future. Tomorrow is the day that I make her mine again and this time, I won't ever let her push me away.
-Joseph Jiyun Yang|Don't expect a good life, just expect to be good in life." -Joseph Jiyun Yang
John Keats, The Complete Poems|Open wide the mind's cage-door,She'll dart forth, and cloudward soar.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Fell Beneath Fairyland and Led the Revels There|Human behavior is incredibly pliable, plastic.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|Love is a vision, a firefly that majestically glows in the night for some time; then, it winks at you and swiftly disappears.
Dylan Perry, Gods Just Want To Have Fun|At twenty years old, Michael had vague plans to make changes in his life, but turning blue whilst stood in a walk-in bath in an old people's home wasn't one of them. Usually boys of his age might consider changes along the lines of smoking less grass at home, at college or at work, to be a good idea. Or maybe spending less time on that solitary pursuit common to men of his age across the globe. Enjoyable though he found it, he was going to cut back on the procrastination, but that was going to have to wait.
Suman Pokhrel|May this night come wearing drunk cloak of love, carrying passionate desires, and intoxication of love! Tonight, may I get so drunk in love that I do not see any dreams!
Audrey Dry, Sin mirar atrás|Y, entonces, en ese instante que tan solo dura un segundo, el cerebro se encarga de abrir la cerradura del cofre en el cual guardas todo lo que aprecias. Cede de tal manera que la tapa se abre y todo lo que hay en el interior sale de forma tan rápida y tan fugaz que no puedes detenerlo.
Domonique Bertolucci, The Happiness Code: Ten Keys to Being the Best You Can Be|Worrying about money isone of the biggest causes ofunhappiness, but no amountof money can make you happyunless you change theway you feel about it.
A.B. Yehoshua, The Retrospective|I'm lucky enough to be able to make films and so I don't need a psychiatrist. I can sort out my fears and all those things with my work. That's an enormous privilege. That's the privilege of all artists, to be able to sort out their unhappiness and their neuroses in order to create something.
Bob Goff, Love Does: Discover a Secretly Incredible Life in an Ordinary World|At the heart of her bad nature, like many bad natures, was probably envy. And at the heart of envy was possibly hope - that the good fortune of others might one day be hers
Jidenna|Technologies evolve in the strangest ways. Computers were created to calculate ballistics equations, and now we use them to create amusing illusions. Creating amusing illusions is a big business if you play it right.
George Eldon Ladd, A Theology of the New Testament|The presence of the messianic salvation is also seen in Jesus' miracles of healing, for which the Greek word meaning "to save" is used. The presence of the Kingdom of God in Jesus meant deliverance from hemorrhage (Mk 5:34), blindness (Mk 10:52), demon possession (Lk 8:36), and even death itself (Mk 5:23). Jesus claimed that these deliverances were evidences of the presence of the messianic salvation (Mt 11:4-5). They were pledges of the life of the eschatological Kingdom that will finally mean immortality for the body. The Kingdom of God is concerned not only with people’s souls but with the salvation of the whole person.
Robert Duvall|Conscious of my own weakness, I can only seek fervently the guidance of the Ruler of the Universe, and, relying on His all-powerful aid, do my best to restore Union and peace to a suffering people, and to establish and guard their liberties and rights.
Alex Morgan|We want to uplift the culture of Filipino - our respect to our elders, how we pray before we eat and sleep. These are things the younger generations tend to forget because of our exposure to other cultures.
Ai Weiwei|I've been pretty focused my entire life, and now that I have a family, I'm just going to keep that focus, but it's going to be a family focus.
Emily Dickinson, The Complete Poems of Emily Dickinson|I measure every Grief I meetWith narrow, probing, eyes –I wonder if It weighs like Mine –Or has an Easier size.I wonder if They bore it long –Or did it just begin –I could not tell the Date of Mine –It feels so old a pain –I wonder if it hurts to live –And if They have to try –And whether – could They choose between –It would not be – to die –I note that Some – gone patient long –At length, renew their smile –An imitation of a LightThat has so little Oil –I wonder if when Years have piled –Some Thousands – on the Harm –That hurt them early – such a lapseCould give them any Balm.
Akiroq Brost|In acceptance, I am grounded. In vulnerability, I am strong. In love, I am whole.
Nicholas Kristof|Right now, I'm not really thinking about marriage.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Those who jump out of airplanes do not love life—they deny it, which, of course, is not done without a certain naughty exhilaration. Like children they relish tugging on the apron of Mother Nature, as long as she doesn’t turn and slap them.
Arthur Schopenhauer, The Works of Schopenhauer: The Wisdom of Life and Other Essays|The idea that you might end up in a job that doesn't allow you to be who you are, over the course of a lifetime, is still one of the most chilling nightmares to me. It's a good metaphor for fears I have about losing my soul in some accidental, mundane way. So, to me, these jobs that my characters have are very loaded. They immediately suggest a complex character to me, a woman who is, say, a secretary, but also a vigilante on behalf of her own soul.
Hubert Martin|I always thought time was the most valuable currency, but I realized the people we spent our time on and loved us back, that love held even more meaning to me.
John Ortberg|Most single moms are very poor, uneducated, can't get a job, and if it weren't for government assistance, their kids would be starving to death and never have health care. And that's the story that we're not seeing, and it's unfortunate that we glorify and glamorize the idea of out of children wedlock.
Najib Mikati|It will give them the opportunity to show themselves worthy of the respect and friendship of peace-loving nations, and in time, to take an honorable place among members of the United Nations.
Catharine Maria Sedgwick, Hope Leslie: or, Early Times in the Massachusetts|Marriage is not essential to the contentment, the dignity, or the happiness of woman.
A. J. Jacobs|I travel 330 days a year and eat every two and a half hours - I'm a big guy. I always carry a fork, little bottles of spices, and Sriracha. I eat what I feel like eating.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|How could we have achieved the set-goal, without endurance to the end?
Beverly Engel, The Emotionally Abusive Relationship: How to Stop Being Abused and How to Stop Abusing|With emotional abuse, the insults, insinuations, criticism, and accusations slowly eat away at the victim’s self-esteem until he or she is incapable of judging a situation realistically. He or she may begin to believe that there is something wrong with them or even fear they are losing their mind. They have become so beaten down emotionally that they blame themselves for the abuse.
Brent M. Jones|Take time for the clearance of the mind, preparing for adherence to perseverance for the journey of another thousand miles.
Sunday Adelaja|Knowledge only becomes wisdom, when it is utilized and produces fruit that makes it possibleto reach the goals that God has set.
Henry de Vere Stacpoole, The Blue Lagoon|One increasingly hears rumors of a reconciliation between science and religion. In major news magazines as well as at academic conferences, the claim is made that that belief in the success of science in describing the workings of the world is no longer thought to be in conflict with faith in God. I would like to argue against this trend, in favor of a more old-fashioned point of view that is still more characteristic of most scientists, who tend to disbelieve in any religious component to the workings of the universe.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|Very often in everyday life one sees that by losing one's temper with someone who has already lost his, one does not gain anything but only sets out upon the path of stupidity. He who has enough self-control to stand firm at the moment when the other person is in a temper, wins in the end. It is not he who has spoken a hundred words aloud who has won; it is he who has perhaps spoken only one word.
Mandy Nachampassack-Maloney, Asha in Time|Her face may have been the most beautiful female face I have ever seen. Yet, it was a beauty that was intimidating and overwhelming. It was an exquisiteness that made you want to turn and run, instead of approach.
Daisaku Ikeda|The Christian experiences and lives a paradox. He possesses joy in sorrow, fulfillment in exile, light in darkness, peace in turmoil, consolation in dryness, contentment in pain and hope in desolation.
Amit Kalantri|No matter how many times audience has already applauded, the sound of their applause will get louder with the better quality of your magic effect.
Elaine  White, Runaway Girl|Right. I can see it now. Merry Christmas, everybody! And by the way, did I tell you I'm a vampire? No need to pass the gravy, just bare your neck-
Mehmet Murat ildan|For a man, no more beautiful wish has ever found yet than wishing him a life full of kindness!
Paul Haggis|In fiction, imaginary people become realer to us than any named celebrity glimpsed in a series of rumored events, whose causes and subtler ramifications must remain in the dark. An invented figure like Anna Karenina or Emma Bovary emerges fully into the light of understanding, which brings with it identification, sympathy and pity.
C.S. Lewis, Reflections on the Psalms|The only fear that builds character, is the fear of God.
Jimmy Breslin|I like whiskey. I always did, and that is why I never drink it.
Sheri Kaye Hoff, Relax Into Inspired Action: Connect the Pieces and Live Fulfilled|Managing emotions is about living your truth rather than suffering a series of reactions. You are a powerful creator and more than your emotions.Emotions are a good guiding system to let you know what is going on inside; but they are not the rulers of your world. Appreciate your emotional range which is part of the wonderful human experience, but keep your inner guidance system in place. Follow your path. Choose your destination.
Hilal Hamdaan|Behind the depressing silence of the sea, the silence of God …. the feeling that while men raise their voices in anguish God remains with folded arms, silent.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|Do not try to understand love, rather, stand in love and observe what happens around you.
Magus Guidan, Legend of the Phoenix: Rise of Crescent|For no matter how many battles had been won or lost, no matter how many friends and soldiers killed, every battle felt like the first. And I realized that it wasn't the training, nor the pain of seeing friends die, nor the will to win that made the men fight, but their will to survive that made them soldiers.
Sheri S. Tepper, A Plague of Angels|please don't cook me, kind sirs! I am a good cook myself, and cook better than I cook, if you see what I mean.
William Shakespeare, Shakespeare's Sonnets|And shake the yoke of inauspicious starsFrom this world-wearied flesh. Eyes, look your last!
Stephen King, Wizard and Glass|Men! She could not understand why so many women feared them. Hadn't the gods made them with the most vulnerable part of their guts hanging right out of their bodies, like a misplaced bit of bowel? Kick them there and they curled up like snails. Caress them there and their brains melted.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Watching our closest living relatives, the chimpanzees, is reading the first chapter of human-being’s adventures in this universe!
Lailah Gifty Akita|...the power of grace can work great things in the human person, greater than we might have dared to hope...(pg.52 in The Examen Prayer).
Peter Capaldi|If you make action movies, the critics will savage you, and then your movies are outdated the following week with the new wave of special effects.
Barack Obama|Mental health can improve overall well-being and prevent other illnesses. And since mental health problems have a serious economic impact on vulnerable communities, making them a priority can save lives and markedly improve people's quality of life.
Matt Haig, Reasons to Stay Alive|I wanted to be dead. No. That's not quite right. I didn't want to be dead, I just didn't want to be alive.
Katie McGarry, Crash into You|A survey of Canadian media consumption by Microsoft concluded that the average attention span had fallen to eight seconds, down from 12 in the year 2000.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|Listen my dear sister! You only fix something, when it’s broken. And you - are far from broken. Say to yourself, I am perfect, the way I am. Say to yourself, I am beautiful the way I am. Say to yourself, those who do not accept me the way I am, do not deserve me in their life.
Alice Walker, The Color Purple|Strange how mean words can return to ones thoughts, years after they’ve been callously thrown at you. They replay in your mind, spiking a sense of remembered pain. Nasty name calling can be an ugly memory that stabs unexpectedly—not unlike a nightmare where you wake up crying. Sticks and stones, may break your bones—yet, cruel names can hurt you.
Tennessee Williams|When things don't change, their sameness becomes an accretion. That is why all society puts on flesh. Succumbs to the cubicles and begins to fill them.
Linda  Gray, The Road to Happiness is Always Under Construction|When you’re seventy-five, you are still going to be you.
Vivien Shotwell, Vienna Nocturne|The only times she ever felt at peace now were at his concerts. Then she could sit quietly, watching him, and sate her heart. In his music was where he lived and revived, and where she'd first loved him. And she knew, always, always when she was there, that he played for her.
Donald Miller, A Million Miles in a Thousand Years: What I Learned While Editing My Life|The reward you get from a story is always less than you thought it would be, and the work is harder than you imagined. The point of a story is never about the ending, remember. It's about your character getting molded in the hard work of the middle. At some point the shore behind you stops getting smaller, and you paddle and wonder why the same strokes that used to move you now only rock the boat. You got the wife, but you don't know if you like her anymore and you've only been married for five years. You want to wake up and walk into the living room in your underwear and watch football and let your daughters play with the dog because the far shore doesn't get closer no matter how hard you paddle.The shore you left is just as distant, and there is no going back; there is only the decision to paddle in place or stop, slide out of the hatch, and sink into the sea. Maybe there's another story at the bottom of the sea. Maybe you don't have to be in this story anymore.
Belsebuub, Gazing into the Eternal: Reflections upon a Deeper Purpose to Living|Maybe the Truth of the Meaning of Life, Ancient and Arcane Knowledge of the Great Unknowable Universe is handed down only to persons presenting with the correct brand-name footwear. If you turn up wearing Shoe City knock-offs, you don't get to pass Go and collect Infinite Enlightenment.
Dada Bhagwan|After getting respect, one will get an equal amount of insult, if not in this life then the next. If you taste even the slightest of pleasure from this body-complex [pudgal], you will have to pay back an equivalent amount. Therefore become attachment-free (vitarag).
Debasish Mridha|Feel the kiss of ocean breeze,Hear the song of dancing waveLet your soul fly away with seagullsTo fill the heart with the joy of life.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Critics are loud, but success is louder.
Marsha Norman, 'night, Mother|No. You can't. And I can't do anything either, about my life, to change it, make it better, make me feel better about it. Like it better, make it work. But I can stop it. Shut it down, turn it off like the radio when there's nothing on I want to listen to. It's all I really have that belongs to me and I'm going to say what happens to it. And it's going to stop. And I'm going to stop it. So. Let's just have a good time.
Laini Taylor, Night of Cake & Puppets|it's weird how we try our best to build our lives , and then we simply fall in love with the wrong person who destroys everything we happen to give years to build and the real problem is sometimes we don't even mind!
Allan Dare Pearce, Hitler Burns Detroit|Some days in the camp you prayed to live; some days you prayed to die quick. Some days you didn't bother praying, knowing there was no sense to anything.
Anna Kendrick, Scrappy Little Nobody|I think I need to become perfect all at once, so I keep getting overwhelmed and putting it off. I can't remember the last time that I didn't have something hanging over my head. There are usually about thirty to eighty things. Is that normal? Don't tell me. If it's not, I'm a jerk. If it is, that's super-depressing, and I know I'll just use 'this is normal' as an excuse to procrastinate even more.
Janet Malcolm|Someone was waving a large pink-and-white sign that read, "Don't Worry, Be Happy." I was trying, and so were at least thirty thousand other bodies, with varying degrees of post-Aquarian patience, to see the Who for the first time in a year.
John Lasseter|Car love is the sound of a throaty V-8 rumbling and revving, the acceleration throwing you back in the seat - especially when you get on a beautiful, winding road and the light's dappling through the trees.
Anna Lefler, Preschooled|Teeny, it’ll never be a fair fight with Harry. You’re his Cadillac Ranch…but he’s your Chernobyl.” ~ Ruthie
Mary Oliver, New and Selected Poems, Vol. 1|You always were beautiful, and you always will be beautiful.
Biz Stone, Things a Little Bird Told Me: Confessions of the Creative Mind|The key to finding financial freedom is to unlock your entrepreneurial intelligence, work your network and lead the time.
Erykah Badu|I'm like Albert Schweitzer and Bertrand Russell and Albert Einstein in that I have a respect for life - in any form. I believe in nature, in the birds, the sea, the sky, in everything I can see or that there is real evidence for. If these things are what you mean by God, then I believe in God.
Lois Lowry, The Giver|Gabe?"The newchild stirred slightly in his sleep. Jonas looked over at him. "There could be love", Jonas whispered.
Jean-Paul Sartre, Black Orpheus|Seconds turn into minutes and minutes into hours. It is all still the same. Or it no longer is. If I were to ask what has changed, perhaps nothing, but conceivably everything would be the befitting reply. I no longer feel the same. Loss preceded me, alienating my soul from the body. I feel I am gliding through an alley making a journey from the known towards the unknown. There is a deep abyss inside where sometime back, my heart used to beat and a noisy, rusty old machine has replaced my mind; solitarily creating useless noise.I don’t remember what day it is and since when have I been lying here. It must have been yesterday… or was it day before. I cannot recollect anything except the dull throbbing pain inside my brain. I can see the time, almost 9: 45, difficult to say which time of the day it is. The bigger hand is soon going to overshadow the smaller hand. It looks like a game of cat and mouse; the bigger hand chasing the smaller one. Anyone stronger in terms of physical appearance, money, power, fame or name tramples upon the weak ones - that is the rule of the world. There are only two possible reasons behind it, love or hate. When you love someone you want to control everything that person does and hence, sometimes, knowingly or unknowingly you squash them like melons. While on the other hand in the case of hate, there is no need to specify the reason for walking over someone like that. Hate is a strong reason in itself. I am confused as to what crushed me, was it love or hate? I somehow don’t like the sound of it – love, it in itself smells of treachery, for love is not a pure emotion. Lust and hatred are the only pure emotions. Love is camouflaged, for needs and desires. Desires – they are magical in their own way. They can be innocent. They can be monstrous. But they exist, no matter what, and many such needs and desires make us helpless slaves of the same. We hide these desires either in the realms of our mind or in the dusty corners of our hearts for we are scared…what if someone finds out what we desire. We give them identities so as to not let the real thing show. The only thing visible on the front is a mask we wear to deceive people or that’s what I thought. For I was deceived while I believed I am the deceiver. Or was I not? I debated as my mind once again tried to enter a sleep-induced trance.
Vladimir Putin|Don't ever let your business get ahead of the financial side of your business. Accounting, accounting, accounting. Know your numbers.
Aldous Huxley, The Genius And The Goddess|What a gulf between impression and expression! That’s our ironic fate—to have Shakespearean feelings and (unless by some billion-to-one chance we happen to be Shakespeare) to talk about them like automobile salesmen or teen-agers or college professors. We practice alchemy in reverse—touch gold and it turns into lead; touch the pure lyrics of experience, and they turn into the verbal equivalents of tripe and hogwash.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If you know the value of prayer, you will pray every second.
Alan Bennett, The Uncommon Reader|[B]riefing is not reading. In fact it is the antithesis of reading. Briefing is terse, factual and to the point. Reading is untidy, discursive and perpetually inviting. Briefing closes down a subject, reading opens it up.
Sherrilyn Kenyon|Atal felt a spectral change in the air, as if the laws of earth were bowing to greater laws.
W.H. Auden, The Dyer's Hand|In the eyes of others a man is a poet if he has written one good poem. In his own he is only a poet at the moment when he is making his last revision to a new poem. The moment before, he was still only a potential poet; the moment after, he is a man who has ceased to write poetry, perhaps forever.
Frederick Espiritu, One Whole Naked Me|If breath is as close as I can get,tomorrow, I’ll become the windjust to be with you again.
George Mikes, How to Be an Alien: A Handbook for Beginners and Advanced Pupils|When I am alone in the forest at night-time and jump from one tree to another, I often think that life is so strange.
Ellen Key|My parents thought it was nice to develop my imagination, but they never seriously thought that anything would ever come of it. They said that I couldn't be an actress because I would be taller than all my leading men, so I thought I would be a writer instead.
Phil Schiller|We didn't know the importance of home computers before the Internet. We had them mostly for fun, then the Internet came along and was enabled by all the PCs out there.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|Humans have come into being for the sake of each other, so either teach them, or learn to bear them.
Meghan Markle|I always want off-the-beaten-path, Anthony Bourdain-inspired travel.
Jack Henry Kraven|Inspiration comes from your writing. Thoughts meander subliminally through our subconscious, at night when we sleep the brain is working. In the act of writing, phrases come out and you think: wow, did I write this? Did I have that insight? Sometimes you know something is good, good within your own limits, and those parts make life worth living.
Sachin sawariya|This is The matter was of love,that's why I spent my life on youOtherwise this beauty becomes easily available in the market also
Emma Cline, The Girls|The man was bearing down on me. My hands were limp and wet. Please, I thought. Please. Who was I addressing? The man? God? Whoever handled these things.
David Coverdale|The cartoon is a metaphor really for the fact that it's almost impossible in our celebrity obsessed culture to move around genres and sort of change you ideas, change your face, you know?
Germany Kent|Hit the reset button. Whatever happened yesterday, forget about it. Get a new perspective. Today is a new day. Fresh start, begins now.
José Saramago, Death with Interruptions|En su habitación del hotel la muerte, desnuda, está delante del espejo. No sabe quién es.
Christian Serratos|I didn't grow up around wild horses, no. But I've appreciated their beauty and their power ever since I can remember.
Jens Lekman|Vladimir Putin is only going to respond to action, strength, and resolve. He's not going to respond to words.
Suzy  Davies, Johari's Window|His lone withdrawing figure blended anonymously with the darkness, Dr Raven's quick, light steps becoming gradually distant, drowned out by the clicking staccato rush of trains, the steady drip of rainwater, and the clock of a nearby church as it heralded the hour
Robert  Black|There are only two people in your life, they will either give you a negative feeling, or a warm feeling, when you think of them.
Mandy Hale|Be yourself!’ said Gro. ‘No one will hear any of you otherwise, still less trust you. That’s the most important thing of all. If you’re not yourself you just can’t sustain it in the long term.
Avijeet Das|What time is it?""Three a.m. Michael's making a snack. You want anything?""Um...no. Thanks." She slid off the couch and then stood there like an idiot, unwilling to leave because he was still smiling and...she liked it. "Who won?""Which game?""Oh. I guess I was asleep for a while.""Don't worry. We didn't let the zombies get you." This time, his smile was positively wicked. Claire felt it like a hot blanket all over her skin.
Jakub Marian, Improve your English pronunciation and learn over 500 commonly mispronounced words|Ho ho ho, tell me why you are not at home' is something Santa Claus could ask you if you stayed in a hotel over Christmas. It is most certainly not the reason why it is called 'hotel', but it will hopefully help you remember that the stress is actually on the second syllable.
Sara Sheridan, Brighton Belle|I knew that I was talented. I was positive about that. I wasn’t sure exactly what I was talented at, but I was ambitious enough to wait it out and see what turned up.
Lena Horne|All still lifes are actually paintings of the world on the sixth day of creation, when God and the world were alone together, without man!
Jasper Carrott|I believe that reforming our intelligence community is one of the most important things that we can do in order to ensure that our country is in fact safer, stronger and wiser.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|We shall suffer no attachment to literature, no taste for abstract discussion, no love of purely intellectual theories, to seduce us from our devotion to the cause of the oppressed, the down trodden, the insulted and injured masses of our fellow men.
Shannon L. Alder|It was machines that scanned the heavens, machines that probed the space between atoms, machines that asked the questions and designed to experiments to answer them. All that was left for mere meat, apparently, was navel-gazing.
Megan Shepherd, The Secret Horses of Briar Hill|We are always growing up. I'm growing up as I type this. An eighty-seven-year-old woman is still technically growing up. So be as immature as you want. Right now, you are the youngest you you're ever going to be.
Pablo Picasso|We're constantly striving for success, fame and comfort when all we really need to be happy is someone or some thing to be enthusiastic about.
Tracey Emin, Strangeland|My New Year's Eve is always 2 July, the night before my birthday. That's the night I make my resolutions. And this year scares the life out of me, because no matter how successful, how good things appear, there is always a deep core of failure within me, although I am trying to deal with it. My biggest fear, this coming year, is that I will be waking up alone.It makes me wonder how many bodies will be fished out of the Thames, how many decaying corpses will be found in one-room flats. I'm just being realistic.
Gordon B. Hinckley|I retire with a smile on my face, in good health, and ready to spend autumns at my kids' games instead of my own. I'm excited to start the next chapter of my life.
Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath|I can't deceive myself that out of the bare stark realization that no matter how enthusiastic you are, no matter how sure that character is fate, nothing is real, past or future, when you are alone in your room with the clock ticking loudly into the false cheerful brilliance of the electric light. And if you have no past or future which, after all, is all that the present is made of, why then you may as well dispose of the empty shell of present and commit suicide.
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|You're just so confident and self-sufficient. So many girls - especially in my world - are so insecure and jealous. We rely so much on one another, but we're so mean to each other at the same time. We could use more women like you to look up to.
Tituss Burgess|I do not have bad days. I don't wake up in the morning and think that I'm going to get AIDS. I don't dream bad dreams about it. If I did, I'd be giving in to the negativity.
Stephen Few, Signal: Understanding What Matters in a World of Noise|Just because we grew up with the Internet, we think that the Internet is all grown up.
Abhijit Naskar, Human Making is Our Mission: A Treatise on Parenting|Luxury is the enemy of growth. This is the one thing that I learnt from my father, and I approve of it fully. Abundance is neither good nor healthy for the growth of a child’s mind.
Michael Bassey Johnson, Master of Maxims|Don't devalue yourself, you are the world's most precious stone.
Bhavik Sarkhedi, The Weak Point Dealer|We must minister out of weakness. The reason we help others is not because we are strong and they need us; it is because if we don't help them, we will end up a hopeless relic.
Aleister Crowley, Magick Without Tears|How had I lost so much in such a short period of time? It would seem like leaving your family, living in some foreign place, and being separated from the person you love should be events that take years to roll into place, not just a day.
Prince William|You don't have to have anything in common with people you've known since you were five. With old friends, you've got your whole life in common.
Joyce Rachelle|Indifference destroys vocation unlike any other intangible force, for the reason that it shakes the very core of our motivation for doing what we do.
Jalaluddin Rumi|I didn't come here of my own accord, and I can't leave that way.Whoever brought me here will have to take me home.
Johnny Colt|There was an email forwarded to me from a first-grade teacher, and she said she was teaching them civil rights for MLK weekend, and a little first-grader stood up, and he said, 'I can explain segregation,' and proceeded to explain all the scenes from 'Hidden Figures.' And I died because that's everything.
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupāda, Bhagavad-Gita As It Is|Religion without philosophy is sentiment, or sometimes fanaticism, while philosophy without religion is mental speculation.
Leah Rooper|My eyes open and close. I catch a quick glimpse of the people in the room and hear a fading echo from the heart monitor. As I think about my past, remorse bleed into the crevices of my torn heart. Since I’m in this hospital, I might as well prepare for my departure. I like the way that word sounds, it gives off the illusion of a specific journey that an individual is about to take.
Sydney Smith, The Edinburgh Review, Or Critical Journal|The main question to a novel is -- did it amuse? were you surprised at dinner coming so soon? did you mistake eleven for ten? were you too late to dress? and did you sit up beyond the usual hour? If a novel produces these effects, it is good; if it does not -- story, language, love, scandal itself cannot save it. It is only meant to please; and it must do that or it does nothing.
Alexei Maxim Russell|Nowadays, the Internet decides if you're good, not the big man in the big office. No matter how important that man thinks he is, everyone else knows that he's not important anymore, and the Internet decides these things, here in the modern age.
Gary Johnson|The relentless invisible storm of radio signals and electronic particles, the hustle and bustle, and the billions of petrol explosions in the engine blocks of trucks and cars seem to churn up the molecules of life and heaven so violently that the beautiful fogs are unable to hold together like they once did.
G.S. Jennsen, Dissonance|People feared what they did not understand, and they without a doubt did not understand her. Those who believed they did least of all. She was something new.
Stephan Labossiere, How to Get a Woman to Have Sex With You If You’re Her Husband|You may know where to touch her, but that doesn't mean you know how to touch her. Take time to learn what she truly desires.
Jessica Hagedorn|You will certainly not doubt the necessity of studying astronomy and physics, if you are desirous of comprehending the relation between the world and Providence as it is in reality, and not according to imagination.
Boris Pasternak|Poetry is a rich, full-bodied whistle, cracked ice crunching in pails, the night that numbs the leaf, the duel of two nightingales, the sweet pea that has run wild, Creation's tears in shoulder blades.
Catharine Arnold, Necropolis: London and Its Dead|Any relic of the dead is precious, if they were valued living
January Valentine, Wheel Wolf|I gotta go Seth, so I'll leave you to work on being nerdy and withdrawn.”“It's not as easy as it looks, you know.”“I'm sure,” Nine said with a laugh.
Olive Ann Burns, Cold Sassy Tree|They's a heap more to God's will than death, disapoint-ment, and like thet. Hit's God's will for us to be good and do good, love one another, be forgivin'..." He laughed. "I reckon I ain't very forgivin', son. I can forgive a fool, but I ain't inner-rested in coddlin' hypocrites. Well anyhow, folks who think God's will jest has to do with sufferin' and dyin', they done missed the whole point.
Ryū Murakami, In the Miso Soup|After listening to a lot of these stories, I began to think that American loneliness is a completely different creature from anything we experience in this country, and it made me glad I was born Japanese. The type of loneliness where you need to keep struggling to accept a situation is fundamentally different from the sort you know you'll get through if you just hang in there.
Kakuzō Okakura, The Book of Tea|Nothing is more hallowing than the union of kindred spirits in art. At the moment of meeting, the art lover transcends himself. At once he is and is not. He catches a glimpse of Infinity... Freed from the fetters of matter, his spirit moves in the rhythm of things. It is thus that art becomes akin to religion and ennobles mankind. It is this which makes a masterpiece something sacred.
Hannah Harrington, Speechless|I’m still the same Chelsea Knot. Bow down, bitches.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we first purify our souls, we desire to dwell in clean surroundings.
Amy Thomas, Paris, My Sweet: A Year in the City of Light|There is but one Paris and however hard living may be here, and if it became worse and harder even—the French air clears up the brain and does good—a world of good.
Salman Rushdie|As a writer, one of the things we all learned from the movies was a kind of compression that didn't exist before people were used to watching films. For instance, if you wanted to write a flashback in a novel, you once had to really contextualize it a lot, to set it up. Now, readers know exactly what you're doing. Close-ups, too.
Christina Engela, Loderunner|Imagine if you will:At the highly secretive, largely independent, inter-dimensional and (inevitably) clandestine organization called the Time Saving Agency, there is a saying that goes: ‘You can’t break an omelet without first making eggs’. While this may appear to be a rather flippant little idiom, there is – as is usually the case, far more to it than meets the eye.
Roberto Bolaño, 2666|Optimism," said Cacambo, "What is that?" "Alas!" replied Candide, "It is the obstinacy of maintaining that everything is best when it is worst.
Sophia Bush|I shall try and effect all that is before me to perform; and God, I think, will surely give me strength for His work so long as He directs my line of duty.
Nick Hornby, A Long Way Down|Jess thought for a moment. 'You know those films where people fight up the top of the Empire State Building or up a mountain or whatever? And there's always that bit when the baddie slips off and the hero tries to save him, but, like, the sleeve of this jacket tears off and goes over and you hear him all the way down. Aaaaaaaaagh. That's what I want to do.' 'You want to watch me plunge to my doom.' 'I'd like to know that I've made the effort. I want to show people the torn sleeve.
Lori Wilde|Bloody Christmas, here again, let us raise a loving cup, peace on earth, goodwill to men, and make them do the washing up.
Montel Williams|I went to the doctor and he said I had acute appendicitis, and I said compared to who?
Ron White|Nature deals the cards without thought or care, and there is no point in blaming the dealer. All we can do is make the best of the hands we have been dealt.
Debasish Mridha|A new baby is a bundle of hope, a smiling imagination, and a dancing dreams.
Tom Stoppard, The Real Thing|I mean, if Beethoven had been killed in a plane crash at twenty-two, the history of music would have been very different. As would the history of aviation, of course.
Michael Collins|When we lost Bobby, I would wake up in the morning and think, 'He's OK. He's in Heaven, and he's with Jack and a lot of my brothers and sisters and my parents.' So it made it very easy to get through the day thinking he was OK.
Tana French, Broken Harbour|Robbed of a rapt audience, advertisers know that influencing how you spend what to do while depends on having some control over how you spend the resources in your head.
Roberto Bolaño, 2666|He had a little single-story house, three bedrooms, a full bathroom and a half bathroom, a combined kitchen-living room-dining room with windows that faced west, a small brick porch where there was a wooden bench worn by the wind that came down from the mountains and the sea, the wind from the north, the wind through the gaps, the wind that smelled like smoke and came from the south. He had books he'd kept for more than twenty-five years. Not many. All of them old. He had books he'd bought in the last ten years, books he didn't mind lending, books that could've been lost or stolen for all he cared. He had books that he sometimes received neatly packaged and with unfamiliar return addresses, books he didn't even open anymore. He had a yard perfect for growing grass and planting flowers, but he didn't know what flowers would do best there--flowers, as opposed to cacti or succulents. There would be time (so he thought) for gardening. He had a wooden gate that needed a coat of paint. He had a monthly salary.
Geoffrey Wood|At the same time, they find their mind-god has played a trick on them. For mind is a part of the very system it has closed around it, and being inside, there is no reason to think any statement made by some part concerning the whole has any validity. Mind was caused by the material universe, if mind is right. But only the greater can accurately define the lesser, never the other way round, so if mind is right, mind would never know.
Jennifer Estep|...looking up at the stars, he had accepted life as a medium for action. Something to wield like a tool. One’s own life: an instrument for the shaping of the world.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Death doesn't happen instantly. For a little while, you hover around your body, confused. What you want more than anything is to go home, to be safe, to know you're okay. But my life was over.
Wes Adamson, Imagination by Moonlight: Living a bold and successful life|To see something as either black or white is easy. To see the entirety in something that has blending colors takes time. To see something that’s not there, takes one who is a visionary.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|An evil can only be killed by another kind of evil, because the pure spirit of peace can not do killing.
Rebecca Solnit, Hope in the Dark|What lies ahead seems unlikely; when it becomes the past, it seems inevitable.
Christopher Dines, Manifest Your Bliss: A Spiritual Guide to Inner Peace|During the Meiji era, the Japanese Zen master, Nan-in had a visitor from a respected university – a professor who wanted to learn about Zen. Nan-in served the professor a pot of tea, but when the cupwas full, he continued pouring until the cup was overflowing. The startled professor watched in amazement until he could no longer restrain himself from intervening, “The cup is full and no more will go in. You’re making a mess!” “Like this cup,” Nan-insaid, “You are full of your own opinions, artificial concepts and negative speculations. How can I show you Zen unless you first empty your cup?” Like the learned professor who wanted to understand spirituality, you too must empty your cup and have an open mind and heart.
A.S. Peterson, Fiddler's Green|She dove, plunging fully beneath the surface and came up again in tears. Rivulets ran from her face, and the sun ignited them each, transforming them, even amid her sorrow, into gilded runnels set with a diamond shine.
Steve Maraboli|Rules are not proof of our spirituality. If anything, they are proof of our sinfulness, a reminder that we have a tendency toward wrongdoing and that we need help.
Gabriel García Márquez|Never stop smiling not even when you're sad, someone might fall in love with your smile.
Thomas L. Friedman, The Lexus and the Olive Tree|In the age of global market capitalism, hopes and grievances were narrowly conceived, which blunted a sense of common predicament. Poor people didn’t unite; they competed ferociously amongst themselves for gains as slender as they were provisional. And this undercity strife created only the faintest ripple in the fabric of the society at large.The gates of the rich occasionally rattled, remained class. The poor took down one another, and the world’s great, unequal cities soldiered on in relative peace.
Coco Chanel|[Piper] rushed to get dressed. By the time she got up on deck, the others had already gathered—all hastily dressed except for Coach Hedge, who had pulled the night watch. Frank’s Vancouver Winter Olympics shirt was inside out. Percy wore pajama pants and a bronze breastplate, which was an interesting fashion statement. Hazel’s hair was all blown to one side as though she’d walked through a cyclone; and Leo had accidentally set himself on fire. His T-shirt was in charred tatters. His arms were smoking.
Adlai Stevenson|The question we ask is - if there is life on other planets, should we expect it to be based on the same molecules, i.e. be universal - or should we expect it to depend on the local conditions, i.e. on the planet's geochemistry. So to find out, we try experiments on biomolecules, starting with such geochemistry conditions.
Steve Maraboli|Don't be fooled... If they gossip to you, they'll gossip about you.
Paul E. Miller, A Praying Life: Connecting with God in a Distracting World|God is a person, and his universe reflects his personhood. The closer something is to the character of God, the more it reflects him and the less it can be measured. Things such as integrity, beauty, hope, and love are all in the same category as prayer. You can tell their presence and even describe them, but you can't define them, simply because they are too close to God's image.
Julia Child, Mastering the Art of French Cooking|The trouble with eating Italian is that 5 or 6 days later, you're hungry again.
Ravi Ranjan, My Experience with 498A: Are all marriages made in heaven?|While we mortals fumble through ambiguity, he never loses his harmony #MyExperiencewith498A
Anton Chekhov|Capital is money, capital is commodities. By virtue of it being value, it has acquired the occult ability to add value to itself. It brings forth living offspring, or, at the least, lays golden eggs.
Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner|Some philosophers can't bear to say simple things, like "Suppose a dog bites a man." They feel obliged instead to say, "Suppose a dog d bites a man m at time t," thereby demonstrating their unshakable commitment to logical rigor, even though they don't go on to manipulate any formulae involving d, m, and t.
Gwenda Bond, Double Down|I know you don't want to be me. But I'd hate for you to ever feel like you're in my shadow. You're not and you never will be. You are awesome, and there is some kind of amazing future waiting for you.
Eraldo Banovac|Creativity is an amazing human characteristic, which is more connected with curiosity than with knowledge.
Wordions|Life is a battle of balance.Balance between attachment and detachment. Attach yourself enough, to feel the "Pain in others".Detach yourself enough, not to feel the "Paininflicted by others”.
Alberto Caeiro, The Collected Poems of Alberto Caeiro|If I die very young, hear this:I was never anything but a kid playing.I was a heathen like the sun and the water,I had the universal religion only people don’t have.I was happy because I didn’t ask for anything at all,Or tried to find anything,And I didn’t find any more explanationThan the word explanation having no meaning at all.
Michelle Templet|Are you crazy? It's a common phrase, I know. But it means something particular to me: the tunnels, the security screens, the plastic forks, the shimmering, ever-shifting borderline that like all boundaries beckons and asks to be crossed. I do not want to cross it again.
Karen Kingston|Every aspect of your life is anchored energetically in your living space, so clearing clutter can completely transform your entire existence.
Charles R. Swindoll|Faith itself cannot accomplish anything, yet without faith, no one can fly.
John Bruna, The Wisdom of a Meaningful Life: The Essence of Mindfulness|And the most glorious exploits do not always furnish us with the clearest discoveries of virtue or vice in men; sometimes a matter of less moment, an expression or a jest, informs us better of their characters and inclinations, than the most famous sieges, the greatest armaments, or the bloodiest battles whatsoever. Therefore as portrait-painters are more exact in the lines and features of the face, in which the character is seen, than in the other parts of the body, so I must be allowed to give my more particular attention to the marks and indications of the souls of men, and while I endeavor by these to portray their lives, may be free to leave more weighty matters and great battles to be treated of by others.
Kristin Cashore, Graceling|Raffin appeared again, a floor above her, on the balconied passageway that ran past his workrooms. He leaned over the railing and called down to her. "Kat!""What is it?""You look lost . Have you forgotten the way to your rooms?""I'm stalling.""How long will you be? I'd like to show you a couple of my new discoveries.""I've been told to make myself pretty for dinner."He grinned. "Well in that case, you'll be ages."His face dissolved into laughter, and she tore a button from one of her bags an hurled it at him. He squealed and dropped to the floor, and the button hit the wall right where he'd been standing. When he peeked back over the railing, she stood in the courtyard with her hands on her hips, grinning. "I missed on purpose," she said."Show off! Come if you have time." He waved, and turned into his rooms.
Shamus McCarty, The Zombie Survival Guide: How To Live Like A King After The Outbreak|Goons were the lowest sort of homunculi, only superior to zombies.
Elliott Abrams|My father had a difficult relationship with success, maybe because he never obtained it. But he was very wise about it because he observed how you can become rotten fruit once you get power.
Alexandra Bracken, Never Fade|I felt the familiar warm tingling at the center of my chest and had just enough time to gasp as some invisible hand yanked me forward, smacking my forehead against the dashboard with enough force to stun me dumb. Chubs slammed on the brakes, forcing my seat belt to do its job and lock against my chest. I was thrown back into my seat, an explosion of colors bursting in my vision. "Oh, hell no!" Chubs roared, slamming a hand against the steering wheel. "That's it! We don not use our abilities on one another, goddammit! Behave yourself!
Oliver Markus, Why Men And Women Can't Be Friends|There are only 24 hours in a day. The average man has to sleep about 8 hours. And work for 8 hours. That leaves 8 hours to run some errands, drive to and from work, eat, and have some spare time. And in that little bit of spare time, a man has to figure out how to get the one thing he likes more than anything else: sex.So when a man has to choose whether or not he will hang out with a female and spend any time, money or attention on her, the question of whether the resources he spent will result in sex plays a very big factor. If your male "friend" chooses to spend his time and money on you, it's because he thinks there is a chance it might pay off in sex at some point. If he hangs out with you instead of with some other female, it's because he thinks you are his best bet to getting sex.The more likely there will be sex, the more willing he is to spend his little bit of free time with you. If he thinks his chances of having sex are higher with a different female, he will spent more time, money and attention on her. That's just common sense, and using his limited resources wisely.
Jean Cocteau|It's clever, but is it Art?
Dave Matthes, Bar Nights|Being crazy, for the rest of us, is a form of sanity.
Emanuel Swedenborg|And also, to encompass the madness within, let us reach forth our minds.
Gloria Steinem, Revolution from Within: A Book of Self-Esteem|Citizens who refuse to obey anything but their own conscience can transform countries, it is the basis of any real democracy.
Gary Neville|If you're a kid who is always on the outside hoping to be on the inside, you're watching a lot. You're trying to figure out how to become a normal person in a society that considers you weird.
Victoria Moran, Lit From Within: Tending Your Soul For Lifelong Beauty|To the people who love you, you are beautiful already. This is not because they’re blind to your shortcomings but because they so clearly see your soul. Your shortcomings then dim by comparison. The people who care about you are willing to let you be imperfect and beautiful, too. (20)
Robert Greene, The 33 Strategies of War|Understanding the world too well, you see too many options and become as indecisive as Hamlet.No matter how far we progress, we remain part animal, and it is the animal in us that fires our strategies, gives them life, animates us to fight. Without the desire to fight, without a capacity for the violence war churns up, we cannot deal with danger.The prudent Odysseus types are comfortable with both sides of their nature. They plan ahead as best they can, see far and wide, but when it comes time to move ahead, they move. Knowing how to control your emotions means not repressing them completely but using them to their best effect.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|It facilitates labor and thought so much that there is always the temptation in large schools to omit the endless task of	meeting the wants of each single mind, and to govern by steam. But it is at frightful cost. Our modes of Education aim to expedite, to save labor; to do for masses what cannot be done for masses, what must be done reverently, one by one: say rather, the whole world is needed for the tuition of each pupil.
Kristi Bowman, Journey to One: A Woman's Story of Emotional Healing and Spiritual Awakening|When we awaken to our truth, we realize we are free.
Rebecca West, The Return of the Soldier|Now, why did Kitty, who was the falsest thing on earth, who was in tune with every kind of falsity, by merely suffering somehow remind us of reality? Why did her tears reveal to me what I had learned long ago, but had forgotten in my frenzied love, that there is a draft that we must drink or not be fully human? I knew that one must know the truth. I knew quite well that when one is adult one must raise to one's lips the wine of the truth, heedless that it is not sweet like milk, but draws the mouth with its strength, and celebrate communion with reality[.]
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Benefits of Being Nice •	You set positive karma into motion.•	What you give is what you get back in return.•	You are more likable.•	People will treat you better.•	You will reduce personal stress.•	You will make friends more easily.•	You can improve someone else’s day.•	You will have less drama in your life.•	It takes less energy than being otherwise.•	It makes you a more valuable team player.•	You create a sense of emotional safety for others.•	It can keep you physically and psychologically safe.•	You set a positive example for others to play nicely.•	You will build bridges of cooperation and collaboration.•	You will improve personal and professional interactions•	Lastly, being nice feels nice!
Chris Cleave, Everyone Brave is Forgiven|One could always imagine that one's life, though smoldering parts, might be undamaged in the west." "We also serve who live with grace." "If there had been more time, or less, it all would have been easier. If its an hour one can say what one likes. If it's a year, one can be what one is like. A day is exactly the wrong lenght of time to be oneself in, don't you think?" "In the end I suppose we lay flowers on a grave because we cannot lay ourselves on it." "The dead were filthy, half buried, sometimes barely distinguishable from the mud or the rubble they lay in. One didn't understand, until one had seen a great many bodies, the unconscious effort that one must be making every minute simply to keep one's hands and face and clothes clean. The world's surfaces were so filthy that the living touched them only with the tips of their fingers and the soles of their shoes. How grubby it was to die, to give up making that effort." Life took longer to reassemble than it did to blow apart, but that didn't mean it wouldn't be lovely, providing that one remembered to go for country walks, and to tune the wireless to music.
D.T. Niles|Hurry means that we gather impressions but have no experiences, that we collect acquaintances but make no friends, that we attend meetings but experience no encounter. We must recover eternity if we are to find time, and eternity is what Jesus came to restore. For without it, there can be no charity.
G.S. Jennsen, Rubicon|His vision blurred, his grip on the dash faltered and the cockpit lost definition. Then all the diati rushed back to him in its own shockwave.The physical force slammed him against the cockpit half-wall. He gasped air into his lungs as a crimson aura throbbed above his skin. The world spun around him, and it occurred to him if he wanted to he could control it—not the spinning, but the world.
M. Kirin|The mist after rain, uninterrupted rainfall on rooftops, pitter-patter intellect. The thoughts I leave behind like footsteps.
Akshay Vasu|How does it feel to break a part of you each day and feed to the demons inside the other person in the name of love.How many days will you do that? Have your ever thought about what happens after those demons had enough of you and decideto leave you for the taste of new soul? Look at yourself once, How much of you is remaining for yourself? Will ever get that part of you back?
Debasish Mridha|Chese now," quod she, "oon of thise thynges tweye:To han me foul and old til that I deye,And be to yow a trewe, humble wyf,And nevere yow displese in al my lyf,Or elles ye wol han me yong and fair,And take youre aventure of the repairThat shal be to youre hous by cause of me,Or in som oother place, may wel be.Now chese yourselven, wheither that yow liketh.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|The more you run away from the devil, the more you will realize that it is closer to you than before. Don't run away from it; RESIST the devil and it will FLEE from you!
John Godfrey Saxe|I love vast libraries; yet there is a doubt,If one be better with them or without,Unless he use them wisely, and, indeed,Knows the high art of what and how to read.
John Burroughs, The Summit of the Years|I go to books and to nature as the bee goes to a flower, for a nectar that I can make into my own honey.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Sunday Philosophy Club|But he'll never be fully recognised, because Scots literature these days is all about complaining and moaning and being injured in one's soul.
Patti Smith, M Train|And then I walked out, straight through the twilight, treading the beaten earth. There were no dust clouds, no signs of anyone, but I paid no mind. I was my own lucky hand of solitaire. The desert landscape unchanging: a long, unwinding scroll that I would one day amuse myself by filling. I'm going to remember everything and then I'm going to write it all down. An aria to a coat. A requiem for a café. That's what I was thinking, in my dream, looking down at my hands.
Russell M. Nelson|Socialism has no moral justification whatsoever; poor people are not morally superior to rich people, nor are they owed anything by rich people simply because of their lack of success. Charity is not a socialist concept - it is a religious one, an acknowledgment of God's sovereignty over property, a sovereignty the Left utterly rejects.
Elizabeth Bowen, Eva Trout|The traveler from Europe edges into it like a tiny Jonah entering an inconceivably large whale, slipping past the straits of Belle Isle into the Gulf of St. Lawrence, where five Canadian provinces surround him, for the most part invisible. Then he goes up the St. Lawrence and the inhabited country comes into view, mainly a French-speaking country with its own cultural traditions. To enter the United States is a matter of crossing an ocean; to enter Canada is a matter of being silently swallowed by an alien continent.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If as an adult I have scolded and then silenced the child within me, I contend that I am neither an adult nor a child. Rather, I am just plain ignorant.
Alexandra Robbins, The Geeks Shall Inherit the Earth: Popularity, Quirk Theory and Why Outsiders Thrive After High School|The only safe guide is the Bible. It is the revelation of a God who has infinite knowledge and can therefore give you absolute truth. God has given you a revelation that is robust and complete. It presents an accurate and comprehensive picture of children, parents, family life, values, training, nurture, and discipline - all you need to be equipped for the task of parenting.
Dean Koontz, The City|If you're going to keep the music in you, Jonah, you've got to play a little bit every day purely for pleasure. Otherwise, you'll lose the joy of it, and if you lose the joy, you won't sound good to those who know piano - or to yourself.
Aldous Huxley, Brave New World Revisited|Human culture arises directly from how we overcome the challenges of survival. Some call culture a balance between decadence and celebration. The need for shelter becomes architecture, the rituals of fine cuisine wrought by celebrity chefs. Perhaps the most enduring are the rituals of romance. At its highest expression the artistry of love is the subject of exquisite effort. It is when we are the most human.
Dada Bhagwan|Even if one incurs a loss, he should expose this fact to the other person. This way the intent the other person does, will dispel the [negative] atoms and one will, become lighter himself. Otherwise suffering alone increases the mental burden.
Amber Garibay|There is no pressure to perform, to succeed, because we already have. If your family and community accepts you, who else must you impress? Just yourself and God, ja?
Jane Austen, Persuasion|She had been forced into prudence in her youth, she learned romance as she grew older: the natural sequel of an unnatural beginning.
Karl Marlantes, Matterhorn|He ran as he'd never run before, with neither hope nor despair. He ran because the world was divided into opposites and his side had already been chosen for him, his only choice being whether or not to play his part with heart and courage. He ran because fate had placed him in a position of responsibility and he had accepted the burden. He ran because his self-respect required it. He ran because he loved his friends and this was the only thing he could do to end the madness that was killing and maiming them.
Daniel Amory, Minor Snobs|This is so funny,” said Ellen, noticing the seating arrangement. “Isn’t this funny? Tom, come sit next to Robin. Griffin, sit next to Laura.”	I stood up and sat next to Robin while Griffin brought his chair over to Laura.	“That’s better,” said Ellen. “Isn’t that better?
Todd Stocker|Democracy changes its opinions from time to time, philosophy doesn't.
Roman Payne|You Believe what you see, You Perceive what you do.
Martin Parr|I love technology. Matches, to light a fire, is really high tech. The wheel is really one of the great inventions of all time. Other than that, I am an ignoramus about technology.
Franz Kline|Fashion is like the ashes left behind by the uniquely shaped flames of the fire, the trace alone revealing that a fire actually took place.
W. Somerset Maugham|I hate you. I wish you was dead."Mrs. Carey gasped. He said the words so savagely that it gave her quite a start. She had nothing to say. She sat down in her husband's chair; and as she thought of her desire to love the friendless, crippled boy and her eager wish that he should love her--she was a barren woman and, even though it was clearly God's will that she should be childless, she could scarcely bear to look at little children sometimes, her heart ached so--the tears rose to her eyes and one by one, slowly, rolled down her cheeks. Philip watched her in amazement. She took out her handkerchief, and now she cried without restraint. Suddenly Philip realised that she was crying because of what he had said, and he was sorry. He went up to her silently and kissed her. It was the first kiss he had ever given herwithout being asked. And the poor lady, so small in her black satin, shrivelled up and sallow, with her funny corkscrew curls, took the little boy on her lap and put her arms around him and wept as though her heart would break. But her tears were partly tears of happiness, for she felt that the strangeness between them was gone. She loved him now with a new love because he had made her suffer.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The church is far greater than [a building or denomination]. It includes the whole family of God—that vast unseen fellowship of men and women throughout the ages who belong to Christ. Paul wrote of “God’s household, which is the church of the living God” [1 Timothy 3:15 NIV).
Shaun David Hutchinson, We Are the Ants|I could write my name across the sky, and it would be in invisible ink.
Mao Zedong|May the same Almighty Goodness banish the accursed monster, war, from all lands, with her hated associates, rapine and insatiable ambition!
Reinhold Niebuhr, The Essential Reinhold Niebuhr: Selected Essays and Addresses|Truth is best (of all that is) good. As desired, what is being desired is truth for him who (represents) the best truth. (Gathas 27.14)
Geoff Mulgan|There is something in the pang of change More than the heart can bear, Unhappiness remembering happiness.
Rossana Condoleo|Silence embeds thoughts better than speeches. If you are afraid of silence, you are afraid of your thoughts.
T.J. Forrester, Miracles, Inc.: A Novel|The sting of her abandonment had not lessened through the years, and I suspected it would never go away. Occasionally, I could see agony in her eyes, the shadows that flickered in the background. If I could, I'd take her pain and make it my own. I'd swallow it like a bitter pill and live with the consequences.
J.D. Robb|Bite me." -Lieutenant Eve Dallas, from any of the In Death books.
Susan Trott, The Holy Man|Some take pains to be biblical, but many [Christian financial teachers, writers, investment counselors, and seminar leaders] simply parrot their secular colleagues. Other than beginning and ending with prayer, mentioning Christ, and sprinkling in some Bible verses, there's no fundamental difference. They reinforce people's materialist attitudes and lifestyles. They suggest a variety of profitable plans in which people can spend or stockpile the bulk of their resources. In short, to borrow a term from Jesus, some Christian financial experts are helping people to be the most successful 'rich fools' they can be.
Dan Ariely, The Upside of Irrationality: The Unexpected Benefits of Defying Logic at Work and at Home|To summarize, using money to motivate people can be a double-edged sword. For tasks that require cognitive ability, low to moderate performance-based incentives can help. But when the incentive level is very high, it can command too much attention and thereby distract the person’s mind with thoughts about the reward. This can create stress and ultimately reduce the level of performance.
Rebecca Traister, All the Single Ladies: Unmarried Women and the Rise of an Independent Nation|It's true that increasing one's number of sexual partners almost certainly increases the risk of sexually transmitted disease and of unintended pregnancy. It increases the chance of having your soul stomped on, and of having really bad sex. It also, I should add, increases the odds of finding someone with whom you have terrific sex, and learning more about what turns you on and what turns you off, how your body works and how other people's bodies work.
Kenneth Eade, Predatory Kill|He'd been a fool, he saw that now. How could he have thought, even for a minute, that they'd be safe out here in the suburbs? The world was violent, rotten, corrupt, seething with hatred and perversion, and there was no escaping it. Everything you worked for, everything you loved, had to be locked up as if you were in a castle under siege.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|Is it true that you shouted at Professor Umbridge?""Yes.""You called her a liar?""Yes.""You told her He Who Must Not Be Named is back?""Yes.""Have a biscuit, Potter.
Nicholas Sparks, A Walk to Remember|No actor is a success unless he feels inside himself, as long as he lives, that he is good.
Anna Lindh|The modern conservative is engaged in one of man's oldest exercises in moral philosophy; that is, the search for a superior moral justification for selfishness.
Taryn Elliott, Ashes and Wine|I tried to curl around him, holding him with my arching body. His mouth was slow and searching, the kisses hard at first, then loosening as if unraveling from their own heat. The pleasure thickened, hard flushes rising through me, bringing the desire to full-slip ripeness.
Anurag Wadehra|Colonel Cargill, General Peckem’s troubleshooter, was a forceful, ruddy man. Before the war he had been an alert, hard-hitting, aggressive marketing executive. He was a very bad marketing executive. Colonel Cargill was so awful a marketing executive that his services were much sought after by firms eager to establish losses for tax purposes. Throughout the civilized world, from Battery Park to Fulton Street, he was known as a dependable man for a fast tax write-off. His prices were high, for failure often did not come easily. He had to start at the top and work his way down, and with sympathetic friends in Washington, losing money was no simple matter. It took months of hard work and careful misplanning. A person misplaced, disorganized, miscalculated, overlooked everything and opened every loophole, and just when he thought he had it made, the government gave him a lake or a forest or an oilfield and spoiled everything. Even with such handicaps, Colonel Cargill could be relied on to run the most prosperous enterprise into the ground. He was a self-made man who owed his lack of success to nobody.
Christina Rossetti|Promise me no promises, So will I not promise you: Keep we both our liberties, Never false and never true: Let us hold the die uncast, Free to come as free to go: For I cannot know your past, And of mine what can you know?
Jeroninio Almeida, Karma Kurry for the Mind, Body, Heart & Soul|A leader or mentor gives credit to others when things go right, and accepts the blame when things go wrong.
Susan Lodge, The Man in the Buff Breeches|I kind of thought actually that Trevor was gone completely mental when he called up here a few weeks ago. Like, why would he not text or email or Facebook? What's with all the reality, I thought. Does he not know he's a million times cooler in virtual form?
Robertson Davies, Fifth Business|He [Jesus] had a terrible temper, you know, undoubtedly inherited from His Father.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic|True leadership lies in guiding others to success. In ensuring that everyone is performing at their best, doing the work they are pledged to do and doing it well.
Ani San, Breathe|There is a sort of jealousy which needs very little fire: it is hardly a passion, but a blight bred in the cloudy, damp despondency of uneasy egoism.
David James Duncan, God Laughs & Plays; Churchless Sermons in Response to the Preachments of the Fundamentalist Right|The fundamentalists of every faith remain blind to the truth that the “sigh within the prayer is the same in the heart of the Christian, the Muslim, and the Jew.” I have seen this unity with my eyes, heard it with my ears, felt it with all my being.
Julianne Hough|Love is when he gives you a piece of your soul, that you never knew was missing.
Brian Herbert, House Harkonnen|Loneliness is something that finds us all when we think about it and when we're by ourselves when we don't want to be. It creeps up when we desperately feel like we need someone special but can't seem to find anything more than a friend that wishes they could help. Sometimes a friend cannot be found when your willing to settle for one. Sometimes it passes quickly, and sometimes it sticks around to try to drive us to insanity. Its like a creature lying in wait to take us at our weakest moment, but only toying with us when we give up to it. In the end it always passes. There is always something to appreciate and someone to cheer us up. We adapt and overcome. Life is a gift with much more to it than a passing emotion. All around us are beautiful things to console us. Life is much more than one feeling. It is as great as we let it be.
Oscar Wilde|There's a kind of radar that you get, after years of being talked about and made fun of by other people. You can almost smell it when it's about to happen, can recognize instantly the sound of a hushed voice, lowered just enough to make whatever is said okay. I had only been in Colby for a few weeks. But I had not forgotten.
Malcolm X|Liberty," boomed Wednesday, as they walked to the car, "is a bitch who must be bedded on a mattress of corpses.
Joey Lawsin, Creation by Law|Consciousness, which is the "reflective" element of Norman's conceptual brain, handles the "higher" functions at the metaphorical tip of the very top of that complicated organ. Because consciousness pays a lot of attention to your thoughts, you tend to identify it with cognition. However, if you try to figure out exactly how you run your business or care for your family, you soon realize that you can't grasp that process just by thinking about it. As Norman puts it, "Consciousness also has a qualitative, sensory feel. If I say, 'I'm afraid,' it's not just my mind talking. My stomach also knots up.
Anne Lamott, Plan B: Further Thoughts on Faith|Only God can put Scripture inside. But reading sacred text can put it on your hearts, and then when your hearts break, the holy words will fall inside.
Richard Feynman, Surely You're Joking, Mr. Feynman!: Adventures of a Curious Character|Here was a new generation, shouting the old cries, learning the old creeds, through a revery of long days and nights; destined finally to go out into that dirty gray turmoil to follow love and pride; a new generation dedicated more than the last to the fear of poverty and the worship of success; grown up to find all Gods dead, all wars fought, all faiths in man shaken...
Zack Love, Sex in the Title: A Comedy about Dating, Sex, and Romance in NYC|I’m just not ready to give myself up, Sammy. I mean, there’s something perfect about virginity, and I haven’t found someone who deserves to take that perfection from me…”“You’re loco, Carlos. Insane. Totally crazy… Most guys think they’re imperfect for still being virgins past the age of seventeen.
Joseph Story|The child's mind is not the type of mind we adults possess. If we call our type of mind the conscious type, that of the child is an unconscious mind. Now an unconscious mind does not mean an inferior mind. An unconscious mind can be full of intelligence. One will find this type of intelligence in every being, and every insect has it.
Kim Chestney, The Psychic Workshop: A Complete Program for Fulfilling Your Spiritual Potential|If isolation is the furnace of transformation, I could be ashes by now.
Clement of Alexandria|I can never resist telling people good news. I mean, why not brighten someone else's life too?
Douglas W. Phillips|If an imaginative boy has a sufficiently rich mother who has intelligence, personal grace, dignity of character without harshness, and a cultivated sense of the best art of her time to enable her to make her house beautiful, she sets a standard for him against which very few women can struggle, besides effecting for him a disengagement of his affections, his sense of beauty, and his idealism from his specifically sexual impulses.
Adam P. Knave, Stays Crunchy in Milk|Now I know that strange things happen to your body when it meets the snow at 100 mph, no matter what the position. In the twinkling of hitting the snow I regained a proper respect for speed. If you are inattentive, as well as somewhat stupid, you may breed a contempt for big speeds, forgetting respect through the grace of being atop your skis each run. No one on his back at 100 mph will ever after have contempt for speed.
Eugene H. Peterson, Eat This Book: A Conversation in the Art of Spiritual Reading|Liturgy gathers the holy community as it reads the Holy Scriptures into the sweeping tidal rhythms of the church year in which the story of Jesus and the Christian makes its rounds century after century, the large and easy interior rhythms of a year that moves from birth, life, death, resurrection, on to spirit, obedience, faith, and blessing. Without liturgy we lose the rhythms and end up tangled in the jerky, ill-timed, and insensitive interruptions of public-relations campaigns, school openings and closings, sales days, tax deadlines, inventory and elections. Advent is buried under 'shopping days before Christmas.' The joyful disciplines of Lent are exchanged for the anxious penitentials of filling out income tax forms. Liturgy keeps us in touch with the story as it defines and shapes our beginnings and ends our living and dying, our rebirths and blessing in this Holy Spirit, text-formed community visible and invisible.When Holy Scripture is embraced liturgically, we become aware that a lot is going on all at once, a lot of different people are doing a lot of different things. The community is on its feet, at work for God, listening and responding to the Holy Scriptures. The holy community, in the process of being formed by the Holy Scriptures, is watching, listening to God's revelation taking shape before an din them as they follow Jesus, each person playing his or her part in the Spirit.
Ram Charan|At my house, it's an, 'If dad says it, you can say it' kind of deal, so a lot of my slang words come off very childish at this point in my career.
Leni Riefenstahl|I am fascinated by what is beautiful, strong, healthy, what is living. I seek harmony.
Helvy Tiana Rosa|Seperti apakah Anda? Menurut saya, paling tidak Anda adalah apa yang Anda tulis.
Patsy Kensit|I try and eat really healthy when I'm home, but I certainly don't eat worms and snakes.
Sarah Palin|We had it drilled into us time and time again: 'If someone above you falls, grip tightly to the vertical rope and cradle that person in your arms until help can get to you.'...If someone fell down on me I swear I would have bitten him on the ass and would keep on biting until he got off onhis own.
Bertrand Russell|We, as Turkey, call on Europe to respect human rights and democracy.
Kazuo Ishiguro, An Artist of the Floating World & The Remains of the Day|The truth is, Japan is headed for crisis. We are in the hands of greedy businessmen and weak politicians. Such people will see to it poverty grows every day.
DaShanne Stokes|There can be no one better than yourself, so be the best version of you because no one is born to represent another.
John Stuart Mill|The disdain of profit is due to ignorance, and to an attitude that we may if we wish admire in the ascetic who has chosen to be content with a small share of the riches of this world, but which, when actualised in the form of restrictions on profits of others, is selfish to the extent that it imposes asceticism, and indeed deprivations of all sorts, on others.
Beverly Cleary, Ramona's World|If she can't spell, why is she a librarian? Librarians should know how to spell.
Kara Walker|The Republican Party is doubling down on this trickle-down theory that says, 'Thou shalt concentrate wealth at the very top of our society. Thou shalt remove regulation from wherever you find it, even on Wall Street. And thou shalt keep wages low for American workers so that we can be more competitive.'
Rick Riordan, The Ship of the Dead|But I suppose if you're friends of Magnus's ..." He went completely still. His runes faded. Then he leaped out of my hand and flew towards Annabeth, his blade twitching as if he was stiffing the air. "Where is she? Where are you hiding the babe?"Annabeth backed towards the rail. "Whoa, there, sword. Personal space?""Jack, behave," Alex said. "What are you doing?""She's around here somewhere," Jack insisted. He flew to Percy. "Aha! What's in your pocket, sea boy?""Excuse me?" Percy looked a bit nervous about the magical sword hovering at his wais
Ann McElhinney, Gosnell: The Untold Story of America’s Most Prolific Serial Killer|So the incompetents in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania’s state capital, knew or should have known that, even by their own lax rules, Gosnell should not have been carrying out abortions—but they didn’t care.
Jamie Farrell, Sugared|He was sort of Kimmie’s boss. And he wasn’t just a thorn in General Mom’s side – he was a whole stinking rosebush. If the rosebush were six feet of hunky, cake-blaspheming, rich playboy.
Rabindranath Tagore, Thought Relics|The theories we find untrue, are those we cannot accept.
Matt Cartwright|There are six components of wellness: proper weight and diet, proper exercise, breaking the smoking habit, control of alcohol, stress management and periodic exams.
Rohit  Sharma|One of the most difficult things is to be friends with someone you love so immensely. It hurts. And the worst part is, you have to veil your pain with a smile. And every bit of that smile hurts too.
Jeffrey Eugenides, Middlesex|Emotions, in my experience, aren't covered by single words. I don't believe in "sadness," "joy," or "regret." Maybe the best proof that the language is patriarchal is that it oversimplifies feeling. I'd like to have at my disposal complicated hybrid emotions, Germanic train-car constructions like, say, "the happiness that attends disaster." Or: "the disappointment of sleeping with one's fantasy." I'd like to show how "intimations of mortality brought on by aging family members" connects with "the hatred of mirrors that begins in middle age." I'd like to have a word for "the sadness inspired by failing restaurants" as well as for "the excitement of getting a room with a minibar." I've never had the right words to describe my life, and now that I've entered my story, I need them more than ever. 
Matt      Chandler|This passage, by the way, doesn't just give us the comparative negative of hell, but it translates well into a theology of suffering. With these words of Jesus in mind, I can now know that it is better never to hold my children, it is better never to run my fingers through my wife's hair, it is better not to be able to brush my own teeth, it is better never to be able to drive a car, it is better to be paralyzed and never feel anything from the neck down, and it is better to have stage III anaplastic oligondendroglioma than to find myself outside the kingdom of God.It is better never to see the sunset or the sunrise, never see the stars in the sky, never to see my daughter in her little dress-up clothes, never to see my son throw a ball - it is better never to have seen those things than to have seen those things and yet end up outside the kingdom of God. How horrible hell must be.
Teresa of Ávila, The Life of Saint Teresa of Ávila by Herself|...aconsejaría yo a los que tienen oración, en especial al principio, procuren amistad y trato con otras personas que traten de lo mismo. Es cosa importantísima, aunque no sea sino ayudarse unos a otros con sus oraciones, ¡cuánto más que hay muchas más ganancias! Y no sé yo por qué no se ha de permitir que quien comenzare de veras a amar a Dios y a servirle, deje de tratar con algunas personas sus placeres y trabajos, que de todo tienen los que tienen oración.
R. Queen, Darkchylde: The Ariel Chylde Saga|I wanted to spend more time with her; she was constantly in my thoughts, and right now the only thing I wanted was to lean in and kiss her. Which was, of course, disastrous for the mission, but I couldn't help it. Somewhere between that day on the beach when I'd met her for the first time and the night of the party when we'd kissed in the ocean, she had become something more than a potential target. She had, very inexplicably, become the most important thing in my life.And that terrified me.
Jyoti Arora|Creativity is a magic wand that works two ways. When you set it in action and seek to create something, it does not just brings into existence that object or work, it also raises in your heart a dream, a hope, and a will to achieve that creation. And when all else seems lost and steeped in hopelessness, the magic of creativity can still keep you going. For when all else seem dark, an urge to create something would still give you an aim to look forward to. And if you just take hold of this urge, it will take hold of you and see you through even the darkest times. Like it did to me.
R.H. Blyth|Umasi kept walking, out of sight and into the glittering night. Meahwhile, Zen lay alone, defeated on the cold ground, knowing that he had truly been left behind. Then the memories returned, and for the first time in his life, he cried.
Stephen R. Donaldson, The Chronicles of Thomas Covenant, the Unbeliever|Be true, unbeliever.
Sam Harris|It is taboo in our society to criticize a persons religious faith... these taboos are offensive, deeply unreasonable, but worse than that, they are getting people killed. This is really my concern. My concern is that our religions, the diversity of our religious doctrines, is going to get us killed. I'm worried that our religious discourse- our religious beliefs are ultimately incompatible with civilization.
Kristan Higgins, If You Only Knew|I have shaken loose. Like the lily, I rest on the deep water's surface. Not knowing the journey's end, I rest in nature's embrace.
James M.  Robinson|I'm tired of feeling like I should be grateful when popular culture deigns to acknowledge the experiences of people who are not white, middle class or wealthy, and heterosexual.
Sunday Adelaja|I am not meant to be a biomass, I am a human being and I am born with a mission
Dave Brat|President Clinton not only benefits by gay and lesbian votes, but he benefits by showing the nation that he is a strong leader who implements his beliefs, who stands firm by those who he believes are being treated unfairly, and I think people respect that kind of leadership in the country.
Julia Child|In the 21st century our tastes buds, our brain chemistry, our biochemistry, our hormones and our kitchens have been hijacked by the food industry.
Ehsan Sehgal|No such thing as a temptation. A temptation is a desire, a lust like any other - but one that we regret afterwards + wish undone (or that we know beforehand we will regret after). So it`s no excuse to say, ``I didn`t mean to do it. I was tempted + I couldn`t resist.`` All one can honestly say is, ``I did it. I`m sorry I did it.``- Reborn
H.L. Sudler, Summerville|She had traveled to more cities, had experienced more scenes, than anyone she knew, and still she had come away from it all with only an abysmal sense of dissatisfaction. When would it all begin, the good part of this story she was living? When would she find her destiny, her purpose? When would she have the control her mother wielded, the drive her father possessed? When would she cease living the same wretched days over and over? Why was she still feeling empty and meaningless? Why—after all this time—did her purpose in life still escape her?
Karen Delorbe, Legado de sangre|El sabor metálico de su propia sangre le invadió la boca sin previo aviso. Sus colmillos habían crecido y le lastimaban el labio inferior. No sentía dolor, sino sed. Una sed que ella no comprendía, que no llegaría a entender nunca. Le quemaba la garganta. Le secaba la boca. A pesar de no ser un vampiro, Grimm tenía sed de ella desde que había probado su sangre. Unas gotas habían sido suficientes para condenarlo de por vida. Para atarlo a un deseo de exquisita y prohibida destrucción.
Orison Swett Marden|As I tell my children, 'If you are going to do something, do your best while you're doing it.
Veronica Rossi, Through the Ever Night|I miss you.I miss you. I miss you, I miss you.Be ready, because when I see you, I'll never let you go again.
Rainer Maria Rilke|We speak of the masculine and the feminine, but they are the wrong labels. It is really more a matter of poetry versus intellectualization.
Ada Palmer, Too Like the Lightning|My mother is not evil, Faith reminded herself. She is just a perfectly sensible snake, protecting her eggs and making her way in the world as best she can.
Aayush Shilpakar|Learn, believe and achieve!
Holly Sprink, Faith Postures: Cultivating Christian Mindfulness|We don't treat Jesus like a puppy, soaking in his excitement over our coming home and then leading him back to stay in the laundry room when we go out to begin another day.
Inio Asano, Solanin|... back then the sky seemed so vast. And now the sky above me... is low, and narrow, and heavy.
Suzy Kassem|Any man who behaves arrogantly with what little he knows, or claims to know all, only reveals to all that he really knows nothing. Real greatness does not reside inside those who feel large. The truly wise are meek.
Patrick W. Carr, The Hero's Lot|Her mouth set. "I've already lost one man I loved tonight. I will not lose the other." She glared at him. "And curse you, you stone head, for making me say it first.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Some people have hollow souls. They’ll see your light and like a moth to a flame, they’ll gravitate toward you. Be cautious, for these souls will attempt to steal your joy and try robbing the sparkle from your eyes.
Viorica Dragotel|Don't look for your best friend, my child...Is always with you. Is YOU and ONLY YOU
Colleen Houck|I could feel the warmth of his presence as if a soft blanket had been wrapped around my soul, around my heart. It held me and protected me. It sheltered me and I knew I wasn’t alone anymore.
Francesca Lia Block, The Waters & the Wild|Earth rejoices our words, breathing and peaceful steps. Let every breath, every word and every step make the mother earth proud of us.
Anita Loos, Gentlemen Prefer Blondes|People always ask me if I hate the nuns. Do I make my movies extra dirty to piss them off? I always say no, that's not the point. To a Catholic, a movie is only dirty if it makes you want to have sex more. If it makes you feel sick, disgusted, ashamed of your own body, then it's not a dirty movie at all. It's a Catholic movie. And I make very Catholic movies.
Joseph Howe|Get up and dance, get up and smile, get up and drink to the days that are gone in the shortest while.
Dav Pilkey|I like to think my sense of humor is sort of smart and dumb at the same time. I like to work on multiple levels - smart and dumb, funny and sad, profound and mundane, cynical and hopeful.
Edgar Allan Poe, Edgar Allan Poe: Complete Tales and Poems|Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night. In their gray visions they obtain glimpses of eternity, and thrill, in waking, to find that they have been upon the verge of the great secret. In snatches, they learn something of the wisdom which is of good, and more of the mere knowledge which is of evil.
David Wong, John Dies at the End|You've faced horrors in these past weeks... I don't know which is worse. The terror you feel the first time you witness such things, or the numbness that comes after it starts to become ordinary.
Jane Smiley|Her task seemed ridiculous, the result of a momentary weakness, of believing in the impossible, that stories have a trajectory where we find things out, resolve things to our satisfaction and come out the other side, wiser and happier
Joseph B. Wirthlin|Each and every one of us is amazing in our own way. We have five beautiful women who exude talent, and I am blessed and honored to be one of those women. For me, the bottom line is it's all about respect and love, and I have both for Fifth Harmony.
Holly Bourne, Soulmates|Just bear a passing resemblance to a fictional romantic trope I like and I will love you forever. We're all just trying to find the Mark Darcy of our workplace, aren't we?
Dia Reeves, Slice of Cherry|I'm more haunted by how what I've said and the things I've done have caused harm to myself and others than I am worried that God will punish me for being bad. Because in the end, we aren't punished for our sins as much as we are punished by our sins.
Ursula Hegi, Floating in My Mother's Palm|Some acts of faith, I believe, have the power to grant us something infinitely wiser than we imagine
Warren Buffett|Having been an educator for so many years I know that all a good teacher can do is set a context, raise questions or enter into a kind of a dialogic relationship with their students.
Armistead Maupin|Restoration of friendship with Russia, our biggest neighbor, is necessary for our peace and economy.
Janet Reno|It is the police of America who are on the front lines, who are on the streets, who are in the daily contact with American citizens, who translate the dreams of American citizens when they succeed and frustrate the dreams when they fail.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Children of Húrin|Many men would take the death-sentence without a whimper, to escape the life-sentence which fate carries in her other hand.
Marcus Aurelius, The Emperor's Handbook|But dogmatism—or the inclination "to identify the goal of our thinking with the point at which we have become tired of thinking"—is so natural to man that it is not likely to be a preserve of the past. [Citing Lessing's January 9, 1771 letter to Mendelssohn.]
Sigmund Freud, Civilization and Its Discontents|It is that we are never so defenceless against suffering as when we love, never so helplessly unhappy as when we have lost our loved object or its love.
Guru Nanak|One man's trash is another man's treasure, and the by-product from one food can be perfect for making another.
Emily Dickinson, I'm Nobody! Who Are You?|I had been hungry all the years-My noon had come, to dine-I, trembling, drew the table nearAnd touched the curious wine. 'Twas this on tables I had seenWhen turning, hungry, lone,I looked in windows, for the wealthI could not hope to own. I did not know the ample bread,'Twas so unlike the crumbThe birds and I had often sharedIn Nature's diningroom. The plenty hurt me, 'twas so new,--Myself felt ill and odd,As berry of a mountain bushTransplanted to the road. Nor was I hungry; so I foundThat hunger was a wayOf persons outside windows,The entering takes away.
William Wordsworth, Wordsworth: Poems|Books! tis a dull and endless strife:Come, hear the woodland linnet,How sweet his music! on my life,There's more of wisdom in it.
R.v.m.|Problems are everywhere, so are Solutions. Unfortunately, we see more of the Problems than the Solutions.-RVM
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Your gifts, talents, and calling will help you to know what you must do.
Stephen King, Firestarter|A kid of your age—any kid—could get hold of matches if she wanted to, burn up the house or whatever. But not many do. Why would they want to?
Francois de La Rochefoucauld|When soldiers have been baptized in the fire of a battle-field, they have all one rank in my eyes.
Joshua Ip, Making Love with Scrabble Tiles|with you, the sense i have lost my place in a bookor simply lost — misplaced the memorywhich isn't in the last place where I looked.a thought that the clouds don't move — that it is wewho thunder past — there it is! an old vacation,a train ride — sense of immobility.as sky and forest scroll past in relation,we are not moved, pretend to love the view,resort at length to scripted conversationby a poet-turned-screenwriter who didn't want this job, career gone grossly wrongand now drafts action film scripts wholly two-dimensional unless you choose to don the 3d glasses that do not stay on —
Andrew Motion|Poetry is at the centre of my life, too, emotionally speaking, and intellectually speaking - it's just that I'm one of those people who enjoy doing other stuff as well.
John Piper|Stubbornness" is knowing exactly what you want courageously living by free will; never to be judged or ridiculed.
Elizabeth Isaacs|I needed to wake up, stand up, and fight.
Susan Sontag, On Photography|Always seeing something, never seeing nothing, being photographer
Meg Wolitzer, The Interestings|Introverts don't like small talk conversation, but they typically don't mind writing. The more people can "see" you on Facebook, Twitter, Google+, or a blog, the more they will feel like they know you, even though you don't have one-on-one interaction with them.
Tiffany Trump|One day, I got so disgusted that I sat down and wrote a list called 'Justin's list of things to do before he kicks the bucket.' I wrote it for myself and shortened it to 'Justin's Bucket List.' It was there on the wall, not as a story idea but as a motivational tool for myself, which actually ended up working pretty well.
Will Self|Death, the real simile for disease - for when we are ill, do we not always feel like we are dying, even if it's only a little? - remains, despite our secularism, the most metaphoricised phenomenon of all.
Shannon Noelle Long, Second Coming|People say it is impossible to get out of stupidity; well, I was born religious and here I am an atheist.
Jonathan P. Lamas|To taste life, so true and real. Sweet serenity.
C W Newman, Self: A Treatise on the Nature of Reality|Michael, some people are just confused about their sexuality, trying to come to terms with it. There are others who are bisexual too; it doesn’t mean she was trying to deceive you. She must have just been very confused.
Georgette Mosbacher|Well, the tyranny of masculinity and the tyranny of patriarchy I think has been much more deadly to men than it has to women. It hasn't killed our hearts. It's killed men's hearts. It's silenced them; it's cut them off.
Adam Sandler|Saturday night at my house, I often trot out classic movies and force the urchins to watch them. There is much wailing and gnashing of teeth, but I think it's important to teach kids about American culture, and films are certainly a big part of it.
Loretta Lynn|I sing seriously to my mom on the phone. To put her to sleep, I have to sing 'Maria' from West Side Story. When I hear her snoring, I hang up.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The Scarlet Letter|By first grade, my sense of worth was in direct proportion to what I learned and what I contributed back to the class. I had already become a human doing instead of a human being.
Elaine Chao|Had I been injured on the freeway and not in combat, it is likely that I would be bankrupt even though I had medical insurance through my civilian employer.
Eckhart Tolle|Managers are encouraged to focus on complex initiatives like reengineering or learning organizations, without spending time on the basics.
Adele          Rose, Possession|Soon, they actually began to titter on their toes as they glared at me, looking more like an army of angry wasps than ever before. All they needed now were matching yellow and black jumpers and pretend stingers!
Mary Gordon, Conversations with Mary Gordon|People think I'm selling feminism in my books, but what I'm really doing is writing advertising copy for expensive private colleges that most women can't afford anyway. Oh, and try to find a job with a major in English literature. No luck? Joke's on you, sucker!
Douglas Coupland|Perhaps because my relationship with my father went through such a long, bumpy time, it's been very important for me to work to try to keep lines of communication open between my sons and myself to try to avoid my father's mistakes. At least if you're making mistakes, make different mistakes.
James Redfield, The Celestine Prophecy|We must assume every event has significance and contains a message that pertains to our questions...this especially applies to what we used to call bad things...the challenge is to find the silver lining in every event, no matter how negative.
Brene Brown|There is in true beauty, as in courage, something which narrow souls cannot dare to admire.
Blake Edwards|I do not believe in God; his existence has been disproved by Science. But in the concentration camp, I learned to believe in men.
Adam McOmber, This New & Poisonous Air|You can’t walk till the end on an active railway line and you can’t walk till the end on the road of lies, because sooner or later you collide with the truth!
Paul Tough, How Children Succeed: Grit, Curiosity, and the Hidden Power of Character|No one feels your empty stomach, but everyone does your empty brain.
Mark Twain|Education: that which reveals to the wise, and conceals from the stupid, the vast limits of their knowledge.
Ken Robinson|The rise of Google, the rise of Facebook, the rise of Apple, I think are proof that there is a place for computer science as something that solves problems that people face every day.
Zach Helm, Stranger Than Fiction: The Shooting Script|Dr. Jules Hilbert: Hell Harold, you could just eat nothing but pancakes if you wanted.Harold Crick: What is wrong with you? Hey, I don't want to eat nothing but pancakes, I want to live! I mean, who in their right mind in a choice between pancakes and living chooses pancakes?Dr. Jules Hilbert: Harold, if you pause to think, you'd realize that that answer is inextricably contingent upon the type of life being led... and, of course, the quality of the pancakes. 
Mary Oliver, Swan: Poems and Prose Poems|Tom Dancer’s gift of a whitebark pine coneYou never know	What opportunity		Is going to travel to you,			Or through you.Once a friend gave me	A small pine cone-		One of a few			He found in the scatOf a grizzly	In Utah maybe,		Or Wyoming.			I took it homeAnd did what I supposed	He was sure I would do-		I ate it,		 ThinkingHow it had traveled 	Through that rough		And holy body.			It was crisp and sweet.It was almost a prayer	Without words.		My gratitude, Tom Dancer, 			For this gift of the world			I adore so much			 And want to belong to.				And thank you too, great bear
Jesse Plemons|It's a bit startling to achieve global recognition before the age of 30 on account of your sister, your brother-in-law and your bottom. One day I might be able to make sense of this. In the meantime I think it's fair to say that it has its upside and its downside.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Future generations may or may not judge Wittgenstein to be one of the great philosophers. Even if they do not, however, he is sure always to count as one of the great personalities of philosophy. From our perspective it is easy to mistake one for the other; which he is time will tell.
Don Richard Riso, The Wisdom of the Enneagram: The Complete Guide to Psychological and Spiritual Growth for the Nine Personality Types|As I turned my head and looked out the window, I saw that everything around me was glowing from within. The sunlight on the trees, the swaying of the leaves in the wind, the slight rattle of the panes of glass in the old window frame, were too beautiful for words. I was enthralled at how miraculous everything was. Absolutely everything was beautiful. . . .I saw clearly that everyone is made of light—that we are like forms of light—but that a crust has formed over it. The crust is black and rubbery like tar and has obscured the inner light that is everyone’s real, inner self. Some blotches of tar are very thick; other areas are thinner and more transparent. Those who have worked on themselves for longer have less tar and they radiate more of their inner light. Because of their personal history, others are covered with more tar and need a great deal of work to get free of it. . .If we observe ourselves truthfully and non-judgmentally, seeing the mechanisms of our personality in action, we can wake up, and our lives can be a miraculous unfolding of beauty and joy.
Robert Anton Wilson, The Eye in the Pyramid|But they can rule by fraud, and by fraud eventually acquire access to the tools they need to finish the job of killing off the Constitution.''What sort of tools?''More stringent security measures. Universal electronic surveillance. No-knock laws. Stop and frisk laws. Government inspection of first-class mail. Automatic fingerprinting, photographing, blood tests, and urinalysis of any person arrested before he is charged with a crime. A law making it unlawful to resist even unlawful arrest. Laws establishing detention camps for potential subversives. Gun control laws. Restrictions on travel. The assassinations, you see, establish the need for such laws in the public mind. Instead of realizing that there is a conspiracy, conducted by a handful of men, the people reason—or are manipulated into reasoning—that the entire population must have its freedom restricted in order to protect the leaders. The people agree that they themselves can't be trusted.
April W. Gardner, The Ebony Cloak|For being so straight and sure, God’s path held quite the assortment of twists.
Banani Ray, Flow Yoga The Mindful Path of Action for Transforming Stress into Happiness|Happiness, love and compassion are the aroma of your soul.
Charles Bukowski, Love Is a Dog from Hell|I drive around the streetsan inch away from weeping,ashamed of my sentimentality andpossible love.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|In this town, white politicians and black ministers seemed to go together like tears and tissues. At election time, the pols got religion and came looking for the blessings of black ministers as a way to get black votes without providing the kinds of services to black communities that they at least promised to East Boston and Charlestown and the other mostly white Boston neighborhoods.
Isla Morley, Above|Morning has animated something in me, too, some dormant thing that for years has known only how to sit and wait. Get a move on, it says. Don't let the day get away.
David Lynch|The modern progressive movement believes that dissenting language is objectionable, which then removes the brakes between anger and violence.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Determination is learning to form a habit, and never breaking it in future.
Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason|The most detestable wickedness, the most horrid cruelties, and the greatest miseries, that have afflicted the human race have had their origin in this thing called revelation, or revealed religion. It has been the most dishonourable belief against the character of the divinity, the most destructive to morality, and the peace and happiness of man, that ever was propagated since man began to exist. It is better, far better, that we admitted, if it were possible, a thousand devils to roam at large, and to preach publicly the doctrine of devils, if there were any such, than that we permitted one such impostor and monster as Moses, Joshua, Samuel, and the Bible prophets, to come with the pretended word of God in his mouth, and have credit among us.Whence arose all the horrid assassinations of whole nations of men, women, and infants, with which the Bible is filled; and the bloody persecutions, and tortures unto death and religious wars, that since that time have laid Europe in blood and ashes; whence arose they, but from this impious thing called revealed religion, and this monstrous belief that God has spoken to man? The lies of the Bible have been the cause of the one, and the lies of the Testament of the other.
Julianne Donaldson, Blackmoore|You are brave and loyal and true. You have such a good heart." He held my hand close to his chest and covered it with his other hand. "It is only afraid. But I would take such good care of it, love, if you would give it to me.
Irvin D. Yalom, Love's Executioner and Other Tales of Psychotherapy|Translation error is compounded by bias error. We distort others by forcing into them our preferred ideas and gestalts, a process Proust beautifully describes: We pack the physical outline of the creature we see with all the ideas we already formed about him, and in the complete picture of him which we compose in our minds, these ideas have certainly the principal place. In the end they come to fill out so completely the curve of his cheeks, to follow so exactly the line of his nose, they blend so harmoniously in the sound of his voice that these seem to be no more than a transparent envelope, so that each time we see the face or hear the voice it is our own ideas of him which we recognize and to which we listen.
John Fleming|One thing we've talked a lot about, even in the first leadership meeting, was, what's the purpose of our leadership team? The framework we came up with is the notion that our purpose is to bring clarity, alignment and intensity.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Illusion|So you need an alarm system because you gonna be in bad neighborhoods?""Actually, I sort of stole a car, and I'm afraid the owner will try to get it back.
Tom Sturridge|I read everything. I'll read a John Grisham novel, I'll sit and read a whole book of poems by Maya Angelou, or I'll just read some Mary Oliver - this is a book that was given to me for Christmas. No particular genre. And I read in French, and I read in German, and I read in English. I love to see how other people use language.
Kevin James|The worst thing about that kind of prejudice... is that while you feel hurt and angry and all the rest of it, it feeds you self-doubt. You start thinking, perhaps I am not good enough.
Pawan Mishra, Coinman: An Untold Conspiracy|Knowledge that can make miracles happen needs to be guarded carefully. If it falls into the wrong hands, miracles become disasters in no time.
Joseph Prince|If God wanted us to fly, He would have given us tickets.
Kenya Wright, Bad for You 3|Come here. I told you to go to sleep and you wouldn’t go, so now you’ll have to take care of me.
Lindy West, Shrill: Notes from a Loud Woman|Why, when men hate themselves, it’s women who take the beatings.
Nicolas Gane|Pre-modern forms of authority , based predominantly upon value-rationality and natural law, are here succeeded by legal-rational forms of domination and by the rule of instrumental reason. With this, religious beliefs and ultimate ideals gradually recede from (public) life as they are disenchanted by the claims of 'rational' science and are replaced increasingly by the idealized pursuit of secular, material ends. This leads to a world in which questions of meaning and value disappear from the public arena, and in which the scope for creative action and for the pursuit of ultimate values becomes increasingly restricted. And in this regard, the twin processes of cultural and social rationalization lead to the same end: to a condition of nihilism in which the highest 'ultimate' values are devalued, or devalue themselves, and hence, for the most part, are no longer able to guide social action, which itself becomes, in turn, increasingly routinized and mundane.
Graham Spaid, tireless:|Olga was better, in the sun, where he could see every pore in her skin. Get closer. Feel her next to him. It was all he wanted in the world. It was the last thing in the world that he could do.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Sometimes I think the truly committed Christian is in conflict with society around him more than any other person. Society is going one direction, and the Christian is going in the opposite direction. This brings about friction and conflict. But God has promised, in the midst of trouble and conflict, a genuine peace, a sense of assurance and security, that the worldly person never knows.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Mediate on the word of God day and night, then be careful to write the sacred words on your heart. And find grace to obey it.
Ravi Zacharias|I'm not claiming divinity. I've never claimed purity of soul. I've never claimed to have the answers to life. I only put out songs and answer questions as honestly as I can... But I still believe in peace, love and understanding.
Dejan Stojanovic|Trying too hard to be too good, even when trying to be bad, is too good for the bad, too bad for the good.
Matthew Desmond, Evicted: Poverty and Profit in the American City|Often, evicted families also lose the opportunity to benefit from public housing because Housing Authorities count evictions and unpaid debt as strikes when reviewing applications. And so people who have the greatest need for housing assistance—the rent-burdened and evicted—are systematically denied it.
Jaron Lanier, Who Owns the Future?|The reason [James Clerk] Maxwell's Demon cannot exist is that it does take resources to perform an act of discrimination. We imagine computation is free, but it never is. The very act of choosing which particle is cold or hot itself becomes an energy drain and a source of waste heat. The principle is also known as "no free lunch."We do our best to implement Maxwell's Demon whenever we manipulate reality with our technologies, but we can never do so perfectly; we certainly can't get ahead of the game, which is known as entropy. All the air conditioners in a city emit heat that makes the city hotter overall. While you can implement what seems to be a Maxwell's Demon if you don't look too far or too closely, in the big picture you always lose more than you gain.Every bit in a computer is a wannabe Maxwell's Demon, separating the state of "one" from the state of "zero" for a while, at a cost. A computer on a network can also act like a wannabe demon if it tries to sort data from networked people into one or the other side of some imaginary door, while pretending there is no cost or risk involved.
Jennifer Estep, Heart of Venom|...but if there was one thing that all my years as the Spider, all the battles, all the brushes with my own death, had taught me, then it was THIS.That THIS was what was important. This moment right now and all the ones that we are lucky enough to have after it. Today, tomorrow, hell, maybe even forever.
Laura Brodie, The Widow's Season|Was it possible to love a man who made you feel ridiculous? Of course [.....], love was complicated, that was all. Or was love simple, and marriage was complicated? In seventeen years of marriage David had often left her feeling frustrated, and furious, and disgusted, yes - but he had also made her feel beautiful, and protected, and loved. And oh, what she would give to feel loved right now.
Michelle Hodkin, The Retribution of Mara Dyer|I know what I can do to a girl with a word, a look, a touch. And I want to do them all to her.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|She looked terrible, but very wise.
Criss Jami, Healology|The extent of creativity to which I admire in an individual is his ability to be richly creative while still, in a way, telling the truth. It is the fool who creates only his own lies, and the bore who simply repeats what he is told.
Keke Palmer|Hold firmly that our faith is identical with that of the ancients. Deny this, and you dissolve the unity of the Church.
Stephen King|This is terrific. What a gorgeous kitchen. You’ve decorated it so beautifully. Now you’re going to have to clear all the counters. Vases. Books. Knickknacks. Get rid of all that stuff. I mean, it is just beautiful. Beautiful. I love what you’ve done with this house. Make sure you put it all away.” ~Real estate agent (p.76)
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|Some only follow the holy man while others only follow the warlord. But the truth is, both sides are within all of us, and if people could only see that, they wouldn't have to wear masks, or pretend to be holy like a holy man, or pretend that nothing can hurt them like a warlord. They could just be themselves, unjudged.
Glenn Gould|Virtue is imaginative. Evil, repetitive.
D. Alexander Neill|Autumn arrives in early morning, but spring at the close of a winter day.
W. Somerset Maugham|Marriage is a very good thing, but I think it’s a mistake to make a habit of it.
Anna Godbersen, Envy|It had been an awful thing to lose Henry the first time, to matrimony, but to discover what a false front he was capable of was another kind of blow, and it had left her almost speechless. Then there was the fury with herself—for she had known what Henry’s love was, and still she had gone back to suffer a little more at his hands.
John Boyne, This House is Haunted|Our lover is the sun, and we the stars forever floating in their glow. We push and push, yearning for our sun's rays to reach out and touch us for just a moment in time… one second-glance to warm our spirits and soothe our aching hearts.
Pushpa Rana, Just the Way I Feel|I open my eyes and for the first time stare openly at my own reflection. My heart rate picks up as I do, like I am breaking the rules and will be scolded for it. It will be difficult to break the habits of thinking Abnegation instilled in me, like tugging a single thread from a complex work of embroidery. But I will find new habits, new thoughts, new rules. I will become something else. …Looking at myself now isn’t like seeing myself for the first time; it’s like seeing someone else for the first time. Beatrice was a girl I saw in stolen moments at the mirror, who kept quiet at the dinner table. This is someone whose eyes claim mine and don’t release me; this is Tris.
Gabby Rivera, Juliet Takes a Breath|Read everything you can push into your skull. Read your motherâ€™s diary. Read Assata. Read everything Gloria Steinem and bell hooks write. Read all of the poems your friends leave in your locker. Read books about your body written by people who have bodies like yours. Read everything that supports your growth as a vibrant, rebel girl human. Read because youâ€™re tired of secrets.
Buffy Andrews|Today like yesterday and the day before that, I will strive to achieve what tomorrow and the next day and the day after that, I have tried!
Marcus Tullius Cicero|I was always respectful of people who were deeply religious because I always felt that if they gave themselves to it, then it had to be important to them. But if you can go through life without it, that's OK, too. It's whatever suits you.
Samantha Young, Fall from India Place|Why it is that life can change so quickly?""How it's possible for a heart to stop beating so suddenly, instantly breaking all the hearts that were ever connected to it? But the truth is there is no sense in what happened to Jarrod. None that I can see. I wish I had a better answer, but I don't.
Pooja Ruprell|Through powerful and heartfelt communication with the universe, you can create a new world everyday-you can be proud of.
Ibn Hazm Al-Andalusi, طوق الحمامة في الألفة والألاف|I have a sickness doctors can't cure,Inexorably pulling me to the well of my destruction,Consented to be a sacrifice, killed for her love,Eager, like the drunk gulping wine mixed with poison,Shameless were those my nights,Yet my soul loved them beyond all passion.
The Truth|The way you perceive your Self is what enables, or disables, you.
Kavita Kané, Karna's Wife: The Outcast's Queen|Life goes on, and deadlines arrive, even when it seem the world should stop out of respect for a shattered self-esteem.
Cherie Priest|I've heard it said that God made all men, but Samuel Colt made all men equal.We'd see what Mr. Colt could do for a woman.
Kat Rosenfield, Amelia Anne is Dead and Gone|Oh, those warm days of stumbling words; blinded eyes, embracing in sweet slow dances and sipping courage from a bottle for sneaking kisses.
Dada Bhagwan|To be free of insistence [free of forcing one's own opinion] is the path of Vitragta [attachment-free state, the enlightened one]. Quit insisting at all places. To even insist on the truth, God has considered it as ignorance. There is no insistence in ‘Us’ whatsoever!
Mark Samuels, Best New Horror 23|One may escape from the prisons of experience, ideology or philosophy, but it is impossible to escape from the reality of one's innermost self. Understanding this, I had freed myself from nostalgia, and having done so, what remained was to free myself from the prospect of the future.("The Tower")
Paul Hollywood|Mitch Glazer and I went to high school together, and his mother was my English teacher for two years. She was my favorite teacher, and I followed Mitch's career as a journalist, so we've kind of kept in touch over the years.
Kate Christensen, The Astral|Friendship is a strange animal. It only thrives in voluntary enjoyment of each other's company, in the pleasure of nonobligatory connection. I repeat: You owe me nothing.
Alasdair Gray, Poor Things|Movement turns dead dogs into maggots and daisies, and flour butter sugar an egg and a tablespoon of milk into Abernethy biscuits, and spermatozoa and ovaries into fishy little plants growing babyward if we take no care to stop them.
Lev Grossman, The Magicians|I have a little theory that I'd like to air here, if I may. What is it that you think makes you magicians?" More silence. Fogg was well into rhetorical-question territory now anyway. He spoke more softly. "Is it because you are intelligent? Is it because you are brave and good? Is is because you're special? Maybe. Who knows. But I'll tell you something: I think you're magicians because you're unhappy. A magician is strong because he feels pain. He feels the difference between what the world is and what he would make of it. Or what did you think that stuff in your chest was? A magician is strong because he hurts more than others. His wound is his strength. Most people carry that pain around inside them their whole lives, until they kill the pain by other means, or until it kills them. But you, my friends, you found another way: a way to use the pain. To burn it as fuel, for light and warmth. You have learned to break the world that has tried to break you.
Human Angels|To forgive others, in order to forgive ourselves, because in their roles as our mirrors, they have been nothing other than a tool to our lack of self-love, a lack of self-recognition, and a lack of self-respect.
C.S. Lewis, Narnia: The Last Battle|Over the years, I’ve discovered that as the years go by, sometimes we are energized and enlighten and sometimes we are demoralized and disheartened to realize that in some situations our beginning is our end and in others our end is our beginning.
Robin Bielman, His Million Dollar Risk|Just give me more, better memories to replace the bad ones. I’ll be back to normal before we know it.
Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset: An Unconventional Guide to Healing and Happiness|The twinkle that softens the review; the martyr's super-logic and the child's intuition; the fact that a fragment of moss can pull back into the memory a whole forest – these are proofs that there is reality in the imponderable, and not only notation but connotation is a part of the proper study of mankind.
Calvin Coolidge|Government, like dress, is the badge of lost innocence; the palaces of kings are built on the ruins of the bowers of paradise.
|Living a fake life is definitely a fulltime job of its own. Why place some unnecessary burdens on your shoulders, when you can actually live freely by being true to yourself?
Ross Lovegrove|Every song, the title dictates the architecture of the song.
Hugo Weaving|I'm really not a TV junkie... OK, I kind of am a TV junkie, but I'm much more of a movie junkie - my junk food is romantic comedies I've seen a million times.
Courteney Cox|Show me a genuine case of platonic friendship, and I shall show you two old or homely faces.
William Shakespeare, Coriolanus|She thought men were saviors......And she looked for more in them than what they were...Only to rescue herself from those she wished would rescue her...And isn't that the most tragic lie...The lie where we tell what we wished were true and believe it...?She had an artificial memory, a prosthesis to a past that never was...She was like a party that no one ever went to...Like a cure...without a disease...And isn't that the greatest fear of all...to be ready with the answersto questions that no one asks anymore?
Karen Witemeyer, Short-Straw Bride|If you want to protect me, prayer is just as powerful a weapon as that gun you carry.
Marguerite Kaye, The Soldier's Dark Secret|Celeste committed the cardinal sin of leaning across Jack's arm. "You will excuse me, Madam, but I have something most particular to say to Monsieur Trestain.""That was rude," jack said, though he was smiling."No doubt you thought her very beautiful.""No doubt that is what you think I thought.
Paul Auster, The Brooklyn Follies|I hear her slip into bed with him, and I hear everything that happens after that. Sex is such a strange and sloppy business, why bother to recount every slurp and moan that ensued? Tom and Honey deserve their privacy, and for that reason I will end my report of the night's activities here. If some readers object, I ask them to close their eyes and use their imaginations.
Jill Lepore, The Secret History of Wonder Woman|To be ready does not mean it will be easy. It doesn't mean it will be smooth. It means that even when it's difficult, you have what it takes to survive.
Tom Hayes|I love you"s are exhanged excessively under our roof. Cancer teaches you how important and critical that is.
A.M. Sawyer|Yes, I felt very small. The typewriter seemed larger than a piano, I was less than a molecule. What could I do? I drank more.-pg 237
Andy Garcia|You can get the best locksmith in the world to design the best lock he can design, is it pick proof? No, it's not: it can be very hard to pick, but it is pickable. Because you can get, say, the next 10 best locksmiths, and give them unlimited money and time, they will figure out a way to pick it.
David Foster Wallace|Real leaders are people who “help us overcome the limitations of our own individual laziness and selfishness and weakness and fear and get us to do better, harder things than we can get ourselves to do on our own.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|Investigation?" Isabelle laughed. "Now we're detectives? Maybe we should all have code names.""Good idea," said Jace. "I shall be Baron Hotschaft Von Hugenstein.
Brandon Sanderson|I believe in rendering to science the things that belong to science. I have no problem with evolution or discussions of the age of the Earth, for I don't believe that we come anywhere near comprehending the mind of God or the workings of the universe. Science can explain a lot, but it cannot give us faith, and I think we need both.
Emilie Buchwald|The most important gift anyone can give a girl is a belief in her own power as an individual, her value without reference to gender, her respect as a person with potential.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|The world you are in –Is the true hell.The journey to Truth itselfIs what quickens the heart to become lighter.The lighter the heart, the purer it is.The purer the heart, the closer to light it becomes.And the heavier the heart,The more chained to this hellIt will remain.
Christopher McDougall, Born to Run: A Hidden Tribe, Superathletes, and the Greatest Race the World Has Never Seen|Make friends with pain, and you will never be alone.~Ken Chlouber, Colorado miner and creator of the Leadville Trail 100 mile race
Will Smith|Don't chase people. Be yourself, do your own thing and work hard. The right people - the ones who really belong in your life - will come to your. And stay.
Jane Goldman|If when we are taught English we are just taught the rules of grammar, it would take all our love of our language away from us. What makes us love a subject like English is when we learn all these fantastic stories. Feeding the imagination is what makes a subject come alive.
Friedrich A. Hayek, The Use of Knowledge in Society|If we can agree that the economic problem of society is mainly one of rapid adaptation to changes in the particular circumstances of time and place, it would seem to follow that the ultimate decisions must be left to the people who are familiar with these circumstances, who know directly of the relevant changes and of the resources immediately available to meet them.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|My route, Sior Francis—and don't be surprised when you hear it—my route when I set out to find God... was... laziness. Yes, laziness. If I wasn't lazy I would have gone the way of respectable, upstanding people. Like everyone else I would have studied a trade—cabinet-maker, weaver, mason—and opened a shop; I would have worked all day long, and where then would I have found time to search for God? I might as well be looking for a needle in a haystack: that's what I would have said to myself. All my mind and thoughts would have been occupied with how to earn my living, feed my children, how to keep the upper hand over my wife. With such worries, curse them, how could I have the time, or inclination, or the pure heart needed to think about the Almighty?But by the grace of God I was born lazy. To work, get married, have children, and make problems for myself were all too much trouble. I simply sat in the sun during winter and in the shade during summer, while at night, stretched out on my back on the roof of my house, I watched the moon and the stars. And when you watch the moon and the stars how can you expect your mind not to dwell on God? I couldn't sleep any more. Who made all that? I asked myself. And why? Who made me, and why? Where can I find God so that I may ask Him? Piety requires laziness, you know. It requires leisure—and don't listen to what others say. The laborer who lives from hand to mouth returns home each night exhausted and famished. He assaults his dinner, bolts his food, then quarrels with his wife, beats his children without rhyme or reason simply because he's tired and irritated, and afterwards he clenches his fists and sleeps. Waking up for a moment he finds his wife at his side, couples with her, clenches his fists once more, and plunges back into sleep.... Where can he find time for God? But the man who is without work, children, and wife thinks about God, at first just out of curiosity, but later with anguish.
Mary J. Blige|I don't listen to people's opinions. I have people around me who I can trust, but most of all I listen to myself.
Doris Lessing|Hurricane Katrina overwhelmed levees and exploded the conventional wisdom about a shared American prosperity, exposing a group of people so poor they didn't have $50 for a bus ticket out of town. If we want to learn something from this disaster, the lesson ought to be: America's poor deserve better than this.
Auliq Ice|Be open about your thoughts, ideas, and desires and you will be right with your decisions.
Adam Sedgwick|I personally do not believe in politics, hatred, or anger in my musical composition.
Ikechukwu Joseph, Discovering Yourself|May 30 word: Example"People believe a lot more of what they see you do than what they hear you do. That's why it is important that we take the responsibility to set a good, Biblical example. How we live in front of people and even behind closed doors at home is essential to being an effective witness.
Kevin Sorbo|Industry is fortune's right hand, and frugality its left.
|We are all blessed, but the problem is that some of us count their blessings while others count their struggles, challenges and obstacles.
Kaye Gibbons, The Life All Around Me By Ellen Foster|In closing, I hope everything helps show that I wouldn’t be a fade-out or a person who turns to think to drink or dope when things get tough. I believe that anything is possible if you have the combination of love for what you’re doing and the will to sit down and not get up until it’s done….
Rhian J. Martin, A Different Familiar|It is a human characteristic, which has been richly exploited in every era, that while hope of survival is still alive in a man, while he still believes his troubles will have a favorable outcome, and while he still has the chance to unmask treason or to save someone else by sacrificing himself, he continues to cling to the pitiful remnants of comfort and remains silent and submissive. When he has been taken and destroyed, when he has nothing more to lose, and is, in consequence, ready and eager for heroic action, his belated rage can only spend itself against the stone walls of solitary confinement. Or the breath of the death sentence makes him indifferent to earthly affairs.
Tony Campolo|I don't know of many evangelicals who want to deny gay couples their legal rights. However, most of us don't want to call it marriage, because we think that word has religious connotations, and we're not ready to see it used in ways that offend us.
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|Then you're aping him. Valentine was one of the most arrogant and disrespectful men I've ever met. I suppose he brought you up to be just like him.""Yes," Jace said, unable to help himself, "I was trained to be an evil mastermind from a young age. Pulling the wings off flies, poisoning the earth's water supply — I was covering that stuff in kindergarten. I guess we're all just lucky my father faked his own death before he got to the raping and pillaging part of my education, or no one would be safe.
Anthony Burgess, A Clockwork Orange|But she does it anyway, and I sit beside her...because strength is a choice.
Ann Patchett, The Getaway Car: A Practical Memoir About Writing and Life|Maybe everyone does have a novel in them, perhaps even a great one. I don't believe it, but for the purposes of this argument, let's say it's so. Only a few of us are going to be willing to break our own hearts by trading in the living beauty of imagination for the stark disappointment of words.
Amalie Howard, Waterfell|Forgiveness is a choice. You control how you respond to something or someone. You can't change things that happened in the past, but you can decide how you let them affect you.
Joseph Roth, The Tale of the 1002nd Night|I might be capable of making figures that have heart, conscience, passion, emotion and decency. But there's no call for that at all in the world. People are only interested in monsters and freaks, so I give them their monsters. Monsters are what they want!
Joyce Cary, The Horse's Mouth|Why,' I said, quite surprised by my own eloquence in inventing all this stuff, 'it happens every day. The old old story. Boys and girls fall in love, that is, they are driven mad and go blind and deaf and see each other not as human animals with comic noses and bandy legs and voices like frogs, but as angels so full of shining goodness that like hollow turnips with candles put into them, they seem miracles of beauty. And the next minute the candles shoot out sparks and burn their eyes. And they seem to each other like devils, full of spite and cruelty. And they will drive each other mad unless they have grown some imagination. Even enough to laugh.
J.A. Heron, 30 Days|Ah, you big Nancy, there’s nothing to be afraid of. Seen it many times before. They come and go, boy, never change. It’s the same type from the very beginning. Nothing’s changed except the clothes and technology.
Ben Tousey, Children of the Night|Any act of violence creates resentment and resistance, because humans were meant to be free.
Tom Clancy|finding in motion, what was once in place
Louis V. Gerstner, Jr.|My kindergarten teacher encouraged me to learn, as did my school headmaster, who gave me a grant to study.
Jeanette Winterson, Art and Lies|Progress is not one of those floating comparatives, so beloved of our friends in advertising, we need a context, a perspective. What are we better than? Who are we better than? Examine this statement: Most people are better off. Financially? socially? educationally? medically? spiritually? I dare not ask if you are happy? Are you happy?
Vironika Tugaleva|Compassion and communication are both incredibly important in relationships, but most of us use these at the wrong time. If we communicate, it's only in times of conflict, allowing repressed emotions and unsaid worries form into their worst phrasings. If we show compassion, it's only in good times, when we're feeling good about one another and don't feel triggered or attacked. What if we changed our approach? What if we showed compassion in conflict—taking the time to listen, understand, help each other release pent-up emotions? And what if we communicated in good times—taking the time to talk about patterns we fall into, triggers we both have, and how we can work together to break our cycles? Then, we would stop helplessly dancing the same old tango of mutual misunderstanding. Then, we could work on giving one another room to feel, to love, and to grow.
Jacques Derrida|Therefore we will not listen to the source itself in order to learn what it is or what it means, but rather to the turns of speech, the allegories, figures, metaphors, as you will, into which the source has deviated, in order to lose it or rediscover it—which always amounts to the same.
Ann Shayne, Bowling Avenue|Life is so much richer, so very much more meaningful, if you plant yourself in a place that will nourish you.
Ulysses Brave, The Wit and Wisdom of Cats and Kittens|Inner beauty lasts longer than the more obvious seductions, so throw away the miniskirt and thigh-length boots.
Samuel P. Huntington|Besides, we had a large debt, contracted at home and abroad in our War of Independence; therefore the great power of taxation was conferred upon this Government.
Heather Brewer, Twelfth Grade Kills|She raised a sharp eyebrow at him. "Vlad, no offense, but look at you. If you're not a vampire, you're clearly the most anemic goth I've ever seen."... "We believed you. Because that's what friends do."pg267 October to Vlad
Bruce A. Sarte, Towering Pines Volume One: Room 509|His body walks out onto the darkened stage , and a roar goes up from the crowd. He stands in front of the mic, and he can feel his face twist in a sneer-the Elvis sneer from his dreams-though he never told it to move. He is powerless now, a spectator at his own moment of glory.
Thomas R. Cech|Ultimately, auto designers need to overcome market challenges with innovative design solutions. The automotive industry is at a turning point with environmental and economic conditions on one side and breakthrough technology on the other, so it will be fascinating to see how these design leaders envision the future.
Nancy S. Mure|Appleblossom can't believe the taste of the dark square. Is tehre a way to describe this morsel of goodness? It is so sweet adn smooth. It makes a green snail seem like an old pinecone seed, and every possum knows that a green snail is fantastic eating.
Karl Lagerfeld|There's a funny thing about fame. The truth is you run as fast as you can towards it because it's everything you want. Not just the fame but what it represents, meaning work, meaning opportunity. And then you get there, and it's shocking how immediately you become enveloped in this world that is incredibly restricting.
Patti Smith|Please, no matter how we advance technologically, please don't abandon the book. There is nothing in our material world more beautiful than the 
Nicole Ari Parker|Someone has to take the garbage out, someone has to cook the food, and someone has to clean the dishes. I want to do all of that.
Harriet Brown, Brave Girl Eating: A Family's Struggle with Anorexia|It's so easy to focus on the anguish and the misery; it's harder, somehow, to acknowledge the positive, maybe for fear of jinxing it, bringing the nightmare back down on our heads.
Isabel Allende, Eva Luna|My music will go on forever. Maybe it's a fool say that, but when me know facts me can say facts. My music will go on forever.
David Jeremiah, What Are You Afraid Of?|When you find yourself in need of courage, remember that it is your faith, not your spine, that needs strengthening! And your faith will be strengthened when you read the Bible, the only book with proven credibility to give you the courage to heal your disconnections and face your future with hope and confidence.
Alan Moore|I don't know if you realize this, but there are some researchers - doctors - who are giving this kind of drug to volunteers, to see what the effects are, and they're doing it the proper scientific way, in clean white hospital rooms, away from trees and flowers and the wind, and they're surprised at how many of the experiments turn sour. They've never taken any sort of psychedelic themselves, needless to say. Their volunteers - they're called 'subjects,' of course - are given mescaline or LSD and they're all opened up to their surroundings, very sensitive to color and light and other people's emotions, and what are they given to react to? Metal bed-frames and plaster walls, and an occasional white coat carrying a clipboard. Sterility. Most of them say afterward that they'll never do it again.
Sanjo Jendayi|Let your life speak volumes holding your words accountable, lest you become just a talking head.
Deyth Banger|You clumsy wench—Gods above! Are you trying to rob me, girl?” The nobleman seizes my wrist and yanks it from his pocket. My hand comes up with the pipe clenched in it. I stare at him, horrified.“I . . .”“I’ll have your head for this!” the man rages. “I’ll have you whipped!”***“I got the pipe,” I say, holding it up.He stares for a minute, blinking, and then bursts into laughter. A few curious deer stick their heads through the shrubs to see what the racket is. Aladdin doubles over, laughing loud enough to startle birds from the trees overhead, and after a moment, I start laughing too. I haven’t laughed this hard in a long, long while, and it feels wonderful. We sit on the grass and laugh until our faces are red and we’re out of breath.“You are the worst thief I have ever seen,” declares Aladdin.“I don’t know what you’re talking about. I got it, didn’t I?”“My grandmother could pick pockets better than that! Though that’s not quite fair; my grandmother was the best pickpocket in Parthenia. She taught me all her tricks. Drove my mother crazy.
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|Spring flew swiftly by, and summer came; and if the village had been beautiful at first, it was now in the full glow and luxuriance of its richness. The great trees, which had looked shrunken and bare in the earlier months, had now burst into strong life and health; and stretching forth their green arms over the thirsty ground, converted open and naked spots into choice nooks, where was a deep and pleasant shade from which to look upon the wide prospect, steeped in sunshine, which lay stretched out beyond. The earth had donned her mantle of brightest green; and shed her richest perfumes abroad. It was the prime and vigour of the year; all things were glad and flourishing.
Michael Rogers|Some people expect things to fall into their lap. Oh, they might work a bit for it. I'll just shake this tree, and if I shake it long enough that pretty red apple will plop right into my hand. Never occurs to them that they might have to climb the damn tree, fall out a couple times, get some scrapes and bruises before they get to that apple. Because if the apple's worth wanting, it's worth risking a broken neck.
Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary|Christian, n.: one who believes that the New Testament is a divinely inspired book admirably suited to the spiritual needs of his neighbor.
Barry López, Crossing Open Ground|One learns a landscape finally not by knowing the name or identity of everything in it, but by perceiving the relationships in it--like that between the sparrow and the twig. The difference between the relationships and the elements is the same as that between written history and a catalog of events.
Abby Norman|This is for the kids who know that the worst kind of fear isn't the thing that makes you scream, but the one that steals your voice and keeps you silent.
Alan W. Watts|We are living in a culture entirely hypnotized by the illusion of time, in which the so-called present moment is felt as nothing but an infintesimal hairline between an all-powerfully causative past and an absorbingly important future. We have no present. Our consciousness is almost completely preoccupied with memory and expectation. We do not realize that there never was, is, nor will be any other experience than present experience. We are therefore out of touch with reality. We confuse the world as talked about, described, and measured with the world which actually is. We are sick with a fascination for the useful tools of names and numbers, of symbols, signs, conceptions and ideas.
Chris Wraight, Scars: Episode II|I could be listening to Painted Red weave the stories of the saints in her rich roomy voice, and beginning to see how all those stories were in some way one story: a simple story about being alive, and being a man; a story that, simple as it was, couldn't itself be told.
Lang Leav, Lullabies|I will leave all and come and make the hymns of you, None has understood you, but I understand you, None has done justice to you, you have not done justice to yourself, None but has found you imperfect, I only find no imperfection in you, None but would subordinate you, I only am he who will never consent to subordinate you, I only am he who places over you no master, owner, better, God, beyond what waits intrinsically in yourself.
Renita D'Silva, Monsoon Memories|Now let me ask my countrymen, Have you ever granted a moment's thought to this very vital problem in the building of our nation ? Have you devised any practical remedies to combat this evil ? Will you, my countrymen, go on without making any intelligent effort to lay the axe at the root of this weaknss and misery ? Will you allow the noted chivalry and the noble hardihood of the Indian to sink into oblivion ? Will you make it a thing entirely of the past ? I implore you, I beseech you, I exhort you my brethren in the name of all that is dearest to you to shake off the lethargy, to show to this world that you were sleeping the sleep of lions only, to rise again with redoubled energy and courage to take the work of rebuilding your nation in right earnest.
Bruce Schneier|Terrorism isn't a crime against people or property. It's a crime against our minds, using the death of innocents and destruction of property to make us fearful. Terrorists use the media to magnify their actions and further spread fear. And when we react out of fear, when we change our policy to make our country less open, the terrorists succeed -- even if their attacks fail. But when we refuse to be terrorized, when we're indomitable in the face of terror, the terrorists fail -- even if their attacks succeed.
Raymond E. Feist, Shards of a Broken Crown|History is written by victors,” said Duko. “But I have little use for history. It is the future with which I am concerned.
D.L. Given, Vital Perception|Ah brother, things will be better now. I promise.” Ronan... "Vital Perception
Marie Lu, The Midnight Star|Keep your friends close, your enemies close and your family damn close because one of them is a backstabber
Greg M. Epstein, Good Without God: What a Billion Nonreligious People Do Believe|There is no life after death, so offer kindness to all, not in the next life but now.
Eve Forward, Villains by Necessity|He considered my question for a moment and then ducked his head to kiss me. He tugged me flush up against his chest , pulling me closer than i even though possible, and then his lips touched mine.
Marcel Proust|Having a body is in itself the greatest threat to the mind... The body encloses the mind in a fortress; before long the mind is besieged on all sides, and in the end the mind has to give itself up.
Richie Norton|We’re all scared.Yes, all of us. I’m afraid every day. If I’m not afraid, I must not be doing something I need to be doing. I believe that when you’re doing important work, you feel fear because you don’t want to fail. The challenge is to not let the fear stop you from doing the work that will enable you to achieve your goals. You need to recognize the fear for what it is and allow your “why” (your compelling vision) for what you’re doing be bigger than the fear itself.So where do you start? Identify your fears. As they say, "name it to tame it." Then, move forward.
